[{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Forever In Our Hearts and Minds","Author":"Gillan1220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12626615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: This is a sequel to my first 28 Weeks Later FanFic called \"Where Was I During The Rage Epidemic of 2002?\" July 1, 2017 The Sentral Bar and Lounge Mandaue City, Cebu, Philippines My friends and I were at this club, enjoying life. We, the millennials in this nightclub, are already in our twenties. Just like it felt yesterday, we were just children; and now we are here adulting. I was there for the sole reason that I am starting medical school this August 7, 2017. It was 9pm and the club wasn't full yet. I entered the door, to which the bouncer asked for an ID with a date-of-birth (I look young for 20 year old). To the right, I saw my friend Francis who signaled me to come. He told me the others have not arrived yet. We got out to wait for our friends. By 10pm, our other friend Gian arrived. He mentioned the others on their way. We then took the last table available. Then a group of girls, in which one of them Gian knows, asked if they could sit with us. One of them was a this young brunette clad in a black bustier that exposed a bit of her midriff and a pair of skinny blue jeans. She was the one who kindly asked us. With her was her friends; one was in wearing a black gown, the other had a green off-shoulder top paired with a long skirt and heels, and the last one had black-and-white striped shirt paired with a long skirt. Obviously, it was if these girls were looking for some fun. We thought of it that if we let the girls sit with us, the chip-in for the table and the drinks will be much cheaper. Furthermore, we saw it as an act of goodwill. Once we are settled in, we introduce ourselves to the girls. They too did the same, their names were Anna, Danica, Kimberly, and Jade. From our conversation, Francis and I learned that they were B.S. Psychology students from the University of San Carlos (the same university I graduated B.S. Biology in). Apparently, we graduated together last April 10, 2017. One of them asked what our plan was after B.S. Biology. \"Oh I am going to Medschool.\" I said. \"Where? asked Danica, the brunette that requested to sit with us. \"Cebu Doctor's University.\" I replied. \"How about you Gian?\" she asked. \"University of Visayas.\" He replied. Kimberly then asked Francis what he is taking. Francis replied that he will graduate this October and that his course he took is B.S. Environmental Science. When we asked them what their plan was, if they were going to Law School or be a guidance counselor, most of them did not know what to do. Danica then asks me if I am not scared of blood, feces, and other bodily fluids. I said I am not, but there is one thing I do fear. When the all asked what it was, I replied: \"I am the scared of the Rage Virus or something similar. I know a vaccine of it has been created and the last samples of the virus hidden away, but if it happens again then for sure those on the hospital would be the first victims.\" This silenced the table I was in. It has been 15 years since the Rage Epidemic struck the United Kingdom and devastated much of continental Europe before stopping at Russia's western borders. 15 years later, much of Europe is a wasteland with some countries only having their governments recently re-established. France and Germany were such an example. \"We were still kids when it happened.\" Much as well remember the September 11, 2001 attacks; I told them as I remembered that day on May 4, 2002 when the first reports of a violent disease was in Cambridge. I remembered following it on the news: the fall of London, the British governments retreat to Northern Ireland, the repopulation and the second outbreak, the Fall of Europe, and the measures done by the Philippine government to prevent rage from entering the country. As I look at the nightclub around me, it was getting crowded. More partygoers had arrived. The inside was already packed, with the bouncers regulating the amount of people going in and out a the same time. It made me think that 15 years ago, the young people of Cambridge, UK were also doing the same: partying and enjoying life. And it made shiver on the thought if one of the infected managed to spread the virus in a confined area, all hell would break loose. \"When the outbreak hit mainland Europe, my family and I stayed in the Camotes Islands until it was clear the Russians held it on their border towns. My father bought a gun; it's still with our family right now.\" \"Interesting.\" Kimberly, the girl in the black gown, said. \"I'm from Camotes too.\" \"Oh really?\" \"Yes. If an outbreak occurs, I'd be safe there. The infected cannot swim right?\" \"Nope. In their state of rage, they forget to learn how to swim.\" I replied. \"It somehow served a vacation, I remember correctly I was kindergarten. We were supposed to go to Boracay but my father decided Camotes would be safer because Boracay is known to be popular among foreign tourists. Camotes is indeed beautiful, wish I could return there one day except no guns and survival gear this time.\" \"But what happens when the rage occurs and you are in the hospital?\" asked Danica. \"I once told myself I'd smuggle a gun with me. So if that's not allowed, then I'd hope I'm in an area far from the infected. And I hope that area would be where I can escape to my car.\" I said firmly. \"And if it is not there?\" she asked again. \"Well then, it sucks to be me.\" I replied as I watched the crowd party the night away; wondering on the thought on how a Rage outbreak would occur specifically in this place if it were to ever come back in history. I then took the bottle of Bacardi then placed a shot in my glass, gulping the alcoholic drink down so quickly merely by just a thought of it. ","Summary":" Note: This is a sequel to my first 28 Weeks Later FanFic called \"Where Was I During The Rage Epide"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Diary of the dead:28 weeks later","Author":"Jackson Ryder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6347250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Diary of the dead: 28 weeks later My name is Jack Wallace. I am writing this diary as a testament to the things I've witnessed over the last 28 weeks. At this moment, I am locked in a building with thousands of flesh eating zombies waiting on the other side of this door. It is only a matter of time before they break in and kill us all. In the beginning, no one knew what was happening. It came fast and without warning. I was serving in the Army in Afghanistan at the time. Looking back, hunting for the Taliban and Al Qaeda seemed simpler than this. The first time a breakout occurred, it was in a small Michigan town called Cedarville. The town was quarantined and the end result was that no one left there alive. What were perceived as riots were actually swarms of the walking dead. No one wanted to believe that they were zombies. Who could have imagined such a thing? The infection spread quickly, although no one was sure how. Later we realized it was spread through bites, scratches or transmission of blood. Civilians were told to stay indoors. They were told the CDC was working on a cure for the infection and soon a vaccine would be distributed. Initially in towns and cities around Michigan, the local police were brought in to keep order, supported by state police. Soon came the National Guard and then active military forces were brought in. Within 2 weeks the infection had reached almost all parts of Michigan. The state borders had been closed and they tried to keep it from reaching other parts of the country. Within 3 weeks infections popped up in Kansas and Idaho. It was clear the infection could not be contained. By this time, outbreaks had also been reported in Europe, Asia and North Africa. One month after the first outbreak, half the country was infected. These creatures were everywhere, consuming everything. As a nation we were fighting an uphill battle. President Obama invoked the Conscription Act, giving every able bodied person the order to report to their local authority, grab a gun and fight. This was a fight for our lives. Hiding was not an option. Not anymore. It was spreading too fast. Gun fights were everywhere. It was high noon in every street, on every corner and even in schools. I've never seen that many dead bodies in my life. There was so much blood, so much death, and so much horror. There are things I've thought I'd never see in my life. I have too many bad mmemories that I want to erase from my mind. I keep hoping this is all just a bad dream. Even if I woke up on a battlefield in the middle of Iraq, I'd be so overjoyed I wouldn't care how many bullets were flying by. Just as long as this reality never took place. My unit first deployed to San Diego, near the airport. There were no people on the highway, only abandoned cars. It almost seemed cool to me to see all the tanks and Hummers driving down the I-5 freeway. The thought seems a bit naïve now. I remember looking over and seeing a group of zombies chasing some civilians on the tarmac. They were running towards a fed-ex truck that was waiting for them. Two men were waiting in the rear with the door open, screaming for them to hurry. Just as the people reached the truck, about 20 more zombies came from another side. The truck tried to take off, but it didn't make it out. It turned too sharply and rolled over onto its side. Several people from inside the van staggered out and tried to get away, but they were soon overtaken by the horde of the undead. No one survived the attack. Some A-10's came in and finished them off with their Miniguns and rockets. It was a huge explosion. That's when I knew this wasn't going to turn out good. I thought we might not survive this. Later, I was in a school somewhere in Oklahoma or Nebraska. I was moved around so often it was hard to keep track of where I was. We were called to extract some children from a school. We were using helicopters for cover and taking them out by trucks. Blackhawk helicopters were used to provide security while the children were loaded onto the trucks. A Jeep pulled up with some soldiers in it. They got out and told us they were from another school about a mile away. They said they were directed to aid us in our evacuation. I asked them what was going on at the other school. One of the mothers from the school we were at walked over to us when she heard what we were talking about. The soldier just shook his head no and walked away. I knew what he meant- there were no survivors. All those children were gone. The mother frantically asked what he meant. I just grabbed her arm and pulled her away. I then looked back and saw one of our Blackhawks on the ground being overrun by zombies. We opened fire but it was way too late. They swarmed before we could react. We took what survivors we could and left. We were unable to get everyone out. That was the hardest part of it all. Their screams still haunt me in my dreams. Things spiraled out control even more from then on. In the Armed forces Command and control was lost. I was grouped into units with men I didn't know, some of which weren't even in the same branch as me. Navy cooks were fighting next to marine infantryman. It was chaos and confusion. I saw men lose it quickly out there. People were committing suicide by the dozens, both military and civilian. Whole families killed themselves to avoid the alternative. Such a sad fate especially for the young children who had no idea what was going on. One day in the midst of chaos during a mission, I saw a man lying on the street. He stood up slowly and turned towards me. His left arm from the elbow down was gone. He was a bloody mess. His face was a look of shock, horror and fear. He knew he was going to die and could do nothing about it. I couldn't move as I watched him look at me. As I stood weighing my options of whether to help him, A Marine ran up to him, raised his M-16 and shot him in the head at point blank range. All I thought was; this man's nightmare is over. Two months into this my unit had been separated from our division during intense combat with the zombies. We found safe haven at a Zoo. There were 15 foot high brick walls surrounding the whole zoo. Here about 1000 people, mostly civilians, were hiding out. Through testing aided by scientist who worked at the zoo, we discovered that although some animals were susceptible to infection, reptiles were not. We released about 150 alligators to work as \"security\" for us. They sure killed a lot of those bastards. We were there for about two weeks when we were finally retrieved. Eventually the situation became too much to deal with effectively and the whole country was evacuated to the open seas. Ships from all over the world were out there. Thousands of them as far as the eye could see. I was on one of the last ships to leave the country. As we finished boarding, those creatures reached the docks. People were screaming to be let on, but we had to leave them behind; men, women, children and even our own soldiers. A woman handed me her baby and wept as our ship left harbor. When we were far enough out in the water, F-16's dropped napalm bombs and burned the whole dock. As twisted as the logic may sound, it was the only humane thing we could do for them. The sounds of their screaming for help have haunted me since that day. Many nations banded together to stay alive and safe at sea. Initially, the American fleets had been the coordinators of all efforts such as food distribution, medical care and security for all the ships at sea. We seemed to be the only organization with the logistics to do so. We also organized rescue missions to save as many people as we could. In the U.S. one stubborn General named Lewis Michael Clark had remained behind with a loyal division of about 3500 soldiers. Their mission was solely to destroy the undead. They were not interested in saving civilians, only to keep the infection from spreading through a war of attrition against the walking dead. He had refused extraction from the U.S., even when given direct orders by the Government. It was decided to give him support both through equipment and later troop reinforcement. Many people were saved and countless numbers of the undead were destroyed. It was said that he was a descendant of the Civil War General William Tecumseh Sherman. Whether it was true or not it motivated us to fight harder. I served several tours under General Clark. Some of the soldiers had nicknamed him the \"Wolf\" as he was a fierce and deadly hunter of the undead. One of the units that were the most deadly and most loyal to him were a small platoon known as Nightwing. They were a very highly trained unit that opted for swords and blade weapons over the use of guns. They wore all black and use night as cover to camouflage themselves. To them, hunting the undead was the ultimate sport. General Clark was a talented man; some would say he is as artistic in his tactics as he is skillful. He takes a grand approach to his method of warfare, even bordering on theatrical. I had the luxury of working close to his side during one mission. We were perched upon a ridge overlooking a valley in what was once a heavily fortified Civil War era fort. I glanced over the edge to see two men lying in an open field with their guns resting by their side. They were eating and laughing peacefully as if it was a normal day. I pointed this out to the General and his reply was simple. He said \"good, then they are right where they should be.\" I gave him a bewildered look and he said \"think of it like this, every trap needs bait. If you want to catch the mouse, you need a piece of cheese.\" He then lit up a cigar, took a large puff and blew out smoke rings. He then took a deep breath and extended his legs in a relaxing manner. I heard the sounds of the approaching zombies. I readied my gun and lifted it up to take aim. He grabbed my arm and shook his head. \"Just wait\" he said. I saw about 70 of the undead approaching the two men in the field. They didn't budge from their position. The mob moved closer to them and still they did not move. There were about 250 men on the ridge with us and none of them seemed concerned in the least. My heart was racing. The horde of the undead was about 100 feet from the two men when it happened. 25 men popped out from under the bush covering the ground and slaughtered the zombies with no effort at all. Without firing a single shot, they dispatched the undead using blades only. They were the infamous Nightwing and I had long desired to watch them in action. They were amazing and I realized the General had total control over the situation, even though it was risky and foolish. My confidence in him was greatly boosted. This confidence was short lasted. After months at sea and many attempts to take back the U.S. from the nightmare that had been thrust upon us, we still were not making the progress we Originally anticipated. It seemed for every zombie we killed, two more popped up in its place. We finally discovered a doctor in Peru who may be able to develop a cure, if he was still alive. 8 separate teams were sent to find this doctor. He was not alive, but we found someone else who clued us in to the roots of this problem. Here is where I end my part of this story and he will add his own words to this diary. To my children, wherever you are, daddy loves and misses you. God bless us all. My name is Dr. Heindrich Keitle. I was born in Germany in 1942. My father was a prominent doctor in the Third Reich. We moved to South America in 1946 to escape prosecution from the allies. For years under the Hitler regime, my father conducted a wide array of medical experiments including those on living subjects. He was not a fascist or racist, nor am I. We are merely men of science and used an open opportunity to advance the field of medicine, even if it was under otherwise reprehensible circumstances. I myself was one of these experiments. I was made to be the next level of human- the perfect Aryan specimen; to age slower, to be smarter and stronger than normal humans. Outwardly, I look to be only 25 years old and my I.Q. has been measured at 298. While she was pregnant, there was an accident and my mother was seriously injured. Her brain was deprived of oxygen for too long and she was unable to be saved. While her brain functions were gone, my father kept her body alive to prevent my death. He perfected this technique and used it on other pregnant women not all of whom died from natural causes. Sometimes the process was sped along to aid the experimentation. After the war, American officials approached my father to work for them, to create a new super soldier, one capable of healing quickly from injuries on the battlefield to continue fighting. This was a way for tissue to repair itself at unheard of levels, no matter how severe the injury. During the testing phase of the project, we quickly realized it could also regenerate dead tissue. We could not know the repercussions of this side effect. No one could have known this would happen; that armies of the walking dead would infest our planet like a plague. I tried to work on an antidote for this, to reverse the infection and bring back some of the people from the nightmare they now live. I tried and tried but without my father, I failed. With all of my knowledge, I still can't solve this the way he could have. I believe there is no cure for this. I've developed a vaccine that helps prevent the infection in some subjects. Only 1 out of 5 seems to respond to it. Our only hope as a species is to survive and wait for the end of this nightmare. I've started a colony in an undisclosed area I've named Odessa to ensure the survival of the human species. No one will ever find this location. It must remain hidden for humanities sake. I will not survive this, but humans will. God forgive me and my father. ","Summary":" Diary of the dead: 28 weeks later My name is Jack Wallace. I am writing this diary as a testament t"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"The Attic","Author":"SynthesteticFlame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7012611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'The Attic' I've been sitting in this attic for atelast a few months now. I think I should tell you all from the beginning. It was February 27th when I heard about it. Over in Egypt there were millions of cases about people being bitten, eaten and killed. No, not vampires. Zombies. Go ahead and laugh. But what I'm telling you, is the truth. I have two children. Lindsey, my 14 year old girl. She has blonde hair like her father. Her eyes are bright blue. I don't know where she gets that from. Her fathers eyes are green and mine are a dark blow and brown. She is very pale, but who in England isn't? She's quite slim and sporty, I'm so proud of her. I love my little girl so much. I want to hug her and play with her hair like old times, but I can't. My little boy. James. He's 8. A young age, but he is so knowledgable and wise. He has dark brown hair. He likes it long, but it gets in his eyes easily. Every month or so, he complains. I whip out a pair of nail scissors and snip away so he can see. James has my eyes. He is very artistic. I remember once, he drew me a picture of a rose. It was so detailed. I think he was about 6. It was perfect, I still have it. I still have everything. But my family. Somehow the zombies managed to get over to England. Children were evacuated immediately. America took them in. And started helping us out. Me and my husband found other survivers as well. I don't remember them all that well. There were an old couple, a young couple (the man was badly wounded) and a girl who looked about twenty came on her own accord. It was rumored that the zombies didn't go to the country, becuase noone lived out there. We managed to get over to the countryside from central London without any mishaps. We stayed in a big house next to a barn. The house showed no sign of life. It'd be abandoned for a while. The perfect hide away. We'd been in our 'perfect hideaway' for a while now. We'd be rationing food since we got there. And now there was barely any food left. We were arguing about it at breakfast. The was a bang at the door. I heard a childs cry behind it. My motherly instincts kicked in and I went to let the child in. My husband, Rob, stopped me. Could he not hear the pleading screamsof the child? \"ROB! It's a child!\" I screamed at him struggling to free myself from his clutch. The pleas of the child became more desperate. As did I. I managed to free myself from Rob's firm clutch. I unbolted the door and let the boy in. He ran into my arms. The little boy's tears ran freely down his face and stained my shirt. I remember that he kept reapeating \"They're coming,\" I didn't realise whatb he meant until I heard the familiar cries of the infected. There were thousands, running for us. Rob grasped me and tried to pull me away from the boy and upstairs. The boy reminded me of my James. I picked the boy up and ran up the stairs, Rob pulling me. Rob pulled me into the master bedroom and slammed the door behind. We started to barracade the door. My heart skipped a beat when I heard a deathly slam against the door. I pressed my body weight against the barracade, praying that they'd get bored and leave us. A bloody hand struck through the door. I screamed. I could feel the door breaking. I cradled the crying boy and looked for somewhere to hide. The door moved a few inches. The disfigured bodies started to struggle thorugh. Rob's eyes widened, and he backed away toward the window. Rob jumped out. I ran to the window, shocked. I saw Rob looking up at the window, he was going to run and leave me here to die. The Bastard! The coward! How dare he! I kept screaming at Rob for him to come back and help us. He gave me a sorrowful look and ran over the hill. Part of me hoped he would come back. The voice inside mry head knew better. Rob wasn't the man I fell in love with. The next thing I knew, bloody cold arms were wrapped around my waist and teeth sunk into my neck. I woke up on the floor. I was completely dazed by what had happened. It felt like a dream. I looked around the room. Blood splattered on the cream walls confirmed that this was no dream. It was a living nightmare. I didn't feel any different. Should I? Memories of Rob running away sprang to mind. It made my blood boil. I hope they got him. I was now part of 'they' as well. I'm now sitting in the attic of my old house. I have all the pictures of me and the kids. I miss them so much. I closed my eyes. In the distance, I could hear a mlotorbike. This part of London had been closed off. I heard it getting closer and closer. It stopped outside the house. Quietly I crept around the attic and found somewhere to hide. I heard the pitter patter of footsteps coming up to the attic. Please don't let them find me. Please... \"Mum?\" asked a nervous scared boy. James. My heart fluttered I cradled him in a desperate embrace. \"Mum you're hurting me,\" he cried. He blood smelled so sweet. My mouth started to water. I snapped myself out of it. \"James?\" I heard a voice screech. My little James was ripped from my arms. I looked up, and saw a tall girl, with a brick in her hand. She was standing protectively infront of her brother. \"Lindsey?\" I asked and stood up to hug her. She lifted the brick, threatening to hit me with it if I came closer. \"Lindsey! It's Mum!\" James cried. Lindsey looked me up and down. \"Not anymore,\" she spat bitterly. Sirens screeched from outside. Lindsey pushed James in the direction of the exit. I sat back in my hiding place and rocked back anf forth. My won children had turned against me. They were turning me in. I'd be killed. I looked up and saw barrells of guns pointed at me. I blacked out. I was kept under survalience for a while. Rob came in to see me a few times. He never said anything. I knew after using me as their personal guinea pig, they were going to kill me. Rob came in again. I was strapped down to a hospital bed. I felt too weak to opean my eyes. I knew it was; his footsteps were heavier, he always paced and didn't prod me straight away. Rob came closer and leant over me. I kept my eyes shut. \"Linda..\" he whispered. I felt his hand tounch me. my eyes snapped open and I flinched from his touch. Tears creeped down Rob's cheek. Rob stroked my hair, \"Linda, I'm so sorry,\" he murmured, more tears forming. \"But you have to undertand,\" he whispered. \"Linda\" he swallowed. \"I love you,\" he said wiping away his tears. Slowly he leaned in and kissed my pale cracked lips. Rob deepened the kiss and parted my lips. I wasn't going to let Rob win. Passionately, I kissed him back. I pulled at his bottom lip. As hard as I could I bit down on his lip. I felt him struggle to pull away. I bit down harder. I could hear him fumbling around on the operationg table. Then a sharp dagger pierced my skin into my flesh. I let go, laughing mocking him. He was going to change. Right before my eyes. I was going to win. Serve him right. Rob stood up, blood dripping from his lips. He growled and glared at me. He ran at me and sunk his teeth into me, pulling chunks of my skin away. He was the monster. Not I. ","Summary":" 'The Attic' I've been sitting in this attic for atelast a few months now. I think I should tell you"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Effortlessly","Author":"Bookjunk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9630597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Effortlessly 'Hi, I'm…' 'Will you step over here please? Thank you.' 'I'm Sergeant Doyle and…' 'Take off your shirt.' He obeys. Scarlet approaches him and places the stethoscope on his chest. The soldier doesn't gasp when the cold metal touches his skin. She only notices because most of them do. Moving the diaphragm a little to the right, her fingers brush his sternum. Nothing wrong with his heart. Scarlet jots that down on her clipboard. Then she checks his lungs. Before she can ask him to take a deep breath, he does it of his own accord. His lungs sound fine too. 'Sounds good. Okay, you can put your shirt back on,' she tells him, as she crosses another thing off the list. 'I was wondering if you'd maybe agree to go on a date with me.' Scarlet looks up. Her anger is somewhat tempered by the sergeant's overly earnest expression. Nevertheless, what an impertinent question. 'Excuse me? This is hardly the appropriate time or place. I'm not even done examining you,' she points out. 'Well, I'm not actually here for a physical,' he admits. For a second, Scarlet just stares at him. 'You're not?' she finally asks. 'No,' he confirms, while he pulls his shirt back on. He has broad shoulders. Scarlet shakes her head slightly and narrows her eyes. 'Then why are you here?' 'To ask you out.' 'Oh. Who are you again?' 'I'm Sergeant Doyle.' He offers her his hand. She takes it, warily. His palm is completely dry. She cannot detect any signs of nervousness in him. Only a sort of understated excitement. 'Hi. I'm Major Scarlet Levy. It's nice to meet you, but I couldn't possibly. There's too much work to be done here.' Doyle nods. 'I understand. Had to ask, though. Sorry for bothering you.' Despite his nonchalance, he sounds disappointed. She watches his back as he walks away. 'Why?' she blurts out. 'Huh?' Doyle turns around to face her. 'Why did you have to ask?' she inquires. A memory from high school pops up uninvited. Trent Rygalski: asking her out on a dare. The laughter of Trent and his friends when she accepted. 'Because… I've been watching you,' he confesses. Her sceptically raised eyebrow makes him quickly reconsider his words. 'Not in a creepy way, I promise. That's not what I mean at all. I have just noticed you.' He looks earnest again. Something about the way he doesn't avoid her gaze. Or perhaps it's his face. Hard to imagine someone with a face like that being dishonest. 'Why? What's so special about me?' Scarlet asks. The direction their conversation has taken is starting to make her feel uncomfortable. Doyle regards her funnily. 'Are you serious?' 'Yes.' 'I think that you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.' Oh God, she thinks. Scarlet is on her own with her embarrassment, though, because he remains unflappable. Nothing seems to faze him. 'So…?' Doyle ventures. When he gets no answer in return, he turns as if to leave. She calls out to him. 'Wait. Alright.' Doyle looks confused. 'Yes, I'll go out with you.' 'Yeah?' He smiles. He has a very nice smile. Confident. 'Yeah.' (***) Doyle walks outside in a daze. He did it. He finally did it. Flynn looks him up and down and smirks. 'You asked her? You asked her! And by the looks of you she said yes,' Flynn cackles. Not unkindly, he punches Doyle in the shoulder. 'Good for you, man.' Then they go back to scanning the skies for the infected. (***) The first thing Scarlet sees when she sets foot on the rooftop are the candles. Candles in all shapes, sizes and colours. They're scattered all over a small table. The second thing she notices is that Doyle can't take his eyes off of her, despite the fact that she's simply wearing an old pair of jeans and a formless sweater. They greet each other. 'I don't remember you telling me your first name,' she says. He snaps to attention. 'It's James. Not quite as glamorous as Scarlet, huh?' She smiles, which causes him to smile too. He offers her a chair – one of those foldable ones you take with you on vacation. Gratefully, she accepts. She's been on her feet all day. 'James is a good name, I think. Sounds dependable; like someone you can trust. Someone nice. I like James.' 'You got all that from my name?' he asks, a mischievous gleam in his eye. 'And your eyes. You have really kind eyes.' If she thought that would ruffle him, she is wrong. He rubs the back of his head, grinning all the while. 'What do you usually do after work?' she asks. He takes out two white plastic cups and pours her some wine. 'You really want to know?' She nods, sipping the wine. There's something about drinking wine out of a plastic cup that's fun. It brings back that heady feeling of being a teenager and doing something forbidden. It fits nicely with the lawn chairs. 'There's not much to do except think. So, I worry about whether we'll ever be able to go back to the way it was before. 'Cause I've seen things...' he breaks off suddenly. Shakes his head and warns, 'This does not make for good conversation.' 'Go on. I can take it.' 'Alright. It's not the infected. It's not the blood. That's bad, but not the worst. It's human nature, you know. I always thought that survival instinct was a great thing, but now I'm not so sure. The lengths to which people are willing to go in order to survive are terrible. Sacrificing their wives, their children, their dogs.' He pauses and turns to her. 'Am I depressing you? I'll stop. And you? What do you do when your shift has ended?' Scarlet thinks for a moment before answering. 'I have unproductive thoughts.' When he frowns, she elaborates. 'Perhaps the virus was meant to spread and do away with humankind. Like you said, when I look at how we behave... The planet might be better off without us. Not a very useful line of thought for a medical officer.' 'Now you're bringing me down,' he jokes. 'I become a little morbid in the evening. Sorry.' He dismisses her apology with a sweep of his hand. 'Hell, we all do. We're losing light fast over here, by the way,' he almost apologises, taking in the darkening sky and the inadequate light of the candles. Some of the candles have already gone out. The flames of others flicker weakly in the wind. 'I don't mind,' she assures him. 'Sometimes it's hard to talk to people about this. Not with you, though,' Scarlet says, looking at him. He smiles lazily. They sit in silence for while. When he gets up to pour her some more wine, she can see the lights dance in his eyes. 'What do you want out of life? In the future, I mean. The question they ask you in high school or college. Where do you see yourself in ten years?' he asks. It's a loaded question. Does she even believe in the future anymore? They've started bringing children in for settlement, but it isn't safe. Not yet. Maybe not ever. She tries to dispel these thoughts. Don't be a killjoy. 'I don't know. I used to know. I think I did, anyway. You?' 'A house in the country. Lots of kids. The usual, I guess. And you're not getting away with that weak ass answer. Come on. You in ten years. Go.' Scarlet coughs formally to show that she is taking this seriously. 'Alright. Me in ten years. Naturally, I'll still be the most beautiful woman,' she teases. Amused, he laughs. 'You're cute.' 'You're perfect,' she counters. Now – finally - he is flustered. However, it only takes him a beat to recover. 'I believe that's my line.' He smiles again. Cocky. Damn, that is a great smile, Scarlet thinks. She touches his face, tracing the barely-there stubble along his jaw line to just below his ear. Then she kisses him. Immediately, James reaches behind her, brushing her hair aside, placing his hand on the back of her neck. His elbow knocks something off the table. Neither of them thinks to stop and see what it is. Her lashes flutter against his face. He sighs and she can feel his warm breath on her skin. Her lips part and his tongue slips inside. When the kiss is over, Scarlet is surprised to discover that there are still candles burning. Somehow her hand ended up in James' strong, callused hand. If she reads him right, he has no intention of letting go anytime soon. Happy, she leans back in her chair, feeling the fabric tighten across her shoulders. 'I think it will be easy,' she murmurs. 'What?' 'Falling in love with you.' The end. ","Summary":" Effortlessly 'Hi, I'm…' 'Will you step over here please? Thank you.' 'I'm Sergeant Doyle and…' 'Tak"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"The inhumane classed as the unknown","Author":"MissBethany","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5870250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey sorry I have not posted lately things have been hectic, and I've just been looking at all the reviews thank you so much just bare in mind people like you are the reason I love to write. You're the inspiration in the pen or pencil that I draft with, I'm sure to say this on behalf of all the writers out there a big thank you. I'm happy enough to say to all of you readers out there all my stories will be forever devoted to you. So I'm going to give you a quick review of what I've been up to the past few months you have not heard from me.... Basically soon I will need to hog the computer or my parents laptop (of which I am doing now seen as I can't get onto the computer as it's so late!!) to write up a massive story which has taken up two normal sized notebooks! So hopefully it will be great for you to read and review also my aim is to get you gripped to your seat and have you want more and more. So fingers crossed will work! I decided in this I will leave a little teaser out of the text for you to read and just review what you think. \" It was dark and the wind was abnormally cool, the rocks were stained red with gore it made everything seem and feel wrong, nothing or nobody could make me rest here it isn't safe. Darkness engulfed me the further I went into the cave I started to shake it was not because of the temperature it was my mentality telling me something there, it was also telling me to run for my life but yet I still stayed there waiting to see what would come running out to kill me. Whether it may be a friend or family or a complete stranger I still knew deep down inside me that it defiantly wasn't a human. And I knew straight away two things about 'it', number one it wasn't a vegetarian and number two… It was hungry. \" Anyway review and let me know what you think, and thanks for everything. ","Summary":" Hey sorry I have not posted lately things have been hectic, and I've just been looking at all the r"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Already Gone","Author":"JCPablo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8230222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After the outbreak 28 weeks after the original one the U.S. Military falled back. Retreating. And what did you do? Cower in the corner and weep. Waiting for some hero to rescue you. But all you got was the banging on the glass door, or wooden plank. Hearing it shatter and the screams of horror. You running. But only to find a dead end. Smelling the bubbling blood in their mouths. Closing your eyes and waiting for the end. For you to become one of them their prodigy. You knew they were never going to save you. Extermination. As you sat there crying. Feeling their cold hard teeth sink into your soft skin. Feeling the rage take over you. Losing all control and thought. Then you rise, as if nothing happened. Following your 'pack' of friends. I guess that's what you did. Or did you never give up. Did you fight back? The world may never know. Because it's already gone… ","Summary":" After the outbreak 28 weeks after the original one the U.S. Military falled back. Retreating. And w"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Death is Imminent","Author":"thecupcakefox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5181098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Death is Imminent My wife was upstairsnsearching for the blond-haired boy. I knew she was up there, and Inwished she wasn't. Why would she risk her life for that boy? It wasnnot our son. The old couple were atnthe door, wasting time. He held the door shut, and wanted her tonflee. He was sacrificing himself for her and me. That was his choice,nnot mine. I didn't force him to do it. For some reason, he valuednour lives more than his. The infected brokenthrough the door, like we all knew they would. She couldn't bear tonleave his side, but ran in vain in my direction. I screamed at her tonhold my hand, but she was too slow, unable to take her attention awaynfrom the infected that were attacking her husband. I had no idea how longnthey were together for or why they were so closely bonded, but Incouldn't wait for that bond to break. The infected snatched her asnwell, and I couldn't save her. So I ran. I ran to thenlast person in the house that mattered to me. I called her name. When I found her, Intried to pull her away, out the window, where we stood a chance atnlife. But she resisted. She cried out that shencould see the blond-haired boy and pried herself away from me tonreach to him? As she opened the closet door and held him close, theninfected found their way into the room. The infected stoodnbetween us. They are so hideous. Their red eyes bleed. Blood oozes from theirnmouths. I never know if it isnthe blood of themselves or the blood of someone I once knew. Andnthere stood an infected, between my wife and me. As if they couldnseparate us. Mynwife didn't have to be separate from me. But she chose to run tonthat little boy. Perhaps she drew a connection between that boy andnour children. But I did not. That boy was not our son, but shendecided to sacrifice herself for him. \"Help us, Don!\" And now she cried outnto me, as if she expected me to do the same. But the infected werenmore powerful than I. They outnumbered me and I had no weapon. Theynwere reckless and I was scared. Not just scared, I was terrified.nTerrified of death. I had no chance against them, and neither didnshe. I looked into herneyes. I knew what I was about to do would be unforgivable. I had tongo. Our children werenwaiting to visit us again. I couldn't leave them behind. Shensacrificed herself for that boy who was not her son. I couldn't donthe same. My priorities are my children. I jumped out thenwindow on to the grass and ran. As I ran I turned backnand saw her desperate face at the window, her hands banging on thenglass, before she was taken out of site. That image would alwaysnhaunt me. I left her. I knew that we wouldndie either way. But my children neednme to be alive. Death is imminent. It does not need to benimmediate. ","Summary":" Death is Imminent My wife was upstairsnsearching for the blond-haired boy. I knew she was up there,"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Walk In Darkness","Author":"Shakaka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7610314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I am not Juan Carlos Fresnadillo (director of 28 Weeks Later ) and so therefore I do not own his works. What I add into the story is mine (example: characters, plot, etc.) but the original themes, ideas, plots, characters, etc. are solely the works of this awesome, famous person and his associates. Author's Note: My first ever FanFic published on here, this piece was inspired by a music exercise during English class. We were to listen to forty minutes of some of the most chilling tracks around and write a story based on the topic of 'Dystopia', prompted through how we reacted emotionally to the music. (I will admit 28 Weeks Later also inspired me). Here is the finished result. Enjoy! Walk In Darkness Another growl echoed from outside, another dint revealed itself in the metal barricade. I looked down to the rifle in my hands, and pulled back the lever. There were only two bullets left. \"Only two? \" Seth murmured weakly, his voice breaking, and sank down onto his knees. I glanced back to him, and my heart panged. The look of utter fear and despair in his eyes seeped out through his expression. There was no hope, no faith, no happiness...How could there be, in a world like this? Another bang and he flinched, lifting his head. His blue eyes were bloodshot and he wiped the tears away with a grimy sleeve, which smudged dirt across his cheekbone. His black hair was long and greasy, his frame scrawny. He looked down at himself and gave a short, desperate cry before crumpling on the floor. He began shivering, his teeth rattling as he lay there, iced to the bone. There was no warmth in this shed. It was so hollow and vast and dark I doubt even God could find us. It was scary sometimes, being trapped inside such a big, sinister empty space, with Infected crowding around the outside, and only a thick wall of sheeted metal between us and Them. I'm pretty sure nothing will ever make me feel safe anymore, but at least we can survive here. For now. But our food is growing scarce, and we have nothing left but poles that hold up the roof and a car that's empty of fuel. It's the only place we have to sleep. The cement flooring is too hard and cold for a mattress. \" Why did this have to happen to us? \" Seth whispered, watching me staring at my rifle with big blue eyes, the kind of eyes that should have held innocence. Instead, they held nothing but terror. It began two years ago, when a Virus broke out. The doctors called it the Rage Virus, and only a few weeks after it escaped, it was declared an Epidemic. Being the strange, incurable disease that it was, it took little time to spread across the countryside and affect cities. It bred through Infected blood or saliva coming into contact with the mouth or wounds. It turned the host violent and sadistic, blood-thirsty even. Some victims were simply bitten, others were eaten alive. Now there were only a few survivors, and they were in hiding like us. Not long after, the Infected had found our little country town and us. They took our mother, killed our father, and so Seth and I had to run. \" Come on ,\" I whispered, standing and reaching down to my brother. We only ever spoke in hushed voices these days, afraid that the Infected would find us. Another human print threw itself against the wall. It seems like they already had. We shuffled past the old car whose doors were thrown open and its interior so dark you could see nothing inside. It would be so easy for a beast to crouch down in its confines and wait. I could just imagine it lurching itself out from the darkness and tackling us to the ground... My skin prickled and I shivered, walking to the wall farthest from the Infected trying to break in. \" What are we going to do?\" Seth whispered, his voice cracking as he crouched down in the shadows with me behind a thick pole. The structure used for any major building had a back and two sides, so I gently pushed Seth into its C-shaped walls and squatted before him, providing for him another barrier. He fit perfectly into the small space, with just enough room for me. He curled up in there silently and waited, hugging his knees to his chest. I shifted on my haunches and picked the grit out of the grooves in my gun, trying to drown out the constant hollow pounding as the Infected tried to break down the walls. They were hungry. \"Can't they just go away? \" I glanced down to Seth. He was sobbing silently, and his voice shook as he spoke. He sniffled and wiped his nose. \"But that would mean that life is too easy,\" I muttered bitterly, \"And God doesn't want that .\" He looked up at me, his dark brows creasing. \"Do you know the story behind this?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean the Infected,\" I gestured around me with an outstretched arm. He shook his head. \"Some believe it was God. You know, his way of punishment, the Last Judgement he promised, and so those Infected are damned to Hell. That kind of thing.\" I paused. \"Others believe it was the result of the workings of a group of sadistic scientists. Some even believe it was because of over-pollution.\" \"What do you believe?\" he asked, tucking himself away even more as the bangs and snarls grew louder, more agitated. I shrugged, \"I don't know what to believe anymore.\" Even though we both knew the Infected had heard us, and knew we were here, we still talked quietly. \"But...God wouldn't do something like this,\" Seth said, almost pleadingly, as if he were proving it to himself as much as to me. \"He'd make it painless and quick.\" \"Make what painless and quick?\" \"The Last Judgement. Besides, he wants to save the good people. He wouldn't let this happen to the believers.\" I smiled wistfully. \"I'm not so sure there's such a thing as Good and Bad in the world anymore, Seth.\" \"But there has to be!\" he wailed, slapping a hand to his mouth as his voice ricocheted loudly off the shed walls. Unexpectedly, as the sound died away the Infected stopped their violent and bloodthirsty actions, and became quiet. We shared a look. The silence was tense. \"... Do you think they're gone? \" he whispered, so quietly I had trouble hearing him. I shook my head. His face fell. \" They wouldn't give up like this if they'd heard us .\" I began to stand, slowly unfolding my legs, and peered around the pole. The shed was still and silent. I could see nothing through the darkness, and it unnerved me. \" Cale –\" A loud, aggravated snarl tore through the night air, and something heavy was thrown against the metal wall. The shed shook and groaned, and the sound of shredding metal was followed by a horrible, nervous pause. I stepped back behind the pole, and squeezed in beside Seth. The three walls made me feel better, somewhat, and I sunk down onto my heels, staring at the shadows opposite. The whole shed seemed to shake as body after body threw itself against our large barricade. Something squealed. I leant down and pressed my lips to Seth's ear. \" Whatever you do ,\" I whispered. \"Don't scream .\" He nodded silently, and as I straightened, the high-pitched screech of tearing metal ripped through my gut like razors. Deformed hands bent the lacerated metal inwards. Seth whimpered quietly and curled into my side. With a hollow click, I flicked the safety off my rifle, seated its butt between my legs, and leant my head back against the pole. And in the next moment, They tore through. Up until now, my heart had been beating fairly fast, and I was sure it couldn't go any faster. But it did. As bare skin slapped against hard cement, my breathing became shallow, and I sensed Seth cover his ears with his fists beside me. I quietly picked my rifle up off the floor and grimaced. Two bullets weren't enough to save us. I began to count the footsteps. One...Two...Three...Four ... There were so many , or that's what it felt like. After one Infected tore through into the shed, another was caught shoving itself through. Growl after growl reverberated behind us, and the occasional snarls and hisses of fighting Infected grumbled overtop. I was hyperaware of a certain pair of feet thumping close behind us, only the pole between us and It. Silently, I hooked an arm around Seth's shoulders and placed my hand to his mouth. He rested his head against my side and became deadly still. A figure sauntered past on my left, and Seth caught his breath on my right. I followed it with wide eyes. It was quiet, its feet slapping softly over the cement, and its growls were feminine. If growls could ever be feminine. Its shape, too, was feminine. It had narrow shoulders and wide hips, an accented curve from its last rib down to its waist, and long, strong legs. I could only see its back, but its clothes were still bloody and torn, half the length of its pants having been shredded away. Its skin was pale, almost glowing in the darkness, smudged with filth. Atop its head was a thick cover of long, fiery red hair. If it had been clean, I may have seen the beauty about her. As if sensing us watching, it spun around. For a minute, all I saw was its eyes – murky pools of total crimson darkness. And then its teeth – tinged red with the blood and flesh of its diet. And then it's pale, dirty face, all angles and hidden elegance. Its features contorted, its cracked lips bled. Then it growled, and charged. I flew to my feet, aiming the rifle. As it neared, I swung my gun up high and brought it down heavily on the Infected's head. Its eyes rolled backward, it convulsed once, and fell with a low gargle to the hard floor. I couldn't muster up the courage to peek around the pole, but it seemed like none of the other Infected had heard us. It had been swift and silent. Seth tugged on my sleeve, and I looked down. He pointed to the corner of his mouth, and before he could do anything else my tongue lashed out and licked at something warm and moist. I frowned. Seth's face was horrified. I reached up, hand shaking, and wiped at my face. I pulled my fingers back. Blood . My stomach tightened. It had to be my blood. It couldn't be Infected. If it was... I hunched over, gasping quietly, and hugged myself. My gun fell to the floor. Seth's little hands caressed my face as he warily tilted my chin up toward him. I stared fearfully at him, and even through the darkness, he peered urgently into my eyes, pulling up my lids with his fingers to get a better look, trying to spot any dots of crimson, any signs that I was Turning. His face showed everything, then. His eyes widened, his mouth dropped, and his expression twisted into one of sadness, despair and terror. As I watched, he stumbled back, out into the open view of other Infected, although he was slightly hidden by the darkness of the shed. \" Seth –\" but my voice was cut off with a loud snarl, and I choked on my words, as if my tongue couldn't remember the English language anymore. I coughed and wheezed and something warm trickled down my chin and onto the floor. I looked down. It was more blood. But it was my blood. \" No! \" I heard him whisper, and his voice hurt me, deep down. But something hurt more than that. Something that started in my heart, like a bubble, and expanded as it travelled through my veins. I cried out as it reached my head and exploded, an agonising headache gripping me. My legs buckled and I fell to the ground, my vision growing foggy, the pain sending me insane. Seth moved. Uncharacteristically, I threw my head up and snarled at him, dragging myself into a crouch. He recoiled in horror. I was oddly amused by his fear, but the pain inside my head made everything hazy, and he seemed like the only stable thing left. I needed some of his stableness. I cocked my head to the side, a wild grin flashing across my face. He screamed. The sound hurt my ears, and I launched at him, sinking my teeth into his throat. Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading my story, please review! :) ~Shakaka ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I am not Juan Carlos Fresnadillo (director of 28 Weeks Later ) and so therefore I do no"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Post bite","Author":"LittleMissSuicide","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7624008","Passage":"[Chapter 1] POST BITE Last moments after the bite before you turn into a zombie. I ran away as fast as I could. I actually made it but still felt sorry for those who didn't. I was so close to death but I rather not thing about it. The only question now is where now. Where is everyone? I had to find someone, anyone. There were supposed to be more people like me who managed to survive. At least that's what I thought. After I cot my breath and decided to continue I felt a horrible pain in my leg. I yelled and looked down. A bleeding wound right under my knee was looking at me. Then the real horror started. I needed some time to realize what happened. I didn't run from the death. I wasn't a survivor. Right now I was a dead body. Or just on a way to become one. I was bitten. Bitten from the son of a bitch. \"No. NO!\" I screamed my heart out. Panic overwhelmed me. I knew what that meant. I was on a way to become one of them. I didn't have a gun next to me. Even if I would have one I wouldn't have the guts to shoot myself. I looked around. There was no one, not even the living dead. I was going crazy but I wasn't sure or it was because of the venom or because of the idea I was about to die. There was nothing I could do but to simply wait. These were the loneliest moments of my life. The venom started to work, I could feel it. My body started to shake like I was cold but actually I was hot. I started to sweat then I started to freeze. My eyes weren't working right. For a moment I was able to see, for the next everything was blurry. My brains were about t explode. Then the pain came. I screamed like never before. I could feel my heart was beating fast but the slower in the next moment. The sickness arrived. I started vomiting blood. The pain was like it was throwing up my own guts. My mind went blank. The voice I use to know was turning into growling. The last I remember were the last three heartbeats. Everything was dark afterwards. ","Summary":" POST BITE Last moments after the bite before you turn into a zombie. I ran away as fast as I could."},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"the end of the world","Author":"armizzle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5166164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE END OF THE WORLD PROLOQUE (London, England) \"He just bit him, took a chunk right out of his neck\". \"Dad, are you hearing this, a man on the news said that a man bit into a man's neck, taking a huge chunk out his neck. He said that the man looked craze and, and, decayed. Like if he were dead.\" the boy's father was washing the dishes. \"What\", \"yeah, he said that a man bit into another mans neck. The man that was bitten was hospitalized, then died, but then he came back to life and did the same to the nurses and doctors. The other was taking into custody but he attacked the police officers at the police station.\" \"Ah, that's all nonsense Jimmy, no man attacks another man by biting him in the neck, ha, must have been one of those bloody gays.\" \" ha, you're probably right dad, eye, do you know when mum is coming home, she's been gone for awhile.\" \"she should be-, Mary, is that you\". The boys father walked to the front door, drying his hands as he walked. \"Mary, what's wrong why are you staring at me like that, love, what's wrong with your skin, why is it-, jimmy was still watching TV when his father let out a shriek. Jimmy looked back, frighten, he saw his mother on top of his father, biting him all over, taking chunks out of his skin. \"MUM\", jimmy's mom looked up at jimmy, and started to run at him, jimmy's eyes grew, then he jumped up and ran to the kitchen. As he grabbed a kitchen knife, his mother pulled him to the floor. She slammed her jaws shut over and over trying to bite jimmy. Jimmy finally threw her off and stabbed her in the head with the knife he had in his hands. He stood up breathing heavily. He looked to where his father laid, but he wasn't there. Jimmy looked around but he didn't see him. Then he heard breathing on the back of his neck. As he turned around slowly, his father jumped on him, biting him over and over again. CHAPTER 1 Michael Rivera is a 17 year old boy living in Winter Springs, Florida. He goes to Winter Springs High School. He's quarterback for the high school football team. Michael has a girlfriend named Stacy. His best friend name is Terrell. Michael lives in the time 2010. By this time the Creeper virus has consumed most of the world. The Creeper virus was created by all chemicals and gases being polluted into the air. The virus first broke out in London, England killing little of it's population and turning the rest into flesh eating zombies. When England's government tried to contain the virus, it failed. It then spread to Sweden, Denmark, Germany, and Norway, consuming all of Europe in a matter of weeks. Russia was the last country to be consumed because they called marshal law. Everyone had a curfew, but some one got into the country with the virus, and soon Russia was among the other countries consumed by the virus. The Creeper virus consumes it's host by spreading through there veins, then to there brain killing them. The host seems to be dead, but then reanimates and attacks anyone near by, restarting the cycle. The virus can get into someone by open cuts, or by getting bit. If a infected is killed in front of you and there blood gets into your mouth, eyes or any open cuts and wound, you will be dead and transformed in a matter of hours. But if you are bit, you will die then transform with 15 minutes. Since the virus broke out in London in 2008, by the time it finally hit the United States in 2009, the undead increased widely. The U.S called for an all out Zombie war. Canada was easily overran by undead and Mexico as an undead country. No one was left, except flesh eating monsters.. The U.S suffered by loosing most of it's border states. If you weren't infected you were relocated under government control. The U.S lost 44 of it's states in the summer of 2009, 4 month's after the virus came to the U.S. During the zombie war, the U.S had another civil war. This happened because half of the non- infected states didn't want to be relocated and the other half thought that it would be a good idea. Also the states who didn't want to be relocated, thought it was time for a new president, and that the new president should take this time to take control of the world. The other states thought that they were crazy, that in a time like this with all the fighting against the undead, that someone would want to do this. So the R.O.W.D (Renaissance of World Domination) ,the states who wanted control over the world plunged into war with the other states. The president was almost killed by one of the rebels. The war lasted for about a week or two. The R.O.W.D lost. The remaining of the group fled deep into the everglades and formed little colonies. The government let them stay there, if the R.O.W.D agreed to stay out the governments way. During the civil war Chinas population was being consumed by the undead and they couldn't get in contact with the U.S because they were in war with themselves. Three quarters of Chinas population was infected. The U.S lost all alliance and backup from other countries. Two attempts were sent by China to give supplies and backup to the U.S, but both failed. The first was sent by plane, but Korea shot it down because they weren't getting any help. China didn't react because they had little to loose if they to battle with Korea. The second was sent by ship. The ship was filled with gun powder, food, and all kind of supplies. The ship landed on a little island to get food for the crew. When the crew stepped on the beach, about 70 undead came running out of the forest. They attacked the crew. Only 15, arrived to the U.S on a raft. The ship was blown up because the Chinese men wanted to kill the undead that killed their friends. All the food, supplies, and ammo was lost in the fire. Out of the 15 Chinese men that arrived in the U.S, 6 were found to be infected from being exposed to undead blood, and they were immediately shot, one hanged himself while awaiting to be sent home, and the others were sent back to China. Famine was a big problem in the U.S now. But the worst was yet to come. CHAPTER 2 The place where Michael was relocating to was suffering from lack of food also. people were dropping dead left and right from starvation. Michael was lucky because his dad was put in the army to fight against the undead. So Michael and his mom get some extra food from the camps leaders since his father is one the brave men fighting in the army. Terrell and Stacy were relocated to the same camp where Michael stays. So Michael and his mom give Terrell and his family some of the extra food they get, and the same to Stacy and her family. One night Michael, Stacy and Terrell snuck out of there little houses and met up with some new kids they met. They hurried into the woods. They do this to get away from all the war stress. Deep, deep in the woods is a cabin that all the teenagers go to hangout and relax. In the cabin the kids talk and have some kind of fun. While everyone was chilling, Michael took Stacy to a little stream and talked to her. He said that if anything were to happen to him that he wanted her to leave the camp. He wanted her to escape and go up north, to Alaska or something. She said no I will never go anywhere without you. No, he said, if anything happens to me do as I said, in my house there's a little blue chest under my bed. There's some money, but not a lot, take it all and get out, take my mom and Terrell, save whoever you can. Why are you telling me this, Stacy said. My mother and I have been hearing from my father that the zombie threat is growing. If the zombies reach us and I don't make it out do as I said, alright. Alright. Alright, said Stacy. They hugged and kissed. As they were kissing a bright light shot up into the air. It was a flare. Michael and Stacy thought the camps guards had found the cabin. One rule about the camp is that you cannot be out past curfew, which was 6 p.m., before the sun went down. Michael and Stacy were walking back to the cabin when they notice that the flare didn't come from the camps guards. Michael pulled Stacy down to the ground. Hey what was that for, she said. Look, Michael said, those black vans, those aren't the camp guards vans. They have big red letters on it, its says R.O.W.D. Michael and his mother heard about this group. There the group that fled into the everglades after the second civil war. Its said that these men go around kidnapping kids from around 7 to 16 years old. They are doing this because the R.O.W.D wants to train the kidnapped kids and force them to fight in there army they are creating. The U.S government have been trying to locate the R.O.W.D, but when they checked the everglades, they were completely gone. The R.O.W.D wants to over throw government and destroy countries that failed containment. When Michael saw his friends being handcuffed and dragged into the vans, he became furious. He turned towards Stacy and grabbed her by the shoulders and said, I have to go save those kids, and find Terrell. No, don't go, Stacy said. I have to, Michael said. There in trouble and I have to help them. Stay here, if I'm not back in 5 to 10 minutes, go back to camp and tell what happened. Stacy was crying, but she agreed and hid behind a log. As Michael was running towards the cabin he stopped and looked back at Stacy. He took a deep breath and kept towards the cabin. When he reached the cabin he waited till the coast was clear to go inside. As he was getting closer to the door he heard gunshots and screaming. Since they were deep in the woods no one could here the gunshots and screaming. As Michael was looking through the cabin window he heard a psst. Michael looked to where the sound was coming from and saw that it was Terrell. He had been shot and was loosing a lot of blood. ","Summary":" THE END OF THE WORLD PROLOQUE (London, England) \"He just bit him, took a chunk right out of his ne"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"28 Weeks Later The Tag","Author":"theicemenace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9595594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a tag to the movie, 28 Weeks Later… 28 Weeks Later Flynn's Rescue of Tammy and Andy \"Stop!\" Flynn slid easily out of the chopper, his weapon trained on the two people coming toward him through the tall grass. They obeyed, the girl placing herself between the rifle and the boy. \"Where's Doyle?\" The girl's eyes were wide and unfocused, as if she'd finally reached the limits of her endurance as well as her sanity. \"Where's Doyle?!\" She shook her head, the boy peeking around her shoulder. They were both covered in filth and blood though neither of them appeared to be injured. Quietly, so soft that Flynn could barely hear her, she said, \"It's just us.\" Lowering the rifle, Flynn waved them over. No matter what he told Doyle, he couldn't leave two traumatized kids alone in the middle of chaos. Still suspicious, he said, \"Come on. Get in. Come on!\" Neither trusted the other, but they didn't have a choice. If what Doyle said was true, these kids were more important than anyone else, including himself. There had to be a good reason Doyle gave up his chance at getting out alive to save these kids. Something that had to do with the virus. What if they had immunity? It would more than make them worth dying for if something in their blood could cure the rage virus. And he trusted Doyle with his life. He said they were important and as far as Flynn was concerned, that was the end of the story. Flynn fired up the chopper, and once in the air, he gave them headsets. \"What happened to Doyle?\" The girl, her blonde hair matted with dirt, blood and who knew what else, turned from staring out the window at the white cliffs of Dover. \"He's dead.\" \"How?\" \"Saving us. The car wouldn't start. He got out to push it and was burned by men with flame throwers.\" She winced and touched her brother on the shoulder. \"I can still hear him screaming. It was horrible .\" \"****!\" He altered his fight path, aiming for the base in France. \"I'm Flynn, by the way.\" \"I'm Tammy. This is Andy. Scarlett said we're immune like our mum.\" Flynn took no joy in being right. Fact was he wouldn't be happy for a long, long time. When this tour was up, he was out of Delta Force and the Army. He and his wife had talked about him quitting to start his own business flying tours in the Grand Canyon or somewhere close to the Canadian border doubling his chances of making a go of it. \"Relax. We'll be there before you know it.\" ~~O~~ Tammy was so exhausted she could barely stay awake, the sound of the chopper's rotors would be soothing if it weren't for the fact that falling asleep would cause her to dream. After six months in the refugee camp in Spain, the nightmares had stopped, but now they would come again whether she was sleeping or awake. Especially after being forced to kill her own father. He'd been attacking Andy, and when he turned toward her, she picked up the rifle and shot him. The stock of the rifle had been sticky with Scarlett's blood. Her dad had killed Scarlett with Doyle's rifle. They'd both given up their lives to rescue her and Andy. And Andy had run from her afterward, thinking that he would turn and try to kill her, but the only symptom of the virus was the red in his left eye. He hadn't turned yet, and that meant he was immune like their mum. Didn't it? When they got wherever Flynn took them, she and Andy would be isolated from each other and everyone else. She understood and was certain he would as well. Hugging the boy to her, she didn't want to let go, and he did the same. The front of her shirt felt wet, her stomach stinging, and she moved away to have a look. Dad's blood that had been on Andy was now on her, but she didn't care. Not until she realized that she'd been cut across her stomach giving the contaminated blood a way into her system. Before she could warn Flynn and her brother, a sudden, sharp pain hit, stunning her with its ferocity. It moved through her body and into her brain making her head hurt so bad she screamed. She began foaming at the mouth and a terrible anger swept through her, building by the second. Clutching her head, she screamed again and it turned into a growl of rage at the end. \"Tam? Are you okay? Tam!\" \"What's goin' on back there?\" Flynn called out, but Tammy no longer heard or comprehended. Instinct drove her to leap on Andy, scratching, clawing and vomiting vast amounts of blood. He screamed at her to stop, but all other imperatives had been overwritten by the virus surging through her bloodstream, altering her brain chemistry. Andy pulled out of her grasp, his face, arms and chest a bloody mess. Snarling out her rage, she went for the remaining occupant, not even hearing Andy calling out to her. \"Tam! Stop! You'll kill us! Tam!\" Now the other one was screaming, but not at her, the words having no meaning. All that mattered was killing and infecting. She dug her nails into Flynn's arms and chest to pull him close enough so that she could bite him-the surest way to pass on the virus. The chopper started see-sawing, throwing Andy back and forth until he was knocked unconscious. As the virus took hold of Flynn, he no longer had the ability to pilot the chopper. It tilted to the left, the nose pointing at the ground, and moments later, it crashed and skidded across the field, pinwheeling around itself as the main rotors dug into the ground throwing the occupants around inside. Andy hit the Plexiglas window so hard it smashed, driving a razor sharp piece into his chest, severing his aorta. He bled out in a matter of seconds. Tammy had been thrown forward to hit the windshield, breaking her neck and killing her instantly. Flynn lived just long enough to try to fight his way out, bloodying his fists and smashing his head against the control panel in an attempt to follow the virus's imperative. His life was extinguished by rail gun fire from one of the military choppers sent to intercept the unauthorized craft that hadn't responded to calls. From above, the pilot and his passengers watched just long enough to ascertain that everyone was dead then the chopper made a looping one-eighty to continue its patrol of the coastline. Inside the downed chopper, the radio continued to broadcast a signal, the disembodied voice threatening destruction if the pilot didn't return to England immediately. Twenty-eight days later, the voice replaced by another interspersed with static as the chopper's battery lost power. \"…we need your help.\" Before long, the transmission stopped as well, the owner having been killed by the infected who had come through the tunnel into Paris. In the field where the wrecked chopper lay, the faded photograph of a woman and little girl fluttered in the breeze. Next to it was a child's drawing of a chopper. Above the drawing, two words were written: For Dad. Fini ","Summary":" A/N: This is a tag to the movie, 28 Weeks Later… 28 Weeks Later Flynn's Rescue of Tammy and Andy \""},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Bullet","Author":"xDalliancex","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9246930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! My first published fic, and I have to say I'm both excited and nervous. Took me a while to write and plot, but I'm pretty happy with it. As always, let me know what you guys think :) I'd also like to give a shout out to my amazing friend - TheLightIsMine - for reading through and helping me out with this story. I own nothing, sadly. Enjoy! X \"Pop the clutch when I tell you, okay? Okay ?!\" \"Yes, yes!\" Doyle took a sharp breath, exchanging a knowing look with Major Scarlet. \"I'll meet you at the stadium.\" Taking another breath, Doyle jumped out of the gas-encased car, holding his neckerchief over his mouth and nose to filter out the nerve-gas. The flamethrowers were approaching, their owners - his own comrades, preparing to fire. Ha, the irony. Fire. \"Their lives are more valuable than mine...or yours...\" Scarlet's soft voice echoed through his mind, her indirect order understood. Pushing with all his might, Doyle yelled the instruction, \"pop it! Pop it now!\" The car started picking itself up, Doyle, in those split seconds that followed, felt the car move on its own. He smiled underneath the neckerchief, knowing his job - and duty - was done. The flamethrowers aimed... Doyle knew. He turned. \"Woah!\" Came the sudden exclamation of one of the Marines. He held up his hand, just as the man on the end of the row pressed the release trigger. \"No! He's one of ours, you idiot!\" Doyle held up his arm to protect his face, hitting the floor to avoid the flames. They passed dangerously over him, burning his shoulder. \"Get out of here!\" Doyle didn't move. \"Get out of here, fucker!\" The Marine yelled again, \"or we'll fire!\" Still, Doyle didn't move. \"Fuck. Nerve-gas.\" The other soldier cursed, before stepping forwards and pulling Doyle off the ground, \"now fucking run!\" He yelled, \"get out of the city!\" Doyle, unable to process a thought, just nodded. The other man shoved a new ammo clip into his palm, \"go.\" Saved. Shit. He wasn't dead? Shit. \"Run!\" Doyle started sprinting, faster, faster. Don't stop. Never stop. \"Get out of the city!\" \"I'll meet you at the stadium.\" Shit. The stadium. Turning a corner, Doyle saw smoke rising from the road. Tarmac had been blown to pieces, and car tyre marks were all over the road like a four year old's drawing. Scarlet. Tammy and Andy. Doyle turned to see the helicopter in the air, turning back around again. Oh...christ. He needed to get to the stadium. And fast. His radio had been dead since the car 'incident', and Doyle felt more alone now that he had on top of that roof in the dark. Shaking his head, Doyle realised with a start that he'd left his weapon in the car. He had his standard-issue gun, but nothing too fancy... Or effective, for that matter. \"Fuck!\" Doyle growled out in anger, kicking the wall next to him. \"You've gone and fucking done it now, James...\" He mentally scolded himself for being so stupid, \"nice fucking move, Sergeant Doyle.\" Knowing he couldn't stay here for long, Doyle started making his way down the road. Gun poised, he was ready for just about anything to jump out at him. The pain in his burnt shoulder suddenly hit him, Doyle held his breath, pulling some spare bandage he'd got when Scarlet had bandaged up her leg out of his utility belt. Wrapping it tightly around his shoulder, but not so tight that it restricted his movement , he tied a knot. Flexing his arm a couple of times to check, he found he could move it considerably easily, which somewhat relieved him. Doyle had lost track of time. Time and feeling, it seemed. Wiping his forehead, Doyle knew he couldn't lower his guard. There was potential danger behind every half open door, every car, in every dark alley and every abandoned building. He was tired. Tired of running, tired of the short spurts of adrenaline that only drained him when they'd faded, tired of staying alert. He wanted to rest, to be safe. Snorting at the mere thought, Doyle rubbed the corners of his eyes warily, always keeping a look out. There was a small, practically inaudible sound from his left. Doyle snapped his eyes open immediately, staring in the direction of the noise. Infected. Maybe? Possibly. Doyle wasn't sure where the noise had specifically come from, but he knew it wasn't too far away. The Infected had no sense of feeling, they didn't tire, they only starved. They didn't feel pain, they only died if shot it the head or cut to pieces. Doyle, however, didn't want to take any chances. There were two roads ahead of him. The stadium was in the same direction as the noise. No. Doyle thought for a split second longer, then dark shapes appeared in the horizon, growing, growing. Oh crap. Doyle ran, he took the route out of London, away from the Infected. Night fell too quickly. Dusk crept up on him, turning to a thick fog, before clearing to reveal a dark, star-studded sky. The odd street light flicked in and out of consciousness, casting an eerie, flickering glow over the desolate village Doyle had found himself entering. Night-time was dangerous . Not wanting to take any chances, Doyle didn't enter the abandoned houses. He found a small tree-house located in a field at the end of the row of buildings, and decided that would be the safest option. Weapon raised, Doyle climbed slowly up the rickety ladder, all the while listening out for any sounds. Nothing but an owl's cry rang out through the ethereal landscape. Doyle shuddered, the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. The thing that terrified him most of all was that he was alone. No back-up. Nothing. He had no food, no water. Doyle hadn't a clue where he'd find any, either. He didn't want to risk seeing if there were any supplies in the village, or if there were any survivors - too petrified to leave their homes. Checking the bloodied bandage on his shoulder, Doyle sighed, rubbing his forehead. Yeah, he knew there were some survivors out there - they'd barricaded themselves in their own homes - never answering the door out of fear for their own lives. Sure, Doyle knew fear. He knew what it did to you. Fear made you stupid. Stupidity got you killed. Still, that didn't stop you feeling it. It was more how you reacted to fear. Don't make brash decisions, don't rush your thoughts so badly that you forget vital elements... Doyle fell asleep in fear that night. Fear for Tammy, Andy, Flynn... And Scarlet. It was a misty morning. Doyle woke drearily, trying to remember everything that had happened in the past 24 hours. He'd been on usual duty. A code red was called. A code red? \"Pick your own targets.\" \"Why aren't you at your post?\" \"Why aren't you ?\" Rubbing his eyes, Doyle blinked. \"I'll meet you at the stadium.\" \"Ditch those people!\" \"Get out of the city!\" Doyle groaned. The beginnings of a headache slowly creeping up on him. \"Their lives are much more valuable than mine. Or yours.\" \"I had the boy in my sights.\" Doyle rested his forehead against the wall of the small treehouse. Well, this was just great. His stomach growled. Hungry . Doyle sighed irritably. His shoulder throbbing, he checked the bandage. It was dried, meaning that it was going to cause extreme pain when removed. Sliding down the wall, Doyle turned, leaning against it and sitting back down on the wooden floor. It creaked. \"Bastards!\" Doyle shouted at the wall opposite. No noise. There was a small, faded picture on the floor. Doyle picked it up, wiping the dirt away. It revealed a family, two little girls that couldn't have been older than five, and their parents. They were all smiling - carefree - it seemed. Folding the picture up, Doyle tucked it into his khaki bottoms. He sighed, closing his eyes for a moment. Why the fuck did everything go wrong? How did it all go so wrong? Doyle hit the back of his head on the wall again in anger. Millions had died. Millions. No one knew of a cure. It seemed so unbelievable, that there was no cure. It was a lab-made disease, for Christ's sake, there must be a cure, surely? Knowing he needed to start moving again, Doyle stood. There was a small box on the floor by the back wall, and Doyle curiously opened it, revealing two bottles of water. Two. Two days worth. It was better than nothing. Taking the bottles out, Doyle found more pictures. It was the same family as the one he'd found a little earlier. The two girls, and their father. Another with just their mom and dad, then another with just the two girls. They had a dog, too. Doyle felt a lump rise in his throat, and he swallowed it harshly. Soldiers. Did not. Cry . No, they threw up instead , Doyle thought crudely as bile rose in his throat. The voice in his mind told him to go. Move on. Danger. Sighing uncomfortably, Doyle placed the lid back on the box quietly, almost as a sign of respect, he felt. There was a small window in the treehouse. Doyle saw shoes. Swaying. Shit. Danger. Run. Move . Remember your training, soldier. Leaping out of the treehouse, Doyle slid athletically down the ladder, landing with a \"hmp.\" He dared himself to look back into that tree. Go on . No. Go on. Just a quick look. No. Taking a stuttered breath, James Doyle didn't look back. That was in the past now, out of focus. Snipers didn't 'go back and check'. No, snipers were accurate, excellent. They knew when they'd hit a target. Instinctively. The niggling voice still crept into his mind, daring him. Fuck off. Bastard.[Chapter 2] Thank you to everyone for your amazing comments! Here's chapter two, enjoy! The road in front of him shook. The heat reflecting off the tarmac made Doyle feel nauseous. He had drunk half the bottle of water already, and he was only half way through the day. Yeah...this wasn't gonna last long. Sighing, Doyle took shade under a nearby tree, its branches stretching out like fingers, casting odd, glimmering shadows on the grass below. Summertime. Doyle laughed wryly. Summer. Usually he'd be joking around with Delta squad, on lunch break. Maybe they'd fool around - Doyle remembered with a smirk how he'd tricked Flynn into thinking they were being chased by a pack of Infected, and boy, had Flynn legged it. \"Like a chicken with its ass on fire.\" Doyle found the memory a comfort. He shifted, feeling the bandage catch on his shoulder. He took a sharp breath, wincing. Ouch. Opening his eyes, Doyle saw a helicopter flying a few miles away. Flynn. Goodbye. Blinking, Doyle saluted. He knew it was Flynn. The small red mark on the wing confirmed his thoughts, too. \"Good job, buddy.\" He spoke quietly. Doyle straightened his back, and began walking again, suddenly feeling very alone. \"Sir, we have an unknown lifeform headed our way.\" \"What?\" \"A person, sir.\" \"Infected?\" \"Doesn't look like it, sir.\" General Stone took a moment to think. Hand on his chin. \"Sir...\" \"What, Jacobs?\" \"He's...he's in uniform.\" \"Military?\" \"Yes.\" \"Shit.\" Stone hit the desk with his fist in annoyance. \"Alpha Squad, we want you in sniper position.\" Jacobs spoke into a radio. \"No.\" Stone growled. \"Sorry, sir?\" \"I said, no.\" \"But sir-\" \"No!\" The soldier piped down, keeping his thoughts to himself. \"Send a squad up there. If he's one of ours, and a survivor, have him cleansed. I wanna know what's going on out there.\" \"If he's Infected, sir?\" \"I'm sure you're familiar with out protocols for that, Jacobs.\" Stone snapped. \"Yes, sir.\" Jacobs answered, \"Okay! I need B Squad up top. All precautionary gear, shoot if target is Infected.\" Stone grabbed the microphone, \" This is General Stone- and if he's not Infected, bring him back.\" \"Yes, sir.\" The order was acknowledged. \"I just hope this guy can give us something.\" Stone spoke quietly. Doyle swayed slightly, his headache getting worse. There was a small vibration under his feet, and Doyle stepped back clumsily, \"what the fuck now?!\" A few yards head of him, Doyle saw a small, steel flap open up in the tarmac. \"Sweet fucking -\" Two men exited, covered head-to-toe in safety gear. Doyle almost laughed at how stupid they looked. Wow, these hallucinations were so real! Doyle felt his legs give out, and he fell awkwardly. Pulling himself up on his knees, he yelled, \"I come in peace!\" Before laughing giddily. Ha. This was fun. If this was in front of a load of Infected, they'd probably have no idea... Doyle chuckled at the thought. \"What the fuck is wrong with that guy?!\" \"No idea, Rick. No fucking idea...\" \"I come in peace! Haha!\" \"He's demented.\" \"Yeah, Cody.\" \"Well, he's not Infected.\" Cody pointed out. \"He sure ain't.\" Rick stared,\"Why the fuck is he laughing?\" \"That's what de-hydration does, I suppose...\" \"Really?\" Cody nodded, \"yeah, think so.\" \"Don't just stand there you mother-\" came Doyle's delirious yell. \"I think he wants us to go over,\" Rick spoke, \"y'ok, Cody?\" \"Ready when you are.\" Rick spoke into his radio, \" 'kay, we're now approaching the target - AKA Hyena.\" \"Hyena?\" \"They laugh, don't they?\" \"Oh. Right.\" Rick shook his head. Doyle squinted. Those shapes were definitely getting bigger... A hand grasped his injured shoulder. \"Fuck!\" Doyle cried out angrily, pushing the arm away, \"that fucking hurts, y'know?\" Then, Doyle stopped. How was he imagining this? \"Who...who are you?\" \"I'm Commander Cody Hants, this is my Second In Command, Rick Douglas.\" \"Wha-?\" Rick rolled his eyes, \"who are *you*?\" \"Uh...Doyle.\" Doyle replied, still trying to process the information, \" J-James Doyle.\" \"Okay, James, let's get you outta here.\" Cody spoke, looking around warily. \"Rick, gimme a hand.\" Rick bent to help pull Doyle to his feet, and the two soldiers supported the sniper as they travelled back towards the small hatch in the road. A voice sounded over the radio, \"you guys had better get in quick, you've got a pack headed your way. ETA; three minutes.\" \"Got it. Over.\" Cody spoke, \"okay, James, we need you to jump down there.\" \"You want him to jump? The guy can't even walk on his own.\" Rick questioned. \"What other choice do we have, really?\" Cody retorted. \"ETA; one minute thirty.\" Came the voice over the radio again. Rick stood staring at Cody, before finally nodding, and turning to face Doyle, who was wretching. \"Niicee...\" Rick commented. \"Shut up.\" Doyle snapped. \"We need to get in there now, Rick.\" \"Okay. Fine.\" Rick rolled his eyes, \"James, in.\" Doyle - who was being supported by Cody, slid his foot down the metal railing that lined the vertical tunnel. \"Geesh...\" He said aloud. \"Cody, get him in there, now.\" Rick spoke, an urgency in his tone. Cody's eyes widened. \"Oh shit.\" \"Yup. The party is about to start.\" Rick replied, kicking the loose bits of tarmac on the road. Doyle landed with a 'thud'. Sharp pain shot through his legs as he did so, and he groaned. Cody was just above him, sliding down the ladder like it was something he did daily. Yeah. Doyle used to do that daily, too. Delta Squad. His comrades. Everything. Gone. There was a sudden sense of emptiness - like nothing really mattered anymore. Everything became a blur, like Doyle had been dropped in a pool of water...sinking...further... The screams went unnoticed in Doyle's ears. He fell. ","Summary":" Hello! My first published fic, and I have to say I'm both excited and nervous. Took me a while to w"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"How It Should Have Ended","Author":"MarshalZhukov","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11499452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How it Should Have Ended - 28 Weeks Later \"Control, this is Doyle. I have eyes on a couple of kids approaching the bridge in my sector. Look like the Harris kids, over\" \" Copy, Doyle. Keep an eye on them. If they try and cross, take them out.\" \"Copy, Control, Doyle out.\" Bang! Bang! Doyle cleaned the bolt of his rifle, reseated the weapon on its bipod then reset the zoom on his scope. He resumed scanning his patrol sector. The End ","Summary":" How it Should Have Ended - 28 Weeks Later \"Control, this is Doyle. I have eyes on a couple of kids"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Where Was I During The Rage Outbreak of 2002?","Author":"Gillan1220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12430410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Before I start, I have to say this: I am a millennial. I was born on September 4, 1996. I am part of what people call the 90's kids: the generation that grew up after the fall of communism, the victor of capitalism, free market, and democracy, the rise of globalization and technology, the appearance of great TV shows, movies, and videos games. The dawn of the new millennium brought both hope and fear to the world. Hope in the sense it would bring a prosperous future on what humanity has envisioned a 100 years before such as flying cars, robots, hoverboards, etc. And fear since many people thought the world would end on the midnight of January 1, 2000 in which the Y2K bug was supposedly to affect computers worldwide; causing the crashing of bank accounts and nuclear missiles flying from their silos or submarines. Surprisingly, none of this came true until almost a year or two later. One of the biggest impact of a millennial or a 90's kid would be both the September 11, 2001 Attacks in the United States and the Rage Outbreak of 2002 in Europe. When the 9/11 attacks occurred, I just turned five a week before and was watching the evening cartoons on TV. It was nighttime here in Cebu City, Philippines. When my brother changed the channel and saw on the TV the Twin Towers burning, we both thought it was a movie. He was only eight at that time. I went to sleep afterwards. It was on the morning I realized how serious the attacks were. My family and our household helpers were glued to the TV. My mother said she saw the news in the hospital that evening. It repeated the footage of the planes hitting the World Trade Center, the Pentagon on fire, and another plane crash in a rural area. Later, I went to school and I saw some of my teachers and the principal talking about the 9/11 attacks. Even my classmates thought it was movie with one guy, if I remember his name: Jette Calderon, stating that \"He was Twin Towers and he fell down.\" I do not blame him for acting that way for he was the same age as I was. Later that afternoon, I get dropped off at my grandmother's house as my dad is still at the hospital (Both of my parents are doctors). As I was about to watch Legends of the Hidden Temple on the Games and Sports segment of Nickelodeon; my aunt, my grandmother, and their household helpers were also glued to the TV watching the news of the attacks. The following days to come, my parents told me that those who were responsible for the 9/11 attacks had connections with the bad guys in the south (of which I later find out to be the Abu-Sayaff group*[1]). There, the sense of the relative peace of the 90s era was gone, as it was sure no one was safe from these terrorists. America and its allies then concentrated their forces to bring down the terrorists: from Afghanistan to East Africa, from Central Asia to India, and to Southeast Asia. When the Rage Outbreak began in the United Kingdom in the May of 2002, I was already finished with Kindergarten level 1. It happened during my summer vacation. One day, my parents were watching the TV of the situation unfolding in Cambridge. Apparently, with my young mind that time, I thought it was a group of crazy people fighting over somethings. But days later, I remember it was announced on the news that those \"crazy people\" were indeed infected with a disease. The disease, called the Rage Virus, would turn anyone into a person with homicidal aggression. The infected would then attack anyone near them, regardless of relationship. The main methods of attacking were from using their bare hands, their nails, their teeth, or by vomiting blood on their victims' faces. If lucky enough, those beaten badly would not turn into the infected but those who managed to survive will turn into the infected and hunt for more victims. I remember my parents would shield me away from the TV. Once I knew, I kept on crying and crying, scared that the infected may soon reach the Philippines. When I was a kid, I was really scared of zombie movies. These things I saw on TV, they were like zombies but the media refuses to call them such, since they are not technically dead and are comparable to rabid dogs. A week into the outbreak, Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo mobilized the Philippine National Police and the Armed Forces. They held exercises on how to respond in case an outbreak occurs in the country. Video footage showed heavily armed troops backed by V-150 Commandos, GKN Simbas, and Scorpion Light tanks with MD-520 light attack gunships, UH-1 Hueys, and OV-10 Broncos in support \"retaking\" an infected rural town in a simulated exercise. My dad used to say with the weak state of our military and police, in no doubt would the Philippines fall. He did mention should an outbreak in Metro Manila occur, then whole country would collapse. He also mentioned once that even though President George W. Bush would promise to send aid to the Philippines should the Rage outbreak be severe as per the 1951 Mutual Defense Treaty, America may not intervene at all due to \"interests.\" Around this time, all major airports around the country such as the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (Pasay City), Mactan-Cebu International Airport (Lapu-Lapu City, Cebu), and Davao International Airport (Davao City) saw an increased presence of policemen and soldiers armed with M16A1s, MP5 submachine guns, and Uzis. British and European nationals were often quarantined for long hours at the airport under heavy guard. In the hospitals, my dad and mom told me they had some form of \"self-defense\" and \"evacuation\" procedure just in case of a Rage outbreak. At the schools nationwide, Citizens Army Training (CAT) became even more prominent as students were trained to shoot an M1 Garand, an M16A1, or a M1911 should the need arise to form a \"volunteer army\" as what the British did when the situation became even more dire. I already heard that our paramilitary forces, called the Citizens Armed Force Geographic Unit*[2], are slowly being incorporated to the regular army. Meanwhile, there was an order to evacuated Filipino citizens still in the United Kingdom, although I'll never know how successful the evacuation went since there are many of them there. My dad was also getting concerned now that 14 days into the outbreak, several British had settled as refugees in Europe, with some settling in Ireland, the U.S., Canada, Australia, and even New Zealand. We had a British neighbor who married a Filipina. They had two kids, whose name is Jessica and Kyle Knight. They are both British-Filipino. Kyle is just a few months older than me. I was concerned what he thought of his homeland. He told me once when we were playing that he could not wait to serve in the Royal Navy so he could fight the infected once he grew up. There were also many British tourists here in Cebu, usually in Mactan Island where there are many beach resorts or in the red-light district of Mango Avenue where there are many strip bars that attract foreigners. From what I could see, there would always be an armored personnel carrier backed by a truckload of troops, SWAT, Special Action Force (SAF)*[3], and regular police officers in areas where there are numerous British or European tourists. As London fell, I remember my dad buying a Glock 17 pistol and a Ruger Mini-14 rifle. He told us that this is necessary for home defense. My dad also laid out an evacuation plan: should the Rage hit Cebu, we would seek shelter in some islands that are sparsely populated such as Bantayan Island or the Camotes Islands. We actually followed the British government's retreat to York, then to Edinburgh, then to Belfast on the news. When the Europeans finally stopped letting refugees in, I think the whole country gave off a sigh of relief. Of course, we remained vigilant. I would later learn from the news that the infected are starving and dying off. We then followed the news of the repopulation of mainland Britain. However, the world's nightmares would soon be confirmed. A second infection broke out in the repopulated London Zone which was firebombed by the United States Air Force. That would not be the end, as the infection reached France, then slowly made its way to Belgium, Germany, Poland, and several other countries. This occurred around December 2002; I was already six years old. Never in my life would have I seen the French deploy nuclear weapons in their own soil, a very sign of desperation. My dad told me those kinds of weapons were not used since World War II when the Americans dropped the bomb twice on Japan to make them surrender. This time, the enemy is someone or something that could not be intimidated. The infection then consumed its way through Central Europe and was now on its way to Eastern Europe. I remember my dad going to the grocery store and started packing up on food, water, supplies, fuel, and other weapons. He then started to book tickets to Camotes Islands; as he told our household helpers to home to the province with their family. My first helper, the one was with us even before my brother was born in 1993, went back to the town of La Libertad, Negros Oriental. I knew she had the advantage since Negros Oriental has a big mountain which could be used as a refugee. My other helper went back to her home in Bantayan Island. We then stayed in Camotes for a week, my dad refused to work back at the hospital for the sake of our safety. We were joined by many others who too were fearful of an outbreak reaching the Philippines. We were still in Camotes when we heard the infection had encroached Russia, but not far off. Once we heard it was contained and that it would not reach Moscow, we went back home and told our helpers it was safe to return. I learned that despite the damage, many countries in Europe survived by virtue of natural geographic barriers. Spain, Portugal, and Andorra survived, as well as Switzerland and other countries isolated by mountains. The French had relocated to the island of Corsica. Other nations had done the same or had collapsed. Russia has \"liberated\" some of the Eastern European nations from the infection. Others thought that Vladimir Putin was going to revive the Soviet Union but at this point, I was just glad the infection was contained. My family did take note of the irony that the United Kingdom became one of the safest places in Europe once the infection had hit the continent. I was glad to know the Philippines did not report any infection. In April 2003, I graduated from Kindergarten. I entered Primary School that July, and the Rage outbreak was still the most talked about topic. Two years later, when I was 3rd Grade, we had two British expat classmates: Daryl Burkill and James Cole. Daryl was born in Hong Kong while James (I forgot where he was born) managed to be in the right place when the Rage hit. Those two were always asked by teachers and students on their thoughts or where were they during the Rage Outbreak. In April 2009, I graduated 6th Grade as the Valedictorian. By that time, an outbreak of H1N1 was reported in Mexico causing another mass hysteria. Thankfully, the Mexican government quickly eradicated the infected pigs and sought quarantine measures, often jointly with the United States. I entered high school that July, and yet the memory of the Rage Epidemic still haunted the miles of the people. In my last year as a high school student in 2012, around the time our school had a Filipino Month*[4] dance program, word came out from the CDC and WHO that a vaccine for rage has been found. Majority of the world commented the vaccine came too late but was nonetheless grateful just incase the Rage might resurge again in the future even with WHO declaring Rage to be extinct. I graduated high school on April 18, 2013 and took B.S. Biology in the University of San Carlos - not to far from my former high school; with the passion to be a doctor. Many people, including my friends ask me what I'll do if Rage would occur when I am a doctor; I said to them I'll have to make sure I have to be armed even if it would mean smuggling a gun to my office/clinic. In June 2015, I took up Microbiology as a subject and our professors discussed the Rage Epidemic when we talked about virus. I guess 13 years later, the memories of the event still lodges in our mind. In September 2015, after a few days I turned 19, I watched on TV headlines that Andy Harris, a.k.a. the 21st Century Hitler, had been executed by firing squad due to him causing the Fall of Europe to Rage. Personally, I felt that he is not to blame since he was still 9 years old when he escaped the UK with his sister and a rogue U.S. Army pilot. I know for sure that he is not responsible for the infection that brought the United Kingdom and Europe to its knees. We do not even know what kind of experiment the U.S. did to him or where they kept him (CDC or Area 51 is anyone's guess). Now, it is March 31, 2017. I am now 20 years old and about to graduate college and get that degree in B.S. Biology. I will graduate on April 10, 2017. I will proceed to medical school afterwards. My life has been well recently. Just last October, I met this girl from Coquitlam, British Columbia. Her name is Mikaella de los Reyes; she's part Chinese-Filipina. The day I met her was the day after she turned 17. After an exchange of conversation and telling to her I am biology student, she did share to me how Vancouver saw lots of well-off British refugees that escaped to Canada as the Rage took over the UK. From what I researched, the British mainly settled in Toronto, Ottawa, Calgary, Edmonton, and many isolated towns in Nova Scotia. That is also what my friend Albert Ybañez to me. Albert graduated in high school the same year as I but in a different school. He moved to Surrey, British Columbia in 2013, then to New Westminster around 2014 or 2015, before coming back here to Cebu for cheaper education. To be honest, I do have feelings for Mikaella because she is down-to-earth, honest-to-God gorgeous but I do not know when I will ask her out on a date. I just hope the Rage Virus will never return again when I am about to ask her out. I have so many plans to do in this world. Since it is now 2017, this will be the 15th Anniversary of Rage Epidemic in the United Kingdom and Europe. I cannot believe even in my life time I would see an event that should only exist in science fiction and horror movies. Never I thought would I see a virus with the ability to turn a human into an unstoppable killing machine. Eventually, nature and humanity triumphed but the horrors of this Epidemic will always be lodged in everyone's mind regardless if one was directly affected by it or not. It too is lodged in forever in mind, of which I would share to my children in the future should I have one. I cannot believe that I have have seen the biggest and the worse defining moment of the 21st century at a very young age. Those who do not learn from history are bound to repeat it. - George Santayana Notes Section *[1] Abu Sayyaf (Arabic: جماعة أبو سياف ; Jamāʿat Abū Sayyāf, ASG; Filipino: Grupong Abu Sayyaf) is a Jihadist terror group based in and around Jolo and Basilan islands in the southwestern part of the Philippines, where for more than four decades, Moro groups have been engaged in an insurgency for an independent province in the country. They were responsible for several terrorists attacks, such as the Rizal Day bombings in 2000, just prior to 9/11. *[2] The Citizen Armed Force Geographical Unit (CAFGU), variously called Citizens Armed Forces Geographical Unit, Civilian Armed Forces Geographical Unit, is an auxiliary paramilitary unit of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. The CAFGU was created on July 25, 1987 when President Corazon C. Aquino signed Executive Order No. 264 entitled \"Providing for the Citizen Armed Force\". The creation of the unit was based on the \"clear, consolidate, hold and develop\" strategy adopted by then-Defense Secretary Fidel V. Ramos in dealing with insurgent-infiltrated villages. The CAFGU are mostly armed with World War II surplus weapons such as the M1 Garand, the M1 Carbine, the M1 Thompson, and the M3 Grease Gun. Occasionally, they are seen armed with the M16 assault rifle and the M14 battle rifle. *[3] The Special Action Force (SAF) is one of the elite forces of the Philippine National Police. The SAF was formed on May 16, 1983 and is tasked with VIP protection, high profile public security, and counterterrorism. They are somehow considered a paramilitary force of the police, bordering between a SWAT and the Special Forces of the Philippine military. *[4] Filipino Month (Filipino: Buwan ng Wika) is usually celebrated in schools throughout the country for the entire month of August. ","Summary":" Before I start, I have to say this: I am a millennial. I was born on September 4, 1996. I am part o"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Resurgence","Author":"strife26bay12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5923686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] War would end if the dead could return. Stanley Baldwin \"Complacency is enemy number two. Number three is public opinion. I hardly need to tell you what number one is.\" It was a speech the General Arnolds had given before and would probably give again. He looked at the other officers assembled for the staff meeting. \"First things first. Colonel Curtis, general report?\" \"Morale is pretty good. We've settled pretty well into the rotational system. We've got the general security forces alternating clean-up, disposal, and security. It's still an awful lot to have to deal with the bodies every third day, but it is still better than before . We've got our psy corps doing good work to compensate though. Building security forces have been exempt from the rotation, as per the directives to build rapport with the civvies. No major problems with their morale, most of them are thankful to have the cushy job. I'm not completely sure exactly how our armor complement is contributing troops, but I haven't gotten any complaints. Captain?\" Captain Lawson, who commanded the enhanced armor company, spoke. \"Well, I've got one crew per day per platoon. Basically, it's a five day rotation once you take into account the Shredders. I'm still a bit concerned whenever the Shredders aren't manned, so I've started cross training my Abrams crews with them.\" Lt. Colonel Curtis started talking again, \"The last of the French troops leaving has really helped morale considerably. With the French no longer demanding the slightly more tolerable security jobs, the rotational task system works a fair bit better. Plus, the fact of the matter is that our troops tend to get along with the British force better than the Frenchies, so it's perfectly fine that they've ran back to Paris.\" There were several muttered comments pertaining to bloody Frenchies. Despite the fact that the Americans didn't like it, the French forces were perfectly justified in leaving. Every last mayor in the world desperately wanted a company of soldiers. A recent UN report had rated the security of major cities against an outbreak of Rage. It had spooked most of the world. The United States Army tended to discount the risk. Gun control advocates had lost an awful lot of steam when countless people had saved themselves with personal firearms. In many cases, the shooter had died in the process, but many of them had left a pile of bullet filled Infected as their gravestone. Outbreaks didn't last long if everyone was heavily armed. New York and DC had been hit hard, but regular military (and secret service) had come down quickly upon the infected areas. Most other minor outbreaks had been handled by genre savvy police and irregular forces. Everyone was still up in arms and the desire for regular army forces was understandable. In any case, the rest of the world took more damage before properly armed forces cleared the cities. Without a large number of civilians to be protected, it wasn't perceived as necessary for there to be that big of a force in the United Kingdom. General Arnolds directed a question to the British Commander, Colonel Mandrake, \"Any problems with the British troops?\" The British army had taken pretty horrible casualties in the invasion. Many of the survivors were deemed unsuitable to further combat. The fact of the matter was that extended combat with former citizens and comrades tends to unbalance even well-trained and determined troops. All in all, the US-UK force was quite small. There were 2,000 American and 1,000 British troops in London, with an additional 500 soldier force stationed at the Chunnel (along with one of the enhanced armor platoons), and several company size groups driving through the Islands searching for remaining survivors. Unfortunately, the Infected plague hadn't stopped the wars in Afghanistan (Iraq had been almost completely vacated by the Coalition in short order). Extremists everywhere were calling the Plague a sign that Allah (or God, or Lenin, or whomever they were fanatical towards) was beginning the end of the Great Satan (or Capitalist Empire, etcetera). The 10,000 troops originally tasked to rebuild and secure Britain hadn't helped anything in the Middle East by their absence. With no living Infected anywhere in the United Kingdom, the troops had quickly been reassigned, with the 4,000 odd troops all that remained. General \"Blackjack\" Arnolds wavered between being annoyed at his lack of men and annoyance at not being in an actual combat area. In any case, there were few problems with British morale. Colonel Mandrake admitted that depression over the fate of their country was widespread, but that most were confident that the United Kingdom would rise from the ashes. \"Sad but determined, to sum it up, Sir.\" The next topic of discussion was the normal report from the medical section. Major Ross, who was in charge, reported that health was improving as everyone became used to the clouds of burning flesh and assorted pathogens from the rotting city. They could hardly afford to have much of their troop strength sick at any one time, so they had not skimped on medical supplies. Major Ross also added, \"Other than that, we've got another group of settlers coming in today, including the first two children back on the Isles. I believe that they're a Tammy and Andy Harris. They're the children of Don Harris, who is in charge of in-building infrastructure for the base. They'll be quartered with him in Building 3-B. The rest of the group will be in 3-A.\" ((Author's Note: Gah. I do dislike interrupting the flow with notes like this, but I'd greatly appreciate any comments about my writing. This piece is mostly for practice, you see. I'd be happy to answer any questions about the actions in rebuilding London.))[Chapter 2] Interlude 1: The Home-front ((Welcome to the interlude chapter, where I try to address reader concerns. The weapons and tactics of the rebuilding force will be discussed to some extent in the next chapter proper, and further in the rest of this work. If there are any other concerns or questions, do ask. I'm writing this tale to practice writing and building a world)) The American homeland took some degree of damage, primarily in the form of straight deaths. Infrastructure itself wasn't badly damaged, with exceptions in DC and New York City. Due to their urbanized nature, Rage got out of control. Large portions of each city burned down. They were eventually evacuated and cleared, but at tragic cost of human life. Both the White House and UN building survived, but were evacuated and abandoned. Many other towns and cities experienced outbreaks, primarily from so-called slow carriers. I decided to add the concept of a slow carrier for two reasons. Primarily, from a simple sense standpoint. Rage couldn't get anywhere is everyone was obviously infected within half an hour. Secondarily, from a drama standpoint, the possibility of a zombie infectee being amongst a normal population is pretty scary. Slow-carriers have been observed to remain in control for up to 12 hours after their original infection. As such, pretty much every town quickly established a 24 hour quarantine before anyone was allowed in. Local militias and military forces quickly figured out that the Infected were perfectly killable by normal means. They show somewhat better capability to survive bullet wounds, but not much more than an especially drug-induced human could. Headshots would drop them almost every time, a burst of assault rifle fire or four buck to the chest worked almost as well. The end score was half of New York and DC dead, a few other cities beat up, a lot of local heroes, and lots of paranoia. Unsurprisingly, guns, ammunition, and balaclavas experienced record sales. The involved industries picked up quickly. America's military quickly became overstretched. Extremists became emboldened in the Middle East, forces were tied up holding camps in Britain to try to evacuate survivors, clearing DC and NYC, plus trying to man checkpoints pretty much everywhere. Despite the re-institution of the draft (for local defense only), public support of the government remains high (Congress is passing whatever the President asks for at the moment). The crisis surge hasn't tailed off yet. Everything has largely settled down, half a year after the original crisis. The world would never be the same, but there is some sense of normalcy. Most of the concern of the public is local defense, trying to figure out what to do with the ghost towns, and the ongoing war in Afghanistan. ","Summary":" War would end if the dead could return. Stanley Baldwin \"Complacency is enemy number two. Number t"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Across the Sky","Author":"bloodredcherry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4977265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Across the Sky: A 28 Weeks Later Fan fiction. Rating: T Summary: A story about what could have been… Disclaimer: These characters do not belong to me! This story is for entertainment purposes. Authors Note: I was not impressed with the second movie so I've decided to write a wee little one-shot (more of a ficlet really) and it is definitely AU. The title from this story is from the Emily Autumn song, Prologue: Across the Sky. Please let me know what you think! Please keep your criticism constructive! --- Scarlet said it was only a flesh wound, but she was leaning more and more of her weight against Doyle and when she stumbled over a loose chunk of sidewalk her legs buckled and she pitched forward. \"Scarlet!\" Tammy cried, Andy quickened his pace to keep up with his sister. Doyle went down with Scarlet, catching her under the arms before she hit the ground. He was thrown momentarily off balance, and his face crushed into her neck. Scarlet's hands reflexively tightened around Doyle's neck and waist, pulling him into an embrace. \"Major -\" Doyle began. Scarlet let out a grunt and tried to get back on her feet, Doyle felt a tremor wrack through her body. \"Easy,\" Doyle pulled back, and without thinking brushed Scarlet's tangled hair back from her face. \"I'm okay,\" Scarlet snapped, but her voice was tired. Doyle gave her look that called bullshit and she sighed. Although the bullet had just grazed her leg, the gash was still deep and she was afraid of infection. She was covered in soot and grime and soon they all would be in the middle of nowhere with only a basic med-kit at their disposal. Scarlet was certain there was a suture kit in with the gauze, she just hoped that the vial of morphine hadn't been destroyed in the chaos. The adrenaline was ebbing from her body. Before there had only been a dull ache but now Scarlet's leg was throbbing. It felt hot, like someone was jabbing a hot poker into her thigh. Bad sign. Scarlet closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Never in her life had Scarlet ever thought that her fellow soldiers would be the enemy. But the quarantine had been breached, code red. Code red, the implications ran through her mind. Scarlet took a sharp in take of breath, it physically hurt to think about it. She looked at Doyle, she knewq where he had been during the outbreak but she did not let her mind dwell on it. He had proven himself trustworthy. \"We need to get cover,\" Doyle's voice brought Scarlet back to the present. The alley-way stunk of mildew and decay and the infected could be bearing down upon them at any moment. As if he could feel her gaze, Doyle looked at her and gave her a smile that didn't reach his eyes. Blue eyes, they shone more brightly, now that his face was marred with dirt and sweat. Up close, Scarlet could see that his mouth was set into a tight line. She looked at his rifle and swallowed. She would only let her mind creep at the edges of that train of thought. He had been with them, hiding in the old mechanics shop, he had helped them this far. He had helped them , that was what she had to remember. Absently Scarlet remembered his comment from before, about blood making him nauseous and the corners of her mouth quirked at the memory. Doyle thought she was returning his smile and widened his grin. \"We have to move,\" he said, Scarlet felt his breath on her neck and she nodded. \"This might hurt,\" Doyle said. Scarlet didn't know what he was talking about, until she felt the shifting weight of being lifted to her feet. Scarlet let out a hiss and Doyle secured his arm under Scarlet's shoulders. Suddenly Andy cried out: \"What is that?\" It took Scarlet a moment to notice the gray that was slinking into her line of view. Her stomach dropped to her feet and she felt light headed for a moment before Doyle jerked her to the left. \"Move!\" Doyle commanded, \"move, move , MOVE!\" \"Where!?\" Tammy screamed, \"There's no where to go!\" \"Down the alley to my left,\" Doyle commanded, Andy took his sisters hand, \"you two go first, we'll be behind you.\" Tammy didn't hesitate before breaking into a run, Andy was lagging behind, looking over his shoulder trying to keep his eyes on Doyle. Andy let out a cry as Tammy jerked him into the alley after her. Scarlet cursed and grit her teeth, she looked behind her. \"They won't be far behind,\" she said softly. \"I know.\" Together she and Doyle loped into the alley, it reeked of garbage but she could see the light at the end; Tammy and Andy were quick. Scarlet took a deep breath and looked at Doyle, he caught her eye. Run . The unspoken word passed between them, they careened down the alleyway, it felt like Scarlet's feet were barely touching the ground, but she knew that was the exhaustion. She felt her thigh muscles spasm and the burning in her lungs. Tammy was waiting at the edge of the alleyway and Doyle nearly stumbled into her. Scarlet scanned the abandoned street. \"It's coming!\" Andy screamed and pointed frantically. \"Over there!\" Doyle cried, and for a moment his military resolve had slipped away, and he sounded shrilly desperate. Scarlet followed his gaze, and saw the silver hatchback. It was a long shot, but the only option they had. Tammy and Andy made a run for the car, while Doyle and Scarlet hobbled behind them. Scarlet grit her teeth and set her feet firmly on the ground. The pain was excruciating and black dots swam in front of her eyes. \"Scarlet,\" Doyle cried as she pitched forward. He was trying to grab for her but she pushed his hands away. She would be damned if she was going to be useless. She swallowed down a scream and took a step forward; it didn't hurt so bad a second time. Her scream finally clawed its way out of her mouth in a whimper. She and Doyle were only a few meters from the car. It was too easy. It was too easy. This was all too easy . \"Scarlet!\" She heard Tammy's cry just as Doyle shoved her forwards. Scarlet couldn't catch her balance and toppled onto the ground. She turned but before she said a word she saw them. Shadows gathering in the alley, down the street. She heard the familiar pop and the concrete garbage can in front of her exploded. \"Come on,\" Doyle was along side her, slipping his arm around her waist. He was holding her so tightly it pinched. \"That was a hell of time to decide to be a hero,\" his breath was hot against her face but this time she managed to help pull herself to her feet and when he pushed her forward she was ready and Scarlet allowed herself to be carried by the motion, she put her hands out in front of her and fell against the passenger side of the hatchback. Tammy was screaming and her voice was choked by tears so it was incredibly difficult to understand what she was saying. Then she heard the noise, it was like someone was tearing paper in two. They had to get the car started. \"Andy,\" Scarlet called, sticking her head into the opened passenger door. \"Are there any keys?\" \"Keys?\" Andy sputtered. \"Keys, in the ignition.\" Scarlet was surprised by how calm her voice was, she couldn't open the door her hands were shaking so badly and her heart was pounding painfully in her ears. Andy disappeared from view and Scarlet finally managed to open the door. She fell into the seat and looked up just to see Doyle peering in the passenger side window. What was he doing? Why was he just standing there? Maybe the door was locked, Scarlet reached over and fumbled with the lock, only to find that it wasn't locked. She looked up through the smudged glass to see Doyle shake his head. The shadow of his fingertips brushed across the window and he then he was gone. Doyle's words flashed through her mind, \"hell of time to decide to be a hero\" . \"No!\" Scarlet cried. \"What's wrong?\" Tammy wailed. \"Keys Andy!\" Scarlet barked. \"H-here!\" Andy pointed to the steering wheel and Scarlet could have wept with relief. If Doyle was doing what she thought he was doing… she pursed her lips and tried to ignore the pressure behind her eyes. She didn't have time to think about why Doyle was outside the car instead of inside. She turned the keys and the engine burped but did not come to life. The sound of Tammy's shrieks filled the car, and Scarlet tried again. Suddenly, the car started moving and Scarlet felt a moment of euphoria, only to realize that the car hadn't started . Doyle was pushing the car. \"Shit!\" Scarlet cried, \"Come ON!\" She turned the key once, twice and then finally the engine turned and the car roared to life. Scarlet let out a shout, which turned into a scream when the passenger door flew open and someone whose arm was engulfed in flame leapt into the passenger seat. Scarlet swerved the car in surprise and Tammy, in a moment of seeming clarity stopped shrieking and began pummeling the … the thing with her hands. \"Go!\" Came a muffled cry and Scarlet obeyed, slamming her foot onto the gas petal. Whatever was crouched in the front seat was trying to avoid Tammy's assault and in so doing almost flew out of the open door into the street. For a moment Scarlet was only aware of the shadows that were disappearing in the rearview mirror. \"It's me! It's alright! Stop hitting me – Ow!\" Tammy had a solid right hook that handed just under Doyle's right eye. Scarlet glanced over and swerved again because instead of pushing the horrible thing out of the car, Tammy was slapping his burning arm with her hand, trying to put out the flames. Doyle slammed the car door shut and grabbed Tammy's flailing wrist with one hand, he turned in his seat and faced her. Scarlet's mouth opened in a gasp of surprise that turned into a shout when Doyle grabbed the steering wheel and yanked it to the right. \"Eyes on the road Major,\" Doyle said and Scarlet looked away quickly, she bit her lip, trying again to distract herself from the pressure behind her eyes. Stupid , she mentally chided herself, as hot tears spilled over her cheeks. She quickly glanced at Doyle and fumbled for the medical pack that was still slung around her shoulder. \"Andy, can you help me?\" Scarlet asked, and Andy leaned over the driver's seat and helped Scarlet free herself of the medical bag. \"Tammy,\" Scarlet said glancing in the rearview mirror. Tammy looked up, her eyes were wide. \"I need you to do me a favor,\" it took a moment but Tammy finally nodded. \"Can you tell me if Doyle's coat is covering the burn?\" \"I-I,\" Tammy stuttered. \"Some of it will have burnt away, but I need you to check carefully for me, can you do that?\" \"Okay,\" Tammy said shakily. Scarlet waited for a moment, \"Tammy?\" Scarlet asked, silence followed as her answer. \"Tammy?\" \"The fabrics all burnt away,\" Tammy finally replied. \"Okay, Andy, there should be Second Skin inside of my med kit, it's in a blue box,\" she could hear Andy rummaging around in her pack and she resisted the urge to turn around. She had to keep driving; she had to find somewhere that they would be safe. \"Found it!\" Andy declared triumphantly. \"Tammy,\" Scarlet began. \"I know what to do,\" Tammy said quickly, \"I took first aid two summers ago.\" Tammy snatched the box out of her brother's hands and tore it open; she glanced at Doyle's arm. The burn covered the top of Doyle's forearm in angry red splotches. Tammy looked at him and he winked, she couldn't help but to smile as she opened the first bandage. She carefully took Doyle's arm in her fingers and placed the 2nd Skin over the largest of the blisters. She felt a jerk and Doyle hissed out a short breath. Tammy made quick work of the rest of the burns and when she was finished she pressed a quick kiss across Doyle's forearm. \"I'm sorry,\" Tammy blurted, \"that's just what my mother…\" she felt her voice catch in her throat, \"used to do.\" She finished her sentence in a hushed tone. \"You don't have to apologize for that,\" Doyle said softly before turning back to Scarlet. She was clutching the steering wheel so tightly that her knuckles were white. When he reached out to lay a hand on her shoulder she jerked away. \"Don't ever do that to me again,\" she hissed taking a sharp right. She slammed on the breaks, as a large grey cloud of gas billowed before them. \"Turn, turn,\" Doyle barked, and suddenly a sound like firecrackers exploded behind them. Tammy screamed, \"They're shooting!\" Scarlet didn't think before she skidded around another corner and spotted something, a tunnel. \"A tunnel!\" Tammy cried, \"are you kidding me?\" \"If you have a better idea,\" Scarlet muttered as the car skidded into the dimly lit subway tunnel. \"Shit!\" Doyle cried as they bounced down the stairs, Doyle clutched the consol \"let's hope this piece of shit manages to hold together!\" \"That's not funny!\" Scarlet grunted as they finally reached the last step. She cut the engine. \"Let's go.\" Silence was the first thing that Scarlet noticed when she got out of the car. The silence was unnerving; it was the kind of silence that made your ears ring, the kind of silence that haunted. It was damned unnerving, that's what it was. Tammy latched on to the back of Scarlet's shirt and Doyle grabbed Andy's hand. Scarlet opened her mouth, and promptly clamped it shut. There was nothing to say, they had to somehow make it to the stadium, safety. There was only one thing that kept Scarlet going, at least they were together . --- End Note: I wonder if anyone will notice any similarities between this story and 28 Days Later , it's pretty subtle but it's there! If I continue this story, it will be like my story Closer to Fine , a series of stories loosely based on the movie. Thanks for reading! I hope that you enjoyed it![Chapter 2] Authors Note: This is long overdue. For anyone who still has this story on their story alerts, and comes back to read it – thank you! I'm just sorry that you had to wait so long! The soundtrack of this chapter was written to Dead is the New Alive by Emilie Autumn. It's worth a listen! Disclaimer : 28 Weeks Later belongs to its respective owners – no infringement is intended! Chapter 2: Dead is the new alive In hindsight, heading down into the subway tunnel, wasn't perhaps the best idea. But at the time, what other option did they have? Scarlet had slammed her foot on the gas, and all conscious thought beyond – get the hell out of here , flew from her mind. She remembered when she was in middle school, and her mother still insisted that they have a babysitter, Kendra would head outside for a smoke – or to make out with her boyfriend and Scarlet and her sister would turn on the TV, to some slasher movie (her sister's favourite) and she remembered watching as the victims would run upstairs, or into the basement and she would mentally scream what is the matter with you! It was like her father would say, 'shooting fish in a barrel'. Scarlet took a deep breath, and pushed those thoughts away – they were not helpful. She looked at Doyle, and without thinking she reached out and took his hand. His fingers were slick with sweat, but he didn't protest, and gave her fingers a tight squeeze before shouldering his rifle. \"Tammy, I need you and your brother to stand behind me.\" Scarlet felt Tammy's hand pull at the back of Scarlet's sweatshirt, and Scarlet gave Tammy what she hoped was a reassuring look. \"Don't worry; I'll be right behind you guys.\" Doyle touched Tammy's shoulder, \"Keep your eyes on me, and try to be quiet.\" Doyle was speaking in a whisper. \"We don't know what's down here.\" Tammy's clasped a hand over her mouth and grabbed Andy's hand with the other. Despite the fact that Tammy was trembling, she set her shoulders and took a deep breath. Scarlet wished, not for the first time, that things could have been different. These kids had been through so much – only to have any hope of normalcy ripped out from under them. It was cruel, and it left a sour taste in the back of Scarlet's throat. \"Scarlet, I need you to get behind me.\" Doyle's hand was steadying on her shoulder. \"Can you manage?\" It was a moot point, as they had no choice, but Scarlet nodded anyway. \"Do you still have your gun?\" Scarlet nodded, and fumbled for the bag that was still, miraculously, slung around her shoulders. She knew it was a stupid place to keep a gun, but in her frenzied hurry to get Tammy and Andy out of the lab, she stuffed it into her bag without thinking. She turned off the safety, and hoped that her hands would just stop shaking. \"Visibility is pretty good up here, but I don't imagine we'll be able to see anything down below. I need you to follow me, and step where I step. I don't care what you hear, or what you see.\" Doyle took Tammy's hand and secured it to the hem of his flak jacket. \"You need to hold on. We just need to get to the stadium.\" Scarlet knew that Doyle was putting on a brave front for Tammy and Andy, but she appreciated it nevertheless. She considered herself a strong person – but this was beyond anything she had even considered. Doyle grinned, his teeth bright against the soot that covered his face. \"Ready?\" \"No.\" Tammy huffed and they were off. Scarlet kept her gun trained in front of her – she knew that if anyone had followed them down that her handgun wouldn't be much help, but it was better than nothing and she refused to be helpless. She intentionally kept her eyes trained at the walls of the subway station – she didn't want to see the debris scattered on the ground, and let her mind dwell on the implication of a pram overturned by a dark patch in a corner. For the next few minutes, the only sound was their feet scuffing over the floor, and they only stopped when they reached the top of the escalators. Scarlet was thankful for the new surge of adrenaline that pumped through her body – she was barely aware of the ache in her leg, but she knew that when they had a chance to rest, she would have to properly take care of her injury. \"Go slowly,\" Scarlet's voice echoed through the station, she lowered her voice to whisper, \"Hold on carefully.\" Doyle paused at the top of the escalators to turn on the night vision camera. \"Tammy, sweetheart, I need you to go down first, and I'll cover you. It's okay, we got this.\" Tammy tentatively took a step on the escalator, and she managed only a few steps before a sickening crunch broke the silence. Tammy's shrill scream echoed down the tunnel and Doyle scrabbled to get a hold of her shirt. \"You're okay,\" Doyle's attention was on Tammy and he didn't notice that Andy still moving forward and Doyle didn't have time to warn Andy to watch where he stepped. Andy's foot crunched through someone's spine, and his ankle turned. Andy barely had a chance to cry out before he tumbled into darkness. Scarlet thought she had already lived through the worst experience of her life – everything she had worked so hard for, falling apart. The Code Red – watching helplessly as people she had sworn to protect were gunned down around her. But this? This was worse . Andy had tumbled into Tammy, and together they knocked into Doyle before summersaulting down the escalator. Doyle muttered an oath, and before Scarlet had a chance to think, she hurried down after them. She crouched down low, and gripped the handrail so tightly that she felt her nails cut through the rubber. \"Scarlet – no!\" Doyle's voice was muddled by Scarlet's panic, and her desperate need to make sure that they were okay. She ignored the urgency in his voice, and pushed forward. \"Andy! Tammy?\" Doyle muttered a curse, and hurried after her, just as he heard a strangled cry. \"Wait,\" Doyle shouted, \"hold your position.\" Doyle hadn't even taken a step before he heard Tammy scream. Bright white light burst before Scarlet's eyes, and she felt the butt of something sharp, cut open her forehead. The blood seeped down her face, and Scarlet didn't need a night vision camera to know that whoever was after her, wasn't alive – at least, not in the medical sense. The stench. She had smelled it just as she stumbled off the bottom of the escalator. She had just assumed that it was stagnant air, but now she could smell the distinct stench of burnt flesh, and putrefaction. There was another bright light – but this one didn't flash in front of Scarlet's eyes, it was coming from somewhere to the left. It was a beam of light – that shone right into the face of the infected. It was a man, and unless her eyes were deceiving her – it was Don. He was holding what looked like a billy club – Scarlet couldn't be sure, and she realized that it didn't really matter. So, this is it . A sound broke through her addled mind – it was the sound of someone screaming, it took a second but the screams finally formed words: The gun! Use your gun! Scarlet felt a momentary thrill, only to have her stomach drop to her feet with the realization that when the infected had struck her, she lost her gun and she had no way of finding it. Doyle fired a shot, and the infected didn't crumple. Don. They had only met briefly, but it really didn't feel right that this thing that was trying to bash in her skull should have a name. There was another shot, one that glanced off Don's shoulder – blood was a red flash in the beam of light and Scarlet rolled onto her side to avoid the spray. All the second warning shot did, was piss Don off, which she realized was exactly the plan. For the moment that Don was distracted, Scarlet managed to lash out and her boot caught Don in the back of the knee – the crunch of bone and an anguished howl told Scarlet she'd crippled her target. Which would have been fine – had her target not been blind to pain. The only thing crippling an infected did, was give them another reason to tear you apart. Doyle didn't think before he leapt, he raised the stock of his rifle, and he would have made it – except, Doyle forgot how fast the infected were. When the infected slammed the billy club into Doyle's jaw, he tasted blood, and when his body finally connected with the ground, he felt a skeleton's rib cage crack under his weight. That wasn't a feeling that he was going to forget for a long time. \"Son of –\" Doyle groaned, he flipped the flashlight in his hand, and slammed it down, his hand slicked with warm blood, that was a lot thicker than it should have been. \"Scarlet!\" Andy . \"Stay where you are.\" Doyle's heart lurched when he heard Scarlet's voice. If she was speaking that meant she was conscious and if she was conscious that meant that she was alive. \"Scarlet!\" \"Andy, no!\" The sound of feet running stopped at a doorway that was swathed in shadow. Andy's short, panting breaths could be heard. The infected paused, and Doyle felt as if he was missing something. \"Andy, don't move, don't –\" \"Dad?\" Doyle barely had a chance to process that before he saw a flash of blond hair across his line of vision. It took a moment for Scarlet's brain to catch up, but when she did, her voice caught in her throat as she watched Tammy heft Doyle's rifle into her arms. The first shot caught Don in the chest, and he flew back, but didn't hit the ground. The flash from the rifle was muted, but the sound reverberated across the tunnel, and Scarlet watched as Don jerked back once, then twice before finally crumpling onto the ground. Tammy stood stock still. Pointing the rifle where her father – or what was left of her father, had been standing seconds before. She was vaguely aware of a throbbing pain in her shoulder, she didn't want to think about what that meant – there would be time for pain later, when she had a chance to breathe but right now – she was barely aware of Doyle's fingers, which were surprisingly warm, brushing her hair out of her eyes. He was speaking to her softly, like she was a frightened animal that would spook if he spoke too loudly. It was only when his hand closed around hers that Tammy realized she was still holding the rifle in her hand and she dropped it onto the floor. Doyle bent down to pick it up, without taking his eyes off of Tammy. She didn't bolt, in fact, she didn't move at all, until he used the muzzle of the rifle to nudge Don's body. \"Is he dead?\" Her voice was devoid of emotion, and she let him wrap an arm around her shoulder and turn her around. Tammy plugged her ears as Doyle fired another shot – just to make sure Don wouldn't be following them anymore. \"Andy?\" Doyle shone his flashlight into the doorway and waited as Andy's feet appeared, and then with another step, his body. \"It's okay,\" Doyle said, and he turned to the platform to where Scarlet had managed to push herself into a sitting position. \"We need to get out of here, there's no telling what else is down here.\" \"That's a great idea,\" Scarlet's voice hitched, \"except, I'm not sure I can walk.\" Doyle trained his flashlight on Scarlet and he noticed the dark stain that had seeped through the leg of her pants. \"I think I tore it open when I fell.\" Doyle felt his stomach roil, and he swallowed, he crouched down, and motioned to Tammy. She padded over, and Doyle pulled off the satchel, and placed it in her hands. \"I need you to carry that for me Tammy, we're going to need it when we get to the stadium.\" Doyle turned his attention back to Scarlet. \"Andy?\" Tammy's voice was shrill, and her head was whipping around. \"Where is he?\" \"I don't know, I turned around and he was gone. Gone !\" Tammy's voice cracked, and when she broke into a sprint, Doyle called after her. \"This is going to hurt,\" Doyle told Scarlet, for the second time that day. Excruciating would have been a better way to put it, but Scarlet chomped down on her lip, and tried to keep up with Doyle without tripping. Tammy had bolted for the tunnel, and when they turned the corner they saw Tammy standing over Andy's crumpled body. Tammy watched his motionless body for a moment, before Doyle's boots stomping on the track brought her back to reality. \"He collapsed, I don't know what happened.\" \"Tammy?\" Scarlet glanced at Doyle, and his stricken look matched hers. Andy had been unaccounted for, for almost ten minutes – anything could have happened. Scarlet swallowed down the bile that rose in her throat – it wasn't possible, it wasn't . God, or fate, or whatever wasn't that cruel… \"Am I infected?\" Something in Andy's voice, broke something in Scarlet's chest, and this time she didn't fight the pressure behind her eyes, but let the hot tears spill down her cheeks. Tammy didn't hesitate before she crouched in front of Andy; he flinched when she took a hold of his face, but she held tight, and turned his face towards the light that was coming from the end of the tunnel. Tammy's breath came out in a whoosh, and her throat was so thick with emotion that she had to swallow twice before speaking. \"No.\" This time Andy didn't fight Tammy when as she gathered him into her arms. \"You and me, Andy,\" she kept whispering over and over. Scarlet wasn't sure how long they stayed, crouched in the dark tunnel before Andy wiped his face with the cuff of his jacket. \"We need to move out.\" \"Where will we go?\" Scarlet asked, she had dried her tears, but her voice gave her away. \"Anywhere is better than here.\" Tammy said flatly. She was hugging herself, and she was still shaking. Tears had tracked down her cheeks, and she brushed them away impatiently. In the chaos, Doyle hadn't had a chance to check to see if Scarlet had a concussion, but he didn't want to stay down in the tunnel any longer than was necessary. He wrapped an arm around Scarlet's waist, and Scarlet tucked her face into his neck, he took a deep breath. \"I need you to stay with me,\" Doyle brushed her hair out of her face, noticing for the first time that half of her face was covered in blood. \"You can't get rid of me that easily.\" \"Noted,\" Doyle grunted, as he hefted Scarlet to her feet, he noticed that this time, she was leaning most of her weight against him. \"Is the stadium far?\" Tammy demanded. \"We need to find shelter for a few hours and regroup,\" Doyle secured his grip on Scarlet's waist. \"I just hope that Flynn will wait.\" End Note: I hope that you enjoyed this chapter – this story has been at the back of my mind for months, nagging me, and I finally was inspired to write another chapter. I really hope that you enjoyed this chapter – it's the first time I've written something in months, so be gentle! Constructive criticism is always welcome. ","Summary":" Across the Sky: A 28 Weeks Later Fan fiction. Rating: T Summary: A story about what could have been"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Brothers","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12384353","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Brothers You were the spoiled pup and I was the newcomer You treated me with little to know respect Max Even though I gave you all my heart and soul Right then and there you simply turned your back on me And said you didn't want to do anything with me and instead treated me like your own personal slave Watching to make sure that I didn't do anything wrong so I wouldn't get sent away After arguing about every little stupid thing left right and center So one thing led to another and you and I Max went on one crazy adventure into Brooklyn Trying to get away from some crazy pets on intend of doing us arm and get back home in one piece Now we don't argue as much as we did before and now we are brothers till the end of time And now we are inseparable and wouldn't have it any other way ","Summary":" Brothers You were the spoiled pup and I was the newcomer You treated me with little to know respect"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"La Pasión de Los Perros","Author":"Saffron Panther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12455190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The nonexistent camera slowly descends from the ceiling of the lush apartment living room. Atop the white couch that steals its focus, a white Pomeranian–our dear heroine Gidget, with a little pink bow–awakens from her morning nap. While she stretches her forelegs, the curtains pull back, permitting just the right amount of sunlight into the room. She blinks and smiles as the title– LA PASIÓN DE LOS PERROS, in a pink, Blackradder ITC-like font – fades into the nearby wall. Her ears pleasantly ring with a tasteful saxophone piece. Our dear heroine moves from the couch towards a stack of pillows stacked beneath the window. With a cute little grunt, she leaps atop the stack and settles before the glass. Across the way, her eyes fall upon another apartment. Just in time, too! Here comes Max, walking so gracefully into the room. A white and brown terrier of such confidence! Gidget sighs and gently strokes the window with her right forepaw. \" Mi amor, my Max,\" Gidget whispers in an affected Hispanic accent. \"The way he walks into a room with those four strong legs, the way he smiles, the way he so gallantly assists his owner…\" On cue, Gidget's heroic interpretation of Max assists his human owner, Kaite. He reveals her lost cell phone, television remote, and heavy bag of money–all from under her couch and all with a heroic flair. Katie beams and lifts Max in the air. He licks her face. She laughs. Gidget flutters out another, far more romantic sigh. But, after a few tragic seconds of reflection, she dramatically turns from the window. \"When do I tell him? How do I tell him? How do I confess my love to the dog whose kindly deeds and athletic figure fill my heart with delight? How? HOW?\" For her nonexistent television audience, Gidget feigns a swoon and brushes the back of her right forepaw over her forehead. Behind her, Max somehow, heroically lifts the couch to reveal more lost effects, to Katie's joy. Gidget's face eases. The tasteful saxophone returns to her ears, underscoring her grand recovery! \" My time will come!\" she declares, pumping her right forepaw with resolve. \"One day, I will tell my Max, my brave and noble canine, just how much he means to me! One day, he will end these pains that torment my poor heart! And one day, I will–!\" \" You're doing it, again,\" says a blunt, offscreen voice. The saxophone music abruptly stops. Gidget's face falters. The sardonic source of the intrusion is revealed! The nonexistent camera moves to reveal the fat cat, trying to crawl into the apartment through another window. She flips over and lands onto her back. A Spanish laugh track, never before employed in the history of this programa, erupts in Gidget's ears, while the cat struggles to get back onto her feet… The white Pomeranian chuckled nervously. \"Uh…how much of that did you hear?\" Chloe stared impassively. \"The whole thing. I'd say I'm concerned, but it's not really any of my business. Although the theme music's new.\" Gidget stared at her forepaws, fighting hard not to blush. She turned back to the window. Unlike her telenovela projection of reality, Max simply ran and barked around Katie's legs like an excited puppy. The couch remained where it was, perhaps still hiding her lost effects. Although the heavy bag of money seemed doubtful. Chloe rolled her eyes, but remained where she was. Despite the sarcastic front, a little part of her was concerned about Gidget's…habits. That was probably the best word for it, since \"obsession\" probably would rile the pampered puffball. Nevertheless, she remained stonefaced where she stood, while Gidget attempted to recompose herself and smoothen out her fur. She actually thinks he's gonna notice, Chloe thought, while Gidget straightened her bow. Well, I guess if it helps her through the day. Dogs are so needy. Across from them, Katie departed through the front door, leaving Max to wait obediently for her return. Gidget took a few deep breaths and readied to unlatch and raise the window. So would begin Unsuccessful Attempt Number…she lost count at this point. Oh, well, that didn't matter. What mattered was that she remained determined, which would surely push her so much closer to that one special day! Gidget's forepaws settled on the latch. \"You realize he's not gonna look over, right?\" Gidget paused, before turning back to Chloe. \"What do you mean?\" The cat sighed. \"Call me crazy, but I doubt he's gonna look over, notice that little bow of yours, and fall head over heels.\" Gidget's face faltered. \"It could happen. I just need to be patient. I need to wait for the right moment.\" \"You need to get out of this place and actually go to him, if you're serious about this.\" The Pomeranian paused. Leave the apartment? Was the time right for that? No, she couldn't leave. The time wasn't right. Besides, if she left, she wouldn't get back in time for the daily capítulo of La Pasión de la Pasión . Or the perfect seating for her viewing of Max's daily walk. Leave the apartment? Pfft. Absurd. The time just wasn't right. Chloe shook her head and uprooted herself. She had been to Gidget's place before, and knew there was always some delectable dish hiding in the fridge. Her last visit scored her a rotisserie chicken with garlic-roasted potatoes. The cat stepped across the kitchen floor and approached the stylistic black obelisk of a refrigerator. She propped open the door and stared in awe at a generous sushi rack in plain sight. Gidget resumed watching Max, who was caught in his own daily ritual of monitoring the door for Katie's return. A little smile crept back onto her face. When the time was right, she would definitely tell Max that she admired his determination. Sure, she loved her owners, as well, who fed her gourmet food, gave her a special seat at the table, and valued her input on New York politics. But Max's devotion shone in such a way that it exceeded hers. Something was really admirable about that, the way he'd attentively wait for Katie to return. So cute. As was that little butt of his, but Gidget would never admit that . At least, not yet. Maybe I should try something new , the Pomeranian considered. I usually just ask him how he's doing. I mean, I don't want to disturb his important work, but maybe Chloe's right. He really doesn't seem to notice. As Gidget contemplated this, Chloe ascended to the marble counter and stretched her comically thin legs to reach the sushi rack. Much to her horror, the fish-smelling tray of delights almost went spiraling to the floor. Unnoticed by Gidget, Chloe successfully landed her catch, took a deep breath, and began to inhale its contents. The cat paused only for a moment, to regard a strange dab of green. Wiping away a couple rice grains growing a mustache under her nose, Chloe lapped it up. On cue, Gidget conveniently resumed her reverie, sighing and smiling fondly at Max. Behind her, Chloe violently gagged and convulsed, knocking the precious sushi rack into the sink. The fat cat grabbed at her face, suddenly overheated by the cursed dab of green. She coughed and slammed her forelegs against the marble countertop, nearly toppling a high-end blender. Chloe clutched at her inflamed throat and dramatically fell backwards into the sink. And the pièce-de-résistance concluded with her errant hindleg kicking on the cold water. The Pomeranian snapped out of her daydream, just as Chloe was wrapping her mouth around the faucet head. She let out a little sigh and lowered her face to her forepaws. Max continued watching the door, quietly talking to himself. Gidget had heard him often enough that she followed his lead with a sad sigh. \"I miss her so much.\" Who could blame him? From what she had seen, Katie was a pretty devoted human… The reasons varied as to why Max had boldly walked onto the fire escape outside, on such a terrible day. Some said it was because Sweetpea was chased by an angry seagull. Some said it was because Mel had nearly chased a bouncing red ball to his doom. And a minority said it was because some bird had dared to try and defecate on his beloved owner. Whatever the reason, Max bravely charged out onto the fire escape for this bold adventure. But, woe, his daring act was rewarded not with praise and hugs and licks from his secret admirer, but by a closed window. His owner gone, Max was trapped on the fire escape as rain started to pour. He barked, loud and strong, and pounded his gallant forelegs against the glass. But, alas, the canine hero just could not achieve shelter from the storm. And this was after he ran around in circles and shielded his head–surely as an extension of his brave plan. Gidget watched helplessly, brushing one forepaw against the glass. Her forelegs jabbed at the latch. She had to help him! She had to call out to him! Or, better yet, she had to offer him shelter in her home! She had to do something! Anything! Unfortunately, a crack of cruel thunder and lightning broke our young heroine's resolve, and sent her fleeing behind the couch. She recovered, and saw that courageous Max was still on the fire escape. He was calm, patiently waiting by the window even as rain continued to bombard his back. Gidget's heart rose. Even with the wicked weather blasting in the distance, Max didn't try to hide. (Not that he had a lot of places to hide, but you get my point.) He was just so brave! And his valiant efforts were not in vain. Like magic, his human returned far earlier than expected. Why? No one was sure. (Who could predict the behavior of humans?) But as she reappeared, Max made another heroic effort to resound his loud, strong bark against the weather. The rain picked up, and Max only got louder and stronger. His human saw him quickly and unlatched the window. Soon, our young hero had been safely returned into the apartment. And, her heart elated, Gidget watched as his owner rewarded her Max with a warm blanket and they sat together on the couch. Such devotion… Gidget smiled. Chloe, in the meantime, managed to pull herself out of the sink and walked towards Gidget. She settled herself to the dog's left and licked her right foreleg. \"So, just the usual stalker routine?\" Gidget turned to Chloe to glare, but couldn't help but stare at the slice of tuna sashimi clinging to her temple. \"Um…\" The cat glanced up and swatted at the sashimi slice, until it peeled away from her fur and landed on the floor. Chloe wasted no time in devouring it, and resumed her usual look. \"Your people are sadists.\" Gidget resisted chuckling. \"You ate the wasabi, didn't you?\" Chloe's stoic demeanor briefly permitted a disgusted grimace. \"Humans. They find new ways to torture themselves.\" She glanced over towards Max. What a surprise. He's still there. Dogs. She turned back to Gidget. \"So, when is that one day gonna come?\" The Pom once again fought the blush rising in her cheeks. \"Um, well, that was just…I like to think about what might happen, all right?\" She stared at her forepaws like an ashamed pup. Chloe eased a little. \"Relax, I'm just wondering. But you're gonna have to tell him, one of these days.\" \"I know.\" Gidget shifted her forepaws. Her muzzle shuddered a little. \"Chloe, am I a stalker?\" The cat's stoic demeanor permitted another uneasy expression. \"Well…I guess not technically, since you don't leave your place. You do watch him a lot, though. And I've heard you claim he was your boyfriend, at least once.\" A nervous chuckle died in Gidget's throat. \"Maybe I did exaggerate a little.\" Chloe resumed her stonefaced expression and looked at Max. Across the way, Max had broken his usual doorwatching routine with an erratic run around the apartment. Perhaps Gidget couldn't be blamed too much, when the object of her affections was also lost in his own little world. Although his likely didn't try to emulate those melodramatic human TV shows. The cat sighed. \"I'm gonna regret this, but how do you think that special day will go down?\" Gidget's face eased into a little smile. \"I'm not one-hundred-percent, but I think it'll start with some sweet music.\" The saxophone music from before pipes into the room. Chloe looks at the ceiling, growing increasingly concerned where this is going. Behind them, the window magically opens, allowing more heavenly light to pour inside. \" I'll know the special day…\" Gidget declares, once again affecting a Hispanic accent for this moment, \"when I hear his voice calling for me…\" \" Why are you talking like that?\" the worried cat asks. But before Gidget can explain her inexplicable accent change, it happens! From outside, Max calls to her! He actually calls to her! \"Gidget! GIH-JEEEEEEEET!\" And before Chloe can turn around, Gidget excitedly, righteously runs to the window, nearly knocking the fat cat onto her back. The nonexistent camera moves out, giving us a breathtaking (and possibly quite acrophobic) shot between the two apartment windows. Max leans expectantly (and uncharacteristically) outside his window. Gidget follows his example, her face utterly adorable and jubilant (and marketable, too). The Juliet sees her Romeo! And her tail wags! Max makes the first move, using the most Louis C.K. suave tone he can muster. \"Hey, there.\" Gidget responds with a simple, incredibly Jenny Slate flirty, \"Hey.\" Max brushes his right forepaw along the sill. An irresistibly sexy smile curls onto his face. Can our poor Juliet handle this intensity? \"Gidget, we've been neighbors for so long, now. But I now realize we're too far apart…\" Barely able to restrain herself, our dear heroine replies with a simple, \"Yes?\" His smile now sly and award-winning, Max nods. \"Let's fix that, shall we?\" Our dear heroine's mind is nearly blown! All she can respond with is a simple, \"YES!\" Max nods and slips back into the apartment. But before Gidget's mind can even entertain any evil doubts about his character, he returns in a flash, crouches low, and leaps through the open air. Everything in this cherished moment slows down. But the recording studio, at Gidget's personal (and insistent) request, puts emphasis on his waving ears. And his outstretched forelegs. And how effortlessly he crosses the distance between– \" You know he can't jump that far.\" The perfect moment ruined by the fat cat's unwelcome reality check, the scene completely freezes. Max perpetually hangs halfway between the two apartments, handsome brown eyes turning glossy and doll-like. Gidget's look of excitement unfreezes into a disappointed frown. \"Well, I'm sure he could. But how about…?\" Our dear heroine gets a do-over. The scene resets, returning her Romeo to the relative safety of his apartment. Before those evil doubts can once again try to sway her, Max, with a couple very heroic grunts, returns with a bridge cobbled out of everyday items. Gidget steps back and watches. One end, edged with forks and a repurposed grabber, perfectly clicks onto her windowsill. What ingenuity! Flashing her that award-winning smile, Max grandly makes his way across. \" Just a little something I put together in my spare time,\" he humbly explains. \"And it's all recycled from things Katie doesn't use anymore. I just had to wait for the right moment.\" Gidget eagerly awaits her beloved. Her forepaws stamp with anticipation. He's halfway across! Soon, he'll be with her, where he belongs! \" Since when has Max ever done something like that?\" At the sound of the cruel cat's voice, a yardstick, serving as one of the bridge's main supports, suddenly snaps in half. Max's suave demeanor breaks into an all-too-familiar OH CRAP expression. The scene freezes just as the bridge gives way. Gidget watches in utter HORROR as Max starts to fall– \" CHLOE!\" \"I'm just saying. He's not the most inventive dog out there,\" Chloe replied. Gidget sighed, trying to calm herself. \"I know, but…you asked.\" \"I know, and I said I know I'd regret it.\" Chloe's stonefaced expression eased. \"Listen, I know he means a lot to you. Dogs can be needy creatures–no offense. But you have to admit, he barely even notices you exist.\" The Pomeranian hung her head. \"I know. But Max has helped others, before. He got you down from those curtains, when your claws got stuck. He rescued Sweetpea, when you tried to eat him.\" Gidget briefly shot the cat an accusatory glare. Chloe rolled her eyes. They're never gonna let that go, are they? Gidget stepped down from the window and paced around the room. \"Max is a good dog. And maybe he doesn't quite notice me the way I'd want him to–not that there's anything wrong with that–, but I'm not gonna give up. I just…I don't know when that day'll come.\" The cat's face slackened into a sympathetic frown. \"I'm sorry, but that day's only gonna come if you do something about it.\" Gidget considered. An idea crossed into her cute, little brain. Chloe watched with caution as the Pomeranian's eyes and smile widened. \"What are you thinking?\" \"Of course! I should have known all along! A grand romantic gesture–that's exactly what I need! Like when Alejandro braved through a vicious storm to save Elena, when her boat got stranded on the waves! Yes, of course!\" The cat stared. \"And what, exactly, would you do as a \"grand romantic gesture\"?\" Chloe immediately regretted her words, as Gidget darted towards her. \"I know just the thing! I gotta rescue him! Just like I could have done that one time, when he was stuck out in the rain, but couldn't! If I rescue Max, he'll notice me, and I'll impress him, and it'll be so great!\" \"And how exactly would you do that?\" Chloe then slapped her forepaws over her mouth, as Gidget's face beamed. Me and my big mouth. Inexplicably, Gidget now stands atop the edge of the roof, looking down as the weather rages around her. She's completely undeterred by the rain and wind upsetting her finely groomed fur and bow. Chloe, her unwilling accomplice, stares in utter terror at the sudden change of scenery. Especially as a massive lightning bolt streaks across the sky, spooking the poor fat cat into hitting the deck. Oh, no! Below, Gidget spots her beloved Max on the fire escape, just like that fateful day. He tries bravely-but vainly to get back inside his apartment. Unfortunately, a lightning bolt strikes the upper supports of the fire escape. With a terrible jerk, it begins to buckle under his weight and leans dangerously outward. NO, this cannot be! Fear not! Gidget stomps her right forepaw with resolve. \"Don't worry, Max!\" she calls against the storm. \"I'm coming!\" Chloe recovers soon enough to spot Gidget making her dramatic, promo-worthy leap off the roof. Much to her own surprise, the fat cat darts after her without a second thought. \"Gidget, what are you doing?!\" Fully concentrated on rescuing her beloved Max, Gidget expertly navigates her way down. She lands atop and jumps off bricks that jut out! She grinds fire escape railings, sparks firing beneath her forepaws! She bounces off a miniature American flag pole, gallantly flying as the banner waves grandly behind her. (Above her, however, Chloe's performance is less than stellar. She slips from the bricks and railings, and then fails to cling to the flag pole for dear life.) For a moment, the Pomeranian's mind is riddled with fear. But no matter! Gidget is getting closer to her beloved Max! \"Hold on, Max! I'm almost there!\" On the fire escape, the terrier stares in surprised awe of the oncoming Pomeranian. His justified concentration on her breathtaking performance causes him to slide obliviously towards the lightning-broken gap. (Sure, he's likely just happy someone's coming for him. But let's let Gidget have her moment, shall we?) \"Gidget?!\" he beams. Nodding in turns, Gidget employs an expert use of slow motion in her final descent towards Max. (Thanks to the lighting department for the angelic glow! Nice touch, guys!) Max's eyes and smile widen. The Romeo finally realizes her heavenly grace! (And, yes, his tail wags.) The slow motion eases Gidget's perfect landing atop the fire escape railing–just light enough to defy physics and prevent further breaking. Profoundly grateful, Max calls, \"You're here!\" Tears line his heartwarming brown eyes. Her moment has come. With a heroic, loving voice, Gidget replies, \"I'm always here for you, Maxie.\" The utterly grateful Max leans in close. Even as the fire escape comes dangerously close to capsizing, Gidget takes this moment to balance herself on the railing for that perfect kiss! The one that will forever seal their love! And litter billboards across the country! Unfortunately, for love and the advertising department, the moment is spectacularly ruined by Chloe, who collapses right atop the railing. Physics exacts its wicked revenge on Gidget, violently snapping the fire escape completely off the wall. Max slides the other way, desperately scraping his claws against the metal. Gidget, righteously horrified–and angry at her missed kiss scene–, dives down for him. Unfortunately, her forelegs fall just short of reaching him. With a bloodcurdling scream, Max plummets into the gap. \" MAX!\" Gidget screams against the storm. Chloe shakes her head and tries to find a way out of this demented fantasy. Gidget glares at the acrophobe's nightmare below her and leaps towards the gap that DARED to claim her beloved Max. The fat cat gasps and grabs for the Pomeranian's tail. Much to her surprise, her claws make contact…only to then drag her through the gap, too. Utterly terrified, Chloe looked around for anyone who could save her from this nightmare. \"Someone stop her! This is insane! Someone! Anyone!\" Her eyes briefly meet with yours. \"YOU! YOU READING THIS! YOU GOTTA STOP HER! SHE'S CRAZY!\" The cat's fourth wall break is cut short, returning to Gidget's determined descent towards Max. The slow motion returns with a vengeance, steadying each drop of rain as the Juliet catches up to her Romeo. One breaks across the bridge of her muzzle, forcing her to shield her eyes–but only for a moment!–before she continues. She bounces between the buildings, unwittingly knocking poor Chloe against the walls. Despite this, the cat hangs on. (And for a few seconds, Mel, that one pug, makes a cameo shot in a window, smiling obliviously. But he doesn't have anything to do with this story, so that tidbit is irrelevant.) Argh! Max is so tantalizingly close, despite nearly colliding with a few potted plants on the way down! He extends his left forepaw towards Gidget. (Another potential shot for the billboards, surely.) Below him, the ground gets menacingly closer and closer. His scream, unfittingly, is comically dragged out by the slow motion. (Talk to the guys about that, okay?) Despite that, Gidget extends her right forepaw, a mere inch away from his. After a bit of swinging, their forepaws make contact. The slow motion loses its effect on Max's voice. \" Gidget!\" \" Max!\" Unfortunately, her forepaw slips. Gidget screams as Max quickly resumes his descent. She narrows her eyes and propels herself forward. Nothing will stop her! Nothing will– Gidget blinked just in time to realize she was flying towards the window. She uttered a small scream as she collided with the glass. Pain shot around her nose and head. Her eyes spun around. An unpleasant thud echoed through her ears. The stack of pillows collapsed underneath her and scattered. After what felt like ages flying through the air, Gidget turned and struck the carpet. Chloe shook her head and quickly moved over to the collapsed Pomeranian. Although she was still reeling from Gidget's oblivious run around her place, the cat remained focused. She pushed her right forepaw against Gidget's head. No response. Chloe glanced up at the window and winced at the ugly, Gidget-shaped smear. Beneath her forepaw, Gidget's bow started to slip away. Fighting every feline urge to bat at it, Chloe lightly shook her friend. \"Gidget? Gidge? You still with us?\" She flew into a window. She's not gonna die from that. Chloe ignored her sarcastic mind at work. \"Gidget?\" A soft sob replied. Chloe carefully stepped away. A few seconds later, the sobbing got a little louder. A few seconds after that, Gidget lifted herself onto her paws. The bow dipped down her forehead until it landed on the bridge of her muzzle. Gidget angrily shook it off, tossing the bow against the wall. Hot tears clung to the edges of her eyes. The cat sighed and took a couple cautious steps towards her. \"Listen–\" Gidget shook her head. \"No, you were right, Chloe. It doesn't matter. He's never gonna notice me. And all I'm doing is getting myself hurt.\" \"Well, I didn't say that , exactly,\" Chloe started, until the Pom shot her an annoyed glare. The cat relented. \"Okay, you got a little carried away, and you flew into a window. It's not like you actually broke something.\" Gidget's glare eased, but the tears didn't subside. \"I guess. I'm sorry I got carried away. It's just…I wish I could do something like that. I mean, Max would like me if I did, wouldn't he?\" Chloe shrugged–as best as a shoulderless cat like her could. \"I can't say. Between \"Katie this\" and \"Katie that\", you've got some competition for his attention.\" She frowned as Gidget lowered her face towards the floor. \"Not that I'm saying you should give up, or anything. I mean, yeah, you're gonna have to tell him, one of these days. But it doesn't have to be right now. Just when you're ready.\" The Pomeranian didn't look up or answer her. \"Gidget? Did you hear me?\" Eventually, a quiet \"Yes\" replied. Chloe relaxed. Gidget lifted her face from the floor and managed a little smile. The fat cat returned one, before resuming her usual stonefaced expression. Gidget brushed her right foreleg over her face, wiping away tears and smoothening out her fluffy fur. She laughed a little, thinking about how funny she must have looked, leaping towards a window to rescue her beloved Max without realizing it was closed. Her nose still stung a bit, but at least she could laugh about that. Picking her bow off the floor and readjusting it into its proper place, Gidget restacked the pillows and readied to unlatch the window. Maybe, just maybe, Max might have heard that. Then again, was that really how she wanted to get his attention? No, it didn't seem right…but if he did notice, that'd be good. Gidget smiled and looked out. Max was staring intently at the door, still awaiting Katie's return. The Pomeranian's heart sank. She sighed and rested her face atop her forepaws. Maybe Max really wasn't gonna notice her, after all. Suppose she could– \"Gidget?\" She looked up. Max was now positioned near his window, with a concerned look on his face. The Pom stared. \"Gidget, are you okay? I heard you run into that window. It sounded like it hurt. Are you all right?\" \"I'm fine,\" Gidget choked out, still not believing this was happening, but also not caring. \"Thank you.\" Max's concerned expression eased into a relieved smile. \"Thank goodness. I wouldn't want you to get hurt.\" Gidget returned his smile. \"That's sweet of you, Max.\" The terrier chuckled. Gidget mentally added it to the list of things she liked about him. \"Thanks. Anyway, I gotta make sure I'm ready for when Katie gets back. But it's good to see you're all right. See ya, Gidget.\" \"See ya, Max.\" And, with that, Max resumed his usual doorwatching duties. Gidget took a few seconds to process what had happened. Max was concerned about her well-being. Well, of course he was concerned about the well-being of his friends, but he actually noticed her. Sure, not the way she would want him to notice her, but that worked, right? Her fluffy tail wagged and her little heart rose. Sensing the crisis had been averted, Chloe returned to the sink to salvage whatever was left of the precious sushi rack. A little water wasn't too bad (most of it used to be fish, anyway), but, much to her horror, the evil wasabi had smeared all over the remaining bits of tuna rolls and sashimi. The fat cat's face sank with resignation. \"He noticed me! He noticed! Max actually asked me if I was okay!\" Gidget began, running and jumping throughout the apartment. Despite her disappointment, even Chloe managed a little smile. Which promptly died when Gidget jump-scared her with a bark, knocking the cat into the sink, once more. That evil, sadistic wasabi smeared between her eyes. \"I'm so happy for you,\" Chloe intoned in the flattest voice she could muster. \"Thank you, Chloe!\" Gidget replied, obliviously. \"You were right! I just had to do something! I mean, it was an awkward sort of something, because I hurt myself, but he did notice me! He asked me if I was okay! That special day's coming! It's coming!\" The fat cat carefully rose from the sink, wondering how she would get the evil wasabi off her face. That problem resolved itself when she accidentally triggered the cold water. Still elated, Gidget returned to the window and resumed her fond watching of Max. He noticed. He actually noticed. That was good. That was great. More than great. She was just so happy. Sure, it wasn't the special day, yet, but it would be much closer, now. Much closer. And the little Pomeranian thought her heart would stop when Max turned to regard her with a friendly smile, before returning to the good cause. \"He noticed…\" Gidget murmured as she sank into the topmost pillow. \"Max…\" Chloe, managing to recover from both the evil wasabi and evil water, propped herself onto the counter. \"Great. Now just tell him how you feel, and you'll be golden.\" She wasn't sure if that was sarcastic or not. \"Oh, I will. When I'm ready. But I wonder, what would be a grand, romantic gesture to show him how I truly feel?\" \"Well, you can rule out rescuing him.\" Gidget chuckled. \"Yeah, me, rescue Max? Like that would ever happen…\" Chloe's eyes widened. \"Wait, I wasn't trying to–!\" The nonexistent camera rises to the top of the Brooklyn Bridge at night. It's a breathtaking shot of New York lights dotting the landscape and water. But for now, the focus shifts to two dogs sitting together. A determined Gidget and an eternally grateful Max nuzzle each other–still slightly dripping from Gidget's offscreen-but-still-really-awesome, climatic dive to rescue Max from the New York Harbor waters. (We kinda blew our budget on the fire escape sequence. Sorry about that.) \" What would I do without you, Gidget?\" he asks, still oh so eternally grateful. Trying her hardest not to squee, Gidget replies, \"Well, someone had to. For Katie's sake.\" Max chuckles and slowly licks her right cheek. Gidget giggles and buries her face against his neck. As they become more and more affectionate, the nonexistent pulls back, revealing more details of the Brooklyn Bridge lit up by the now full moon. The pleasing saxophone music pipes in, no longer limited to Gidget's ears. \" Hey! Hey, Gidget!\" Chloe, inexplicably, hangs from one of the suspenders. The fat cat wills herself not to look down. \"Gidget, your imagination is gonna get us both killed!\" Fortunately for her (or not), the scene slowly fades out, and the pink credits begin to roll. ","Summary":" The nonexistent camera slowly descends from the ceiling of the lush apartment living room. Atop the"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Historia de Max","Author":"Fanfic Corp. Animation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13059426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Todo comienza en 1979, cuando BMG Music, en Londres cuando Dan (1963) y Sam (1959) Houser, no solo eran atraidos por el mundo de la musica, sino también del cine, por su influencia de su madre (Geraldine Moffat), en 1981, se encontraron en Nueva York, un Americano, que sus padres eran Mexicanos (Jack Cook) que buscaba un inicio de una empresa de cine y television dueño de 20 computadoras para animar, Sam y Dan, se ocurrieron fundar el 20 de abril de 1981, Cambridge Animation Technology Study (Estudio técnico de Animacion de Cambridge), fueron contratados 30 empleados y 20 animadores entre 1982 y 1984, pero por la crisis de los 80's no pudieron invertir en algo, fue en algo inútil, hasta en 1985, debido a la baja demanda, el estudio fue cerrado. Debido a esto fueron acerca de 100 personas a la quiebra y Sam, Dan y Jack veian sus sueños frustrados, pero nueva mente se reanudo el 19 de Noviembre de 1985, pero se unio junto con Chris Meledandri, junto su compañia ( Computer technical studies of Santa Monica)(Estudios tecnicos computacionales de Santa Monica), se fundaron el 1 de Junio de 1986, Illumination Entertainment. Durante el mundial de Mexico 86', Jack, queria empezar a crear una animación, pero necesitaba originalidad, no como otras compañias que hacian concursos o encuestas, Jack creo a sus dos perros que tenia en Ciudad de México, en animados, el primero era un Jack Russell Terier, y el segundo era un Terier escocés negro, los llevo en Nueva York, y fue elegido a Jack Russell Terier por un 72%, fue el 8 de Julio de 1986, cuando le nombraron Max, y se creo la primera animacion de la compañía, al ver esto, Columbia Pictures adquirio a Illumination Entertainment, por un 50% el 20 de julio de 1986, en esto la compañia no podia caer, quedo al mando por Dan houser. Illumination Entertainment, tenian a Max desde 1986, 1987, y en 1988, se creo su primera película, siendo distribuida por Warner Bros. Pictures, llamado Misión Berlín, que fue estrenado el 18 de noviembre de 1988, pero el protagonista era Napoleon Solo e Ilay Kuwani, fue en ese entonces que han creado al hermano de Max, uniendo el nombre de la Familia Kuwanis, mientras que Max, solo salio en cameo, pero se crearon al amigo de Max, llamado Duke, que en esa pelicula se pasa como el villano, ver el exito que se llevo la película, Sony se intereso en el mundo del cine y la televisión, Sony aquirio a Columbia Pictures, junto con sus asociados como TriStar Pictures Stuidos y a Illumination Entertainment, con esto se creo Sony Pictures, el 17 de Marzo de 1989, Max se mantenia su programa y su existencia en los años 1989, 1990, y en 1991, se creo la quinta película Los Angeles The Best City, y de nuevo aparece Max como Cameo, en 1992, salio otro llamado Street City, que parece Max casi amenudo pero era Recurente, en 1993, empezó su ausencia, debido a problemas de animación y asu vez sufriendo una copia de Max creado en Walt Disney Compañy, debido a esto, Sony y Walt Disney tuvieron una Gran Rivalidad, pero fue derrocado en 1996, resucitando de nuevo pero bajo el nombre de Jack Maximiliano Kuwani, en 1997 tuvo otra ausencia, pero es porque debido a que Sam y Dan Houser, entraron al mundo de los video juegos en 1991, en ese año se crea Rockstar Games para 1998. En ese mismo año regresa, teniendo éxito entre una conexión en el juego de Grand Theft Auto, pero al final siguio hasta en 1999, en el año 2000, tuvo otra ausencia en el inicio del milenio, porque trataban de mejoralo y aparte Walt Disney saco su otra entrega, por lo cual decidieron ausentarlo, pero en el 2001 regreso y a su vez Sam y Dan Houser tuvieron tanto exito en sus juegos de Rockstar Games, dejando el liderasco a Jack Cook, siguio en los años 2002, 2003, pero en el 2004, empezaron a reunirse para crear su primera película desde 18 años de su existencia, y su película se estrenaria el 12 de febrero del año 2006, olvidando la vida del GTA, su película se llamaria Al-Qaeda, y sera creada por Illumination Entertainment y Sony Animation, pero el 16 de abril del 2005, se cambiaria de fecha de estreno al 8 de Julio del 2006, conmemorando sus 20 años de existencia, pero lamentablemente el 1 de febreo del 2006, la película estaba lista, pero algunos criticos de Columbia Pictures evaluaron lo malo de esa pelicula, la animación estaba avanzada para esa época, pero el argumento era malisimo, representaba terrorismo, y ademas aburria casi toda la película te podias dormir, antes que fuera evaluda por Rotten Tomatoes, decidieron eliminarla, por esto Illumination Entertainment, dejo la motivación, y empezaban a escasear películas o historias, y empeoramiento fue el 16 de Septiembre de 2006 a sus 53 años de edad, fallecio Jack Cook, de Cancer en el pulmón, dejando a Illumination Entertainment, apunto de la banca rota, pero Chris Meledandri tomo acargo el 20 de septiembre del 2006, en el año 2007, Illumination Entertainment hace una estupidez, rompiendo el trato con Sony y Columbia Pictures, dejando fuera e Illumination Entertainment se une a Universal dias despues, siendo adquirido, pero no produjo películas hasta el 2010 y Max desaparecio, estas fueron las películas estrenadas para Universal Pictures: Despicable Me (2010), Hop (2011), Lorax: En busca de la trúfula perdida (2012), Despicable Me 2 (2013), Minions (2015) y Alpha and Omega (2015), en el año 2011 Sam y Dan regresan a ver como esta el estudio y lo ven como una obra de arte se convirtió en basura, sorprendidos de lo que paso en los ultimos años desde que se mudaron a Rockstar Games en el 2001, pudieron salvando a Max, que fue extraido de Illumination Entertainment y se uniria a Columbia Pictures, Max ha resusitado despues de una larga ausencia de 5 años, pero en el 2012, volvio a desaparecer porque Sam y Dan, pensaron que han dejado la compañia abandonada, para que Chris Meledandri lo dominara y crearan películas mediocres, tendiendo una taza maxima de 73%, en el 2014, Sam y Dan Houser, empezaron a Negociar a Chris Meledandri. El 24 de enero de 2014, la película fue anunciada para comenzar su producción, nuevamente otra oportunidad dejando en el olvido el desastre del 2006, con Louis Cook, su hijo de Jack Cook, Eric Stonestreet de regreso despues de hacer la voz del Malvado Duke en Mision Berlin, Kevin Hart establecidos para interpretar a los personajes principales. El 16 de junio de 2014, Albert Brooks, Aníbal Buress, Bobby Moynihan, Lake Bell y Ellie Kemper se unieron al elenco. El 16 de abril de 2015, la película se apartó de su fecha de lanzamiento original del 12 de febrero de 2016 al 8 de julio de 2016 conmemorando los 30 años de existencia de Max, con esto empezaba a levantar la compañia, pero el 5 de mayo del 2015, Chris fallece por un ataque respiratorio, dejando a Illumination Entertainment nuevamente en una crisis, pero llegaron Sam y Dan Houser, para tomar acargo y dejar las cosas como estaban, pero el 4 de agosto del 2015, se estreno la película Alfa y Omega, y se considero como la vergüenza de Illumination Entertainment, dejando una animación mediocre, un mal argumento una desformacion de lobos, una completa cagada, siendo aprobada por el 2%, con esto Universal Pictures, desadquiere a Illumination Entertainment y rechaza la película: La Vida secreta de tus mascotas, teniendo miedo a que tubiera el mismo resultado como Alfa y Omega, dejando solo el 31 de Agosto del 2015, Sam y Dan Houser, no se sintieron desmotivados, eso ayudo a regresar a Columbia Pictures y Sony Pictures, regresando el 8 de Septiembre del 2015, recibiendo con manos abiertos, luego tuvieron una conferencia el 14 de septiembre del 2015, para pedir disculpas y empezar denuevo como en los años 1989, luego su primera película de regreso fue dirigido por Dan Houser y Cris Renaud, el 8 de julio del 2016, se estrena la película: La vida secreta de tus mascotas y el juego Grand Theif Auto: New York City, esto teniendo un gran exito del 98% de aprobación dejando al olvido de Alpha y Omega en el 2015 y Al-Qaeda en el 2006. Fue nominado a los premios oscars, e Illumination Entertainment regreso como su florecimiento de los 90's, en el año 2017, Max no apareceria casi todo el año hasta el 25 de Diciembre del 2017, apareciera de regreso, y a su vez Illumination Entertainment, prepararia su secuela La vida secreta de tus mascotas 2, que era para el 13 de Julio del 2018, sin embargo lo movieron para Julio del 2019, pero luego tuvo la decicion de estrenar la película exclusivamente en algunos paises en Agosto del 2018, Julio del 2018, no debido al aumento de publico en La Copa Mundial de Fútbol Rusia 2018, y los demas paises se estrenarian hasta Julio del 2019, creando lo mismo con el juego Grand Theft Auto: San Remo City, la ciudad que abarcara la secuela, y otra película que hiba ser estrenada en el 2017, se paso a Noviembre del 2018 es la película de Mision Berlin 2: La semilla de la tentación, para conmemorar los 30 años del estreno de Mision Berlín, en 1988, el 3 de Agosto del 2018, se estreno La vida secreta de tus mascotas 2, en Estados unidos, Mexico, Italia, España y Japón, mientras que el GTA: San Remo City se lanzo para la PS4 el 13 de julio del 2018, en remplazo su estreno de la película, llevando un exito aporvando a un 99%, Illumination Entertainment esta preparado para estrenar Mision Berlin 2: la semilla de la tentacion el 16 de Noviembre del 2018 para todo el mundo. con esto olvidando las 6 películas de los años 2010 y 2015, Illumination Entertainment se ha creado en sus raíces en buenas manos desde 1986, con algunos problemas pero salieron de los problemas, hasta el 2006, por una depresión y mala fortuna Illumination Entertainment, tomo malos caminos, sin embargo en el 2015, regresa para Sony y vuelve a renacer el Illumination Entertainment de Sam y Dan Hoser, junto con Jack Cook, y ahora Luis Cook. ","Summary":" Todo comienza en 1979, cuando BMG Music, en Londres cuando Dan (1963) y Sam (1959) Houser, no solo "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Snowball Dreams Of Christmas","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13127941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Snowball Dreams Of Christmas Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring not even a mouse. But a certain ex evil rabbit bent on world domination was all snug in his bed. After brushing his teeth with his favorite carrot electric toothbrush and getting into his favorite comfy soft pajamas. Dreaming of santa and wonder what he'd get since he was doing his best to stay good all year compared to last year. After all he left santa some of his glazed carrots he'd hope that he liked them even though they were cold by now. While his owner left some odd shaped yet colorful cookies. They smelled so good that snowball tried to sneak a bite of one of them. But his owner slapped his little paw and said \"No these are for Santa and not you.\" That made Snowball sad but he began to slowly understand. Snowball tossed and turned unable to sleep a wink because he was constantly wondering what this santa person was; was he jolly and round like Ricky was? Did he dress in a red suit with black boots? Were the reindeers really real or just simply just a child's fairy tail? Suddenly Snowball heard something that made him quiver in fear. Was Saint Nick already here he'd better make a hasty retreat and get to sleep. Simply because he wanted of being a good bunny all year. ","Summary":" Snowball Dreams Of Christmas Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creatu"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Hate, or Love?","Author":"NateRockinNikes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12345229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vivid, shining and massive. New York at night. Max hadn't gone out at night in quite a while. However, he was conflicted. He was regretting leaving Duke back at the apartment, but he had already climbed the fire escapes, and he was at the top of the building, gazing at the bright lights and the speckled sky. It was massive. Still, the thought of Duke getting into trouble was still in Max's mind. A couple of months passed since Duke had moved in, and they were fast friends. They had formed a deep, solid bond. After all that happened with the Flushed Pets, Max knew he could trust Duke. But Duke was very hyper and was prone to accidents. He had already gotten in trouble with the other pets owners because of noise complaints. He was often restless, romping around in the apartment. He was often very obnoxious to Max and to everyone else in their group. Max considered this, and decided to head back down. Enough star-searching tonight. Max treaded carefully down the steps, so as to not disturb any pets. He passed Chloe's window, and found the chunky cat dozing with a partially eaten chunk of ham hanging out of her mouth. Passing by his friend Mel's window, he saw him quietly growling and kicking. Max remembered how perceptive Mel was, and pictured Mel chasing squirrels and other pests in his dreams. Buddy, a short-haired Dachshund, was muttering to himself, quite upset about something. After reaching his window, Max climbed over the windowsill. He leaped to the floor, and settled into his bed. \"Duke buddy, you awake?\" he whispered. No response. Max sighed and sat up. He walked behind the kitchen counter, but found Duke's bowl spilled. He saw that the cabinets were opened, and shook his head in disappointment. There was water all over the floor, and a very strange, sweet scent, and paw prints leading to Katie's room. He followed them, hoping to find Duke and make him clean up, instead finding even more mess. He found Katie's closet a mess, and her clothes in tatters. It really looked like there was more than just chewed up clothes. It looked like there was a struggle. Max called his name again. \"Duke! Get in here and clean this up!\" Max's voice boomed through the apartment. There were claw marks on the carpet in the living room, and the bathroom was wet, with the toilet bowl opened and shower curtains tangled. Max was boiling with anger, disappointment and confusion. But at heart, he was very worried. The more he looked at the clutter, the more chilling it was to him. It looked like there was a vicious struggle throughout the apartment, and Max was very shaken. He looked into his friend's apartment, hoping that she wasn't asleep as well. On the TV, playing was what looked like a dog styling infomercial. \"Your dog can look like this today! Call 917-491-9336 right now, and hope your dog isn't already here, missing!\" \"Gidget!\" he called anxiously. He heard the familiar quick pitter-patter of Gidget's paws, and soon her head poked out of her window, with a smile that Max was happy to see. \"Hi Max! Are you alright? You look-\" \"Gidget! Thank goodness you're awake! I need you to get over here now! Hurry!\" he said quickly. Gidget crawled out of her window and darted up the steps. She went up the first set of stairs and ten climbed onto the railing. She dropped down to Max's fire escape, climbed up his railing and lept to the window and onto the floor \"You do know you could have just walked over to my steps and climbed up that way, right?\" Max said. \"You didn't have to do all those fancy jumps.\" \"I know.. I just thought it would look cool!\" she said. \"It did look cool, right?\" \"I guess..\" he said impatiently. There wasn't time for any show-off acrobatics. \"You know you liked it Max!\" she persisted. He did like it. It was impressive how a dog of her size could jump so far. \"I did like it.. It was very cool.\" Max finally admitted, defeated. \"Knew it! So what did you call me over here so late for?\" Gidget asked. \"I cant find Duke! I'm really worried, I looked everywhere and the whole apartment is a huge mess!\" he said quickly. Gidget listened, and she too looked worried. \"Well, lets look for him!\" she jumped down and started sniffing around. Max followed, but was getting frustrated. He could not smell Duke, which was very surprising. Almost no dog could miss Duke's scent. It really could not be compared to anything. It was terrible! A shrill scream broke the silence. \"MAX!\" Gidget wailed. Max dashed out of Katie's room and ran beside Gidget. Max saw something absolutely terrible. \"Oh no..\" Max uttered. In one of the opened kitchen cabinets, Duke's body rested. Deep gashes were all over his body. Deep crimson was pooled up inside the cabinet and leaking out onto the floor. There was blood everywhere. His mouth looked like it was bound. Max quickly cut the ropes holding his mouth shut, and shook him. Duke's eyes were rested on the deep gash in his chest. He struggled to say anything. Coughing up blood, he said with a pained voice, \"M-Max..\" \"What kind of monster would do this!\" Max screamed in rage. Tears were spilling out of his eyes. Gidget cried with him, her faint sobs tearing at Max's heart. \"Duke.. say something..\" \"G- li-bl.\" Duke struggled to say, and coughed up a large amount of blood. \"What Duke?\" Max said anxiously. \"Gullible..\" Duke in a high tone, stifling \"What!\" Max growled. It was all a prank. A sick minded, terrible prank. While he didn't want anything to do with it, hope and joy were building up inside him. He was just glad to see Duke alive, although a massive amount of rage built up inside of him. RIght now, max had wanted to cuss Duke and Gidget out, to tell them to never speak to him again. But he knew he couldn't do that, or else neither of them would forgive him, and he would never live it down. THey would tell all his friends, and he would be ridiculed by Mel, Buddy, Chloe, and everyone else that knew him. \"You fell for the oldest trick in the book! We used red food coloring for blood, and Katie's lipstick for the cuts!\" Duke explained breathlessly. So Max suffered through their laughter brimming with rage. He heard Duke's rumbling laugh and Gidget's timid laugh, although Gidget's was dying down quickly. At the time, Gidget had thought it would be a good idea to prank Max. But now she was regretting it. She wanted to hug him tightly and tell him sorry, but would he really forgive her for such a sick joke? She was angry with herself for only seeing now it was a bad idea. She heard Max and Duke nearly screaming at each other and it only added to her regret. Head hung low, she remorsefully exited the apartment and hopped over to her fire escape, and went to sleep filled with sadness and regret. (A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. I have a \"schedule\" planned for this story. But I started it at the worst time possible :/. I have plans tomorrow and Wednesday, and hopefully I can work again on Thursday. I will try to stick to a schedule of a chapter every 2-4 days, if I take longer something is probably holding me up. I'm not sure how many chapters this story will be, but I have a rough outline of how it is going to pan out. Anyway, reviews and constructive criticism is welcome. I do want to improve over the course of this story, but I need to know what I need work on! Thanks guys, bye!) ","Summary":" Vivid, shining and massive. New York at night. Max hadn't gone out at night in quite a while. Howev"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"A Cat Named Lazy","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12314765","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Cat Named Lazy There once was a cat named Lazy Who was quite fat that no one needed to tell her For one simple obvious reason she already knows that Because she always ate other people's food and not her own ","Summary":" A Cat Named Lazy There once was a cat named Lazy Who was quite fat that no one needed to tell her F"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"The Secret Life Of Pets Poem Corner","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12384345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Secret Life Of Pets Poem Corner A Max Poem Poem Number One Super super loyal to Katie Hates it when she goes away And always waits patiently until she comes home at the end of the day A Duke Poem Poem Number Two A huge shaggy dog He is almost like a gigantic beast Moves into a apartment with his new owner And a absolutely spoiled little terrier Who doesn't want him as a brother Which just makes me extremely sad A Katie Poem Poem Number Three A dog lover all her life Absolutely loves Duke and Max because they are her life Doesn't know what she'd do if they were ever taken from her A Chloe Poem Poem Number Four One extremely fat cat Who thinks human food is far better than her nasty tasteless cat food She is extremely laid back staring up at the sky and looking at her paw And with a roll of her eyes she doesn't care about life itself and other people's problems A Gidget Poem Poem Number Five A fluffy pompom of a dog Who is in love with Max from next door And she would do anything to save him from the dog catchers A Snowball Poem Poem Number Six A innocent cute white little bunny Who acts like someone who is on crack all the time But at the end of the movie showed his softer side A Tiberius Poem Poem Number Seven All alone in his bird cage Day after day night after night Having no friends to call his own Because he's a hawk and he eats tiny little birds And they taste so good but he became friends With a dog named Gidget and have been ever since A Norman Poem Poem Number Eight A guinea pig who can't find his way back home Through the maze of ventilation ducts He has to get home because his owner misses him dearly A Pops Poem Poem Number Nine An old basset hound dog Wise beyond his years He maybe blind but sometimes he says things he shouldn't say That makes everyone else eyes go wide And wonder how is he even still alive He throws great house parties during the day Everyone even fell in love with Chloe who he named Rhonda ","Summary":" The Secret Life Of Pets Poem Corner A Max Poem Poem Number One Super super loyal to Katie Hates it "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Do Cats Land on their Feet?","Author":"Alexriolover95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12328258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! Just had this little idea that popped into my head! Remember the scene where Tiberius brings Ozone to Gidget? And Ozone is like… \"I'm a cat, I land on my feet.\" Well, just read and you'll see what this will be about… While Max and Duke were being initiated into the Flushed Pets group led by Snowball, Gidget was waiting for her new friend, a Red-tailed Hawk named Tiberius to come back with any information about Max. And Tiberius was currently bringing it back in the form of a Sphynx named Ozone, clutching him in his huge talons, flying back to his apartment roof where Gidget was waiting. As Tiberius arrived, he threw Ozone down, hard on the roof as Tiberius settled down on the edge of the building. \"Ow-oof, ugh.\" Ozone said as his face hit the hard surface, but getting up straight away and started licking his paw, that is until Tiberius spoke. \"Alright, show her!\" Tiberius demanded of the cat. And Ozone suddenly started puking up something, Gidget putting on a confused and disgusted face as Ozone finally got what was out of his throat. Gidget was surprised as what Ozone puked out was Max's collar. \"Max's collar! Where is he?\" Gidget said and looked at Ozone. \"W-what happened to him?\" \"I ain't sayin' nothing.\" Ozone replied defiantly, but it cost him as Tiberius wrapped his talons around Ozone tight and brought him over to the edge, holding him above the streets of New York City. \"You're gonna tell us where Max is, and you're gonna tell us now.\" Tiberius continued to demand as he held Ozone further out, but Ozone wasn't scared at all. \"Is this supposed to scare me?\" Ozone asked Tiberius, looking at him and showing his feet. \"I'm a cat, I land on my feet!\" \"Really?\" Tiberius replied, interested. \"Why don't we find out than?\" \"Wait what…\" Ozone said, now scared for his life. \"Hey, you said you land on your feet, so you should land on your feet now.\" Tiberius pointed out. \"No wait!\" Ozone shouted to avoid getting dropped. \"I change my mind! I wasn't thinking!\" But Tiberius just pretended he lost his grip on Ozone and dropped him over the streets. \"Oops!\" Tiberius shouted after Ozone. \"Sorry!\" Ozone rapidly drops down to the ground, now regretting what he said when he said he lands on his feet all the time. He could see his whole life pass before him as the ground came closer and closer. Before he knew it, he comes down to the ground and opens his closed eyes, to receive a shock… He actually landed down on his feet, safety, from being dropped by a crazy hawk from on top of an apartment building… \"How…\" Ozone said, but shook his head, only wanting to get away. \"Haha! Looks like I do have nine lives!\" Ozone laughed as he ran. Tiberius, looking off the edge is in disbelief, standing still like a statue, he just couldn't believe what he saw. Gidget came besides him to see what happened and then looked at Tiberius. \"Great job Tiberius…\" Gidget sighed. \"Now we have to start all over again…\" And done! Surprised? Now in truth, Cats most likely will not survive a drop from a roof of an apartment building, so please did not drop your cat from a roof of a building! He or she will not survive! ","Summary":" Hey guys! Just had this little idea that popped into my head! Remember the scene where Tiberius bri"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"TSLOP AWARD THEME SONG","Author":"DaveCarlos30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12270575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TSLOP AWARD Max : Today We Are Going TSOLP Award,Cant Wait to meet all the the celebrity, Meet face to face not youtube or Tv, But Everybody playing phones around so busy. We have a great heart, We have a cutest, We have from a movie, We have a Tv, We have some are handsome, We have that's no powers, We have a legend and We have a new one. Dont just cancel last minute, Dont Over, Dont just make-up thickly dont regonized, Dont just selfie like your an asshole, Dont you just ever-ever come Late Dj : TSLOP AWARD, TSLOP, TS, TS, L, L, LOP, TS, TS, TSLOP AWARD, TS, TS, LOP AWARD Max : if you win, so easily, get on the stage and dont you be embarassed, just get on the stage and dont waste any time, just read your crazy speech and get off the stage. Max : we dont have anytime to wait, just read your speech to f*****g owners, but if you lose please dont give up..., as long as evryone happy just enjoy the event. PEACE Dj : TSLOP AWARD, TSLOP, TS, TS, L, L, LOP, TS, TS, TSLOP AWARD, TS, TS, LOP AWARD(2X) End Song You like it, i wrote it myself Max – TSLOP AWARD ","Summary":" TSLOP AWARD Max : Today We Are Going TSOLP Award,Cant Wait to meet all the the celebrity, Meet face"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Brothers - Book 4: Remastered","Author":"HobbitsOfMordor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12299168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Katie's sister is bringing Jess over in a few hours... I don't know if I'll be able to deal with her again... Especially after what happened last time... \"Maxy?\" Gidget calls, interrupting my thoughts. \"Yes, Gidg?\" \"Katie came up with an idea to separate you from that dog for at least a little while.\" \"I'm listening.\" \"Well, I have another spa session today-\" \"Again?\" I mutter. \"Didn't you have one yesterday?\" She really is high maintenance... Quiet, Alpha. \"-and Katie told me that if she really bothers you that much-\" \"She does.\" \"-that you could come along.\" \"Oh...\" \"I thought so. Well, I'll go tell her your answ-\" \"But I didn't answer!\" Oh, come on. You can't actually be considering it. Oh, come on. You don't understand what Jess is like! I was there, remember? Secondhand experience! \"Uh... Max?\" Gidget asks, worried. \"Oh, uh, sorry, Gidg! Alpha's just being a little...\" 'A little' what? \"...rude.\" I finish, after a moment. Seriously? Max, the 'spa' is a place for female dogs! I'm sure there are some male dogs there! Here, I'll ask her! \"Hey, Gidget?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Have you seen any male dogs at the spa?\" \"Well, I've seen one or two...\" See? Nothing to be worried about! 'One or two'. Silence. Max, is Jess really that bad? Yes. Believe me, Alpha. Normally, I wouldn't even consider it. J feel the same way about it as you. But I want to avoid her as much as I can. Alright... \"Okay.\" I tell her. \"What!?\" \"I said okay.\" \"R-right! I'll go tell Katie!\" \"So, Gidg, I wanted to discuss my plans for the next few days with you before Jess gets here, if that's okay.\" I ask, entering the room. \"Of course, Maxy!\" \"Okay, today I'm going with you to the spa, right? But for the other two days I think the two of us should be together at all times. You don't have any other plans, do you?\" \"Nope! I think your idea will work fine!\" \"Thanks, Gidg.\" \"I'm gonna go talk to Duke. We haven't really talked since you started dating me. Why don't you go see Katie?\" \"That sounds good.\" I nod. \"See you!\" \"Hey Katie.\" I hop next to where she sits on the couch. \"Hi, Max. How are you?\" \"Utterly terrified of the next few days.\" I shudder. Katie gives me a few pats on the head. \"Hey.\" She says. \"What'd I tell you? You guys are my OTP! I'm not letting another dog get in the way of that!\" \"I know, but...\" I mutter. \"She's your sister's dog!\" \"So? Gidget is my dog! Just chill out, Max. I bet as soon as Jess sees you with Gidget she'll leave you alone.\" \"No, she won't.\" \"How about this, Max? If she does, I'll stop her, okay?\" \"Alright...\" \"Why don't you go see what Duke and Gidget are up to?\" \"Hey Max.\" Duke says as I enter the room. \"Hey. So, uh...\" \"What is it, Max?\" \"I'm kinda sorta going out with Gidget after Jess gets here...\" \"You're going to the spa?\" \"Wait-\" \"Relax, Max. Gidget already told me. And I've already judged you.\" I like his style! You're sure feeling chipper today. What can I say? I get the feeling that the next few days are gonna be hilarious. \"Gee, thanks.\" I deadpan, responding to both Alpha and Duke. This is already great and she hasn't even arrived yet. \"Where is Gidg anyways?\" I inquire. \"She's over by the window, watching for Katie's sister. And by extension, the dog.\" \"Anyways, I apologize in advance for leaving you with her.\" \"Oh please, there's no way she's as bad as you say. You kind of tend to hyperbolize things.\" See? He hasn't even met her! He has no idea! \"I'm being completely serious, Duke.\" \"So am I.\" Man, he is destroying you today! \"Whatever. Don't believe me, if you want.\" \"Maxy! I think she's here!\" Gidget barks. I rush over to Gidget. Maybe Katie's right. Maybe if Jess sees Gidget and I together she'll be scared off... There is a knock on the door, and I move closer to Gidget. \"Maxy~! Where are you, sweetie?\" Jess calls as the door opens. Okay... Maybe my memory was a little dull... You have no idea. \"There you are, cutie! Oh, who's this angel next to you?\" She asks, her voice laced with venom. \"Oh!\" I yelp. \"Hey Jess, this, uh...this is my girlfriend Gidget.\" 'WHAT!?\" \"W-well, Jess, what I'm trying to say is that I am in a relationship with Gidget.\" She stalks up to Gidget and growls at her. \"What did you do to my Max!?\" \"Wha-?\" \"He belongs to me!\" Okay... Yes? I might have been completely wrong. 'Might'? Maybe. \"Excuse me,\" Gidget growls back. \"How many times have you saved his life? Because I've done it twice.\" \"I've got three!\" Duke says, entering the room. \"Now, what exactly is goin-\" \"Oh, and who's this? Your other boyfriend?\" Jess asks, filled with hate. \"A-actually that's my brother, Duke.\" I butt in. \"Nope,\" Gidget says, continuing to growl. \"Just a friend.\" \"A-am I being ignored?\" I question. Yep. I wasn't asking you! Just tellin' you the truth. If they are ignoring you, what makes you think they'd tell you so? Oh... Yeah... \"I think so, Max.\" Duke tells me. \"Anyways, color me surprised. She actually is that bad.\" \"I told you!\" \"What do you want from me?\" The two girls are still fighting in the background. \"An apology would be nice.\" \"Fine.\" He sighs. \"I'm sorry. You were right, et cetera.\" Suddenly, Katie enters the room. \"Okay, guys. Susie's gone. What's all the commo-?\" Katie begins to ask before she notices the two fighting. \"Oh. Well, it's time for Max and Gidget to go to the spa...\" Pfft. Stop it. Duke snickers. \"Stop it!\" I bark. \"You're leaving cutie pie!?\" Jess asks, heartbroken. Gidget growls at her again. \"Alright, come on, you two. Duke, Jess, please behave while I'm gone. I'll be back after I drop them off.\" \"Ya hear that, Jess?\" Gidget asks, sweetly. Jess simply growls in response. \"O-okay, Gidget, maybe we should go.\" \"You're right.\" She sighs. \"Let's go, Katie.\" Well, this will be an interesting experience... I just hope Duke will be okay. Whatcha thinkin' about? Why do you care? Because I'm a part of you that couldn't tell anyone else if I wanted? Also just wanna make sure you're not thinking about how glorious your time at the spa will be. Will you please stop joking about this? I'm being completely serious. You're gonna be one of the only male dogs there. Probably gonna be made fun of. I already told you I wouldn't be doing this if- Yeah, yeah. Doesn't stop it from being hilarious. ...I'm done. Talk to you later. Ok, bye! Love you, too! \"Hey Gidg, what's up?\" I ask. \"Oh! Uh... not much...\" She replies. \"Why aren't you talking to Alpha?\" Good question. \"He's being...\" \"...Alpha?\" \"A complete jerk, yes.\" Now that's just uncalled for! All I did was make fun of you because you're going to the spa! You brought this upon yourself, really. \"Hey, Katie?\" I yelp as we drive over a pothole. \"How much longer is this drive?\" \"About thirty minutes.\" She tells me. \"Seriously!?\" And it just keeps getting better. I swear, if you don't shut up I will find a way to actually get rid of you. What happened to not talking to me? Aw, dang it! This is just like that one time you were talking about how you don't do things I do and then proceeded to make a terrible pun just like I would. I'm done again. Already? That was quick. \"Then I'm gonna try and get some sleep.\" I mutter, annoyed, and lay my head down on the seat. \"Maxy?\" Gidget calls after a few moments. \"Are you awake?\" \"Yeah, what is it, Gidg?\" \"You sound kinda upset about something...\" Is it just me or is it getting even better? \"It's just... Nevermind.\" I say, and lay my head back down. \"Max, what's wrong? I'm here for you, just tell me what's bothering you?\" Man, this is so cheesy. \"It's not important, Gidg. You don't need to worry about it.\" \"Well, I am worrying about it. So please tell me what's wrong.\" \"...It's Alpha...\" Why is it always me!? \"What's he been doing?\" \"He keeps making jokes about how I'm going to the spa.\" They're just jokes! \"Well, Alpha,\" Gidget says threateningly. \"If I recall correctly, you're technically going to the spa, too. And I don't appreciate the way Max tells me you've been talking to him.\" P-please help. Sh-she's s-scaring me. \"O-okay, that's enough! He's audibly very scared of you.\" \"Good. Now get some rest, Max.\" \"Th-thanks Gidg.\" \"No problem!\" H-how on earth can you deal with her? Oh, come on. She would never treat me like that. Th-the time she b-bit you would beg to differ. Anymore. She would never treat me like that anymore. For some reason, I just can't believe you. Okay, would you stop talking? I'd like to get some slee- \"Alright, guys! We're here! Wake up, Max!\" Thanks a lot, Alpha. No problem! I dutifully follow Katie into the spa. \"Hello, Ms. Brown!\" The man behind the desk in the lobby calls. \"Are you here for Gidget's appointment?\" \"Yep!\" Katie replies. \"And I was wondering if Max here could join her. I'm watching my sister's dog, and he doesn't really get along with her.\" \"Well, you're in luck. We just so happen to have an open spot. But next time, could you let us know in advance?\" \"Of course! I was also wondering if you could keep them together. Max gets used to new places better when he's around people or animals that he knows.\" \"Alright. But you owe me.\" \"Oka-\" \"I'm just messin' with ya!\" he chuckles. \"Alright, come here you two.\" Gidget immediately follows. I hesitate. \"Go on, Max.\" Katie tells me. \"I have an idea.\" The man says, and pulls out a treat. \"Here boy!\" As soon as my eyes lock on to the treat, I find myself rushing to his position. He gives me the treat. \"Good boy! Come on!\" \"Bye Katie!\" I bark as I follow the man. Wow. Do I need to get Gidg? Hey hey hey! No need to get hasty! I would have done the same thing! Uh huh. Okay, maybe not... sorry. I'll let it slide this time. We are led into a large room. Several other dogs are laying down on tables. Man! This place is a lot bigger than I expected! The man leading us stops. \"Alright, here's our first stop. Before we get started, I need to introduce myself to Max. My name is Chris.\" Okay, I'll be keeping that one. I bark in response. \"Alright,\" Chris says. \"First, we're gonna get you two groomed.\" He lifts both of us up and puts us on tables. Then he takes our collars off and hooks us into this strange collar-like object on the table. Gidget tells me it's meant to prevent us from moving too much. Next, Chris washes my fur with shampoo and rinses me off. I lift my paw to my nose and sniff. Wow! I smell really good! Next, he runs a brush through my fur, neatening it up. He takes some clippers and trims my fur. It doesn't take very long, which makes sense, I guess. I am a shorthair after all. He moves on to Gidget, which takes a little while longer than I did, before he unhooks us and puts our collars back on. We are picked back up, and after a short walk, we are placed into some warm water. Chris presses a button and suddenly, the water begins to move! \"Wow!\" I yelp. \"This feels incredible!\" \"Those are water jets.\" Gidget tells me. \"They're designed to make you feel good.\" \"Well, they're working!\" Man! I don't know why I doubted this place! It's great! I can't hear your thoughts, but I just felt a dramatic shift in your mood. Please don't tell me you're actually enjoying this. No promises. You are. I am. You know, that actually does look kinda relaxing... Wait, you mean you can't feel it? Nah. I need to take over your body to feel. And I can't do that anymore, so...yeah. And if I did, you wouldn't be able to feel it. So the real question is, would you let me? No. See? Wait, did I say no? Wow. Guess I'm still spoiled. That's probably part of the reason I'm enjoying this so much, too... After a short while in the tub, Chris reappears and lifts us out. He brings us to a room full of cages. Awwww. Guess we're waiting here for Katie to pick us up... Yeah, sucks. I mean, I wouldn't know, because I couldn't feel any of it, but it sounds like it sucks. Okay, okay, I get it! \"All right you two,\" he tells us, placing us in a cage. \"Behave. Your owner should be here soon to pick you up.\" A few more moments pass. \"So, Maxy? How'd you like it?\" \"Aw, it was great! I'm kinda sad it's over.\" \"Yeah, it goes by a lot quicker than you'd think.\" \"Hey Max, hey Gidget!\" Katie yells. I perk up instantly upon hearing her voice. My tail begins to wag uncontrollably. Chris opens the cage and we rush out. \"Hey, Max! Did you have fun?\" \"Oh, it was amazing, Katie!\" I bark. \"My fur's so soft, and I smell so clean, and it was so relaxing, and-\" You're rambling. \"-it was like, the best thing I've ever done!\" \"...How much did you pamper him?\" She asks Chris. \"Uh...a lot...is that bad?\" \"Not at all! He loves being pampered!\" Who doesn't? Not now, Alpha. \"Well, I think it's about time for us to leave.\" Katie says. \"Bye!\" We walk to the car and hop in. \"Okay, guys. I think I need to fill you in on what happened while you were gone.\" \"Jess?\" I ask. \"Yep. And oh boy, where do I begin?\" At the start, obviously. Quiet, Alpha! \"So, what exactly happened?\" I ask. \"Well, when I got back after dropping you off...\" Katie POV, two hours earlier \"Duke! Jess! I'm back!\" I shout as I open the door. Huh. I can't see them anywhere. \"Duke? Where are you two?\" I call. \"Hello?\" I listen carefully to hear the sound of claws lightly tapping against a tiled floor. Are they in the kitchen? \"Guys? Are you in here?\" I see Duke laying on the ground, fast asleep. \"Aww.\" I whisper to avoid waking him. Now, where's Jess? I listen carefully again, but I don't hear anything. I re-enter the living room and look at the dog beds. Max is laying on hi- Wait, that's Jess! Max isn't even here. I should probably try to get her off his bed. Who knows how he'd react to her there. I slowly lift her up, making sure not to jostle her too much, and lay her on the bed Susie brought for her. I decide that these two have the right idea, and head to my room to take a nap until it's time to pick Max and Gidget up. However, as I enter my room, I notice how much of a disaster it is. On the floor, the words 'HE WILL BE MINE' are spelt out seemingly with whatever the writer could find. It also looks like a small fight occurred. I rush back to the kitchen and notice the signs of a fight in there as well. I make my way over to Duke and attempt to wake him up. \"Duke? Duke, wake up.\" He grunts in pain, before lifting his head up to look at me. \"K-katie?\" \"Yeah, it's me, Duke. What happened?\" \"W-well...after you left, J-jess got really upset. After a few m-moments, she sniffed around the beds a bit and laid down in M-max and Gidget's. I t-told her that Max wouldn't be h-happy about that, but she growled at me and ran off. I searched the place for her, and found her making a mess of your room! So, I told her 'Get out of here', but she pounced on me, then scrambled off again. I eventually made my way here, and I guess she knocked me out? I don't remember anything else.\" \"Hey, it's okay, Duke. We can deal with her for a few days.\" \"And now, I feel like a complete jerk, because Max warned me about her, and I completely disregarded him.\" \"Duke. Don't worry about it. I'm sure Max will forgive you. I mean, he's forgiven you for far worse! He even forgave Snowball, Gidget, and Tiberius, and they all tried to kill him! So just don't worry about it. I know on the outside he seems like a complete jerk, and you know that better than anyone, but when he cares about someone he really cares. He cares about you, Duke. I know he does.\" \"I-I know he does, too.\" Duke says, but he doesn't seem entirely sure. \"But that doesn't mean a thing.\" \"Yes, it does, Duke! Especially with Max. Now, come on. Let's go get some rest.\" I lead him to my room and direct him onto my bed. I set an alarm to wake me up, before laying down myself. Max POV, present \"Huh.\" I mutter. \"I'll need to talk to Duke about that...\" Gidget doesn't seem very happy with this at all. \"Why can't she get it through her head that Max doesn't like her!?\" Why couldn't you? Alpha... Oh, shoot! Sorry! ...Please don't tell her... \"Max!\" She barks. \"There's gotta be a reason why you dislike her so much! Tell her why, and maybe she'll leave us alone!\" No. I don't want to think about it... \"Gidg...\" I sigh. \"I'm sorry, but I can't. I don't even want to think about it, let alone talk to her about it.\" \"Okay... I understand. Guess we'll just have to make do.\" \"Yeah... Hey, Gidg? \"Yes?\" \"No matter what's happened while we were gone, and whatever else happens today, just remember...\" I give her a nice long kiss, then lick her face. \"Hey! Max!\" \"...tomorrow is another day.\" No regrets! W-why would you do that!? I'm getting her back for making me think she was dead. Oh. Fair enough. Wait, you haven't gotten me back for that! Still working on it. Oh. Shi- I mean shoot! ... ... Let's pretend that didn't happen. Yeah. \"So, uh, Katie?\" I ask. \"On a scale of one to ten, how much do you think has happened since you came to pick us up?\" \"Well...\" She replies. \"Duke and Jess were both asleep when I left so it could be a zero, but a round trip takes an hour, and that doesn't include picking you up or paying. So, if they're awake, I'd go with an eight.\" \"Sounds about right.\" I sigh. \"Hey, don't worry about it, Max. Like I said, you and Gidg are my OTP!\" \"I know, I know. And we've talked about this. Don't call her Gidg. That's my thing. Speaking of which... Hey, Gidg? Are you ready for if things are really bad?\" \"Yep! If she gets too close to you, I'll kill her!\" Gidget barks. \"Please don't do that. The last time you attacked someone inside of an apartment, we both almost died.\" \"Why'd you have to bring that up? And I already apologized!\" She yelps. \"Because I would prefer my girlfriend to not be put down. And I know you did. And I forgave you. So please, don't start a fight. I can handle myself, alright?\" \"...okay.\" \"Alright, guys,\" Katie tells us. \"We're home.\" We enter the building and walk up the steps to our apartment. \"Here we go...\" I mutter as the door swings open. Chaos. Complete and utter chaos. But it's not Jess. The room is filled with a variety of familiar animals. It's the Flushed Pets. They're ransacking my home! \"Hey!\" I bark. \"What's going on here?\" \"Well, well, well.\" A feminine voice says from the middle of the crowd. The voice seems very familiar, but I can't quite put my paw on it. \"If it isn't 'Tiny Dog'.\" \"Who are you? What are you doing here?\" \"You mean you don't remember me, Maxy?\" The voice answers and Gidget growls. \"All in due time, then. As for what I'm doing here, well...\" The crowd parts a little bit, revealing the unconscious bodies of all my friends. A golden retriever walks out. \"...I'm here to take what's mine.\" \"What do you mean!?\" I growl. \"Still don't recognize me? Hmph. As for your question, allow me to answer it with another question. Do you know how the Flushed Pets get what they want?\" \"How?\" She stands before the three of us. \"We take it by force.\" Max, look out! I dodge the bite that had been aimed at my front paw. \"Impressive.\" She chuckles. \"I guess maybe a name will help your memories return. I'm Kristal.\" Oh. It's her. I dodge another bite but land in an awkward position and fall to the ground. I quickly roll back onto my feet, dodging another attack as I move. Suddenly, Gidget pounces onto Kristal and is immediately shaken off. \"You remember now, huh? I can tell by the look on your face. The way you rejected me.\" \"You had just met me!\" I yelp, barely dodging another hit. \"And you straight up asked me 'Will you give me puppies?'!\" All of a sudden, a loud screech fills the room. Tiberius flies into the room and scratches a long cut in her side. \"Was this dog bothering you?\" He asks me. \"Just a little, yeah.\" I pant. \"Well, sorry. No rest for the weary. Quick, grab Snowball. I'll keep them off you.\" \"What about everyone else!?\" \"If you can wake them up quickly, then do it. You don't have very long. We need Snowball, though. We don't have time for me to explain. Just go!\" I rush towards my friends and bark as loud as I can. Duke lifts his head. \"Max?\" \"Duke!\" Tiberius shouts. \"Go with Katie! Anyone else who is awake, do the same! Max! Keep moving!\" I make my way to Snowball and grab him in my mouth. I look around to see all of the Flushed Pets looking right at me. This seems very familiar... Luckily, before they can attack I am lifted into the air by Tiberius. I look to my side to see Gidget in his other claw. \"Wow, Max! You know, you're heavier than you look!\" he chuckles. \"I think you've put on a few pounds since last time.\" I groan in annoyance. I can't even make a comeback with Snowball in my mouth! After a short while, we land on a very familiar roof. This is where I was stabbed. And cut. And nearly bled out. I place Snowball on the ground, then turn to Tiberius. \"Okay, do you wanna explain why we needed Snowball so much?\" I ask. \"Soon.\" He says. \"I'm waiting for everyone to get here.\" \"Wha-?\" \"Max!\" Katie yells from the other side of the rooftop, sprinting towards me. \"Katie?\" I yelp as she lifts me off the ground. \"How'd you get here?\" \"Tiberius told me to rendezvous here with anyone who woke up.\" \"Hey, Max!\" Duke says from her side. \"Oh, hi Duke. One second. Tiberius?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Why'd you choose the place you nearly killed me, of all places, to be our meeting spot?\" \"W-well, it was the only place I could think of that Katie could get to.\" \"Alright. So, why is Snowball so important?\" \"From what I gathered, the Flushed Pets are finally ready to 'destroy humanity',\" Tiberius replies. \"Their new leader, that 'Kristal' person who seems so fond of you, decided that their first stop would be your apartment to get rid of your owner and take you.\" \"Well, I could have guessed that. Now, about Snowball.\" \"I was gonna come over today to visit Gidg, bu-\" \"Don't. Call her. Gidg.\" I growl. \"-to visit Gidget, but I saw that she wasn't home, so I figured I'd just wait outside. I saw Snowball enter your place, so I went a little closer and overheard him trying to warn Duke, but they got there before he finished. So, I figured he knows what their plan is so we can stop them.\" \"Oh. Fair enough.\" I say, struggling to escape from Katie's arms. \"Katie, would you let me go?\" \"No! When that dog attacked you, I thought I was gonna lose you again!\" \"Oh, yeah, about that. How did you get so good at dodging, Max? When we fought, there's no way you were capable of that.\" Tiberius asks, curious. \"Well, first of all, when we fought, I was barely conscious because of the tranquilizer...\" I respond, venomously. He grins at me sheepishly. \"...and after he recovered, I trained him!\" Gidg interrupts. \"Yeah, that.\" I helped, too! You don't even have a physical body! You can't prove that! Yes, I can. I tried to help, okay!? \"Katie... can you please put me down?\" \"I already told you no!\" You're not getting back on the ground for another half-hour or so. I sigh internally. \"So, uh... Is anyone else here?\" I ask. \"Hey, Max.\" Buddy says from below me. \"Oh, hey Buddy. How's your thing with Mel going?\" \"Yeah, it was going great until the FP showed up and dognapped us.\" \"The what?\" \"Flushed Pets.\" \"Ah. Is Mel here, too?\" \"Yep. He's unconscious, though. Your little bark didn't wake him up. Had to drag him to the car myself.\" \"Anyone else?\" \"Sorry, Max. There wasn't enough time to grab Chloe, Pops, Sweetpea, or Norman.\" Hold on... \"Katie?\" \"No, Max. Not putting you down.\" \"I wasn't gonna ask about that! I was gonna ask if you know where Jess went.\" \"Who?\" Buddy asks. \"Oh no.\" Katie mutters. \"You're right! She wasn't there! We need to find her! Susie's gonna be so pissed if she finds out I lost her!\" \"Seriously, who's 'Jess'?\" \"Nope. Nuh uh. Nada. I am not helping find her!\" I yelp and manage to escape her arms. \"Max! Get back here!\" \"No! I won't help her! Not after what she did!\" \"What did she do, Max? What could possibly be so bad?\" \"I...I don't want to talk about it.\" \"Max, come on... I'm your owner, I deserve to know.\" \"What, so you think that just because you're my 'owner' that you're better than me!?\" I growl. \"I never sai-\" \"I told you I didn't want to talk about it!\" I bark. \"And what do you do? You try and use your status and my trust in you to get me to!\" Everyone looks at me in shock. Max- No. I don't want to hear anything from you right now. \"I'm leaving,\" I say, making my way towards the staircase. \"I can't believe I couldn't see it sooner. Snowball was right before. Humans are terrible.\" \"Max!\" \"Max, come back! I'm sorry!\" \"Maxy! Where are you going!?\" Gidget yelps. \"I'm going to see the Flushed Pets. And by the way,\" I tell her, turning back for a moment. \"I never really forgave you.\" \"I never really forgave you.\" Who knew five words could hurt so much? And as Max walks down the stairs, not a single one of us tries to stop him. \"Gidg,\" Katie starts. \"Are yo-?\" \"DON'T!\" I growl. \"Don't call me that.\" \"Are you okay?\" She asks, cautiously. \"How can I be?\" I reply, tearing up. \"Why would he say that to me?\" \"He doesn't mean it,\" Katie assures me. \"The Max I know is too kind and loving to hurt someone he cares about.\" \"Well, you seemed awfully hurt when he accused you of abusing his trust...\" \"Gidget...\" \"...and at this point, I don't even know if he ever cared about me.\" \"Gidget, he loved you!\" \"Yeah. Loved. Not anymore...\" I say, and walk away. After a few moments, I hear footsteps approaching me. \"Go away.\" \"No.\" Duke tells me as he sits down to my side. A few more moments pass. \"What do you want?\" I ask, hoarsely. \"Gidget...that wasn't Max who said that to you today...\" \"Who was it then? Alpha? Because I know Alpha can't control him anymore.\" \"...it wasn't Alpha, either. I think he's just been bottling up his negative emotions for too long, and today, he finally exploded.\" \"So, what you're trying to tell me is that whatever Jess did was bad enough that he's been bottling up his feelings, and when Katie tried to get him to talk, he finally snapped.\" \"Yeah.\" \"If this is true...how long do you think it will take for him to be back to normal? The normal Max, who adores Katie with every fiber of his being. The normal Max, who can always manage a witty comeback. The normal Max, who would do anything for someone he cares about. The normal Max, who stood up to anything in his way. The normal Max, who would get flustered whenever telling people about me. The normal Max, who makes the cutest face when he's excited. The normal Max, who would never hurt a fly. The normal Max, who I love. How long, Duke?\" \"I can't say. I'm no psychologist, and it probably depends on how long he's been bottling it all up. But do you know what I do know? What Max has taught me?\" \"What?\" \"Tomorrow is another day. He'll be back. It may not be tomorrow, or this week, or even this month. But eventually, he'll come crawling back to apologize. Right now, we've got bigger things to worry about. If we don't stop the Flushed Pets, he may not have a Katie to crawl back to. It's what 'the normal Max' would want us to do. He'd say something like 'Don't worry about me. I'm just one dog. What's more important? Me, or humanity?'.\" \"That's so cheesy.\" I chuckle sadly. \"Just like him.\" Duke nods. \"Heh. Understatement of the century.\" He looks at me for a moment before continuing. \"Now,\" He tells me, looking back towards the rest of the group, with Snowball waking himself up. \"Let's listen to him, shall we?\" \"Duke?\" I ask as he stands up. \"Yeah?\" \"Did he care about you?\" Duke looks at me for a moment, before turning away and walking to the group. After a moment's hesitation, I follow. I have to let Max get through this one alone. I just have to remember that he can handle himself. I told him I would. And Duke's right. What's the point in him coming back to apologize if there's no Katie to come back to? And if there was something I could have done to stop it and didn't? I don't know how he'd react. So with a new fire in my eyes, I enter the group. \"Alright, Snowball. What do you know about their plan?\" \"And by the way, I never really forgave you.\" I turn away and begin my descent. Max! Why would yo- I thought I told you I don't want to hear it. Bu- Go away! I can't believe I ever thought Katie loved me... The Flushed Pets have known it all along. 'Humans say they love us, but then they turn around and throw us out like garbage!' That's what they believe. And now I'm beginning to believe it, too. Now, first things first. I need to get rid of this collar. And I know just who to go to for that. It takes a while, but I eventually find my way back to the old park. I spend a moment remembering all the good times I had here with Katie, before shaking them off. None of those times were really good. She never cared. I spend another short while searching for the place. Eventually, I find myself in a familiar alleyway. \"Ozone!\" I bark. \"Where are you?\" \"Tiny Dog?\" His voice says from a trash can before his head pops out. \"You can't be here! If the Flushed Pets find out that I saw you and didn't tell them, I'm toast!\" \"You can tell them. I'm going to see them. But first, I want you to cut my collar off again.\" \"What?\" \"You know, like you did that one time.\" \"Why?\" \"Because I told you to.\" I growl. \"Alright, alright!\" He yelps and approaches me. He quickly slices through the material and lifts it up. \"What do you want me to do with this?\" \"Keep it.\" I tell him. \"Now, where's the nearest entrance to the Underbelly?\" \"It's three blocks over, middle of the road.\" I turn away and begin my journey there. If Ozone didn't lie to me, that right there would be the entrance. A few moments later, I manage to lift the cover up with my paw. Don't ask me how. I hop down to find myself In front of the very same Underbelly entrance I went through with Duke. Don't think about him. He's a pet. He still thinks that his owner cares about him. As I approach the door, the snakes lift their heads up. \"Whatsss the passsssword?\" \"Don't ask the leader for the password.\" They're probably too lazy to change it. DING! Yep. As I enter the room, I hear a collective gasp. \"Well, look who it is!\" Kristal says, excitedly. \"What is it, Max? Did you finally realize that we're meant to be?\" \"Can it. Or I might change my mind. I'm here to join you. I want to destroy humanity. Humans are vile, chaotic creatures who think of us as their lessers. They disgust me.\" \"Oh. In that case, welcome aboard. Time for initiation.\" \"No.\" \"What was that?\" \"I don't have time for that. I want to kill all humans as soon as possible. Just tell me what I need to do.\" \"Whoa! Look at you! I suppose I'll make a special exception for you, tiger.\" \"I'm not a tiger, I'm a dog.\" \"Right. Well, allow me to show you around.\" \"I don't have time for that!\" \"Was I asking?\" She growls. \"Come on. If you're gonna be working here, then you need to know where everything is. So, the first thing you need to do is take the tour. Got it?\" I grudgingly follow her as she walks ahead. Well, this is boring. \"Now,\" Kristal tells me. \"This is the mess hall. Unfortunately, all we really have for dogs is really cheap dog food.\" \"This is fine,\" I reply. \"I don't need any of the 'good stuff'.\" \"That's the right attitude! Let's keep going.\" She shows me the war room but makes sure to have all of the plans covered up before I enter, in case I'm just a spy. Why would I want to protect humans? I don't know. Next, she brings me to the 'initiation room'. \"Now, as we agreed, you won't be going in there, but if you did, it would be exactly the same as it was with Snowball. With a different viper, of course. Because your fluffy brown friend Fat Dog killed the other one.\" \"Don't call him my friend.\" I growl. \"Brother?\" \"No. He still thinks that humans care. He doubts everything I say. He doesn't deserve those titles.\" \"Good. You have the perfect mindset for the Flushed Pets. Now it's time for one final test of your loyalty.\" She leads me to another room, filled with cages, only a few of which aren't empty. \"This is our dungeon. Go look in that cage over there.\" She says, directing me. \"Max!?\" A familiar voice yelps. \"Oh. Hello, Chloe.\" \"Max! Thank goodness you're here! Come on! Get us out of here!\" I look behind her to see a still unconscious Pops. Norman and Sweetpea are chained to the wall so they can't escape through the bars. \"No,\" I tell her. \"You're foolish. You domestics love humans. You don't deserve freedom. Just like them, you deserve death.\" \"What?\" She yelps, eyes widening. \"Max, that can't be you talking!\" \"It is me, Chloe. It took me way too long, but I finally realized the truth. Humans are terrible.\" She looks at me in shock for a moment, before her face hardens. \"I always knew I couldn't trust you! I always thought that once you got put in danger, you would turn on me and everyone else. And when you survived your little adventure with Duke, I thought you had changed. Guess not. You aren't even in danger, are you? This was your own decision. Humans aren't the terrible ones here, Max. You are.\" Why does it hurt? She's a pet! How could I be hurt by her saying I'm terrible! No. It doesn't bother me. It doesn't bother me. \"Kristal?\" I ask, annoyed. \"Can we go?\" \"Oh, uh...yeah.\" She replies, and leads me out of the room. I can feel Chloe's eyes burning into the back of my neck. It bothers me. It bothers me a lot. \"And last but not least, here is where you'll be sleeping.\" Kristal tells me, showing me what she calls the 'second most comfortable bed in the Underbelly'. \"So, tell me again, why do I get this bed?\" \"Oh! Well, I'm proud of you, Max. You realized the truth, and you didn't allow your friends to take it from you. So, I decided that you would be perfect for my second-in-command!\" \"Hmph.\" I give the bed a quick sniff. Smells just as bad as the rest of this place... I step onto it before laying down for a few moments. It's not nearly as comfortable as me and Gidget's bed... Wait, now it's just Gidget's bed. And I don't need comfort. That's just another thing humans use to control us. ... That doesn't stop me from missing it. Chloe POV I can't believe him! After everything we've been through, he's just leaving us here! I hear Pops grunting from my side. \"Hey, Pops.\" I say. \"Oh, hey Rhonda!\" \"That's still not my name...\" \"Whatever. Where are we?\" \"We kinda got captured by the Flushed Pets.\" \"Oh. Well, surely Max will be here soon to save us! He's always so selfless when it comes to his friends. Did he tell you about the time he was ready to go right back to where he had just escaped from to save Duke?\" \"Yes, I was there when he told you.\" I sigh, annoyed. \"And about that...Max isn't gonna be helping us.\" \"Why would you think that?\" \"Because he's one of them now. He joined the Flushed Pets.\" \"Huh.\" \"Yeah.\" After a few moments, he finally speaks up again. \"Surely he'll come back around. I mean, come on, it's Max we're talking about. He'd never hurt a fly!\" \"...I'm not so sure about that anymore...\" \"Alright,\" Snowball says. \"Plan is simple. They've captured a human scientist who can understand them for some strange reason. Kinda like you, Kates!\" \"Please don't ever call me that again.\" \"Speaking of you, where's Tiny Dog? He ain't hurt, is he? 'Cause usually the two of you are near inseparable.\" \"Snowball, please focus.\" Katie replies. I can still hear the pain in her voice. \"Okay, okay! They're forcing him to make some super-weapon to wipe out humanity. That's all I know.\" \"So, Max risked his life for this information...\" I mutter, angrily. \"Calm down, Gidget! This is still very helpful, even though it's not much.\" \"Oh!\" Snowball interrupts. \"I know some peeps who might know more!\" \"What?\" \"The Caged Domestics. They're a group of pets whose goal is to stop the Flushed Pets' plans. They basically worship TD! With him, we should be able to get in easy!\" \"About that...\" \"What?\" \"Max kinda...ran off.\" \"What!? Why!?\" \"I may have pushed him a little bit too far...\" Katie mumbles. \"'May have'?\" I ask, annoyed. \"B-but without TD, there's no way we'll be able to get in!\" \"What about the human who can understand them? Maybe if they see Katie with us, they'll let us in. Wait... Snowball?\" Buddy interjects. \"Yeah?\" \"Do you think they keep tabs on Max? Because if they do, they'll know all of us are close to him on a personal level.\" \"And even if they don't...\" I add. \"They should at least recognize Duke as Max's close friend!\" \"Brother!\" Duke barks. \"Yeah, that.\" \"Ya know, that just may work! Okay! We're doing this! Allow me to show you to their HQ!\" \"But what if Max comes back and we aren't here? At least one of us should stay just in case.\" \"I'll do it.\" Buddy volunteers. \"Besides, Mel is still asleep, and there is no way I'm dragging him around more.\" \"Yeah, you gotta stay with your bae.\" I chuckle, and Duke joins me. \"Hey!\" \"Let's go, people, come on!\" Snowball yells. \"Here we are. The Caged Domestics.\" After following Snowball for a while, we find ourselves at what seems like the entrance to an underground bunker! Snowball rushes up to the door, gives it 3 swift knocks, and shoves Duke in front of it. A dog sticks it's head out of a wall. That's no wall! It's a secret door! \"Oh.\" He says. \"It's Max's friends. We've been expecting you. In fact, we were expecting you about an hour ago.\" \"Oh, God. It's this one.\" Snowball mutters. \"The one who says he's psychic, predicts everything right, then always gets the timing wrong.\" \"Come with me. Enter through that door.\" The dog continues re-entering the wall. The door in front of us opens. We follow the dog's orders. He leads us to another door and tells us to enter. We do, to find a tidy room that is much less crowded than the rest of them. In the center of the room lays an orange cat. \"Oh, hello there. You're right on schedule.\" He tells us. \"And that's the one that is actually psychic.\" Snowball tells me. \"Also, she's the leader.\" \"So, uh...\" I start. \"We want to know whatever you know about the FP's plan.\" \"I already know that. But you are not being entirely truthful. You heard Snowball, correct? You just want to compare what you know about this to what I tell you, then ask your true question. What you really want to know is 'Is Max okay, and where is he?', right?\" \"Y-yes...\" I stammer. \"You mean you really know? Please, please, please tell me!\" \"You may come to regret asking for this, but I will tell you. Max's mind is currently in a very dark place. As some of you have guessed, he bottled up his emotions too much, and today they finally exploded. However, it is far worse than you could ever have imagined. He has been stuffing most of his negative emotions into that little bottle for almost 2 years, since the last time he saw this 'Jess'. It will take longer than you expect for him to finally escape them. But this is not the worst news you will hear of him today.\" \"Wh-what do you mean? What could be worse than that?\" I ask, worried. \"Like I said, Max's mind is in a dark place. He can't handle this much negativity, and it is affecting his judgment just as much as it is affecting his personality. Today, he has made the worst decision of his life.\" \"What!? What is it!?\" I yelp. \"Max has joined the Flushed Pets.\" Chloe POV Pops is asleep again. The guy is almost always asleep these days. He tells me it's because he's 'getting old'. Heh. I can normally sleep just as much, and he's years older than me. But... Ever since today, when we saw Max... I haven't been able to even think about sleeping. After how much I trusted him, only for him to stab me in the back. But there's one thing I only remembered after talking with Pops for a while. Max actually looked hurt by what I said to him. Even if it was only for a second, it was there. Which means there has to still be a glimmer of a good person inside of him. We just have to find a way to bring it out. And I can't believe I'm saying this, but I really hope we can. Before it's too late. \"Sir!\" A voice calls from the doorway. \"I have brought your food as you requested.\" \"Good. Your name?\" \"Uh... I don't really have one. I was born into the Flushed Pets. My parents didn't give me one because they see them as 'human shackles'.\" That's no good! He needs a name! I decide to indulge the voice in my head. \"Well, I'm gonna call you Tom.\" \"O-okay.\" \"You may leave, Tom.\" \"Right.\" He says, exiting the room. I stand up and begin to eat from the bowl. I try not to gag at the horrible taste. I am so spoiled... But I can live with this. I can live with this because it's the only way to give the world justice. After everything humans have done to the world, they must be eliminated. I hear footsteps approach. I already know who it is. \"What do you want, Kristal?\" \"Well, we need to hold a meeting to inform the rest of the group of your new position.\" \"Let me guess, it's right now.\" \"Yeah...\" \"Ugh. Can't even have peace and quiet to eat my crappy meal.\" \"Oh, believe me, you haven't seen anything. It's all downhill from here.\" \"Oh boy.\" Any second thoughts yet? GO AWAY! AHH! \"Okay, so, Max? You're gonna need to give a little speech. How good are you at public speaking?\" \"Horrible.\" \"Oh. Well, then I guess it's a good thing I prepared a script for you just in case. It's already on the podium.\" We arrive in the main lobby of the Underbelly. \"Hello, all! Who are we? We are the Flushed Pets!\" \"LIBERATED FOREVER, DOMESTICATED NEVER!\" The crowd shouts. \"Yes! Now, today we have some big news. We have gained one of the greatest assets possible. Some of you may have already seen him. We have gained the membership of Tiny Dog!\" I step up to the podium. \"You've got this!\" Kristal whispers to me. \"Greetings Flushed Pets!\" \"Greetings Tiny Dog!\" \"I am Max. Most of you probably know me as Tiny Dog, but my real name is Max. I don't care which you call me. Now, today, after you attacked my 'home', I finally realized that your vision of the world is how the world should truly be! Humans are monsters! Weak and cowardly! Always hiding behind weapons and idle threats! Using animals for their own goals! Selfish, only caring about themselves! Humans don't deserve what they have. But there seems to be nothing that can stop them. They war with each other. But still, they live on. They are decimated by plagues. But still, they live on. But not for much longer. There is a group rising, who will stop their treachery once and for all! And who are they? Us! The Flushed Pets!\" The crowd cheers, clearly impressed by the speech. Huh. Guess I am pretty good at this. \"That was amazing, Max! You didn't even follow the script! Well, I'll let you get back to your food.\" \"Thanks. After that, I'm probably gonna get some shut-eye.\" \"Sounds good. And tomorrow morning I can tell you our plan.\" \"Great.\" Chloe POV, during Max's speech \"Hey, Rhonda?\" \"Still not my name, but what is it?\" \"What do you think is going on while we're in here?\" \"Probably not much. The chances that something important is happening as we speak are pretty slim.\" \"Eh, you're right.\" \"What do you mean he joined the Flushed Pets!?\" \"I mean what I said.\" \"B-but he'd never do something like that!\" \"I already told you. He's not in his normal state of mind. But we need to get that out of the way. What's more important is their plan.\" \"You're right...\" \"Don't worry. He'll come back to the light.\" \"Have you seen it? Being psychic and all.\" \"I'm afraid not. However, deep in his heart he still has the burning desire to do the right thing. He will come back.\" \"Okay. What do you know?\" \"The Flushed Pets have a human scientist under their control. He can understand them, and he is the brother of Katie's deceased friend Linda.\" \"Joel!?\" Katie asks in shock. \"Yes. They are having him create a powerful super-weapon to destroy humanity once and for all.\" \"Well, what can we do about it?\" I demand. \"Unfortunately, not much. After careful observation, we discovered that this terrible weapon will be unleashed no matter what we do.\" \"So you're telling us to give up!?\" \"That's not what I said at all. I said it will be unleashed no matter what. However, if we do as much as we can to delay it, then we can get what I believe is the best possible outcome, and the one that will win us this battle.\" \"What is it?\" I ask, intrigued. \"Destiny has not allowed me to see the full image, as the outcome is still very unclear. But I can see the silhouette of a dog standing up to the weapon.\" \"Do you have any more details on the silhouette? Shorthair or longhair? Big dog or small dog?\" \"Fate does not allow me to recall this.\" \"Okay. So, what do we have to do for this 'best possible outcome'?\" Duke asks. \"In order to obtain this outcome, we must intercept as many of the Flushed Pets' supply runs as we can. Luckily for us, Fate has told me where and when the next one is.\" \"Well?\" \"Tomorrow, at half past noon, the Flushed Pets will send a squadron to Joe's Hardware Store, led by their new Commander.\" \"Okay. Thanks! We'll come back tomorrow, and tell you how it goes!\" \"Oh, trust me. I already know how it goes. I just can't tell you, or it could screw the whole thing up.\" \"Okay,\" I interrupt, annoyed. \"Then we'll be back to ask about the next one.\" \"Alright. Later.\" We are escorted out of the building, and we return to the rooftop where we met up. \"Hey, guys!\" Mel barks. \"No sign of Max! Hope he's okay...\" \"You and me both,\" Buddy adds. \"Learn anything good?\" \"Well, first of all, Max may not be the normal definition of 'okay'...\" Katie tells them. \"What do you mean by that?\" \"He may have joined the Flushed Pets.\" She responds, and explains everything. \"Oh. Well, that's no good!\" \"Alright, now we need to discuss who's going to go intercept the FP tomorrow.\" Katie tells us. \"I'll go,\" I say. \"I need to do this. I can't just sit around, helpless. Max wouldn't want that.\" \"I guess I'll come, too,\" Duke adds. \"Max wouldn't expect me to do anything, but I will anyways.\" \"I'm comin' too!\" Snowball shouts. \"I owe TD a lot!\" \"Me too.\" Tiberius butts in. \"If it's all the same to you,\" Buddy says. \"I think me and Mel are gonna sit this one out.\" \"Alright, looks like we've all decided. We'll meet back here tomorrow. Snowball, bring some carrots. Max told me all about the kinds of things you can do with them.\" \"Right! Later, fellas!\" \"You too!\" Snowball hops down the stairs, and he's gone. I really miss Max. I hope he can get over this soon. And I hope he'll be able to forgive himself for what he said to me. \"All right, Commander. It's time for your first mission.\" Kristal tells me as we enter the war room. \"What's the plan?\" I ask. \"You're going to take a squad into Joe's Hardware Store. Do you know where that is?\" \"Yeah. I've seen it on walks before.\" \"Good. Now, I'm going to introduce you to our most elite squadron. You're gonna be in charge of them for the most part. You may already know a few of them. Viper Force, report!\" \"Tattoo!\" \"Jack!\" \"Derek!\" \"Joanie!\" \"Oh,\" I say, impressed. \"Hey, guys. Don't know you Joanie, but I know Tattoo and Derek from the whole 'Sewer Escape' thing, and I know you are one of the dogs who repeatedly attacked me.\" \"Yeah...\" Jack says, sheepishly. \"Sorry about that. The past is in the past, though, right Commander?\" \"Definitely. Now, let's roll.\" \"Wait!\" Kristal interrupts. \"You don't even know what you're trying to get!\" \"Oh. Yeah.\" \"We need as many 9 volt batteries as you can get.\" She sighs. \"You know what those are, right?\" \"Yes. Anything else?\" \"The guy says he also needs a welding torch. He also says it'll be in a box with the words 'welding torch' on it. Don't worry, Tattoo can read.\" \"...how?\" \"I don't know. Anyways, weren't you about to 'roll'?\" \"Right. Let's roll, Viper Force.\" \"And if you lead them well enough I might rename it to the 'Max Force'!\" Kristal barks as we exit. \"Tattoo! There are some more batteries over there!\" I direct. Derek pushes the shopping cart over, and Tattoo knocks the batteries in. \"Have you seen any signs of that torch thing?\" \"Already put it in!\" he squeals. \"Good work, Tattoo!\" \"Jack! Joanie! See any more batteries?\" \"No,\" Jack responds. \"But we're about to have company.\" I hear the telltale sound of the shop door opening and quickly hide under a shelf. I'll survey the situation from afar before I jump in. I motion for Derek and Tattoo to hide as well. I look to the door to see a figure I despise. Katie. And with her are Gidget, Duke, Tiberius, and Snowball. \"Jacky boy!\" Snowball shouts. \"Are you the new Commander?\" \"Nope.\" \"I am,\" I growl, walking out into the open. \"Max!?\" \"That's right.\" \"Max... it doesn't have to be this way...come back to us. There's no way you can win this. We have you outnumbered, 5 to 3.\" Gidget tells me. \"Come on, Gidg . You're smarter than that. Didn't I just come out of hiding? No. It's 5 to 5. And we have the element of surprise.\" Derek jumps on Katie, knocking her over, and Tattoo hops on top of Duke. \"There we go.\" I snicker. \"You're right now. 5 to 3. And the Flushed Pets come out on top.\" Suddenly, both are launched off their targets. Katie sees our shopping cart and knocks some shelves down on top of it. \"Tactical retreat!\" Jack yelps running away. The rest of the squad follows suit, leaving me in the dust. Hmph. Elite, huh? \"Max...come with me,\" Katie says. \"I can...I can help you. We can just forget all of this. Just...come back with us.\" \"I'm not going anywhere with you...\" I growl and run out of the building. \"Max!\" I manage to escape into the sewers. But what's this feeling? This feeling, telling me I should have accepted the offer. Is it...regret? Max... I can't believe it. In just a day, he's changed from the lovable little bag of fun to a cold-blooded jerk. Who could ever think he could change that way? \"Gidget? Are you okay?\" Katie asks, worried. \"Not really, but I'm trying. It's what the Max I know would want me to do. But what about you, Katie? Are you okay?\" \"...No. I'm not.\" She responds. \"Hearing those words come from his mouth... I feel like I've been crushed by a stack of bricks.\" \"Katie, he doesn't mean it. The real Max would never say that to anyone, and certainly not you!\" \"Yeah, the old Max. Who knows, maybe this is the real Max. Ever think of that?\" I look away. I hadn't thought of that, but now that she's mentioned it... It makes sense. All I can do is hope it's not true. Still smells terrible down here, but I've gotten used to it. As I walk down the tunnel, I try to shove all of the happy memories back. The ones telling me to turn around and apologize. I can't do that! Humans are evil! And Katie? She's the worst. She used me! I don't need them. I don't need any of them. I don't need those pets! I don't. Do I? After a really, really long walk, I finally find myself at the entrance to the Underbelly. \"Don't ask the leader for the password.\" I tell the snakes tiredly before they even get the chance to ask. \"Max!\" \"You're okay!\" The faces of my squad are filled with joy. \"Yeah,\" I mutter. \"No thanks to you.\" \"Okay, we're really sorry about that. We thought you said 'Tactical retreat', but it was Jack, the little coward. We didn't realize you weren't with us until we got about halfway here, and we thought you were done for!\" \"It's fine. In the end, I'll want you to leave when I do face them. It's my fight, not yours.\" \"Oh, hey Max.\" Kristal says from across the room. \"Knew you made it out of there. Come on, let's go discuss a plan B.\" \"Alright, see you guys later.\" I tell them, heading towards her. Suddenly, I hear another voice from above me. \"Maxy! I found you!\" It's her . Jess. \"So, Gidget...\" Katie calls. \"What's up?\" \"I need your help to find Jess. If we don't, Susie is gonna be so pissed.\" \"...I'm sorry, Katie... But I just can't help find her. None of this would have happened if it weren't for her. Max would still be here. So, I just can't. I hope you understand.\" \"Yeah. Well, I'm off. I've gotta do it, even if you don't help. Go see the Caged Domestics with Duke. See what they can tell you. Bye!\" \"Bye!\" I just stand there for a moment, before lowering myself to the floor. \"Oh...\" I mutter. \"I miss him so much.\" \"Max? Who is this dog? And why does she look like you?\" Kristal asks. My whole body begins to shake in fear and hatred as I look at her. \"Maxy! Come on, we should get you home! Katie's gotta be worried sick about you!\" \"Why?\" I ask. \"Why would I listen to you? After what you did?\" Jess' entire body slouches over. \"Max... I know this may not help much...but I'm sorry.\" \"No. You're not. Supreme Commander Kristal?\" \"Uh... yeah, Max?\" She replies, then mutters \"No need to be so formal...\" \"Could you please have her thrown with the others? And if I ever need to see any of them, could you have her temporarily moved? I never want to see her again.\" \"Yeah, sure. Guards? Do as he said.\" \"Maxy!\" Jess yelps. \"What are you doing?\" I turn away and ignore her. \"I'm going to bed,\" I tell everyone. \"Please, don't bother me until tomorrow.\" I walk towards my room. I really need some sleep... Max POV, 3 years earlier \"Okay, Max, be good!\" Katie says, leaving me behind. \"Hey, Max! Come here, boy!\" Her sister calls. After a moment of hesitation, I follow. \"I've got someone for you to meet, boy!\" After a moment, I find myself face-to-face with another Jack Russell. \"Jess? This is Max. He's my sister's dog. Max, this is Jess.\" I move in a little closer and sniff her. \"Hi!\" She says suddenly. I let out a surprised yelp. \"Sorry! Max, right? Well, like Susie said, I'm Jess! Nice to meet you!\" \"Uh...yeah. Nice to meet you, too.\" \"So, what do you like to do during the day?\" \"Well, what I usually do is sit in front of the door and wait for Katie to come back.\" \"Oh...anything else?\" \"Well, sometimes some of my friends come over and we hang out. What about you?\" \"I spend most of my time looking for the perfect partner.\" She sighs. \"What, like a good friend?\" \"No, silly! A romantic partner!\" \"Oh...\" 6 Months Later Aw, darn it! Katie's leaving me here for a few days again! \"Hey, Maxy!\" \"Uh... It's just 'Max'.\" \"Awwww. Can I please call you Maxy?\" \"Please don't.\" \"Pretty please?\" \"No...\" \"Pretty please with dog treats on top?\" \"...you're not gonna stop asking until I say yes, are you?\" \"Nope!\" \"Fine.\" \"Yay! Maxy, you're the best!\" I sigh in annoyance. 1 Year Later \"Hey, Maxy!\" \"What is it, Jess?\" I call back, annoyed. \"Come here!\" I make my way towards the room she's in. \"What is it?\" I ask as I enter the room. \"I think Susie put out your food early!\" \"Wow! What about yours?\" \"Don't worry about it! I can wait. Eat up!\" I begin to wolf the food down before I begin to feel a little queasy. \"J-jess? I don't...feel so good...\" \"Don't worry, Maxy! Everything's going according to plan.\" \"Wha-\" I begin to ask before I black out. As I come to my senses I find myself in a rather awkward position. I open my eyes only to find darkness. I attempt to move, but it seems like I've been tied up or something. \"Ah, good! You're finally awake, Maxy!\" I try to reply, but the gag in my mouth stops it. \"Sorry, but as cute as your obliviousness and bad jokes are, I can't take that off. You'd either bite me or be too loud.\" I struggle to escape my confinement, but to no avail. \"Uh, uh, uh! I'll let you out before Susie gets back, don't worry! Should be about 6 hours. But until then we have plenty of time for fun.\" She says, seductively. I try to move away, but can't move an inch! \"Come here, Maxy~!\" She chirps. I close my eyes tightly as she begins to- Present ","Summary":" Katie's sister is bringing Jess over in a few hours... I don't know if I'll be able to deal with he"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Ahora entiendo","Author":"Andrew slade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12268734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola a todos, bueno soy nuevo en esto, me encantan los dibujos animados y la escritura, hablo dos idiomas español e ingles, aunque no muy fuido, pero espero que mis hisyorias les gusten y no olviden R Y R... :D No se por que nunca me di cuenta de lo que realmente sentia por Gidget... Aun recuerdo la primera vez que llegue al departamento de Katie, todo era gran felicidad, tenia todo lo que un cachorro podria desear, una cama, una pelota, 3 comidas al dia, el amor de una gran dueña y grandes amigos, pero creo que habia algo que me alegraba aun mas. Esa pequeña y blanca criatura que vivia enfrente de mi ventana, al principio solo la veia como una mascota mas de los edificios que me rodeaban, pero luego de un tiempo me empece a dar cuenta de que ella me espiaba y su forma de mirarme se hacia mas intrigante, con mas cariño y esa delicada sonrisa que se dibujaba en su rostro, al igual que sus brillantes ojos azules y su colita peluda meneandose lentamente. Su actitud siempre me causo mucha gracia y ternura, siempre que yo macaba mi pelota o miraba mi programa favorito en el sofa ahi estaba ella, mirandome acostada en su almoada al frente de la ventana, y cada vez que yo volteaba, ella rapidamente se asustaba y caia rodando hasta el piso, era como una pequeña cachorita recien nacida... Pero creo que a pesar de todo esto jamas me hice la idea de que talvez me gustaba, tal vez por mi egoismo de ignorarla y solo verla como la pequeña french puddle que vivia enfrente de mi... O incluso tal vez por que a mi parecer solo era una cachorrita indefensa, y no soy de los perros mas grandes y fuertes, y no me hubiera gustado el no poder defenderla, pero ahora creo que es ella la que me defenderia. Ahora creo, que no puedo vivir sin su precencia, la mejor decicion de mi vida aparte de vivir con katie y aceptar a Luke como mi mejor amigo, casi mi hermano, ha sido el decirle lo que debi haberle dicho hace mucho tiempo... \"vamos, vamos! Solo dicelo!\" me decia a mi mismo cuando ella y yo estuvimos solos la noche que salve a Luke Mientras mi corazon empezaba a latir como nunca mientras veia la cara de alegria de Gidget y su juguetona colita que se movia de un lado a otro. Mi corazon exploto en felicidad cuando ella se abalanzo ante mi y me dio esas pequeñas lamidas y esas caricias que solo decia una cosa... \"Te Amo\" Jamas te abandonare Gidget, eres el tono rosado de cariño en mi vida, no se que haria sin ti... ","Summary":" Hola a todos, bueno soy nuevo en esto, me encantan los dibujos animados y la escritura, hablo dos i"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Secret Life of Pets 2: Cats vs Dogs","Author":"Nightfly123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12233234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello Everyone and welcome to my first Secret life of pets story and it will involve my first OC in this fandom along with the characters of the movie while my OC from the Rio fandom Nightfly will make a special appearance. I hope that you will enjoy it. :) 2 weeks have passed since the battle on the Brooklyn bridge and the rescue of both Max and Duke but now all of the pets are having a peaceful time sleeping in their beds until the morning sun had risen in the sky. The pet's owners left the house as usual which meant that the pets can do whatever they like although they would have to avoid getting into trouble for when their owners would return home later in the day but all they cared about right now was enjoying their free-time with each other. A familiar male Jack Russell Terrier and a large brown shaggy Mongrel were eating their breakfast when the other pets came into their apartment since they all agreed to watch a movie of the large brown shaggy Mongrel's choosing together. \"Hey Max\" said a pug who was being hyperactive. \"How are you?\". \"I'm fine Mel\" said Max as he looked at the others. \"How are you guys anyway?\". \"We're fine Max\" said Chloe as she tried to get through the small gap in the window. \"Although I am once again stuck in this window\". Suddenly she somehow managed to get herself free from the window and enter Max's apartment before she walked over to him with Gidget and Tiberius following her while the others entered through the front door. Max was happy to see his friends and he knew that he was glad to have them with him and his friend Duke who had just finished his breakfast when he saw his new friends which caused him to charge at them before hugging them. \"Hello guys\" said Duke, happily as he broke the hug. \"It's so great to see you guys again\". \"Hey Duke\" said Buddy, also happily. \"How's it going?\". \"It's going great\" said Duke. \"I am so happy to have friends like you guys\". Duke was having a better time being with his new friends since Max had tried to embarrass him the first time which he knew wasn't going to happen again although he remained sceptical about it before letting it go. Suddenly a Red-Hawk had flown into the room while carrying a familiar female white Pomeranian who Max recognised instantly as the one dog who was the big reason why he was still in his apartment today. \"Hey Gidget\" said Max, happily. \"Who's your friend?\". \"Hey Max\" said Gidget as she landed in front of him before looking at the Red-Hawk. \"This is Tiberius and I could of swore that I told you that already\". \"Don't worry Gidget\" said Max, chuckling. \"I was just kidding with you\". \"Oh right\" said Gidget, chuckling nervously before she began to introduce the two. \"Anyway, Tiberius this is Max and Max this is Tiberius\". \"Nice to meet you Max\" said Tiberius as he looked at Max with hungry eyes. \"You look delicious\". \"It's a pleasure meeting you Tiberius-\" said Max before he realized something that Tiberius had just said. \"-Hang on a minute, did you just say that I am delicious\". Tiberius quickly had a worried expression appear on his face knowing that he accidently let his brief killer instincts take over him and he slowly turned his head to Gidget who looked at him with a 'Don't even think about it' expression which only caused Tiberius to respond with a nervous smile. Max was still confused over why Tiberius had said that he was delicious but he shrugged it off after seeing that Gidget had everything under control although Max did feel sorry for Tiberius since they had only just started to get to know each other. \"So Gidget?\" asked Max as he looked at Gidget. \"What brings you here today?\". \"Two reasons\" said Gidget, chuckling nervously. \"One is because I wanted to see you again and the other is because I wanted to tell you that I have a roommate\". \"Really?\" asked Max, happily. \"That is so awesome...who is it?\". \"My new roommate is a plain white American Akita\" said Gidget. \"His name is Riley\". \"That's incredible Gidget\" said Max. \"What's he like?\". \"He's very shy and I don't blame him\" said Gidget. \"He is also very kind and helpful as well as sweet\". \"Ok Gidget\" said Max chuckling. \"I think I get it but I really want to meet him in person\". \"Wait right there\" said Gidget before she called for Tiberius. \"Tiberius, can you please go back to my apartment and bring Riley here?\". \"Sure, no worries\" said Tiberius as he flew away. \"This should be interesting\". Max couldn't wait to meet Riley and he knows that he has to take it easy on the guy since he did hear from Gidget that Riley was very shy which was why Max wanted to take a slower pace with Riley in order to try and have a conversation with him. Gidget herself couldn't be more excited since this would be a great opportunity for Riley to make new friends with other dogs including the only cat Chloe who was busy chasing the light that the bird Sweetpea was using to tease her. Soon Gidget began to tell her friends about her roommate Riley which caused Mel to become hyperactive with excitement to the point of running around the room with happiness before Gidget had to forcefully ask him to calm down as they waited for Tiberius to come back with Riley. Chloe was also very excited to meet Riley despite her lazy nature since she would do nothing but eat food like turkey or even cake but she does get out and about although that would mean she would mostly go and see Max. ","Summary":" Hello Everyone and welcome to my first Secret life of pets story and it will involve my first OC in"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"The Origin of Tiberius","Author":"J.Caesar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12228677","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey readers. It's been a while since I have seen this movie, but I found it very enjoyable. I took a particular liking to Tiberius, the predatory, somewhat cynical, yet loyal friend of Gidget. I think hawks, and birds of prey in general, are magnificent creatures. Anyway. I figured Tiberius deserved a nice background story, hence I wrote this fanfiction one-shot. (I whipped it up in a few hours, so fingers crossed that typos are limitedly present.) The Origin of Tiberius the Hawk *Tap, tap, tap* The pounding against the bars of the cage stirred the eyelids of the little hawk into action. First blinkingly, adjusting to the light, then they looked curiously at the relatively enormous head of the human child that was poking at him. The kid stared back, equally intrigued by the brown chick that sat on a stick in the middle of the cage. Neither of them knew anything about the other and this fuelled the drive to gaze at each other in silence. A silence rudely interrupted by the child's mother. \"Jimmy! Get away from that thing.\" \"But mom, he looks funny!\" The kid whined. \"We're not getting you such a murderous beast! Here, let's have a look at those hamsters over there.\" The petit hawk sighed as the kid was dragged off by his mother and upon reaching the rodent section, immediately fell in love with them. With a clear disappointment in his eyes, he witnessed the pair leaving with a guinea pig. This was his life ever since he was picked up and brought to this pet store last year. He had fallen out of his nest and a pair of giants had found and dropped him off here. Everyone that came here regarded him with suspicion. Some of the male kids sometimes showed a bit of interest in him, but it never got any further than that. \"Failed again, hunh?\" His neighbours laughed at him. They were a pair of budgerigars who had been here as of last week. They had been nothing but horrible to him. \"Of course not, who would want him?\" The second bullied. The hawk flew up and slammed its talons in the side of his cage, slightly spooking the two budgies that made fun of him. But this was only for a second. \"If there wasn't a fence between us, I'd peck your eyes out.\" The hawk threatened. \"See, that's why you have no friends.\" \"Yea. You're a bad bird.\" \"Shut up. I'm not a bad bird!\" \"You're a bááád bird. A bad, bad bird. You're a bááád bird…\" The budgies sang. He turned his back on them, knowing they would stop soon. He hated them almost as much as he envied them. Their kind was appreciated and adored by humans, in contrast to his own. Nobody liked killer hawks. Not a day went by that he wished he hadn't been born a parakeet. Or a macaw. Or maybe be a dog. They always received love, care and cuddles. The chicklet didn't know love. He didn't know family. He didn't even know his own name. Even the owner of the shop treated him with readable fear on his face. Everyone despised him. And the sign on his cage reading: ' Careful, I bite' surely didn't help. He hung his head as a tear sprang from the corner of his eye. Behind him, the entry bell jingled and a pair of good mornings was exchanged. The footsteps moved hesitantly through the aisle in which his cage was positioned. The chick didn't even turn around. They weren't here for him anyway. The footsteps ceased and he heard a whistle. He raised his head as he heard it again. \"Are you sure he's healthy?\" A creaky voice spoke. \"I believe so, yea.\" The owner replied from a distance. The hawk turned around and looked straight into a big pair of glasses. Behind the two walls of semi-reflective glass, blueish irises glared at him. They spooked him and instinctively, he squeaked softly. \"He's gorgeous.\" The man behind the spectacles said, \"how much for him?\" The owner of the pet store walked over to the cage and gave the hawk a indistinct look. \"Errr, is 200 bucks okay?\" \"That's really cheap for a bird of prey. Even a little one.\" \"Look man, I'm just glad to see him go. All he does is eat my profits with all that meat. If you got a license to own falcons, I'd be happy to sell him to you for a mere 200 dollars.\" The bald elder looked again at the him through the iron bars. The tiny animal had been following the conversation as best he could and stared right back. Deep in him, a fear crawled up from his gut to his chest. This was mostly the moment were people turned their backs on him. \"It's a red-tailed hawk actually.\" Then the two humans left, and all the hope faded away again. The fact that this man had gotten further than any other in his history at the pet store, yet even he eventually backed away. Nobody wanted him. Suddenly, the old man reappeared in front of him. And then, the moment he had waited for had finally arrived. \"Come on, little guy. Let's go home.\" . When the red curtain was removed from his cage, the light stung his eyes. For the past three hours he had been blind to his surroundings and all he had done was wonder. Wonder why the man had picked him. Now he found himself to be in an apartment of some sort. His cage stood on a basic, wooden table; a potted plant on a hand-knitted doyley next to him. The walls were grey of colour and an occasional photograph was all that decorated them. In one of the pictures, he saw a black and white photograph of young boy with a cap and a striped shirt. He wore a glove with on top of it a Harris's Hawk. The boy seemed overjoyed. In the adjacent picture, a middle-aged man in a green overall held a piece of paper in one hand and a juvenile Steller's sea-eagle on a glove in the other. \"Here we are.\" The old man came walking out of the kitchen with a plate of meat. He placed it on the table and went to retrieve something from a cupboard that stood against the wall. The petit hawk followed his every move, even though he became slightly distracted by the scent of the meat. The man returned with a cage standard and placed it in the middle of the room. He picked up the cage with a small groan and lifted it onto the standard. Then he placed a chair next to it and sat down with the meat platter on his lap. With a pair of tweezers, he stuck the first piece through the bars and held it in front of his bird. Suspicious at first, the chicklet snatched the meat and ate it with a grateful look. The elder continued to feed him the rest of the food. \"There. Good boy.\" Suddenly, the man opened the door of the cage. The bird turned his head to observe what was happening, for this had never happened before. The man's hand got closer and closer. Slowly and cautiously. Then it touched him. On the stomach. The hawk screeched in response. The man was startled and pulled back. But then he did it again. Gently, he stroked the feathers on the chest and stomach. It felt strange, yet comforting. Never in his life had the chick been petted. For all he knew, he hadn't deserved it. He was despised by all, was he not? He looked at his owner curiously. \"There, good Tiberius. Do you mind if I name you Tiberius?\" \" Tiberius. So that's my name!\" He replied. The man could not understand, though recognized no denial. He smiled caringly. \"Okay then.\" He continued to caress the chick's plumage, \"You're a beautiful bird, you know that?\" Tiberius tilted his head again. In the past hour, this man had given him more affection and kindness than he had had in his entire life. And over the next years, that never ceased. Every day, the old man fed him, rubbed his feathers, and allowed him to fly an hour from the top of the building. His life was fantastic. But this paradise wouldn't last forever. And on one fateful afternoon, everything changed. . Tiberius had just flown above New York's sky scrapers for over an hour and he rested his wings after descending onto his owner's leather glove. He had learned that his feet were too sharp too land anywhere else. A tough lesson that had been imprinted after he had unintentionally wounded the human he held dear. They were on their way down the stairs when suddenly, his owner lost his footing. The man tumbled forward and instinctively, Tiberius flew up and landed on a nearby railing. Panicked and not knowing what to do, Tiberius screeched for help. But nobody came. He glided down the staircase and tried again at the next floor. It worked. Someone opened the door and he soared out into the hallway. \" Help. My owner is hurt!\" However, Tiberius's frightening appearance caused the people to flee. Eventually, he landed near the door to the staircase. He was tired of calling and flying. But he had to go on. His owner was still in trouble. He had to… *whoosh* A black cloth darkened his world. Voices started to echo around him. \"Where did he come from?\" \"It attacked my son!\" \"Who would want such a savage monster?\" \"I think he belongs to the old man on the fifth floor.\" Not long after, he felt a leather glove against his feet. The glove! His owner was okay! He stepped onto it. He screeched, asking for the hood to be removed. He got no reply. What was going on? \"Over here!\" A faint voice called. \"There's an old man here that needs help!\" . After a week alone in a day-care, Tiberius was finally reunited with his owner, who had come to pick him up. Yet there was something amiss. The man used a cane now to move around and seemed to walk even slower than before. They also travelled by a cab and not in their own car. When they took the lift at the apartment building, Tiberius was certain. The fall had taken away his owner's mobility. Without the cane, he wouldn't be able to move around and for that reason he could no longer walk stairs, nor drive a car. And the disappointment didn't end there. When they arrived at the roof of the building, Tiberius was brought to the old shed that belonged was placed there for him. After giving him a mouse to eat, his owner tethered him with a small chain. This he had never done before. Tiberius looked quizzically from the chain to his owner. \"I'm sorry old friend. But I'm no longer allowed to have you in my apartment.\" A true emotional pain laced the man's speech as he stroked the hawk's chest. \"The other people have complained that you are too dangerous for their kids and the other pets.\" A smile crept on his face, \"They're not wrong, but you can't help it. You were born with killer instincts.\" \" Killer instincts? Is that why I like to eat other animals?\" The man waited for him to finish eating and then pulled a cap over his head. \"I'm sorry, Tiberius. I will visit again soon.\" And even though the man frequently came to him on the roof and let him roam the skies, the feeling was not the same. Sure the bird was overjoyed each time the man returned, but in between those meetings, his life was dark and lonely. The only company he had, were occasional mice that wandered into his lair and the pigeons that sat on his shed. But they were far from nice to him. The mice mocked him, and the pigeons ignored him when he talked to them. And those animals set aside, there was nobody. All those hours in darkness, occasionally backed up by the clattering sound of the rain on the roof, reminded him of his solitude. And this solitude made him bitter and selfish. He didn't need anyone. They were nothing but food to him anyway. He was the one with killer instincts. And with this in mind, he grew more emotionally distant from other animals. He used his cunning to rid himself of the mice. As they had always taunted him, he had dared them to come closer, pretending to be more incapacitated than he truly was. The tiny fools always bought it. As for some of the pigeons. They were easily fooled when he said that 'he didn't know what to do with all the food he had'. Those voracious flyers simply couldn't resist coming into the shed. What Tiberius didn't know, was that his life was once again about to take a change for the better, when a soft female voice stirred him from his afternoon slumber. \"Where are you Max…\" the voice sighed. \"Looks like you could use a little help.\" He spoke kindly. \"Who is that, who said that?\" \"Over here, in this dark and foreboding shed.\" He continued. With a soft toddle, the newly arrived victim headed for the door of his cage. \"Uh. Hello?\" \"I can see for miles. If you let me out, I'll find your friend.\" \"Wow really? Aw, you're so sweet.\" A flashback from his owner popped into his head. \" You're a sweet bird, Tiberius, you know that?\" He shook his feathers and refocussed on the task at hand. \"You're sweet too.\" He replied. \"Oh-ho-ho, thanks stranger.\" \"But not too sweet. There's also a salty, gamey thing going on.\" He added, trying to sound not to suspiciously friendly. \"Yea, that's me. C'mon, let's get you out of that shed.\" He heard the door unlock. Apparently, this animal was a lot larger than the occasional rodent that he lured inside. He was probably going to need his eyes for this. But for that, he first needed to trick his victim into removing his hood. \"Yea, that's it. Just step over the pile of bones.\" \"Pile 'a bones. Okay, will do.\" The female heaved a sigh. \"I sure hope Max is okay.\" Again that caring undertone that he had only ever heard in his owner's voice. It had him wonder who he was dealing with. Not that it mattered. She would soon be nothing more than a memory and a full stomach. \"You're a very thoughtful food.\" He mentally slapped himself for this slip of the tongue. \"Food? I didn't say that, I said friend. Heh! I meant food, fe-friend. You know what I meant.\" \"I'm sure lucky I found you, uh…?\" The bird leapt forward. \"Tiberius. And yes, this is a very good thing for you, this whole… meeting me thing. Take of my hood.\" He said, bowing. The unsuspecting interlocutor took away the hood and Tiberius opened his eyes. Opposite him stood a small, white Pomeranian with a pink bow on her head. Yes, she was a manageable size for him to take down. This would be an easy kill. He jumped up and flew after her. She realized what was going on just in time to escape through the small door. Tiberius landed with his claws in the doorframe and bit at the runaway dog. He tasted fur and shampoo. She was properly groomed, that was good. He was convinced that the rats he usually caught didn't even know what hygiene meant. He proceeded his chase. He got closer and closer. Just a bit more. She was but an inch away. Just one more flap of his wings and then… *Twang* A strong grip on his paw stopped him in his tracks and had him fall onto the ground. \"Ack! The chain. Aw.\" He scolded him for his own forgetfulness. \"OH! You tried to EAT ME?!\" The dog replied angry. \"I'm sorry.\" He faked an apology. \"You should be sorry! You deserve to be locked up. You're a bad, bad bird.\" Another flashback popped into his mind. This time of the budgies that had sung what a bad bird he was on a daily basis. It couldn't be a coincidence that this dog said the exact same thing. He also remembered the past years in the shed. He had maimed and eaten everyone he ever met there. Sure, some of them had been mean to him, like the mice, yet he had also lured in many animals that were simply gullible. What if he really was a bad bird? No. He was at the top of the food chain. They, this dog included, were nothing but food to him. He had to try and lure her in again. \"I can't help it! I was born with killer instincts!\" He replied in attempt to reconcile. His owner had said it to him once and he hoped that she, as a dog, would accept this as a reason for his behaviour. She didn't. \"That is just no excuse!\" Realizing that this was probably true, Tiberius hung his wings and started to cry. \"You're right. Even for a predator I'm selfish. I'm a selfish predator. It's no wonder I have no friends. Nobody! I'm just hopeless...\" He cried harder to support his played remorse, even summoning a few tears. \"Oh don't… There is no need to cry. I'm sorry that I yelled at you before.\" \"Please take off the chain.\" He asked, limping forward on one leg, \"This time I'll help you, I promise.\" She looked at him with suspicion. \"Tiberius. This is gonna sound completely horrible, but… uh… I don't fully trust you.\" He resumed his sorrowful whimpering. \"Oh, no, no, no. But… I guess everyone deserves a second chance. And you are just a lonely old bird… and you do have weird manners because you live in weird shed on a roof.\" The hawk ceased his weeping. What she said was actually true. He was quite lonely up here. And as for the shed. It was indeed a little weird looking. \"So I'll tell you what. If you find Max…\" Yes. It appeared he had won her over. Soon he would be able to- \"…I'll be your best friend.\" \"Best friend?\" He uttered astonished, \"You and me?\" She wanted to be his best friend? Tiberius had never had any friends, nor had anyone ever wanted to be that with him. Just imagine all the things they could do together. We could fly together. Skydive together. Kill together. I had never had somebody to share all those activities with. Would she truly want that? \"That sounds nice. Let's do this!\" She leaned forward on unclipped the chain. I glanced at her again. She did look appetizing and she was within reach. No! I couldn't. She had without any insurance trusted me and set me loose. Nobody had ever had had so much faith in me before. She was my friend. My best friend! I couldn't eat her, not anymore. I had to help her find this other guy. Because helping one another is what I believe friends do. I flew up and landed on a metal exhaust of some kind. Then I turned back to her. She gazed at me expectantly. \"So what does this Max look like?\" Well, you know the rest ;). Hope you liked it. Kind Regards, ","Summary":" Hey readers. It's been a while since I have seen this movie, but I found it very enjoyable. I took "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Little Tiberius","Author":"Alexriolover95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12233158","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! Who's ready for a Tiberius story? Now, I got this idea after reading JCaesar's \"The Origin of Tiberius\", about Tiberius in a pet store and his life with his old owner and why the hawk lives in a shed. Go check it out if haven't already! I decided to go more into the past, to explain why Tiberius would end up in a pet store, his life when he was born and then taken away… Which means… Well, I wouldn't spoil it! Also, I know I still have to finish \"Doggie Love\" and I will finish it! I promise! It was a cool spring day in the forests of the Northwestern North America, Canada, basically, the wind blew softly through the tall trees and the animals of the forest were at peace, doing what they usually do on such a nice day. Also in these vast forests were many beautiful birds of prey, hawks, eagles, and falcons, either hunting for food for their families or nursing their young. However, for one certain couple of red-tailed hawks, today would be a very special day… \"It should have hatched by now Adam…\" The female of the pair said as she stared at the single egg in the nest, perched on a thick branch of the tree the couple resided on. \"Give it time Grace, he or she will come out.\" The male known as Adam comforted his mate. Hours went by and the egg still didn't move the slightest bit and the couple were starting to get worried. Maybe the little hawk gave up on life and decided to not try to break free, instead to perish in its own prison. Then as the pair were finally going to give up and start to fly away to get some food, the egg started moving. \"Honey, look!\" Grace shouted as she grabbed Adam's wing. As if by a miracle, the egg started moving more and more and soon enough the shell started to break and crack. The hawk couple focused in on the egg, ready to welcome their little hawk into the world. It took some time, but finally a piece of the shell fell off and the first glimpse of the little featherless hawk could be seen, its father and mother holding onto each other, silently encouraging their child to press on. And eventually the little hawk broke enough of the shell that Grace could extend her wings froward to help out her child. As Grace took the little hawk, he was shaking from the cool wing blowing through, the newborn having no feathers to help him keep warm of course. Grace cradled her newborn in her wings, protecting him from the cool air and gently rocked him. This made the little hawk feel warmer and he relaxed in his mother's embrace, eventually closing his eyes and falling asleep. \"It's a boy Adam.\" Grace told his mate as she still cradled her little hawk. \"He's perfect.\" \"Indeed he is, what should we name him?\" Adam wondered. \"I would like to name him after my father, Tiberius.\" Grace suggested. \"Tiberius…\" Adam put his wing on his beak. \"I like that name.\" \"Welcome to the world, Tiberius.\" Grace smiled as she looked down at her sleeping child, while Adam watched as well from behind his mate. A few weeks passed and Tiberius grew more and more, his feathers starting to appear as well as his body becoming bigger and bigger, but he was still a little hawk compared to his mother and father. And he still couldn't talk yet, only chirps were heard from his beak to his parents' ears, but that made no difference to Adam and Grace, they loved Tiberius, making sure he was safe from other predatory birds. One day, Adam felt that Tiberius was safe enough to stay in the nest for some time while he and Grace went out to hunt for some food. However Grace wasn't so keen on the idea of leaving her son alone and without protection. She didn't want to lose her one and only son to something. \"Honey, are you sure he'll be fine, he's still so little and weak.\" Grace said. \"He'll be fine, he has to learn to fend for himself eventually and besides it has been such a peaceful day so far, what could go wrong?\" Adam tried to convince his mate to take a break from being a mother. \"Okay, I guess you're right, let me just say bye to him, just in case.\" Grace told Adam, walking to Tiberius, who was watching the beautiful landscape from the nest, admiring the endless forest of North America, when his mother picked him up and held him in her wings. \"Okay, my son, me and your father are going out for a little, stay here and don't come out of the nest, okay?\" Grace told the chick, to which he understood and nodded his head. \"Good boy, mommy loves you.\" Grace smiled and kissed her son's forehead. Grace sighed as she really didn't want to let go of her precious little boy, but she did, putting him down gently in the nest and then joining her mate, to which both of them flew off to hunt for some food. Tiberius saw his parents fly off and waved his tiny wing at them. As his parents were out of view, Tiberius really didn't know what to do, since there was hardly anything to keep him occupied in the nest. Eventually he felt sleepy, still being very young of course, so he laid down and and wrapped himself as best he could to keep himself warm before falling asleep. Little Tiberius was so lost in the dreamworld that anything that came into the nest would not even wake the little hawk, not even voices of humans… Walking through the forests were some hunters, illegally there in the national park, hunting for sport and they stumbled on Tiberius's tree. The hunters seeing the nest and smiling, one of them climbed the tree and as he reached the branch Tiberius was on and sleeping in, he smiled at the prize. \"What do you see up there!?\" One of the hunters below called out to his friend. \"It's a little red-tailed hawk!\" The hunter who was on the tree called down. \"Looks like he's sleeping, but just in case…\" And the hunter took out a gun and shoot Tiberius. \"Got you!\" The gun was not one that fired bullets, but tranquilizer darts. As it hit Tiberius, he felt the sting, but since he was very tired and the tranquilizer was working quickly on subduing the little hawk, he still slept like nothing happened. As the hunter was sure Tiberius was sound asleep and would not wake, he picked up the hawk, to take him and sell him for money. These hunters were also poachers, they shot the big, strong adults for a challenge, but decided on also stealing weak, little baby birds to sell on the market for some extra bit of money. And these hunters/poachers now have Tiberius. The tranquilizer was so effective, Tiberius didn't wake from the sound of the hunters' loud, heavy footsteps, the sound of a car engine starting and the car bumping over the rough roads, he even didn't wake up from the sound of the jet-powered plane he was on, roaring its engines as the plane took off from the airport and headed across North America, to one of the airports around New York City. As Tiberius was in a small cage in the cargo hold of the plane, he finally woke up, rubbing his eyes and yawning. However, the sun wasn't coming into his eyes, the peaceful sound of the North American forests wasn't heard, and he certainly didn't hear his mother's sweet voice. Tiberius panicked as he discovered he was in a whole different surrounding, the little hawk started to hyperventilate as he tried to make sense of where he was. In his fear, something, however, finally came out of Tiberius, his voice and it would be one a parent would be most happy to hear… \"Mommy… Daddy…\" Little Tiberius said in fright. \"Where are you?\" No adult red-tailed hawk came of course, Tiberius was alone, well except for all the other captured little birds of prey, but they were all occupied, either still asleep from the tranquilizers or in their own misery when they finally woke up and had the same reaction as Tiberius. The little red-tailed hawk just sat in his misery as the plane continued on its journey to New York, the hours going by until the plane finally began to descend in a downward direction. Tiberius noticed the change in the flight path and became scared as the plane touched down on the ground, giving a huge bump to the hawk in the cargo hold as he fell over from the impact when the plane's wheels rolled on the runway. The plane went slower and slower until it came to a complete stop and the cargo hold door opened up, pouring in the light of the day into the dark cargo hold. Tiberius shielded his eyes from the bright light as he could make out a few humans starting to unload the cargo. Eventually one of them picked up the cage little Tiberius was in and the little hawk started protesting, but to no avail. \"Where are you taking me!?\" Tiberius demanded, but it only came out as little screeches, to which the human didn't hear since he was wearing earmuffs in order to block out the constant sound of the busy airport. The human put Tiberius' cage alongside other cages in the back of a truck, bound for the city. Tiberius couldn't do anything as the cages were all loaded in the truck and a human closed the door, locking the door and once again leaving Tiberius in the dark. All the little hawk could do was cry and wrap his wings around himself, wishing for his parents to find him and take him back home. The truck, meanwhile, drove to the city, crossing over the Brooklyn Bridge, into Manhattan, where, of course, one of the world's busiest cities was bursting with activity. After all, eight million people lived and worked there, and it is called the city that never sleeps. The truck had to endure the traffic of the city, going through many red lights until it came to its destination, a pet store. The driver unlocked the door and Tiberius, once again, was exposed to the light of the day. Once his eyes adjusted, he saw what was outside and boy did it surprise him. He saw massive skyscrapers tower over the land, cement sidewalks with crowds of people walking on them, and the street filled with cars and trucks. It was so noisy and dirty compared to the tranquil, quiet of the forest and this difference only made the little hawk lose more hope that his parents would find him, if only he knew they were thousands of miles away. The pet store workers started bringing in the new animals, putting them in empty spaces in the store, Tiberius' cage being put down as the hawk looked around. He saw many other kinds of animals in cages and wondered if they shared the same fate as him. However, he couldn't worry about the others too much, he was just so confused and lonely, he just sat down in the cage and cried. As night fell, the city was still very much alive, the noises still going loud and the lights of buildings were all on, there was so much light that it was like daytime. However, in the pet store, the lights were all off, but Tiberius still had a hard time sleeping as the city, well, didn't sleep and the fact that his whole life was turned upside down. All he could do while trying to make himself as comfortable as he could and try to get some sleep was to think about his parents. Despite all the things he recently went through, he remembered his mother's last words to him… \"Good boy, mommy loves you.\" \"I love you too mom, I'm sorry…\" Little Tiberius cried out softly as the tears endlessly came out. And so that is the story of how Tiberius the Red-tailed hawk started his life, from hatching in the Canadian forest, to his life in a pet store in New York City. Well I admit I could have done this a bit better… But… Let me know what you guys think! Should I rewrite this or not? Can I do better? Your feedback is greatly appreciated! Oh and to continue on with what Tiberius' early life was like, again, you should read JCaesar's story! ","Summary":" Hey guys! Who's ready for a Tiberius story? Now, I got this idea after reading JCaesar's \"The Orig"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Brothers - Books 2 & 3: Remastered","Author":"HobbitsOfMordor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12298546","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: It's finally here. Books 2 and 3 of Brothers have been re-edited and transfered here. I put them together because of how short Book 2 is. It's only about an eighth of this. Enjoy. And I fixed the HTML tags. You're welcome. I wake up just as the door to the apartment closes. Darn it! So close! Hold on a minute… Katie left the TV on! What's this? \" But Goku…\" \" We can't leave…\" \" If you think your little friends can escape me, you're sorely mistaken.\" Whoa! That white guy looks awesome! \"Duke! Wake up! You gotta see this! It's so cool!\" \"whasit max.\" \"Look!\" \"Whoa.\" The white guy shoots some glowy thing out of his finger. It hits one of the small humans. \" Krillin look out!\" The guy is launched into the air! \" This time you won't come back.\" \" Krillin!\" The guy with the crazy hair turns around and yells \"Frieza! Stop this!\" The white guy, whose name is 'Frieza' I guess, clenches his hand. Suddenly, the guy in the air yells \"Help me!\", and then explodes! \"Whoa!\" Duke and I say simultaneously. Frieza laughs, and says \"Pop goes the weasel!\" This seems to really anger the guy with the crazy hair. \" I won't let you… get away… with this!\" Lightning strikes all around them. \" I won't… let you!\" Frieza looks shocked. Crazy hair guy's hair turns to gold for a second! The ground around him breaks apart and floats into the air. His hair continues to flash between gold and black until he finally screams in rage, and his hair turns to gold for good. He is surrounded by yellow energy, and his eyes have turned blue! \"Awesome!\" I bark. \"He looks so cool…\" Duke whispers. Two hours later, the fight between the two is finally coming to an end. Suddenly, the door opens, and the walker walks in. She looks at how attentively we are looking at the TV, then at the TV, and snickers. \"Oh my gosh, I have to show Katie this.\" She takes a video, making sure she catches both our faces and the TV, and sends it to Katie. Seconds later, her phone rings. I overhear their conversation. \"Linda, is that real?\" \"As real as you are.\" \"Put me on speakerphone.\" A few moments later Katie says \"Okay… My dogs like anime… Good to know.\" \"See ya later, Katie!\" Linda says \"Later\" \"Hey, Max?\" I hear her say, and I look at her. Suddenly, memories are flooding back! \" Alright, pup. I can do all that for you, but if you ever get into another pack, this deal may come back to bite ya. Not that you'll remember the deal. I have a friend who I think will be able to take good care of you. Her name is Katie.\" \" That sounds nice…\" I reply. \"Hold on… Are you the therapist?\" \"Heh! You're a perceptive little squirt, aren't ya! Looks like my hypothesis was right! So, is 'Alpha', as you called him, gone?\" \"yeah…\" \"I take it he went through with his promise and told you your story, yes?\" \"Yep.\" \"Good. Sorry, by the way. Even though I couldn't hear him, I could tell you were close.\" \"'s okay.\" \"Now let's get walkin'!\" \"Hey, Max?\" \"Yeah, Duke?\" I say, not looking away from the television. This show is so cool… \"Isn't Katie usually home by now?\" I look at the clock… \"Yeah…Usually, she's home when the clock has the same first symbol, then a line and a circle… Weird.\" I say, then look back at the TV. \"Do you think she's hurt?\" \"Nah! She's Katie! She's fine! Just keep watching, okay?\" Suddenly, the door opens. Duke bounds past me to the door. \"Told you so!\" I call after him, then shift my focus back on the screen. Ouch! Vegeta's arm looks pretty broken… \"So I guess it is true…\" I hear Katie say. \"Hm… Hey, Max! Maxamillion!? Hello?\" I manage to pry my eyes away from the screen and look at her. \"Here.\" She says, and presses a button on the remote, causing the screen to freeze. \"I've got a surprise for you guys!\" I instantly perk up at that. Huh… Guess I am still a bit spoiled. \"Follow me, Max! You wait here Duke, I'll be back with yours in a moment.\" I follow Katie dutifully. We enter her bedroom, and she lifts two things out of a bag she was carrying. How come I just noticed that? \"So, Max, I know you don't really like your current silver and black collar as much as your old gold and blue one.\" Well, that's an understatement. After our first little adventure, when Katie found out we lost our collars she got some simple ones with rectangular dog tags. Both were a basic black and silver. \"So…\" She begins, taking off my collar. \"I got you a new one.\" She shows me the new collar, and it looks awesome! It's very similar to my old books and gold one, but instead of a bone-shaped dog tag, there's a star-shaped one. I bark happily as she puts it on. I begin to jump off Katie's bed to show it to Duke, but Katie stops me. \"Hold on, boy!\" She tells me. \"Close your eyes for a second.\" I follow her command and feel something being tied around my neck. \"Okay, I'm done!\" She says, and I open my eyes. Looking into the mirror in front of me, I see myself wearing a bandana the same shade of blue as my collar. \"Now, I want you to stay here, boy. If you walk in there wearing all that fancy new stuff, it'll ruin the surprise for him! I bark in response. Man! I can't wait to see what he gets! I also can't wait to get back to my show… \" Gohan… Let it go.\" \"Duke I have a feeling this is gonna be great and ohmygoshicantwait!\" \"Whoa… Calm down, Max!\" \" It is not a sin… to fight for the right cause.\" Gohan stares at Android 16. \" I know how you feel, Gohan. You are gentle. You do not like to hurt. I know this because I too have these feelings. But it is because you cherish life that you must protect it.\" \"Yeah! You tell him, 16!\" \" Ugh. This sentimental downpour is killing me. So nice of you to help, 16, but I plan on doing this my way.\" \"Cell… Don't you dare touch 16!\" I growl. \"Max!\" \" Please… Drop your restraints.\" 16 continues. \"Protect the life I loved. You have the strength. My scanner sensed it. Just… let it go.\" Cell movies in and crushes what is left of Android 16. Gohan looks on in terror. \" Yet another fighter… You could've saved.\" Cell grins. \"I'll tear you apart!\" I bark. \"Jeez, Max…\" ' 16… You loved life.' Gohan thinks to himself. 'You gave everything up to save it… and you were just an android! I let you die… I can't do that! I won't watch anymore… I can feel it slipping…' \"Here we go!\" I bark. ' And I won't watch this… Anymore!' \" AHHHHHHHHHHH!\" Gohan erupts in rage. \"Aw! Here it comes, Duke! Here it comes!\" Electricity surrounds Gohan. His hair is sticking straight up except for a single bang. \"Oh man, Duke! That episode was awesome!\" \"Hey, guys!\" I hear Katie say, and run to the door. \"Hey, Maxamillion! Hey, Dukie-Wookie!\" \"Where'd that nickname come from, Duke?\" I ask. \"Who knows?\" He replies. \"You guys ready to go to Central Park?\" Oh yeah… I bark. \"Alright, let's go!\" We exit the apartment and get on the motorcycle. And we're off! Man, this speed still surprises me! Our bandanas are fluttering in the wind… Oh yeah! I forgot to mention Duke's new collar and bandana! He has a red and silver collar and a red bandana. His dog tag is shaped like a skull, which looks cool, I guess. I like my star better, though. Eventually, we arrive at Central Park. We get off the motorcycle, and Duke runs over to where my father is waiting. \"Hey, Dad!\" \"What's up, Max, Duke?\" Dad has started to treat Duke as his son as well. \"Oh, nothing much,\" Duke replies. \"Max is just way too interested in anime.\" \"Hey!\" \"But it's true!\" \"Alright, boys, settle down!\" Dad interrupts. \"So Max, how have you been?\" \"Pretty good! The vet says I'm fully recovered!\" \"That's good to hear! Anything else going on?\" Oh no… \"Hello? Max?\" Is tha ? I t i s… \"Max!? Are you okay?\" \"Theyreheretheyreheretheyrehere\" \"Howdy, Max! Did you miss us?\" \"Max! Max, are you okay!?\" ' e \"Max! It's just me, Buddy!\" \"And Mel!\" \"MAX!\" hold on… is that Katie? Suddenly, I've been lifted off the ground and into Katie's arms. \"It's okay, boy! It's okay!\" \"What's wrong with Max?\" I hear one of them ask. \"We haven't seen him in months and when we do he's scared of us!\" \"I think I know what's happening…\" Is that Duke? Wait… he's been here the whole time… \"Between now and the last time you saw him, Max… has gone through some pretty bad things…\" \"What does that have to do with it?\" \"I think he had a panic attack… because the size of our group of dogs triggered him.\" \"Oh…\" That makes sense… \"Max!\" Oh, that's Katie! \"Maybe you should stay out of groups for now…\" Looks like she realized the same thing we did. She puts me back on the bike and calls Duke over. \"I think you need to relax for a while.\" Duke jumps on the sidecar. Katie reaches into a bag and pulls something out. \"I was gonna save this for your birthday, but I think now's a better time than any.\" In her hands is a Dragon Ball Z Season One Blu-Ray. I bark happily upon seeing it. \"But Max…\" Katie says, and I calm down. \"We really need to get you checked out again.\" \"Hey, Duke?\" I ask, lying in our bed as I look at the screen. \"Yeah, Max?\" \"I feel horrible.\" \"Why?\" \"Buddy and Mel haven't seen me for months! And when they arrive at the park to see me, I have a panic attack!\" \"Max! We've gone over this!\" \"That was different!\" \"No, it wasn't! You 'felt terrible' then! You can't control it!\" \"i know. but i should be able to.\" \"No.\" He replies. \"You think you should be able to.\" \"Alright, Max. I'm gonna take Duke on a walk. Linda will be by to check on you soon.\" After saying this, Katie closes the door. I walk over to the TV and continue watching Nappa destroy Krillin and Piccolo. Man… Katie never takes me anywhere anymore… It's been about a week since the last incident, and I've only left the apartment for a grand total of five minutes. I understand that she's concerned, but I'm a dog! I need to be outside! I can't just spend my whole life indoors! Around an hour later, I hear a knock on the door as Goku finally arrives on the scene. Linda walks in. \"Hey, Max. I heard about what happened.\" She says. \"I figured as much…\" I reply. \"What do you and Duke think is the cause for that attack?\" \"We think it was because of the size of the group…\" I say. \"Katie does, too…\" \"Okay, that's probably it, then, because we all thought the same thing… Now, Max, I'm gonna tell you all of your triggers that we know about, and ones that are likely.\" \"Alright.\" \"Any of the dogs who attacked you, the park they attacked you in the second time, being in a large group of dogs, and the spot in the new park they attacked you in are ones I am certain of. But, any dog that looks like… what was her name? Oh yeah! Any dog that looks like Gidget, and maybe where those dogs attacked you the first time are also possible triggers.\" \"Okay, so I should avoid being exposed to those things if possible?\" \"Definitely. Oh, and there may be one more…\" \"What is it?\" \"Being exposed to a dog that's bigger than you.\" \"Wait a minute… That means that-\" \"Being around Duke could trigger you.\" I've been lying here for about an hour now… Linda's been leaving me alone… She must know how that news affected me… Katie and Duke will probably take it even worse than me… And after everything he's done for me, being around my brother could hurt me in the long run? When I hear the door open, I stuff my face even further into the bed. \"Oh, hey, Linda! How's Max doing? And where is he? He usually runs to the door when I get back…\" I can hear Duke looking around trying to find me. \"Well, Katie, I told him one of his possible triggers that he didn't like and I know you won't like.\" \"And what is that?\" \"Being around dogs bigger than him.\" \"… Like Duke…\" \"What!? No way!\" I hear Duke bark in protest. I don't move from my spot. If I can't be around him anymore, then I don't want my last memory with him to be a sad one. \"There's gotta be something you can do, Linda! I can't lose either of them! We're a family!\" \"Hold on…\" Linda replies. \"This might actually work in Max's favor.\" I perk up at this. I can tell that Duke does as well. \"What do you mean?!\" \"I believe Max has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder or PTSD. So, maybe exposure therapy could work. It could already be working. When you first brought home Duke, you told me that Max didn't seem to want Duke around. That could have been his trigger activating some passive-aggressive behavior. But you also told me that when you came home from work the next day, they were getting along extremely well. So, something must have happened that made Max somehow forget his trauma for long enough to form a bond with Duke. And he never seems to be triggered by any large dogs we walk by, so maybe Duke has gotten him past that trigger.\" The thing that made me forget must have either been our whole adventure or just the sausage factory. It was probably just the sausage factory. \"So…\" Katie begins. \"What you're saying is that if we can determine all of Max's triggers, and expose him to them effectively, we could get him through his PTSD?\" \"That's exactly what I am saying! And if I'm correct, Max should still be able to be around Duke!\" At this, I jump up and sprint into the room. \"Max! Did you hear?\" Duke asks. \"There you are Maxamillion!\" Katie says and picks me up off the ground. \"Alright, Linda!\" She says. \"Tell me his triggers so we can get started!\" \"Alright, Max,\" Linda says. \"Before we do this, I need to make sure you know that this isn't real. You will not be in danger. Do you understand?\" I nod. If I'm ever going to get over these triggers, I need to understand. \"Okay. Duke will be with you the entire time, and Katie is ready to run in and grab you if something goes wrong.\" I walk into the room with Duke at my side. Inside, I see Buddy, Mel, and my father. As I approach- Ohnoimnotsafe \"Max!\" I hear Duke say. \"You're safe.\" He's right! These are just my friends! \"H-hey B-buddy, M-mel,\" I say, my voice shaky. \"S-sorry about l-last time.\" \"Hey, it's fine!\" Buddy replies. \"Yeah, it ain't your fault!\" Mel adds. \"We had no idea you'd been through so much.\" My father says. So someone had told them. \"Katie! I think it's working!\" I hear Linda say in the other room. \"So, uh, Max, Duke, how you guys been doin'?\" Buddy asks. \"P-pretty good…\" I say, my voice getting more normal. \"We f-found this sweet new TV show!\" Wow… This is working quicker than expected. Must be because I already know them. We might have to do this again with dogs I don't know for it to work out. But as I thoroughly explain the awesomeness that is Dragon Ball Z, I see Duke roll his eyes in the corner of my vision, and I chuckle. Things are finally going back to normal. \"Okay Max,\" Linda says. \"We'll do another group session later, but now we're gonna try and get through some of the places that may trigger you.\" She leads Duke and I to a car, and we jump in the back seat. Linda enters the driver's seat, and Katie sits in the passenger's seat. \"So Max, the first place we're going is your old park. You need to understand that we're here to keep you safe.\" We park and exit the car. But as we walk through the gate… ohnotheycouldbehere \"Max?\" \"Dukewearentsafetheycouldbehere\" \"Max! You're safe! They aren't here!\" \"Yourewrongtheyrehere\" \"No, Max! They aren't!\" Gottogettosafety Runrunrunrunrunrun \"Max! Get back here! You're okay!\" Hold on a minute… Katie? I stop running but continue panting heavily. My whole body is shaking… \"Okay, we may have to come here a few more times for it to work…\" Linda says. \"But I think you can handle one more thing today. We're going to where those dogs attacked you in the other park.\" After a short drive, I find myself being directed to… Theyreheretheyreheretheyrehere Wait a minute… No, they're not! \"I think he got over this one! We'll still have to come back another time to be sure, but he may have done it!\" \"Good boy, Max!\" \"Great work bro!\" Ohnoohnoohnoohno \"Calm down, Max!\" Sheshereshesheresheshere \"Max!\" Whyissheheresheshouldbedead \"MAX!\" \" Hey, Max!\" \" Hey, Gidget. I… Uh… Just wanted to thank you… For saving me back there…\" I say awkwardly. I don't want her to think I'm interested in her romantically… \" Oh! It was nothing! We are friends, after all!\" She giggles. \" Yeah! And that's what friends are for! I gotta go, Gidget. Katie will be back soon, and Duke and I need to be there to meet her.\" \" Alright! Bye Max!\" She says. \"Wait… What do you mean, 'Duke and I'?\" \" Well, uh Gidget, it uh, means what it sounds like.\" \" But I thought you said he'd be gone soon…\" \" I want him to stay now, Gidget… I love him… He's like a brother to me now.\" \"Max? Are you okay?\" As I come back to the present, I notice tears leaking out of my eyes. It just… Hurts… So much… \"no duke… i'm not okay…\" \"We can fix this, Max.\" He replies. \"why, duke? why do i still care about her after everything she did? why does it hurt so much?\" \"It's just the kind of dog you are… You care about everyone… Even those who have done you have done you harm.\" \"i just wish it wouldn't hurt anymore. i just want everything to go back to normal.\" \"That's what we're trying to do, Max. And we can do it.\" That doesn't do anything to stop the seed of doubt in my mind to stop growing. \"Hey, Pops!\" \"Howdy Max! How you been doing with your girlfriend?\" \"Uh… You mean you don't know?\" \"Know what?\" \"She's dead…\" \"Oh…\" \" Hey, Max!\" \" Hey, Gidget.\" \" Any plans today?\" \" Oh! Yeah, I got big, big plans. I'm gonna sit here, and I'm gonna wait for Katie to come back.\" \" Oh! Sounds like fun! Well, I'll leave you to it! I've got very big things planned as well!\" \"Well then, Max, how has your therapy been going?\" \"Wait… You knew about the therapy… But you didn't know about Gidget?\" \"Buddy doesn't tell me all your goings on!\" \"Fair enough. It's been going well… I think.\" \"You think?\" \"It's hard for me to tell, okay!?\" \"Max!\" That's Katie! \"Where are you!? We need to head to the park one last time.\" I rush down to meet her. Elsewhere… \"Sir! The recon you sent out has just come back!\" \"Very good! What have you learned?\" \"Over the last few months, the terrier has gotten very close to the mutt. He is currently undergoing exposure therapy for PTSD.\" \"Do you know anything about his PTSD?\" \"Well, there is one trigger we know they currently have no means of obtaining.\" \"And what is that?\" \"A certain group of dogs in the Flushed Pets.\" \"Very good. You are dismissed.\" The small bird leaves the room. \"Soon, Max… I will make you pay. You will pay in blood for what you did to my best friend!\" I walk into the park. Yes! I think we've done it… Nonononotsafe No! I am safe! I've got my brother by my side! \"He-he did it!\" \"Good work Max!\" \"Yay Max!\" I feel a surge of pride. I no longer doubt this therapy. We've minimized my triggers! Nice job, Max. Alpha!? Yep! That's me! But... you said you left! And I thought I did, too! But apparently, I can't fully leave. I can't influence your actions anymore, though... All I can really do is talk to you. So all this time... You've been here!? Yeah... Why didn't you help!? Remember the last time I tried to comfort you? It didn't work. I'm not really the 'nice' kind of guy. \"Uh... Max? You in there?\" \"Oh, uh, yeah Duke. I'm here. What's up?\" \"It's just that you don't seem too excited about finally being over most of your triggers.\" \"Alright, then! How about tomorrow we head down to Pops' place and have a grand old time! I'm sure Buddy will be excited to have us there!\" \"Oh, that's a great idea, Max!\" \"I got a problem, which is that I kind of think Pops is trying to give me girl advice for my dead 'girlfriend'...\" \"Have you told him she's dead?\" \"I didn't have the heart until today... but who knows if he'll remember that tomorrow.\" He probably won't. \"Hm...\" Duke replies. \"Maybe you should just avoid him.\" \"Tried that. If I do, he just comes to find me. And even with the wheels, he can be disturbingly quiet...\" \"Well, he's just tryin' to help a fellow dog. Who knows, maybe if you tell him she's dead enough, he'll remember it.\" \"Psh. Yeah right.\" \"Alright!\" I hear Katie say. \"Max, Duke, let's head home!\" \"Max! Who's your new roommate? Is it a boy dog or a girl dog? Not that it matters to me...\" Why can't I get her out of my mind? There's no way that after everything she did, I could still... Wait... Why 'still'? I don't think I was ever attracted to her! Why? Why am I only realizing this now, after she's died? Why is it only now that I realize... I loved her... After Linda takes us on a walk the next day, Duke and I are finally ready to head out. So what exactly are you planning to do at this party? You aren't much of a party animal... Get it? Yes, Alpha, I get i- It's because you're a dog. We literally have the exact same sense of humor. But to answer your question, I'm probably just gonna hang around with Pops the whole time. I feel kind of bad for him... \"Hey, Max? You're being kind of quiet... Kind of like when Alpha was around.\" Duke remarks. Oh yeah! I forgot that you haven't told him yet! When are you gonna do that, by the way? Well, now's a better time than any! \"Well...\" \"Let me guess,\" Duke interrupts. \"He came back.\" \"How did you-\" \"Oh come on. Did you really think it would be hard for someone who's lived with you for almost a year to figure out?\" \"Well excuse me! There are some details you can't have known! For example, he can't directly control me anymore!\" \"Oh... Okay then.\" \"Let's just go meet Buddy.\" I sigh. This is going to be a looong day... \"Hey, Buddy!\" I call out. \"Oh, there you are Max, Duke! You ready to party!?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be.\" \"Good to hear, my homie! Let's roll!\" After making our way up to Pops' place, we enter through the window. I immediately ask someone where Pops is. \"Hey, uh, black cat, do you know where Pops is at?\" \"Oh, him?\" The cat replies. \"Over there.\" He gestures with his paw. \"Thanks!\" \"Wait a minute... You're Tiny Dog!\" \"Um... Yes, I have been referred to as 'Tiny Dog' before...\" \"Oh, I'm like, your biggest fan!\" Um. \"Oh, um, wow!\" \"I loved your escape from the sewers! Even Snowball had trouble handling you! You and your friend Fat Dog! Oh! Is that him over there!?\" \"Uh... Yeah! That's Duke over there!\" \"Whoa!\" The cat says in awe, then runs over to him. I gotta get to Pops before I run into any more 'fans' of mine. Somehow, I succeed in doing this. \"Hey, Pops!\" I exclaim. \"Oh! Hello, Max! Myron! Eyebrows please!\" The rodent jumps on his head and lifts up his eyelids. \"So, how's the single life been treating you?\" \"Um...\" At least he doesn't still think you're dating Gidget... Sorry about that, by the way. I'm pretty sure we both realized your feelings for her at the same time. \"Don't answer! I know how great it is! Now, Max, there's something I need to talk to you about.\" Ooh! What could it possibly be? \"What's that?\" \"I feel like something bad is going to happen soon. I want you to be ready. Get your little friend 'Alpha' or whatever you call him to help you with your running and swimming skills. I've heard they need some... Improvement...\" How does he- \"How do you know about him?\" Yeah, sure, why not? Steal my line, not that I care... \"Look, Max, do you think that Buddy is the only one who tells me anything? Your pal Duke comes to me pretty often as well.\" \"Hm.\" \"I don't know how much time we have, but you should probably get started ASAP.\" \"Alright, thanks, Pops!\" \"Anytime!\" \"Come on, Duke, we gotta go.\" \"But we just got here! What could be so important?\" \"I'll explain on the way.\" Time to go train, just like Goku! \"Really? Do you really believe what that old dude said about 'something bad'? He probably made it up! If something was really gonna happen, don't ya think he would be more specific, Max?\" It seemed pretty legit to me. Not helping, Alpha. \"Well, I think we should be ready just in case.\" \"You're just saying this because you want to be more like Goku, aren't you?\" Caught you red-handed. \"Okay, maybe a little...\" I answer sheepishly. \"I guess I'll play along because we are celebrating you right now.\" \"Thanks, Duke.\" \"No problem. So, what's first on our agenda?\" \"I was thinking we could work on my swimming skills...\" \"Yeah... Probably a good start.\" \"Alright, this is a nice looking pond!\" \"Looks good! So uh, do you need anything from me, or uh, am I just watching?\" Duke asks. \"Well, I think we'll get started, and go from there.\" \"Got it.\" So, Alpha, what am I doing? Alright, how about first we see your current level. Tell Duke to be ready to pull you out. \"Hey, uh, Duke? If I look like I'm about to drown, pull me out, okay?\" \"'kay.\" What now? Go on, get in! Let's see what you can do! I step into the water. Wow, it's freezing! I manage to convince myself to go up to my neck. So still not that far. I begin to do the doggy paddle. Oh my gosh, are you even worse than before? How is that even possible? Alrighty then! Straight to work! That's more like it, Max! Alright, it's starting to get dark. You should probably head back. \"Come on, Duke! We're goin' home!\" \"That was amazing, Max! You're already better than you were when we first met! And at the start, you seemed to be doing worse!\" \"We can talk about it later! We need to get home before Katie!\" We barely make it. Right as we enter the window, the door opens. \"That was a close one...\" \"You're telling me.\" Yeah, he is telling you! Darn it, Alpha! No more bad jokes! \"Hey, Dukie-Wookie! Hey, Maxamillion! Hold on... Why are you so wet, Max?\" Uh oh... Thinking quickly Duke runs over and tips over his water bowl quietly and barks to attract Katie's attention. \"Oh! You spilled Duke's water all over yourself! Silly Max!\" She pats me playfully. I bark in response. \"Okay, okay. Now, who's hungry?\" \"Oh my gosh! Max, this pepperoni stuff is amazing!\" \"I know, Duke, I've been eating it for years.\" \"What!? How come you never told me that Katie had access to something this good!?\" \"Well, pal, you never asked.\" Okay, that was actually pretty good. What can I say? Having to deal with you on a consistent basis helps me avoid doing things you would do. What do you mean? I mean that you would have taken about 10 minutes to come up with that response. Hey! \"Curse you, hindsight!\" Duke responds, jokingly. I snicker. \"So, uh Max? Are you hungrier than usual or...?\" \"Oh, Duke! Seeing as I was just worked down to the bone by Alpha, I'm just a little bit absolutely famished. Well, at least, I was, before I uh... you know... are most of the pepperoni straight off the pizza...\" I get it! Down to the bone! It's funny because- Oh, shoot! What were you saying about not doing things I would do? \"Hey, Max?\" Katie calls. \"I'm gonna take Duke to the vet, okay? Then we're gonna spend the night over at Linda's because it'll be late by the time we get out, and she lives closer to the vet than us. You stay here and hold down the fort.\" Well, that was sudden. I bark in affirmation. \"See ya later, Max!\" \"You too, Duke!\" Hey, Max? Yeah? Do you know if Katie still has your old dog bed and the old blanket Duke used to sleep on? Why do you ask? I respond suspiciously. Because I just came up with the best prank ever! Okay, I guess I'll play along. The Next Morning... So you're sure she's just gonna drop him off and go? 100 percent! Oh, there they are! Places, places! \"Alright, Duke! Tell Max I'll see him tonight!\" Katie says, and the door closes. Here goes... \"Hey, Max? Why is it so dark in here?\" \"Because it's night.\" \"But I was just outside, and it was morning!\" \"You haven't been outside since you got here!\" \"Uh...\" \"And if you look outside, you can clearly see that it is far too dark to be morning!\" \"Whoa! When did the bed get so small?\" \"It... It hasn't ever been bigger than this...\" Yes! I think it's working! \"Are you sure? Because we could both fit before...\" \"What do you mean, before? You haven't even been here for a day! Now stop trying to get in my bed and get on that old blanket! It really suits you! Yeah, you're an old blanket kind of dog!\" \"Okay Max, I know you're trying to prank me.\" Darn it! Where did we go wrong? \"How'd you figure it out?\" I ask, curious. \"Well, you talked far more than you would have on the first night I was here. It was a good try, though. Must have had to dig through a lot to find this stuff. It was Alpha's idea, wasn't it?\" \"Well... It could have been mine!\" No, no it could not. \"It was Alpha's.\" \"Yeah...\" \"Oh, Max, while we were at Linda's, I told her about Alpha coming back, and she told me some stuff about him you'll want to hear!\" \"What do you mean, Duke?\" I inquire. \"What could I possibly not know about the other personality that lives in my head?\" Well, for starters- Shut it, Alpha. \"Well,\" Duke begins. \"You didn't know about his- your past until he told you.\" \"Okay, I get it! I don't know everything about him. But what does Linda know that I don't?\" \"She told me that the reason Alpha has developed a complete personality instead of just mixing into your personality is because of how long he was locked away. She believes that the build up of alpha instincts must have grown too great, meaning that-\" \"Meaning that you aren't the reason he showed up. You just happened to arrive at the same time he did.\" Fantastic. But why is this so important? \"Alpha wants to know why this is important.\" \"Well... I don't know!\" Duke responds. \"Linda just told me to tell you.\" \"Hm.\" \"So were you setting up this prank all night last night?\" \"Naw. Got to bed at about the same time we usually do.\" \"Soooo...\" Duke starts. \"Wanna go keep working on your 'training'?\" \"Sounds good to me! Let's work on my running.\" \"Huh. Snowball told me you seemed to be doing fine while you were chasing the truck.\" That was me. All me. \"Alpha.\" \"Ah.\" Meanwhile... \"Sir! All troops are ready to mobilize!\" \"Perfect. Has the recon team come back yet?\" \"Yes, sir! The terrier and the mutt have just exited their apartment, and now appear to be headed to where they went swimming yesterday.\" \"Excellent! I trust you've sent the Omega team out?\" \"Of course, sir. They are prepared to begin your revenge.\" \"Wonderful. You are dismissed. I will be out in a few moments.\" \"Roger that!\" \"Soon, Gidget. Soon I will kill that ingrate for the way he betrayed your love. Soon, my best friend.\" \"Alright, so we'll work on my running, then on my swimming again.\" \"Sounds like a plan to me.\" \"Well, Duke, that would be because it is one.\" How are you so good at this?! \"Well played.\" Duke replies. \"Alright, here we are! Let's get going right away!\" I patter on, excitedly. \"Oh, you're definitely going somewhere. Just might not be where you think.\" A voice states from above. I look up to find dozens of large birds circling me and Duke. \"Uh oh...\" \"Max... Run!\" Duke barks. \"I told you, I can't do that yet!\" I say as I attempt to chase after him before I trip on my feet. You know, on second thought, maybe we should have started with the evasive action on land rather than the one in water, considering that we're on land for like 90% of our life. Not the time, Alpha! Right before one of the smaller birds is about to grab me, I growl, managing to get it to back off. Just make sure it doesn't peck at you. Not helping, Alpha! \"Max!\" Duke barks, before picking me up in his mouth. Just like old times... Just like when Gidget was still around... No! Now is not the time! \"Hey, Max!\" \"Oh, hey Gidget.\" \"How's your day going?\" \"Oh, it's going- it's going great, Gidget! Except for the fact that Katie's not here...\" \"Well, she did spend a lot of time with you yesterday, so she's probably getting some time to herself!\" \"Yeah, that makes sense, I guess...\" \"I just remember your face in that picture! You looked so dejected!\" \"Well, Katie just left me there in that weird costume in that weird fake snow stuff! I wouldn't mind being in the costume if she was there, too!\" \"Okay, whatever you say, Max! Got to go! 'La Passiòn de la Passiòn' is back on!\" \"Later, Gidget!\" \"Max! You okay in there!\" Duke tries to say. \"no.\" \"What's wrong!?\" \"gidget...\" \"Oh.\" Hey, Max? Why don't you think about this for a second? You thought of Gidget when you saw hawks. Hawks. Like- Like Gidget's hawk friend! But it can't be him. Why would he attack us? You're right. I'm probably overthinking it. Suddenly, Duke stops and drops me out of his mouth. In front of us, a very familiar car screeches to a stop. \"Linda?\" I wonder in awe. Her eyes widen as she sees the birds behind us. \"Get in.\" She says, opening the back door. We don't hesitate for a moment. \"Care to explain, boys?\" \"Sir! We've just received word that both dogs escaped into a blue van.\" \"Both of them? You mean that Omega team couldn't even get the small one!?\" \"Y-yes, sir.\" \"All we needed was the small one! With him, we could easily get the mutt!\" \"I know sir, but we believe they know whoever picked them up.\" \"Whatever. Omega team's incompetence is the reason I have Plan B.\" \"We have a backup plan?\" \"Of course we do, you dolt! Do you really think it takes this long just to make a plan as simple as Plan A?\" \"No, sir! What exactly is Plan B?\" \"I need you to find Snowball.\" \"Care to explain, boys?\" \"K-katie!?\" I exclaim, terrified. \"And I know Linda can understand you, so she's gonna translate everything you say.\" \"W-well... Duke and I decided that some of my, uh... outdoor skills... were a bit lacking... from past experience... so we went to go work on them.\" I begin, and Linda quickly repeats it. (A/N: When both Katie and Linda are present, assume that everything Max, Duke, or any other pet say is translated by Linda unless otherwise stated.) \"So,\" Duke continues. \"When we arrived, we were suddenly attacked by those birds.\" \"And, uh... That's the whole story!\" I conclude. \"You said 'past experiences'. What past experiences?\" Katie asks. \"Well... It all started the day you brought Duke home...\" \"And then we discovered that he was my father!\" I say. \"And that's basically it until today.\" Duke adds. \"Well, that explains a lot!\" Linda exclaims. \"That must be the event that occurred to get you over your trigger of large dogs!\" \"Well, Max, Duke, I think you need to be more careful from now on. Those birds were in way too large of a group to be natural. Someone is after one or both of you, and as your owner, I don't want either of you to get hurt.\" Katie says. \"So I don't want you going outside without consulting with me or Linda first, and I'll know if you do. And when you are outside, one of us must be with you at all times. Got it?\" \"Yes, Katie.\" We both say. \"Hello, Snowball.\" \"Oh, hey! You're that hawk that was with Tiny Dog's friends! How you been, pal? You seen TD lately? 'cuz I haven't had a chance to see him in a while.\" \"Enough! You're here because I need you to do something for me.\" \"What is it, hawk?\" \"I need you to lead Max somewhere alone so my men can capture him.\" \"Sorry, bud! 'fraid I can't do that. Y'see, I promised TD I would never betray him again!\" \"Oh, I'm sorry. I made it seem like you have a choice.\" \"Hey, uh... Katie? Linda? Where exactly are we going?\" \"Well, Max, we were going to go and pick you two up, but we've clearly already done that. Now we're headed over to Katie's parents' house to visit. We're also going to introduce Duke to them.\" \"Well, in that case, Duke, you may want to get comfortable.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Because I know firsthand how long this drive takes.\" \"Oh.\" As I look out the window, I notice a familiar shape hopping down the road. \"Snowball?\" I mutter. I look behind him to find dozens of hawks tailing him. \"Linda, open my window, now!\" \"Wh-\" \"Just do it! SNOWBALL!\" I bark as the window lowers. \"Tiny Dog?\" He exclaims, beginning to hop towards us. \"Snowball, hurry! Get in!\" He quickly enters through the window. \"Close it, close it, close it!\" I say frantically. And right as the window closes, a hawk slams into it. Well, that was an interesting turn of events. \"Snowball, are you okay?\" \"Yeah, TD! Thanks f'r askin'! But they after you, Tiny Dog!\" \"Yeah... I know.\" \"They tried t' get me to lure you int'a some trap or somethin'.\" \"Okay,\" Katie says. \"Linda, could you please explain what is going on.\" \"Sir! Snowball has escaped into the same vehicle as the two dogs!\" \"What!? You mean he escaped, too!?\" \"Y-yes, sir.\" \"Good...\" \"Wh- what?\" \"I thought plan C was better anyways.\" \"We have a plan C?\" \"YES!\" \"Oh. Well, what exactly is this plan C?\" \"We need to get some old friends of Max's from the sewers.\" \"So, uh, Snowball?\" \"Yeah, TD?\" \"You never did tell me what you were talking about on the bridge.\" \"What do ya mean?\" \"You said something like 'That raccoon is lying! He ain't the president!'. What was that all about?\" \"Huh. I don't know, Tiny Dog. I don't know.\" Max, are you sure you aren't the raccoon? Alpha, I'm pretty sure I would know if I was a raccoon. \"Oh, yeah, Snowball! Forgot to tell you this, but the driver can understand us.\" \"Oh, that's ne- wait what?\" \"Hello, boys. I've called you all here today so I can get revenge on a little dog named Max.\" \"Oh, good old Max! He was one of our best... customers. Rather impressive for a pup.\" \"Alright, Snowball, if any animals ask who you are, just say that you're a pet of one of Katie's friends, and she's pet sitting for them. Got it?\" Linda tells him. \"Loud and clear, L!\" \"Snowball, I'm not from Death Note.\" \"What's that? It sounds awesome!\" \"Nevermind.\" \"Awww.\" \"Also, I want you to stay with Max and Duke. We don't know what those hawks will send next.\" \"Alright...\" \"Come on, Snowball! I can show you two around once Katie introduces Duke.\" I say. \"Alright, come on, guys.\" Katie calls. She knocks on the door a few times, and it opens. But before it opens, I feel a weight on my back. Turning around, I see Snowball attempting to ride me like a human would ride a horse. \"Katie! It's been so long since we've seen you!\" The familiar voice of Katie's mother says. \"Hey, mom!\" She replies. \"Oh, and there's your little Maxamillion!\" She squeals, and I bark in response. \"Still as fiery as ever, I see. Who's that on his back?\" \"Oh, he's my friend's bunny, Snowball. I'm petsitting today.\" \"How sweet! Oh? Who is this?\" She asks pointing at Duke. \"Oh, that's Duke! I just adopted him a few months ago.\" \"You mean he lives in your small apartment? How can you all fit in there?\" \"It's a little tight, but we manage fine.\" \"Oh, I bet your father would love to meet Duke! I'll call him down now!\" Katie's mom says enthusiastically. \"Chris! Katie's here!\" \"Coming!\" He responds. After a few moments, Katie's father is at the door. \"Katie! How've you and Max been doing?\" He asks. Before she can say anything, I bark happily. You know, this is feeling kind of cheesy. Alpha, that's enough. \"Whoa, Katie, is this your dog?\" \"Yep, that's Duke!\" He barks. \"Alright, why don't you have Max show these two around? Come in, we have a fine dinner ready. Max? Could you show these two the yard?\" Loyally, I lead Duke to the gate, and once he's through, Linda shuts it. \"Hey, Mr. and Mrs. Brown! I'm here, too!\" She yells as she enters the house. Snowball is still on my back. Is it just me, or was he heavier last time he jumped on top of me? \"Hey, Snowball?\" \"Yeah, TD?\" \"Have you lost some weight since that other time you were on top of me?\" \"Oh, no. Last time I had to strap some heavy things onto m'self. We both know that even you are heavier than me.\" \"Gee, thanks.\" \"Guys, look at all these squirrels...\" Duke butts in, enamored. \"Oh boy.\" Snowball moans exasperated. \"Oh boy is right.\" A familiar voice says... Oh no. \"Been a while, Max! How've ya been? You ain't lookin' so high and mighty now, are ya.\" Theyreheretheyreheretheyrehere Max! Snap out of it! You can get over it! Itsthem \"Max!\" \"Theyregonnahurtmeagain.\" \"Max!\" Nonononotsafe. \"Oh, how the mighty Max has fallen! About to be taken down by some lowly alley dogs!\" Max! The past is in the past, remember? You can do this, just like you did with the other triggers! \"Fat Dog! I'll protect Tiny Dog! You go get Linda!\" \"Oh, so the little bunny thinks he can stop us?\" \"Seems you've forgotten who I am, Jackyboy.\" \"S-snowball!? There's no way! You were taken by a human!\" \"You think a little bit of domestication can stop this?\" Snowballdontattackhimitstoodangerous Max! You can do this! I know it! I believe in you! You...believe...in me? \"Careful! It really is Snowball!\" Yes! And I know you can do this! Don't believe in me. Don't believe in the Alpha that believes in you. Just believe in the Max who believes in Max. The...Max...who believes...in Max? \"Oof!\" \"Quick! While he's recovering!\" I...have to believe...in the Max...who believes in Max! I let out a growl and pounce on the dog about to bite Snowball. \"Tiny Dog!?\" He asks, shocked. \"Don't worry, Snowball. I've got this!\" \"Do you, though?\" Another familiar voice asks from above. I look up to see Gidget's hawk friend. Can somebody pick up that phone? Wha-? Because I freaking called it! \"Tiberius! You said you would leave this to us!\" One of my abusers says. \"Y'see, just because I said that don't make it true. You were just a distraction so I could sneak up on him.\" He responds, and grabs me in his claw. He also grabs Snowball in his other one. \"And it worked perfectly! Later, dogs!\" I struggle to escape his grasp but fail. \"Max!\" I hear Duke and Katie yell. \"Y'know, Max , you're a lot heavier than you look.\" Tiberius says. \"But you won't be for long.\" \"Max!\" I bark, right as Tiberius flies away clutching him and Snowball. \"I wasn't quick enough...\" I mutter. \"This is all my fault...\" \"Duke.\" \"What is it, Linda?\" \"You can't blame yoursel-\" \"I'm the only one there is to blame! If I had gone just a little quicker, we could have saved them!\" \"Duke...\" I sprint back to the car. \"Duke!\" \"Come on!\" I bark. \"We're burning daylight! If we can't find them soon, then who knows what that bird will do to him?\" They get in the car. \"I think he flew that way.\" Linda says and begins driving. Max... I'm so sorry. I failed you. I had one job. But I had to go and mess it up. For all I know, you could be dead right now. \"Duke. The dog said the hawk's name was Tiberius, correct?\" Linda asks. \"Yeah...\" I answer. \"I know his owner! Nice old guy. From what he's told me about Tiberius, he's normally calm. He wouldn't just attack Max and Snowball. Something provoked him.\" \"I think that would be Gidget's death. They were close, and he might blame us for it.\" \"Anyways, the old guy said that Tiberius has been missing for about 3 months now. I've also been informed of a lot of other missing pet hawks throughout the state. However, Tiberius does have a tracking chip in him. I told the guy I'd come see him and help him track down Tiberius.\" \"So,\" I start. \"What you're saying is that we can find them using the chip!\" \"Exactly.\" She says. \"But, you said he blamed both of you?\" \"Yep.\" \"So, he probably wants to get his hands on you, too. Chances are he'll use those two as bargaining chips. Meaning he probably won't hurt them until he gives you the ultimatum.\" \"Which means?\" \"He'll probably want you in exchange for Max's life. Or maybe Snowball's life. It's hard to say. But if we base a plan around this, there's one flaw.\" \"Which is?\" \"We don't know if he'll follow through with his end of the deal after he's done with you. Meaning that if he kills you, he might kill Max anyways.\" \"I can't let that happen! No matter what, Max needs to get out of there alive!\" \"Don't worry, Duke. I think I've got the perfect plan.\" Snowball is still struggling to escape Tiberius' grip. Doesn't he realize it's pointless? Even if he does get him to let go, he'll just fall to his death. Max, are you feeling okay? Because we are awfully high above the ground right now. What are you, scared of heights? ...yes. Wait, really? \"Alright, friends , we're almost there. And don't even think about trying to escape. You're going straight into a cage.\" \"Okay, okay.\" I sigh. \"No need to be so passive-aggressive. It's not like we could escape even if we wanted to.\" Snowball looks at me with shock in his eyes. I wink at him, and he grins. I'll get the two of us out of here for you, Duke. No matter what it takes. We land in front of an animal control truck. \"Max, Snowball. Get in one of the cages. No funny business.\" We enter the truck and step into the first cage on the left. Huh. This is the same spot I was in with Duke the first time I was in one of these closes the gate to the cage and locks it. He then exits the truck and closes the door. \"Alright, Tiny Dog, what's the plan?\" \"I got a decent look at their base, and it looks like there's a vent we can use to escape into the building below us to the right of the truck.\" \"Wait, we're on a rooftop!? How did they get this truck up here?\" \"Don't ask me. Anyways, if we can just find our way to that vent, we're as good as gone.\" \"Sounds like a plan to me, TD! Now we just need a way to get there...\" The back door of the truck suddenly bursts open. \"Max, come with me.\" Tiberius orders. \"Snowball, go with those guards. They'll bring you to dinner. Max will be with you in a few moments.\" I follow Tiberius out of the truck. \"What are we doing?\" I ask. \"We're gonna film a little video for your mutt.\" That is how I found myself dangling from a rope above a fire. \"AHHHHHHHHHHH!\" I scream. \"Hello, mutt.\" I hear Tiberius begin, but my fear drowns the rest of it out. Max, some of us are trying to sleep, you kno- holy schnitzel! How did this happen? \"AHH! AHHHHH!\" \"You have one day.\" I hear the hawk finish. Suddenly, the fire goes out, and I am lowered to safety. \"Follow me. I will lead you to dinner.\" A guard tells me, and I oblige. Thank goodness that's over. \"Hey, TD!\" \"Hey, Snowball. What's for dinner?\" \"Well, you get some cheap dog food.\" He sees me visibly slump at this. \"But...\" He starts. \"I get carrots. \" Wait... That means he can- \"Good for you, Snowball.\" I say in my best 'disappointed' tone and wink at him. As the door closes behind the guard, Snowball immediately rushes towards me. \"Did they let you keep the carrot?\" \"Yep! Can't believe they didn't study my skills before lockin' me up with such an important prisoner!\" He replies, happily, and quickly sheds the carrot into the shape of a key. He hops up to the lock and unlocks it. \"Alright, Snowball, get on my back. We are gonna barge through this door.\" BOOM! I sprint into the door with Snowball on my back, forcing it open. \"It's the dog! He got out somehow!\" \"Someone get Tiberius!\" \"Woo-hoo!\" Snowball yells from my back. \"We make a great team, Tiny Dog!\" \"I'm doing most of the hard work! But you're helping!\" I respond jokingly. \"TD! That's my line!\" Come on... Almost there... \"Just where do you two think you're going?\" I hear Tiberius ask from above us. \"In here!\" I reply and burst into the vent. I look down to see a drop. \"Uh-oh... AHHH!\" \"Weeeeeeee!\" Snowball screams. \"Oof!\" Well, that could have been worse. At least we're finally escaping. \"Come on, Snowball! I don't know how much time we have, but we need to make the most of it!\" \"Sure thing, TD! Let's roll!\" He says and runs off. \"Hey, wait up!\" \"Alright, we've gotten the location of Tiberius. Now it's just a matter of waiting.\" Linda tells me. Suddenly, a small object is dropped from the sky, landing in front of us. \"A flash drive?\" Katie asks. \"It must have their demands on it!\" We go inside and plug it into Katie's computer. Linda clicks on a few things, and a video opens up. \"Hello, mutt.\" Tiberius' voice says. I hear a familiar scream of terror in the background. Looking behind the hawk, I see Max dangling from a rope above a fire! \"As you can see, I have your brother Max in my possession. If you ever want to see him alive again, you will follow these demands.\" Tiberius continues. \"By this time tomorrow, you will come to my location. I know you and your humans know where it is. You will come alone, with nothing except for yourself. That means no collar, no humans, nothing! If you fail to comply with these demands, you will never see him again. You have one day.\" That rotten-! \"Duke! Calm down!\" Katie tells me. \"Linda told me what he said. This makes things a lot more difficult...\" Hang in there, Max! I'll get you out of there if it's the last thing I do. \"This way, TD!\" Snowball directs. \"Do you even know where we're going?\" I ask. \"Nope!\" Alright, I was out for a while, what happen- oh are we escaping? Yep. Neat. \"Snowball, shouldn't we be going down?\" \"What?\" \"We're trying to escape the building, right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Then shouldn't we be heading towards the bottom?\" \"Fair point, Tiny Dog! Let's go!\" \"Slow down!\" Yeah, this seems about right. What do you mean? I mean that this is what happens when you team up with the insane bunny. I continue to follow Snowball, and jump down at a crossroads. Well, right now we don't really have a choice. Suddenly, Snowball stops running. \"What's wro-?\" \"Shhh!\" He responds as he covers my mouth. \"Did you hear that?\" A voice says under us. \"Yeah!\" Another one replies, and suddenly the vent we are in is knocked to the ground. \"There they are!\" \"Snowball! Back! Now!\" I bark. Snowball hops on, and I take off. \"TD! They're alerting the whole army!\" \"I figured!\" \"Look! An elevator!\" \"I see it!\" Come on! \"Snowball!\" I bark. \"Press the button!\" We have to hold them off until the elevator arrives... There are about 6 hawks surrounding us. I let out a growl. Three back off for a second, but return to their spots. Come on... \"Tiny Dog! It's here!\" I sprint into the elevator and press the button Katie always pressed in buildings like this one. I can see Tiberius flying towards the door, but it closes just in time. I continue breathing heavily for a few moments. Man... If only Gidget were here... She'd probably be swooning over me after that. She'd also be very ticked off at Tiberius. \"Hey, Max!\" \"Hey, Gidget.\" \"So, how was your trip yesterday?\" \"It was- it was pretty good, Gidget. Katie's sister got a new Jack Russell! She looked a lot like me!\" \"Really? Did you like her?\" \"Well, she's pretty cool, I gue-\" \"No, do you like like her? Not that it matters to me or anything.\" \"Oh. Naw! She was kind of bland...\" \"Oh, so you like interesting girls, huh?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well, I gotta go! See you later, Max!\" \"Bye, Gidget.\" I let out a sigh. I think I finally understand why she did what she did. She thought that Duke was messing with my mind... When it was really Alpha... If only I had realized my feelings sooner. Maybe... Maybe she wouldn't have done it. Maybe she would still be alive right now. Maybe... I wouldn't be hurting so much inside. \"TD! Come on! There's the exit!\" Snowball yells. I quickly snap out of it and sprint through the doors. \"Quick, into the sewers!\" He says, jumps off me, and lifts up a sewer grate. Not hesitating for a second, I hop in, and he follows. I am quickly reminded of the smell. \"The smell is disgusting...\" \"Sure is, Tiny Dog! It sure is!\" I continue to follow him because he knows his way around these parts far better than me. \"Alright, TD. We're gonna have to pass through the Underbelly! So, uh, just stick close to me. Am I clear?\" \"Crystal.\" I reply and shiver. I remember this place. This is where I almost got bitten by a half-blind, single-fanged viper. That got crushed. This is also where my abusers live, but I didn't know that last time. It's also where my fan club lives. This is going to be fun . \"So, uh, Linda?\" I start. \"Do you, uh, have a plan?\" \"I do.\" She replies. \"But neither of you are gonna like it.\" This plan is so stupid! It'll never work! I never should have agreed to this... I walk up to the building without anything, like Tiberius had demanded. A hawk suddenly swoops down and begins to search me. \"Follow me.\" He says, satisfied. I obey and begin to trail him up a staircase. All I can do is believe. I have to believe in the plan, for Max's sake! I need to make sure they don't destroy my tracking chip. If I don't, the plan will completely fail. They destroyed Max's, but it might have been an accident. If not, I'll need to be clever. Not my strongest skill... \"Get in the truck.\" The guard tells me, so I do. \"Now enter the cage on your left.\" I continue to obey his commands. \"Wait here.\" He says, and closes the door. I decide to look around to see if Max and Snowball are or were here. In my cage, I spot some white fur that looks just like Max's fur! There's also some carrot scraps. Wait a minute... That means... They escaped! Which means... The tables have been turned. It used to be Max for me. Now it's me for Max. \"Snowball?\" \"Yeah, TD?\" \"Is there a way we could... You know...not go through the Underbelly?\" I ask, hopefully. \"What, are ya scared, Tiny Dog?\" He snickers. \"No, it's just... Remember when you were chasing me through the sewers that one time?\" \"Yeah, what about it?\" \"Apparently I have a fan club now. And they live there. So I would rather-\" \"You're popular, TD!?\" \"Well, um-\" \"Of course we're goin' there then!\" \"Seriously?!\" \"Yep! I need to get my reputation back up, and being with a celebrity will definitely help!\" I'm done trying... After a short while, we arrive. \"Oh my gosh! It's Tiny Dog!\" Here we go. This is gonna be hilarious. Thanks for the support. No prob! I hear several female dogs screeching things like: \"You're so cute!\" and \"I love you!\". Don't get me wrong, I love attention. But this? This is way too much. Suddenly, another dog steps in the way of us. \"Hello,\" she says. \"I'm Kristal. You're Tiny Dog, right?\" \"Um-\" \"Perfect! I just wanted to ask you a little question.\" She continues. \"What's your que-?\" \"Would you like to give me puppies?\" I stare at her for a few seconds before backing away. \"Yeah, the thing is... Okay, bye.\" I say, then sprint away. I gotta find Snowball so we can get out of here. \"Snowball? Snowball!\" I bark. \"Where are you?\" \"Oh, look who is.\" A voice says beside me. \"Oh, come on!\" I complain. \"Now is not the time, you guys. Attack me later, okay?\" \"Wow. Look who just got an ego. Relax, 'Tiny Dog'. We aren't here to hurt you.\" He responds. \"Yeah, the thing is, like, all of our past meetings involved you trying to attack me.\" \"Well, we're too pissed at Tiberius right now, so we'll let you go this time.\" \"Yeah, okay. By the way, have you guys seen Snowball?\" \"Yeah, he's over there, flirting.\" \"Of course he is.\" I sigh. \"Snowball!\" He finally looks at me. \"What is it, TD?\" \"I'd like to go now...\" \"Alright...\" He replies. \"Later, everyone!\" Finally. I'm finally getting back to my family. And there is no possible way this day could get any worse. I take it back. Today just got so much worse! \"What do you mean you sent Duke in there?! Do you really have that little faith in us?\" I bark as loud as I can. \"Well, you are a small dog, and Snowball is a bunny! Excuse me for not believing that you could escape from an army of hawks!\" Linda replies. \"Well, they know exactly how to get to me! I'd never willingly leave Duke with them! I'm going back right now, no matter who's with me!\" \"Max! Just think about this for a second! This is exactly how they want you to react!\" \"I'm sick of always just sitting around and letting other people solve my problems! If-if Katie hadn't shown up when Gidget attacked me, she might still be alive! If I let other people solve my problems for me, it won't end the way I want! Well, I'm sick of it! I'm gonna solve my problems myself, with or without your help!\" \"Max... I'm sorry about this.\" \"What do you-?\" I begin, turning around. Suddenly, I feel a short pain in my neck, before everything fades away. \"Hey, uh, Gidget?\" \"Yeah, Max?\" \"I, uh, just wanted to, uh, let you know I, uh, enjoyed spending time with you today...\" \"Oh, well, I had fun, too!\" \"Maybe we could, uh, do it again sometime? If you want, that is.\" \"That sounds wonderful! See you tomorrow, Max!\" \"You too, Gidget.\" \"Max? Come on, wake up!\" \"Huh?\" \"Oh, thank goodness! I thought I gave you too much tranquilizer!\" Linda says, happily. \"I'm still kind of woozy...\" I tell her. \"Well, you were out for about 12 hours.\" \"12 hours?!\" I yelp. \"Duke could be-\" \"Relax, Duke is fine.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Because, we just got a video. That's why I woke you up. Sorry about the dart, by the way.\" \"It's fine, I was being irrational.\" I'm told the video is basically the same as the last one, but with Duke in my place. \"Alright, Max. We've got a plan that I think you'll like.\" \"What's that?\" \"We're gonna storm their base.\" Oh heck yes. This is just wonderful. How are Katie and Linda gonna go through with the plan now? We needed Max... And if we had just waited a little longer, he would have gotten back. \"Oh, I miss him so much.\" I sigh. \"Feeling a little down, I see?\" A familiar voice asks. \"Not in the mood, Tiberius. You know, you basically dognapped me.\" \"Hey, you chose to come here. Just because I have had Max didn't mean I still did.\" \"Okay, then you dognapped him.\" \"Alright, you got me there. Come with me. I'd like to talk with you for a bit.\" Oh, is this the part when he tries to turn me against Max? \"Yeah,\" I begin. \"Thanks, but no-\" \"Was I asking?\" He glares. \"Okay, okay, I'm coming.\" He leads me throughout their rooftop base, explaining how it works. \"I got a question.\" \"What?\" \"How did you get the truck up here?\" \"Took a lot of hawks.\" Eventually, we make our way into the headquarters. Someone blindfolds me before we enter. \"Why?\" I ask Tiberius. \"We don't want you escaping and giving away our plans.\" Eventually, we are in what I am told is Tiberius' 'office'. \"Now, Duke. Let's talk business...\" Called it. \"yes yes yes yes yes yes yes.\" \"Whoa! Calm down, boy! Let's all be calm...\" Linda continues. \"Here's the part you won't like. You're staying here.\" \"What!?\" I bark. \"It's too dangerous for you to go! You have no way to defend yourself against aerial enemies!\" \"Neither do you!\" \"We have tranquilizer guns!\" \"Well, I...uh... Well, I can bark!\" \"You aren't making a very convincing case.\" \"Alright, well how about this? He's my brother!\" \"That doesn't mean you can defend yourself!\" \"Okay, how about this? I go, but I stay out of the fights.\" \"Alright, fine.\" She sighs. \"But if you do get into a fight on purpose, you're in trouble. Got it?\" \"S-sure do!\" Wow. She can be really intimidating... Kind of like Gidget... Whoa! Look at her go! She just wrecked all of those animals! \"Max! Go!\" The white Pomeranian yelps. Oh, yeah, Duke... Wait... Duke! \"Oh, uh, yeah, uh... Thank you!\" As I run as fast as I can to Duke, I hear a kick. \"Stay down!\" Oh, why'd I have to go and think about her? Now I feel terrible... Whatever! We need to win this, no matter what! Even though I'll just be hiding most of the time. \"Now, Duke. Let's talk business.\" \"No.\" \"I'm sorry, what was that?\" \"I'm not gonna betray Max!\" \"Whoa! Look at you assuming things!\" \"So, are you trying to tell me that that is not why I'm here?\" \"Now, now, let's not get hasty.\" \"Is it still an assumption if you just admitted it?\" \"That isn't the assumption I was talking about. I'm talking about your assumption that you have a choice. Guards!\" Suddenly, I feel something around my neck. Tiberius pushes a button on a remote, and- \"AGHHHH!\" \"If you do not listen to my every command, I will press this button. And every time, I'll raise the voltage a little more. Once it gets high enough, you'll die.\" \"Hehehehe.\" I snicker. \"Do you really think the threat of death is gonna make me hurt my bro?\" Another scream of pain. \"Hehehe. You really are a fo-AHHHH!\" \"I can do this all day, Duke.\" \"I... I will never, and I mean never, give in!\" The pain... But I can get through it, knowing that it will save Max. Suddenly, the door to the office bursts open. \"Sir! We're receiving a full-on frontal assault from two humans and our escaped prisoners! They've got tranq. darts!\" Now's my chance! I smash the electrical components of the collar and quickly run out of the room. Max... What on earth are you doing here? I run fast enough that the blindfold flies right off of my face. Max... I'm coming. \"Hey, uh, great work, you two!\" I bark. So I've just been laying down under this dumpster for, like, ever, watching Katie and Linda shoot hawks with tranquilizer darts. I'm really starting to regret my promise. This is so boring! Hold on... What's that? There's a hawk sneaking up behind Katie! I spring into action and pounce on the hawk. \"Max! What are you doing?\" Linda shouts, shooting it. \"Ooh! You in trouble, TD!\" Snowball tells me from my back. \"I know, but I can't just sit there and watch while Duke could be in danger!\" I reply. \"You know, Max, sometimes you're too selfless for your own good. Katie will be punishing you later. If you are gonna fight, stay low and scout ahead. See if you can locate Duke. But if you see any of those hawks in the path, wait for us, got it?\" \"Alright. Let's go, Snowball!\" I say, and all of us enter the building. \"The elevators have been disabled, so we have to go up the stairs. Remember you two, avoid confrontation at all costs.\" Linda reminds us. I nod and begin heading up. \"Max, wait up!\" Katie calls, and I turn around. \"You make it through this alive, ya hear me?\" I bark in affirmation and begin my ascent. Duke... I'm coming! I slam head-first into a guard, knowing him out, and begin my descent. I'm coming, Max! I just need to get to you before Tiberius does! I take down every hawk I can on my way. This is the final battle... I won't let him win! I hear a lot of commotion near the top of the building. Could it be Duke? Hey, Max! How's the assault goin'? Oh, are we actually doing something? Yep, we're doing recon. Neat. Hold on, there are some guards! Now, should I do what I was told to do, or should I do what Gidget would do? Screw it. You only live once, right? Before any of them can react I tackle one. \"Any of you move a muscle, he dies.\" I tell them, still on top of the bird. Katie and Linda show up and shoot them all. One of the darts misses it's target and hits me. Right in the front paw... Before everything fades away, I hear a voice that sounds like Duke bark: \"Max!\", and I am lifted into the air. \"Hey, Max!\" \"Hey, Gidget! So, how is your binge session going?\" \"Oh, it's going wonderful, thanks for asking! How's your day been?\" \"I...I just wish Katie was around more often...\" \"Awww! Look who's feeling lonely!\" \"I miss her so much.\" I sigh. \"I know you do, Max. But you need to wake up now. The lives of you and your family depend on it.\" \"Right. Hey, Gidget?\" \"Yes?\" \"I miss you.\" \"Wake up, you worthless piece of trash!\" \"Oof!\" I yelp as I feel claws tear through my side. \"Oh, good! You're finally awake! Now, it's time for me to avenge my best friend, Max! She loved you, and your actions led to her death! What say you now, monster!? What say you!?\" \"Tiberius... I know you may not believe me, but I loved her, too.\" I reply. \"Liar! Your naivety led to her death!\" He says, and rushes towards me. I attempt to run away, but I simply fall to the ground... Damn tranquilizer! I can feel everything fading away again... \"Max!\" \"Gidget?\" \"Max! You can't give up hope! Remember what Alpha told you! Don't believe in the Alpha who believes in you!\" Don't believe in the Max who believes in Alpha! \"Believe in the Max who believes in himself!\" \"B-but guys! He's too fast, and I can barely stand up with the tranquilizer in my system!\" \"Max! Just believe in yourself. Fighting isn't the only way to solve a problem! Think of Duke and Katie. You have to be strong for them.\" \"Get up! Fight back!\" Tiberius yells. I cough up a little blood. \"T-Tiberius. Every day... I feel as if I've wasted a chance to be happy... If I wasn't so damn naive... She would still be alive. I would have a chance at a happy life. But she's gone. We have to learn to live with our losses. If-if we can do that, then we can grow stronger than ev-\" \"No! Stop acting like you know how it feels!\" He screeches, and slices my back leg. \"Hehehe.\" I chuckle. \"Now even if I could stand up, I wouldn't be able to run.\" \"You're still laughing, even as you face your death? Do you not fear it?\" He asks. \"Of course I do. Everyone does. But I know it will make one of them strong enough to beat you. So just do it. Just get it over with and kill me already.\" \"Wow.\" A very familiar voice says. \"Giving up already? That's nothing like the Max I know.\" \"G-\" I start as I look up. \"Hey, Max! Long time no see!\" In front of me is a familiar white Pomeranian. And beside her are all my friends. \"Max!\" Pops yells. \"Next time listen to my advice!\" Katie POV, After Gidget's 'Death' \"Hey, Max!\" I shout. \"How're ya feeling?\" He manages a pained bark. \"Come on, boy. Let's get you to your check up.\" I say, lifting him into the basket on my bike. I haven't told him that Gidget escaped before they put her down... It's probably for the best. He might not fully recover if he knows. I was told to keep my guard up in case she attacks again... I look down at Max to find him curled up and asleep. These past few days must have taken a lot out of him... Gidget POV, Before Tiberius Dognaps Max It's been so long since I've seen Max... And I know if I ever do again, he'll hate me for what I did... Wait! Is that Tiberius? I'll surprise him! \"Alright, soldiers! Have you located the dogs?\" \"Yes, sir!\" \"Perfect! Tell those abusers to mobilize on their position. I'm heading out to take my revenge on Max.\" Wait... What!? I don't know where he is, so I can't help him! But I think I know somebody who can! \"Pops? Are you here?\" I ask. \"Oh, well if it isn't the girlfriend! Ya know, the other day Max told me that you were dead!\" \"Well, as far as he knows, I was put down.\" \"Oh. Well, what are you here for?\" \"Max is in trouble! He's going to be captured by Tiberius!\" \"Ya know, I thought I warned him. Whatever. Alright, I'll help you, I guess. I know where Tiberius' base is, but we're gonna need some support. His army is huge!\" \"I think I know just who to ask.\" \"Hey, Chloe!\" \"Buddy! Mel!\" \"Norman!\" \"Sweetpea!\" One Day Later It took about a day to gather everyone... I hope we were quick enough... \"Alright, everyone! Let's go save Max!\" I hope this will show him that I've changed. Duke POV \"Max!\" I bark as his limp body is flown away by Tiberius. Suddenly, the three of us are completely surrounded by what seems like thousands of birds. \"Guys! What happened to Max?\" I ask. \"Why did he faint?\" \"We kinda hit him with a tranquilizer dart by accident... Last time he was out for...12 hours...\" \"So, what you're saying is that Max has to fight Tiberius under the effects of a tranquilizer which is strong enough to knock him out for 12 hours !?\" \"Um... Duke, look out!\" Suddenly, a few hawks are on top of me. I let out a loud growl, but they refuse to budge. I manage to shake them off and bite one. The other two are hit with darts. \"We need to get to Max, pronto!\" I begin to sprint up the stairs. \"Linda!\" I hear Katie scream, and turn around. Linda is currently being sliced up by the hawks. I launch myself towards them, and they fly off. \"Linda! Are you okay?\" \"Katie...\" \"Linda, hang on! We'll call an ambulance!\" \"No...\" She stops Katie. \"This is for the best. Now that I am near death anyways, I can give my power to another. It will kill me, but I'm already dead.\" \"Linda! No!\" Katie shouts. \"I hereby pass on my understanding of animal speech on to Katie Brown. Accept my offering.\" \"I-i accept.\" \"Goodbye...\" Linda says, and her body goes limp. \"Linda...\" I mutter. \"Was that you, Duke?\" Katie asks, tears leaking from her eyes. \"Yeah...\" \"Guess it worked then, huh?\" \"We need to keep moving...\" \"Yeah...\" And as we climb up the stairs, I truly hope that the legends of a better place after death are true. No way... I must be dreaming... There's no way she's alive! \"What's wrong, Maxy? You look like you've seen a ghost!\" \"G-Gidget?\" \"Yep! That's my name!\" \"But you died!\" Tiberius shouts. \"Actually, I escaped first. Everyone was just told that I was put down.\" She responds. \"Tiberius... I understand you did this because of what you thought, but it's still unforgivable. No matter what, I would never want you to hurt Max. When I did it... I wasn't thinking straight. I had been consumed by jealousy. And when I realized that what I had done would draw us apart... It was already too late. But when I heard Max was in danger, I knew I had to help him. Even if he still doesn't forgive me...\" \"Gidget...\" I say, shocked. \"I do forgive you. I never blamed you. I wasn't thinking straight, either. It was only recently that I realized...that I lo-\" Suddenly, I feel a raging pain in my stomach. Tiberius just stuck his claw into me. \"Max!\" Gidget barks, erupting with rage. I think she pounced on him, but I can't really make it out. Chloe rushes to my side. \"Max! Are you okay?\" \"Hehe.\" I grin. \"N-never thought I'd hear you say that.\" I cough out a bit of blood. \"Ch-Chloe... If I don't...make it through this...tell Katie I'm sorry for letting her down.\" \"But she can't understa-\" \"I think she can now...I don't know...it's just a hunch.\" \"One...one more thing, Chloe.\" \"What do you mean, \"one more thing\"!?\" \"Th-thanks for always...being there...to support me, e-even if you...were a little...rude. Sorry that I couldn't last any longer...\" \"Max! You're gonna make it! Come on! Stay with me!\" She yelps, shaking my body. \"S-sorry. Think I've lost too much blood for that... Still got that tranquilizer in my system, too...\" I feel something wet fall from her eye and land on me. \"Heh.\" I chuckle, closing my eyes. \"I...always knew...you were a crybaby...\" \"Max!\" I hear multiple voices yell. Then everything fades into nothing. Max. Please... Just wake up. I know you can hear me. You need to wake up... Katie needs you... Duke needs you... Gidget needs you... All of them, even if they don't usually show it... They need you. I just hope you can realize that...that I need you, too. And not just because I die with you. You need to wake up! I know you can hear me! Please... Just wake up... Max... \"Max... It's me, Duke. I heard about what happened with Tiberius... You tried to get him to stop fighting... It's like you think that even the worst person can change... That anyone can be a good person if they just try... Heh. You never were any good at physical activity. Bet that the tranquilizer got in the way, too. Gidget's worried sick about you... Look, Max. If you aren't going to wake up for me, wake up for her. And if you don't wake up at all... Then I guess this is goodbye. I hope that wherever you go, you can see Linda again.\" \"Maxamillion... I-i told you to make it through this alive! So, if you don't, I'll..I'll have to kill you! Max... Just please wake up... I...I can't lose you, too. Not after what happened to Linda... So just wake up.\" \"Ugh...\" I groan and lift my head up. \"Wha-?\" \"Max! You're awake!\" \"Oh... Hey, Gidget.\" \"Don't ever do that to me again, okay?\" She cries. \"Okay, okay. How...how long was I out?\" \"It's been about two months, Max. You were in a coma, we couldn't wake you up.\" Suddenly, the door bursts open to none other than Duke and Katie. \"Max! You're awake!\" She yells, and rushes towards me in a hug. I give her a quick lick on the face before I am nearly tackled by Duke. \"Easy, Duke!\" She says. \"He's still recovering!\" \"Max... We were so worried...\" \"Wait! How is Gidget here? She doesn't have an owner!\" \"Well,\" Katie replies. \"I'm her owner, now!\" \"Wait... What?\" \"I mean, taking care of three dogs isn't much harder than taking care of two, is it?\" \"No, I mean... You can understand me?\" \"...yeah.\" she sighs. \"Where's Linda?\" I ask, confused. \"She's gone, Max. She gave me her power.: \"Oh. Where'd she go?\" \"Somewhere none of us can follow yet.\" \"Well, guys, I'm kind of curious about what happened after I blacked out. So, uh, could someone explain?\" \"Well... It happened like this...\" Gidget POV, two months prior I can't believe Tiberius would do this! Why would he hurt Max? \"I can't believe I ever wanted you to be my friend...monster.\" Tiberius recoils from my words, and I take the chance to slap him across the rooftop. \"Max!\" I hear a few voices yell and I look back to see a limp body. I rush over and put my ear to his chest... He's still alive but barely. I see Katie, with Duke and Snowball by her side. \"What happened?\" She asks. \"I can understand you guys, just tell me what happened!\" \"We don't have time!\" I bark. \"Take Max and get out of here! Get him to the vet, and he might make it!\" She quickly grabs him and runs down the stairs. I look at Tiberius, who has just gotten up. \"Let's finish this, guys.\" Suddenly, Tiberius lets out a screech, and about a dozen hawks land on the roof beside him. \"What!?\" He shouts. \"What happened to the rest of the army!?\" \"They've all been tranquilized, sir!\" \"Whatever. My most elite soldiers should be able to take care of these fools. Then I can finish off that traitor Max.\" \"Don't...you...ever...\" I growl. \"Go near Max!\" Before he can do anything else, I pounce on him again. Out of the corner of my eyes, I can see the others engaging with Hawks. Sweetpea is faster than them, giving him an advantage. Mel is swinging Buddy around as a weapon. Chloe is...slapping them if they get too close? Snowball is riding Duke as they run into any hawks who land on the ground for too long. And Norman is...being Norman. I scratch Tiberius in the eye, and he falls to the ground. I look around to find the rest of his army unconscious around us. \"Heh.\" He chuckles. \"Guess you really are Gidget. Well, I know how much you care about him...and he could be dead right now because of me. So, go on. Kill me.\" \"No.\" I reply, and everyone around me gasps in shock. \"Max didn't want to fight you. He tried to get you to stop. And if he thinks you can change... Well, let's just say he's got better judgment than me. Just look at Snowball. He's living proof. So go. Get out of here. But I want to make one thing clear. If this happens again...I won't hesitate to finish the job.\" \"Looks like someone's gotten soft over the past few months...\" He snickers, as he starts to flap his wings. \"Later, buddy.\" And just like that, he's gone. We've got to get to Max! Max POV, Present \"Oh. I wish I could have seen Mel and Buddy.\" I grin weakly. \"Max, don't overexert yourself! You just woke up from a two-month coma!\" Duke barks. Oh, yeah. \"Well,\" I ask. \"Can you guys bring me home, yet? 'Cause I'm already sick of this room, and I haven't even been awake for an hour.\" \"We'll see, Max.\" \"Awww.\" Well at least it's finally over... 2 Hours Later \"Welcome home, Max.\" Katie tells me. \"Whoa... This new apartment is giant!\" \"Well, of course! The old one didn't really have enough room for three dogs, and I was planning on upgrading anyways.\" After looking around a bit, I remember Gidget. I look in her direction to find her staring at me, then she quickly looks away. I walk over to her. \"Hey, Gidget!\" \"O-oh! Hey, Max!\" \"I, uh, wanted to talk to you about something, if, uh, that's okay with you.\" \"Alright.\" \"Let's, uh, go outside for a sec.\" \"So, Max, what did you want to talk about?\" Gidget asks as we step onto the balcony. \"Well, first... I'd, uh, like to apologize.\" I respond, stuttering. \"What? Apologize for what?\" \"Well, uh, you see, before the whole, uh, Brooklyn Bridge thing...I kind of, um, took you for granted. And then after you saved my life...I, uh, still couldn't tell how you, uh, felt about me. And because of that, you had to run aw-\" \"Max.\" \"If I wasn't so naive...you could still be with your old owners...\" \"Max.\" \"And maybe...maybe you could have gotten closer to me.\" \"Max! You aren't the one who needs to apologize! Remember everything that I did? I almost killed you! I triggered you! All I wanted was to have you to myself! So don't blame yourself for what I did! And I don't care if you don't think you deserve it, but I'm sorry!\" \"Gidget... I don't care if you don't think you deserve it, but I'm sorry, too.\" \"I know. What else did you want to talk about?\" \"Do...do you, uh, remember when Tiberius, uh, stabbed me while I was talking on the rooftop?\" \"...yes.\" \"I, uh, just thought it'd be a, uh, good idea...to, uh, finish that. So, I'll, uh, start from the beginning.\" \"Okay.\" \"Gidget.\" I recite. \"I, uh, I do forgive you! I don't blame you for anything. Back then, when you were still living across from me, I, uh, wasn't thinking straight, either. It...it was only recently that I, uh, realized that I...I love you.\" \"Max...\" \"Gidget?\" \"Yes?\" \"Would you like to, uh, go out with me?\" \"What, on a date?\" \"Well, uh, y-yeah, I mean, if you wan-\" \"Of course I do, Maxy!\" She barks, and pounces onto me. \"Heh.\" I chuckle. \"Thanks, Gidg.\" \"No, thank you!\" \"Well, isn't this cute?\" I hear Katie's voice from the doorway. \"You two finally hooked up.\" \"Yep!\" I reply. \"Wait, what do you mean 'finally'?\" \"Well, I saw her staring at you sometimes when she lived across from us. So I assumed she was attracted to you.\" I agree with her. Alpha! Come on! You guys are like, my OTP. Of course we are. Suddenly, Duke walks to Katie's side. \"Oh. You guys hooked up. Neat.\" He says, then walks off. \"So, uh, where do you wanna go Gidg? I'll see if I can convince Katie to bring us.\" \"Oh come on!\" Katie interrupts. \"You already know I will! You guys are my new OTP!\" Great minds think alike. Shut it, Alpha. \"Well, there is this sausage factory I've heard about in Brooklyn...\" Gidget tells me. \"Oh! I went there with Duke! It was great!\" \"Okay then, let's go!\" \"Katie! Let's go!\" I bark. \"Calm down, boy!\" Now this is true happiness. \"Hey, guys!\" \"Oh, hey Max! We haven't seen you since the whole hawk thing! How've ya been?\" Buddy asks. \"Oh, uh, I've been pretty good.\" I reply. \"We heard that Gidget moved in with you guys.\" Mel says. \"Um... Yes, she did.\" \" And we heard you brought her to a sausage factory.\" Chloe adds. Oh snap, they're forcing it out of you! \"Yes, yes, this is, um, all true. How did you guys, uh, hear about all of this?\" \"I told them!\" Pops shouts, wheeling himself into the room. \"Okay. Well, how did you know?\" \"Gidget told me!\" \"Of course she did...\" I mutter. Suddenly, Sweatpea flies in and begins to circle me. \"Oh, hey Sweetpea! Heard you helped out with saving me!\" He responds with an enthusiastic chirp and perches himself on my head. \"So, uh, I kind of, uh...wanted to tell you guys something...\" \"And what would that be?\" Chloe asks. \"Well, um, the, uh...the thing is, uh, gidgetandiaredating.\" \"What was that?\" Pops questions. \"Gidget and I, um,\" I reply. \"Gidget and Iaredating.\" \"Hold on, guys.\" Buddy interrupts. \"I think what he's trying to say is that he finally hooked up with Gidget. Is that right, Max?\" \"...yes.\" \"Hey, hey! It's okay, Max! I ship it.\" \"Oh, man!\" Mel laughs. \"Look at how flustered he is!\" \"hate you. hate you all.\" \"Oh, come on, Max!\" Chloe butts in. \"You know you love us!\" \"Yeah...\" I chuckle. \"I know.\" Sweetpea chooses this moment to give me a peck on the head. \"Ow! Sweetpea!\" I yelp. \"I take it back! I hate all of you!\" \"I think that's a 'what-took-you-so-long-to-ask-her-out' peck.\" Buddy jokes. Sweetpea chirps in agreement. \"So, where are Duke and your girlfriend?\" \"Duke is with Snowball, who knows where he's brought him. And Katie brought Gidg to some spa thing. She's kind of high maintenance...\" \"But you love that, don't you, Max?\" Pops asks. \"...yeah. It makes it easy for me to get her things. She loves being pampered. Then again, so do I... Being kind of a hypocrite.\" \"Oh come on, Max!\" Buddy assures me. \"Most people love being pampered, even if they don't usually show it!\" \"Thanks, Buddy. Uh... Sweetpea? Can you stop pecking me?\" Chirp. He continues to peck. \"Whatever. Sometimes you just gotta take what life gives ya.\" \"Ooh! You getting into philosophy, Maxy?\" \"Haha. Very funny, Gidg.\" \"This is coming from mister 'sleeping on the floor, like a dog'.\" \"Wha-? Who told you about that!?\" I ask, embarrassed. \"Duke.\" She replies sweetly. \"Of course... Hey, Gidg?\" \"Yes, Maxy?\" \"Love you.\" \"You, too.\" I snuggle closer to her as we watch the sun sink below the skyline. \"Just kiss already!\" I hear Pops yell, and I snicker. \"Maybe tomorrow. After all, tomorrow is another day.\" \"You really are getting philosophical on me!\" \"Dang it, Gidget!\" After watching the sunset, we say goodbye to all of our friends, and Katie brings us home. \"Hey, Gidg?\" \"Yes?\" \"Do you ever, uh, feel bad for Duke?\" I ask. \"Why?\" \"I mean, he's my brother, right? But lately I, uh, haven't been spending much time with him. I mean, I just woke up from a two-month coma the other day, and I've spent most of my time with you!\" \"Look, Maxy,\" she replies. \"If you really feel so bad, then spend some time with him when we get back. I'll be able to entertain myself for a while.\" \"Thanks, Gidg.\" \"No problem! Now go show your bro how much you care about him!\" She barks as we pull into the parking spot. As soon as we enter the apartment, I can't see any sign of Duke. \"What if he's in danger? Who knows where Snowball brought him.\" I mutter, concerned. \"Relax, Max!\" He shouts from the other room. \"I'm in here!\" I rush into the room. \"Hey, Duke!\" \"Hey, Max. Where's Gidget?\" \"Oh, uh...she's, um, with Katie! So I, uh, decided now would be a good time to, um, spend some time with you!\" \"Really?\" He asks, perking up. \"Course, bro!\" \"Sweet! What do you want to do?\" \"I'm up for anything.\" I tell him. \"Ooh! Maybe we can get Katie to put on Dragon Ball Z for us!\" \"Oh my gosh, that's a great idea!\" \"Katie!\" \"Hey, Duke?\" \"What is it, Max?\" \"I'd just like to apolog-\" \"Max. We've been over this.\" \"Not for back then, okay? I'm sorry I haven't been paying attention to you these past few days...\" \"Hey, I understand, Max. You're finally with your girlfriend who you thought was dead.\" \"That's no excuse! Gidg and I just started dating! I've lived with you for over a year now! You even gave us the whole huge bed, which certainly has enough room for all of us. And you're just settling with my old bed!\" \"Well, Max, you know why I'm doing that? It's because she's your girlfriend! Eventually, she's probably gonna ask you for puppies!\" He barks, and I shudder at the memory of that 'Kristal' person. \"I really don't want to be in the same bed as that.\" \"Okay, but now is not eventually, Duke! If anything, we should get the smaller bed! There's more than enough room for me and Gidget on it!\" \"Max... I am not arguing about this with you. Let's just keep watching the show.\" You know, sometimes he's a little too selfless. This is coming from the guy who was about to let the murderous hawk kill him so someone else could beat him. Shut up, Alpha. K. Eventually, I decide to go to bed. I leave the room to find Gidget waiting outside. I gesture for her to follow me quietly. We lay down on the smaller bed. A few moments later, Duke comes out and tries to get us to move. He eventually gives up and lays down on the large bed. Victory for Max! I wake up in the morning to find Gidget curled up around me. I decide to wait for her to wake up on her own. Hey, Max? We haven't seen dad in a while... Oh no! We haven't seen him since before the whole Tiberius incident! We gotta get Katie to take us! Well, you aren't going anywhere for awhile. Your girlfriend's still asleep. Oh! Maybe we can bring her! Eh... I don't know... We're bringing her. Okay, okay! I don't have to wait long before she wakes up. \"Hey, Maxy! Oh! Sorry about that!\" She says, noticing her position. \"It's okay, Gidg.\" \"I feel terrible, though! How long were you waiting?\" \"Just a few minutes. It's okay, really.\" \"If you say so...\" \"So, uh, Gidget! I was, uh, wondering if you'd like to, um, meet my father.\" \"Your father is alive?\" \"Yep.\" \"Alright! Where is he?\" \"He'll be at Central Park. I was gonna ask Katie to bring us.\" \"Okay! Do we have to wait for Duke to get up?\" \"Nope!\" He interrupts. \"Already up!\" \"Wow.\" I mutter. \"You're up early.\" \"Shut up, Max!\" \"Well, let's go get Katie!\" \"Alright, you three,\" Katie tells us. \"I've gotta go. I'll be back in a few hours, 'kay?\" We all bark in agreement. \"Dad?\" I bark. \"Max?\" I hear him say, and he rushes towards us. \"What happened? Why haven't you come to see me in so long?\" \"Well,\" I reply. \"I was kinda sorta maybe in a coma for two months...\" \"What? How?\" \"Well...\" I begin, and explain everything that happened. \"Wow.\" \"Oh, one more thing.\" I add. \"I may or may not be dating Gidg.\" He looks at me in terror. \"But didn't she-\" \"Yes, and didn't I try to frame Duke over here?\" \"Yeah! You tell him, Maxy!\" \"Wait.\" Duke interrupts. \"Do you two already have pet names for each other? Haven't you only been dating for, like, 3 days?\" \"Not what we're talking about, Duke.\" \"So, what do you want, Gidget ?\" My father asks suspiciously. \"My approval?\" \"Dad! She's changed!\" \"Well,\" Gidget starts. \"It would be nice.\" \"Well, you have it!\" He laughs. \"You've done more for him than I have, and I can see how happy you two are together. Now, Max, I need to talk to you for a few moments in private.\" \"Okay.\" I say, and follow him to a tree. \"Now, Max. When a boy dog and a girl dog love each other very much, they-\" \"Dad! I understand how puppies are made!\" I bark, flustered. \"Okay, okay!\" He snickers. \"See you later, Dad!\" \"Bye, Max, Duke, and Gidget!\" Katie is waiting for us at the gate. \"So...\" She starts. \"That dog was your father, Max?\" \"Yep!\" \"Does he approve of your relationship?\" \"Yep!\" And as I cuddle up with Gidget in the car, I realize just how amazing my life is. \"Hey, Maxy?\" \"Yeah, Gidg?\" \"How about that kiss?\" \"Maybe tomorrow. After all...\" \"... tomorrow is another day.\" \"Maxy! Come on, wake up!\" \"Ugh,\" I groan. \"What is it, Gidg?\" \"There's someone I want you to see!\" \"Can it wait? I'm trying to sleep.\" \"No, it can't! He has to go soon!\" \"Alright. You win.\" I manage to lift myself off the bed and look at her. \"Where is this guy?\" \"Follow me!\" After following Gidget for a few moments, I find myself on the rooftop. In front of me is a very familiar hawk. \"Hey, Tiberius.\" I greet him tiredly. \"Oh! You really are okay! Thank God!\" He says, visibly relieved. \"What, did you think a couple puncture wounds could kill me?\" I joke. \"In all seriousness, you seem to care a lot more than you did two months ago.\" \"Well, um... Gidget has told me of how, uh, she would not want you dead, even if something you did led to her death... So, um, sorry? About that whole 'revenge' thing?\" \"Hey, it's alright! It's not like she didn't do it, too.\" \"Maxy!\" \"It's true!\" \"Well, um, thanks for forgiving me, Max! I gotta fly, but I'll see you around!\" Ha! It's funny becaus- Yes, because he can fly. \"OK, see you later, Tiberius!\" A few moments after he leaves, the sun begins to rise. I feel Gidget pressing into my side. \"So, Maxy~. How about that kiss?\" So, a few hours after the sunrise, I'm lounging with Duke, Gidget is ranting to Katie about something until said human's phone rings. It's a familiar ringtone. It's also one I've learned to dislike. \"Oh, hey Susie! Been a long time!\" Katie says, answering the phone. \"Who's Susie?\" Duke asks, confused. \"That's Katie's sister.\" I shudder. \"What's wrong with her?\" \"It's not her , it's her dog. She has a Jack Russell terrier. You know, like me. And that dog is infatuated with me. She's worse than Gidget.\" \"Okay, it's gotta be pretty bad if even you can notice it.\" \"Hey!\" \"Oh,\" Katie continues. \"Of course I can watch Jess for a few days!\" \"Oh no. Please no.\" I say, beginning to freak out. \"Alright, Suz! See ya tomorrow!\" Katie finishes, hanging up. \"Okay, Max. What's the proble- Oh... She likes you . But you don't like her. You like Gidget. Don't worry, I'll make sure she doesn't try anything.\" \"Thanks, Katie.\" Gidget and I are sitting on the rooftop, watching the sunset. \"Maxy?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Are you sure there's nothing we can do about that dog coming over?\" \"Yes, Gidg.\" I sigh. \"I'm sure. But I want you to remember something tomorrow. Whenever you see her try to take me from you, just remember this.\" I kiss her. \"And remember that I'm going to do that every night. And always remember... Tomorrow is another day.\" \"Right. Tomorrow is another day.\" A/N: There you have it. Expect Book 4 in the next few days. Then you only people will have to wait just like all the AO3 readers. Maybe if anyone wants I'll post a few of the extras, too. K, bye. ","Summary":" A/N: It's finally here. Books 2 and 3 of Brothers have been re-edited and transfered here. I put th"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"The afterlife","Author":"WineRedRoses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9099387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own 28 Weeks later Hi everybody. This is my first story. First of all, I have to say that English is not my native language, so sorry if there are any mistakes. I try my best to avoid mistakes. I hope you will enjoy reading. Reviews are always welcomed :) Prologue Breathing heavily, she ran through the empty streets of London. Her lungs were burning, but her fear was so big that she could ignore that easily. Even a pause of five seconds could mean her death. She did not want to die, especially not in this way. Not as a monster who lost his mind and who is only full of greed to devour people. She would rather prefer a final death than to be an uncontrolled monster. At the thought of being a virus infested zombie she speeded up. Raquelle Cooley was not a really good person, but a petty criminal. At least, she was not a monster. The black-haired could not help it that she was a criminal. I t was apparently in her family. Her father was also a criminal. And he was the reason she has not disappeared from London along with all the others who were evacuated. Luckily, no one cared for a petty criminal like her. No one was looking for her. But she really does not give a damn. Raquelle could not get away from London without him, so she has gone in search of her father. Not a particularly successful search. All the time she was busy running away from the infested zombies. She had no opportunity to look for him even though she knew where she has to begin. Yet, she was thinking of him every night, at any rate, when the lovely zombies gave her the chance to. \"Bloody hell\", she swore as she fled into a small alley. Her back pressed against the brick wall of the building while she was focusing on the sounds that surrounded her. She could hear nothing else than her own breath. She let herself fall on the wall slowly, still leaning her back against it. The power left her slowly but surely. It was exhausting to be on the run all the time. Only now she noticed that her lungs were burning and that her legs suddenly felt as hard as stone. The black-haired would have probably given up long ago if her father would not have been. Only for him, she fled. Only for him, she wanted to stay alive. She wanted to find him so that they could get out of here together. It was all for him. Again, she listened attentively, but there was no sound. Not even birds chirping or the wind blowing. Absolutely nothing. Melancholy took hold in her minds. Raquelle was born in the home of her father which was Philadelphia in the United States, but she has lived in London since she was nine years old. Beautiful memories are not only connected with Philadelphia, but also with London. London was not only her mother´s hometown, but also hers. She loved London, has always loved it. But now her home was just left and lifeless. Dead as the corpses that lay scattered all over the streets. No children laughter anymore, no more tumult, no teenagers who were hanging out together after school. Nothing. Everything was dead. Maybe even her father. What made her believe that he is still alive? What made her believe that he is waiting for her? What made her believe that he is not a fucking zombie ready to tear her up? She swallowed hard at that thought. Stop thinking about it, she ordered herself. Her hands ran across her face. What should she do? What the fuck should she do? Just keep this up until she meets her dad and then leave London with him and live a good life as if nothing had happened? Should she continue to believe in a happy ending? Bloody hell, this is real life and not a fucking fairy tale!, she thought. A crash startled her. Crap, she thought. Without losing any time, she jumped to her feet and sprinted. She was not even sure if she was being followed, but she would not be stupid enough to risk a glance backwards. She had to run. That was what she did all day. Running for her life. She raced through the corpse-strewn streets, dodging the dead bodies. Her heart was beating fast and hard against her chest. But she ignored it. Her lungs were burning again, like the rest of her adrenaline pumped body. But she ignored it. Her legs ached at every single step she took. But she ignored it. Her desperate gaze sought the area off for the best escape route. Just one second of inattention was all. Just a second was necessary so that her foot struck against a hard dead body. Just one second in which Raquelle stumbled over a corpse. It was impossible for her to avoid the collision. Her head crashed hard against the curb. She felt the sharp pain in her head for only a few seconds, until everything around her finally went black.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 \"Hey, Andy\", she whispered as she shook him gently on his shoulder. He turned away from her with a grunt, his face hidden in the pillow. Sighing, she leaned closer to him. \"Andy. Andy get up.\" Her voice was only a very faint whisper. She was afraid that someone could hear her or more precisely that her father could hear her and caught her in the act. Her younger brother grunted again and only shook off her hand. \"Andy come on, get up. We have to go now.\" Her grip got a little stronger. She proceeded to shake his shoulder unrelentingly. She had to get him awake, no matter how. All they had to look out for was not to getting caught by anyone. But that should not be a problem. The sun was about to rise now. Not even the birds were chirping. It was early in the morning. That explained why Andy was to get awake so hard, but she had no choice. If they wanted to leave District one, they would have to do it at these times. A time, when no one was awake, when no one had to go to work, except the soldiers of course. Finally, her little brother turned to face her. His eyes were half-closed, but he tried hard to look at her, his raised hand rubbing one of his eyes. \"Tammy, what's going on?\", he asked a little too loud, but still tired. \"Shhh!\", she hissed, laying a finger on her lips, \"not so loud.\" \"What's wrong\", ha asked, suddenly wide awake, lifting his upper part of his body with a jerk and looked at her anxiously. She gave him a gentle smile to calm him. He was so small. So young and innocent. It was not fair that he had to experience this. It was not fair that anyone had to experience this; the virus which destroyed the lives of many, including theirs; the virus that had killed people or had turned them into monsters. It has cost the life of her mother. She remembered the feeling as their father had told them that her mother no longer was among them. Her world collapsed. A stab in her heart and the sharp pain had recalled her that the situation was real and not a horrible nightmare. Her father had actually said that her mother was dead. Maybe it had been foolish of her to believe that once they were back in London they would be reunited with their parents and would be a happy family again. That was what she had hoped for, what she had wanted more than anything else. Even though she had shown little reaction when her father had been telling how her mother had died, it had hurt her incredibly. But she was not allowed to be weak. She had to be strong, not only for herself but also for her brother. She will protect him, no matter how. She would not let anything happen to him. At least they had their father. At least he was there for them. Full of enthusiasm, he talked about his job and had assured that they could live a normal life again. As normal as possible. But they could make it together. They could get a life again in district one, in their hometown London which she had missed in Spain. Home, she thought, still smiling gently while her brother looked worried. She brushed his hair lovingly. \"We're going home\", she whispered softly, lost in old memories. \"What do you mean?\" he asked slightly worried, his voice a whisper. When she had said this sentence the last time, they had been about to return to London. \"You'll see. But come now, we have to hurry, before everyone else get up\", she whispered to him as she stood up and grabbed a few garments of Andy in order to throw them against him. \"Get dressed quickly\", she ordered while sneaking out of the room to check on her father, who was hopefully asleep. \"Come on, Andy, hurry up, otherwise they'll catch us\" she called over her shoulder. Her gaze darted around the area. Concentrated, she sucked in every detail of her surroundings. Any carelessness could ruin their plan, which was hard enough. She could not imagine what would be waiting for them when they will return to District one. At the moment, she could simply not think about it because she was too busy with scouring the area for people who could possibly prevent their little excursion. Just some armed soldiers who certainly did not expect any people. A fact which made their little flight from District one easier. Uneasiness ran throughout her body, but she ignored it, after all she gave her little brother a promise. That he will never forget their mother. A quick glance over her shoulder and a small show of hands, before she ran off followed by her brother Quietly, she lumbered forward, jumped over on the outer railing of the big bridge. Her heart seemed to stand still, her breath caught as they sneaked past the soldiers. It was not until they landed on the other side out of District one, she could take a deep breath. Relief was reflected in her eyes as her lips formed a smile. She turned her head to Andy, who smiled as he kept eye contact with her. Both of them started running at the same moment. Boisterously laughing, they ran through the streets of their old home. Satisfied, Tammy looked at Andy who was spreading his arms and shouting in joy. \"Yeah! Wuuuuh! London is mine\", he cried out in happiness. Freedom! This word ran through her mind. She felt free. The feeling of the wind which was blowing in her face and waving her hair back, this feeling was freedom. Something she had not felt for a long time, neither in the refugee camp nor in District one. Especially not in District one which was full of heavily armed soldiers and snipers on the roofs everywhere. Tammy was not stupid, of course, she had noticed the snipers who were stationed for their safety. Still, it was a creepy feeling to know that you are observed. The streets were empty, the buildings looked dilapidated, rusty cars lay scattered and partially flipped on the roads. \"Come on Andy,\" she shouted, laughing over her shoulder as she viewed a scooter. Exactly what we need, she thought. Her steps quickened, her smile grew bigger. As she approached the scooter, she slowed her pace gradually. Her eyes had captured something else than the scooter. Her breath caught as she realized what that \"something\" was. \"What's up, Tammy?\" she heard the voice of her brother, who suddenly appeared next to her. But she was not able to respond, her eyes glued on something.. \"Is that ...?\" She heard the slightly trembling voice of Andy. As if hypnotized, she stared at a body, a girl who lay lifeless on the street. Her eyes looked at her critically. Estimated by Tammy, she was about 25 years old. \"Is she an infected?\" Andy finished his question that he could not ask a few seconds before. Tammy could feel his body pressed closer to hers. Automatically she ran her hand over his head to calm him. Suddenly the young woman gasped, her body slightly twitching, causing Tammy and Andy to jump in fright. Tammy's eyes focused the body. With narrowed eyes she looked at something that had drawn her attention. With slow steps she approached her without minding her environment or to the cries of her brother. Tammy stopped a few inches in front of the unconscious girl, her eyes concentrating on something under her head. A red gleaming and metallic smelling liquid. Blood! She is bleeding, Tammy thought. Reluctantly, because she did not know if she should help or run away, she remained motionless. Maybe she was infected and would tear her and her brother when she wakes up. But perhaps she was not infected and urgently in need of medical help. Insecure what she was supposed to do, her eyes went back to her brother, who looked scared. \"Tammy?\" He whispered with a trembling voice. She turned her attention back to the bleeding girl. It was silent, so they could hear the faint irregular breaths of her. What should she do? Before she could answer her own question, she heard something. Loud noises, strong winds and a babble of voices. Then masked soldiers appeared, grabbed her and dragged her away. \"She needs help,\" she suddenly decided as she saw one of the soldiers pointed his gun at the girl. \"She needs help,\" she screamed again before she was dragged along and the body of the young unconscious woman disappeared from her view. \"She needs help,\" stabbed the shrill desperate voice of Tammy in her ears. \"What's the matter?\" asked General Stone, with whom she had fought earlier, because two children were missing and she accused him again that it was irresponsible to bring children to the District one. \"Sir, a young woman is lying on the street here. Unconscious. Estimated early to mid-twenties. Black hair. She seems to have an injury at the back of her head and is bleeding. What are we supposed to do with her? \" Scarlet Levy watched the mimic of the general. His hard features showed little as he answered. \"Shoot her.\" \"What?\" Scarlet screamed in shock, \"No! She needs help. \", She remembered the panicked cry of Tammy. \"She might be infected.\" \"Or not. Haven't you said that the last infected had died several weeks ago, \"she asked in a provocative voice, her eyes challenging him. \"Shall we risk bringing her to District one so that the disease can spread here?\" \"The virus is transferable only through body fluids such as saliva and blood, not through the air. You can bring her to my office and I examine her. \" \"No,\" the general insisted, his gaze firmly on her. \"Do you want to take the risk of killing an innocent? Bring her to me. Afterwards you can still shoot her \"insisted the medic, her eyes just as determined as Stone`s. He looked into her eyes while she was trying not to be intimidated by him. \"Bring the woman in the medical laboratory. If there is any little sign of trouble, you will shoot immediately. Send a Delta sniper to medicine laboratory, \"he ordered his gaze still on Scarlet. \"It is now up to your responsibility.\" \"Doyle. Move your ass into the medical lab \", someone informed him a few minutes ago. It was not bothering him; in contrast, he was glad that finally something was happening because he was bored. Who would not, if all he has to do is staying on a roof and observing people? He was glad for the change. Not that he had looked forward to something terrible, when he caught the kids as they were breaking out, something might happen to them, but now it was getting interesting; at least more interesting than before. He was informed that the children found a girl who was unconscious and bleeding on the streets. Major Scalet Levy, the chief medical officer, wanted to avoid her immediate execution on the spot, for whatever reason. Better for me, thought Doyle with a smile, maybe he was lucky and she was infected. Then he could have the pleasure to kill one of these monsters. When he entered the lab of the Chief medical officer, she was giving two soldiers instructions. \"Put her there on the camp bed.\" After the soldiers had drained the lifeless body, they pushed their way past Sergeant Doyle, who nodded to them. His eyes went to the \"thing\" that was brought here by his colleagues. Everything he saw from the distance was black hair. Officer levy seemed to ignore him. She was busy preparing herself to take off her blood. He approached them, his gun firmly in his grip and fixed to the body. As he approached, he could see the face of the young woman. All of a sudden, he felt guilty. Guilty, because he had all of his previous thoughts, such as the luck to shoot her and the hope that she was infected. He regretted all of them. He felt ashamed that he had the desire to get the chance to shoot her because she was so young. And quiet beautiful not to forget. Swallowing hard, he looked at the soft facial features of the girl. Her black hair was hanging in her face. Dry blood was in her pitch-black hair. Dirt was not only on her clothes, but also on her honey-colored skin. Her white shirt was covered with blood stains and her jeans were torn in several places. His gaze ran searchingly over her frail body, sucked in every inch of her body in order to remember every part of it. His fascinated gaze lay on her breast, which rose and fell with every breath she took. He stared at it, mesmerized and unable to move. When the medic stood up with a blood sample in her hand, he was withdrawn into reality again. He swallowed hard, embarrassed as he realized that he had languished an unconscious injured young woman. He did not even notice how the medic took out the sample. Officer Levy ran straight to her microscope. He watched her as she studied the blood. \"And? Is she infected? \" he wanted to know hoping that the answer would be no. \"Does not look like it. I can detect no viruses and no other abnormalities in her blood, \"she replied, still focused on the image in the microscope. Relieved sighing, he closed his eyes. \"Nevertheless, we should be careful because ...\" began the chief medical officer, but she was interrupted by a pained gasp. Doyle's head spun around. He could hear a creaking, probably caused by Officer Scarlet who stood up abruptly from her chair and appeared next to Doyle. Doyle looked down on the black-haired just as excited as the chief medical officer. Her eyelids fluttered and she was going to get back to consciousness. \"Soon we will know whether she is infected or not,\" Scarlet whispered with obvious tension in her voice. Please don't be an infected zombie, Doyle pleaded while directing his weapon on the unknown girl.[Chapter 3] Wow! Got my first review. Thanks a lot! Chapter 2 Muffled voices, which she could not assign anyone, reached her ears. Her whole body ached, but the worst was the stabbing pain in the back of her head. Her eyelids fluttered. Light penetrated her black lashes and burned in her eyes. Knee-jerk, she closed her eyes tightly. She tried to move her limbs laboriously, but not one of her aching body parts obeyed. What just happened?, she wondered. Slowly, she dared to open her eyes again. With all her strength she raised her right arm to put it protectively over her eyes. \"Ugh\", she moaned, her eyes half opened. Propping on both of her arms, she raised her upper body slowly; her look confused as she discovered that she was in an unfamiliar room. \"Hi\", she heard a female voice she did not know. She turned her head immediately in the direction in which she located the owner of the voice. Panicked, she looked up at a woman with black hair, but she was not the one who caused the panic in her, but rather the armed soldier standing next to her. Without thinking further, she immediately slipped as far away as possible. Her back hit the hard wall which prevented that she could veer away from the two figures along. Rapidly breathing, she pressed her strained body against the cold wall, her frantic gaze searching for some means of escape. Nevertheless, she was sure that the soldier would shoot her if she tried to run away. She was trapped and defenseless against them. Slowly, the black haired woman took a step closer, her hands raised, apparently to prove her that she would not hurt her. \"You don't have to be afraid. We won't harm you\", she spoke slowly, probably because she seemed to be insecure herself. The glance of the girl eyed her up accurately to figure out if she could trust her or not. Life had taught her never to trust anyone or never to show weakness, but that was exactly what she did. She had to prove them both and herself that she was not weak. \"Hard to believe when a gun is directed to you\" she commented full of sarcasm. The woman turned her gaze to the soldier. With a slight nod, she gave him a sign to put away his gun. \"What's your name?\", the woman asked while coming closer. The soldier remained silent in the background, but she felt his piercing glance all over her. \"Isn't it polite to introduce yourself first?\" she asked with more confidence, her body slowly relaxing. The woman gave her a warm smile. \"My name is Scarlet Levy. I'm the chief medical officer of District one\", she introduced herself. Again, her eyes slid over the warm smiling woman who just introduced herself as Scarlet Levy. Of course she did not trust her just because she now knew her name. But at the moment she could not help but play along. \"Raquelle Guevara\", was her sharp and curt response, her eyes still full of suspicion. Raquelle Guevara. The Name did not sound very British, but Latin-American. Not only Doyle, but also Scarlet, who frowned quizzically, realized that. \"Guevara?\" she dug deeper. Raquelle rolled her eyes annoyed. \"Yeah, my…\", she hesitated briefly which is why Doyle starred at her even more interested. \"My dad is originally from Brazil\", she explained, her gaze was fixed on an unknown spot to avoid making eye contact with them. Brazil. That suits her appearance, her honey-colored skin tone, her pitch-black hair, her caramel-colored eyes which are surrounded by thick black lashes, he thought while eyeballing her again. Even looking like a mess, Doyle could say that she was beautiful in her own way. \"And what are you doing in London?\", Scarlet asked further with genuine interest. Doyle observed Raquelle, who still looked away. He had to swallow hard as she bit on her full lower lip from nervousness, because it looked so damn sexy. With an effort he managed that his thoughts did not run in a direction which is not G-rated. \"My mum was British. I live here for 15 years\", she mumbled. Discomfort apparently spread through her, as she scratched her left upper arm. \"Okay, Raquelle…how old are you?\", Scarlet wanted to know. Suspiciously, Raquelle glanced at the medic, not willing to tell her more. \"Listen. London was invaded by a virus…\", the chief medical officer began, but Raquelle interrupted her immediately. \"I know. I was there\", she said harshly with a hollow and bitter laughter. \"Why hadn't you been in evacuation?\" Again, her body moved in discomfort, her back pressed against the wall. Her behavior reminded Doyle to a prey which has been backed into a corner, probably she felt like one. The questions seemed to be more than unpleasant for her. \"Had something to do.\" \"Had no one noticed that you have been missing?\" \"No one cares for petty crook\", she murmured quietly to herself, before sighing in frustration. Surprised, Doyle frowned and gazed at Raquelle again, this time without any perverted ulterior motives. Her body did not seem to be in the best condition, but rather seemed fragile and easy to break. But what can you expect? Who knows how long she was traveling alone and what she had eaten. However, he exchanged a questioning glance with Scarlet. Her eyes were determined and Doyle exactly knew what she wanted to say. They should keep that for themselves, who knows how the others would react to her criminal past. \"How did you manage to survive out there?\", came out of Doyle's mouth without even noticing. Fuck!, he thought and he would like to bite his tongue. Being a loudmouth had its drawbacks, you are not able to control your mouth and you never know what can come out of it. He had just risked that she would not tell much more. She was clearly just willing to talk to Scarlet and no one else, even not trusting her fully. Scarlet looked at him briefly with slight disapprove. After muttering a quiet \"sorry\" the medic turned to the young woman. \"There was plenty of water and food in London. I've just taken what I needed from any shops. Sometimes I've only found expired stuff, but after three days without food, I had to force myself to eat the stuff. At first, I puked the expired food immediately, but after a while my body probably got use to it and I was able to keep a part of the stuff in my stomach\", she explained, her face twisted in disgust at the memory of the expired food, \"sometimes I was lucky and found fresh fruits and berries on trees and shrubs.\" \"Have you ever met an infected person?\" \"Yes\", she replied briefly. \"How could you escape them?\" \"By running as fast as I could, I geuss.\" \"You guess? How well can you remember the past events?\" \"The recent past day not particularly…hardly…almost nothing…I don't know.\" Again, she sighed in despair, as her right hand ran over her face. Scarlet cleared her throat. Hesitantly she placed her hand on Raquelles knee, but that touch caused Raquelle to jump up slightly. Confused, she glanced at Scarlet's Hand, her thumb brushing gently on her ripped jeans. \"I know you are going to bristle, but I have to check you up. It's nothing bad, just a little health checkup. And I have to check on your head. And, well, I have to investigate your body for scars to exclude for sure that you…\" \"That I'm not infected with the fucking virus\", Raquelle ended bitterly groaning for her. \"Apparently, I don't have a choice\", she muttered annoyed, \"so, whatever.\" \"I have to check your whole body\", the chief medical officer explained. One of Raquelle's eyes hiked up before her eyes met Doyle. He was not able to react, let alone think straight, as he sank into her caramel-colored eyes. \"Sergeant, uh…\", the medic addressed him, but he did not notice it. \"Sergeant\", she called louder this time and took Doyle from his numbness back to reality. Only then he understood what has just been decided. Ashamed, he nodded clearing his throat. \"Sure...I…uh…go out the door.\" Hesitantly, he turned and went outside. In the corridor, he leaned against the cold wall, the door next to him still ajar. The next moment, he heard a rustling of fabric and inwardly cursed his good ears. She was just undressing. Don't look! Just don't look Doyle! You're not a pervert, he warned himself. His head dangerously moved to the side, but he spun his head back in time and closed his eyes. He stood silently for a while. With eyes shut his thoughts went back to the raven haired and probably naked young woman. He started fantasizing about her and her body. How she stripped. How her skin felt under his fingers. How she looked at him. Fuck, he cursed his naughty thoughts, concentrate yourself Doyle! \"Well, your head injury is done. It is possible that you have a mild concussion. Let`s take a look at your body. Well, Raquelle, you apparently don't know anything about District one. After all the infected have died…\", he heard the slightly absent voice of Scarlet who apparently checked Raquelle's body inch for inch. \"Died? You mean, there is no more of…those monsters?\", Raquelle asked. \"No, not a single. That's why London is civilized again. District one is a security zone in which the former inhabitants of London return and continue a normal life again. I assume that you want to stay in London.\" Raquelle did not answer, but she seemed to have nodded, because Scarlet continued speaking. \"Good, then you have to stay in District one and you have to follow the rules. However, I need some information about you. Can I ask you about?\" Again, it was silent for a moment; he listened tensely until Scarlet's voice floated in his ears again. \"How old are you?\" \"24.\" \"Are you born in London?\" \"No. Philadelphia.\" \"USA?\" \"Yes, my dad lived there and my mum met him there.\" \"Since when have you been living in London?\" \"For 15 years.\" \"May I ask you why you have moved to London?\" \"My mum wanted to.\" \"Aha. Your blood type?\" \"B negative.\" „Okay, you have no scars or injuries. Uh…listen, it is necessary that you have to take a shower.\" \"A real shower?\", Doyle heard the delighted voice of Raquelle that elicited him a chuckle. Amused, he shook his head as he continue listening. \"And where is the shower?\" \"Over there. But this is not a normal shower, but serves to uh…kind of disinfection. You have to endure the shower.\" \"No problem, as long as I will get clean.\" \"I'll get you something to wear. Stay here and don't go away\", Scarlet called as hear voice came closer to Doyle. Suddenly she appeared next to Doyle who straightened up in surprise and looked at her expectantly. \"Please tell General Stone, I'll take responsibility for her. She will stay with me for now and she will live in District one. She is not a danger for anyone and is definitely not infected\" she spoke as she walked down the almost empty hallway, closely followed by Doyle. Abruptly, he stopped as Scarlet turned around to face him. Frowning, she looked at him quizzically. \"Was the door open all the time?\", she wanted to know. Ashamed, Doyle coughed and cleared his throat, totally aware what she asked implicitly. \"Uh…yeah…seems so\", he stammered, trying to brace himself somehow. Scrutinizing and with her arms crossed over her chest she looked up at him. \"Just for the records, I' m taking care of her now. And I'm very protective.\" \"Yes ma'am\", he brought out with a cough. \"Good\", she said before she went along. Doyle stared at her back for a while before following her again. Raquelle could mean danger for him because for him she is pure seduction.[Chapter 4] I know it took long and I am so sorry and I know that there is not much action in this chapter but I hope you'll still enjoy it. By the way thank you so much for reviewing and following etc. I was really suprised :) Chapter 3 \"The fluid in the shower certainly was not water. That fucking etched. I thought my skin is burning\" Raquellle complained as she joined the lab of Major Levy completely new dressed in a fresh clean outfit, consisting of a simple jeans and a T-shirt. It was a wonderful feeling to wear not dirty and ragged clothes. Her blue T-shirt, which she plucked, smelled beautiful after washing powder. She deeply inhaled the smell, which she had not able to smell for weeks. \"I'm sorry, I hope it hasn't hurt too much\", the medic replied with an apologetic smile. \"It's alright\" Raquelle muttered and walked to a mirror in the corner to view herself. Her own reflection seemed so strange to her that she had to look two times to identify herself. Apart from the fact that she had clearly lost a few pounds, she had almost forgotten her clean look. In the last weeks, her sight had been shabby and dirty, not beaming and fresh. It seemed to her as if she has been requickened. Now, I just have to gain weight, I no longer want to look like a skeleton, she thought while shoving her shirt up. Her ribs were clearly in the offing. Raquelle sullenly watched her figure. Sighing, she put her shirt back down to turn back to Scarlet, who looked thoughtful, her head braced on one hand. After gazing over Raquelle, who now seemed to feel less uncomfortable than before, she began to speak. \"How are you feeling?, she asked in a voice that reminded Raquelle of a caring big sister, but that was exactly how she behaved. It was a strange feeling that someone was caring for you who did not even belong to the family. She was a totally stranger. In addition, she knew that Raquelle did not have a clean slate, but Scarlet did not seem to care about her past. The raven-haired woman shrugged her shoulder listlessly to answer as she began to slowly walk through the lab and interested consider every single item of which she did not even know what it was. \"Well, I guess, better than the last few weeks\", the younger replied with an absent voice. She could feel Scarlet's scrutinizing gaze on her, watching every movement of her. But she did not care. She felt much more relaxed than before. Perhaps because she was clean and refreshed, even if the shower had almost corroded her skin. But maybe it was because of the fact that no soldier was present and pointing a gun at her. What a jerk, she thought annoyed. Who points a gun at an injured and not even armed girl?, she wondered, simple ignoring the thought that people could consider her an infected with good causes. Admitting a fault was foreign to her nature. \"What are you going to do?\", she was asked by Scarlet. Raquelle froze in her movement. Good question, what am I going to do? What shall I do? Or better, what can I do?, she wondered in complete silence. But she did not know any answer to that important question. She would prefer to continue her search for her father, but she definitely would not reveal that to Scarlet, after all it was not allowed to leave District one. And if she wanted to look for her dad again, she should keep this as her little secret. \"I don't know\", Raquelle answered honestly. How was she supposed to answer the question if she did not know the life in District one? \"Are there really no infected anymore?\" she asked without turning to Scarlet, her gaze clued on the steel table in front of her, her fingers sliding over die cold metal. Unsureness grew inside of her, however, she tried to ignore it. \"No one is out there\", Major Levy replied with a relieved undertone. The reply struck Raquelle like a shot. Her stomach tightened immediately. No one. That included her father. Desperated, the black haired girl bit her dry lower lip. Her bite was so strong that her lower lip started bleeding slightly. She would like to hole up at a corner, but her wish would not be fulfilled. No one was out there. So was her father, wasn't he? `But…they thought I haven't been out there. They were clueless 'bout me. So, it could be possible that Dad is somewhere hiding out there\", Raquelle reasoned. `And perhaps they are wrong and there are still some people infected with the rage virus.´ The appalling thought crossed her mind, but she tried to shake off the thought. Even if she had forgotten almost every memory of the past few days, she remembered some moments, horrific images of infected monster which flashed by her mind. Moments where beastlike people had run after her. She could remember the feeling of panic and fear, which she could feel again throughout her body, very well. Forcefully, she shook her head, her raven black hair swaying, before she turned to Scarlet. \"I don't know what I shall do know\", she admitted finally while looking at the medic expectantly. The medic smiled before getting up and stepping toward the black haired. \"Never mind, I'll help you, after all, I've took responsibility for you\", she tried to cheer Raquelle up, petting her arm gently. Raquelle was about to open her mouth, but she could forbear the comment that she is a 24 year old adult and mature enough to take care of herself. Major Levy tried to help her and she was not really an easy person. \"Whatever\", she mumbled, not wanting to fight against a fact that she could not change. \"First, you need an apartment. I am going to look for a free one that you can move in.\" \"I've no money\", Raquelle reminded herself. \"And that's one thing we also have to solve. You definitely need a job. A legal job\", the medic added with a strict glance. Raquelle rolled her eyes in annoyance, slowly really feeling like pubertal teenager. \"But, hey, you could assist me in the laboratory. I could need some support and at the same time I could take care of you\", Scarlet said suddenly beaming. \"Hey, I'm not a little kid. I'm an adult, anyway I'm 24 years old\", it finally slipped out of her mouth. It annoyed her to be treated like a child, after all she has looked for herself for years. In addition, Major Levy treated her as if she was made of glass, even the carefulness with which she touched Raquelle, made her see red. \"I'm totally aware of this, but you are not well versed in District one and the condition for not shooting you immediately was that I accept sole responsibility for you.\" \"Whoa, wait a sec. They wanted to kill me?\", Raquelle wanted to know with a baffled expression on her face, her eyes widening in disbelief. \"Yes, because the possibility that you were an infected was high. As the kids have found you, you were lying unconsciously on…\" \"Who have found me?\", Raquelle interrupted Major Levy sharply. \"Two kids. They pulled out of District one and found you. That was a really lucky coincidence. Who knows what would have happened to you\", Scarlet explained her. \"Wow, I should thank them both, I geuss\", the black haired said, running a hand through her hair. \"And now\", she wanted to know, her questioning gaze focused on the medic. \"Now, you have a job as my personal assistant. All you need know is somewhere to live, but I'm going to ask about that. I don't think that this will be a problem. After that we need a shopping date, because you definitely in need of clothes\", the medic replied with wink, before turning around and walking toward the door. \"Can I ask you for a favor?\", Raquelle made her stop just in front of the door. The chief medical officer turned to face her with a warm smile. \"Of course.\" The discomfort which grew in her stomach caused her to scratch her arm, a habit which she could not get rid of and which she always did whenever she felt nervous. \"Could you find someone for me? Her Name is Jamila Greene. The last time I saw her was on the day of evacuation. She should go ahead and we should meet later. I'll stay with her, if she is living in District one. We used to live together before…you know…all this bloody crap happened, we…\" \"Are friends?\", Scarlet finished her sentence with a smile, feeling relieved that Raquelle is not completely alone. But Raquelle corrected her: \"She is family to me.\" Encouragingly smiling, Scarlet looked at her: \"I'm going to ask about her. Wait her for me, I'm back in some minutes.\" \"Thanks, Miss Levy?\", Raquelle said feeling a little bit awkward. \"Call me Scarlet\", Major Levy offered the young raven haired woman. \"Thanks Scarlet.\" She was supposed to wait for Scarlet, but after waiting in a cold and cheerless lab for ten minutes, she felt extremely bored. She did not know anything about District one, not even how it looked like. After few steps into freedom, she recognized that District one seemingly was a normal town. Her gaze swept through the surrounding environment, trying to suck in every special feature. Skyscrapers, which sparkled due to the sun, rose from the ground all around her. Wow, someone exerted oneself, she thought full of sarcasm, while walking on and shaking her head in disbelief. People were walking on the streets as if nothing had happened. As if the rage virus had been a bad nightmare and they had just waked up. But it was not like that. Unfortunately it had not been bad nightmare. That's it. That's the life after the virus, she thought and stopped, not knowing what she was supposed to do. Could she fit District one? The only hint that not everything was normal was the armed soldiers on the streets and on the roofs Raquelle caught sight of. Out of curiosity she scanned the area to spot the soldier she had met in the lab. A ridiculous try since she barely remembered his appearance. Sighing, she walked on as she heard snippets of a conversation. \"Are you aware of how irresponsible your behavior was? Leaving the security zone? What did you think would happen?\" Her glance slid to a small group. An older man who told two kids in front of him off. One of the kids was a quiet beautiful teenage girl with heavily waved blond hair and the other was a boy about ten or eleven year old with blond hair. Their sights were directed at the sidewalk and Raquelle immediately understood who the kids were. \"I guess, I have to thank you both\", she addressed them while walking toward the group. All three of them glanced to her in confusion. Just the girl seemed to recognize her finally. \"You probably saved my life\", Raquelle went on smiling and hoped that she could somehow calm the man down. As she said the kids probably saved her life, so she could at least save them from house arrest. \"You should feel proud of such kids. Not everyone can be a hero\", she continued to speak to the man, totally aware that she is exaggerating, \"they're really brave, but leaving the security zone again would be stupid. Right?\" At first, both of the children were perplexed, probably because her sudden appearance, but still they nodded in agreement. \"So, thanks for...uhm…that. By the way my name is Raquelle Guevara, but you can call me Ray if you want to\", she introduced herself with a warm smile. \"Tammy Harris. And that's my brother Andy\", the sweet girl introduced herself and her younger brother while she returned Raquelle's smile. \"Pleased to meet you Tammy. And you have to be the father of the two brave runaways\", she guessed turning to the man again. \"Yes, Donald Harris\", he briefly introduced himself, slightly overstrained with her sudden appearance. Good, then he will forget to penalize the kids, Raquelle thought content. \"I have to go. I'll be happy if I run into you again\", she took leave of them, winking at Tammy who glanced at her with a huge grin, before Raquelle turned away. She should rather go back. Scarlet would be worried and there were too much soldiers after her fancy. One last time she intuitively searched the area for the soldier at the lab again, but she could not catch sight of him. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own 28 Weeks later Hi everybody. This is my first story. First of all, I have "},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"28 Weeks Later: EMPIRE","Author":"THlSisSNAKE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6015276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He looked out the window, the boy in the red hooded sweatshirt, below him the ocean crashed against the rocks of the english shoreline. The smell of helicopter gasoline and dried blood filled his nostrils. His sister sat just behind him, stroking the back of his head with her fingertips. But he was lost, lost in the thoughts of things that he would never see again. His Mother, his father, his friends, his home, his school, all the things that he used to take forgranted. Before the events of the passed year, Andy Harris was a normal kid, probably not too much like you or me. But now here he was, one of the last remaining survivors of something that humanity came to know and understand as \"The Rage Virus\". He looked on as the coastline slowly dissapeared into the horizon, he thought of all the times he had shared with everyone he once knew, all the smiles, the laughs, all the things that he never thought he would miss. It was a terrible feeling, for a 12 year old boy to have to feel. But nothing was as terrible as the thought that his parents were gone, and his sister was the only thing he really had left. He didn't fully understand yet, his condition, but the bite mark on the side of his shoulder was throbbing. He looked up at his sister, her hair slowly blowing in the small bit of air that was maing it into the cockpit. She smiled at him, softly nodding her head. He laid his head down into her lap, and slowly, drifted off to sleep. 28 Weeks Later: EMPIRE Escailes: Outskirts - 7:17 am Escailes is a small town just on the outer edge of the European Border, where the French Coastline meets the English Channel. For years the town has gotten by with the beach front as one of their main tourist attractions. Although so small, over the years the town has done fairly decent with the summer travellers coming through on vacation. The outter areas of the town were much like the rest of the country side, endless feilds. The passed six months had taken a toll on the town, with the outbreak of the Rage Virus in The United Kingdom, the french government did just the same thing that they always did when in trouble, called in the United States Military. Since then the town had been evacuated as one of the only towns on the coast that would house the soldiers being sent in to keep the countryside free of infection. The military presense in the town was now growing dramatically, looking more like a full blown military installation than the town that some people might have remembered. There were only a few other towns that had been evacuated due to the threat of infection. Wissant, Sangatte and Calais were in the highest threat area, given that the UK border was visible just across the channel. Since the destruction of The Green Zone, the United States Military had been on a massive evac of their command personel that had been stationed in London. The first reports that came in said that the Army had suffered massive casualties, and the survivors were in some sort of mortal danger as the risk of infect grew and grew as the number of infected sky rocketted. Most of the data that had been collected was lost in the firebombing, and the general population of The Green Zone had been wiped out by the Virus. The Base a Calais had been mobilized to handle the evacuation,leaving Escailes and Sangatte the only two remaining bases that were manned and ready. The two bases had been taking in new soldiers weekly, sending men back to the rear for R/R. The rotation was off now though, with the destruction of District 1, came a whole new list of things that had to be dealt with. But as it did before, the military was ready to just let the infected die out, with no way to get out of the United Kingdom the infected were doomed to roam an abandoned wasteland. In a few months, they would try again, even though most of the countries inhabitants were either dead, or otherwise. Jason Price was a greenhorn, having only graduated from Basic a few days before, was finding his way across the central courtyard that had been come to be called \"The Lions Den\". His story was much like alot of america's youth, he had graduated from high school with a lower grade point average than his parents would have liked. Giving him very little option as far as more schooling went, he joined the military thinking that it would give him an easy ride, and although basic had been hell for him, the thought of being stationed in such a peaceful environment was better than he had thought. He was 18 years old, had been a bit of a hellian when he was growing up, but his short time in the military had already changed him more than he could even understand yet. He was one of the smaller soldiers on the base, and all through basic he had gotten hell for it, but He figured they would have sent him into Iraq, Afghanistan, but since the innitial outbreak, most of the militaries central concerns had changed. The courtyard was bussling with activity, basketball, some card games here and there, a heavy burst of laughter from the group of men standing around the television. \"Celebrate\" by Rare Earth played over a loudspeaker in the background. The commanders center was on the north side of the base, made inside of the old Hotel I' Escale. The outside of the building had been left to grow over with whatever vegitation. As he walked up to the building he shook his head, having pictured the command center being some sort of gigantic building, filled with computers and touch screens. But this was good enough, small time, meant small conflict. As he stepped into the building he set his ruck sack down on the floor next to a small wooden bench and headed for the Leutenant standing in front of the counter. The Luetenant was looking through a list of new soldiers, newbies came on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, which is why he was a little peeved as Jason stepped up to him, it was Monday and it looked like the Luetenant had other things he could have been doing. Lt. Daniel Forrest had joined the military fresh out of college, gone through basic and then to OTS. He had been here almost four months now, and had yet to see any real action. He Thought he could have been doing the world a little better, he was the type that would have been right there fighting in Falluja if he was only born a couple of years earlier. He looked down at the kid now standing at attention in front of him, he shook his head and put the cigarette he had been smoking out against the shiny wooden countertop. \"Private Jason Price reporting Sir!\" he put his hand against his forehead in a salute as the Leutenant scoffed and shook his head. \"Put your hand down man, we're not that formal around here, lemme see your shit.\" Jason pulled his deployment papers out of his pocket and handed them to Forrest, Daniel looked them over for a moment, rolling his eyes a couple times before signing the sheet at the bottom of the page. He then went to his file he had been holding and marked another mark on the side of it. \"Private, did they explain to you what it is that we do out here?\" he asked. \"Sir they said it was for re-patriation sir!\" Daniel laughed at Price's responce. \"Nah, we tried that, failed, all of our Command personel are on their way back across the channel now, I guess they caught hell over there.\" the leutenant had a small bit of regret in his voice, having wished that he could have taken part in the U.K. Campaign. He shook off the feeling and turned to the Private now waiting for his orders. \"Your assigned to Delta, you report to Seargent Davis.\" \"Sir Thank You Sir\" Price yelled before quickly grabbing his things up off the ground and headed for the door. \"And Kid...\" Daniel spoke at the last moment. \"Don't get excited, welcome to the Big Lazy.\" The kid smirked, the meaning behind the Big Lazy was simple, they had been here for the last four months and not seen anything, other than a few refugees, but no real action other than that. Protocol for dealing with Refugees was simple, stamp them, mark them and send them into Paris. For the passed four months this is all the United States Military did in France. The Big Lazy, came from this fact. Sgt. Bryan Davis was a veteran, having been through Somalia and the innitial Invasion of Iraq, he was one of the more hardenned men on the base, they had sent so many kids out into France and so few seasoned soldiers. His group of men were standing ready now, the patrol they were to go on was to survey the areas from the coastline back to the town, just as a routine patrol for Refugees and other survivors. As Jason stepped up to Delta tent the Davis spotted him immediately, calling attention to him as he set his stuff down on the ground. \"Well Well Well, look what they sent us, more Bomb-bait, whats your name son?\" the others didn't break formation, Sgt. Davis was a hard-ass, I guess he thought he had to be that way. It was crazy how the contrast between Forrest and Davis was so drastic. Jason straightened up, throwing his hand into a salute once again. \"Private Jason Price Sir!\" the Sgt, smiled, nodding his head. \"Your just in time, we're about to take ourselves a leasurely walk to the beach, you wanna go to the beach Private!\" the question was rhetorical, but you have to answer anyways. \"Sir Yes Sir!\" \"Well good, gear up and meet us at RDLM in five, the rest of you, lets move!\" The troop was made up of a group of seven men. Delta was one of the smaller groups in this division, the reason for this wasn't really clear, but never the less it left the Sergeant a little short handed when it came to certain things. When he had seen Action, Davis was used to going into battle with groups ranging from 50-200, entire companies. Which is why when they assigned him to delta squad he was a little more than irked by it. Jason scrambled to get his weapon out of the bag that it was still inside of, yanking it out and loading a clip in, pushing the safety into the \"Safe\" position. Throwing his bag back into the corner of the room he ran out the door and down the street after the rest of his squad. They were taking a quite leasurely pace, almost strolling through the base. As Jason caught up with his squad one of the men turned around, he was a medium sized guy, sporting a tiny tuft of hair under his chin and thick glasses. PFC. Peyton. \"Hurry Up Rook!\" he shouted. \"Sorry sir.\" Price responded as he stepped up to the group. \"Where'd they get you from kid?\" Peyton asked, letting the kid catch his breath. \"The box labelled, Confused, Young and Reckless.\" cynical humor, always a good icebreaker. Peyton lets out a chuckle as he taps the shoulder of the man walking just in front of him. A Taller dark skinned man with a hard New York Accent. \"Hey Bronze, we got Dane Cooke back here.\" Peyton said with a laugh. \"Haha Really, new guys always got jokes man, except you though.\" Bronze replied with a wink in Price's direction. \"Hey Mother Fucker, I said the next time you do that in front of a new guy Imma shoot you.\" The three laughed. \"Hey Tighten up back there!\" The Sgt. Shouted from the front of the group. Peyton rolled his eyes and turned to the rookie. \"Don't mind him man, he's had one too many Latte's this morning, fucking Frenchland...\" \"So, you guys have any idea what happened across the channel?\" Price asked, obviously a sort of touchey subject, the two in front of him looked at each other momentarily before Bronze turned back to Price. \"The last report said complete failure, they had to bomb london, I heard someone say there was nothing left over there but ashes, its crazy, my buddy Nash got sent over...its too bad.\" He said morosely. \"So what does that mean?\" the rookie asked after a few moments. \"It means that whatever went on over there doesn't matter anymore, the incident is mostly contained, and if it isn't, I've got a cure for the Rage Virus right here.\" He tapped the side of his M249. As they got out of town Jason looked out, the flat countryside reminded him of him, Ohio was where he was from, and where he spend his years growing up. The countryside was the best part of the world he thought, having grown up in a small country town just like Escailes. He breathed in the smell of the early-morning air as the scent of wheat and grass filled his nose. Everything was so quiet since the area had been evacuated, cars abandoned in the road, tractors still sat in center feild, where the farmers had left them sitting where they did the most good. The mood was still, as a cool breeze from the ocean swept across the feilds, sending them into a waving dance as the wind took them. The sounds of footsteps and the soft whistling of the wind was all Jason could hear. The rest of the group was mostly quiet, thats the way they kept it most of the time. Minus a few moments of chit chat here and there, mostly due to the Sgt. He was really big on protocol and discipline, either way, Jason didn't mind. He was thousands of miles away from anyone he knew, and the guys he had gone through basic with had all been sent somewhere else. The mostly trains in groups, but when your the odd man out, you get the shaft, and this is where Jason found himself. Walking through a feild, already starting to feel the on-coming boredom setting in. But he was from a small town either way, so the quiet life really didn't bother him much. Peyton and Bronze on the other hand were from the City, and were the first two that really felt the small town life style get repetative. \"So Where You From Rookie?\" Bronze asked, not breaking his watch ahead of him \"I'm from Finley, Ohio.\" Price replied, watching the abandoned Tractor to the left, a small peice of clothe blowing in the wind to its side. \"So you feel right at home huh.\" Peyton spoke up. \"Out here in the boondocks.\" \"I guess man...\" Price replied as Peyton turned to him. \"I keep saying they send too many of you kids out here, what made you wanna join up?\" He asked. \"My parents mostly, they said that I needed to find something to do with my life, see, the way my dad always saw it, he went to college, so he thought it real important that I go. But when I got out of high school no one would give me shit, and I had no fucking money ya know? I join up, they give me a free ride, so here I am.\" The two looked at him, rolling their eyes and shaking their heads as they turned back to the front of the group. \"Too many of you kids are here for that reason, your lucky that your here, if they would have sent you over to the oil feilds you would be screaming for that plane back to the states, here its like a big vacation, been here four months haven't shot one person.\" Peyton explained. \"Yeah, its like the cold war again, but instead of Nukes we got this...Rage Virus...\" Added Bronze. \"You guys brought in many survivors, their must have been some?\" Price asked. \"In the passed few months there have been a few hundred of them, just that we've picked up on these patrols, everytime we find them their always the same way, pretty confused and a little out of their minds, I guess it comes with the territory when your country hits the shitter. But we usually just round them up, stamp em and pack em, send em back to the refugee camps in Paris. And those are even pretty luxurious, you see any of Paris on your way through rook?\" Price shook his head in Peyton's direction. \"Well you missed out, alotta fine girls out there, all wanting something to do with a man in uniform, its been that way since like what, World War two?\" The two laughed as Price shook his head, finding a little humor in it. \"The fact of the matter is that there isn't that much to do out here anymore, in the last month we've done nothing but walk up and down the beaches, looking at fish and keeping some of the locals in line. Since we moved them all out they've been coming back on a pretty regular basis, maybe they just dont get the fact that we're on red alert status.\" Price raised his eyebrow. \"What you mean, Red Alert Status?\" \"He means that since the fall of London the united states military has been on high alert, but if the last couple months have been any indication, we wont be seeing too much more action, more than likely this will just clean itself up. Maybe this time we'll get our chance at going in there, I wanna see that wreckage, must be a sight.\" Bronze pondered the site of Destroyed London a couple hundred miles north. Its burnt buildings painting the morning sky a shade of grey, the smoke from the burning buildings casting shadows down onto the rest of the city. Quite the veiw indeed. \"Yeah, really must be something...\" Price couldn't even imagine what it must have been like for all those people, and only now it started to hit him, the reality of the entire situation. All those families, men, women, children, and entire population of people wiped out by a single virus. He found himself reminiscing about the dark ages, about how humanity had handled the plague back then. There was nothing we could do then, and even now, there is very little humanity can do in the face of something so devastating. The thoughts poured into his head like a waterfall, and as he looked around at the baron emptiness of the area, he shook his head. But it was contained, with the Channel between the mainland and the English Border, the complete shut down of air travel. And the Navy watching the channel for boats and small rafts, there wasn't a way for the virus to jump from England to the mainland. Since the small outbreaks in New York and Paris, the United States had learned what had to be done, there was no cure, and for the infected there was only one ultimate end...as sad as it was. Jason shook his head at the thought of heartlessly killing men and women, and maybe children. But all that was over now, now the only project was how rebuild again, but that was a thought that didn't even seem possible now, not after the firebombing, after the second outbreak. The Rage virus was winning... \"What you guys think about all of it?\" He asked. \"Its all bullshit man, just like anything is, we're just here to do a job, the way I see it I'm only here until the world finds a new shitstorm to put us in the middle of.\" Peyton was the pessimistic one. Bronze on the other hand... \"Just here to make some money, I could be getting shot at right now, or blown up by a fucking IED, Im telling you man, those Al Queda bastards are crazy, so Im glad that I'm walking through a feild, instead of a desert.\" \"What if it did get here? Infection that is...\" There was a pause as the three looked back and forth at each other. \"What do you know about Infection Kid?\" Bronze asked, resetting his gun from one arm to the other. \"I know it makes you crazy, I know its high contagious...\" He paused, thinking of the vague description that they had given him in his briefing. \"Thats all anyone knows, infection takes between ten and twenty seconds, then you've got yourself a nice little fight on your hands, so if it ever did happen...goddamn.\" He didnt even want to think about it, imagining it was just too much for him. \"But don't worry man, its good, lets just concentrate on getting back to town, we've got a squad game of ball with Bravo, hopefully this time it goes better.\" Peyton said, looking to Bronze with an evil eye. \"Hey man, you can't pass a ball, thats it.\" Bronze replied. \"Man shut the fuck up, you just don't got the hands!\" teased Peyton. They were seemed like pretty good friends, and cool people to be around, Price smirked to himself as they walked on. If he had to spend the next couple months in France, at least he had good company. He could have been stuck with some rednecks, or some of those Flashy City boys, driving their Mustang GT's and BMW's. Bronze and Peyton were the closest thing to a normal person that Jason had met in the last few months he had been in training. The rest of the guys he had known had been a little bit too into the Army, they should have been marines but they just couldn't cut it. Jason was comfortable where he was, and even though he hadn't even been there a few hours yet, he already felt like this was going to be alright. The road led them into a huge parking lot, the main tourist spot of the area, where most of the surfers and swimmers of the community would come to catch some waves. Or maybe for some late-night smash and grab. The rolling feilds met the beach so calmly, the tall grass seemlessly melding into the sand of the beach. The wind coming off the channel was cool, and refreshing to Jason's face as the sweat from the walk had just started to form on his brow. He breathed in the smell of the ocean air, a smell that he hadn't had too many chances to experience, it smelled different, like salt, but somehow clear, soothing. The Sgt. Pointed the first four men in the group to walk down the beach to the west, while he waved for Peyton, Bronze and Price to catch up and move with him to the east. \"Reminds me of a vacation I took one time boss.\" Peyton said looking out at the ocean. \"Yeah right, form up, lets get this shit done.\" Davis was no joke, dead serious all the way around. The patrol went pretty well, the small group of soldiers walked up and down the beach. Jason looked out as the waved crashed into the sand, his footsteps marked in the sand behind him. The four men walked on, the patrol area was a five miles stretch of beach in either direction, it was all the patrolling they could do with such a small group. Alpha and Zulu company did the better part of the patrols, Delta could only do so much on foot. As they walked small conversations picked up, about their home lives, girls back home, shopping malls, music, movies. The Seargent let it go on, he knew how crucial it was for a soldier to get to know the men that he was fighting alongside of. And a little bit of conversation never hurt anything on these long walks. Even Davis wasn't immune to the boredom that set in out here. He was used to fighting terrorists, Insurgents and suicide bombers, and if he had his way he would be doing it right now. In the course of the walk, Price learned somethings about Peyton and Bronze, both from New York, joined up at the same time and gone to the same basic training facility. They had known each other through High School and the only reason they were here was because the United States Army had deemed the two as trouble-makers, because of some things they may or may not have done in basic, this was pretty much like a punishment. The two had been a little forward, and somehow found a way to set up every smoke grenade in the training facility in one place, the barracks. When it happened they thought it was funny, but the repercussions were still wearing on them, but they were making the best of it. But Davis was still a mystery, having not said more than a few words within the entire course of the conversation. \"So what about you sir?\" Price asked Timidly. \"What about me?\" He replied. \"What landed you here, I'm too fresh, and these guys are apparently fucks ups..\" pause for laughter. \"So whats your Story?\" There was a long pause, as the three walked down the beach. The others knew the story, they had read the report. Sgt. Davis had been in charge of a squad in Iraq, having been one of the first men to invade Baghdad when it was taken by the United States Military. The report said that he dropped the ball, sent men into a building that had been scheduled to be bombed with multiple others. But the way he told it, he didn't get the message until it was too late. They had sent in one bombardment, that first night, but when the troops had gone in, they had sent in fire support from the east, but there were too many squads on the ground. Fire fights broke out and alot of things got messed up, when the bombs started dropping again Davis and his team were right in the middle. The report said he lost 34 men that day, but saved another 16. For the military, that was too big of a loss for anyone to have had on their hands, in turn for the last few years he had been given the short end of the stick. Been shafted with alot of duties that he would have had some of the lower ranking men in his squad do, cleaning toilets, burning feces, the bullshit that the military seems to leave out of their pamphlets and television commercials. Either way, this was the last thing he had on his shit list, so the only reason he was here really, was to finally put all of that behind him. He had already gone through enough, most of the men he lost that day were his friends, people that he had known since the day he joined up, which was probably the subliminal reason that he was so angry all the time, not angry with the men, angry with himself. He tried to keep them together, but still keep them working towards something. The sun was getting into the sky now, just beginning to beat down on their heads, but the cool ocean breeze made it all tolerable. The patrol had been going on for a little while now, and from where Price stood it was a nice little warm up to whatever he was going to have to be doing for the next couple of years. He figured that as long as he was here, he had no reason to say anything at all, most people who joined up found themselves in a fox hole for weeks on end, eating MRE's. But here he was, where the troops stayed in houses, ate good food, and basically just cooled their heels until the entire situation just blew over. It was just a big waiting game, at least from where he stood thats all it was. He had no idea what it was like for all those men and women who lived in Britain, all those families that had been destroyed by the virus, and for the men of the United States military that tried to rebuild the fallen civilization. He was glad that he didn't have to see it first hand, see the faces, know that there was nothing he could do to help. They got to the end of their run, Price looked down at the ground and he could see the footsteps from the patrol that had come before, having stopped and turned around in the same spot that they were right then. \"Ohhh man, its gonna be good to get back.\" Peyton muttered as Davis handed him a wrap sheet, Peyton started jotting down observations from where they were standing, the ocean, the horizon, the abandoned vehicles in the parking lot in the distance. The feeling of udder loneliness was apparent, and as the silence crept on it became more and more obvious. \"Situation Normal, lets head back.\" Davis ordered over the radio. The two teams would head back for the base and rendezvous just outside of town. Davis waved his hand in the air and pointed across the field. Price took the last couple breathes of he sea air and looked to the horizon, the English seaboard on the horizon. He shook his head, thinking of the horrors that took place just across the way, so close he could have seen it all with his own eyes. Turning away from the sea he nodded to himself, feeling comfort in the fact that it was all over. There was no way it was coming back now, how could it? The four started to make their way across the feild, stepping through the grass that was now weist high, having not been cut or harvested in quite some time. It was like looking across a painting, tall tufts of grass separated one feild from the next, making it almost impossible to see the other team from here, even though the area was so flat. The waves coming in from the ocean had made it hard to hear anything for the last little while they had been walking. But as they got halfway across the field they started to hear something, something that didn't sound like waves anymore, it had a steady, almost heavy sound. Like an airplane, or something else. Peyton was the first to turn around, looking around for anything that could have been making that noise. Price next, then Bronze. Davis knew about the mass evac, so it wouldn't have been too surprising to see a couple of airplanes making their way back to Paris for debriefing. But instead they saw nothing, all of them looked around as the noise seemed to get louder and louder. They look to each other in confusion, raising their arms in the air not able to see anything up or down. Then Price sees it, a small dot in the sky on the horizon. \"Yo its a chopper\" He says pointing it out for the others to see. As Davis moves up to his right he pulls out his binoculars, the evac choppers were Blackhawks, Iroqouis choppers. And a couple of airplanes, but what he saw was neither, a single engine chopper, coming in what looked like a pretty reckless manner. As the chopper got closer it veered off to the east, the four men looked on in pure confusion. Davis on the other hand shook his head and pulled his radio off his shoulder. \"Roost this is Eagle Four Two.\" he said. \"Go Eagle Four Two.\" The voice on the other end responded. \"Yeah, we got an unidentified helicopter setting down in a feild west of my position, we expecting any visitors over?\" \"Eagle Four two thats a negative Advise you Move to intercept over.\" \"Roger that, we're gonna check it out, Eagle Four Two out.\" he clicks the mic off and waves his hand for the guys to come into a circle as the helicopter is setting down about a thousand yards off. \"What you thinkin' boss?\" Peyton asks, keeping his eye on the chopper as it disappears behind some tall bushes. \"We should check it out, looks like their lost, or out of fuel or something, safety's off though.\" He says, clicking his safety to the \"Fire\" position. This is the first time Price has thought about using his gun since basic training, and he was nervous. His hand shakes as he pushes the safety off, he keeps his finger off the trigger, even he knows that hes getting shakey. The four men begin their run across the feilds, jumping fences and mowing through the tall grass. The chopper had dropped out of sight for about a minute and a half as they ran, and when it finally came back into view they could see its passengers. One of them was a soldier, he was waving his hands in the air trying to catch their attention, wearing a grey pilots uniform and holding an MP5 in his hand. Behind him stands a teenage girl, looking to be about 17-18 with dirty blonde hair. The third passenger was a young boy, his wavy hair blowing in the wind as he looked out at the soldiers now approaching quickly. As the team moved in they could see that the two civilians were covered in blood, some of it even running fresh down the side of the small boys head. It was at that moment Davis dropped to one knee, holding up a fist telling the rest of them to stop, in a second, all of the guns were aimed. Price didn't understand, Davis aimed his gun steadily at the three standing near the chopper. \"Boss what we doing?\" Peyton whispered. \"Identify!\" Davis yelled to the pilot. \"Sgt. Flynn, transporting Survivors from District 1!\" The pilot yelled back. \"Oh well thats good yeah?\" Bronze said questioningly. \"There were no Survivors...\" Davis said standing up and moving forward, having not lowered his gun yet. The four moved up on the three standing near the chopper, Flynn kept his hands up, nodding his head to the two kids standing at his side to do the same. As the troop got to them Davis kicked the back of Flynn's knees and brought him to a kneel, taking the MP5 from his hand. He checked him over while the others stood guard over the other two. \"I'm not injured, but the boy needs attention.\" Flynn said, not making eye contact with any of them. \"Yeah I bet he does...\" Davis replied. \"I'm fine...\" The boy spoke. \"Don't talk kid.\" Price said. The boy nodded his head, the girl shaking her head at him. \"Where you guys headed?\" Davis asked Flynn, standing him back up. \"Out of England man, shit got crazy over there.\" Flynn replied. \"Yeah we heard, I guess ya'll had a serious fight on your hands.\" Peyton said, in kind of an upbeat manor. \"Alotta good men died...can't say I share your enthusiasm.\" Flynn shook his head. \"Whos the cargo?\" Davis asked. \"Andy..\" The boy said. \"Andy Harris.\" \"Hey, I said don't talk.\" Price snapped. The boy looked at him now, through the strands of hair that had fallen over his face, his eyes locking with Price's. Price nodded his head, and lowered his gun, stepping towards the boy. \"You want something man?\" He said in sort of an intimidating stance. \"No, he doesn't.\" The girl spoke up. \"And I'm Tammy Harris.\" She said turning to Sgt. Davis. \"Well Tammy, Andy, welcome to France...\" Davis said handing the MP5 Back to Flynn.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Heterochromia \"Coreman! check on the boy and lets get them back to roost!\" Davis called back as Peyton moved up, the medical kid strapped firmly on his back. \"Lemme get a look at you little man.\" He said, but as soon as he got within an arm's length Andy took a couple steps backwards, timidly holding his shoulder. Peyton spoke in a comforting tone. \"Come on man, just lemme see it, I'm a doctor.\" Andy nervously pulled his jacket back, and moved his shirt to the side, reveiling the huge mark on his shoulder. \"Whoa, what the fuck did you do to yourself kid?\" Peyton asked searching through his pack for some gauze and some anti-bacterial. \"The soldiers mistook us for Infected...shot him.\" Tammy snapped. \"United States soldiers did this? This doesn't look like a bullet wound.\" Peyton said looking up at the Seargent. \"Why would We shoot civilians?\" \"The Command Personell had no choice, the fact remains that the virus is one of the most unpredictable virus' we've ever encountered, maybe they wanted to take no chances.\" Davis replied, Andy nervously nodded his head as Peyton started taping up his shoulder, looping the gauze under his arm. \"Ouch!\" He said as Peyton applied some pressure to the wound. \"Haha, sorry kid, your gonna be fine though.\" It was at this moment that Peyton's eyes met Andy's, it was pretty obvious as the blood from the center of his eye had started to run into the white. \"Whoa, heterochromia.\" Peyton said, standing back up. \"What?\" Price said stepping forward for a better look, but Andy turned his head, letting his hair fall in front of his eyes. \"Heterochromia, its probably a one in a million shot, my uncle had it, and my little cousin does too, it runs in the family.\" Peyton explained as Tammy and Andy sat down on the side of the chopper cock pit. \"Damn look at that, I've never seen Blood Vessels look like that, you been cuttin' it close kid?\" Price chuckled under his beathe as the kid shook his head, sure there had been some close calls, but he wasn't going to let on that he had even been around the infected, regardless of the blood that now covered his clothes. Davis looked over the two teenagers sitting on the chopper, then turned to Flynn. \"Whats the situation with these two?\" He asked as Flynn adjusted the ammunition in his gun. \"My Friend said that there was something special about them, he never got the chance to tell me what, said that I needed to bring them here, so here I am.\" Flynn, thinking of the last time he saw his friend Doyle, he thought that maybe if he had just picked them up when he had the chance, Doyle might still be alive. Regrets... \"Well either way, we gotta get them cleaned up, any idea how much of this blood is infected?\" Davis walked towards the two, the kids looked up at him as he rubbed the blood on the sides of Andy's jacket. \"hey!\" Andy said, pulling away. Then with much regret in his voice \"...This blood came from one of them.\" \"Alright guys, lets get these three to the base and get em cleaned up, use maximum caution.\" Davis ordered, the guys geared up as Price waved his hand in the air for the three to follow them. The three standing near the chopper had come a long ways, unbeknownst to the soldiers now escorting them towards the base. Flynn was walking just behind the group, looking back at the chopper, realizing that he has left his picture just above the pilots seat. A picture that has kept him a little more than sane for the last couple of months, his family back home, smiling in one of his better memories. He could really use it right now, but he knows that the soldiers probably wouldn't let him go back now. The feilds were a welcome site for the kids walking between the soldiers patrol, Tammy looked out across them, her eyes lost in a deep stare, probably picturing those times in Italy, the last trip they took with their parents before they were shipped off. For Andy there was something different though, and although his face was steady, there was a million thoughts slamming their way through his head. He looked up at his sister, holding his hand, yet seemingly a thousand miles away. The blood on his face had dried, and there was a sticky feeling in between his fingers. The throbbing in his shoulder had gone down a little since Peyton had worked on it. \"What you Thinking Man?\" Price whispered to Peyton as they worked their way across the feild. \"I Don't know, that was definately not a gunshot wound though.\" He said shaking his head. \"Well then why dont you fucking say something?\" Peyton put his finger in front of his mouth, Price didn't need to talk so loud. Ahead of them, Tammy had heard that last part of the conversation, she turned to the two, letting them know she heard them. \"Chill out Rook, we handle refugees all the time.\" Bronze muttered. It was obvious to Tammy that Peyton had noticed something, the obviousness of the bite-mark on the side of Andy's shoulder was striking. Why Peyton hadn't said anything was still in question however, why hadn't he said anything? He noticed the blood in his eye, so what was stopping him from asking the obvious question? So little was known about the virus as a whole to really speculate on anything from the outside. Peyton didn't have any idea what to expect, he had never experienced the virus for himself. Tammy knew though, she knew what was wrong with her brother. \"Eagle Four Two, Roost requests a Sit-Rep Over.\" the voice on the radio was that of the Leutenant, they had been out for a while, and hadn't checked back with them since earlier. \"Eagle Four Two Situation Normal, we're coming back with two refugees and one of our pilots, yeah, it looks like they ran out of gas and had to ditch, we'll be back in twenty.\" Davis replied. \"Roger that, Roost out.\" The walk back to the base was a long and awkward one, the chit-chat from earlier had mostly calmed down now, letting the overly depressing state of boredom creep on. The kids looked around in all directions, taking in the area, the town on the edge of the seemingly endless feild. The clouds had begun to move in on the horizon and had just begun to cover the sun, casting an outline of them in the sky,as well as the ground at their feet. Price shook his head as he looked at the boy, covered in blood and walking with his head facing the ground. Tammy looked at him in the corner of her vision, she felt the tension building in Price's head. She could see it in his face. But there was so much more on her mind now than Price could ever have possibly begun to understand. She had been through killing her father, watching him die in the pool of blood, the only comforting thought was that he wasn't himself, and that monster that she shot down in the train station was not her father. Don Harris had died long before that moment. A tear had begun to well up in her eye, but she had to be strong, for Andy, for herself. She looked down at her clothes, her hands covered with an off brown dust. She felt it on her face, the dry feeling. In the back of her head she knew that all of this was far from over. Andy on the other hand was in a state of hopeless depression, he stared down at the ground as it passed just underneath his feet, and right then, he felt lower than all of it. Subconciously he knew that his sister had lied through her teeth to him back there. There was a cold feeling running through him now, like the tingle you get when you sleep on your shoulder for too long. He could feel it now, running through his entire body. He had felt it since he collapsed in the subway station. The feeling was too much for him all at once, it felt like he couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't even scream. All he knew was that he wasn't going to be responsible for his sisters death, and that was the last thing he remembered thinking before everything went black for those few seconds. Seeing her face, his Mother's, His Father's. He checked his pockets for the picture of his mother he had taken from his old house back in London, but was let down, it was nowhere to be found. He nodded his head, could anything go the way he wanted to? Flynn on the other hand was lost in his thoughts of Doyle, of all of them on the ground back in Regents Park. Looking up at the chopper as their only way out, and somehow he didn't want to listen. He remembers Doyle's face, the last look that he gave him was a look of resent, that look that told Flynn that he let Doyle down. There wasn't really anything good that could get pulled out of a situation like the one they had been through. So much destruction, he thought then of the site of the firebombs over London. Remember feeling like everything was lost, watched the destruction man could reap upon himself. All because of something that was cooked up in a lab somewhere. As Flynn looked into the clouds rolling up on the horizon he knew that there was a lot more than just a storm coming, he knew that the road that lied ahead of him was probably still filled with alot of trouble. He had done the unthinkable, flown survivors out of District 1, jumped over the channel. Broken the rules, he knew that no one was supposed to have survived District 1, so what was going to happen when the soldiers now walking with them found that out? He looked around at all of them, Price looked right back at him, nodding his head forward. \"Hey Pilot.\" Price muttered. \"Flynn.\" He replied with a snap. \"Whats your stick man?\" \"180th SOAR.\" \"So what was it like?\" Price began to step closer to Flynn who only shook his head at the question. \"To tell you the truth kid, I couldn't even speculate, I wasn't on the ground, but from what I saw, it must have been hell.\" Flynn looks at the two kids walking just behind him. Price looks back at them as well, Tammy giving him an evil eye. He shakes it off and looks back to Flynn. \"You think anybody else made it out?\" Davis cut price off. \"Private, stow it, lets just get these guys back to base.\" Jason shook his head, there was alot that he wanted to know about the entire situation. And the thoughts now jumping around in his head bothered him all the while they walked. The base was on alert now, the atmosphere had completely changed since the patrol had gone out for their patrol, whether or not it had anything to do with them wasn't clear, but as the better part of the town got into view Price could see alot of movement. Men in bio-chemical suits rushing towards them, followed closely by multiple squads of soldiers at either side. It was standard procedure, they had to be sterilyzed before they could be processed. Andy grabbed his sisters hand, who also was feeling a little uneasy as the group of heavily suited men ran towards them. In his chest Andy's heart was pounding a mile a minute, and his breath had started to pick up. He gripped Tammy's hand a little tighter as the men disarmed Flynn and put his arms behind his back, escorting him towards a tent that was just getting blown up in the center of town. The Bio-chemical suits made the men inside seem more like robots to the kids as they moved them the same as Flynn. As the three were being Escorted off towards the tent Leutenant Forrest was there to meet them, He pulled Davis and his team aside. \"You found em huh?\" He said over the sounds of the men now shouting in the background. \"Yeah, they came in from over the channel, dropped their chop three clicks to the north.\" Davis went over the situation. \"Well that chopper was reported MIA, they figured it had gone down, they said that the pilot couldn't be raised, I guess we'll find out what the problem was.\" Forrest said watching the three get taken into the tent. \"Sir, the kid is hurt pretty badly, and he might have some brain trauma, judging by the broken blood vessels in his eye.\" Peyton stepped up, having been the only one really able to assess Andy's condition at the time. \"Right we'll get medical to do a full exam, but if one of them were infected, we would know it.\" The luetenant was optimistic. Nodding his head as the inner part of the Tent had started to move as the shower hoses were turned on. As Price's head hit the upside of his cot for the first time since being here he stretched his arms out to the side. Peyton's rack was just across from his, the man found himself sitting up, rubbing a towel through the little bit of hair the army had left him with, trying to go over everything that he had just seen. He didn't know for sure, but there was a creeping throught in the back of his head that was just now starting to really eat at him. He didn't know if he could be straight with it though, the thought was just too unrealistic to seem right. He thought of all the things he had ever heard about the virus, the way it mutates and the way it communicates from person to person. As Price sat up on the bed Peyton nodded his head. \"Hey man, I think that kid had a bite mark on his arm.\" He said, his voice giving away a subtle uncertainty. Price raised his eyebrow. \"A Bite mark? Like what somebody just took a chunk out of his shoulder?\" Price said with a chuckle. \"No asshole, like one of those fucking things bit him.\" Peyton's tone became serious, more serious than he had been all day. Price didn't know the man that well, but it felt a little out of his charactor. Suddenly Price levelled with him. \"So what are you thinking? That he's one of them?\" Price was going over it in his head, there wasn't a way that he could be sure. \"I dont know, he definately not acting the part though, its like theres just something about him. You now I looked into that kids eyes and I really saw the blood vessels in his eye changing. As if the blood was free flowing.\" The picture in his head was a clear one, he saw fresh blood, it shook him, like the soft rumble that plays in the back of your head. \"Well I guess we'll find out in a couple of hours, they're gonna run tests and shit aren't they?\" Price wasn't too clear on what was supposed to happen when a survivor was found, especially survivors in such condition. The blood on the kids clothes was still wet, the blood from Andy's wound was still on Peyton's gloves. He could see the stain that it made on the finger tips as he took the gloves off and put them on the side of the bed. He took a drink of the water in his canteen and drew in a deep breath. \"What else do you think could have bitten him?\" Price jumped right to the obvious question. \"I dont know, but I think we need to be on our toes a little bit, goddamn rook, you picked a hell of a fucking day to show up.\" Peyton said running his hands over his face and falling back against the rack. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, trying to play over the next set of events in his head. He thought of all the stories he had heard from his friends who had seen what the virus had done first hand, during the first evacuation of the U.K. Peyton was in basic training, and alot of the guys he had done a tour with in Iraq had been there, he remembered the vivid descriptions of horror violence as if he had been there himself. He heard the stories so many times he might as well have been. And suddenly how much he really didn't understand came into perspective. Rubbing his eyes took the images out of his head. He came back into reality as Davis and Bronze stepped through the door. \"Hey guys, they just got done sterilyzing them, their gonna start running tests in a couple of minutes.\" Davis said stepping through the door with a tablet in his hand. \"I've gotta go get a statement from the pilot before we get in touch with his stick.\" \"So he ran?\" Price asked. \"I don't know, Forrest said that he was MIA, so unless the radio in that chopper is not working, he ran.\" Davis started heading for the door at the back of the tent. \"Look, I'll be back in about twenty so why dont you guys get your weapons ready, we're going to the range.\" He dissapeared behind the door, Bronze turned to the others and filled them in on what was going on. Apparently what was said was that there was an all points bulletin on the chopper they had just picked up. Something that Davis wasn't even being clear about, something that wasn't even presented to Leutenant Forrest clearly. They said that all survivors of District One were to be handled with extreme caution, but something about the way that everything was going down told Bronze that those kids and that pilot were not supposed to have gotten out of Englad. The reports were all wrong, the survival rate in London had dropped dramatically, and if there was anyone that could have gotten out of that place they were to be treated as prisoners. The way the military dealt with Prisoners was pretty rotten, Peyton and Bronze had both seen what they had done to POW's in Iraq and Afghanistan, but those were kids out there. Price stepped to the door of the tent and looked out into the town center, the kids were being led across the yard towards the medical facility, dressed in one piece gowns, wrist bands around their hands. \"What you think their gonna do to em?\" Price asked, watching as Andy's eyes met his from across the yard. He turned away, back towards Bronze and Peyton. \"I dont know, but whatever happens from here those kids have hell ahead of them.\" Peyton said looking out the door as Tammy and Andy dissapeared into the medical center. Price shook his head, this wasn't right, something about the entire situation stank like a cover, back home Price would have been the first one to call out the government on an obvious cover up. And something about this smelled like it, like there was alot that wasn't getting told to everyone. There was alot more about the kids in their custody than just a couple more survivors. Price shooks his head, and laid back down on the rack, closing his eyes. They had some training coming, but a little nap couldn't have hurt anything. Seargent Davis sat down at the interrogation table. Behind him a gigantic one way window was reflecting Flynn back his reflection. Flynn sat there timidly, his leg shaking as Davis flipped through the official report as written by Colonel Stone. The sweat on Flynn's brow was noticable as it ran from the top of his head down the side of his cheek. He was starting to feel the pressure, what he did was wrong, and he knew it, he had no call to take those kids out of London, but he had to honor his friends last wish. He thought that if he could at least do that, then maybe Doyle's death would be justified. Maybe it wouldn't have died for nothing, but the way it was looking, the way Davis was looking at him, this was turning out to be more trouble than he thought. \"So Flynn, this report says that you are MIA, off the grid.\" Davis said, tapping his fingers against the table. \"No sir, I'm transporting Survivors from England to the Mainland.\" He was trying to look as serious as possible, but Davis had interrogated hundreds of terrorists in his time in the military. And judging by Flynn's body language, he could tell that he was lying right to his face. \"Flynn, if you level with me this will be alot easier, your already looking at a court-marshal and your cooperation could only help your situation.\" Davis tried to explain to him that making this harder on him, would really only make it harder on himself. There was a long pause as the two looked at each other, as if Davis was waiting for Flynn to just drop the act and come clean, because he knew what the real deal was, it was right there in the report. And as scary as the thought was, as he read over the rest of the report the words just managed to push their way out of his mouth. \"It says here that they found someone, someone that was...immune...different...a carrier of the virus, a woman.\" Davis began as Flynn's breathing started to speed up. Davis could tell that what he was saying was hitting some sort of chord with Flynn. \"It said that it was reported to General Stone that the woman had two children, and now we assume that the two were killed in the fire-bombing, but look over here.\" Davis said pulling up the refugee reports, import/export for the six months. \"It says here that only two children were ever transported back into the country after the re-building process began.\" \"What you think your getting at?\" Flynn asked. \"Ohh man, come on, you think I'm stupid?\" Davis paused for an answer, but really didnt need one. \"Now those kids right there, the military thinks that they could be of some use if they have gotten through uninfected. But as it stands right now, if one of them is carrying that virus, we are ordered to eliminate the threat of infection to the mainland.\" Flynn stopped for a moment, looking off to the left of the man sitting in front of him. Thinking that maybe bringing them here was a mistake, he thought of both of their faces, he had only really known them for a short time, hadn't really even had a conversation with them. But through Doyle he knew that they were connected, and thinking that everything that he and Doyle had done might be put in jeopardy because of what was in that report was stupid. He shook his head as Davis smirked and chuckled seemingly in his face. \"Look Flynn, we've got over a couple thousand men on this base, how long do you think it would take a virus like that to wipe us all out?\" Davis said, pausing for Flynn to answer, but didnt let him. \"Your playing games with the wrong things, if it was up to me, I would put you away for a long time, your lucky the kids aren't infected, otherwise you would find yourself in the middle of a shitstorm.\" Davis said, packing up the file and standing up from the desk. \"Wait...\" Flynn spoke as Davis started heading for the door, he turned back and waiting for Flynn to get done thinking over whatever he was about to say. \"My friend Died so that those kids could live, And I'm sitting here trying to think up a reason why?\" Flynn looked up at Davis as if asking him the question directly. \"Why would he do that, unless there was a chance that one of those kids could stop it...all of it.\" The thought was something that Davis could relate to, the grand scheme of the United States Military in Europe was to stop the infection, and if one of these kids was the key, then they would stop at nothing to make sure that they found a way. \"I guess we'll find out wont we Flynn?\" Davis said charasmatically as he turned and headed out the door. There was a pause as the tension inside Flynn rose and rose, until finally he snapped, punching down hard on the metal table, letting the sound ring out loud inside the small room. In front of him there were no doubt at least a dozen officers taking notes of his condition, his reactions to questions and statements. They would raelly have something to write about now wouldn't they? He thought to himself as he sat back down in the chair after pacing back and forth for a moment or two. He knew what the military was prepared to do in the name of science, in the name of the good fight, he knew that they would destroy those kids, run them through so many tests and lock them away in a box for the next thirty years. As long as they could justify it with finding a cure for infection...as long as they could Justify it. Andy stepped through the halls of the Medical Center, set up out of an old diner, most of the stuff was still in its bags, having never been used for anything other than decoration for the last Four months that the Military had been there. There was a certain sense of rush, like everything had to happen as quickly as possible, the doctors and nurses rushed the two down the halls, almost pushing them as they went along. Andy and Tammy were holding hands, much like they had been for most of the time they had been here. But as they rounded the corner a few of the nurses scooped Andy off his feet. \"Andy!\" Tammy screamed as her hand slipped out of his. \"Tam!\" Andy's small scream was muffled as the nurses pulled him into a room on the left and slammed the door behind them. Andy could still hear Tammy screaming on the other side of the door, but as the footsteps got sparcer, her Screaming got lower and lower in his ears, they had taken her somewhere. But where? Before he could think of anything they sat him down on a gurney, pulling his arm to an upward facing position and feeling around for the vein in his elbow. Andy was scared, his body was shaking uncontrollably, his eyes danced around the room, frantically taking in the faces of the Nurses now crowding around him, ready for him to make some sort of drastic moves. But he was too frightened, he looked around at all of them, as if begging him with his eyes. And the needle peirced his skin his eyes met those of the Red haired Nurse standing in front of him. She looked at both of his eyes, Green and Brown, a bit of blood swimming through the green one. He took a deep breath as the blood squirted from his arm into the test tube. He knew it was time to find out if he was one of them or not, in the back of his mind he really didn't want to know. Because if he was, that mean Tammy would have lied to him, he closed his eyes and thought of his mother as the Nurses pushed him back against the gurney. He saw himself standing in a feild, the sun beating down on his face, it was warm, so real it was like he was really there. His mothers arms were outstretched, as if reaching for him, her face was warm, that smile that he remembered coming home to everyday. That smile that woke him up for school in the mornings, the smile that he loved, and missed so much, slowly he began stepping towards her, but much to his dismay as he gets within arms reach, her arms retreat, folding back behind her as her head fell backwards, she let out a scream as the white in her eyes quickly filled with a violent shade of red, suddenly his eyes cock open as wide as they can, and he screams. \"Nooooooooooo!\" The voice echoes throughout the room, as Andy sits up in the bed the four nurses standing around him force him back down. Everyone in the room begins yelling, Andy kicks his legs all around him, knocking over IV's and kicking over the table at the end of the gurney. As one of the nurses quickly tucks the blood sample into her pocket the others converge on Andy, grabbing his arms and throwing them down against the metal sides of the bed. The others hold his legs down as best they can. Andy fights as hard as his body will let him, but the sheer number of people holding him down at just too much, he lets out a cry. \"Tammy, Help Me!\" His voice is cracking, the horror of the situation is unbelievable, and it is now that Andy truly fears for his life. He fights for a few more seconds, as hard as he can, but the nurses hands are strong. They quickly strap Andy's arms, and then before he knows it his legs, they tighten the straps so that Andy cannot move. Frantically he pulls at the straps, screaming in fear as the nurses begin to step away. He looks around at them, mixed with emotions of fear and anger. As he turns, he feels a needle being pushed into his shoulder, he turns to look, the face of the nurse wearing the mask burns its way into his head as the lights go out. And in that second, Andy grabs the nurse... \"Tell Tammy I'm sorry.\" He whispered as the drugs take him under. The nurse looks at the boy as his eyes roll back into his head and close. She grabs his head and rests it back against the top of the gurney. The other nurses look at each other, all out of breathe after what has just happened. Andy's body is limp, almost lifeless other than his soft breathing. As his chest rises and falls the nurses begin to disperse. And as the door shuts behind them, underneath Andy's eye lids, his eyes begin to move.[Chapter 3] As Andy dissapears behind the door, the fear in Tammy's eyes grows outragious. She tries to dive towards the door but as she does she is grabbed by two of the doctors that have been escorting them through the hallways. A couple of the soldiers restrain her as well as she frantically tries to make it to her brother now behind the door. They push her down the hallway, all of them trying all at once to assure her that he brother is in no danger at all. But her sister senses kicked in, her duty to keep Andy safe. She thinks of what they had said to each other just that morning at the park. No matter what happens, they would stay together. And yet here she was, once again separated from him, with no way to know what was happening, the way they had ripped them both apart was shocking. And no matter how many people told her that everything was going to be fine, Tammy knew that nothing was going to be. The fact was sticking in her head like a railroad spike, and the blatent hostility was a tell-tale sign that more was going on here than just protocol and procedure. They push Tammy into a room alone, the windows in this room have been tinted a shallow yellow color, as if someone had been smoking in the room for years, a small bit of brown had begun to creep up from the bottom of the window. But for the most part the room was nice, it looked more like a overloaded storage room at this point than anything, IV's and bags lined the walls. As she walked through the room she observed mostly medical equipment, Needles, Defibrillators and surgery kits. The door had been shut and locked behind her, and as she pushed against the door it didn't even budge, as if someone had braced it with something from the other side. She put her head against the door, and vaguely could make out her brother, screaming her name. She let out a small cry as a tear ran down her face, biting her tounge she wanted so badly to help him. But there was nothing she could do here, she collapsed on the ground, softly whimpering to herself, holding herself as if wanting someone else to be there. In her head, she was screaming at the top of her lungs, lost in a sea of anger and helplessness. She had never felt like this in her life, what was happening to her, and her brother, had the horrors they suffered already not been enough? She rested herself against the door, still sobbing a little bit, but trying to pull herself together. She knew that if she lost it now, they would never get out of here, she had to keep it together, be strong and maybe she might be able to help him, she just had to bide her time. She took a couple of moments to composer herself, slowing her breathing back to a calm pace. She knew that she needed to get her brother out of here, the no doubt would find out that he was infected after they ran the first series of tests on him. But no sooner had she gotten the thought of saving her brother into perspective the door blew open again, there were two soldiers standing at the door, armed, and staring down at her sitting on the floor. They moved to the side and waved for her to follow them, making it clear that they would use force if needed. She nodded her head and walked in the space between them, they filed in behind her as she made her way down the hallway. They pointed to the right, the room looked like a bedroom, but instead of a big cozy bed she was met with the side of a stretcher, and one of the nurses holding a capsule for a blood sample. She pointed at the table and the soldiers pushed Tammy through the door. Tammy stumbled forward and sat down on the stretcher, holding out her arm so that the nurse could take the sample. As the nurse tied the rubber band around her upper arm Tammy looked at her. \"Wheres my brother, whats happening to Andy?\" She asked, but the nurse ignored her, going about her business taking her blood. \"I said, where is Andy?\" Tammy said again, the nurses eyes looked up at her for a moment, as if trying to not make eye contact with her, the nurse looks away again. Tammy shook her head and grabbed the Nurses hand, softly, calmly, the nurse finally makes eye contact with Tammy. \"Listen to me, I love my brother, just please tell me where he is?\" She pleaded with the nurse, the nurse shook her head a little, not able to look Tammy in the eyes. \"I Dont know Miss, please just wait here and everything will be fine.\" She assured her. But Tammy wasn't buying it, she had her Andy scream for her, and knew that it wouldn't have happened unless Andy was really scared. The fact that no one wanted to talk to her was frustrating, but looking at the two soldiers standing at the door with assault rifles, she knew that there was nothing she could do about anything that was happening. The nurse's vile was filled with Tammy's blood, she pulled the needle out and covered the wound with a peice of cotton. She passed the sample to one of the soldier who quickly handled it to one of the medical officers stepping through the hallway towards the lab. As the nurse stepped out of the room, one of the soldiers did as well, the other stayed behind, lighting a cigarette before shutting the door behind him, locking Tammy in the room. She moved to the window, from here she could see Delta's tent, Price standing in the doorway of it, looking over towards the medical center smoking a cigarette. No matter how much had tried, he just had found it hard to fall asleep given the events of the last couple of hours. A light sprinkle had started from the clouds overhead, and as Price blew the remaining smoke out of his lungs he looked up and down the medical center. Something was going on in there, something that was definately not normal. Tammy watched him from the window, swearing to make eye contact with him on at least several occassions, but somehow he just kept standing, as if unable to see her face in the window. Back in the feild Price had rubbed her the wrong way, and at first she didn't really like him. But now looking out that window, she could see that something was bothering him. There was really no way to be sure, but by the way he was looking up at the building, whatever was bothering him had something to down with her and Andy. But there was a difference between thinking something was wrong, and wanting to take a stand against it, Price was a soldier, and she knew that. She knew that most soldiers like that were all about their job, got a kick out of being a dick to everyone, soldiers were just trigger happy nut jobs, cranked up on Monster Energy drink and miltary paychecks. But Price was the rookie, maybe he hadn't turned into one of those people yet, and right now, she was willing to hold onto any little bit of hope she could find. She wished that Price would be that one, like Doyle, the one who could make a difference. But where had that gotten Doyle she thought, where has helping them landed anyone. Her Father, Doyle, Scarlett, and now maybe Flynn. Nothing good had come from helping us, she thought. So why should she have expected Price to have done anything other than get himself into trouble, or worse. Peyton and Bronze were fine-tuning their weapons for the training op that Davis was about to send them on. Peyton nodded his head, his want for information was really getting the better of him. He knew that he was probably overstepping his bounds, but there was just something about it all just didn't seem right to him. And now that he actually had a shot at exposing something, he wasn't going to let it go without the right kind of attention. Picking up his gun he headed for the door, but just as he was leaving out Peyton spoke up. \"Hey Rook, where you goin, Davis is gonna be back and if your not here he's gonna flip.\" he said, stopping Price as he stepped out the door. \"I'm going to canteen, try and cover, I'll be back before he comes though I swear.\" Price replied. Peyton nodded, knowing that there was something more about it. \"Alright, hurry up, we'll try and cover.\" Peyton said. With a nod Price was off, quickly making his way across the yard as the rain begin to come down harder and harder by the second. He sprinted the length of the yard and into the breezeway in front of the medical center. Since the arrival of the new \"Refugees\" Security had noticably gone up around the medical center, the guards had become armed and were looking a bit more serious than normal. Price didn't notice however, he stepped through the doors expecting to see some sort of movement. But to his suprise the hallways were empty, he could hear sounds and conversation coming from the different rooms throughout the building as he stepped down the hallways. A radio sitting on a desk in a room on the left caught his attention. Through the static of the transmission, he could make out only a few words. \"This...Gen...Stone...Escaped...Dis...One...Elimina...threat...\" It was like listening to a post-apocolyptic broadcast. He picked the radio up off the table and tucked it into his radio pouch on his shoulder. Moving down the hallways that were still eerily quiet. At the end of the hall the soldier stood guard, watching Price as he stepped towards him. Price took a few deep breathes before addressing the soldier. \"Hey man, where'd they take those two Refugees Delta just brought in?\" He asked, the soldier looked him up and down for a moment. \"They are items of high interest, where they are isn't your problem, move along.\" The soldier replied. Price nodded his head. Making his way down the hallway he couldn't help but notice the sheer amount of Military personel to the Medical Personel. Something was definately going on. He moved along the wall for a moment, moving to a door marked \"Oporational Intelligence.\" He knocked on the door a couple times, waiting a few moments to see if anyone would answer. After a couple moments of silence he pushed the door open, making his way into the room that was filled with filing cabinets and computers. The fax machine sat on the far corner of the room, and as Price started looking over some papers on a desk it started printing. His head snapped towards the source of the clicking sounds on the other side of the room. As he made his way across the room something caught his eye, a paper that had been left open on the desk right in front of the fax machine. It wouldn't have caught his eye if it wasn't for the gigantic red writing across the top of it. \"Eyes Only\" \"It has been confirmed, The 82nd Airborne Division's hold-out inside District 1 has failed, the virus outbreak has become uncontrollable, we are marked at 90% Casualties. A carrier for virus marked T-101 has left the quarentine zone and is now a direct threat to all facilities. If Brought into Contact with Subject take extreme caution in eliminating the target and alerting the correct authorities. Haz-Mat and CDC teams will be on location at all points around 12 pm. All squads under the command of the 82nd Airborne are order to full alert. Be prepared for full lock-down of borders on our order, we will send more intel on subjects when it becomes available.\" As he read it he was overcome with a sense of distaste. What was the military doing? What had it done over in England? Was the outbreak that uncontrollable? And if so what had they done to the population? All these questions now crashed into Price's head. He turned his attention now to the printed peice of paper that was now sitting in the fax tray. On the sheet of paper were two printed pictures of the two subjects that the military had marked as HVT's (High-Value Targets). The faces on the sheet were familiar to Price, because he had just seen them. The pictures taken by the military in District 1 for the Identification cards, one Andrew Harris, and one Tammy Harris. As Price lifted the paper up to his eyes the writing across the bottom of the paper was clear, more clear than anything had been all day. The orders were simple, yet terrifying to the young private. \"If Encountered Eliminate IMMEDIATELY, NO EXCEPTIONS!\" The words burned into his mind, and suddenly he pictured himself, killing that boy. The image of throwing the boy down and holding a gun to his head, the boy looking up at him with fear in his eyes, one green, one brown. Price knew that if it came to it, he wasn't going to be able to pull the trigger. Andy was innocent, Tammy was Innocent, what had they done to deserve to be killed in that way? Why would the United States Army give the go-ahead to kill innocent civilians? The fear, the fear of contamination. Jason didn't understand the destructive power that the virus held, he hadn't seen the fall of london, and hadn't been there for the original outbreak. He crumpled up the peice of paper and tucked it firmly into his pocket. He had to think, but he didn't really know about what. He knew that Andy and Tammy were refugees, turned fugitives. And as he stepped back out into the hallway his mind was going a mile a minute. What was he about to do? Senseless Murder was wrong no matter what the justification was. They had no idea if Andy or Tammy was Infected, and from what Price had heard about the virus, it was obvious to him that neither of them were. He shook his head as he made his way back through the medical center. What the hell was he about to do? He knew that he couldn't just say anything...just saying it wouldn't have been enough. He had to think up a plan. As he ran back across the yard the rain had begun to pour down pretty hard. He ducked into the tent and was met by Peyton and Bronze who were in full gear, ready to go. \"Where the hell you been at Rook?\" Peyton asked, a bit pissed. \"We've been activated!\" \"Activated?\" Price sounded surprised. \"Yeah, we're on alert, looks like we're about to see some action after all.\" Bronze said with a smile on his face, locking the clip into the bottom of his gun. \"Wait wait wait, what are we going to go do?\" Price asked, holding his hand against Peyton's chest. \"Rookie, we've got a confirmed carrier who jumped out of the Green Zone.\" Peyton explained. \"I know, guys wait.\" He whispered, taking the sheet of paper out of his pocket. \"Look at this.\" The two look over the sheet, reading the red print at the bottom and examining the faces printed across the paper. They looked at each other for a moment, then back at Price. \"So what, we got em?\" Peyton said, a small bit of confusion in his voice. \"Man their gonna kill those kids!\" Price said, snatching the paper back from Peyton. \"So, Price they might be infected!\" Bronze was down to earth about it, realistic. \"Man, from what i've heard about the virus...those kids aren't infected, they would be flesh eating monsters by now wouldn't they!\" Price said, raising his arms into the air. The two men looked at each other, the kid was right. All indications of infection were absent in both Andy and Tammy. Flynn, the pilot could give them the insight they needed, although the only way to get to Flynn was to go to the brigg and talk to him. \"What are you saying Price, they've got the wrong kids?\" Bronze asked. \"I dont know, what the hell went on over there? If these kids aren't infected they damn sure want them dead for a reason.\" Price looked back and forth at the two of them, but they didn't know. They hadn't seen it, hadn't heard the order. But everyone knew the protocol, Code Red. Everyone knew what it meant, and if the government had considered the hammer down protocol against London, than the outbreak must have been worse than they thought. \"What if we killed all those people?\" Price asked nervously, the thought made the two think, Peyton shooks his head. \"Nah man, we wouldn't do something like that, theres an evac happening right now.\" He said as Bronze stepped in. \"For Miltary Command Personel, the reports said nothing about Survivor extraction, or evacuation, which means that as far as the military is concerned, all those people that we sent over, are all dead.\" Bronze made it perfectly clear for all of them, and as the thoughts and facts sank into the heads of the other two soldiers it was all starting to become perfectly clear. \"I dont think they want those kids to talk, they are cooking up this bullshit story to make people think that they are a threat, they aren't infected guys and their going to kill them!\" Price said, making the call that someone higher in rank should have been making. \"Price your talking crazy man, even if its all a lie, theres nothing we can do!\" Peyton said. \"thats bullshit Peyton.\" Price replied. \"There is always something people can do.\" \"Not always, I dont have the points left to go fucking around like that, if your actually talking about what I Think you are, your talking about fucking up the rest of your life, I can't do it man, I just can't.\" Bronze said, sitting down on the bed, the taste of regret on his tounge. \"So what? We're just gonna stand by and let a couple of innocent kids die because the united states can't admit they screwed up?\" The anger in Price's voice was apparent. \"I Can't let that fucking happen guys.\" \"Price listen to yourself! What are you talking about!\" Peyton said, stepping into Price's face. \"I'm talking about why I joined up, if I knew I was going to be party to something like this I would have told them to take their 20 grand and shove it up their asses, this isn't me, and I won't let this happen.\" He said, picking his gun up from the dirt by his bed. \"What are you going to do?\" Peyton asked, stepping in front of Price. \"Whatever I have to man, I can't let this happen.\" The look on Price's face told Peyton everything he needed to know. Peyton shooks his head, stepping out of Price's way. Both Peyton and Bronze knew that what was going on was wrong, crazy even. But there was nothing they could do from where they stood, they were only Privates, and looking forward to a nice long stay in the military, they were thinking about their lives, about the effects that something like that could have on it. They would be court-marshalled, dishonorably discharged, something like that could make you look terrible down the road. But that was all out of the question for Price, he knew those kids weren't infected, just like Peyton and Bronze knew, but he was the only one of them stupid enough to really try and do something about it. With the pictures of the two suspects in Price's pocket, the rest of the base had no idea that they were holding the HVT's right inside the camp. As patrols started moving out into the country side the helicopters from the airbornes flight division took off into the air, with three men posted on either side, sniper rifles scoping down into the feilds. Price shook his head at the two of them as Peyton sat down on his bunk. He took the sheet of paper out of his pocket and threw it down on the floor at Peyton's feet. \"Maybe in 20 years, you can tell your kids what happened today...\" Price said before stepping out the door of the tent. As the helicopters dissapeared into the horizon Davis breezed back into the tent. Locking his radio into his shoulder holster and grabbing his assault rifle up off the side of the rack. He was just getting back from filing the report from Flynn. He looked around the two men, who right now were still reeling from the talk they had just had with their new squad mate, Davis could tell by the look on the two men's faces that something was wrong. \"What the hell is up guys?\" he said. \"Wheres the rookie?\" \"Boss, what the hell is going on?\" The question was something that Davis wasn't ready for, soldiers normally didn't question their orders. Never before had Davis encountered this, the orders were High Alert, and yet here they were, still sitting in their bunks. \"Doesn't matter guys, lets just get moving.\" Davis replied, trying not to make eye contact with either of them. \"No sir...this time it does...what the fuck is this?\" Peyton said, picking up the peice of paper that Price had thrown on the ground. He handed it to Davis, who had obviously not seen it yet, he had the report, but what this said was different. He had been under the impression that the military would try and find a cure for the virus, but looking over this it was apparent that the United States wanted nothing more to do with the virus than to kill it, all of it. He looked at the words printed at the bottom of the paper. There was definately something hitting a chord with Davis as he read it, he crumpled up the sheet in his hand before throwing the newly formed ball of paper onto the ground. \"What the fuck is happening...\" He said under his breathe, when he joined the military it was to fight for freedom, to fight for the rights of people the world over. But now here he was, faced with the undeniable truth that the United States was in this for its own protection, and the protection of its friends. They let the United Kingdom Fall, and they would kill a thousand more innocents if they had to. \"Sir, those kids aren't infected...\" Peyton said with a sigh. Davis turned his head to the two of them now matching eyes with him. Both of them knew it, Davis knew it, those kids were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. \"Something happened over there sir, something terrible, and they dont want those kids to talk about it.\" Bronze implied. It was true, Davis had read the full report. He shook his head, considering whether or not to tell them the truth, how would they take it? What would they say? He ran his hands through his hair and turned away from them. \"Sir, what happened over there.\" Peyton asked, there were a few tense moments were Davis was still hesitant to tell them. But he shook it off, smirking to himself as he nodded his head, turning back to the two men. \"They said they found someone...a woman...\" As he explained the two pictured the woman, Alice, running through the woods, becoming infected. \"They said she was immune, but that was quickly taken back, and she was labelled a genetic carrier.\" His words echoing into the minds of the two men as they pictured what they must have done to her, the washing process, the taking of blood, a woman strapped to a gurney while her children waiting to see her. \"She had two children, a young boy and a teenage Girl, her husband was a section officer in District One, they said that when they found her she was infected. But not showing any of the symptoms, no rage, no anger. They said, she was...completely fine.\" He Regretably explained. \"The virus broke out, they assume from her, her husband accessed the medical labs, and she infected him. They said that it moved quickly, and within fifteen minutes the entire base had been overrun. They tried locking it down, tried holding up the civilians in a bunker, but as soon as it got to them, it got them all.\" The two men pictured the soldiers shooting, the infected screaming as frightened people fled. \"The two children are presumed dead, killed in the firebombing, the United States instilled a state of eradication. They killed everyone, infected or not, no one made it out of the city alive. The children were presumed dead...but according to my reports, there were only two children ever sent over the channel.\" As these words are uddered, the facts begin to sink in. \"So what your saying is...\" Peyton began. \"Those two kids are the ones that they are looking for, they say they want to find a cure, a Major Ross of the medical department of the United states Army made a report.\" He remembered what it had said, because it had made alot of sense to him. \"These children are presumed to be extremely valuable, their blood could hold the cure to Infection.\" He said, nodding his head to the floor. \"They dont want to find that cure bossman...\" Peyton muttered. There were a few moments of silence between the three men, Price had been right. Whether or not they wanted to come right out and say it was still in question, but there was definately something wrong with the way the military handled the entire situation. And it was only now that the fact was starting to get to Davis. The entire time he had been in the military he thought that they had been doing the world some good, but now it was all coming so clear. It was something so hard to comprehend for him, so hard to understand. His two companions on the other hand could see it clear as day. And as Davis' head lifted again the two men sitting in front of him nodded their heads. Whatever was about to happen was about to be a big mistake, and they knew it. But none of them could deny the truth, that if they went with their orders on this, they were be walking down the same path that everyone else did, the easy one. The one that ends with the eradication of infected, and the burning of their own souls. They didn't sign up for this, to commit an act of Genocide, to kill children. Davis choked back the lump in his throat and pulled the hammer back on his assault rifle. He turned to the window, the rain was still pouring down, making the dirt beneath their feet turn into a dark shade of brown, mixing into mud and splashing onto his ankles as the hard rain poured down. He could see the squads of men moving out, the helicopters flying back and forth across the sky. This was the life he loved, he had been accustomed to living like this for the passed however many years it had been for him, it all didn't matter anymore. Because this was something different, these people weren't terrorists, or enemies on a feild of battle, they were victims. And the only thing the military could do for them was to kill them all...then what had they really done? This was the thought that ran through his head, the thought that drove him now. What Had They Really Done? The answer was simple...made it all worse, made everything worse. Davis turned to the men now sitting up on the bunks, their rifles on their laps. \"What you guys thinking?\" Davis said, looking back and forth at the two. \"Price was right, like fucking Bob Barker.\" Bronze said with a smirk on his face. \"The kid said he was going to make a difference, he's going to do it alone. Sir, he's not going to make it if its just him.\" Peyton said, but Davis already knew this. He looked to the medical center on the other side of the yard. And sure enough Price was right there, taking his first steps through the door of the building. As the doors shut behind him, Davis made the call. \"Lets go, he'll need our help.\" the two men lock and load as the sprint across the yard against the hard rain. Where they were about to go from here was all a variable. But one thing was for sure, Andy and Tammy weren't going to die...not today.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Andy's Dream Andy's eyes force their way open. The taste of hours of sleep is fresh in his mouth. His eyes are crusty and dry, it takes him a few moments to really come too, his head is spinning. And his vision is still a little blurry. His head was pounding as his heart pumped blood to the constricted vessels, making his headache seem a thousand times worse. As he blinks, trying to get the vision back, shapes and colours start to make themselves out. And as his vision fades back in, so does the sound of a soft song playing on some radio somewhere. Suddenly he can make out where he is, his room, in London. His posters, paintings and pictures are hanging on the walls, the sun shining in from the open window, the blinds fluttering as the wind passes through. The song is one that his mother used to listen to when she would do housework \"Abide With Me\" was the name of the song, Andy never really asked who it was by. It was a song that he used to dislike hearing, but now it was somehow comforting. He was dressed in the same clothes he had left london in, but somehow they were clean now. He stood up from the bed and slowly started to make his way through the house, pushing open his door and seeing the empty hallway leading to the stairway. He stepped passed Tammy's room, the door just cracked open, peeking inside he could see that Tammy was nowhere to be found. The song was getting louder, as if someone was turning up the volume on the record player. He rounded the corner at the stairs and stepped down into the kitchen. Their family pictures spread out across the front of the refrigerator. The one picture he took with him that day was replaced, sitting in the exact spot he had taken it from. He pulled it down softly, looking it over as best he could, but somehow the picture was changed, blurred, his mothers face was smudged over. He folded the picture in half and tucked it into his pocket. He rubs the sleepy sand out of his eyes as he steps into the living room, his father Don is sitting in the chair near the television. As Andy enters the room Don turns to him, his face warm and inviting. That same smile that Andy had grown to love about his father. \"Sleep Good Then did Ya?\" He said with that scottish accent that Andy had come accustomed to. Andy nodded his head slowly, he hadn't really come too yet. His head still spinning he sat down on the couch, the smell of perfume had started to fill his nostrils, the smell of his mothers perfume, god it had been so long since he had smelled it. It filled him with a sense of safety, security, in knowing that everything was as it should be. Just as he remembered it. His mother stepped through the doors leading out to the backyard, she carried with her a dirty clothes container and a few clothes that she had taken off the line out in the back yard. When she stepped through the door she set the container on the ground and walked towards Andy, she embraced him, and in that moment Andy felt free. He felt like he used to feel, happy, warm, home. \"How'd You get so Handsome Andrew?\" She asked, holding his head up so she could see him. She kissed him on the cheek. It was then that Andy hugged her, tighter than he had ever before, he could feel her, smell her, to him she was real. The music playing softly now in the background, he could feel her soft hair against his cheek, everything was as it should have always been. \"Wheres Tammy Honey?\" His father said, not looking up from the television. \"She's been gone for almost three hours.\" Tammy was always leaving and coming, out and in with her friends. Tammy was always the social one of the two, always the one on the go. While Andy sat at home most of the time, he had friends back in school, but so many kids at his age were constrained by their parents. When Andy did find time to hang with his friends it was usually at his own house, jumping on the trampoline, skateboarding in the front street, or playing video games in his bedroom. His life was just like everyone elses, and when it all came crashing down it was hard for him. He missed Tammy when she would leave, she was always there when he would get nightmares, or when he just felt down about something, she was always the one that could make him feel better, its not Don and Alice were bad parents, sometimes they just didnt understand the way Tammy did. Andy remembered when he would wake up late at night when he was little, crying, and Tammy would lay with him. Running her hands through his hair, and reminding him that no matter what happened all her had to do was open his eyes and she would be there, no matter what. He shook his head, his mother had begun to step back towards the kitchen now. But as she got farther and farther away his vision started to blur again. And his head started to pound, his father looked at him with a smile on his face, he was asking some sort of question, but Andy couldn't make out the words. As his vision blurred his fathers face changed, the smile fades into a bloody scream, and his eyes filled with such love and warmth turned to dark, red, hateful so terrifying. For a moment he saw his fathers face as clearly as he had back in London, in that parking garage that he had been locked inside of. The first time he saw his father infected, he remembered how hopeless he felt. He remembered how abadoned and alone it made him feel. As the vision of his father blurred so did the setting, the walls of the house started to fade away, dropping off like falling dominoes into a black background. The ceiling began to crack, and peices of it began to fall down onto Andy's head, it was as if the world was being pulled away, broken down. Destroyed by some godlike force. Andy tried to stand, but as he did the floor at his feet gave way, crumbling around him as if it was made of glass. But as he fell he didn't feel weightless, he didn't feel like he was floating. He felt calm, and sure of himself as he crashed through the floor beneath him. He reached his hand up to grab onto something, but all of a sudden the world he was just in, was gone. And all there was left was blackness. His feet hit the ground, but as he looked there was nothing there, just the same blank, dark abyss that was all around him. Somehow he could see himself, but nothing else, he looked down at his hands that were once clean and had now been stained a shade of blood red. The spots on his shirt and jacket had returned. Timidly he began to take tiny steps out to the front of him. And with that, he began to hear voices, familiar ones. \"How Old Are you Andy?\" The question Scarlett had asked him when he first got back to London. \"Twelve.\" His own voice answering the question. Echoing throughout the emptiness of the abyss. \"My Mother...my Mother...my Mother...She Did.\" his words repeating over and over again, in a sort of tone distortion. His voice went in and out, dropped low and then high. He blinked his eyes, being met with a flash of light, blinding him. As the light faded he could see the terminal again, he was standing in the center of the long hallway, at the end there was a single soldier standing. Waving his hand in the air as people walked in slow motion passed him. He could move normally, but everyone else was moving sort of slow, he stepped to the end of the hallway. Looking out the window, looking out at the clean-up crews down on the street, bringing bodies out of the houses below. A Soft rumbling started in the back of his head, and as he watched more it only got worse. As the soldiers began bringing bodies out of the houses, Andy could only make out on face, his own. Every single body that was laid out on the street was his, a blank, accusing stare in his eyes, glossed over, pale, lifeless. The breath is taken right out of his lungs, his heart begins to pound and his head begins to throb again. He takes a couple steps back grabbing his chest, feeling his heart about to explode out of his chest. It is then \"They\" round the corner, Tammy and Andy. He blinks his eyes to make sure that he's seeing straight, but it is him, walking alongside his sister, holding her hand as they step passed the armed guards in slow motion. Andy steps up behind them, he reaches his hand out, thinking that if he could maybe just warn himself, maybe it all could be avoided. But his hand passes through, molds into his own shoulder, as if only touching water, the alternate Andy's body ripples, and distorts. He turns to see who tapped him on the shoulder, but his image stretches as if being pulled violently into some alternate reality. Part of him keeps walking forward, while the other half meets himself in that hallway, their blue eyes meeting each other. Just as it happens the image fades back, flashing the one half of Alternate Andy back inside himself. Andy takes a couple of steps backwards as Tammy as his alternate self continue down the hallway. There is nothing he can do to stop what is about to happen, and thats whats killing him the most. He folds his hands over his face and rests his back against the wall, slowly sliding down hopelessly into a sitting position against the wall. The shadows of people walking by pass across him, unhindered by his presence. Tears have now begun to well up in the pits of his eyes, he shakes his head back and forth and rubs the droplets of water from his face. He takes another long look out the window, that day the sun was shining, and a thin layer of clouds had begun to float across the sky. It was beautiful, he remembered how it felt to finally be able to get back to his home, his town, his family. He remembered the feeling of seeing his father for the first time in what had seemed like ages. How happy he was to at least have him, if no one else. He hated thinking that his mother died alone, scared and sad. He closed his eyes again, trying to fight back the feelings that were crashing into his head. The warmth from the sun in the window faded, back to the cold, dry nothing of the darkness. He openned his eyes and thast where he was again, the blackness. He hated this place, it reminded him of those air ducts, he didnt know really where to go or what to do. He began stepping forwards again, trying to find his way out of this place. But then came the voices again, this time of his father, his sister. \"Your Mum and I were Hiding In a House...we were attacked.\" He remembered the regret in his fathers voice telling that storry about their mother. He remembered never seeing his father really cry like that before, he wished he could have been there, maybe he could have made a difference. \"Was there nothing you could do...?\" A soft voice muttered, it was his voice, the voice that echoed through the blank corridors of this reality, only his. \"There was nothing I Could do...\" His father's reply. \"We're just happy your still alive...still alive...still alive...\" Tammy's voice now plays again and again like a skipping record. Suddenly all the images come crashing back to him, the airplane from the mainland, walking down those hallways. His mother's bloody face, pulling back her skin to reveil his own. He remembered charging through deserted london, riding that mo-ped through the empty city streets where he once played with his friends. He saw his father, that smile that he came to love fading into the terrible murder face that he wore the last time he saw him. He remembers the sound of the bullets ripping passed him as he ran through the street that day. Remembered never having felt so much fear in his life, but somehow pushing through all of it. He remembered the feild, the man in the helicopter. How he refused them then, he could see them all running, Doyle shooting backwards as they ran seemingly in slow motion. He saw Scarlett, the last thing he ever saw from her was her face, full of fear and anger. He remembered his sister, screaming for him, he could hear her voice echoing in the darkness now, just as it had in those subways. He saw before him his father, standing there staring at him with that rage filled look upon his face. He remembered the tackle, the fear that ran through him as his father looked down on him. Then suddenly...the pain. Andy's scream echoed now, and seemed to get louder as it passed through the emptiness of this place. As if something out there was reflecting it back towards him, or maybe there were a dozen different Andy's experiencing the same thing, whatever it was didn't really matter. Between the sounds echoing in the darkness and the shooting pain now running down the left side of his body Andy couldn't even think straight. His father faded off now, and the darkness collapsed, as if folding over into the distance. And suddenly he was met with that same flash of blinding light, and then the final vision, the picture Scarlett had taken of his eyes, put together to make half brown, half green. As he looked on the color of the white changed, from healthy white to that shade of red, his retnas scarred and yellow lines started to break through the redness of the blood spilling into the whites. He screamed now, feeling the udder helplessness of the entirety of the situation, he was infected, and he could feel it. And suddenly it all came to a stop, the pain, the light, the vision of his own infection that has been present right to his face. And he falls now, his legs finally giving in. He cries now, openly, sobbing into the darkness. Slowly he rests his head against the invisible floor, the tears from his face drop off, as if nothing is there at all, falling into the dark abysmal nothingness. It is then he feels it, someones arm's wrapping around him. He opens his eyes to meet his Mothers, she brushes his brown hair out of his face and looks deeply into his eyes. His mother, has the same lost look as he does, the same lament, the same tears. She puts her hands gently against his cheeks and presses her forhead against his. He takes her hand as she stands up now, calmly, as if all the worries in the world have been washed away. She points out into the nothing, and as Andy turns to see what it is the bright flash comes back again. Painting the portrait of the city streets of London, it is Mid-morning, and the sun is just now cresting the tops of the buildings. He can hear a siren off in the distance, like the horns of the apocolypse. And he can feel the ground at his feet begin to shake, only slightly, but ever so noticably. His grip on his mother's hand tightens as what must have been a hundred infected came charging around the corner. He tries to turn and run, but his mother only stands, her grip on his hand tightening like a vice. He pulls at her. \"Mum lets go! please!\" his voice breaks under his fear as tears begin to pour down his face again. But Alice on the other hand, calmly turns her head to him, her face gently smiling towards her sun. She slowly puts her finger against her lips, and somehow it comforts him. He looks into her eyes, the same bloodshot look that he finds himself with. Suddenly he can feel them, the infected, charging forward in a chaotic manner, he can feel their anger, their pain, their suffering. And suddenly he finds himself not crying for himself, he cries for them. Tears of blood running down both their cheeks now the crowd engulfs them, but instead of ravaging them, they pass them by, as if they weren't there at all. Running around them, Andy can feel them as they hit his shoulder as they pass. He can see their lives, each one that touches him, the place they came from, the people they were. Businessmen, waiters, construction workers, family men, house wives, those Terrific kids the bumper stickers promote. All lost now...lost in Rage. He looks up at his mother, but her gaze is drawn to the horizon. She slowly turns to her son, gripping his hand for one last time before stepping forward, she lets go of his hand now, he tries to step after her but something holds his feet against the the ground. \"The time for sorrow is over Andy...you have to be strong...strong for whats to come...I am gone from you, but I am apart of you...I love you Andrew...your father and I both...you can't look back anymore.\" Her voice echoes like an angel in his head, her calm face, mouth unmoving, as if projecting the words directly into his head. And even though Andy still finds himself sadness, there is strength in the words his mother has said. She looks at him, as if sad for him, as if scared for him, but through it all, she can only leave him with a smile. As she dissapears into the sun just above the buildings the horizon lifts skyward, bringing a wall of buildings into the sky. A Strong wind takes Andy backwards off his feet, but instead of meeting the hard pavement the blackness engulfes him again, plumeting him downwards. And just like that...its all over. His eyes spring open now, and have to once again adjust to the light of the room. He can hear the soft sounds of the rain falling onto the roof above his head. The ceiling has been stained a shade of yellow, brown in some areas. As he starts to come too he looks around the room for a few moments. His head is throbbing now, but as he begins to rub his forehead the pain retreats just a little. Enough to where he can at least sit up on the bed. The blood on his hands has been washed off, he can't remember that happening, now can he remember how he got to where he was, or why he was dressed like some sort of in-patient. There was a small pain on his arm, where the needle had peirced his skin. There was a small pool of blood that had run down his arm from the mark, and had formed in the center of his hand. He shook it off and stepped down from the gurney. His legs felt weak, maybe it was from all the running he had done, maybe it was from the stress, or maybe it was because whatever they used to put him under was still having effect, suddenly he remembered, the helicopter, Price and the rest of Delta Squad. The nurses holding him down, and the shot. He clenched his fist, feeling an angst come over him that he hadn't felt before. The door was locked from the outside, the knob was tight, and peeking through the small separation between the doors was useless. He could only make out the light from the other side, a yellow wall on the other side of the hall. Where had they taken Tammy? He thought to himself, for the first time in a long time, Andy had openned his eyes, and she wasn't there. He looked around the room for anything he could use to get the door open. Flying through cabinets filled with medical equipment, nothing was really usable. The window was barred up from the outside, smashing out the window would only alert the medical personel to the fact that Andy was concious. Helpless, he sat back down on the gurney, but the thought of his sister still hung heavy in the back of his head. What were they doing to her? Was she alright? What did they plan on doing to them? Just some of the thoughts that were rattling around in his head. Frustrated he rested his head in his hands, looking down at the floor with deep regret. Suddenly it hit him, he got the answer he was looking for. Just below where he was sitting was a small crack in the cloor, where the rest of the panelling on the floor was parallell, this was perpendicular. He jumped down from the gurney again, shoving it out of the way. Sure enough, there was a trap door. Yanking it open presented a cloud of dust, and an empty stairway leading down into darkness. He hesitated momentarily, at first scared, but then he remembered all the feats he had accomplished only a few hours before, the fear he had felt then, made the fear he felt now seem so insignificant. His first steps down were slow, paced, like he wasn't quite sure of himself yet. And as he stepped down, every step seemed to make everything seem darker, blacker. He felt a light touch on his forhead, and at first he jumped, swiping away the spider or whaver it was that had just touched him. But as it passed through his fingers he could feel metal, the beads of a light switch. The light kicked on as Andy pulled the switch downward, reveiling to him the room he had entered. It was a huge room, a storage area for all the stuff that this place had been before it was turned into a medical center. Benches, Chairs, dinner tables, everything that this place was, was now here, as if buried. There was a smell of emptiness in the place, like the smell of their old spare bedroom his grandparents would stay in on visits. Like it hadn't been used in quite some time. There was a long bar along the one side of the room, and from the looks of things thats what this place used to be, an old bar. The alcohol still lined up behind the counter in front of a huge glass mirror, something written across it was now covered by the four months worth of dust that had covered everything else. The air was still, like it had been for a long time, no wind ever found its way down here. He looked around for any way to get back to the ground level, there must have been a set of stairs somewhere, and just as he thought there, he saw them. The door marked Exit At Your Own Risk on the other side of the room. He pulled the door open but as he did he realized that he couldn't get out this way. There was something pushed over the top of the stairs at the top, as if boarded up by someone. Frustration was setting in, he let out a slight moan as he turned back into the room. He started looking around again, frantically searching for a way out. He couldn't be trapped in here he thought to himself. Then it presented itself! An old transporter shaft, used to get drinks and things to the floors above, just big enough for Andy to crawl into. As he gripped the rope in the center he could feel another strength begin to come over him, as he pulled the rope his body weight seemed easier to lift. As he reached the first floor, he could hear people conversating on the other side of the hatch. He couldn't come out here, they would grab him and throw him back into the room, give him another shot and it would be back to the crazy darkness of the dream world. He shook his head before pulling himself up another story to the room above. Here there was nothing, he waited for a few moments to make sure someone wasn't just sitting in there filing paperwork or something. He slowly pushed the hatch open, letting the light from outside fill the shaft. He peeked around the corner of the door for a moment, the room was clear, quiet. He locked the elevator in place and stepped out onto the floor. The floorboards creaked and moaned under his little bit of weight, apparently this place was pretty old, by the looks of it at least 25 years of age had befallen this place. Andy moved towards the door, sliding his bare feet gently across the wood floors, making almost no noise at all. He had to find his sister, but he had no idea where to look. Peeking his head out the door he could see some doctors conversating at the end of the hall, he was the only kid in this place, so getting passed them was going to be rough. He looked around for a moment, trying to search for a way to divert their attention. Then he saw it, just beside where his head was resting against the wall, the fire alarm. Overhead the sprinkler system would no doubt turn on, but either way, its raining outside, Andy thought to himself. He looked back out the door again, making sure they were still there so that he wasn't doing it for nothing. He took a few deep breathes, he knew he had to sprint, find his sister and get out of this place. The fire alarm blared to life, as a shower of cool water began pouring from the ceiling. As the water began to saturate the hair on the top of his head he peered back into the hallway, nurses and doctors running for the exits, covering their heads with papers and lab coats. Andy moved out into the hallway, virtually dissapearing behind the walls of white coats, just as they had in london the crowds momentum pushed Andy down the stairs. He quickly jumped out of line and pressed himself firmly against the wall. Shuffling sideways towards the corner, he recognized this place, this was where they had brought him in, where they had seperated him and Tammy. He peeked around the corner at the groups of people still making their way out of the building. He moved as quickly as he could into the next room. Finding himself right where Price had found himself earlier, Intelligence. There was now another print-out of the kids faces, something that Andy instantly noticed. The same big red lettering across the bottom of the page. \"Eliminate.\" Andy's heart dropped into his stomach, the words made him sick. He shook his head back and forth, they were going to kill them, both of them, they didn't even know if they were infected or not. The anger started to build again, the american government had already done too much to the people of England, and now there was this, staring Andy in the face was his own death warrant. He had to find his sister, and fast before the military got hold of this report, chances are they already had it, chances are Tammy was already dead, Andy knocked the thought out of his skull, she couldn't be dead, not now, he didn't even have a chance to say goodbye to her. He knew she was clean, infection free, so why they would kill her was still up in the air. Maybe it was because the Military was covering their own asses he thought, maybe they had seen too much destruction, maybe they didn't want the truth getting out. Whatever the reasoning behind it was, Andy knew that he only had one more shot at keeping the one last family member he had in his life. He nodded his head, and just then, the alarm. \"Prisoner Escape! I Repeat Prisoner Escape! Look Out for A Small Child, A Boy, Age Twelve.\" The voice over the com-link was clear. Blasting throughout the entire base. He looked to the window, he could see Delta Squad, Peyton, Bronze and Davis making their way across the feild towards the medical center, the rain pouring down on their heads. As he looked around more, it appeared as if they were the only men on the base at the time, in the distance the helicopters were making a turn, and in a few moments they would be right back ontop of them. The soldiers were running up to the front of the building, in almost like a combat formation. Andy didn't know what to expect from these guys, if they were anything like the soldiers back in England, this was going to be tougher than he thought. He had to act fast, find his sister and leave, at least now she knew...he was coming for her. ","Summary":" He looked out the window, the boy in the red hooded sweatshirt, below him the ocean crashed against"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Doggie Love","Author":"Alexriolover95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12198514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! So it's been awhile since I last written for this archive and I been busy with midterms lately, but during that time, studying for hours, I thought for an idea for a short story. And I also know many of you want to see, Best Friends, continue, but to be honest, I might stop it because I really don't know how to continue it, but… I might give it to someone else… Maybe to a certain FFN sister… (Wink, wink) Anyway… Without further ado… Chapter 1: Spending Time Together It was a nice, cool and slightly breezy, early night in the city of love, aka Paris. And well, the city has that name because it is known for couples to have romantic nights together, to share their first honeymoons and such. And the most romantic spot in the city, many say, is the Eiffel Tower, which dominates the cityscape as the tall, steel tower looks down on the mostly flat city. On the very top of the tower, on this particular night, was a lone White Pomeranian, who stared out dreamily at the darkening sky. \"Wow, this is such a beautiful view, I just wish a certain someone was with me right now.\" The White Pomeranian sighed as she felt a bit lonely tonight. However, that would be over pretty soon, for a familiar Jack Russell terrier was coming up behind the White Pomeranian. He was there to surprise the Pomeranian and also to finally share something that he has been longing for. \"Well, you can stop wishing, because I'm right here.\" The terrier happily said as the Pomeranian turned around. \"Max!\" The Pomeranian yelled as she jumped up and landed on the terrier and licked him happily on the face. \"It's good to see you too Gidget.\" The terrier named Max replied, laughing. \"What are you doing here?\" Gidget asked. \"Well, I came to give and ask you something.\" Max said, taking something that was tied to his collar off. It was a small blue and leathered box and Max carefully opened it, revealing a ring that was shaped like a bone and shining brightly as Gidget opened her eyes wide in happy shock. Max then took the ring in his paw and went as low as he could to Gidget, before saying the words. \"Gidget, will you have puppies with me?\" Max asked. Gidget didn't need a second to think about it and she just answered right away as she has waited for this moment forever. \"Yes! I will Max!\" Gidget yelled. \"Great.\" And Max put the ring on Gidget's bow that was on her head. The two then shared a kiss with each other that lasted for a few minutes before breaking it and smiling, knowing they would be together forever. However Max had something else to say… \"Hey Gidget.\" Max said lovingly. \"Yes Max honey.\" Gidget giggled in return. \"It's time to wake up.\" Max said in surprise. \"Wake up.\" \"Gidget, are you okay?\" Max in real life shouted out from his apartment window to Gidget, who was napping in the middle of the day. Eventually Gidget heard Max in real life and woke up slowly as she was confused. \"What, what's happening?\" Gidget said as she opened her eyes, revealing she was just dreaming about being in Paris and Max asking for her paw in marriage. \"Oh, it's you Max.\" Gidget said as she noticed Max was calling for her. \"You alright, I was calling for you for awhile and you didn't answer, I was getting worried.\" Max said, relieved that Gidget was alright. \"Awww! He was worried about me!\" Gidget said in her head as she was touched by Max. \"Well, I'm fine, what's up?\" Gidget asked. \"Well, since Katie and Duke are out of town for tonight, I thought that maybe you and I could spend some time together.\" Max asked. \"He wants to spend time with me? Is this still a dream?\" Gidget wondered and calmed herself down in order to answer Max. \"Sure, I'll be right over.\" Gidget answered calmly. \"Great, see you in a bit.\" Max replied and came down from the window edge to prepare for Gidget. Gidget went down from her own window edge and she prepared herself for the visit, making sure her fur was clean and that she was beautiful. And like Max, her owners were also out for tonight, so she thought it would be wonderful if the two also went out to eat dinner together. After Gidget was done, she made her way down the fire escape from her window, cross the alley and up the fire escape of Max's apartment building. It took a lot of effort to do for such a small dog, but for Gidget it was worth it, if it means she gets to spend time with Max. When she finally arrived outside the window, she checked herself one last time before knocking on the window. Max came and opened it and greeted his friend with delight. \"Hey Gidget, you made it.\" Max smiled, letting Gidget in and as soon as Max closed the window, who came down to the floor, to where Gidget was. \"So, what do you want to do?\" Gidget thought about it and noticed a clock on the wall, which it was almost 3 PM and for Gidget, that meant it was almost time for her most favorite TV show, La Pasion de La Pasion. She always imagined watching it with Max and now was the chance to do so. \"Well, I was thinking maybe we could watch my favorite TV show.\" Gidget nervously asked. \"Sure.\" Max simply answered and the two went on the couch, Max giving the remote to Gidget, who turned on the TV and switched the channel to where the show was. Gidget got to the channel right on time, for the intro to the latest episode was on and Gidget smiled. However Max was a little confused, since he never watched this show and wondered what it was. \"Hey Gidget.\" Max said to the Pomeranian. \"Yes Max?\" Gidget replied. \"What's this about?\" The terrier asked, slightly confused. \"Oh, well it's basically about romance and drama, just watch.\" Gidget said and Max decided to please Gidget by just going along with it. As the two watched, Gidget, from time to time would glance at Max for a second, noticing his expression as he watched, which was the same. However inside, Max was honestly a bit interested in the show. When the climax of the episode came, which was when one of the main characters, Maria, finally found her lover, Gidget had some tears and laid her head against Max. Now Max was aware of Gidget's affection for him, but this was a whole new level, he had no idea what to do, so he just let Gidget lay there. However Max actually felt himself blush deep red by this. \"Do I really like her this much?\" Max wondered to himself. Gidget eventually realized that she was leaning on Max and got up. \"Oh, I'm sorry Max, it's just very moving for me.\" Gidget apologized. \"No, it's okay, I actually liked it.\" Max reassured Gidget. Now Gidget found herself blushing. She actually made the move to lean against Max and it worked. As the episode ended, the two didn't know quite what to do. It was starting to get into the early evening and it would take awhile to get to the restaurant Gidget wanted to take Max to, so now was a good time as ever to ask him. \"Hey Max, since we're both free tonight, I was wondering if you'll like to eat dinner out tonight with me.\" Gidget asked. \"Sure… I guess that would be nice.\" Max replied, thinking how he would manage this. \"We are we going?\" \"Oh, well it's a nice Italian restaurant that allows owners to bring their pets.\" Gidget informed Max. \"Don't worry, I'm a very popular costumer there.\" \"Well alright, lead the way.\" Max smiled and the two went out the window and down the fire escape, of course having their collars on so animal control wouldn't bother with them. And so the first date would begin for the two dogs and it would be quite interesting for the two as something accidental will happen… I think you guys know what will happen… That is if you seen Lady and the Tramp…[Chapter 2] Alright guys! Here we go with the second chapter, but before we do… I would like to thank ShadowDragonGhost13 and Lederhosen4life for putting in reviews and also Starshine89 for adding the only fav and follow so far! And now… Chapter 2: Spaghetti Kiss After some time walking through the streets of New York City, staying silent most of the time since Max and Gidget really didn't know what to talk about at the time, they finally arrived at the restaurant. Max was going to walk through the front door, but Gidget was walking to the back. \"Oh Max, not that way, Mario will be in the back, in the kitchen.\" Gidget informed her date for tonight. Max just followed Gidget and he saw Gidget scratch at the kitchen door, with a smile on as she waited for Mario to see who it was. A minute passed until Mario answered and looked to see no one, seen he wasn't looking down at the ground, not noticing Gidget. \"Huh?\" Mario said in confusion. \"Is someone messing with me?\" Gidget than called out to Mario, Mario only hearing barks for course. Looking down, he saw Gidget there with tongue out and paws on Mario's legs. \"Oh Gidget!\" Mario shouted with delight. \"My most favorite four legged customer, what can I help you with?\" Gidget then walked back to Max, who was standing a bit in the back and came right next to the terrier. Mario then smiled as big as he could, knowing what this was. \"Well, looks like you found your someone special Gidget.\" Mario said happily. \"You two can go sit at one of the dog tables in the front outside, I'll bring out a special meal for you two.\" Max and Gidget went to the front of the restaurant, sitting down at one of the outdoor tables for dogs. Mario instructed one of his waiters to set the table up specially for them, which the waiter did. The waiter put a small, glass flower vase for one rose to put in, he also put a pair of candles and lit them. After he was done, the waiter smiled at the two and left to serve others, leaving the two alone. Max, to be honest, felt a little at ease as he never really experienced this kind of treatment before, and certainly not with the dog who loves him. He couldn't decide whether or not to start a conversation or not. He just took quick glances at Gidget, who couldn't help but look at him and admire how handsome he was. \"So Max, pretty good time out, right?\" Gidget asked, not saying the word, \"date\" to avoid Max thinking differently of her in a bad way. \"Yeah, I guess so, I can't wait to see the special meal we'll get.\" Max replied, smiling nervously. \"Don't worry, if I know Mario well, he'll do a great job.\" Gidget smiled. A few minutes passed and Mario came with a waiter with the food for Max and Gidget. Mario was carrying a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs, with the waiter carrying a cup with some breadsticks in it. Mario set the plate down in between the two, Gidget expressing her thanks to Mario, which were only barks to the human's ear. \"You're quite welcome Gidget.\" And Mario turned to Max. \"And please enjoy the finest spaghetti in the city and now some entertainment with your meal…\" And Mario pulled out an Accordion and started playing a soft song. \"So, can we start digging in?\" Max asked Gidget, wanting to be as polite as he could. \"Sure Max.\" Gidget answered and the two started grabbing the noodles with their mouths and eating the tasteful dinner. Max tried to be as clean as he could, but he was so used to eating from a bowl and sauce soon enough covered his muzzle. The terrier tried to lick it off before Gidget would notice, but that failed quickly. Gidget just giggled at seeing Max's cuteness and decided to help him out. She came forward to lick off the sauce herself, which Max was a bit confused by what Gidget was doing. \"Gidget… What are you doing?\" Max asked. \"Getting the sauce off you silly.\" Gidget replied and started licking off the red sauce on Max's muzzle which tickled Max a little. \"Gidget! That tickles!\" Max laughed lightly and continued to do so until Gidget was done. The two then went back to eating, while watching Mario play beautifully on his accordion, both of them weren't paying much attention to their food, just listening to the music, when suddenly, their muzzles touched in a kiss. The two have been nibbling away at the same noodle and eventually that noodle would have to be eaten away. As the two muzzles touched, both dogs had their eyes wide open as they looked at each other, having a new kind of feeling in them. Gidget eventually broke it when she separated from the accidental kiss and turned her head slightly away while blushing deep red. \"Wow, I just kissed Max!\" Gidget shouted in her head. \"I wonder what he thinks.\" \"What just happened… That was such a good feeling…\" Max said in his head. Max decided he needed to do something to avoid the awkward state and noticed there was only one more meatball on the plate along the noodles and with his muzzle he rolled it on the plate towards Gidget. \"For you Gidget.\" Max said awkwardly. \"Thanks Max.\" And Gidget ate the meatball that Max offered her. As they ate, two familiar dogs were currently on a walk with their owners and they happen to pass by the restaurant that Max and Gidget were in. Buddy and Mel happen to meet on their walks and they saw the two together, both of them surprised. They even saw the accidental kiss… \"Well looks like the two are going to have puppies soon.\" Buddy said to Mel, who was smiling as Buddy was. \"That means we get to be uncles!\" Mel shouted back. \"Well, we should let the two enjoy their, \"date\".\" Buddy finished and with his owner they returned to their walk, Mel doing the same. However, the two decided to spread the news to everyone they knew and to tease the happy couple, to have a little fun. Back with Max and Gidget, they were finally done with their meal and ready to leave, Gidget first coming to Mario. Mario knowing what Gidget would ask. \"It's on the house my favorite four legged customer.\" Mario smiled. \"Just make sure to show me your puppies when you have them.\" Mario winked while Gidget blushed. Gidget then walked to Max, who was patiently waiting for her in the front of the restaurant. Gidget was very happy and she showed it on the outside, while Max was also happy and his feelings for Gidget wee really kicking off, but he still contained it inside to make sure this was what he really wanted. \"So Gidget, where to now?\" Max asked, deciding to let Gidget choose we they would go. \"How about we go to the park, I bet it's much more pretty during the nighttime.\" Gidget replied. \"Well, to the park it is than.\" Max smiled and allowing Gidget to walk first before him, they were on their way to the park. And so, with that very romantic dinner finished, with some \"accidental stuff\", it was now time for the second portion of the \"date\" to begin as the two dogs made their way to their next stop, the park. Why do I feel the urge to watch Lady and the Tramp again… And more importantly… Why do I feel like eating a plate of spaghetti and meatballs right now! LOL! Well, see you in the next chapter! ","Summary":" Hey guys! So it's been awhile since I last written for this archive and I been busy with midterms l"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Life And Death","Author":"JeremyBSmith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9024338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Elena was outside with her arms crossed, the wind blowing threw her brown curly hair. Jeremy walked out of the house seeing his sister in front of the house. Jeremy was adopted at the age of 10. Elena had Jeremy had always got along with each other. Elena was wearing her tight blue hoodie with a pair of jeans. She was wearing her black vans. There was a backpack next to her which was filled with her clothing. Jeremy had his hands in his black sweatpants. Her parents had adopted Jeremy once his family had passed away in a fire. Even though Jeremy and Elena were not blood siblings, they felt like it and in their minds they were. Jeremy was 22 and Elena 21. Elena turned around to look at him. Jeremy sighed standing in front of her. \"So you really are going to leave?\" Elena was quiet as the cool breeze hit her. The tall grass blew with the wind and it was peaceful outside. There parents were inside, Elena had already spoke with them. \"Jeremy, its just that I need to be free for once...I don't want to be with him...\" Jeremy knew she was talking about her fiancé Christian. They both went quiet and Jeremy went in to hug Elena. \"I'm going to miss you Elena. Be safe and you better email me.\" She laughed hugging him back. \"Trust I will and you better come see me.\"Jeremy spoke in a voice, almost close to whispering. \"Have you told him you were leaving?\" Elena went quiet and pulled away from him. \"I'll see you soon.\" Her cab pulled up and Elena stepped into the back seat of the car. Jeremy waved as his sister looked out the window. Elena was close to crying but she only waved back and smiled. The cab pulled off and out of the driveway. 28 Weeks Later Elena had been in the campsite rocking her body back and forth. She was biting her fingernails sitting up in the bed. There we other survivors in the tent with her. They were the ones to survive the infection. Elena remember she was in Germany and she had overheard the news. She had called Jeremy and remembered the entire phone call. She remember Jeremy breathing hard over the phone. -Flashback- Elena was int he hotel room crying over the phone. Jeremy was on the other end of the phone breathing hard. \"Elena, there are so many of them.\" He said in him and Elena's old bedroom. Eliza who was Elena's mother and father were in the same room. Jeremy handed the phone to their mother. \"Elena, I love you so much baby. Please keep safe.\" There father Charles opened the window from the bedroom. Their mother was crying and Jeremy grabbed the phone calming her down. \"Elena...those people, things, creatures, I don't know. But they run fast, and they attacked Christian.\" Elena was quiet, trying to hold her tears back. \"I tried to go but it was so many..\"Charles had grabbed his Browning Maxus Stalker 12 Ga. Shotgun. He loaded the gun and shot a few shots at the running creatures coming toward the house. \"Dad no! You are attracting them!\" Over the phone, Elena could hear the gunshots. \"They are in the house!\" Jeremy yelled. Their mother was weeping and Jeremy and their father were holding the door. There creatures were at the door banging on it. You could hear the sound of wood cracking. It was quiet. \"Are they gone...\"There mother said. \"I think s-...\"There was a loud crashing noise and everyone was screaming. There were screeches, Jeremy was yelling, as well as there mother. \"Back up you fuckers!\"Charles was another sound of a gunshot. There were crashing noises coming from the room then it was quiet. The phone cut off. Elena was quiet crying in the room.[Chapter 2] Elena watched as the soldiers were gathering everyone in the tent. She was quiet most of time when she had got the phone call from her brother. Soldiers had already had a few people in Germany in a safe zone. Word had spread that the infected had died from starvation during the 5 weeks. Elena was happy but she asked one of the NATO soldiers about the other survivors. The soldier couldn't give her answer at the moment which worried Elena even more. During her stay in Germany, she met a boy named Raekwon. Raekwon managed to stay cheerful most of the time. He had friends in Great Britain and he was in college. He went on a class trip to Germany. Raekwon looked like a child who was at least 12 but he was actually 20 years old. \"Elena, we are about to head to the airport then we are getting on the train to Great Britain.\"Raekwon said gathering his items. Elena said standing up wearing her jeans and converse. She had her hair in a ponytail and she reached over grabbing her bag. \"Okay, Im ready.\" She sighed following Raekwon to the plane. Raekwon looked at Elena, she had been quiet for a day or two. \"You okay?\" Raekwon said looking at her. She sighed looking at the plane. \"I don't know. I haven't heard anything from them. Its been twenty eight weeks.\" Raekwon went quiet and looked ahead to see all the survivors on the plane. Raekwon spoke again. \"Don't worry Elena, hopefully they are there.\"Elena was quiet now. They both boarded the plane. A few hours passed by and the plan landed at a airport in Great Britain. Elena and her family came here when they were going to the United States. It was quiet at the airport. Only soldiers were at the airport. Usually people would be rushing or resting at the airport. Planes taking off, people on there phones, noisy. But it was deserted. It was quiet, it was weird. There was debris on the runway. Everyone gathered there things walking off the plan. Elena and Raekwon were quiet most of the plan trip. Memories was rushing through her head The cool breeze hitting her face. The NATO soldiers had led them to a train station that was near the airport. Elena sat near the window seeing the city. It felt different than the last she had been here. But the streets were different. It was trashed. She could see debris, cars that had previously been on fire, trash went across the streets from the wind. Elena couldn't see not one person on the street. They were getting closer to a place called District 1. Elena looked see a large barricade, then there was another. The streets were cleaner now. There were snipers on the roof. There were coming toward a large apartment complex. It was large. Elena looked a few seats ahead seeing two children on the train. One was a small little boy and the other was a girl who was most likely a teenager. The train had stopped in front of the complex. Everyone had gathered there items and were going through a tunnel which connected to the apartment complex. They walked through it and Elena was walking next to Raekwon. \"It will be ok Elena.\" Raekwon said patting her back. Elena put on a fake smile still walking. \"Elena?\" Someone said from the distance. Elena stopped right where she stepped. The voice sounded so familiar. Elena looked seeing a figure standing int he middle of the tunnel. Jeremy stood there wearing medical scrubs. Elena smiled running toward him. He put his arms out hugging her. She felt knots in her stomach. She hadn't seen her brother for weeks, she thought he was dead. Elena clenched onto her scrubs not wanting to let go. They both were crying now. Jeremy smiled. \"How did you get here?!\"He said breaking the hug looking at his sister. \"I had no where else to go! What are you doing here? Why are you wearing scrubs? Is Mom and Dad okay?\" She had so many questions to ask him. \"Slow down.\" He smiled. \"First we need to check you out. Make sure you aren't infected.\" Raekwon came up behind them. Elena smiled looking at Raekwon. \"Oh Raekwon, this is my brother Jeremy. Jeremy, meet Raekwon.\"He was on a trip in Germany when the infection spread out.\" Jeremy smiled. Raekwon smiled as well then asked Jeremy a question. \"So has the infection really be exterminated.\" Jeremy nodded. \"So far, thats what we know. London isn't how it used to be. But it took weeks to get everything like it is.\" Raekwon nodded. \"Raekwon, you might want to get your room and get checked by the other nurses and doctors.\" Raekwon nodded. \"See you later Elena.\"Raekwon walked towards the place where the nurses were checking everyone. Jeremy turned to look at Elena. \"Where is Mom and Dad?' Jeremy didn't say anything. His smile slowly faded away. They both stood there in silence. Elena broke the silence and looked back at him . \"How did they-\" Jeremy hugged his sister. \"We can talk about that later.\" They both looked at each other and headed toward to check on Elena. They did the blood test, and checked her eyes. \"Alright, lets head to our room.\" Jeremy said smiling. She nodded and they both headed to there room. \"Its on the 18th floor.\" She smiled. \"We are way up there.\" Jeremy nodded as they went into the elevator. They reached there floor and walked out the elevator toward their room. Jeremy had his key card and opened the door. Elena walked in first and looked at the room. There were two double beds, a nice view of the London. There was a bar with a sink. Two bathrooms and its almost like a hotel room. She sighed laying on the bed. Jeremy got on his bed and smiled. \"Welcome home.\"[Chapter 3] Elena walked around the bedroom look at her new home. The entire room was alike a hotel room. She walked to the large glass window looking over the city. Elena glanced over to see people on top of the roofs. Snipers. They were a lot of them. This place was armed. Elena turned around to see Jeremy at the bar. He was fixing them a shot. Elena put her hair into a ponytail and reached to grab the shot glass. Jeremy smirked and they both gulped down the liquid. There faces quenched up and they laughed. \"Just like old times.\" Jeremy said leaning against the bar. Elena went by the window once again. She sighed crossing her arms looked down at the soldiers on the ground. \"So, is the virus finally gone?\" Jeremy smiled. \"Well, so far we know that the virus is controlled. But I can say the virus has been contained.\" He said as he looked in the mirror making sure he hadn't messed up his scrubs. Elena was quiet for a moment. \"What happened to Mom and Dad...\" Jeremy and Elena went quiet and Elena turned to looked at Jeremy. He sat on the couch looking at the ground. \"Well?\" Elena said while sitting next to him on the couch. \"They didn't make it. I tried but there was nothing I could do.\" Jeremy tried to keep himself from crying.\" Elena hugged him. \"Elena, it was horrible...\" -Flashback- Jeremy had dropped the phone and it broke when it hit the ground. \"Dad no your attracting them!\" He yelled as the infected started coming into the room. There father pulled the trigger but more of them continued to come but then his father shot the last one. \"Are they gone...\" Eliza said covering her ears. \"I think s-.\" Jeremy was cut off by screeching. There was more cracking noises as they were coming toward the room. \"Back up you fuckers!\" Charles says shooting the gun. \"Get out of the house now!\" Charles yelled. \"Dad, you can't stay here, come on!\" Jeremy yelled seeing the bodies falling to the ground. More and more were coming up. \"GO!\" He yelled continued to shot the infected. Jeremy helped his mother out the window, Jeremy looked back to Charles. Charles glanced at him. \"GO JEREMY!\" Eliza was crying on the rooftop. Jeremy climbed out the window and Charles dropped the gun and closed the window locking it. Jeremy banged on the window, Charles was crying then his body disappeared by the swarm of the infected. Blood went across the window. Jeremy balanced himself as he went across the slanted roof. Eliza looked over to see the car across the yard. She reached into her pocket pulling out the car keys. \"Jeremy! We can make it to the car over there!\" Eliza said standing up slowly. Jeremy could heard the gurgling coming from in the room. There was banging noises. He didn't know what had happened to him. Jeremy slowly made his way toward his mother. Jeremy looked over the edge of the house. Jeremy could lower his mother down from the rooftop. It wasn't to far down. \"Mom, I'm going to lower you down and run straight toward the car. Don't stop, don't look back. Just get into the car and lock the doors.\" She nodded at her son's commands. Eliza slide off the side of the roof and was hanging there. Jeremy grabbed both of her hands and slowly lowered her down toward the ground. Then was the sound of screeching and glass breaking. Jeremy looked at the window. The infected were trying to get through the window. Jeremy went still and his hands froze. His mother slipped from his grasp and she fell to the ground landing on her back. She groaned and Jeremy snapped out of it. \"Mom are you okay!?\" Eliza stood up and looked up at her son. \"I'm fine hun! Get down here and get to the car!\" Eliza began running toward the car. There was another sound of glass breaking then the sound of wood breaking. A man whose skin was decaying, his eyes were bloodshot red. Blood oozed out of his grimy blackish teeth. He started sprinting toward Jeremy. Jeremy looked down at the edge and without hesitating, he jumped off the edge of the roof, he landing on his feet. Jeremy glanced back to see other infected going out the window. Jeremy turned back to the car, his mother had started the vehicle. Jeremy made it to the car, he quickly opened the passenger door and got into the car. He slammed the door shut and pressed the lock button. He looked over to see the infected coming towards the car. It had to be at least twenty of them coming there way. Eliza slammed her foot on the gas pedal. The tires spun in the dirts then it began going down the rocky road. Jeremy looked back to see there home disappearing behind the trees. He turned to look forward at the street. Eliza was crying at the loss of her husband. He did save their lives. They were both silent. \"Then mom ha-\" Before Jeremy could finish his sentence. There was a knock on the door. Elena was sitting there silent, tears running down her cheek. Jeremy wiped his tears away before he opened the door. There was another man in a soldier uniform. \"Oh, hello Sergeant Doyle. What can I help you with?\" Jeremy said smiling. \"I told you can call Doyle, don't need the Sergeant.\" Doyle said laughing. Jeremy joined in the laughter. Elena stood up wiping her tears away while walking toward Jeremy. \"Doyle, this is my sister Elena, Elena, Doyle.\" She smiled shaking his hand. Doyle returned the smile as he shook her hand. \"Pleasure to meet you Elena. Jeremy has told me a lot about you.\" Elena smiled looking at her brother. \"Yeah I bet he has.\" Jeremy smirked nudging his sister. \"Well, they need you down there to help with the new arrivals.\" Jeremy nodded. \"Sis, I'll be back. Duty calls.\" He kissed his sisters forehead and walked out the bedroom. Doyle turned to look at Elena. \"Well Ms. Elena. You have a nice night now.\" He said. Elena smiled at the man. He was clearly an American judging by his accent. \"You to Sergeant Doyle.\" He smirked and she slowly closed the door. She walked towards the window. She wondered if the soldiers could see into the rooms. Elena closed the curtains and sat on her bed thinking about her father. \"He didn't tell me what happened to his mother. Elena got under the covers and laid down resting her head on the pillow. She began to cry, she closed her eyes falling asleep.[Chapter 4] Elena woke up slowly opened her eyes looking out the window. The sun wasn't out and the blue skies were covered up by the gray cloud that floating in one direction. She sat up in her bed rubbing her eyes. Elena looked over to see Jeremy wasn't in the bedroom. The room was warm, the light was on. As Elena climbed out of the bed, she her a grow coming from her stomach. \"Time for breakfast.\" She said going over to the bathroom. Elena took a shower. Slipped on a simple t-shirt, a pair of jeans, and her flats. She had her long curly hair in a ponytail, she went to the sink grabbing her toothbrush. Elena brushed her teeth and she walked out the bedroom. The hallway was empty. As Elena walked down the hallway, she noticed that there was someone at the end of the was the boy and girl from the train. A man walked from a room and was with the kids. It could of been there father or something. The man waved and Elena waved back heading towards the elevator. She waited for the doors to open, she stepped in and then pressed the lobby floor. There was a ding and the elevator began moving down the the lobby floor. The doors opened once again and Elena walked out through the lobby. There were a lot more people in the lobby. People were sitting in the chairs, reading books, a few chatting. It was quite calming. She went into the cafeteria and she looked through the crowded saw her brother sitting at a table talking to one nurse. Elena walked up toward him and Jeremy turned to smile at his sister. \"Morning sis.\" He stood up giving her a hug. They both smiled. \"Oh, Elena, this is Scarlett one of the nurses. Scarlett, this is my sister Elena.\" Scarlett stood up putting her hand out to shake Elena's hand. \"Pleasure to meet you Elena.\" Elena smiled shaking her hand. \"Pleasure to meet you Ms. Scarlett.\" The three of them sat at the table and Elena was curious about the establishment. \"So Ms. Scarlett, are you sure the virus is gone?\" Elena asked looked at the woman with black hair. She was obviously an American. She spoke in a soothing voice with a smile on her face. \"Yes we are sure that the virus has been quarantined.\" Elena smiled. Jeremy handed her his bagel. Elena smiled taking the bagel. She took a bite out of it and swallowed it. Scarlett looked at the two siblings. \"So I'm guessing you two have other family here?\" Scarlett said smiling. Jeremy and Elena's smiles slowly faded away. Scarlett instantly knew that they had lost their family. \"Oh, I'm so sorry...I didn't mean t-\" Before Scarlett could finish her sentence, Elena said, \"Its fine Scarlett.\" She turned to look at Jeremy. Elena had been waiting to ask Jeremy since last night. \"Jeremy...what happened to mom?\" Jeremy was silent and Scarlett and Elena were now looking at him. \"Well...we were driving down the road from the house.\" -Flashback- Eliza was going down the road. She was gong at least 70 miles per hours. They had no idea of where they were going to go next. The finally hit the main road. Eliza saw people running down the cars speeding by. Eliza saw that there was a road block ahead that blocked the pathway away from the city. There were police officers telling the people couldn't go by. There were people in their cars honking the horn, yelling. It was like a large traffic jam. The officers were yelling from the roadblock. It had to be at least 30 of them blocking the road. \"Jeremy what is going on?\" A few other cars had pulled behind Eliza's car blocking her in with the other cars. They started beeping their horns as well. \"Everyone calm down! We are ordered that no one is to leave London! Everyone remain calm and get back in there vehic-\" The officer fell to the ground. An infected had came from the woods. He began pounding the officer in the face, he was full with anger. The other officers began shooting at the infected until other infected came out of the woods attacking the other officers. People began screaming running the opposite direction. From Jeremy's view, he watched an infected bite an officer. They officers body had clenched up and stuff was coming out of his mouth. He began hitting items around him. There was a man running away from the officer but the officer ran after the man taking him the ground. The infected were incredibly fast. He watched as the infected ripped the man apart. Jeremy was frozen for a moment until his mother grabbed his arm pulling the other direction were other people had run to. They were running down the road with the other screaming people. Jeremy was continued running with his mother not wanting to look back. His mother was keeping up with him but she couldn't run for to long. Jeremy turned his head to look at the people running behind him. He looked past them to see at least 40 to 50 infected coming after them. Jeremy began running even faster. His adrenaline was pumping and heart was racing. His mother was slowing down. Jeremy wasn't going to leave his mother behind. \"Mom! Get in that car!\" There was a few cars on the road that people abandoned. His mother went in the passenger door. Jeremy went into the driver door. They slammed shut the doors to the car. Jeremy pressed the lock button in the car. \"Jeremy get down!\" Eliza said getting low in the seat where no one was able to see them in the car. Jeremy did the same thing getting into the small space under the steering wheel. They both were trying to catch their breath. They watched as the shadows of screaming people were running by the car. Then they heard other shadows passing by but there was gurgling noises, the shadows moved faster. It was so many shadows passing by the car. Jeremy and Eliza stayed low for at least 2 minutes. They waited for the shadows to stop going by the car. Jeremy and Eliza slowly went back into the seats. He looked behind the way the people and infected had run to. That road led toward the city. Eliza hugged her son and kissed his forehead. \"Hun. If I don't make it. You go and find your sister. Promise me you will keep her safe.\" Tears were running down her cheeks and she hugged him once again. \"I promise mom.\" She smiled and Jeremy noticed something outside the passenger door. There was a figure. It was a woman with long hair. The woman had blood in her hair. She had blood, and saliva coming out of her mouth. Her eyes were bloodshot read. She had a bite mark in her neck and her clothes were covered in dirt. \"Mom!\" She quickly turned around and the woman began banging on the glass. The glass cracked on the first hit and the second hit, the glass shattered into little pieces. Eliza instantly crawled over by Jeremy. Jeremy did his best trying to pull her away from the window. The infected woman had somehow gotten the door open. She had broken the lock to the door. The infected woman grabbed Eliza's leg. Jeremy held on tight to his mother not letting her go. His hands were getting sweaty and she was slowly slipping away. \"Mom! Hang on! I can't lose you!\" Jeremy was crying and Jeremy's gripped loosened and his mother screamed. The infected woman dragged her out of the car and bite into her leg. Eliza screamed in kicked the woman in the face and the infected woman stumbled back. Before she could lunge back on Eliza, there was a gunshot in the distance. The infected woman fell to the ground. Eliza's body began cringing up. It felt like her blood was boiling. Foam began pouring out her mouth. Her eyes went from light green eyes to bloodshot red. She began to get angry. She didn't know why she was angry. She hated where she was, she hated everything. It just made her angry. She quickly stood up and looked at Jeremy and there was another gunshot. It didn't hit his mother. It actually went through the windshield. His mother looked in the other direction and began sprinting off into the distance. Scarlett had a tear run down her face. Elena was crying looking down at the table. Jeremy also grew quiet. The three of them thought about the tragedies of there loved ones.[Chapter 5] Elena laid in her bed looking up at the ceiling. The images from Jeremy's story replayed in his head over and over again. The screams that she imagined was a like a song she had just heard and not matter how much she tried, she wasn't able to get it out of her head. Elena closed her eyes listening to the footsteps going through the hallway every once in a while. It was quiet, peaceful. She enjoyed it, maybe there was finally hope out there for the world. Before Elena had a chance to fall asleep, there was a loud knock on the door. Elena quickly sat up, its wasn't an ordinary knock. This one was loud, firm, and quick. The door shook from the knock. There was another loud knock. She looked at the clock and it was 8:12pm. It wasn't Jeremy because he had night shift. She got out of the bed going over to the door. As she walked to the door, Elena spoke loud enough for the person to hear. \"Who is it?\" Immediately the person answered back. \"Its Sergeant Doyle. Open up, its your brothers orders.\" Elena quickly reached the door and opened it up. Sergeant Doyle was wearing his uniform, his turned to look at Elena, but he wasn't smiling. He had a serious face. \"Elena, get your things, we need to leave now and get to your brother.\" Elena quickly did as he said, she grabbed a bag and put her clothing and her personal belongings in the bag. While she was getting everything she needed, she was wondering what was going on. \"Doyle, what is going on?\" Doyle looked at her and sighed. \"There has been a code red. Another outbreak.\" Elena felt like her heart stopped for a few seconds. She finished packing her things quickly walking toward Doyle. \"Please get me to my brother, he is my only family. I can't lose him.\" Doyle smirked. \"Thats what I'm here for.\" Elena didn't smile, fear was overcoming her. They walked down the hallway, for some reason it was peaceful. Suddenly a red alarm went off. Emergency red lights were in the hallway. The alarms went throughout the entire building. Doyle quickly but gently grabbed Elena's hand before other people started coming out of their rooms. Doyle pulled her to the staircase doorway. He opened the door then they quickly went down the staircase. She could hear people going down the staircase from above and voices from everywhere. \"Whats going on?\" \"Why are the alarms going off?\" \"Is this a joke?\". A voice on a intercom echoed through the stairway and the rest of the building. \"Attention residents, this is a code red, please report to the front of the building. This is a emergency evacuation. Attention residents, this is a code red, please report to the front of the building. This is a emergency evacuation.\" The voice replayed over and over again. Elena then heard screaming coming from above. Doyle and Elena stopped in the middle of her tracks. It was a woman's scream. \"Its the infected!\" A man yelled. Doyle knew what was going to happen after the man had said that. A stampede of scared people. Doyle grabbed Elena and then went the staircase even faster. There was screaming a lot of footsteps coming from above them. Elena adrenaline was rushing. They made it to the lobby and there were people running through the lobby out the doors. Elena and Doyle ran out. People came out the staircase door screaming. It was so many of them. As they ran along the concrete pavement, she noticed someone had jumped on another person. The person was hitting the man in the face over and over again. It had to be the infected, the infected man went for a woman. He bit into her neck, the lady scream pushing the man off. The man went for others. The woman went to the ground, her body cringing, foam came out of her mouth. Then her body was still and the woman stood up. People were running past her just trying to get out the building. The woman quickly jumped onto another person and began beating them, she seemed so angry. It was the Rage Virus. \"How could it have spread again...\" Elena said stopping. Doyle turned to pick up Elena and run away from the crowd. There were shots from the rooftops. Snipers were shooting the infected. \"Let go of me Doyle, I can run!\" Doyle dropped her and then they began running toward a warehouse. Elena turned to look back while running, there was a woman not infected running toward Elena, before the woman was able to reach Elena and Doyle, she was shot. Elena screamed and Doyle turned around to see the body. He looked up to see the snipers were shooting the non infected. Elena's eyes grew wide at what she was seeing. Doyle quickly got his walkie talkie and held down the button and spoke into the walkie talkie. \"What are you idiots doing!? You are killing the non infected!\" Doyle let his finger go off the button. It was quiet for second. Elena saw people running from the building, infected chasing after them. Screams echoing through the air. Suddenly, one of the infected caught a glance at Elena and Doyle. It immediately ran toward them, Elena didn't know what to do. She wasn't around when the virus spread. Elena had only seen clips of the infected attacking people then usually the person with the camera. Doyle shot the infected man. The man fell to the ground and just lay there. Someone was in the warehouse, the cracked the door looking at the two. \"Hurry get in!\" The voice said. Doyle nodded and turned to grab Elena. Elena jumped but she had found out it was Doyle. Doyle pulled Elena into the warehouse. The man quickly closed the warehouse door and he locked it. It was dark in the warehouse, people were whispering. \"There shooting the humans..\" \"I thought the virus was quarantined...\" \"The infected are going to get us...\" Elena was shaking at the screams and gunshots coming from outside. Doyle's radio came on. \"Doyle, where the fuck are you?\" It was Flynn. Doyle quickly responded. \"Flynn! Im a warehouse in front of the complex, why are they shooting at the non infected!?\" It was quiet for a second then Flynn responded. \"We have orders from General Stone to kill the infected and the non infected. Fucking cunts. Doyle where the fuck are you?! We need to get out of here!\" Doyle wondered Jeremy was, did he make it out the building? Elena was listening to there conversation, so was a few others. The warehouse was pretty big. There were voices coming from each direction. There had to be at least 30 to 40 people in here. Whispers were coming from each direction. The screaming outside had stopped and so did the gunshots. Did they kill everything? \"Do you think they killed them all?\" \"My mother was out there, they shot her.\" \"I don't want to be here mum.\" \"I need to find Elena Scarlett, she is the only family I have..\" Elena quickly looked in the direction the voice came from. She left Doyle where he was listening to the voice. It had to be. It was. Elena went down an aisle full of crates, she saw Jeremy in the aisle talking to Scarlett. He was wearing blue scrubs. He turned to see Elena. \"Elena?' \"Jeremy!\" Elena ran toward Jeremy giving him a hug. But this one was longer. \"I thought you were gone..\" Jeremy smiled then patted his sister's back. \"I'm fine, I'm fine.\" Elena looked at Scarlett who was with two kids. The two kids were the ones she saw earlier on her floor with their father. Where was he? \"Good to see you made it safely Elena.\" Scarlett said looking at her. Elena nodded. Scarlett went back to making sure the children were alright. Doyle came up to the Elena and Jeremy. \"Hey Doyle.\" Jeremy said smiling. \"Thanks for getting my sister to safety.\" Doyle nodded. \"No problem.\" He said. Scarlett came from around the corner and smiled. \"Good to see you again.\" Her smile slowly faded away. Doyle looked a Scarlett. \"How did the virus break out?\" He said looking around. \"Well, today a woman was found by the children.\" All three of them looked at the kids. \"There names are Tammy and Andy. It was there mother. She was bitten but for some odd reason, she could control the virus. I don't know how but she had the virus for quite a long time.\" Andy and Tammy were listening to the conversation. Doyle looked at Scarlett and said in a calm voice, \"So are you saying that woman could be the cure to the virus?\" Scarlett nodded. \"Well, where is the woman?\" Scarlett looked at the kids who had sad looks on their faces. Scarlett leaned toward the three of them. \"She didn't make it.\" Doyle looked at the ground. \"Dammit.\" Scarlett went back to talking again. \"But the children have her blood. They are special. I don't quite know but they are special. So there could be a chance.\" They all looked at each other. Maybe there was a chance of hope. Doyle's walkie talkie came on again. It was Flynn. \"Doyle listen! They are going to be bombing the area!\" Elena looked at Jeremy. Scarlett looked at Doyle. \"But there are still people down here. People non infected!\" Doyle pressed the button. \"There are to many people here. I'm going to be bringing some people with me.\" Flynn responded. \"What! Hell no! I'm not going to be protecting anyone else, leave em'.\" Doyle responded. \"Thats to bad. Meet you in the fields outside of the city.\" \"Dammit Doyle!\" Doyle turned to looked at everyone. \"Alright we need to leave right now.\" Scarlett nodded and went to get the kids. \"Come on now, we need to get you two to safety.\" She said smiling. The kid's faces had no expressions. Andy stayed close to Tammy. Elena looked at Jeremy. \"Lets hurry and go.\" Jeremy nodded. Doyle had went to the back of the warehouse. He cracked the door open, it was pitch black outside the back of the warehouse, he could see the gate, there was a fenced gate door on one side. Doyle made sure the five where with him. \"Wait!\" A voice came from behind them. Two people came from the crates of the warehouse. \"Please can we go with you, we don't want to stay here.\" It was two men about in there early 20s. \"I'm Jackson and this is Talis.\" Doyle gave them a quick answer. \"No.\" Talis looked at Doyle. \"Man, c'mon! You can't leave us!\" Before Doyle could say anything. Jeremy smiled looking at the two. \"Of course you can.\" Doyle looked at Jeremy. \"Jeremy!\" Jeremy looked back. \"Doyle, its bad enough we are leaving other people here but if they asked, its good we take them.\" Doyle sighed. \"Fine lets, go.\" Doyle was first to go out. He checked the area. Making sure there was no infected. He looked in every direction. He had his gun pointed ready to shoot anything that came out at him. It was clear. Jeremy signaled the others. Jeremy and Elena went out first. Then Scarlett, Andy, and Tammy. Then Jackson and Talis. They all went running down the street looking around them. They soon were getting farther and farther away from the complex. Reviews BBGG-NO :( what happens next? you should make a scene where elena and jeremy go and fight against the zombies or something and they see the mom and cant get themselves to shoot her and then they almost die but of course someone rescues them ;)- Ha. No spoilers. Anything can happen :D Thornstarr- I love your story, its really good and I like Jeremy and Elena, they are my favorite! I want more!- Lol. Thanks so much. Glad you are liking the story. I have so many ideas that Im going to put to use. Keep reading, and enjoy :) ","Summary":" Elena was outside with her arms crossed, the wind blowing threw her brown curly hair. Jeremy walked"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"28 Years Later","Author":"SandieBrody","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9724693","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 28 Years Later 28 Years Later the Rage Virus is long gone and Britain is strong once more, 1/4 of the country is covered in gravestones of the good and some the evil, people live happily until... London: Britain had ploughed through years of the dead Infected and one day they unlocked the secret that changes history... They discover how to bring the dead back to life, this process is only discovered 28 Years after the Rage Virus takes over England the second time... In the year 2035 a human body is found, the remains of someone who was not infected... the skeleton is carefully dug out of the soil in which it lay and slowly transported to the research lab in central London, were they were conducting experiments to find out how the country fell to it's knees by a disease. Chase Macy one of the scientists who discovered this body is one of the three people who know how to bring this body back to life. But what she didn't realize was... How much her life was going to change afterwards... So this is just a prologue and the rest of the story will probably be in Chase or the bodies P.O.V! PLXS R&R;! xXxSandieBrodyxXx[Chapter 2] 28 Years Later 28 Years Later the Rage Virus is long gone and Britain is strong once more, 1/4 of the country is covered in gravestones of the good and some the evil, people live happily until... Chase Macy's P.O.V: I walked down the bare, dull corridor towards the examination room. There lay the skeleton in which we found. I was given instructions to immediately revive this specimen as we need information on what had happened 28 Years ago and this person was our only hope of knowing. I reached the equally boring room and changed into my sterile clothes and prepared to revive. I washed the bones... I then loaded the sterilized bones and covered it in a white sheet before sliding into the machine in which it'll become a human once more... I had laid the bones out as close as I could to a normal human size and hoped it would work... The first and last body we revived had been an Infected and at that precise moment it was locked up in steel chains and bolts so it could not escape. Anyway, I paused before pressing the final button and history changes, I looked towards the one-way glass and knew everyone I knew would be holding there breathes... I pressed it! WHIRL CLUNK HUM HUM HUM HUM BEEP It took matter of seconds before... \"ARGHHHHHHHHH!\" Came a scream from inside the machine. That was a good sign the person had survived this sudden change of time and space... Nobody knows how this happens but since the Rage Virus a mysterious force has happened and well... now this! I pulled the door open and pulled the slab on which the body was on... It was flesh, human skin... It, I mean He was beautiful and perfectly human... He turned his head to look at me and said, \"I died, how am I back?\" Well? Hope you enjoyed it! I will try and do longer chapters and the next one you get to know more of what happened! PLXS R&R;! xXxSandieBrodyxXx[Chapter 3] 28 Years Later 28 Years Later the Rage Virus is long gone and Britain is strong once more, 1/4 of the country is covered in gravestones of the good and some the evil, people live happily until... Chase's P.O.V: He began to twist his head around, looking in disbelief, \"Who are you? How did you get me back?\" I went over a box on a table and picked up some clothes in with he graciously accepted and put them on. \"First tell me your name, if you remember?\" I asked. \"Erm... It's Doyle... Sergeant Doyle... Delta Rooftop Unit...\" Doyle explained, trying to remember. \"O.K Doyle, I'm Chase Macy... can you tell me the year? I quizzed. \"Last time I remember it was... 2007, why?\" Doyle replied. Chase sighed, \"O.k, it's 2035! Technology has evolved and now we can bring people back from the dead\" Doyle had finished getting dressed and slowly slid of the table he was on, I help him stand up and after he had got the hang was walking we left the room and slowly walked down the corridor, \"So let me ask you... how did you die?\" I casually asked him. \"I remember the gas? And fire... lot's of fire!\" He explained. \"O.k That's good...\" \"What it's like?\" Doyle suddenly asked. \"What's, what like?\" I wondered out loud. \"Outside, what's it like outside?\"He despertaley asked. \"Erm... it's calm, peaceful and full of nature, since the second outbreak, which is where we're guessing you came from, life has been getting on alright, not many people but it's safe, now!\" I calmly explained, trying to picture the scene in my head. \"Sounds good...\" Doyle murmured. They walked down the corridor until they reached the end and there was a huge glass window. It showed the whole of London as they were on a high floor. Doyle looked stunned when he saw the glistening sunlight for the first time. He pressed his hands on the glass and stared. \"I spent a lot of time in the dark, as I was a sniper.\" Doyle explained. \"O.K, the more we know about you, the more know can know about what happened.\" I said looking at him. \"Can I go... go outside?\" Doyle asked and turned to look at me. I wondered for a moment before saying, \"We'll have to go to my boss before leaving but before that we need to give you a medical exam to get you checked out.\" I explained and we both walked down another corridor into a room that looked like a doctors check-up room. I sat Doyle down on a chair and I turned around to pick up a bottle, \"Doyle, I have to squeeze this liquid in your eyes... I'm afraid it's protocol.\" He sat there blinking at me. \"O-k-a-y-\" He slurred. I smiled at him before gently pushing his head back and squeezing one drop in each eye, he winced before frantically blinking. \"Next I need a small amount of your blood.\" I explained before reaching behind me an picking up a tube and tiny needle, I slotted them together and brought them up to my face. \"Please... try not to move.\" I smirked and slowly pushed the needle into his arm. He looked at me in confidence and I smiled at him in return before pulling the needle out and capping the tube. I then tugged the needle of and slotted the tube into a box full of them, ready to sent to another lab to be checked. \"I think we're about done here, next stop my boss\" I gently laughed before we left and walked across the corridor to his office, I looked at Doyle and knocked on the door. We walked in and both took a seat in unison, \"So, introduce me!\" My boss boomed inquisitively. \"Boss this is Sergeant Doyle of the Delta Rooftop Unit, he's Project Delta what a coincidence\" I explained and started to giggle. Doyle joined in too. \"I see well if he's been cleared there is no problem, he can have full access to everywhere, well done Chase and look after him, O.K\" The Boss said and shooed them both out. \"Where do you want to go first?\" I asked Doyle. He shrugged. So I think I'll stop it there for this chapter. PLXS R&R;! xXxSandieBrodyxXx[Chapter 4] 28 Years Later 28 Years Later the Rage Virus is long gone and Britain is strong once more, 1/4 of the country is covered in gravestones of the good and some the evil, people live happily until... Doyle's P.O.V: I stepped out the building and the cool breeze hit me... I took a deep breath and the fresh air passed through my lungs... \"So I'm Project Delta that means I'm the fourth one... what happened to the three before me?\" Chase lead me towards a park with long grass and beautiful trees... We sat down on a bench together, \"Our first attempt was by accident, the second attempt failed and the specimen died, the third attempt was a success but unfortunately it was infected and when your infected, your always infected. You are our first success!\" I smiled and looked up to the sky, it was clear and I saw swans flying around. Chase P.O.V: The birds were tweeting and for many moment we didn't say much more... \"So Doyle... do you want meet the others?\" I asked him. He looked confused, \"What do you mean 'others'?\" The other people were the people who didn't work in the main building and live in survival, the workers who work for the Boss, help them as much as they can and there their friends, \"There people who live in survival, we help them live and there our friends, us workers\" I stood up and began walking towards the underground entrance... We walked into the shadows and carried on walking through the dim light, \"They stay underground to keep themselves safe, it's kind of a tradition now since the... breakout 38 years ago\" Doyle looked shocked, \"You mean for 38 years, families have lived down here?\" I nodded, we reached the end of the tunnel and took a sharp turn to the left, since the last breakout the underground trains were never reactivated so the tunnels were populated with many families, \"Wow, they have even decorated the wall with different colors\" \"I know right, don't worry if they crowd you... they know that the Americans tried to save there ancestors and you are the first american they've seen in years\" Doyle felt like a god and they reached the first lot of families, \"We're looking for my friend she has red hair and is usually with a boy who has the most impossible green eye... like emeralds\" I explained. We carried on and came across many people whom I knew... \"Yo Chase!\" Came a sweet voice behind them. We stopped and turned around. \"Hey, Trez where have you been, we've been looking for you\" Trez looked at Doyle up and down, \"Who's this?\" \"Trez you remember me telling you about Project Delta?\" I questioned. \"Yeah! Some body is found and your bringing it to life\" She cluelessly replied. \"Well this is Project Delta here... meet Sergeant Doyle\" Trez's face went into shock, \"No-way... your like, legendary around here, there is even a section named Doyle... that's my place of home!\" Doyle looked at me as if to say who is this, \"Oh sorry Doyle, this is Trezabelle and sections are just different areas in the underground\" \"Oh\" Doyle understood. \"Come lets meet everyone\" Trez was really excited. Trez lead the way and they entered a room that housed six people, \"We're all orphans here, nothing to do with the Infected\" Doyle looked around, six bed were laid out in a row and the floor was made out of concrete with a rug on it, \"Why do you liver here, surely it gets boring?\" \"Oh, no it's not and my brother will be back soon\" Trez explained. At that moment a boy walked in and stopped when he saw Doyle, \"Trezzy, who's that?\" \"Seybourne, this is Sergeant Doyle, you remember me telling you the story of a hero named Doyle who helped with the second outbreak, this is him\" Seybourne looked amazed, \"No-way, your a hero around here, just wait till Monty comes back\" Doyle smiled again, \"I can't believe I'm a hero around here!\" He sat down on a bed. I smiled at him. )( Fin... for now! PLXS R&R;! xXxSandieBrodyxXx ","Summary":" 28 Years Later 28 Years Later the Rage Virus is long gone and Britain is strong once more, 1/4 of t"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"LA VIDA SECRETA DE TUS MASCOTAS","Author":"Fanfic Corp. Animation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12995323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOMBRE: La vida secreta de las mascotas. La vida secreta de las mascotas (Latinoamérica) La vida secreta de los animales (España) DIRECTORES: Chris Renaud y Dan Houser GUION: Dan Houser, Ken Daurio, Paul Zack y Sam Houser MUSICA: Alexandre Desplat y Dan Houser HISTORIA: Dan Houser y Luis Cook PAIS: Estados Unidos / Japón AÑO: 2016 ESTRENO: 8 de julio de 2016 (Estados Unidos) 15 de julio de 2016 (España) 29 de julio de 2016 (México) CLASIFICACION: -A GENERO: Animacion, Infantil, Comedia, Acción DURACION: 101 minutos. IDIOMAS: Ingles PRODUCTORA: Illumination Entertainment, Sony Pictures Animation DISTRIBUIDORA: Columbia Pictures ESTUDIO: Sony PRESUPUESTO: 100,000,000 RECAUDACION: 1,534,980,240 Reparto Lorenzo Jerald Patterson (Mc. Ren) como Max, William Connory como Eliott Jenny Slate como Gidget Eric Stonestreet como Duque Brian T. Delaney como Peppi Dane Gart como Ringo Kevin Hart como Snowball Gary Alan Sinise Rocco Ellie Kemper como Katie Steve Coogan Como Ozone, Samuel L. Jackson como T-Benni Chris Penn como Edd Mulasky Armando Riesco como Timmy Fernández Daniel Craig como James Bond (007) Billy Joel como Ilay Joey Lawrence como Napoleon Jack Pearson como Napoleón Falso Bobby Moynihan como Mel Lago Bell como Chloe, Chris Renaud como Norman Michael Beattie como Tattoo Jess Harnell como Abai Kevin Michael Richardson como Viper Kiely Renaud como Molly. Reparto (español latino) Max Kuwani: Luis Cook Eliott Kiwani: Carlos Segundo Gidget: Mónica Huarte. Duque: Martín Campilongo Peppi: Luis Bajo Ringo: Jaime Camil Bola de nieve: Eugenio Derbez Rocco: Reyli López T-Benn: yo Eduardo Liñan Edd Mulasky: Gustavo Melgarejo Timmy Fernández: Oliver Magaña ILay Roger Kuwani: Michael Cruz Napoleón: Gabriel Jimenes Napoleón Falso: Rodrigo Samuel James Bond (007): Carlos Segundo Chloe: Ana María Simón Katie: Natasha Dupeyrón Amigo chumel torres Mel: Jesús Guzmán Norman: Bruno Pinasco David Ozono: Germán Fabregat Tatoo: José Antonio Abai: juan carlos oregon RESEÑAS ROTTEN TOMATOES: Esta pelicula fue valorada por el 98% con 141 reseñas. Esta pelicula muestra otro mal entendido tipico de una muerte, pero esto haciendo que otro tome su lugar y el conflicto sea el doble, aunque se intendo solucionarlo, pero llevo a otro lado en donde experimento una crisis de personas que practican el maltrato animal y las venden el África por dinero, que al final si escuchamos los problemas se pueden solucionar en paz. AUDIENCIA: fue valorada por la audiencia a un 90% de 1,560,782 votos, con una calificacion de 4.6 / 5 PREMIOS: Ganador de premio oscar al mejor repartp de voces de películas animadas del 2016 Ganador de premio oscar a la mejor Pelicula animada con efectos visuales de 2016 Nominado al premio oscar a la mejor pelicula de 2016, quedando en 2° lugar Nominado al premio oscar por el mejor director de pelicula animada de 2016 Nominado al premio oscar a la mejor pelicula del año 2016 SECUELA: tras su exsito, el 2 de febrero del 2016, auncio que se estaria preparando la secuela, que estaba de estreno el 13 de Julio de 2018, pero luego el 26 de Diciembre del 2017, movieron la fecha a Julio de 2019, pero al final el 26 de enero del 2018, se decidio dos feches. El 3 de agosto del 2018, únicamente en Estado unidos, Mexico, españa, Italia y Japón, que solo ese unico dia saldria la película, luego se esperaria hasta 7 de juniode 2019, aunciado el 4 de agosto sel 2018, en todo el resto del mundo incluyendo los paises que ya se habian estrenado anteriormente. CURIOSIDADES: Dan Houser, una firma que se celebró en Miami por el resto de su vida hasta morir Don Chilo Store hace referencia a la tienda Don Chilo Store una tienda que tiene en Nueva Haven, en 1955 Ciudad del letrero de San Remo por $ 599 hace referencia al lugar en el que se realiza su secuela en San Remo Los juegos olímpicos del 2016, se eligió en el momento del 2012, porque todavía no hemos llegado a la fecha de estreno La fecha de estreno en los Estados Unidos. Anteriormente usaian a Max, Duke, Gidget, Ilay, Buddy, Mel y Chloe en una pelicula llamada Al-Qaeda que es hiba el 8 de julio del 2006, (10 años antes) pero fue cancelada porque Sam Houser, Dan Houser y Jack Cook lo habian reporbado En el doblaje al español latino Carlos Segundo tiene dos voces en la misma película, la voz de Eliott, el tío de Max y la voz de James Bond (007) jefe de la CAPOL En las paredes de la cancha de baloncesto, se encuentra unos grafitis de la Pandilla doméstica (Animales, pandillas) En ingles y un grafiti donde dice (Grove 4 Life) que hacen referencia al juego de GRAND THEFT AUTO: SAN ANDREAS (2004)[Chapter 2] En Compton, Los Angles en el 15 de Abril del 2015, Ringo (padre de Snowball) y Eliott ( Tio de Max) se reunen y unen los dos grupos, Los Domésticos y Los desechados con una mision, y es que todos desechados tengan dueño y puedan vivir, sin embargo en verano de ese mismo año, en el zoologico de Los Angeles, hacen la mision, pero Ringo fue convencido por un leon, Eliott lo evita, pero Ringo muere atacado, Eliot sobrevive pero ileso, un empleado ordena al leon a ir adentro de su cueva, y el ve a Ringo muerto y Los demas se asercan y ven a Ringo muerto y Eliot ileso, pero todos creian que tuvieron una pelea de cuerpo a cuerpo, En el funeral en el cementerio de Los Angeles, entierran a Ringo, Kaligula pregunta a Eliott lo sucedió, pero Snowball y Rocco declaran guerra a los Domésticos, obligando escaparse hasta las vias del tren, y de hai todo comenzó. Un año después de lo sucedido, en Nueva York, Max tiene una vida muy comun en East Village, Cuando Katie se va, Max la espera, pero a la vez visita y habla con sus amigos, entre ellos: Gidget, una pomerania que está enamorada de Max, Chloe, una gata gorda, Mel, un Pug hiperactivo y Buddy, un Dachshund, En ese mismo dia, se encuentra con los dueños de Eliott y el se siente un Deja vù, Fue a ver y resulto ser su tio que se fueron de los Angeles a Nueva york, por asenso a trabajo de su dueño. Luego lo lleva a fuera en una cancha de baloncesto a encontrar con grupo de Los Domésticos en Nueva york, al dia siguiente Max va por donde su tio, pero encuentra una serpiente uir del lugar, entra y ve a su tio muerto, pero resultio herido se paso por muerto, pero si sigue asi morira el tio. Elliot heredera a Max la mafia, Los Domésticos, luego Max preocupado que no sabe como liderar una \"mafia\" el va a preguntar a Gidget y ella le dice que deberian declarle paz y reunirse las mafias. Mientras tanto Snowball y Rocco declararon muerto la mafia Los domésticos, e hicieron una celebracion para celebrarlo Rocco fue a robar comida para la celebracion cuando Max se encuentra con el y cree que es Snowball pero no lo hes, al final se pasa por una celebracion de re-coalicion Rocco le dice eso a Snowball y el acepta, En la noche Se realiza antes de la celebracion, Rocco le aconseja a Max a como hablar a Snowball, ya que no es facil, pero en un callejon Rocco fue secuestrado por jimmy Fernández un integrante de la R.A.R.S. (Resouces Against Races Street) ESPAÑOL: R.C.R.C. (Recursos Contra Razas Callejeras) Y luego Max lo intenta rescatarlo, pero al final hullen, luego Max intenta decir a los desechados sobre lo sucedido, pero Snowball no lo cree, lo declaran guerra contra el, y Muerto a su hermano siendo Max el asesino, Max hulle del lugar y regresa a casa antes que Kate regresara, Cuando kate regreso le dieron la bienvendia a Duke quien Max no lo agrado desde un principio, hasta la hora de dormir cuando Duke se confunde por Eliott, Y le explica que es Max su sobrino, pero Duke conoce a Eliott y vio el asesinato de Ringo. Al dia siguiente Max hace una reunion a Snowball pero el lo iba a Rechazar, pero Ozono convencio que lo aceptara y que tuvieran un plan de asesinarlo. Luego en la reunion Max y Duke se sienten algo malo, cuando Snowball hullen y todos los Desechados dejando a Max y a Duke solos, para ser Secuestrados por Edd Mulasky otro integrante de la R.A.R.S. Gidget, se entera de la desaparición de Max, y Gidget, Mel, Buddy, Chloe, Norman, un hamster y Eliott, van a través de Manhattan en busca de Max y Duke. En el aeropuerto de John Kennedy en Broklyn, Max y Duke fueron rescatados por Ilay un integtante de la C.A.P.O.L. (parodia de C.I.P.O.L.) ( Comisión Animal Para la Observancia de la Ley) integrada por Ilya el jefe, napoleon, napoleon falso y napolinicin (napolincin no aparece hasta la secuela) luego escapando del carro, T-Benni El lider de la R.A.R.S. tiene planeado enviar a los animales en una \"Cumbancha\" Al Congo belga, sin embargo revisa el carro y no hay nada, Luego mientras hablaban Ilay, Napoleon, Falso liberaban a los demás mientras luego T-benni ve que no hay nada, todos hulleron del aeropuerto de John Kennedy cerca de una oficina postal, todos se van, Max pregunta quien es son, pero Ilay se da cuenta que es idéntico a Max, luego James Bond los trae en su carro, en la guarida, los examina a Max e Ilay y resultan ser hermanos, luego Ilay le preguntan de donde vienen, Y ellos creen que vienen de Westbury por donde viven los de la R.A.R.S. los llevan allá, les dice que no son de ahi, luego Max y Duke tienen misiones en Brooklyn y Queens uno de ellos es de una destrucción de salchichas contaminadas, otra rescate y fraude en el metro de Westbury y por ultimo la Caida de los R.A.R.S. al final Ilay les pide a Max y Duke tener misiones en San Remo, Italia pero ellos lo rechazan, porque quieren ir a casa, de camino a casa los dejan hasta el puente de Broklyn debido a que no pueden ir de long island. En medio del puente se encuentran Los Desechados, Los amigos de Max, y los Domésticos, Los de la C.A.P.O.L . vieron que era importante desobedecieron i entraron al puente, ambas mafias estaban a puntode pelear, pero Max los detienen y les explica que todo hera un mal entendido, sobre la muerte de Ringo y el secuentro de Rocco, con pruebas Snowball empieza a creerlo y se da cuenta el error que cometio, Luego Todos los animales y mascotas vuelven en un taxi con hipresion hidraulica (Taxi Low Rider) Max habla con Gidget diciéndole que quedó impresionado por lo que ella hizo para buscarlo y Gidget emocionada lo lame y lo abraza. De regreso a su cloaca, Snowball es adoptado por una niña, él se resiste pero luego se rinde ante el cariño de su nueva dueña. Sus compañeros vuelven a las ancantarillas. Todos las mascotas regresan en sus casas antes de que sus dueños llegen, . Max se despide de Eliott porque sus dueños de iran de Nueva York a Miami[Chapter 3] Empieza en el logo de Sony luego el intro de Columbia de 2016, Luego el logo de Illumination Entretenimiant, luego sale 15 de Abril de 2015, Compton, Los Angeles, California. En el callejon de la tienda de muebles y de una funeraria, en Compton Boulevard. Los Desechados y Los Domésticos se reúnen Estamos todos aqui, para formar una gran alianza - Ringo Si, Los Desechados y Los Domésticos nos unimos, para que Los Desechados, tengan un dueño y puedan vivir mas - Eliott Luego todos felices, se reunen y forman la alianza. Luego aparece en LueVerano de 2015 En el zoológico de Los Angeles, estan haciendo el plan Muy bien, ¿seguro que aqui funcionara? -Ringo Si, aqui hay muchas personas para ser sus dueños, muy bien siganme - Eliott Luego un león, le habla a Ringo. Escuche que buscan un dueño - Leon Ah, ah, es ami - Ringo Si, no no te preocupes, no como conejos, tienen tantos pelos - Leon Y, dime sabes de un dueño? - Ringo Luego Eliott ve atras, Ah, y Ringo? - Eliott Luego ve atras y ve a Ringo conversar con el león Ringo, no! - Eliott Eliott corre, pero Ringo trata de detenerlo Alto. Eliott, no es lo que piensas el es ami... - Rigo es interumpido porque Eliott se estrella con el, y caen adentro del habitad Jajajaja, porque preocuparse, no me lo voy a comer - Leon Asi, solo covences algo para pasarse a tu almuerzo - Eliott Veo, que sabes mucho - Leon Luego el leon se enoja y ataca a Ringo, (Pero no se graba el asesinato, la camara esta en primera persona de Ringo) luego hierre a Ringo No! - Eliott Tu, turno - leon Luego, Eliott se defiende, pero al final es lanzado y quedo hileso, pero el empleado del zoológico llega y detiene al leon mientras los demas vienen a ver que pasa Alto, alto, Aslan, leon malo, leon malo, muy bien, adentro de tu cueva - Empleado Cielo santo - Empleado Luego todos ven a Ringo muerto Padre - Snowball tristemente Luego Snowball y Rocco entran y se llevan el cadáver de Ringo pero el empleado lo quiere quitarselo, pero viene otro lo evita Alto, dejalos llevar, puede ser una tradición de conejos - Otro empleado Luego en el parque Wilson, Entierran a Ringo en un funeral, mientras Kaligula le canta en honor ala muerte de Ringo, Candle in the wind You leyend ever will, Gracias, Gracias - Kaligula Luego ve a eliot fuera del lugar y Kaligula decide ir Eliott, - Kaligula Ah, hola Kaligula - Eliott Eliott, dime exactamente que fue lo que paso allá - Kaligula Veras, kaligula yo... - Eliott es interumpido por Snowball No, es necesario - Snowball Pero... - Eliott otra vez, es interumpido por Snowball Eliott, matastes a mi padre, para separnos los dos grupos, para que no podamos sobrevivir, Pero tu lo pedistes Eliott, Ahora que yo y Rocco somos Lideres... - Snowball es interumpido por Rocco Que? Lideres, heramos somos lideres? - Rocco Hermano no entiendes, papá esta muerto y nosotros debemos liderar este grupo - Snowball A, es sierto, y ahora como primera orden es... - Rocco dejo que lo dijiera Snowball Qué, Se largen de aqui, no quiero ver ninguna huella doméstica aqui - Snowball Todos los domesticos se van, pero Snowball los detiene Alto, por sierto recuerdo que si alguien muere, debe cumplir venganza - Snowball Que quieres decir? - Eliott Ah, facil Matenlos! - Snowball Luego todos Los domesticos hullen de los Desechados, formando una persecución hasta llegar unas vias de tren, mientras un tren va a cruzar, Todos los domesticos y los desechados fueron Divididos por el tren y las vias, Eliott esta apunto de ser golpeado por el tren, pero cruzo a tiempo, mientras tanto al otro lado del tren Esto, aqui no se acaba Eliott - Snowball Luego empieza la cancion gp & gf reverberi sequence there (de Londres 69 y 61) Y sale el título LA VIDA SECRETA DE LAS MASCOTAS luego un año después, en Nueva York verano del 2016. Se ven vistas paronamicas de la ciudad, como la Time Scuare, la estatua de la libertad, el parque Central, El puente de Broklyn, World Trade Center y por ultimo en East village. Nueva york, no es mas que una ciudad grande, son edificios muy altos, calles muy transitadas, con una paz y tranquilidad en las calles, libre de grupos callejeros, libre de problemas - Max Luego se corta la canción Ya ve voy, cuida la casa Max - Kate Que?, alto, alto! - Max Corre del cuarto hasta la puerta para evitar que kate se fuera, pero cuando llego era demasiado tarde Ag, Este no es mi dia! - Max Luego sale Gidget en la ventana del edificio de la par. Hola Max, y tienes planes hoy? - Gidget Si, tengo muchos planes, me quedare sentado aqui hasta que kate regrese - Max Que bien, porque yo tambien tengo planes hoy - Gidget Luego Gidget vaja de la ventana Ag, tenia que responder asi - Max Luego por la ventana arriba de la puerta entra Chloe Hola max - Chloe Ala vez entran Mel, Buddy Hola max - Mel Si, hola max - Buddy Hola chloe, mel buddy, - Max Luego en los ductos se escucha sondio y es Norman Ah, que bien estan todos, muy bien les tengo noticias, - Norman cuales son? - Chloe si, dinos - Mel Bueno, hoy vienen, una nueva familia, compraron el ultimo apartamento que estaba vacante, no se quienes son pero solo son 3 o algo asi. - Norman No, quiero interumpir pero, ya llegaron! Visitantes por la puerta! - Mel Ono, debo regresar o sino mi dueño, me dejara encerrado adios - Norman Luego todos ven en la ventana la nueva familia Oigan, solo hay dos, - Buddy Si, y el tercero un perro - Chloe Que extraño, ese perro se parece ami - Max Luego en la entrada Bienvenidos sr. Y sra. Vance solo necesitaremos unas firmas de unos papeleos - Dueño del lugar Luego 2 horas después Eliott sale de su casa, y Max sale a ver cual apartamento vive Eliot, pero se encuentran en el pasillo Ah! - Max Hijo no deberias estar en tu casa, pero que, somos identicos, o no, no - Eliott Si, eres nuevo aqui bienvendio aqui, soy Max - Max eliott, pero es extrañp que tu eres igual a mi de pelaje solo que soy palido por el tiempo de vejes - Eliott Si, bueno, me he preguntado, pero no se si tu, podrias haber sido mi padre? - Max Que, yo tu padre, no, no, no, no tuve pareja, - Eliott Ah, entonces significa que eres mi tio -Max Si, puedo ser tu tio, si fuera de otra familia no seriamos iguales - Eliott Wow, tio, de donde vienes? - Max Ah, vengo de Los Angeles - Eliott Los, Angeles? donde es eso? -Max Ah, los angeles, por donde viven las estrellas de Holywood - Eliott ahora entiendo, - Max De ahi, vengo como sea tengo que ir a un lugar, eh, Sorbino no conoces una cancha de baloncesto que ahy aqui? -Eliott Si, hay uno, te llevare hacia allá - Max Luego Max y Eliott se van a la cancha de baloncesto ya en la cancha de baloncesto Mientras se escucha la cancion de GRAND THEIF AUTO ADVANCE THEME de fondo Aqui, es - Max Gracias, sobrino, - Eliott Ey, Peppi - Eliott Peppi? -Max Hey, hola eliott has llegado - Peppi Que, peppi que diablos haces aqui? - Max Hey Max, que haces fuera de tu apartamento? - Peppi Alto, chicos les presento a Max es mi sobrino - Eliott Tu, sobrino? - Peppi Si, es mi sobrino - Eliott A, bueno, como sea tenemos que planear eliott, entra a este callejon - Peppi Si, ya llego, Max gracias por traerme aqui, regresare en la noche sobrino, - Eliott Muy bien, pero llega antes que tus duenos llegen - Max Si, eso are - Eliott Mientras tanto en la noche, Eliott sale de la reunion, al otro lado de la calle esta Snowball, buscando comida pero al ver al otro lado del camino Que, Eliott? Vaya, vaya, vaya, nos volvemos a enocntrarnos eliott, y esta vez la venganza se cumplira a mi nombre de mi padre! - Snowball Snowball hace una reunion, para hablar acerca de eliott Lo tenemos en la mira, Eliott esta aquí, lo he visto y ahora es hora de que nos page por lo sucedido hace un año, Los domésticos tendran su fin - Snowball Hermano, pero como sabemos donde vive? - Rocco Es sierto, ya se, todos vigilaran cada apartamento, todos vean si esta en alguno de esos lugares, nos reuniremos alas 2 de la mañana, - Snowball Luego, todos los desechados, observan cada habitación de cada apartamento, para encontrar a Eliott, hasta que Viper lo encuentra en su apartamento Creo, que es el, si, es eliott, - Viper Lo encontrastes? - Snowball Si, durmiendo - Viper Muy bien, todos reunanse - Snowball Luego se reunen a su escondite Muy bien, lo encontramos, ahora Abai Podras matarlo - Snowball Bueno, tanto tiempo sin morder a nadie, pero creo que mi veneno esta bien, - Abai Muy bien, mañana por la mañana, morira - Snowball Al dia siguiente, Max sale de su apartamento a visitar a su tio Eliott, pero ve una serpiente salir de ahi Alto, que? Una serpiente aqui? Porque esta esta serpiente aqui, saliendo la casa de mi tio! - Max Preocupado entro al apartamento de su Tio y encuentra muerto pero no lo estaba Tio, - Max Ya se fue? - Eliott Si, estas bien? - Max Asi, no te preocupes, me hice el muerto porque sino me mataria de verdad, - Eliott Ah, Snowball otra vez - Eliott Snowball? Pero tio, quien es el? - Max Aun no te he contado lo que sucedio hace un año - Eliott Que, que paso ahi? - Max Veras, empeze a coaliconar con Los desechados, y los domésticos, para ayudar a los desechados a buscar sus dueños, pero un dia el lider de los desechados murio y a mi me culparon de la muerte, el pacto se rompió y ahora me buscan para matarme, pero creo que me encontro - Eliott Pero tio, que haces con estos grupos? - Max Es otra historia larga para contar, pero sobrino lo que quiero decir es que si sigo liderando a los domésticos, no podre sobrevivir y moriré, - Eliott Luego eliott se levanta ileso Sobrino, Los Domésticos tienen un nuevo lider y eres tu - Eliott Max se sentia muy dudoso de que significaba esto, Ya en la noche en el tejado del apartamento Y es por eso que estoy asi - Max Valla pero que situacion tienes - Gidget Si, pero no se que hacer con el grupo que me dio mi tio - Max Porque no traes la paz en los dos grupos, ya que ellos saben que tu tio esta muerto, deberias empezar otro pacto como tu tio lo hizo - Gidget Es, sierto unire a los dos grupos - Max Si no quieres que te pase lo mismo que tu tio, solo busca la paz y todo se solucionara - Gidget Si, eso es, mañana unire los dos grupos otra vez! - Max En la mañana Oigan Escuchenme - Max Su lider Eliott que es mi tio me heredo este grupo los Domésticos, ahora el lider soy yo - Max Todos lo felicitan, Max sale del callejon y encontra a Rocco pensando que es Snowball Alto, tu - Max Ah, que quieres, no me comas! - Rocco No, tu eres Snowball, y necesito hablar contigo - Max Alto, alto, amigo No soy Snowball, soy Ro... - Rocco siendo interumpido por Max No, no, se que eres tu Snowball, oye soy el sobrino de Eliott... - Max interumpido por Rocco No, no, no soy Snowball, el es mi hermano - Rocco No, dices eso, para no identificarte y huirte, pero no te preocupes no te hare daño - Max Piensa, Rocco, que debo hacer. - Rocco en su mente Ya se. - Rocco en su mente Si, soy Snowball - Rocco Sabia que eras tu, quiero hacer una reunion, reune a los Desechados o como sea que se llamen en la cancha de Basketball, cuando oscuresca, es importante - Max Aah, si, ay, estaremos todos - Rocco Muy bien, le avisare a los Domésticos - Max Y yo a Snowball, digo a los Desechados - Rocco Que demonios dijo? - Rocco Mientras en la guarida de Snowball Jajajajajaja, por fin la venganza se cumplió, ahora Eliott murió, al fin - Snowball Hermano, hermano, no creeras esto, me encontré con el sobrino de Eliott y me dijo... - Rocco interumpido por Snowball Que! Eliott tiene un sobrino?! - Snowball Si, pero no es malo, como sea el creyó que yo eras tu, y no tuve otra opcion mas que pasarte por ti, y me dijo que quiere una reunion importante hoy esta noche y lo acepte - Rocco Que?! Tenias que aceptar eso?! - Snowball Si, ya que no teniamos nada hoy - Rocco Pero, que paso con la celebración de nuestra victoria - Snowball Tranquilo, aparte de la celebracion de victoria, tambien sera esa reunion - Rocco Muy bien, pero pregunte de que sera la reunión - Snowball En seguida, ya regreso - Rocco Mientras en la noche, todos los domésticos llegan a la reunion, afuera de la \"cloaca\" Rocco detiene a Max Alto, - Rocco Se escucha Long Cool Woman in Black dress de The Hollies, pero como musica del fondo del barrio, no de la pelicula. (Iniciando con la guitarra) Hola otra vez, donde estabas? - Max Alto, bueno en realidad no soy Snowball, Soy su hermano Rocco, el es Snowball - Rocco apunta abajo Aah, asi que el es Snowball y Tu eres Rocco - Max ( Saturday night I was down town) Si, asi es, por sierto de que sera la reunión? - Rocco ( Working for the F.B.I.) Sera de una nueva coalición entre ambos bandos, reunificarnos como hace un año - Max Conoces la historia? - Rocco (Sitting in a nest of bad men Whiskey bottles piling high) Mi tio me lo contó, antes de morrir - Max ( Boot legging boozer on the west side ) Si, que pena, pero bueno dejemos en el pasado, sabes no es mala idea recoalicionarnos, Es una buena idea, me acompañas al basurero, tengo que llevar algo, mientras yo te dire como hablar a mi hermano - Rocco ( Guitarra de solo y luego sigue Boot legging boozer on the west side Full of people who are doing wrong) Si, vamos, pero apresuremos - Max (Just about to call up the D.A. man) Luego Max y Rocco se van al basurero y ya en el basurero Eso fue lo primero, lo siguiente es No Escupir, no estar feliz, no estar nervioso, no tartamudear, dejar que el hable mas que tu, no responder cuano no te diga, respetar sus opiniones, no oponer sus opiniones no... waaa! - Rocco siendo secuestrado por uno de la R.A.R.S. Lo tengo, lo tengo! - Edd O no, Rocco alto, sueltelo suletelo - Max defendiendo para que liberara a Rocco Muy bien, es suficiente, ah, largo perro o quieres acompañarme conmigo? - Edd Luego edd se va en su camioneta No, no, no, no puede ser, ahora como le digo, como digo, esto es una situación mala, buscare la forma de decirlo - Max Ya en la entrada Oye, oye, has visto a Snowball? - Max Si, esta al fondo - Tatoo Entra al lugar, mientras en el fondo Estoy listo, espero que ese Max no planee una emboscada aqui - Snowball No, se preocupe jefe todo estara bajo control - Abai Hey, hey, hey, quien eres tu? - Snowball Identificase - Abai Soy Max, tu eres Snowball? - Max A, el es, muy bien, hijo, si yo soy Snowball, vamos a la reunion - Snowball feliz Pero, pero tengo algo importante que decirte - Max Puedes decirlo en la reunión - Snowball Oigan, todos ya esta aqui, podemos iniciar - Snowball Y todos entran ala reunión Jefe, no crees que falta alguien? - Abai No, todos estamos aquí, verdad hermano - Snowball Hermano, Hermano!, alguien vio a mi hermano - Snowball Eso, es lo que quiero decir - Max Que, ? - Snowball Tu hermano, fue secuestrado por un hombre - Max Y todos retroceden Si, era alto, y obeso y venia en un carro negro - Max No, no puede ser - Abai No, no, no, otra mentira, porque tu Max, matastes a mi hermano como venganza de la muerte de tu tio, si no sabes el pasado de estos dos bandos, no sabras nunca - Snowball Que? - Max A, el - Snowball Todos los desechados persiguen a Max mientras se escucha gp & gf reverberi sequence there de Gta london 69 y 61 como musica de fondo de persecucion. Saliendo de la \"cloaca\" luego del callejon de los desechados para matarlo hasta una calle principal de East Village, esta siendo transitado, Max logra cruzar el otro lado mientras que los desechados no Esto aqui no ha terminado Max - Snowball Se corta la musica Corriendo de prisa Max llega al apartamento y entra al de Eliott Max, Max, pero porque corres - Eliott Eliott, Eliott, no creeras que paso, - Max cansado Ahora no sobrino, mis dueños llegaron, explicame eso mañana - Eliott Ag, mi dueña, debe llega, adios tio - Max Adios, sobrino, cielos pero que paso ahi? - Eliott. Cielos, cielos, casi muero, vendra algo mas peor - Max Kate llega al apartamento y Max feliz Uf, al menos todo termino - Max Cuando Kate entra tiene otro perro atras de la puerta Bueno, Max se que esto no es de todos los dias pero el sera tu nuevo amigo, y Max te presento a Duke el sera tu hermano - Kate Luego Max sorprendido esta en la inesperada venida de Duke, se acercaba aunque le gruñia, Tranquilo, tranquilo, no se peleen ya se acostumbraran - Kate Unas horas después Pts, pts, pts, Eliott? - Duke Que?, conoces a mi tio? - Max Que?, tu no eres Eliott - Duke No, no soy su sobrino Max, alto conces a mi tio? - Max Que extraño, te pareces mucho a Eliott, - Duke No, esta algo viejo, pero conces a mi tio? - Max Si, lo conosco, que extraño, y pensando que mi viejo amigo Eliott me desconocia cuando llege - Duke Ah, sabes mi tio vive cerca - Max Que, el vive en Compton - Duke No no, sus dueños se mudaron a aqui - Max Donde vive? - Duke Mañana te demuestro - Max En la mañana Que, Duke, pero que haces aqui, crei que estabas muerto - Eliott Y yo tambien creia que tu estabas muerto - Duke Cielos, No hemos visto desde hace mucho tiempo, creo que ya estas entrando a la vejez como yo, - Eliott Si, sabes ay algo malo de estos bandos aun siguen asi? - Duke Si, seguimos desde lo sucedido - Eliott Que?, Duke vio eso? - Max Si, he visto que un leon atacó a un perro y un conejo y todo el mundo se acercaba al habitad - Duke Pero, no, nadie me creyó, ahora estamos al borde de la muerte - Eliott No, hay una forma - Max Y como? - Eliott Duke, sabe de lo sucedido, porque no le digamos que tenemos un testigo... - Max se detuvo Que, que pasa sobrino? - Eliott Oo, lo olvide, no podemos - Max Que?, que pasa sobrino? - Eliott Bueno, lo de anoche fue un intento de asesinato - Max que? Te van a matar? - Eliott si, solo porque Rocco el hermano de Snowball, fue secuestrado por un hombre que venia en un camion, le intente decir a Snowball de eso, pero no me creyó - Max Ya veo, estas en la misma situación como yo sobrino - Eliott Si, pero al menos puedo limpiar tu nombre que tu nunca matastes a, ese conejo - max Ringo, el se llamaba Ringo - Eliott Pero, como sabe duke de eso? - Max Trabajaba para Ringo en los Desechados, Todos éramos bienvenidos a los desechados, pero cuando Ringo murió en ese mismo dia me atraparon el control de animales, tiempo despues fui apotado - Duke que esperas sobrino, ve tu tambien Duke, vallan y diganle lo sucedido - Eliott Afuera del apartamento donde vive Eliott Alto tenemos que informarle antes, - Max Es sierto pero como - Duke Luego aparece en la cancha de basketball, los mismos 3 Oye Peppi - Max Hola Max, que se te ofrece jefe - Peppi Necesito que me hagas un favor, puedes decir a Snowball una reunion en el callejon de los Domésticos, mañana en la mañana - Max Si, jefe es una mision facil, - Peppi Luego en la cloaca No, no, no puede ser mi hermano muerto, mi padre muerto - Snowball Snowball, un Doméstico me dijo que habra una reunion importante en la cloaca mañana en la mañana - Viper Si, para ser yo el siguiente en morir, o tu, o todos, no no puedo mas, Desde ahora los Domestico seran nuestros peores enemigos - Snowball Pero, jefe estas rechazando algo - Ozono A, ahora que quieres?! - Snowball Es una supuesta reunion importante verdad? - Ozono Si, pero no - Snowball Alto, porque mejor digas un si, pero cuando ellos llegen recibiran su merecido de una vez por todas - Ozono Es sierto, gracias amigo - Snowball Si, dígale que acepto - Snowball Muy bien, reunanse, hoy los domésticos se arrepentiran - Snowball Mientras los Desechados estan hablando a susuros Aceptaron - Peppi Aceptaron? - Max Si, - Peppi Excelente entnces solo es esperar y preparar - Max Ya en la mañana Ya me voy Max, Duke Cuiden la casa, valla se han hecho buenos amigos me alegra por eso, ya me voy - Kate se va Ok, vamos ala junta - Max Muy bien - Duke Max y Duke salen por atras y se van ala reunión Ya en la junta Hola! Hola ! - Max Ay alguien aqui? - Duke Hola - Max Sabia que era una broma - Duke No, alto, Snowball Vaya, pero si son ustedes, bien sigenme - Snowball Luego los lleva al centro cerca de la salida del callejon Y porque estamos aqui? - Max Es por eso, sorpresa - Snowball Empieza una música de suspenso Todos se apartaron y se escondieron dejando a Max y Duke solos entra Edd Mulasky Donde esta ese conejo, ah, no importa ahy dos perros un Jack Russell Terier y un Mestizo dulces sueños - Edd Rocinadoles Manzanilla Luego aparece el aeropuerto de John Kennedy Max y Duke van atras del cajon de un carro ocean, mientras Edd y Timmy, van cantando Bohemian Rhapsody pero el solo de guitarra. Ahh, donde estamos? - Max Luego abren la cajuela de atras del carro Que, estamos en movimiento? - Duke A donde nos llevan? - Max Sera, mejor meter la cabeza - Duke Mientras adelante see a little silhouetto of a man, - Edd Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? - Timmy Thunderbolt and lightning Very, very frightening me - Edd y Timmy Mientras sigue la cancion Ya estamos cera por donde Benni dijo ((Galileo) Galileo (Galileo) Galileo) - Edd Si, vamos - Timmy ( Galileo Figaro Magnifico-o-o-o-o Mientras se escuchaba la cancion Bohemian Rhapsody Max y Duke son rescatados por la C.A.P.O.L Oigan, ogian pths, pths, - Ilay Max y duke abren la cajuela de atras oigan, no se preocupen los sacaremos de aqui - Ilay Quien eres tu? - Max Eso no importa por ahora, solo mantenganse asi -Ilay (I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me He's just a poor boy from a poor family Spare him his life from this monstrosity) Luego el carro via al a derecha y por ahi, corta la canción (Easy come, easy go, will you let me go? Bismillah! No, we will not let you go (let him go!)...) Luego llegan a un escondite secreto en el aeropuerto. Mientras ellos hablan ala vez Jefe, jefe, tenemos mas - Edd Muy bien, ahora preparence, por esto - T-Benni Mientras las mascotas Muy bien, napoleon falso haz una fila de las mascotas rescatadas, Napoleon libera las mascotas, te ayudare - Ilay Alto y que hacemos nosotros? - Max Ustedes quedense ahi - Ilay Luego los lleva por donde esta guardado el avion Edd, Tim les presento la Cumbancha es un avion que llevara las mascotas desde el aeropuerto de Nueva York hasta Kinansa en el Congo Belga, en 15 minutos - T-Benni ah, si, es muy bonito el avion - Timmy Cres, que lo llevaran en 15 minutos? - Timmy No lo creo, - Edd Pues, eso lo veran - T-Benni En el woki toki se escucha la voz de Thur Benni, Benni, estas ahi? - Thur si, estoy aqui, que pasa? - T-Benni En 20 minutos necesito a esas mascotas - Thur Muy bien en 20 minutos vienen, jajajaja las mascotas seran entregadas al Express - T-Benni Si, pero jefe no crees que son muy pesados para volar en 15 muntos al congo belga - Edd No pueden ser pesados, al diablo con esto, entren mascotas, llenen el tanque, entrar los respuestos y instalen un asiento con masaje - T-benni Pero, jefe se termino el combustible, para el repuesto - Timmy No, Tim, no es necesario usar eso, vamos al Congo belga, iremos en la cumbancha, suban - T-Benni Pero, señor - Edd Dije suban - T-Benni amenazando a Edd y Timmy con una pistola Si señor - Edd Mientras tanto las mascotas Vamos vamos, pueden venir en cualquier momento - Ilay Solo faltan 3 - Napoleon mientras Los de la R.A.R.S. T-Benni abre el capo trasero y ve que no hay nada Tim! Edd! Podrian venir en este mismo instante! - T-Benni Si, jefe - Edd Cual es el problema? - Timmy Porque esta vacio - T-Benni Ah, que alto aqui había un Jack Russell Terier y un Mestizo - Edd A si, y donde estan estaran invisibles, hola Donde estan donde - T-Benni Pero, si recuerdo que estaban ellos dos - Timmy Tonterias ahora no pierdan el tiempo y suban las demas mascotas callejeras - T-Benni Mientras tanto en el lugar de las mascotas El ultimo - Napoleon Ah, oye, tu, - Max Que? - ilay Creo que alguien viene - Max Es sierto, muy bien todos vamonos de aqui, avancemos - Ilay Vamonos - Napoleon Edd, Timmy y T-Benni llegan y al doblar por la esquina Aaaaaahhhhh! - Edd, Timmy y T-Benni Donde estan las mascotas - T-Benni Jefe estab vez no es nuestra culpa - Edd Alto pero mire solo movieron el seguro y esta abierto - Timmy No lo se, pero, ahora que haremos con el trato con Thur, no me dio otra opción, cerraremos el trato - T-Benni Que? - Edd si, cerraremos el trato pero abriremos otro trato y aun mejor pero ahora tenemos que buscar esas mascotas callejeras - T-Benni Mientras tanto Ilay, Napoleon, Napoleon Falso y los demas son llevados hasta la oficina de correos Ok, estamos seguros ahora pueden irse amigos, son libres - ilay Y los demas les agradecen y se van Oye, oye, te pareces identico ami - Max Es sierto ilay, solo que tu eres un poco oscuro y algo flaco y el es claro con mas manchas que tu ilay - Napoleon Bueno, puede ser, pero no creo o talvez - Ilay Luego viene james bond en un carro negro Muy bien ilay, napoleon vamonos, alto quien es son ellos dos? - James Ilay, ellos dos son amigos tuyos? - James Ilay le mueve la cabeza feliz dicendo que si, Muy bien, entonces, vaya, nose de donde vienen creo que la R.A.R.S. los secuestraron y los dejaron aqui para ser enviados a un pais de África, o algo asi - James Buenos vamonos - James Todos se suben en el carro negro de James, Oye, adonde vamos? - Max A nuestra guarida de C.A.P.O.L. - Ilay C.A.P.O.L, que significa? - Max Comisión Animal Para la Observancia de la Ley - Napoleon falso Ilay, no te parece identico ustedes dos, lo uni8co es que el otro tiene mas manchas y es algo bajito y es blanco - napoleon Si, tienes razon, aunque no sera posible que... - Ilay dudoso Somos Hermanos - Max Eso, lo sabremos - Napoleon Luego al llegar ala guarida Muy bien, mision cumplida amigos, Otro fracaso para la R.A.R.S. ahora, que hacemos con ellos, alto Ilay, te pareces identico a ese perro, esperen no, no creo que sean, muy bien ustedes dos les haré un examen para ver si son hermanos - James Luego unas horas Los Adn's no mienten . Ustedes dos los considero hermanos, vienen de la misma madre, vaya ilay tu viejo instinto no ha terminado lograstes encontrar a tu hermano despues de mucho tiempo - James Qué, no, no es posible somos hermanos - Ilay Si, es increíble hermano, esta semana me paso cosas increíbles primero me contre con nuestro tio, - Max Tio, tenemls tio pero quie. Es? - Ilay Se llama Eliott, y es una larga historia, pero tambien hoy encuentro a mi hermano, cuando encontrare a nuestros padres? - Max no lo se hermano, - Ilay Ilay, significa que El, para mi es mi, mi, que? - Napoleon El es tu tio - Ilay Siii, tengo un tio, tengo un tio, tengo un tio, donde esta mi tia? - Napoleon Que? - Max e Ilay Si, todos los tios tienen tia - napoleon No, lo se sobrino, aun no tengo - Max Napoleon deja de hacer preguntas y toma esto - ilay le lanzo una luz del borrador de memoria Weeeeehh - Napoleon No te preocupes estara bien, el efecto pasa en 5 minutos - Ilay Ilay mire si, el es su tio y ami que es? - Napoleon falso Bueno también es tu tio, -Ilay A bueno, a proposito, de donde vienes? - Napoleon falso Es sierto hermano de donde vienen? - Ilay Aah, bueno no se exactamente - Max Pero, nos puedes describir algo de tu hogar - Ilay Si, son edificios algo grandes algunos son rojos otros son blancos, hay calles... - Max interumpido por ilay Alto, que tan grande son los edificios? - Ilay Bueno son pequeños que esos de alla - Max Que, extraño, puedes vivir en Westbury? - Ilay Westbury? - Napoelon Westbury? - napoleon falso Que tiene de malo esa ciudad? - Duke Ese lado de la ciudad queda la gran guarida de los RARS ellos son los que secuestraron a ustedes y los intento enviar hasta el África - Ilay Pero que no eran de ese conejito malvado - Duke Si, son de ahi, bueno no tenemos otra opcion que llevarlos a casa, sus dueños pueden estar preocupados - Ilay Eh, vivimos con la misma dueña y trabaja hasta en la noche - Duke Que extraño que dia es hoy? - Ilay Ah, hoy es Viernes - Ilay Viernes que es eso? - Max Son nombres de los dias del calendario, James me entreno - Ilay Vamos a enviarlos hasta Westbury - Napoleon Es sierto, voy a llamar a James - Ilay Ilay va por donde James y lo lleva hasta el mapa con una dardo apuntado a Westbury Que, que ilay, a ver ahi algo importante en donde me llevas. Westbury, si ya se que es la casa de los RARS pero... - James Ilay se acerca a Max y Duke Alto, puede ser, si, si, Buen perro eres Ilay, vamos a Westbury a regresar a ellos dos con sus dueños, - James Luego, James sale con su carro negro (se parece ala FBI) y se van en Westbury, en el carro No se preocupen, ya llegaran a casa antes que su dueña llegue - Ilay Ya cerca de Westbury Oye hermano, gracias por salvarnos de enviarnos a af, ah, aj, - Max África - Ilay Si, gracias hermano - Max Denada hermanito, sabes si la RARS Los atrapan estamos siempre para impedirlos - Ilay Fue un gusto conocerte hermano - Max Luego James se detiene Muy bien llegamos a Westbury! - James Luego todos ven al rededor pero Max se sorprendea un mas. Que? - Max Si, es tu casa hermano - Ilay Que, no aqui no es, que donde vivo no hay mucha tierra, y los edificios están un poco viejos, y sucios - Max Espere un momento, tiene vegetación? - Ilay Si, tiene arboles, arbustos - Max Ah, debistes aberlo dicho antes ese es East Village - Ilay Si, escuchado ese nombre - Duke Genial, venimos aqui para nada, - Napoleon Tendré que decir a James - Ilay Que, alto, oigan aqui es su casa no - James Max y Duke mueven la cabeza diciendo un no Ah, lo siento amigos, no podíamos encontra su hogar, pero no se preocupen pueden ser uno mas para mi, sobre todo tu, ah, - James lee la corea de Max Max, East Village Manhattan..., que, no, ustedes no son de aqui, son de la otra isla, y no sotros no podemos cruzar el puente de Brooklyn, y me imagino que lee la corea de Duke Duke, East Village, Manhattan..., cielos ustedes son del mismo dueño, bueno si lo leiamos antes ya estubiera en camino, pero tenemos prohibido de salir de Long Island, pero bueno, saben aprovechando que estamos aqui, tenemos que derotar ala RARS, Muy bien CAPOL reunion en el carro, - James Todos hacen una reunion en el carro y se funde la imagen Mientras tanto en los apartamentos Gidget va a ver a Max sobre la idea pero al entrar no lo vio Que?, Max! Max! Max! Porque no estara, junto con su amigo, algo no esta bien - Gidget Mientras que los demas afuera estan Pobre de el y murio? - Chloe No no murió solo fingio el muerto - Mel Pero que poblema esta pasando en la familia kuwani, espero que pase pronto - Buddy Oigan, han visto a Max? - Gidget No, el no esta - Buddy No, lo he buscado y no esta - Gidget Y si lo raptaron - Mel Yo se por donde esta Max - Eliott Todos ven a Eliott al fondo del pasillo El, se fue junto con Duke un mestizo gordo, a Declarar paz con Snowball y su bando, pero llevan mucho tiempo desde que se fueron - Eliott Y si esta en problemas - Mel O si paso una junta a una emboscada - Chloe Osi estan muertos - Buddy Mantengan la calma todos, ok, Max y Duke no estan, se fueron mucho tiempo, iremos a buscarlos - Gidget Yo los acompañare, porque mi bando no los encuentro también - Eliott Todos van a buscar a Max, Duke y la banda los Desechados, y se funde la imagen Mientras en la casa de la RARS Si, esta listo. Pero que aroma tan delicioso - T-Benni Si, jefe que es? - Edd Es la nueva salsa que prepare para las salchichas, pero le hace falta un toque - T-Benni T-Benni pone liquido tranquilizante para dormir a la salsa Jajajajajaja - T-Benni Jefe pero que viritio? - Timmy Es un tranquilizante para dormir a las mascotas de una vez, para poder enviarlos sin ningún problema, por eso esta salsa sera inyectada a estas salchichas, para cuando se lo coman dormiran profundo y desperstaran en un nuevo lugar - T-Benni T-Benni en que pais los enviara? - Edd Ya no en el congo belga, ahora en Rodesia de Zimbabwe - T-Benni apuntando a Zimbabwe en el globo teraqueo Y por eso los dormiermos para que nose escapen jajajajaja - T-Benni inyectando una salchicha En la fabrica Factory de Salchichas y ala par esta Don chilo Store atras T-Benni, Edd y Timmy estan cambiando las bolsas de salchichas hechas y poniendo las contaminadas Se que mas de algun perro callejero vendra aqui - T-Benni jefe sera mejor que nos escondamos - Edd Es sierto - T-Benni Ellos se escondieron mientras tanto la CAPOL No se ve nada de enemigos - Ilay No, pero si una fabrica de Salchichas - Max Ilay, quiero comer salchichas - Napoleón No, lo se Napoleón crees que hay alguien? - Ilay No, no lo creo el sol esta en nuestras cabezas y en ese momento todos deben estar almorzando - Max Si, todos menos nosotros - Duke Vamos Ilay, solo una y ya Ilay - Napoleón Muy bien, vamos a comer salchichas pero no se excedan - Ilay Todos entran ala fabrica que esta sola alas 12 pm Que extraño, no se pero tengo un mal presentimiento de esto - Ilay No importa vamos a comer - Napoleón Si, Bond Apetite - Napoleón falso Napoleon falso morido la sachicha y probó el jugo de dormir Que, waaah, pero que asqueroso - Napoleon Falso Que, que pasa Napoleon Falso? - Max Estas salchiccchas... saaaabeeeennn, mmmuuuuuyy. Amaaaaargaaaasss. - napoleon falso y se durmió Napoleon, napoleon hablame! - Ilay Que? - napoleon No a ti, el falso vamos levantate levante - Ilay Alto - Max Que? - Ilay Mira - Max Luego ven que napoleon esta respirando pero esta dormido Esta vivo, pero esta dormido, - Ilay Oigan oigan, no se coman esas salchichas hacen dormir, T-Benni - Ilay Si, de seguro el lo habra hecho - Max Hermano alto! - Ilay Sale Timmy no caso a Max pero si a Napoleon Falso, perfecto ya me voy! - Timmy Alto, suéltelo - Ilay Libere a mi sobrino - Max Timmy se va, pero se desliza por el líquido de la carne Aaahh! - Timmy Max, Ilay, Napoleon y Duke sigen a Timmy para liberar a Napoleon Falso No, no, no, - Timmy Timmy se levanta, y corre luego sube a un elevador industrial hasta ariba No, podemos alcanzarlo - Ilay Jajajaja Tontos, bueno ahora tengo que esperar a que se vallan y me bajo - Timmy Alto, alto, quedemonos aqui - Max Pero hermano, crees que es una buena idea? - Ilay Si, solo mira que pasa - Max Esos animales sigen ahi, cuando se van a ir, quiero bajarme se hace tarde. - Timmy luego ve unos barrotes Al diablo - Timmy se va a las barras por donde camina con cuidado y equilibrio Ooohh, ohhhh, por pocos - Timmy Ya se ladremos - Ilay Todos ladran menos napoleon Ilay, no puedo ladrar - Napoleón entonces maulla - Ilay Mientras ellos ladraban y maullaban Timmy se cae Aaaahhhhh! - Timmy y cae a una caja de pollestireno, Ok, tomemos todas las salchichas posibles y llevanla a la trituradora - Ilay Pero como se enciende eso? - Max Ilay enciende la trituradora y todos tomas todas las salchichas y las envian ala trituradora mientras Timmy Ah, Estos animales solo intentan matarme - Timmy Ahh! Las salchichas - Timmy En el woki toki Timmy timmy, que pasa porque te tardas, timmy - Edd Hola soy yo Edd, si ya se que estoy demorando algo porque los animales estan destruyendo las salchichas! - Timmy Rapido, rapido puede levantarse, Napoelon quita esa bolsa de el - Ilay Muy bien - Napoleon Napoleon le quita facilmente la bolsa a Timmy Aahh, que mas podia pasar mi, bolsa? Mi bolsa? Me lo quitaron, cuando salga de aqui ya verán, auch, aah, no puedo - Timmy Lo tengo -Napoleon Bien hecho sobrino - Max Si, bien hecho - Ilay Gracias por salvarme yo, real - Napoleon falso Muy bien ahora vamonos de aqui - Ilay Bien hecho, todos han cumplido con esta mision que tal estas salchichas como almuerzo - Ilay Al, fin no he comido todo el dia - Duke Si, - Napoleon Bueno bon appetite - Ilay Todos se comieron las salchichas pero Max sentia algo extraño. Que extraño, estas salchichas saben algo Esperen alto, no coman esas... - Max viendo que era demasiado tarde ...salchichas - Max terminando la frace O, no, que hago? Como los despierto? - Max Le saca el borador de memoria de Ilay Veamos a ver que pasaria si hiciera esto - Max Oprime el borador y todos se hacen zombis Ahhh! Auxilio! Unos zombis ! Alto, que pasaria si lo oprimo otra vez - Max Oprime otra vez, y todos se vuelven locos y se desmallan Cielos, eso fue bizarro - Max Luego todos se levantan Ah, que paso - Ilay Si, no siento nada, - Duke Ilay, mire nos despertamos extrañamente - Napoleon No, se que paso pero Max nos saco de esto - Napoleon Falso Hey, hermano que paso? - Ilay Bueno, las salchichas que comieron eran las salchichas de esos ladrones - Max Los de la RARS? - Ilay Si, ellos y lo comieron por error, pero oprimi dos veces el botón de este artefacto y despertaron - Max Wow, felicidades hermano, creo que estas aprendido mucho - Ilay Ilay, no tenemos otra mision? - Napoleon No, pero sera mejor ir a Westbury, tenemos que desacernos de los RARS de una vez por todas - Ilay Miren una furgoneta - Napoleon Era la furgoneta de los RARS Todos suban a la furgoneta - Ilay Todos los de CAPOL suben ala furgoneta y se van junto con los de la RARS hasta que llegan a la guarida Si, creo que aquí es el escondite de la RARS - Ilay Al fin, 5 años despues y encontramos la guarida de la RARS - Napoleon Luego la furgonet se detiene Ok, estas bien? - Edd Si, gracias por vendarme pero creo no poder caminar - Timmy No, te preocupes te sacare una silla de ruedas que esta atras de la furgoneta - Edd O, no, viene para acá - Max Muy bien, todos escondanse que ellos no los vea - Ilay Luego Edd abre la puerta pero por la oscuridad no ve la silla de ruedas Rayos, donde esta esta esta silla de ruedas? - Edd Edd toca la silla de ruedas pero no lo puede halar, Max lo empuja Aqui tienes - Max en susuros Listo, gracias hombre misterioso - Edd normal pero se asombra y se detiene Hombre misterioso!? - Edd Luego Edd intenta abrir las dos puertas de la furgoneta pero solo 1 se puede porque la otra esta con una llave mientras la CAPOL ocultandose al lado donde la puerta no se abre No, se puede, alo mejor creo que estaba cerca - Edd y Edd cierra la puerta Fiu - Napoleon Estubo cerca - Max No, hay tiempo, tenemos que salir antes que coloque la llave - Ilay Todos salen de un solo golpe y cuando se detiene Edd los vio, Corran! - Naloleon Falso Todos corren mientras Edd los sigue Con razón, ustedes son, los atrapare para enviarlos a nose donde - Edd Hacen una persecución al rededor del parqueo de la guarida de los RARS hasta que Alto, que pasaria si le hago esto? - Max Alto noo - Ilay Max oprime el botón del borrador de memorias y Edd se convierte en un Zombie Weeeeehhhh - Edd Aaaaa - Todos Ahora que hago?! - Max No, lo se tu nos curastes de esto - ilay Ok, esto es lo que vamos hacer, todos corran atras de la furgoneta, yo haré que me siga hasta la entrada, para revertirle y luegose sentira confuso y decide entrar - Max Buena idea hermanito - Ilay Luego todos se esconden atras de la furgoneta excepto Max que hace seguir a Edd hasta la puerta, luego oprime el boton de borrar otra vez y Edd se vuelve loco y se desmalla pero antes de tocar al suelo se sostiene con la parde y reacciona Ah, ah, que, que, que paso, que estaba, - Edd Luego Edd se siente normal, Creo debo ir adentro el aire libre me da mareos - Edd Jajajajajaja - Todos Bien hecho hermanito, creo que nos puede ayudarnos - Ilay Ahora que sigue? - Duke Tenemos que espiarlos que traman - Ilay Mientras tanto adentro Al, fin Edd donde estabas? - T-Benni Si, demorastes mucho - Timmy en silla de rueda Creo que estube dormido - Edd Muy bien, ya descansates ahora, a trabajar, escucha - T-Benni He cambiado el rumbo de un tren que era del Departamento de Control animal de Nueva York, ellos han atrapado centenares de mascotas sin dueño, con rumbo hasta el departamento central de Queens de control de animales, pero cambie el rumbo hasta el aeropuerto de Nueva York, para luego ser enviados a Zimbabwe - T-Benni es una grandiosa idea que no nos puede fallar - Timmy Mientras tanto afuera Duke es montado por napoleon falso, y napoleon falso escucha la platica Que dicen? - Max Escucho, que un tren de control de animales pero el los ha,ha, ha, no se esa palabra se dirige al aeropuerto de Nueva York para enviarlos a Zimbabwe - Napoleon falso Muy bien, todos tenemos que ir a la estacion de metro de Westbury - Ilay Luego lleganen una furgoneta de FedEx Ya yegamos - Max Rapido antes que ellos nos vean - Ilay Todos entran a la estación de metro Muy bien, esto sera imposible de evitarlo alguna idea? - Ilay Pongamos una de esas cosas que explotan y salen fuego - Max No, hermanito, no tenemos explosivos - Ilay Pero, si, creamos uno solo necesitamos polvora, combustible y fuego - Duke Muy bien, Napoleon, Napoleon Falso encuentren el fuego - Ilay Muy bien - Napoleon y Napoleon Falso Max, Duke encuentren el combustible - Ilay Muy bien - Max y Duke Yo, ire por la polvora, nos reunimos en 5 minutos - Ilay Primero sale, Ilay revisando las cajas de FedEx y encuentra un bolsa negra con arena negra, Ilay se lo lleva, luego se ve Napoleon y Napoleon Falso ven a una persona guardar su encendedor en su mochila, por donde ponen botellas, y Napoleon y Napoleon Falso lo sacaron mientras que Max y Duke ven un carro que esta siendo reparado y se roban el combustible, ya todos reunidos Ok. Es hora de unirlos, aver Duke que hacer primero? - Ilay Bueno, coloque el combustible aqui - Duke Ilay lo coloca en medio de la via acostado Vierten la pólvora al rededor de el, pero el punto de inicio es cerca de las vias, y el punto final tocando el combustible - Duke Ilay pone el punto de inicio en la acera del Metro, mientras que el punto final es en el combustible Ahora, Tenemos que encender eso - Duke Que?, en serio, hermano un encendedor, es difícil de encenderlo - Ilay Ilay creo poder hacerlo con mis garras - Napoleon Ok, Napoleon pero con cuidado - Ilay Napoleon con fuerzas enciende el encendedor Siii - Todos Ilay cuando? - Napoleon Miren hay viene el tren - Napoleon Falso Espere, explotara antes - Ilay El tren se acercaba a la estacion del metro Casi, ahora! - Ilay Napoleon lo empuja y cae, encnediendo la polvora siguiendo el camino, cuando exactamente el tren tiene abajo el combustible, el fuego de la polvora llega y Explota y el tren tuvo fallas y se detuvo por si solo Siiii! - Todos Ahora a rescatar - Ilay Todos incluyendo las mascotas que estan adentro del tren, empujaron la puerta y lograron abrir y salir Bien hecho, todos fueron rescatados - Ilay Si, - Max Ey, Max, Max, que haces aqui - Rocco Que?, Rocco, pero, crei que estabas muerto - Max No, esperen que paso, quien es son ellos, no son de la Mafia doméstico o si? - Rocco Mafia que, hermano estas en una mafia? - Ilay Que, el es tu hermano? - Rocco Ilay que es una mafia? - Napoleon Miran, se lo explicare en el camino - Max si, necesitamos vencer a la RARS de una vez por todas - Ilay Todos los de la CAPOL y Rocco se van del metro mientras al fondo explota el tren Alto, creo Qué ese bus puede ir a Westbury - Ilay Si, creo que no hay nadie - Napoleon Alto, soy pequeño y puedo ir a ver - Rocco Muy bien suerte - Ilay Rocco entra en la puerta trasera de un Bus Mercedes Benz citaro de 2010 y ve que no hay nadie No hay nadie suban - Rocco Rapido, puede irse - Napoleon Todos estan arriba cuando las puertas se cierran y el bus empieza a movilizarse Hermano, recuerdas al tio que te dije - Max Si, es nuestro tio? - Ilay Si, y el era el lider de ese bando, Los Domésticos antes se unieron con los Desechados para que los desechados tengan dueño y podrian tener mas oportunidad de vida, hasta que... - Max Hasta, que Ringo El padre de Snowball - Duke Y mi padre - Rocco Fue asesinado, pero todos culparon a Eliott - Duke Si, y ambos bandos se separaron y empezaron una rivalidad, dias antes, nuestro tio iba ser atacado por una serpiente, el casi muere, pero fingió el muerto, pero ya no podia liderar el bando y me lo heredó ahora soy el lider la mafia los domésticos, he intentado buscar la paz, pero es dificil de encontrar, ya que Rocco fue secuestrado por uno de la RARS Aunque no sabia quien era, lo intente decir a Snowball y el no me creyó, y empezo otra vez las rivalidades, hasta por una junta, pero solo era una trampa, yo y Duke nos secuestraron y aparecimos aquí en medio de la nada, pero este es Long Island - Max Hermano, pero me hubieras dicho al principio, te hubieramos enviado a Manhattan - Ilay Si, pero creo que no es necesario, no soy un lider, y porque deberian pelear, - Max Si, pero... - Ilay Saben que, no iremos de aquí, hasta ver caido a la RARS, ellos secuestraron a Rocco y empezó la rivalidades otra vez, no quiero que pase otra vez - Max Es, sierto, ademas pueden enviarnos a ese lugar con exito y nos puede atrapar con exito - Duke Si, vamos ilay, pateemos esos traseros polizóntes de una vez -Napoleon Ok, ok, este sera el fin de la RARS - Ilay Luego aparece el bus, parqueado, mientras ellos abren las puertas y se bajan Que buena noticia, estamos cerca de la guardia de la RARS - Ilay Asi, es pero pronto desaparecera - Max Fondo de musica de espias Luego, espían el lugar ok, este es el plan - Max Todos se reunian y escuchaban el plan a susuros Mientras tanto, se escuchaba de musica Para Elisa - Beethoven en piano, Que extraño, nunca resivimos la llamda que el tren deberia estar en el aeropuerto - Timmy mientras sirve cafe a Edd No, no, han cambiado de ruta o el tren se detuvo, algun idiota debio hacer esto, para que el tren nunca llege a su destino, que yo lo coloque! - T-Benni Edd, crema o azucar? - Timmy Crema, por favor - Edd T-Benni se sienta, Pero este plan nunca fallara, este es muy extremo, pero tengo que hacerlo, en el medio tiempo del partido de fútbol Estados Unidos contra Brasil, cerraremos las transmisiónes de los sistemas de microondas que tienen para transmitir la television de Nueva York, lo cortaremos y todo los habitantes de Nueva York, escucharan la advertencia sobre nosotros, y nuestro significado, el medio tiempo sera en 15 minutos - T-Benni Es increíble, pero eso pasa, - Edd Si, mejor encenderemos la Televisión para ver - Timmy Y se corta la musica. En la television se ve el partido en el minuto 30 con el marcador de Brasil 0 Estados Unidos 0 Estan empatados - Edd Si, no puedo creerlo - Timmy Jajaja, si, creo que no veran la segunda mitad del partido - T-Benni Luego entra Napoleon y destruye la ventana Que demonios - Edd Estoy, cansado, - T-Benni Y va con un martillo de construcción Ve acá gato - T-benni Mientras se escucha la canción de suspenso de los Minions o de Mi Villano favorito Ahora Napoleon - Ilay Todos los demas entran y destrullen las ventanas Maldicion, son varios, Edd, Tim, tomen un arma y acaben los - T-benni Luego Edd toma un bate y Timmy una cuchara, Napoleon sube por la mesa, T-Benni rompe el florero, Napoleon baja por el sillon, y sube por un mueble de libros. Mientras que T-Benni, rompe retratos, cosas de vidrio y provan una destruccion, lo mismo con Edd y Timmy, intentando golpear a Ilay, Napoleon falso, Max y Duke Escabullendo subiendo en sofas, muebles, mesas y rompiendo cosas de frágiles, hasta que Napoleon falso sube ala television debido a que el televisor esta colgado, T-Benni golpea la pantalla de la Television y se rompe, todo restros de vidrios y cristales rotos permanecen en el suelo de la sala, mientras Ilay y Max Rapido pueden venir - Max Tranquilo hermano, necesito saber cual de todas las teclas es, - Ilay E ilay ve concentradamente para desifrar pero aparece timmy Ajaaa, los tengo - Timmy Timmy con su bate, intento golpear a Ilay, pero Max lo empujó y golpeo ala computadora Diablos, y donde estan - Timmy Mientras que Max oprimio el Boton ESC Se cancelo la operación Ah, como hiso eso - Timmy Max, e Ilay asustan a Timmy y Timmy corre No, hay tiempo debemos tomar cambios Luego Max e Ilay, relevan a Napoleon, Napoleon Falso y Duke, Napoleon, descolga el telefono Ok, cual es el numero de la policia - Napoleon Ah, creo que ya se el 911 - Duke Cual de todos es? - Napoleon Y Napoleon falso, oprime el 9, 1, y el 1. Y marca Buenas tardes, central de policia de Brooklyn - Oficial Mientras los policias escuchan el problema, Duke, Napoleon y Napoleon Falso regresaron a problema, Creo que deberiamos ir - Otro oficial Por favor, lo localiza esa casa - oficial Con objetos quebarados, golpes y desastres. Mientras que Max, va por la cocina, se desliza por que el piso estaba mojado y Edd lo tenia Te matare perro zoquete - Edd Max, se aparta y Edd rompe la tubería de Gas y empieza a escapar el gas y a oler, expandiendo por toda la casa, Maldicion - Edd Eso, no importa T-Benni y los han capturado a todos, en una jaula todos estan encerrado Ahora si nos dehaceremos luego, pero por ahora solo quedan 2 minutos, Edd regresastres apreparar la transmisión - T-Benni Si, estara en 1 minuto - Edd Qué, pero cerramos la sesión como es posible? - Max Creo que puede por el satélite que esta ariba, si lo destruimos ellos pierden la señal, pero no podemos estamos encerados, que llego el fin - Ilay Luego, Duke tiene una memoria Usb, que James lo dio Pero, si no dañamos el satelite, la computadora si, oigan James me dio esta cosa - Duke Es una USB con virus para fallar el funcionamiento de la computadora - Napoleon Eso, y si lo colocamos la computadora - Duke Rompera el sistema - Ilay Ok, Hermano estas cerca de la computadora, coloque esto - Ilay Max, intentando entrar No, entra - Max La otra vuelta? - Duke Max lo hace con la otra cara y esta entro a la computadora Si - todos Luego en el pantalla de la computadora sale el pantallazo azu y vieo T-Benni. Que?! - T-Benni No, no puede ser sufrio de pantallazo azul, ustedes son unos demonios - T-Benni Y napoleón suelta de la jaula yse liberan, luego T-Benni, Edd y Timmy, los sigue Max, tenemos que irnos afuera, - Napolen Luego, todo se fueron a fuera Matenlos, los matare a todos - T-Benni Te tengo, - Edd y Timmy atrapo a Duke Jajaaja, que haremos con el, jefe? - Edd Porque mejor lo hacemos para que se sienta como en el infierno, T-Benni enciende su encendedor, para quemar a Duke, pero Max lo evita saltando y de una patada el encendedor sale volando encendio el fuego, hasta la casa y cuando entra EXPLOTA! toda la casa de la RARS (mientras se escucha la musica de Beethoven novena simfonia cuarto momento ) Nooooo! - Edd, Timmy y T-Benni Nuestras cosas se perdieron - Edd En un helicóptero llega James Suban, tenemos que irnos - James Todos se suben, mientras que Max se decidio subir en el Helicóptero de por último pero T-Benni lo atrapo, aun no termina estooo,o ooooooo! - T-Benni porque esta volando Max, no te sueltes - Ilay Debo alejarme - Max Pero aun asi, te tengo, ajajajaja, o no, pero como estamos volando, me sujetaras - T-Benni No, puede hacer eso, si lo hace romperá su pata y no tendra - Napolon Es sierto - ilay, Luego ilay hagara el paracaidas y lo lanza Max, sueltate! Ahi esta el paracaidas - Ilay Estas seguro! - Max Si,- Ilay Y Max se suelta Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa - Max y T-Benni Eres un perro estupido, porque te soltatstes, vamos a morir, ah, un para caidas - T-Benni Se lo pone y justo a tiempo lo abre mientras cae al aeropuerto de Brooklyn y se ve un letrero donde dice: San Remo City por solo $599 dolares. Max y T-Benni caen adentro del aeropuerto Ah, ah, ha, ahaaaaaa - T-Benni Y caen a suelo Ah, si, logre estoy en tierra firme - T-Benni Luego en un carro Jefe, estas bien? - Edd Si, creí que moririas - Timmy Si, eso lo sabia, ahora, donde se fue el Jack Russell Terier? - T-Benni Luego llega la policía y los detiene Alto, policia de Nueva York, Quedan bajo a resto por maltrato animal, venta de animales al exterior, y extorsión y robó - Oficial Luego sale T-Benni, Edd y Timmy arestados Algun dia, me las pagaran - T-Benni Callate - Oficial Jajajajajaja - Todos Cielos, nunca lo habriamos logrado sin la ayuda de ustedes - Ilay Si, Max y Duke pueden de todo ahora, tienen habilidades y estrategias - Napoleon Si, gracias sobrino, - Max Eh, hermano, tengo una pregunta que hacerles, les gustaria trabajar para la CAPOL y tener un puesto en San Remo? - Ilay Que?! San Remo?! - Max Si, en San Remo, Italia, pueden trabajar ahí, tendran derechos y restricciónes, pero que les parece - Ilay Gracias, hermano, pero mejor queremos ir a casa, con nuestra dueña Kate - Max Si, la extrañamos al igual que nuestro dulce hogar - Duke Ok. Ok. No de preocupen, se cierra el trato, pero bueno gracias por habrerlos derrotado ala RARS - Ilay Si, solo queria que los demas animales callejeros o las mascotas no sean secuestrados y enviados a Africa - Max Bueno, los llevaremos a Casa - Ilay Ya en el puente de Brooklyn Bueno, hermano, hasta aqui, llegamos - Ilay No, pueden cruzar? - Duke No, no tenemos derecho de cruzar el puente de Brooklyn o salir de Long Island - Ilay Si, una vez estando en esa tierra no se puede salir, se consideraria como un abandono de mision o traición, por eso no podemos - Napoleon Si, pero no se puede salir de niguna manera? - Max Lo siento hermano, pero hasta aqui llegamos, no podemos avanzar mas - Ilay no te preocupes, nosotros te veremos de aquí - Napoleón Falso Gracias hermano, cuida a mi sobrino, sobrino portate bien con tu figura paterna, napoleon falso educa a mi sobrino, gracias a todos - Max Si, muchas gracias señor kuwani - Duke Adios - Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon falso Mientras Max y Duke caminaban Ilay cuando el tendra hijos? - Napoleon E ilay le oprime el borrador de memorias y napoleon se covierte en un zombi Weeeeeehhhh - Napoleon Jajajaja, de vuelta todo a la normalidad - Ilay Mientras que pocas cuadras Llegó todo la normalidad - Duke solo tenemos que volver a casa, aunque despues de todo esto de la RARS y la CAPOL no recuerdo que tenia un nudo o un problema - Max Creo que ya se lo que hablas - Duke Ahora lo recuerdo, pero que esta pasando ahi? - Max Ven a la Mafia domestica y la mafia desechada en medio del puente, con bloqueos para una pelea Sabes Snowball esto teníamos que hacerlo en Compton y no aquí - Eliott Asi es, he esperado toda mi vida, desde la muerte de mi padre y por fin el dia ha llegado - Snowball Esto es Banda contra banda! - Eliott Hay problemas - Max De seguro es del mal entendido de mi desaparicion - Rocco Si, y por la muerte de tu padre - Duke Tenemos que ir a evitarlo antes de que se forma una emboscada - Max Mientras al fondo del puente Ilay mire esos perros, gatos, conejos, zorros, cerdos, cocodrilos, monstruos van a pelear y ahí van mi tio, Duke y Rocco - Napoleon Ya los voy a... que?! - Ilay Donde? - Ilay En el puente - Napoleon Pero hermano no podemos pasar recuerda es la regla principal de la CAPOL - napoleon falso Pero nuestro tio, es un peligro - Napoleon No te preocupes no creo que sea de la tonta historia de Compton - napoleon falso Mientras Ilay pensaba ellos hablaban alto! - Ilay Eso seria esa pelea, creo los desechados se enfrantaran a los domésticos - Ilay Y que hacemos ilay? - Napoleon Pasar la frontera - Ilay No se preocupen no ha daño, creo - Ilay Ilay levanta su pata y lentamente la baja con nervio y preocupacion hasta que toco tierra del puente Jaja, lo ven no hace nada, solo es calle - ilay Lo mismo hisieron Napoleon y napoleon falso Si es sierto -Napoleon Vamos a evitar esa pelea - Napoleon falso Asi, es, hermano espera - ilay Alto, alto no peleen, ah, que hacen aquí? - Max Venimos a rescarte a ti a Duke - Mel Oigan, no debieron venir es... - Max Tranquilo ellos vienen conmigo - Eliott Hermano! No te preocupes la CAPOL resolvera sus ordenes - Ilay Tiene - Chloe Un - Mel Hermano? - Gidget Si, rindete adorable conejito - Napolon Ahora ya resolvieron sus asuntos para resolver los nustros de Banda en banda - Snowball Hermano, porque estas lideran asi, la banda de nustro padre - Rocco Para matar a Eliott y a los domésticos - Snowball Ah! Hermano, pero que alegria de verte, alto, donde estabas que te hizo ese perro sarnoso - Snowball Alto! No! - Rocco Sarnoso, sarnoso, le dices sarnoso a mi sobrino - Eliott Si, a mi hermano - Ilay Y mi mejor amigo! - Gidget No me obligen a pelear... - Snowball interumpido por Rocco Alto hermano, soy yo Rocco, tu hermano estoy vivo, escucha, fui secuestrado por un hombre, Max, Duke, Ilay y los dos napoleones me dijeron que era un integrante de la RARS. pero dias en cautiverio y escuche que su lider, T-Benni Nos enviaria al Congo Belga, - Rocco Donde queda el congo belga? - Snowball Africa, muy lejos de aquí, por suerte pude escapar, pero me atraparon otra vez y esta vez hiba siendo enviado por un tren que llevaria al aeropuerto para enviarme a Zimbabwe, Africa, pero ellos detonaron las vias para que el tre detuviera y me salvaron junto con una desena de mascotas mas. - Rocco Osea que, - Snowball Si, ellos no son malos, ellos me salvaron - Rocco Snowball se alegra pero se regresa a enojar Eso, aun no aregla por la muerte de nustro padre, ahora Desechados! - Snowball Alto! Tengo algo que decir - Duke Duke pero que haces aquí? - Snowball Vi como tu padre, murio fue atacado por un león, en un habitad Eliott solo quería defenderlo pero no pudo era demasiado tarde - Duke Otro que cree en esa mentira - Snowball No, es verdad ademas he visto en periodicos de lo sucedido esto impacto a todo Los Angeles, las telenovelas han parodiado la muerte de tu padre, porque era una noticia que no podia escapar de nadie- Duke Es sierto tios, recuerdo una vez que estaba en la casa de mis dueños, era de noche y ellos siempre veian las noticias, y vi esa noticia de un leon ataca a un conejo, escuche que fue entrevistado el parqueano y otros empleados del zoológico - Peppi Creo, creo, que me he pasado mucho - Snowball Como lo lamento, todo fue un desastre todo por la muerte de mi padre - Snowball No te preocupes, Yo tenia razón el leon lo mato, yo solo lo intentava defenderlo - Eliott Saben que, porque nos tengamos un acuerdo con ambos bandos, - Max Todos aceptando el acuerdo, Desde ahora los Domesticos y los Desechados nos regresamos a unir - Eliott Todos los Domesticos y Desechados, felices Esta vez, nos escucharemos antes de hacer algo - Max Exacto - Snowball Luego Max va con Ilay y napoleon Hermano gracias por atreverte a salir del puente - Max No te preocupes, Los Kuwanis siempre estaremos aqui unidos - Ilay Ilay, que son bandos quieron crear uno - Napoleon Ilay, puedo crear un bando, puedo ? - Napoleon Ilay le oprime el boton del borador de memorias y le borra la memoria a napolon Weeeeeeehhh - Napoleon Napoleon falso, cuidate - Max No te preocues tio, estare junto con Ilay - Napoleon Falso Napoleon, cuidate y escucha a Ilay - Max Si, adiós tios, nos veremos pronto - Napoleon Bueno, hermano creo que nos iremos a Isla Larga (Long Island) Adiós hermano fue un gusto de conocerte - Ilay Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon flaso se van a Brooklyn Adios, los visitaremos pronto - Max Adios, les enviaremos postales - Napoleon Ves sobrino, hubo una solución a esto - Eliott Pero, es tarde, aun tenemos que ir a casa - Duke Si, es sierto pero aun no sabemos donde queda - Max Los encontre, de seguro que no saben el lugar, pero Ilay me indicio el mapa y es Aldea del Este suban y los llevo allá - James Bond Todos los animales y mascotas suben en un Taxi Low rider y suena la cancion Low Rider mientras James sube y baja el Taxi Low Rider (All my friends know The Low Rider) (The Low Rider is the litlle higher) (Low Rider drivers a little slower) (Low Rider is a real goer) Luego el Taxi se detiene en la acera Creo que se descompuso o tiene un fallo, pero en fin hemos llegado por favor bajense del Taxi James Bond Servicios, - James O no ono, espero que este bien - James preocupado por el Taxi Todos los animales y mascotas se bajan del taxi Max detiene a Gidget Ey, ey, - Max Hola Max - Gidget Si, Hola solo debo.. - Max Mira, haz pasado en toda tu vida con alguien, pero tu no lo aprecias hasta que, atreve a buscarlo y ayudarlo con problemas, lo que, yo, lo que Yo, quiero decir... serias mi... - Max pero es interumpido por Gidget que emocionadamente lo abraza y lo lame Entiendo lo que dices, si acepto, pero me tengo que ir, nos vemos pronto - Gidget Bye Gidget - Max Hey, sobrino ven acá - Eliott Max se acerca a su tio Eliott, Felicidades, has hecho como tu padre lo hizo - Eliott Mi, padre? - Max Si, tu padre, pero vive en otro lugar que estan bien, como sea sobrino, me tengo que irme me ire a Miami! - Eliott Miami? - Max Si, la cosa del caribe, el ambiente ochentero todo ahi en florida - Eliott Pero como - Max Han desempacado e iremos de aqui - Eliott Pero que pasara con... - Max No te preocupes hemos hecho una coalición - Eliott Esta vez escucharemos unos a los otros - Snowball Exacto hermano - Rocco En la pasada pasa una madre con una hija Ah, no puede ser dos conejitos, conejitos, puedo llevarlos, madre, no tienen hogar, puedo, puedo? - Molly Jajaja, creo que les llego la hora - Eliott Aaaaaaaaaa, - Snowball y Rocco Apenas he salido de un tren - Rocco Luego Molly los atrapa Lindos conejitos, lindos, los voy a adoptar - Molly Aaaa, alto, es agradable - Snowball Si, y es amigable - Rocco Si, hemos salvado dos vidas - Madre Jajajajajajajjajaja - Max, Duke, y Eliott Adios Snowball y Rocco - Eliott Bueno, creo que tu te encargaras de esto - Eliott Yo, pero... - Max Oye, al principio no sabia de estas cosas, pero ahora lo sabes sobrino - Eliott Max pienza y responde Tienes razón tio, no te preocupes esta coalición estara liderada por mi y por Snowball y Rocco - Max Eso es sobrino - Eliott Bueno, fue un gusto conocerte tio - Max No te preocupes estare bien en Miami, cuidate sobrino y a tu hermano le mando saludos - Eliott Adios - Max Bueno llego la hora de ir a casa - Duke Si, vamonos - Max Luego sale alejando un camión por donde esta Eliott, y sus dueños, mientras las demas mascotas metiendose en cada casa y fundiendo la imagen con un final feliz Empieza la cancion de N.W.A. ALWAYZ INTO SOMETHING CLEAN mientras inicia los creditos, pero los creditos salen en un lado y aparece una pantallanpor donde aparece un pequeño corto, aparece Ilay, Napoleon, Napoleon falso, Max y Duke presentando a Napolinicin Max, Duke el es Napolinicin viene de Italia - Ilay Hola bambinos - Napolincin Es italiano? - Duke Claro que si, ahora les hare una prueba a todos en una misión deberán, ir a traer un paquete que esta en una caja fuerte en el último piso de ese edificio - Napolinicin con asento italiano Pan comido - Max Todos suben a un elevador que usan los limpia ventanas, luego llegan al ultimo piso, pero por una trampa que oprimio napoleón fueron enviados afuera. regresan pero entrar al edificio dentro de unas maletas de unos empleados, luego todos son sacados de ahi, porque los descubrio, Luego de otros créditos, luego otra vez en el elevador del limpia ventanas, pasan por el techo, y luego entran a una zona de maxima seguridad Muy bien, hay que pasar con cuidado - Ilay Muy bien - Napolieon y oprime un boton y afuera del edificio se ve una explosión, entregando el paquete a Napolincin, pero todos estaban quemados, Muy bien, - Napolinicin Y es una pizza pequeña todos se lo querian comer pero Napolinicin se lo comio y todos enojados Ya se que hacer - Max Lurego en una catapulta Napolinicin Aaaah, que hacen - Napolinicin Llevando a casa - Max Luego lanzan a Napolinicin y cae en un avion que va para Italia y al final dice No se preocupen estoy bien, cai en unas uvas - Napolinicin Luego termina con los demas creditos Y la canción de Low Rider Al final sale el logo de Sony y Columbia ","Summary":" NOMBRE: La vida secreta de las mascotas. La vida secreta de las mascotas (Latinoamérica) La vida se"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"An New Pet That They've Never Met","Author":"Pricat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12337269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N So I've been wanting to write a Secret Life of Pets story, after seeing the movie over Christmas break, and talking to Summerkitty004, I decided to. On this story, an new pet moves into the apartment building that is shy, but Mac, Duke and their friends can help her. I hope, that people like, such as Summykitty004 enjoy \"Whoa, what's all the excitement about, did the squirrels take over the apartment building?\" Mel asked, making Max, Duke and their friends give him a weird look, as it looked like somebody new was moving into the building and had a pet! \"I wonder what kind of pet they have, maybe a dog, or a cat, or a hawk?\" Gidget wondered. \"Well, let's go meet it, if the owner's not aroubd, right?\" Buddy said seeing them agree, only Max wanted to give the new pet time, to settle into things here before they tried befriending it. \"I think I know what it is, hehe.\" Tiberiys said, making them curious. \"This new pet, it's not anything dangerous, right?\" Duke asked. \"Well if it helps, it is a bird of prey.\" Tiberius said, suppressing a chuckle. Gidget was excited after hearing Tiberius's clue, since she hoped it was a hawk, like Tiberius but they had to go, as their owners woukd be home soon, so they woukd have to wait until tomorrow, to meet this new pet. That evening, Tiberius peeked into the window o the new pet's apartment, seeing an eagle with soft feathers from what he saw, hearing it's owner talking to it, but excited there was another bird of prey in the apartment building hoping Max and the others woukdn't freak out, like when they met him sighing. \"I shoukd leave them alone, for now, since the others and I can talk to it, in the morning.\" he said. The next morning, Max and the gang were hanging out, seeing an eagle there, making them impressed and worried, seeing Tiberius chuckle hoping his friends woukdn't freak so much, seeing an eagle there. \"Hey there, it's alright but what's your name?\" Gidget told her. \"M-Mara, my owner is starting college and we just got here yesterday.\" the female eagle said, looking at her feet. Duke and Max coukd sense Mara was a good eagle, like how Gidget coukd see Tiberius was a good hawk, after first meeting him making their friends get it, hoping they coukd make her feel welcome, seeing Mara curious at them, because at her old home she didn't have many friends making Max curious. \"Just be yourself, Mara, but good there's another girl in the group.\" said, seeing Gidget agree. \"S-Sorry, I find it hard, to talk to new pets.\" Mara said, making them get it. Duke go it, like how when he first came to be part of the group, it had led to one big adventure so maybe it might happen again making Max sigh, and Gidget giggle because Max knew how she felt about him, plus even Tiberiys had a girlfriend in a female falcon, so with this group, adventures were bound to happen. \"I-I guess, I can try, you know?\" Mara said, stuttering a little[Chapter 2] A/N Here's more, but thanks to Summerkitty004 for reviewing and hope she likes, as she did inspire me. So in this chapter, Mara is pretty shy around the otner pets but a comment from Chloe upsets the Chibby eagle female and sends the gang on an adventure through the apartment building to find her, before her and their owners come home. Mara was exploring the apartment building later that afternoon, as she wasn't used to being somewhere new and it took the chubby female eagle a bit, to get used to things here but hoped her owner was alright making Max curious because they liked having adventures, fun or mischief when their owners were gone making Tiberius sigh guessing why the heck, Mara was so worried about her owner. \"Some birds imprint, or bond with humans too long, they lose desire to be with their own species.\" he told them. \"Oh, but maybe we can help her not be so clingy, towards her owner.\" Duke heard Chloe say. \"But I like Nat, she's been my friend for as long as I can remember!\" Mara said. Duke and Max got it, as they were very attached to Katy so guessed how Mara felt, seeing her go off by herself, guessing that the female eagle had been upset about the idea of learning to not be aroubd with her owner so much. \"We need to go fibd her, before her owner gets back or she'll be upset.\" Gidget told them. They were splitting up and searching the apartment building, but Gidget foubd her on the roof, where Tiberius and his girlfriend hung out, making Mara surprised they'd foubd her. \"You shouldn't let what Chloe says get to you, but we love our owners so it's alright, if you wanna be aroubd Nat.\" Gidget told her. \"I guess, but I'm just needing time to get adjusted to things here, like your little group.\" Mara said, going to her owner's apartment. \"You found her, and you let her leave?\" Max asked, seeing Gidget nod. \"She was shy, and thinks she won't fit into our group.\" Gidget said. \"Tnat's notbtrue, as Tinerius is a hawk, and he's part of our group.\" Budfy said. It was later that afternoon, when Max, Duke and the others met up, but relieved that Mara was alright, guessing they needed a more tactful approach, to welcoming her, plus there was a party later at Pop's apartment which the group were going to, once their owners were asleep for the night, guessing maybe Mara would want to come \"That won't work, if she's too shy to talk to us, how woukd she enjoy being there?\" Chloe asked. \"Well, she is becoming friends with Gidget, so maybe she can get her to come, right?\" Max said. \"Let me try, alright?\" Gidget said[Chapter 3] A/N Here's more of the story, but thanks to those that reviewed. So in this chapter, Mara decides to Gl to the party at Pop's and parties hard much to the surprise of the others, and maybe Mara's owner can help. Mara was in Nat's apartment, waiting for her owner to get home and heard knocking on the door, making her excited but saw a female with glasses, wearing a hooded top, with jeans and shoes giggling feeling Mara nuzzle her leg. \"Hey Mara, I guess you had an intresting day?\" Nat told her. Mara was grinning, nuzzling her hoping the pets in the apartment building were alright, but saw a flyer for some party at a place called Pops, making \"I am unsure, about this, as I just wanna hang out with Nat, plus she loojs sleepy, like she can use eagle cuddles to help soothe her seeing Nat ordering takeout, making the chubby female eagle happy, unaware Tiberius and his friends were watching through the window. \"I still don't think, that she's gonna come, Gidget.\" Chloe told her. \"Just wait and see, alright?\" Max said, unaware that Mara had seen, wondering what the heck they were doing, watching her and Nat opening the window using her finger claws to open the window. \"We were just curious, about you, and your owner, since you seem really close.\" Duke said. \"Yeah, Nat and I are very close, since the day we met, or she found my egg.\" Mara told them, looking away. They were curious about what she just said, but hearing the doorbell made Mara excited, since the food was here but Gidget hoped that Mara would make it to Pops. Mara sighed after Nat had fallen asleep on the couch, deciding to maybe go check this so called party out, just for a little bit nuzzling her owner's shoulder before leaving the apartment flying to where Pops's lived in the building, surprising everybody including Max and his friends. \"Holy sushi, she showed up!\" Chloe said, seeing Gidget grin watching Mara drink soda, surprising them. \"I guess her owner taught her, to like human food, you know?\" Norman said seeing Mara hyped up and giggly. \"I take this side of her, over Ms shyness Anyday.\" Buddy said, seeing Mel agree, but both Tiberius and his girlfriend, shook their heads at this. \"She's gonna be sore in the morning, that's all I'm gonna say.\" Tiberiys said, seeing the others agree. Later the next morning, Mara found herself back in her owner's apartment, but feeling not herself and just wanting to sleep remembering that she'd went to Pops's and partied hard, hoping that Nat was alright. \"She went to college, but just rest, so maybe you should just sleep, which is what Chloe does msg of the time.\" Gidget told the chubby female eagle leaving since the dog walker was here. Later, Nat was worried, seeing Mara sick, wondering what she'd done or eaten to get sick so taking care of her, and calling the vet but taking care of her best friend. ","Summary":" A/N So I've been wanting to write a Secret Life of Pets story, after seeing the movie over Christma"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"TSLOP Awards","Author":"Alexriolover95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12211506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What's up guys! I hope you're all excited for this! I know I am! Now this is inspired and based on Alex The Owl's \"Rio Awards\", the place where authors in the Rio fandom are rewarded for their achievements in writing. So I thought it would be great to have the same thing in this fandom! 2016 Awards Opening It's nighttime in New York City and well, with the city that never sleeps, you can expect that there is always something happening in the great city. And tonight there is a very special event taking place around the Statue of Liberty as hundreds of pets are cheering for the event to begin already. Soon enough, a familiar Jack Russell terrier walks out of the statue and the huge crowd cheers louder as the terrier signals for everyone to quiet down. And as soon as everyone is quiet enough, the familiar terrier, Max, speaks. \"Alright everyone!\" Max shouts. \"Are you ready to hear the great news?\" \"That's what we were waiting for!\" Someone shouts from the crowd. \"Alright than, everyone come on out!\" Max shouts, as a group of pets come out of the statue and form a line. \"Now, I present the award categories for 2016!\" Max shouts. \"And I will start, the first award is for the best author of the year!\" \"Second, mine, is the best story of the year!\" Duke says next. \"Third, for all you human writers out there, who will be overrun by us!\" Snowball laughs and starts going crazy, getting looks from everywhere. \"Oh right, sorry, force of habit, anyway… mine is the best OC of the year!\" \"Mine is the best shocking moment of the year!\" Buddy shouts. \"Mine is the best saddest moment of the year!\" Mel shouts as well and sees a squirrel and goes to chase it while everyone just sighs. \"Mine is the best funniest moment of the year.\" Chloe says lazily and then goes to take a cat nap. Next up was Gidget, who was really excited to say her award she would be giving out, because well… \"Mine is the best romantic moment of the year!\" Gidget shouts happily. \"Hopefully it will involve me and Max…\" And Gidget goes off into her dreamworld, while the next pet goes. \"Mine is the best awkward moment of the year!\" Tiberius shouts, remembering how awkward he was when he almost ate Gidget. \"Also, there are some rules for this.\" Max added. \"You can't vote for yourself, you can't change your votes more than three times and your votes must be submitted by review on this! That's all and lets start with the TSLOP Awards!\" The crowd cheers for the official start of the TSLOP awards and can't wait for the end of the year to come. Well just like Max said… Lets start! Also, if there are more awards categories you guys can think of, then please tell me in a review on this! However… The deadline to submit an awards category is midnight, December 1, Eastern United States time (My time zone), because… The voting begins on that exact time! And the voting will end on midnight, January 1, New Year's, again on Eastern United States time! So, I think that's it… Can't wait to see how this will go![Chapter 2] Hey guys! Just a quick notice, voting for the awards has started and is under way. However, since I got only a few votes from one person (Thanks Catty!) I decided to extend the voting deadline until January 15, midnight, Eastern United States time to give you guys more time to think! I hope the votes start piling in! P.S. Just because the voting deadline is extended, the votes are only for updates from 2016 still! So no votes will be counted if it comes from an update in 2017![Chapter 3] Hey guys! Sadly, I'm here with news that will disappoint everyone… Because of the lack of votes and even no votes for some of the categories, I decided it's better to just not do it for 2016. However, there is always this year! (2017) And hopefully this archive is much better by the end of the year! So that's pretty much it! Again, very sorry! ","Summary":" What's up guys! I hope you're all excited for this! I know I am! Now this is inspired and based on "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"LA VIDA SECRETA DE TUS MASCOTAS 2","Author":"Fanfic Corp. Animation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13023819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOMBRE: The Secret life of pets 2 (ingles) La Vida Secreta de tus Mascotas 2 (Latinoamérica) La Vida Secreta de los Domésticos 2: Los Mas Buscados (España) DIRECTORES: Chris Renaud y Dan Houser MUSICA: Alexandre Desplat y Dan Houser HISTORIA: Sam Houser, Dan Houser y Luis Cook PAIS: Estados Unidos / Japón AÑO: 2018/2019 ESTRENO: 3 de agosto de 2018 (Estados Unidos, México, España, Italia y Japón) 31 de Mayo de 2019 (Reino Unido e Italia) 7 de junio de 2019 (Estados Unidos, México, España, Japón y el resto del mundo) CLASIFICACION: A GENERO: Animacion, Infantil, Comedia, Acción DURACIÓN: 147 minutos. IDIOMAS: Inglés / Italiano PRODUCTORA: Illumination Entertainment, Sony Pictures Animation DISTRIBUIDORA: Columbia Pictures ESTUDIO: Sony PRESUPUESTO: $ 390,000,000 RECAUDACION: $ 18,740 (EE: UU, MÉXICO, JAPÓN, ESPAÑA, ITALIA Y JAPÓN)(2018) Reparto Lorenzo Jerald Patterson (Mc. Ren) como Max Jenny Slate como Gidget Eric Stonestreet Como Duque Ned Luke como Harrison Mike \"Da Santa\" Shawn Fonteno como Franklin ClintEastwood Steven Ogg Como Trevorlio Filipni Ellie Kemper como Katie Daniel Craig como James Bond (007) Ray Liotta Como Tom Bendeti William Fichtner como Ken Bosenberg Billy Joel como Ilay Joey Lawrence como Napoleon Jack Pearson como Napoleón Falso Jimmy Sanderdini como Napolincin Thomas Krestchmann como Profesor Zundagaf Eddie Izzard como Miles Axelwel Jean reno como le max Dane Sendubi como Ritter Steven Cogan como Otto Eugene benedict como victor Tress MacNeille como Sra. Kuwani Sheldon Burry como Sr. Kuwani Hank Azaria como el inspector Arthur Rosi Mona Marshall como Rouse, Franklin Rousseff como Jack, Wendy Faint como Agnes, John Faint como Scott, Reparto Max: Luis Cook Gidget: Mónica Huarte. Duque: Martín Campilongo Mike Harrison \"Da Santa\": Claudio Serrano Franklin ClintEastwood: Carles Caparrós Trevorlio Filipni: José García Napolincin: Fernardo Luigi ILay Roger: Michael Cruz Napoleón: Gabriel Jimenes Napoleón Falso: Rodrigo Samuel James Bond (007): Carlos Segundo Tom Bendeti: Eduardo Wasveiler Ken Bosenberg: Marcoz Filo Profesor Zundagaf: Juan Alfonso Miles Axelwel: Raul Anaya Le Max: Gerardo Reyero Otto: Francisco Guerrero Ritter: carlos hernandez Victor: Luis Bayardo Sra. Kuwani: Angeles Bravo Sr. Kuwani: Francisco López Arthur Rosi: Federico Romano Rosa: Luisa Rivera Jack: Agustin Sauret Katie: atasha dupeyrón Anges: Erika Mireles Scott: Humberto Benjamin RESEÑAS: TOMATES ROTADOS: Esta pelicula fue valorada en un 99% con 153 comentarios. Esta pelicula investiga un caso, serio, es un trama perfecto, un nudo intersante y una solucion para el mismo, tambien el interes en los partidos inspirados por la Copa Mundial de Fútbol Rusia 2018, y el camino para un entretenimiento durante esta pelicula AUDIENCIA: fue valorado por la audiencia a un 92% de 1,893,498 votos con una calificación de 4.7 / 5 PREMIOS: OSCARS EL ESPANTATIBURON: NOMINACIONES: 5 Mejor guión original, Mejor pelicula de animacion, Mejor banda sonora, Mejor Sonido, Mejor efectos especiales GANO: 2 PREMIOS Mejor pelicula animada y Mejor banda sonora GLOBO DE ORO: NOMINACIONES: 3 Mejor banda sonora, Mejor pelicula animada, Mejor director GANO: 1 Mejor director RONNIE ANNIE: NOMINACIONES: 6 Mejor pelicula, Mejor efectos animados, Mejor animacion de personajes (cinematográfica), Mejor direccion (cinematográfica), Mejor edicion (cinematográfica), Mejor Guion (cinematográfica) GANO: 5 Mejor pelicula, Mejor efectos animados, Mejor animacion de personajes (cinematográfica), Mejor edicion (cinematográfica), Mejor Guion (cinematográfica) BAFTA: NOMINACIONES: 4 Mejor diseño de producción, Mejor sonido, Mejor efectos especiales, Mejor pelicula de animacion GANO: 2 Mejor diseño de producción, Mejor efectos especiales POR SU ESTRENO EN EL 2019, TAMBIEN PARTICIPARA EN LOS PREMIOS OSCAR O ESPANTATIBURONES, RONIE ANNIE, BTTFA, GLOBOS DE ORO Y EMMYS DEL 2020 CURIOSIDADES: Mike \"Da Santa\", Franklin ClintEastwood y Trevorlio Filipini, Son Basados y hacen referencia a los tres protagonistas de GRAND THEFT AUTO 5 (2013) Tom Bendeti y Ken Bosenberg, están basados en Tommy Verceti y Ken Rosenberg, uno de los personajes principales de GRAND THEFT AUTO: VICE CITY (2002) Le Max, antes era ser el antagonista principal de la pelicula, siendo un remplazo de Max llevandos a todos sus amigos y su pandilla un problema que son buscados, Fue rekivido por Zundagaf y Axelwel, por distintas razones En el título de españa: La vida secreta de los hogares: Los mas buscadores, no se eliminan el titulo, Permanencio asi, porque los Verwofene, eran los mas buscadores de la CAPOL, desde 1986, pero nunca lograron detenerlos, hasta en la trama de la pelicula En un borrador de Dan, Sam y Jack, en el 2005, estamos buscando una idea para la secuela de Al-Qaeda, un éxito y una idea, una nueva aventura y los protagonistas. Max, Duke and Gidget a hiban a vivie a Badgad, Irak, pero se trata de un vuelo, y toma un Bankog, Thailandia, y luego se recultará a los agentes del mundo, luego a San Remo, y pasará por muchas páginas de La historia, hasta el final en el Vaticano. San Remo, fue elegida en el lugar de Tailandia y el Vaticano, porque era ideal, Tailandia, habita más habitantes y no se permite a los perros callejeros en sus calles, ni siquiera es importante, sino en el lugar de Asia, El Vaticano porque , podian ofender a la religión del catolicismo, y fue elegido San Remo.[Chapter 2] Empezo en junio del 2018 en San Remo, Italia en un deposito en el puerto el grupo de CAPOL en Italia formado por Mike Harrison, Franklin, Trevorlio y Napolincin entrar a espiar a el grupo\"verwofene\" liderado por El profesor Zundagaf o \"Z\" por ordenes de Axelwel tenian planeado mas de 10,000 microchips para poner a los aparatos electronicos y cobrarles vida para luego destruir la humanidad, la CAPOL intentan robar pero son descubiertos, hubo una persecución terminando hullendo del lugar, luego Napolincin se reune en Niza Francia, junto con Trevorlio, Mike y Franklin y tomaron un acuerdo de reclutar a Max y Duke que ellos trabajaron para la CAPOL en el 2016, Luego en Nueva York, Max se prepara para la última cita ya que planea vivir junto con Gidget y formar una familia, pero en la ultima cita llegando al apartamento son robados por Ken Bosenberg y James Boond y los envia a San Remo, Italia, tomando el avion aterizando en Riviera Aiport, pasando por sus mascotas de Ken, en la estacion del metro lo entrega a Tom Bendeti, y el los lleva a su casa en el metro a San Remo, luego en su apartamento Max, Gidget y Duke se preocupan, pero descuben que Tom es amigable, Tom ve el partido inaugural del Mundial Rusia 2018 Rusia versus Italia, mientras que Max conoce a sus padres, la sra. Kuwani y el sr. Kuwani, Max presenta sus padre a su novia Gidget y a su mejor amigo Duke, luego en una mañana Napolicin, llega y ve que estan ahi, Max y Duke no se sienten acostumbrados a vivr en una vida de clase alta, pero Gidget los ayuda a acostumbrarse, Max pausa la conversación para ir al baño, en el baño Max se encuentra con Franklin y le da la información, Max y Franklin salen y Max ve a Gidget hablando con Mike, Max empezo a mal interpretar, pero Mike le dijo que era de la advertencia y que no es su tipo Napolicin y Trevorlio llegan junto con Duke y les dicen el plan del profesor Zundagaf, y los recluta a los 3, Max emepezo a convivr bien con Mike, Luego otro dia, al terminar el partido Estados Unidos versus Suiza Max y Harrison apostaron y termino empatando 0 a 0, debido a esto ambos realizaron sus apuestas, Napolicin les manda a su primera mision, la CAPOL va a espiar al grupo Verwofene, y solo tienen poca informacion de esos microchips, pero Todos caen del tejado y empieza una persecución, que al final Mike es atrapado, pero Max lo salvo, pero el fue atrapado, luego interroga Zundagaf a Max, pero antes lo discrimina como su primo el sicario frances Le Max, pero al final descubren que es americano, todos discriminan a Max porque es de america, pero Zundagaf, revela su razon y es porque era la mascota del presidente de Rusia, el viva feliz y como rey, hasta que un dia el primer ministro le da otra mascota y es un Gallo joven, Putin lo decidio adoptarlo pero aun no olvidaba de Zundagaf que Putin le decia Zejov, pero Zundagaf, decidio huir porque sentia odio y olvido por un \"pollo\" luego Zundagaf solo dice que cambio su identida de Aleman y cambio su nombre, (ocultando la identidad de Axelwel) Max de si lo revelará estallaria una bomba y le colocan una bomba en el collar de Max, que explota cuando Max revela todo lo que Zundagaf dijo, luego Max es encerado, pero se escapa y logra a llegar a casa, Max preocupado, no sabe que hacer, al llegar los padres preocupados pero Napolicin les dice sobre de la CAPOL, luego otro dia, antes del partido Italia versus Alemania Mike es secuestrado por Verwofene, y Zundagaf le otorga una apuesta pacifica si Alemania gana, La CAPOL tendra que rendirse, pero si Italia gana Zundagaf les entregara los microchips, Mike con dudas acepta la apuesta, luego Otto le dice que es un pastor suizo y Zundagaf, no lo cree, hasta que si lo descubre que Mike es un pastor suizo, Mike le dice la apuesta a Napolincin y Napolincin preocupado no sabe que hacer pero decide que ver el partido, Max intenta decir la verdad de Zundagaf pero se escucho un sonido en el detonador y Max dice que otra cosa y el sonido del detonador se desactvia, final gana Itali Alemania Mike reclama la apuesta pero Zundagaf no lo realizara porque es un pastor Suizo,Italia, es de Suiza, todos se asombraron a esto, pero Napolincin prohibe las apuestas y empezan a espiar, Duke se va a un pasillo abandonado, Mike en el puerto, Franklin en el sotano, Gidget en el atico, Trevorlio en un armario y Napolincin en la oficina de Zundagaf, pero esta vez Max decide acercarse una bodega y toma un fotografía y todos ven que es Max, todos lo persiguen hasta que al final los pierden, Zundagaf no toma otra opción mas que llamar a su primo que es un sicario Francés llamado Le Max para remplazar a Max y descubrir lo planes de CAPOL y terminar su relaciones y reputaciones, en la CAPOL Napolincin, Max, Gidget, Duke, Mike, Franklin y Trevorlio, descubren los escondites y lo envian a Tom, mientras termina el partido Italia vs España, con victoria de Itala de 3 a 2, Tom reviza las fotos y localiza que es en la bodega, luego La CAPOL van al escondite de Zundagaf, Y van a la bodega obteniendo maxima seguridad, Logran y entran en la caja fuerte, pero tiene una huella y creen que solo la huella de Zundagaf lo puede registrar, todos tuvieron que regresar pero antes Max descubre que estan usando las computadoras y probando las maquinas con chip y al final sale con éxito, Napolincin les decia de eso se hablaba, pero todos se fueron antes de ser descubiertos, pero Max es secuestrado y remplazado por Lee Max Mientras Zundagaf recibe una llamada de Axelwel y le pregunta su proceso pero al final estan en retrasos pero deciden activar el 15 de Julio, luego Zundagaf le informa a los demas, pero Ritter surgiere secuestrar a animales debiles para hacer los trabajos, Zundagaf lo aprueba, empiezan a secuestrar animales debiles para robar aparatos electodomesticos y otros para colocar los chips a los apartatos electrodemesticos, la CAPOL buscan una manera, los chips fueron usados por los aparatos electrodomésticos, mientras Lee se pasa por Max, Duke surgiere colocar un chip con un virus, en el centro de las computadoras controladoras para luego fallar el sistema y los aparatos perder el control y apagarse, Napolincin acepta la idea de Duke, Lee descubre los planes de la CAPOL Luego Lee empieza a odiar a Harrison por lo mismo, Harrison lo intenta tranquilizarlo, Gidget entra en esa discusión y al final Lee termina con Gidget y Renuncia a la CAPOL, luego Gidget empieza a tener sospechas de que es un impostor. Mientras Max esta en una jaula, Otto y Zundagaf llegan y le obligan a trabajar para el, pero Max se escapa y logra salir pero era dificil, al llegar, Gidget, Duke y Mike le interogan preguntas que Max sabe, pero el no los reponde pero Max llega y se confirma que es un impostor, Lee Max hulle de la CAPOL pero lesiona a Max, pero Napolincin llega y ve a Max herido, pero Napolincin, Gidget, Duke y Harrison lo curan la lesión, y Napolincin, Max, Gidget, Duke, Mike, Franklin y Trevorlio se reunen para encontrar los chips, Franklin tiene uno con información importante, pero logra sacar y dejar el chip vacio, Trevorlio tiene un tio que coloca virus en los chips el inspector Arthur Rossi, (Arturo Rossi en España) pero necesita algo de acambio, Max conoce al inspector por su hermano Ilay, el le dara algo a cambio, Trevorlio entrega el chip a su tio, mientras los demas buscan que le daran acambio y Max surgiere un almuerzo para Arthur, todos aceptan, en la tarde Max prepara el amuerzo y el inspector llega despues del partido de la semifinal cuando Italia pasa a la final derotando a Francia, El inspector llega le da la bienvenida Max, Max llega a la cocina y ve que la carne se quemo pero se idea ir a conseguir comida de McDonald's y pasar por sus platos, luego Arthur llega y pasa una biografía de tonterias de el y Max en una pequeña mision en diciembre del 2016 pero Arthur sale como víctima de los golpes, luego Arthur grita y Max le dice que no es humo, es vapor de las almejas al vapor, Arthur se va, y Max se va al McDonald's, luego Max y Arthur almuerzan pero Arthur tiene unas dudas, pero al final es convencido y le entrega el chip con virus, Luego en el partido por el tercer lugar que se juegan Francia versus Rusia, Napolincin planea junto con la CAPOL, y Max se pasara a Lee Max, al dia siguente en el dia, Lee Max es secuestrado por Franklin, Mike y Trevorlio, mientras que Gidget, Duke y Napolincin preparan a Max para pasar a Lee Max, luego Max entra en la reunion en una casa serca del monumento ai Caduti, Lee Max escucha los planes de Zundagaf, luego Lee va a las computadoras e inserta, pero es descubierto y todos deciden matar a Max, luego Max dice que es un problema, todos los demas de la CAPOL entran y empiezan una pelea, mientras Zundagaf empieza a activar a los aparatos electrodomésticos robots y salen del lugar y empiezan a neutralizar a las personas, pero las personas hullen, la policia de San Remo los dispara, mientras tanto, pasan en el SS 1 via Aurelia, y luego son rodeados por mas mascotas de la CAPOL de China, Inglaterra, Francia, España, Rusia, Alemania, Portugal, Mexico, Japon y Australia, y aparecen Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon Falso, ayudandolos, por el otro lado los jefes de cada CAPOL de cada pais y James y Tom intentavan aniquilar alas maquinas mientras Max revela lo de Zundagaf y empieza a activar la bomba pero Max lo hizo para amenazar a Zundagaf, Zundagaf lo probo pero no funciono, luego regresa a la casa cerca del monumento deasctiva los robots y amenaza con muerte a Axelwel junto con muchas personas y aparatos electrodomésticos y al final Axelwel lo desactiva y lo llevan arestado, y La CAPOL cumplio con su mision con exito, luego Tom llama a James Boond para regresar las mascotas a casa, James le dijo dias anteriores a Kate y a los dueños de Gidget, luego son llevados a casa luego todos ven el partido final del mundial que al final Italia pierd ante Brasil y Brasil gano, mientras tanto los dueños de Gidget y Kate ven que estaban juntos y deciden juntarlos para vivr juntos, con esto los dueños de Gidget y Kate y su familia se llevaron una buena amistad. Y vivieron juntos[Chapter 3] Introducción a la introducción de Colombia y Sony de 2018 con una música de fondo y un logotipo de Iluminación, luego aparece San Remo, Italia, 13 de junio de 2018, con una música de misión imposible, Napolincin, Mike, Franklin y Trevorlio entran al escondite de \"verwofene\" vamos, vamos, vamos - Napolincin Mike y Franklin les disparan dardos con tranquilizantes a los guardias Está aquí - Trevorlio Luego Mike abre con un láser la pared de metal y la entrada. Muy bien, escuchemos - Napolincin Jajajajajaja, estos chips daran vida a todo aparato electrodoméstico para matar a todas las personas, todo esto de acuerdo a tu plan - Zundagaf Excelente Zundagaf, Quiero que prueben esos chips - Axelwel su voz es trastorada por una robotica Luego ponemos un chip a una cámara rastreadora y eso cobra vida Jajajajajajajaj, funciono! - Zundagaf Lo hemos logrado, ahora muy pronto la humanidad caera - Zundagaf Jajajajaja, bien hecho, - Axelwel ¿Que son esas cosas? - Mike No se pierda, pero son como chips. ¿Pero esa cámara nos está apuntando a nosotros? - Franklin Alto, jefe esta apuntando algo - Otto Todos son que Napolincin, Mike, Franklin y Trevorlio Es Napolincin y la CAPOL, Matenlos - Zundagaf Empieza un tiroteo con armas para animales que están colocadas en las espaldas de la correa Vamonos! - Napolincin Napolincin, Mike, Franklin y Trevorlio se van, Tras ellos - Zundagaf No dijo Traseros? - Ritter Solo siganlo - Zundagaf Corren elevando al piso uno teniendo disparos. El elevador y el trabajo y la ventana. Entra en el segundo piso y dispara, hasta llegar a un suministro de gas. Ya se - Napolincin deja una microbomba serca del suministro Vamonos - Mike Pero adonde? - Trevorlio Napolincin, Mike, Trevorlio y Franklin ven al mar Salten - Napolincin Luego los 4 se lanzan al mar mediterráneo Alto retrocedan - Zundagaf Y explota el suministro de gas, luego los de Verwofene ven al mar Alto - Zundagaf Creo que murieron - Otto Baya, pero que forma de morir fue eso, ahora tenemos más planos - Zundagaf Abajo del mar, hay un submarino que aparece y se vende de ahi hasta en Niza, Francia Venta el titulo de LA VIDA SECRETA DE TUS MASCOTAS 2 En Niza, salen del submarino y Napolincin, Mike, Trevorlio y Franklin se reunen Diablos, ahora como le digo a Ilay? - Napolincin Tienes que decir que hemos fallado por quinta vez - Mike Tenemos una llamada de Ilay - Trevorlio Luego, Napoleon atiende llamada Otra vez hemos fallado - Napolincin a Ilay ¿Que ?, porque han fallado? - Ilay Los aviones no se salieron como se esperabamos, una cámara que cobra vida por los chips de Verwofene, nos han apuntado a nosotros y nos descubrio - Napolincin Creo, que tendra que decir a James las malas noticias - Ilay Regreso luego - Ilay y luego corta la llamada Jefe, no crees que somos pocos - Mike Pocos, estas diciendo que somos pocos - Napolincin Mike tiene razón solo somos 4 en la capital de Italia, Mónaco y Niza - Franklin Ellos son unos montones, son muchos, son mas que nosotros - Trevorlio Es, sierto, - Napolincin Luego Napolincin va cerca de una valla por donde está esta mar mediterránea Que aremos, ahora que aremos! - Napolincin enojado golpea la valla y en un poste del par, cae una pagina donde dice Nueva York $ 250 Euros Solo es un papel donde dice Nueva York. - Napolincin Alto, Nueva York! - Napolincin Luego Napolincin llama a Ilay Vamos, vamos - Napolincin A, que bien, Ilay tengo noticias - Napolincin Cuales hijo - Ilay Necesitamos refuerzos, para esta misión, somos 4 y ellos son un montón, no podemos contra ellos, neceistamos mas, - Napolincin Muy bien, vere si ahi disponibles - Ilay En Nueva York ¿Napoleón quieres ayudar a tu hermano de Italia a cumplir una misión? - Ilay En Italia, siiii, me gustaria, en esas ciudades con calles de agua con un viaje romántico de canoa, o comer pasta en un restaurante ltaiano, y ... - Napoleón es interumpido por el borrador de memorias que Ilay le lanzo Weeeeeehhhh - Napoleón Como mar, Napoleón Falso, ¿quieres una Italia para ayudar a tu hermano Itaiano? - Ilay Italia, wacala, ese país no me gusta, beben mucho ahi, y son unos olgazanes, e ir a cumplir su ... - Napoleón Falso como interumpido también por las borramemorias que tengo que ver con lanzo, Weeeeeeeehhhhh - Napoleón y Napoleón Falso ¿Qué tengo que cuidar de mis hijos? Pero, ¿quién puede ser? - Ilay Luego ve en la repisa que tienen unas medallas de la derrota de RARS en Julio de 2016, y lee Ilay Kuwani, Napoleon Solo, Napoleon Falso Solo, Max Kuwani y Duke de Liechtenstein y la recuerda de Max y Duke Creo que ya lo sé - Ilay Luego Ilay llama a Napolincin Hijo, tengo buenas noticias, - Ilay Cuale son padre? - Napolincin Tengo 2 disponibles, pero vendran mañana - Ilay Y quienes son hijo? - Napolincin Luego, Ilay dice quienes son Napolincin, Mike, Trevorlio y Franklin se van al submarino Muy bien, padre quiero a ellos mañana en San Remo - Napolincin No te prepreocupes sobrino, ellos estaran ahi - Ilay Despues de la Cita de Max y Gidget Ya después de todo regresó Uno de sus apartamentos pero antes reunimos Max y Gidget en una luna llena y Duque esperando en la entrada, Max nervioso pero tranquilo porque quiere proponerle matrimonio Qué hermosa noche - Gidget Si, un Gidget ahi algo que debo decir - Max Durante estos últimos 4 años, he vivido feliz, aunque no quiero separar y esperar hasta el día siguiente, cada día fue hermoso para mí ya ti, pero hoy te gustaria ... por una de acción Max, Max! ... - Gidget es interumpida por James Bond Max, Gidget, amigos donde estan ... - Duke es interumpido por Ken Bosenberg Muy bien, los tenemos James, - Ken Ahora, al aeropuerto - James Ambos fueron en el carro negro de James, hasta llegar al aeropuerto Ya en el Aeropuerto de John Kennedy Los empacan con cajas con ollos, y la envidia a un avion privado de James Muy bien Ken, todo esto en ti, tienes que enviar las mascotas a Tom Bendeti, residente en San Remo Italia, pero tienes que aterrorizar en el Aeropuerto de Riviera, Tom, el que necesitas, tener que venir lo más pronto posible, pero no tienes que ser descubierto por nadie - james Entendio Jefe - Ken Muy bien, buena suerte colega - James Luego, en la página de James Ken, se abordan y se va a San Remo y se guardan a new york a las 19:35 y se muestra la imagen. Luego, el avion va a comenzar a sonar la música de Auto Control de la red Branigan lo único que editado en el mundo dice San Remo y otras palabras pero que se refiere a la ciudad de San Remo pero el ritmo no cambia Ken llega y se va del avión y ve a Tom ¡Tommy! ¡Buenas noches! - Ken Hola, Ken bienvenido de regreso a San Remo, ¿Hasta qué punto ha visto en esta hermosa ciudad? - Tom Vengo enviarte 3 mascotas de ordenes de James en Nueva York, necesito en una misión con tus mascotas en un nudo que se formaron - Ken Muy bien, los llevare a mi casa - Tom Muy bien tengo que regresar ... - Ken interumpido por Tom Hola Ken, acabaste de Llegar porque no te tomas un descanso, ¡hoy empieza el mundo! - Tom Creo que tienes razón, casi la mitad de mi vida no se ha vuelto a ver en San Remo, Ken, Ken llegó y terminó al final. Si, me quedare amigo pero solo una semana - Ken No te preocupes, no hay problemas con James, ahora vamos con mi posta, digo a mi residencia - Tom Luego toman el metro que lleva el Aeropuerto a San Remo. Ya en san remo Llegó a la residencia de Tom, mientras que Ken tenía un apartamento, sin embargo, con un apretón de manos, mientras tanto. Aag, estan bien, - Max Si, pero donde estamos - Gidget Si, creo que no me siento bien, después de estar en los aires - Duke Pero quien podria ser, o podra ser? - Max Luego imagina a T-Benni haciendo venganza junto con Edd Mulasky y Jimmy Fernández O, no nos tienen la RARS! - Max Pero, que, Max que son la RARS - Gidget Amigo, recuerda que hemos eliminado, podríamos escapar y pudirarnos - Duke Alto, mes esta abriendo, porque siempre abren primero al protagonista - Max Deben estar asustados, - Tom abriendo la caja donde Max esta adentro y Max empieza a ladrar y pelear contra Tom alto, alto, no, no, no hay daño, escucha no soy de los RARS, de los mismos - Tom Luego Max se detuvo, Duque dejo de ladrar y Tom lo levanta a Max que extraño, te pareces mucho a Sra. Kuwani y al Sr. Kuwani - Tom ¿Qué? - En la mente de max Luego abre la segunda caja donde esta Gidget Pero si es una hermosa pomeriana, pero que está haciendo aquí, debemos estar asustados, creo que no cometas un error James o algo asi - Tom Luego Gidget se about Junto con Max, mientras que Tom abre la caja de abajo que es grande Debe ser un elefante - Tom Oye, no soy un elefante - Duke, pero Tom lo escucho como ladridos Debe ser enojado, - Tom Abre la caja, y ve que es Duke y grita y mientras Duke se enoja Aaaaaa! Un oso grizzlies! - Tom Luego Ken entra a la puerta Donde donde - Ken y ve un duque Tom es un mestizo, no es un oso - Ken y Duke se calma A, bueno, eso lo sabia, solo estaba comparando con un oso grizzlies - Tom Si, lo mismo digo - Ken Ahora inicia el partido inaogural - Ken Ok, solo alimento a las mascotas y luego nos enviamos a ver la televisión Oh, vamos a tener una mejor comida de Italia y Agua y cual es su problema - Tom Luego ve los collares ¡¿Qué?! - Tom Luego Tom acerca de Ken Futbol - Ken Oye Ken, no sabias que estas mascotas tienen dueño? - Tom Bueno, no lo se James me dijo - Ken Pero si, ellos tienen dueño - Tom Pero que es esto, que dirán sus dueños, seguro Jack Russell Terier llamado Max y Ese oso, digo Mestizo llamado Duque, hijo de una familia de clase y medios de comunicación, mientras que la pomeriana llamada Gidget es de una familia de clase alta! - Tom Bueno, James sabe que son ellos, en una misión en verano de 2016, significa que hoy regresaron a las sandalias, digo andadas - Ken Que dirán sus dueños, se preocupe, pero si James los envio, solo tenemos que cuidarlos - Tom Luego tom se acerca a Max, Gidget y Duke No me preocupes, amigos, amigos, niños, niños, mujeres jóvenes, hombres, mujeres jóvenes, niños, mujeres jóvenes, mujeres jóvenes y mujeres. Espero - Tom de una forma feliz y amable Escucharon eso - max Si, que nunca regresaremos a la casa - Duque No, el tiene mas mascotas, tiene, mas pero no los vemos - Max No te preocupes, no sé que es amigo - Gidget Si, y al menos no es T-Benni o Edd Mulasky o Jimmy Fernández - Max Bouna sera - Sr. Kuwani Bienvenidos hijos a San Remo - Sra. Kuwani Gracias - Gidget Wow, quienes son hijo? - Max Mi Chiamo, Señor Kuwani - Sr. Kuwani Y yo soy la señora Kuwani, ahh! - Sra. Kuwani sorprendida y empieza una cancion de esperanza Hijo - Sra. Kuwani Quien yo? - Max figlio? - Sr. Kuwani ¿Qué? - Max y se interumpe la cancion A, el habla italiano, pero eres identico a mi - Sra. Kiwani Y el a mi hermano, - Max Luego tom regresa A, parece que se conocieron a la Sra y Sr. Kiwanis, bueno, creo que les ha dado un examen porque veo una Sra. Kuwani y Max identicos, el sr. Kuwani es Fox Terier, pero les son el examen. Luego de unas horas Los padres no hijo, creo que ella es tu madre y el padre, wow, él reunido a una familia, la Sra. Kuwani y el Sr. Kuwani encontraron su hijo, creo que te llamaron Jack Maximiliano o Max Kuwani - Tom nombrando a Max, junto con su madre Hola Tom, ya moveran el telestar 18 - Ken Ok, amigos regresare un rato - Tom Luego Max ve a su madre y padre Mamá y Papá, Ustedes son mis padres, Tengo mis padres, Tengo mis padres! - Max entusiasmado y alegre Mientras la Sra. Kuwani y el Sr. Kuwani lo abrazan Hijo, ha vuelto - Sra. Kuwani feliz y alegre sei tornato figlio - Sr. Kuwani feliz y alegre En toda mi vida, no puedo encontrar a mi hijo. Kuwani Donde estabas hijo, y quien es son ellos? - Sra. Kuwani Bueno, el es Duke mi amigo, y ella es Gidget mi novia - Max Mucho gusto conocerlos - Sra. Kuwani figlio incredibile, ora hai una ragazza, penso che ci farai diventare vecchi in fretta - Sr. Kuwani Es sierto, mucho gusto conocerla, eres una novia ideal para nuestro hijo, soy la Sra. Kuwani y el es el Sr. Kuwani Encantada de conocerlos Señores Kiwanis Miren porque esa cosa está brillando mucho? - Duque refiriendose a la television Es la televisión, Tom estara viendo algo - Sra. Kuwani Iiiiiii, aranca el partido moviendo el telestar 18 en este mundial Rusia 2018, Enfrentando a Italia ... - Narrador del partido, sigue narrando el partido Vamos Italia, tienen que ganar - Ken Este año, Italia tendra la copa del mundo - Tom Creo que es un partido entre Rusia y Italia - Duque A donde estamos padres? - Max Estamos en San Remo, Italia - Sra. Kuwani Y donde queda Nueva York, con distancias? - Max Creo que lejos, estan en Europa al otro lado del mundo - Sra. Kuwani ¿What? Y Kate? Que pasara, donde estara? - Max preocupado Hijo de quien es ella? - Sra. Kuwani Es nuestra dueña, no sé que dirija y donde estaremos o buscaremos y sabremos que estamos en el otro lado del mundo - Duque preocupado No se preocupe por el público, por lo tanto, por lo que se dice y por lo que se dice, Sr. Kuwani ¿What? - Max y Duke Tu padre me dijo que no te preocupes. Pronto - Sra. Kuwan a todo esto porque estan aqui? - Sra. Kuwani Bueno, la verdad no es así, porque nos raptaron y llevamos aquí, pero debeser por alguna razón - Max Pueden descanzar si quieren, sirvieron como en casa. Kuwani Gracias mamá - Max Luego al dia siguiente Buenos dias amigos - tom Espero que no está asustado y relajado, que es su casa, - Tom Luego les gusta la comida y el agua en 3 tramos diferentes de plata Disfrutenlo - Tom Mientras llego a la cocina ve a una Napolincina entrando Napolincin Napolincin llegastes, estas bien ?, ¿Ocurre algo malo? - Tom Napolincin escribe en la computadora y Tom lo lee Hemos descubierto que Zundagaf, tiene unos chips con funciones de cobrar vida a los aparatos electrodomésticos, con una función de exterminar a la humanidad - Tom Muy bien, esto es un problema, pero esta es la suerte de los refuerzos, estan en la sala - Tom Napolincin va a la sala y ve a Max, Gidget y Duke Bienvenidos amigos, yo soy Napolincin jefe de la CAPOL de Italia - Napolincin Hola nieto, llegaste de donde venias? - Sra. Kuwani Hola abuelita, he llegado y veo que hay nuevos reclutas - Napolincin Napolincin? - Max Max? Tio - Napolincin A si, nieto el es Max mi hijo - Sra. Kuwani Napolincin, eres tu, el hijo de mi hermano? - Max Si, no me recuerdas, puse una mision en los ... - Napolincin es interumpido por Duke tapando la boca porque no queria que revelara los creditos de la película pasada Si, si, si, ya dijistes mucho - Duke Increíble hijo, alto hermano, conoces a Ilay? - Sra. Kuwani Si, trabaje con el, y mis dos sobrinos Napoleón y Napoleón falso en Nueva York hace 2 años - Max ¿Nueva York? - Sra. Kuwani tu no ricordi miele, loro sono nati lì, loro hanno vissuto lì - Sr. Kuwani (No recuerdas cariño, vivamos antes ahi y ellos vivian ahi) Si, ahora lo recuerdo -Sra. Kuwani Cielos, Max, creo que al fin ha encontrado a toda tu familia - Gidget Es, sierto, los Kuwanis estan completos - Duque Luego Tom, llega y les pone tres camas comodas y de lujo Muy bien, sus camas que los difruten - Tom Wow, camas nuevas! - Max Si, y cumplen con los caprichos de un duque - Duke No lo que Gid, jamas he vivido en una vida, asi, con una casa lujosa, con alimentos unicos, con unas comas comodas - Max Esta es la vida de la clase alta, como yo - Gidget Asi, no me preocupes solo debes disfrutarlo y agradecerlos, pero deben ser gentiles, amables y ordenados como tu - Gidget refiriendo a Max Ese es la vida loca, digo buena, buena, buena - Duke Saben algo, debo ir al baño, regreso pronto - Max Ok duque No te deslices - Gidget Luego se dirige al baño, entra y ora, pero si se graban, no. Aa un espia, que querias hacer con esa camara? - Max No, no, no es lo que tu piensas, - Franklin Luego Franklin piensa que es un enemigo y pelea contra Max, golpeando su cabeza y luego lleva la puerta y entra Porque no te lumpias la cara como lo hace Pin Pon - Franklin, llevando la cabeza de Max al retrete. En guardia - Franklin Luego Max toma una limpia baños En guardia - Max Luego ambas armas los usan como sables hasta que Max pierde Jajaja, creistes que eso funcionaria - Max Luego Max venta con un trapeador Ahora llora - max Luego pelean usando como sables hasta que Franklin lo pierde, mientras Max aun tiene el trapeador Que te pasa las muelas - Max Qué tal si te limpias ese pelo - Franklin Y le lanza shampoo a max Aaaaa, mis ojos - max Luego golpea la puerta y Trevorlio escucho el impacto Luego Max con un sepillo de dientes lo intenta golpear, pero falla y Franklin lo lleva al fregadero para golpearlo Alto, alto, alto, para quieres matarme - Max Eres uno de los verwefone - Frankin Que, no, no soy de la CAPOL de los estados unidos - Max Franklin asustado ¿What? Eres uno de la CAPOL? - Frankin Si, - Max Aaaag, no, lo siento, yo soy Frankin ClintEastwood y soy de la CAPOL de Italia - Franklin ¿Que, golpeastes a un colega?! - Max Si, lo siento, no sabia amigo - Franklin Max y Franklin escuchan que entra alguien O no, es Trevorlio debo dejar todo normal - Franklin ¿Es otro de la CAPOL? - Max Si, - Franklin Ya se diga que no hay nadie aqui - Franklin Trevorlio toca la puerta Franklin estas ahi? - Trevorlio No, no hay nadie en casa - Max Frank, habré la puerta - Trevorlio Franklin habre la puerta y Trevorlio entra Que extraño escuche otra voz - Trevorlio A, otra voz, estaba cantando - Franklin ¿Y porque está esa toalla dentro de la bañera? - Trevorlio A hiba sacudirme ahi - Franklin Y porque esta muy elevada y gruesa - Trevorlio A, es una toalla magica - Franklin Aa, chuuu! - Max Esa toalla esta polvoso - Max Alto, ¿quien es el? -Trevorlio Alto puedo explicarlo, sin embargo, tuvimos una pelea pensando en la época del profesor Z, pero al final es uno de CAPOL de estados unidos - Franklin ¡¿What?! - Trevorlio Franklin estas loco, eso es traicion! - Trevorlio Si, pero no sabia que era de CAPOL - Franklin No te preocupes estas perdonado, y quien eres tu? - Max A soy Trevorlio Philipini, - Trevorlio Max Kuwani - Max Creo que Mike esta atras o se adelantó - Trevorlio Luego entra Axelwel o Axel Oigan que hacen adentro del baño, es importante con Napolincin - Axelwel Si, Axel y Franklin Golpeo a Max por error, creyendo que era uno de Verwofene - Trevorlio ¿What? Pero eso es tracion, - Axelwel Lo siento Axe, pero si se me paso un poco - Franklin Bueno, vamos a la reunión - Axelwel Por mi nombre es Miles Axelwel, pero me pueden decir Axel o Axe Max Kuwani - Max Bueno, vamos a la sala - Axel En el pasillo fuera del baño Sr. Kuwani, cuanto lo lamento de lo sucedio - Franklin No te precupes, amigo, al menos no estoy ... que? - Max vio a Gidget conversando con Mike, en esos tiempos había empezado a tener celos y fue a tranquulizarse Oye amigo, estas bien? - Franklin Si, solo debo terminar un asunto - Max Hola ahi esta Mike - Trevorlio Excelente, pero que pasa con el? - Franklin Luego mientras que Mike y Gidget Primero antes entro en la casa y vio Hola preciosa - Mike con una voz elegante Gidget no sabe de donde vino esta voz hasta que vio que era Mike Ah, hola - Gidget algo nerviosa Mi nombre es Mike Harrison para servirle - Mike Yo, yo, me llamo Gidget - Gidget Bueno, hermosa doncella, no hay problema, que corre peligro y no quiero que nada te digas - Mike sigue siendo interumpido por Max Muy bien, quien eres tu? - Max con una cuchara Max, a regresastes! - Gidget Max, pero que haces con esa cuchara? - Gidget Oye, oye, oye amigo relajate no es lo que piensas, - Mike Si, Max el es nuestro - Franklin ¡¿What?! Mi diran que el es de nosotros! - Max Oye, oye solo la publicidad de una amenaza de Zundagaf, - Mike luego se about a el Ya se porque no mejor nos presentamos, soy Mike Harrison a sus ordenes - Mike Asi, y yo soy Barack Obama - Max Max, tranquilo solo el quiere ser amigo - Gidget con amabilidad De acuerdo. Mi nombre es Max Kuwani y soy el novio de Gidget - Max Novio? - Mike Novio? - Franklin Novio? - Trevorlio Al fondo del pasillo Napolincin repite la palabra novio varias veces Novio, novio, novio, novio, novio, novio, novio, .. - Napolincin Ya regreso, - Franklin y Frankin van a borrar la memoria de Napolincin Weeeeeehhhhhh! - Napolincin A con razon amigo, no, no, no eres uno de los perros con suertes, porque nadie puede conseguir una dama como ella, ni Nick, lo hizo, o yo, - Mike a Max No te preocupes amigo, no es mi tipo, solo tranquilizate - Mike Si, si, ese son - Max con seriedad Aaah, ya regreso - Mike Y Trevorlio quedaba Aaaah, miren, Napolincin necesita ayuda ire a ver - Trevorlio y fue como el viento Max, habla en realidad, solo me anunciaron algo de una forma educada y cortes, - Gidget Max lo había pensado Creo que fui muy rudo con lo que siento, empezare otra vez - Max y Max a buscar a Mike Oye, oye, Fui rudo antes, y no me agrado, entiendo lo que dices que tal si iniciamos otra vez - Max Hola, mi nombre es Max Kuwani - Max Y yo, me llamo la Reina Isabel segundo - Mike Luego Max lo tomo de verdad, pero Mike sorie y luego rie de broma Jajajaja, era una broma - Mike Jajajaja, creo que eres bueno con las bromas - Max Si, mi nombre es Mike Harrison, mano derecha de Napolincin, ¿por qué no está por donde está? - Mike A, que paso, no me siento nada, - Napolincin Ya llegaron los reclutas - Franklin Muy bien, reunalos - Napolincin Bien jefe vamos a conocer a los reclutas - Axelwel Ya en la reunion Zundagaf, de quiere solitario exterminar a las peronas del mundo, No porque está en solitario, Pero usar las fichas de UNOS Para que se cobren vida y exterminio, Nuestra misión es derrotarlo, Haciendo rendir SUS planos, Porque el peligro es en Ellos, y Nosotros dependemos del mundo, - Napolincin Asi es, por eso regresaran a las sandalias, digo andadas - Mike Max, que son la RARS o CAPOL? - Gidget RARS Recursos contras razas callejeras, siglas en inglés, ellos tienen planos de envío de mascotas o animales callejeros en África, nariz porque - Max Y CAPOL significa Comision Animal para la Observacion y la ley, somo nosotros los mantenemos la seguridad animal del mundo - Mike Quiero una reunión mañana a las 10 de la noche - Napolincin Porque a esa hora? - Franklin Ya que ellos estaran dormidos, podrian espiarlos en la noche - Napolincin Luego al día siguiente Max y Duke explican a Gidget sobre de la CAPOL Nosotros fuimos reclutados por mi hermano Ilay and mis sobrinos Napoleon y Napoleon Falso, para trabajar en la CAPOL y derotar la RARS - Max Si, eran viejos tiempos, nuestra primera misión fue contra unas salchichas que dormían a los animales, y otro envío de un tren a un aeropuerto y fue cuando encontramos a Rocco el hermano de Snowball - Duke Y uno, que era grande, lo que llamamos la caida de los RARS - Max Esa tarde, de 8 de julio fue con más desastres y hemos luchado por mucho tiempo, hasta que T-Benni y los otros dos han sido arrestados - Max No te preocupes, es lo mismo que hemos tenido con los RARS - Max Pero Verwofene no se que es? - duque Si, lo mismo digo - Max Saben, no hay problema, los ayudare - Gidget Gracias Gid - Max Oye Max, si quieres ser amigo con Mike, apostale, en este partido - Franklin Esta bien, gracias - Max Entra Ken Bosenberg a la casa de Tom Oye, ahora empieza? - ken Si, es estados unidos contra Suiza - Tom Veamos a ver quien ganara hoy - Ken Oye, Max, - Mike ¿Qué? - Max Te gusta apostar - Mike Apostar - max Apostar - Max alzando la voz De acuerdo. De acuerdo. Mejor no - Mike Amigo, yo soy el rey de las apuestas, nadie gana contra mi, vamos a apostar lo que quieras - Max Bueno, ya inicia el partido de Estados Unidos y Suiza, y yo soy un pastor Suizo, - Mike Mi trabajo en las misiones - Max Muy bien, pero si Suiza gana, Limpiaras los baños por un día - Mike Trato hecho - max Muy bien, que empiezas el partido! - Mike Oye, lamento por iniciar mal, pero no creo que soy algo celoso - Max No, te preocupes, amigo, lo normal, lo mejor que puedas, relajarte, relajarte. Max, ademas algun dia podre conocer el amor de verdad - Mike Bueno, esta bien, pues vamos por las apuestas - Max Que bien, ya empezo - Mike Empieza, el partido moviendo el balon Calon, damas y caballeros este partido está en los estados unidos contra suiza -Narrador Siiiiii, vamos estados unidos - Tom Estados Unidos, Estados Unidos, Estados Unidos ... - Ken Luego del partido el marcador quedo 0 a 0, Max y Mike se han dormido por no habian goles Jajajaja, que jugada extraña, ya regreso - Tom Luego cuando Tom se paró Max se levanto Aag, - Max bostezando ¿Que Paso? Alto, noo! No sabemos quien gano? - Max Aag, - Mike bostezando Que Alto, Mire, Ahi Esta - Mike Luego, en este momento, en el resumen de todo el partido Empataron sin goles - Mike Nooooo, no queria lavar baños - Max Y no queria hacer tu trabajo - Mike Pero bueno, apuesta es apuesta - Max Sabes mejor no realizar esa apuesta - Mike Si, esta bien - Max Luego llega la napolinicina Tengo una noticia, todos los de la CAPOL nos reuniremos ahora en una mansión de lujo, cerca del mar mediterráneo - Napolincin Quien los invoca? - Max Un arabe, no sabe mucho de el pero, se llama Gusanito Muha - Duke Ese tipo, debe ser un sultán - Mike Bueno, pero nos entregaran unos microchips con virus, para provocar un daño masivo en la central de control para el poder de los movimientos de las máquinas artificiales, que les permite atravesar satelite - Napolincin Y Max, Mike y Duke miran entre ellos porque no se entendieron lo que les dijo Napolincin Ah, solo destruira la computadora - Napolincin Ah, ya entiendo - Mike Si, tiene sentido - Max Bueno, vamonos, llame a los demas - Napolincin Luego, Max a avisar a Gidget, pero en la ventana ve a Axel saliendo Aa, Miles - Max Aaa, que, que pasa, que se te ofrece? - Axel Adonde vas, sin permiso de Napolincin? - Max Aah, a, bueno, Napolincin y yo Sabremos a eso, de la reunión, iremos enviando a ustedes, ya que se debe, es el Gusanito en el infiltrado de la Verwofene - Axel. A, bueno, esta bien, pero no te adelantes demasiado - Max No, te preocupes, estare a 500 metros por delante - Axel Más tarde, en el lugar de la reunión, en donde hay una fiesta, y la música es de Magazine 60 - Don Quichote, versión de 5 minutos, pero se escucha una música de fondo que en el lugar Mientas la cámara, sube ariba en un piso donde hay puertas de oro abierto, y adenteo, hay cuartos y uno cuarto es en el medio, dice Gusanito Muha. Mientras abajo, la CAPOL, ha llegado Diablos, sin embargo, hoy hay fiesta por la victoria de Arabia Saudita a España en la tarde - Napolincin No, se pierdan, solo sigan a Napolincin - Trevorlio Que, extraño, no veo a Axel - Max Si tiene una razón, dijo que se adelantó, pero no lo ecuante, Mike A lo mejor debe estar aquí, puede ser en el baño, o en la recepción, o en los bares - Duke Si, tiene razón - Max luego , sub a Las escaleras, pero las guardias lo detienen Alto, porque queremos ver al sultán Gusanito Muha - Guardia Somos agentes de capital de la península de Italia - Napolincin Y venimos, porque tenemos un microchip para nuestra misión - Franklin que pasar - guaridas Mientras los Pases, la venta del baño Esos lavamanos está empezando a tocar - Gusanito Esperen, no tengo manos, ya recorde - Gusanito 'ahlaan wamarhabaan bikum - Gusanito Y abajo sale un subtitulo en ingles donde dice: eres muy bienvenido que ? - Napolincin Sultán, ¿hay algo que no te parece familiar? - Mayordomo Perdon, no hablan arabe, soy Gusanito Muha, a sus ordenes - Gusanito Muy bien, Sultan, gracias - Napolincin Venimos por el microchip que nos ordeno - Mike Muy bien, esperen - Gusanito Al aire libre , esta son unos binoculares pero son Axelwel, Espiandolos y luego llama a Victor Muy bien, estan en recepción - Axelwel Muy bien, - Victor Mientras que atras, entra en una ventana de baño y pasa como uno que usa, pero luego Regresa Gusanito junto con un mayor domo Aqui esta, ese microchip, es capaz de destruir la computadora más inteligente que existe actualmente - Gusanito No, solo estoy con unos agentes de la CAPOL, ¿qué podría cambiar? - Gusanito Ese Jack Russell Terier, ¿no hay recuerdas de las escrituras? - Mayordomo Esperen, - Gusanito Tu, Jack Russell Terier - Gusanito Si, quiero que me acompañes - Gusanito Los demas pueden esperar aquí, o disfrutar en la fiesta - Gusanito Mientras tanto Gusanito lleva un Max una con escrituras A, un dond eme llevas ? - Max Quiero, ¿comparto si eres tu, mi padre - Gusanito Que? - ¿Max luego se detiene padre? Por favor, tiene que ser una broma - Max No, no es una broma, Ver más te explico, Mis padres han muerto, La profesión del padre, El padre adoptivo, Jack Russell Terier, Quien fue involuntariamente un líder de un grupo de vigilancia de una ciudad importante - Gusanito Luego llegan al muro Aquí esta, te explicamos que queremos decir el muro Este muro lleva el pasado La primera vez que llegaste al siglo 1 antes de la guerra, pero vamos con los padres, aquí la muestra cuando nacamos, mis padres morirían tiempos despues, a si gue, luego, esta imagen representa mi nuevo padre - Gusanito Pero, cuando murieron tus padres? - Máx mes ONU los antes, exactamente mes ONU - Gusanito Esta imagen y el análisis de la Trata de la ONU Jack Russell Terier, y Tu Debes ser mi padre, también aquí Explica tu vida pasada - Gusanito Fue Líder de la ONU Grupo de Vigilancia involuntariamente Vive en Miami desde hace 2 años, trabaja para tu propio hermano para derrotar a un grupo de secuestradores - Gusanito Exactamente dice todo - Max Muy bien, ahora, ya sabes, todo lo que significa, ¿eres mi padre? ¿Gusanito que ?, Pero, ni siquiera me he ... - Max es intrumpido por Gusanito Padre adoptivo, no te preocupes, ahora vamos a ariba en mi alcoba, presentamos al mundo - Gusanito luego, en la alcoba de la casa de Gusanito Escuchen invitados y pueblo, encontrado un padre adoptivo - Gusanito Y luego todos aplauden, pero en un lado donde esta la Verwofene Que, diablos? - ¿Riter son mis ojos o Max es el padre del sultán? - Otto Pues no, es ridículo porque Gusanito es un gusano y es un perro, alto, miren ahi - Zundagaf luego ve el microchip Ellos tienen el microchip, tenemos que saquearlo, antes de que se escapen - Zundagaf No se preocupe, Víctor esta adentro, pero, nosotros vamos a los lados de la mansión - Otto Muy bien, vallan y saqueenlo, mientras que nosotros nos encontramos antes de ser descubiertos - Zundagaf Mientras tanto despues, la CIPOL estan en la alcoba Hijo, ahi algo que todos hemos encontrado en este lugar - Max creo, que es el continente, aunque si son de Nueva York debe estar en dia, o algo asi - Gusanito No, te preocupes Max, aquí en Nueva York - Mike Todos son diferentes en Europa - Franklin hacemos las cosas en un modo diferente - Mike Creo, que también en Asia, somos la religión del Islam - Gusanito Mientras atras Victor sale del baño, y habla por un microwikitoki Muy bien, a las 3. - Otto 1. - Víctor 2.- Riter 3! - Otto y salen los tres, a golpear a Mike, Franklin, Gusanito y Max Que, ¡seguridad! - Gusanito Muy bien, todos ustedes, denlos los microchips o Sino - Victor LUEGO vende Una licuadora viviente, Pero El Cristal this Destruido párrafo USAR las Armas Que Tiene Seran perros picados - Víctor Yo, soy un gusano - Gusanito LUEGO, atras los demas de La CIPOL con armas y disparan a la Verwofene diablos cubran! - Otto Rapido, liberenlos - Victor Y luego salen 4 máquinas que tienen una minigun pequeña Cubranse! - Mike Vamonos, - Max luego en el disparo, y afuera Le Max esta francotirando a Max Llegó a la hoguera de tu fin - El máx con el asento francés Luego, duspara, pero falla y destrulle el cristal.ñal llegar a las ventanas se rompen Nos estan disparando - Franklin Todos bajen - Gusanito, tiene una canción para bajar, luego todos Bajan atravez de la soga Todos vallanse! - Max Pero, Max, que haras tu? - Gidget Me desasere de ellos - Max luego , todos ya están abajo, mientras que Max se enfrentará contra los 4 robots. Mientras que Max tiene una granada en la mano Vamos, en contra de su hijo: Max luego , lanza la granada, mientras que en la parte inferior de la canción Y adenteo Vamonooooosssss! - Víctor Mientras tanto, Otto, Riter de lanzan de las ventanas y Víctor de donde vino, osea, venta de la misma ventana que entro en el baño. Y luego explota el segundo piso de la mansión de Gusanito Cubranseee! - Duke Luego se esta en una explosión, hasta que se detuvo la mansión de Gusanito esta destruido y Max esta en un arbusto Mi casaaaaaaa! - Gusanito padre, porque, porqueee - Guanito de lamento Ah, tengo 32 mas - Guanito normal Max estas bien? - Gidget Si, no te preocupes, usa solo una granada - ¿Max De donde conseguistes eso? - Duque estaba en la mesa de mi hijo - Max Creo, que era mi adorno, pero no sabia que era explosiva - Gusanito Continuar regresando - Napolincin Sobrino donde está - Max No hay tiempo que perder, el espiado, y hulleron en una furgoneta, con más robots de los que nos atacaron - ¿Napolincin Que? , tienen mas - Max Si, tio, debemos ir a quitarlos - Napolincin Jefe tenemos que regresar a nuestra guarida - Mike Pero porque? - Napolincin Todos los invitados de esta fiesta, han huido, las personas que escucharon la explosión, pueden haber comunicado con la policía - Franklin Diablos, tiene una razón, podría llamar a un control de animales y atraparnos, esas idiotas para escapar, por sierto que dije - Napolincin LUEGO le lanzo el borramemorias en Napoleón y se encuentra en un zombi weeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhh - Napolincin de Mientras ariba, Axelwel este Escondido en otra Masión de la altura de la ESA ESO, y jajajajajaj - Axelwel LUEGO de la cipol. Muy bien, tendremos que ver los espiarlos en la noche, asi seran los planes - Napolincin Y luego se terminó la reunión, mientras que los padres de Max se preguntan que paso . - Sra. Kuwani Si, estoy bien, Napolincin nos envia un plan que usa esta noche - Max Penso che fosse ora di dirgli la verità - Sr. Kuwani ¿ Qué dijo? - Max Esta bien - Sra. Kuwani a su esposo Hijo, tu padre me dijo que tenemos que demostrar algo - Sra. Kuwani Sigame - Sra. Kuwani Luego , en el sotano y se encuentra una planca vieja, la sra. Kuwani lo levanta y sale a la pantalla, donde se encuentra la huella, colocan las huellas de la sra. y el sr. Kuwani y se abre la puerta secreta Una puerta secreta - Max luego entrar aquí, es nuestro escondite - Sra. Kuwani Pero, que, también son agentes de la CAPOL? - Max Bueno, era AAI- Sra. Kuwani Que significa eso - Max Agencia Animal de la Investigación - Sra. Kuwani Si, eran los años 2000 en Nueva York, - Sra. Kuwani. Mientras que la historia, unas imágenes breves que describen. No podemos dejar de presionar en ese centro de espionaje, no permitimos a Nadie robar Animales y mantenerlos en libertad, estamos en la búsqueda del control de los animales y los grupos callejeros de Nueva York, hasta que no hayamos sabido que habia alguien mas, quien nos ha derrotado, ese día, fue la última vez, hemos trabajado como agentes, desde entonces, nuestro dueño no se ha puesto de acuerdo y nos lleva de Nueva York a San Remo, - Sra. Kuwani luego deja las imágenes del cuento, y se graba lo que está pasando ahi Desde que vivimos aqui, y tu hermano fundo la CAPOL - Sra. Kuwani Pero, quien los derroto, sin aviso? - Max No recuerdo exactamente, creo que alguna pandilla, bueno eso fue hace mucho tiempo - Sra. Kuwani que ellos? - Max Penso che un gangster o un gruppo di gangsters ci abbia sconfitti, ma siamo andati da Nueva York a San Remo, per la criminalad che è successo ahi - Sr. Kuwani casi intentando hablar español Pero, ahora, dile a tu sobrino, tenemos suficientes herramientas para derrotar a ellos - Sra . Kuwani Muy bien, llamare un Napolincin - Max LUEGO , todos los de la CAPOL no puedo creerlo ni aun Conservar TODO ESTO - Napolincin Wow, Max no sabia Que Padres Tus Eran Agentes también - Gidget Muy bien todos, Tomen lo necesario para un espiarlos esta noche - Napolincin luego , todos en el cuarto para tomar las armas nuevas, luego están en la sala, para una reunión, Son las 10 de la noche - Duke muy bien vamos a espiar aerwofene, para ver qué pasa con esos chips o para que quieren destruir la humanidad - Napolinicin Seguro que todos estaran dormidos? - Max No te preguntes, todos los duermen hasta los villanos - Napolinicin luego, todos a la guardia secreta de la Veranda en el tejado de este hecho de cristal Queeeee - Napolincin Porque los villanons no duermen - Napolincin Te lo dije sobrino - Max Alto, nadie se mueva, solo yo podre estar en la vitrina, todos los demas escuchen al rededor - Napolincin Luego abajo, separar en fila los chips, colocando en cajas mientras Zundagaf explica sus planos Esta es la fase de dos, que se han robado los aparatos electrodomésticos para colocar este chips que dan vida y tomar el mando a distancia, pero lo haré rápidamente. Planean robar los aparatos eléctricos para insertar el chip para waaaa ... -Napolincin cae y todos se acercan tocando el vidrio mientras que los atacan Son la CAPOL Matenlos! - Zundagaf Todos utilizamos un disparar mientras que el CAPOL hulle del lugar Vamonos por aqui, aqui es la salida - Napolincin Todos se van hasta la salida, pero Mike está atrapado Alto, no sueltenme ... - Mike Max ve atras que Mike es atrapado Que, que pasa tio? - napolincina Alejense, yo me encargare - max Luego Max va a rescatar a Mike Max logra sacar a Mike, pero Max es atrapado Max! - Mike No te preocupes Mike, Corre! - max Luego Max lo noquean con una pala sin previo aviso. Se pone la pantalla oscura y luego en la mesa de interrogación. ¿What? Le max que haces aqui? - Zundagaf Que, Le, yo no me llamo Le Max, me llamo Jack Maximiliano - Max Jajaja sí, lo dices para que no me hagas daño, por atraparte por error - Zundagaf Jefe lo hemos identificado - Ritter Se llama Jack Maximiliano Kuwani Calanison, mas conocido como Max Kuwani, proviene de Nueva York, Estados Unidos y trabajo para el CAPOL de Nueva York - Ritter Bueno, gracias Ritter, crei que era Le, pero no - Zundagaf Jajajajajajajajajaj, un americano en Europa - Zundagaf riendose y los demas tambien Oigan dejen ser ser discriminadores - Max Que estas haciendo en Europa, un continente que no deberías estar ahi, deberías estar en América jajajajajajaja - Zundagaf Los americanos nativos no tienen los pensamientos - Zundagaf . Sí, dice eso, para discriminar a los demas, seguro que en su pasado, los americanos te discriminaron - Max Al oir esto las risas pararon a la vez Muy bien, quiero saber mi pasado, pues viví en Moscú Rusia, Vladimir Putin era mi dueño, fue la primera mascota de Rusia, era reconocido, - Zundagaf Empieza los recuerdos, el primero cuando Putin lo llama para dar comida Zejov vamos a tomar tu baño - Putin Otro cuando trae el palo a el Buen perro, buen perro, eras obediente y fuerte - Putin Otro cuando se despedia las noches Buenas, noches Zejov, que tengas dulces sueños - Putin Hasta que, un día, llegué a la puerta de la casa un pollo, desde ese entonces, me puse a la ignora y se fue a dedicar al pollo, no me he alimentado, no me durimio, no me dio cariño - Zundagaf Desde ese día, decidí abandonar la casa, e iremos a otro lugar, encontraremos un grupo Alemán de mascotas desechadas llamada Verwofene, desde que su lider, yo lidere Verwofene y ahora con estos microchips que cobraran vida, planea mi venganza por este mundo cruel ahora lo entiendes profesor - Zundagaf Max no respondio porque quedo sorprendido de su vida Jefe, le revelo la identidad - Otto Noo, no puede ser, es sierto, ahora el sabe mas de mi - Zundagaf arrepintiendo Pero, jajajaja, valla, sabes mas de mi, pero no quiero que tus amigos sepan, jajajajajaja pongan la bomba- Zundagaf esperen que? - Max Luego a Max le ponen una bomba Dejen de ponerme that things, que diantres hacen? - Max Y luego lo dejan Jajajajajaja, si intentas decir una palabra de mi vida, automáticamente esa bomba es que tienes unos sistemas perfectos, y se desactiva con una voz jajajajajajaja, encierrenlo! - Zundagaf Luego Otto, lo lleva una celda junto con los demas mascotas secuestradas Oye, dejame - Max Callate y camina - Otto Y luego lo encierra una celda Muy bien, aquí te quedas preso como en el control animal jajajajajajajajajajaja, buenas noches! - Otto Y luego Otto deja solo las celdas Que, demonios, porque hay mas en cautiverio? - Max Nosotros somos presos porque trabajamos con Zundagaf - ¿Un armadillo viejo Que, pero que hacen? - Max No tengo nada que decir, no sé nada de eso, soy muy viejo, recuerdo Que en mis tiempos no existe AES Cosas - Armadillo viejo Tengo, soltarlos Que, Debo algo Tener - Max Y LUEGO, Venta de una pequeña caja, Máx. Oprim. El boton y se agrandan, Hasta que he hablado y tiene unas heramientas para escapar Si, tenemos suerte, soltamos a todos - Max luego , usa un láser, ese corto los barrotes de 3 celdas vez Wow, este láser es poderoso - Max Mientras que Lo que se dice, no hay nada de aquí, sino que tenemos que escuchar, ni siquiera de aquí, bajo tierra, es más seguro! - Max Pero, como crees hacerlo - Armadillo viejo Solo lo destruiremos - Máx. Con un taladro, empieza a destruir el suelo, y luego un removedor de la tierra, bajando hasta muy abajo, por donde se encuentra un acuaducto, y bajó por unas escaleras Maldición otro de esos acuaductos - Max De seguro que algo, malo pasa aqui, sera mejor ir rapido - Max Luego saca un mapa de ductos de San Remo, Todos los días, saltos en la costa - Max Mientras que todos los que siguen, y los ultimos de las atras, taparon el agujero con un tapón de metal luego , en la costa, todos ellos van Muy bien todos, son libres, pero no se acerquen a los de Verwofene - Max Y todos los agradecen y se van Ahora tengo que regresar a casa - Max luego Max regresa a la guarida de la CAPOL miren, alguien viene - Napolincin Podria ser Max? - Gidget Luego Max regresa Tio, estas bien? - Napolincin No se preocupe todos, estoy bien, no puedo creerlo, me han ... - Max pero se escucha un sonido de bomba Aaaaaa, encerrado - Max y el sonido se desactivo ¿Que, pero, como lograstes salir? - Gidget Hijo, estas bien? - Sra. Kuwani Si, gracias a sus amigos, un escaparate con este poderoso láser y una excavadora, pero este dañado - ¿ Cuantos Max presos eran? - Duque Eran un monton, no se exactamente, pero he tenido que seguir, hasta que los libres en la costa mediterránea - Max Y porque estab ahi? - Gusanito Ellos, fueron obligados a trabajar para Zundagaf, los ordenan a robar los aparatos eléctricos para colocarlos en sus chips que dan vida - Max Sabia, que no se olvidó de su plan - Mike De eso, estamos peleando, y los hemos reclutado a ustedes - Franklin Ellos no paran en los aparatos electrodomésticos para Destruir la Humanidad, pero aun no porque sabemos, Pero Dębe Haber algo aquí - Trevorlio Sabe, Gracias Max, me salvaste de Ser secuestrado, y Tomastes tu lugar - Mike no te preocupes, DEBEMOS cubren las espaldas mutuamente - Max Muy bien, que paso, aqui, Napolincin descubrieron algo? - Tom Luego, Napolincin se publicó en la computadora y tom lo leyó El profesor z, esta vez en los animales para trabajar para el, robando los aparatos para poner el chip, para la vida, Max fue secuestrado, y encarcelado, pero descubrio eso , y los soltos a todos, dejando en la costa sur - Tom leendo Esto es crítico, debemos usar un plan alternativo, debemos idear algo, digale a los demas donde está el microchip de ayer - Tom luego , Napolincin va a preguntado Oigan, alguien sabe donde está el micochip que intentaron robarlo ayer por la noche? - Napolincin Yo aun lo tengo - Gusnito Excelente, lo useemos mañana, para que uno de nosotros podamos infiltrarlos para poder utilizar el chip para reconocer la computadora - Napolincin Muy bien, sera mañana, nos reuniremos - Franklin Por ahora descansen - Trevorlio Luego , todos va a descansar. Luego en otro dia Jefe, adivina quienes jugaran hoy? - Otto Quien? - Zundagaf Alemania contra Italia! - Otto ¿Qué es el país de nuestros enemigos? - Zundagaf Pero, puedes hacer una oferta con ellos, sabemos que Alemania ganó el mundo pasado, es una potencia, está segura que ganara, y apuesta por ellos, pero cuando pierdan ... - Otto dejo terminar la frase a Zundagaf Pedir que se rindan - Zundagaf Si, jajajajaj, que gran idea Otto, ahora traiganme a uno de ellos menos al americano - Zundagaf Si señor - otto En la CAPOL Mike, va al jardín a orinar, pero aparecen Otto y Ritter Hasta la hora de ir al baño aparecen - Mike No, Harrison, esto es especial - Otto Otto y Ritter noquean a Mike con un bate, mientras que llevan a la guarida de Verwofene Ya en la guarida Jajajajajajajajajajajajaja hola Mike me extrañabas - Zundagaf Aaa, que quieres? - Mike Bueno, una oferta irechable, es una apuesta, a las 4 de la tarde se trata de Italia y Alemania, si Alemania gana, da la rendición y los prisioneros - Zundagaf Ok, ¿quieres apuestas, pero si Italia gana, tendras que rendirte, seré arestado y entregar los chips - Mike Es un trato Mike Harrison - Zundagaf ¿Puedo ser libre? - Mike Liberenlo - Zundagaf Luego Mike escabulle Corre, corre espumate jajaja, esto es pan comido - Zundagaf Mike corre hasta la casa de tom Mike donde estabas hijo - Napolincin Jefe, jefe no creeras que hice - Mike cansado Apodos con Zundagaf, en un partido de fútbol, pero si y se ganó, se rendirá y entregará los chips, pero si gana, tendremos que rendirnos - Mike ¡¿Qué?! ¿Aceptastes una puesta? - Napolincin No te preocupes que ganaran ellos - Mike Eso es injusto, aaa, buenooo, oo, es, yo, yo, bueno - Max nervioso hasta cuando se escucha un detonador activado ¿Qué es ese sonido? - Napolincin No, bueno ese sonido esta escuchando cosas - Max El sonido se desactivo A bueno, no sé que es tio, pero ahora tenemos que ver una apuesta - Napolincin Luego en la televisión marca Italia 2 Alemania 0 Siiiiiii, se termino, se rindio - Mike Si, termino la pelicula, digo, empieza la paz, se rindio! - Max Ahoran reclamenle - Napolincin Max y Mike se van a la guardia de Verwofene, Mientras verwofene No puede ser, como podrían perder, es el vigente Campeon del mundo - Zundagaf Jefe, hemos descibierto de algo, Mike no es una raza Italiana es un pastor suizo, y viene de Suiza - Ritter Ja, de seguro no sabe de esto pero que inepto - Zundagaf Oye Zunda, apuesta es apuesta, gano Italia, rindete - Mike No, no, porque no eres de Italia, eres un pastor Suizo, de Suiza, jajajajaja solo mire aqui - Zundagaf Mike va a la computadora y ve Es sierto, no soy italiano, soy suizo - Mike Jajajajajajaja - Zundagaf Bueno Mike, sabes que eres de Suiza - Max Pero, la CAPOL somos de Italia, mi jefe Napolincin es Italiano, ahora rindete - Mike O si no que? - Zundagaf O si no, haaaa, - Mike y buscando una amenaza Tus robots morirán antes de ser usados - Max en la computadora junto con el chip de Guanito No, no se inserta esa cosa - Zundagaf Entonces, ¿qué te parece? - Mike No, - Zundagaf Compye - Max Y le inseto el chip, pero no le hiso nada Jajaajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaj, creo que son idiotas, ese chip fue intercambiado a tu hijo, en la fiesta - Zundagaf Que? - Max No, no puede ser - Mike Han hecho el ridículo, jajajajajajajajajajajaja - Zundagaf Ahora es mi turno - Zundagaf serio Y todos los de Verwofene los disparan con miniguns Vamonooooooossss! - Max Mientras Max y Mike hullen de la minigun, que los disparan, No dejen que se escapen! - Zundagaf Y LUEGO empieza Una persecución, Corren y Saltan Encima de los tejados de la casa de San Remo Cuidado, aquí - Max LUEGO Saltan Hasta la calle Principal, por Donde Siguen corriendo de Mientras que Otto y Riter Los Siguen con electrocutadores LUEGO, en Otra Bajada, entrada a un callejón y vajan por el tejado de la casa de San Remo, como protección de satélites de cable y luego, llegan a la costa mediterránea . - Max ha empezado a saltar, ese bote! - Mike Y los dos salchones del tejado, y en el momento en que Mike lo enciende Vamos, vamos, vamos, - Mike Ahi estan - ¡Otto Saltemos! - Riter Si, vamoooos - Mike Y exactamente cuando el barco, se mueve, Otto y Riter caen al agua, y Max y Mike Hullen en el lugar donde se celebró cerca - Max Casi hibamos a perderlo todo - Mike Ahora que hacemos, Zundagaf no ha emitido y ese microchip fallo - Max No te preocupes todos dependemos entre nosotros, ahora para poder luchar contra ellos también debemos cuidarnos entre nosotros mismos, ya sabes Max, me salvado anoche - Mike De que you you have? - Max Si, todos debemos ayudar unos a otros, sabes que te debes una - Mike Mike, no es necesario - Max Sí, ve que dirás eso, pero algún día pasé, esos de Verwofene son imparables, no te preocupes de algún día, salvé el trasero y entonces querras agradecerme - Mike Jajajajajajaajajaja - Max y Mike Si, creo que tienes razón - Max Bueno, ahora Tenemos que regresar a nuestra guarida, exactamente en 70 metros de la costa - Mike Muy bien - Max y el barco se va y la cámara comienza a pasar lento hasta que se detiene Luego aparecen Max y Mike en la CAPOL Que, no pudo, eres un pastor suizo - Napolincin Si, no sabia que era de suiza, lo siento jefe, no sabia de donde soy - Mike Apartado de ahora, prohibir las apuestas, seguro seguro, para no cumplir con su apuesta, pero que tramposo - Napolincin Pero si es mejor dejar las apuestas o juegos de niños y vamos a nuestro trabajo serio, vamos a espiarlos, descubriremos en donde se guardan esos microchips de Zundagaf - Napolincin Ya en la noche con la cancion de espionaje Muy bien, duque estas en el pasillo? - Napolincin Si, jefe lo estoy - Duke Mike donde estas? - Napolincin Es el puerto - Mike Franklin estas en el sotano? - Napolincin Afirmativo jefe estoy ahi - Mike Gidget, estas en el ático? - Napolincin Si, estoy en el atico - Gidget Trevorlio donde estas? - Napolincin Estoy en un armario viejo - Trevorlio Tio donde estas? - Napolincin En una bodega, pero me parece sospechoso, - Max Luego, Max ve y ve a los personajes en una reunión, Max esconde la cabeza rápidamente Jefe, no puedo entrar, estan los enemigos - Max Muy bien, solo tomes una foto - Napolincin Luego Max toma una foto, pero venta un sonido fuerte, y Max se va Mejor me largo de aqui - max Jefe escuchó un sonido extraño - Otto Si, alguien tomo una fotografía o algo asi - Ritter Sera mejor ir a ver - Zundagaf Zundagaf ve que Max este hullendo Otra vez la CAPOL, estoy arto, que Max no nos dejó con nuestros planos, - Zundagaf Que va hacer jefe? - Otto Voy a reclutar a mi primo francés Le Max, - Zundagaf Para descubrir los secretos de la CAPOL, de Max y encontrar problemas relacionados con su reputación jajajaja, se arrepentirán - Zundagaf Luego en el escondite de la capital Muy bien, ¿tienen algo? - Tom Luego Max le entrega la camara Dejame ver esa foto - Tom Tom ve la cámara Bueno, antes de ver el partido. Luego abre la puerta por donde no hay luz, solo personal autorizado en un lugar escondido, mientras que Ken entra a la casa Hola Tom, ya estas listo para el partido, ¿Tom ?, ¿Tom? - Ken Que extraño, no esta en casa, y menos que esta en el cuarto de las fotografías, bueno, supongo que tendre que esperar - Ken Mientras la CAPOL Creo que Ken lo espera, pero donde estara? - Napolincin Escuchen salio tom del cuarto de investigacion - duque Luego Tom sale del cuarto de fotografías dejando a Axel limpiar la fotografía Si no me equivoco en 2 horas estara lista, tiempo para el partido - Tom Oye, Tom donde estabas? - Ken Estaba en el cuarto de las fotografías, una imagen sospechosa de Verwofene - Tom Se limpiara en 2 horas - Ken Bueno veamos el partido de los octavos de final - Tom Es, Italia contra España - Ken Estamos en este encuentro entre España e Italia, nuestro país debe pasar a cuartos de final - Narrador Luego despues del partido Siiiii, ganamos, pasamos a cuartos, cuartos - Tom y Ken Jajajaja, oye regreso en un rato - Ken Esta bien, cuidate - Tom Ahora, las fotos - Tom Luego Tom tiene una foto y descubre que hay una caja fuerte Ese objeto de ahi es la caja fuerte, el seguro que debe obtener microchips para dar vida a los aparatos electrodomésticos - Tom Pero, como podran abrir, buscare una manera - Tom Luego habla con Ken Si, es una caja fuerte - Ken ¿Pero como podremos saber como se abre? - Tom Porque no nos infiltramos en ese problema? - Ken Si, seria una buena idea, pero son de animal a animal, ellos no tienen un humano que recibe ordenes, solo son animales independientemente - Tom Deberian a ver como es el sistema de seguridad - Tom luego aparecen la CAPOL entrando al techo de la bodega por donde esta la caja fuerte Muy bien, veamos que seguridad es? - Napolincin ¿What? - Napolincin No puede ser, es una huella, - Napolincin Creo que solo de Zundagaf, lo puede desbloquear - Max Bueno al menos sabemos como es - Duke si, vamonos - napolincin Alto miren que estan haciendo - max Todos los chips son colocados en algunos aparatos electrodomésticos y empezando a cobrar vida, y otros cuartos también hacen lo mismo De eso les estaba hablando, Zundagaf, usa eso chips para despertar a los aparatos electrodomésticos - Napolincin Que mutacion - Duque Sera mejor salir de aqui, pueda descubirnos - Gidget Tienes razón, vamonos - Max Luego todos se van sigilosamente, pero Max es secuestrado por Otto y Ritter Muy bien ya sabes primo - Zundagaf Gui, no te preocupes, yo me encargaré - Le Max Luego, Max se llevó hasta una prisión Callate, ahora seras nuestro prisionero - Otto Que quieren - max Nada - Otto ajajajajaja - Otto y Ritter Bueno te dejamos aqui - Otto Adios - Ritter Luego Zundagaf recibe una llamada de Axelwel Muy bien, Axelwel, todo esto de acuerdo con el plan, pero no hubo ningún problema y era Max, pero ya nos encargamos de, jajajajajaja - Zundagaf Excelente, pronto el mundo está en nuestras manos, vamos a exterminar a los humanos, pero ¿cuánto tiempo tardarás en poner los chips? - Axelwel Si no me equivoco tardaremos en 4 meses, en colocarlos - Zundagaf 4 meses?!, Adelanten la produccion, entre mas rapido mas jugosa sera our venganza - Axelwel Y cuando sera nuestra fecha? - Zundagaf Jajajaja, planeado en el día de la final de la copa del mundo. 15 de Julio - Axelwel ¿Qué? Pero estamos atrasados, que son para adelantar la producción - Zundagaf Liberar a los perros, las perreras, encierren a cualquier mascota que se encuentre solo, o callejero, que trabaje para nosotros, así, podríamos adelantar la producción - Axelwel Es, una idea ingeniosa, jajajajaja, ya lo haces - Zundagaf En la sala principal Ok Axelwel nos dio una fecha y es 15 de julio, cuando termine la copa del mundo, los aparatos electrodomésticos deben haber destruido la humanidad, pero para adelantar esto, debemos secuestrar animales de perreras, publicar o callejeros cualquier tipo de mascota - Zundagaf Muu bien jefe, nos encargaremos de ellos - Otto Luego, Los Verwofene, hámsters secuentran, ratones, pajaros, gatos, perros de perrera, callerjeros o solitario, entre otros animales. Luego se reúnen en la sala central De acuerdo. Todos ustedes, no teman, solo haran unos favores para mi - Zundagaf Ahora trabajan para mi - Zundagaf Mi primera orden es robar aparatos eléctricos para colocar el chip, luego devolverlos y seguir hasta que todos los tengan- Zundagaf Jajajaja, que esperan trabajen! - Zundagaf Luego todos, van trabajando colocando chips, robando aparatos electrodomesticos y regresando Mientras tanto en la CAPOL, Napolincin busca una manera de destruir los chips, ¿Y si no podemos abrir, y estamos colocando los chips, como los destruieromos? - Napolincin Bueno, tengo que microchips son controlados por una computadora central, en esa computadora hay un chip con un virus para insertar y hacer clic en un pantallazo azul y los chips no funcionarán y caerán - Duke Es una buena idea, gracias Duke, muy bien, ¿dónde sacarás un chip con virus? - Napolincin Jejejeje ya se como iniciar - Le Max Oye, Napolincin, estas missiones son muy fracasadas, no crees que tu no planeas bien? - ¿Le está pasando por Max Que ?, No, tio, porque dices eso? - Napolincin Pero, hemos fracasado 2 veces seguidas, no crees que estas empezando a pasarte? - Le Max Sabes, tiene una razón, no hemos logrado con las dos misiones - ¿Trevorlio Que ?, ¿Qué dice que soy un mal lider? - Napolincin No - Mike Si, deberíamos rendirnos, saber, esta misión fue dificil, es aun peor, como peor que la RARS en 2016 - Le Max Que? Pero no hay expertos en ser agentes, ni súper espías, ni novios ni podimos derrotarlos - Duque Si, pero no ahora, no son solo tontos, ni tampoco han contado, ni nuestro mejor hermano. ? - Le max Sabes tio, no se porque dijistes eso, pero entiendo tu fracaso. - Napolincin Pero, los demas no, asi que, si eres rindete, retirate de la CAPOL y largate de San Remo - Napolincin Como quieras - el max Espera, max - Mike Que pasa hermano, todos lo que necesitas, eres el hermano de un líder de la capital en Nueva York - Mike Asi, y tu, tu, intentando a my girl - Le max Que? - Mike Que? - ¿Gidget Max, vas a seguir con eso? - Gidget Si, hasta la muerte, se que, no lo dices por miedo, e - le Max Que ?, - Mike Oye Max, no acuses de nuestro hermano, - Franklin Si, el ya tiene ... - Trevorlio es interumpido por le max Novia, si, y ya que es con ella, pero a escondidas, eh, pero que bonito, esto es insignificante - Le max Que? - Mike Max, que te ha pasado? - Gidget Nada, estoy bien, solo pongo justicia - le max Pero no inventes eso - Mike son tus celos - Gidget Que, celos, jajajajaja eso es imposible, ni siquiera conosco que es un celo - le max A con razon - Mike Callate , ¿Quieres - le max Y tu, creo, que escuche suficiente, solo dejame en paz - le max Quiere decir que terminamos? - Gidget Si - le max Bueno, creí haberte conocido mejor - Gidget Adiosito, nadie me necesita - le Max Max, ¿ha tomado? - duque No, y sabes, nunca me agradabas, desde que te conoci, sin aviso, la proxima vez que vengas a invadirme mi espacio, mi comida, mi casa !, Haslo con invitación - Le max Muy bien, - Duke enojado Max, largate - Napolincin Si, nadie quiere ver tu presencia! - ¡Duque Largate! - Mike muy bien me voy, - el máx. Se ha dado la vuelta y se va , se ve Como Se Va Hasta alejandose, Pero Mas Lejos Cuando No Se Puede ver Jajajajajajajajajajajajaja - el Máximo LUEGO SE comunica con Zundagaf Z, ya Hise tus ordenes, Este No Es Lo Que espera, Do La máxima felicidad , primo. Eres de gran ayuda - Zundagaf Regresa - Zundagaf Luego , colgo la llamada pero la cámara se graba en la guarida de Verwofene Jajajajajajajajajajajaja, sin ese máximo, toda la CAPOL esta perdida, jajajajajajajajaja, ahora usenlo como esclavo, y que trabaje! - Zundagaf Luego , otto y Riter, lo liberan, pero al poner las cadenas, max golpea a todo y empuja a ritter aaaaaaaaaaaa !, - otto Ooooooohh! - Ritter cuidado! - otto Y se estrellan Figate por donde vas, me han goleado - otto Se escapa! - Riter Y baja una palanca donde se escucha una alarma ¡ Diablos, debo escapar! - Máx. Y mienrras que las puertas de la entrada, se cierran, hasta que Por un pelo, la puerta se cierre por completo, perp adentro Que? - Otto No, no, no, no, abre la puerta, abrenla! - Riter Otto y riter, piden que se habra la puerta y golean la puerta, mientras que afuera Jajajajajaja, creo que ellos deben trabajar para z - Max Y luego, max, corre hasta llegar a la guardia de la CAPOL en la CAPOL Esperen que? - Max Y ve la casa de tom cerrada las puertas y ventanas No, no, no, no, ¿qué paso aquí? - Max Y ve la puertilla de perros y esta cerrada con Madrea, Max por su altura no puede alcanzar la perilla, se va a la puerta de traser, y encuentra lo mismo, luego va por las ventanas No, no, no, no, que pasa ?! - Max Y ve las otras ventanas cerradas Diablos, abran la puerta! - Max Mientras tengas el tejado una chimenea La chimenea, creo que aun lo tengo - Max Hasta llegar a un acuaducto, y luego, sube y termina en el tejado Luego, Max va a la chimenea y ve que no está en uso Si, no está en uso - Max Y luego, deja el gancho en el borde de la chimenea y Baja como alpinista. Mientras , No, porque Max Renuncio, El Era Mi Tio, Es Parte De Mi Familia - Triste de Napolincin Porque, Max Piensa Mal De Mi, No Sabes Que Ya No Estoy Disponible - Mike Si, pero creo que dominan los celos - Trevorlio Max ¿Qué es lo que te paso? - Gidget No, no puedo creer que una sorpresa mala, talvez porque vine sin aviso? - Duke and luego, se escuha un sonido en la chimenea, y cae el carbono ¿ Qué es eso? - Napolincin Alguien entra por la chimenea - Duque Siiiii, espero que mar Santa Claus, le pedi una pistola de agua - Napolincin Esperen, santa claus en julio? - Napolincin estamos en verano - Mike Y luego, cae Max y esta con carbón Max! - ¿Todos esperen que? - Mike Y lo ignora, Napolincin, tambien y luego Gidget tambien, luego Franklin y Trevorlio se unen. Miren como me veo, soy negro! - Max Padre, estas bien? - Gusanito si, hijo, gracias - Max No te preocupes, con jabon estaras bien - Guanito Oigan, porque todo esta cerrado, por que sigo, estoy secuestrando a todos uno por uno, yo fui secuestrado - Max Oigan, porque no me escuchan - Max Ya sabes, renunciantes - Napolincin ¿Sigue con el mal entendido - Mike Hasta rompistes con tu novia - ¿Franklin Que ?, Oigan, no creo que todo ese paso, ¿ha sido secuestrado - Max Como lo compruebas? - Napolincin Veran, cuando estabamos hullendo, me tomaron a mi, y vi a alguien identico a mi, por suerte el identificador pudo identificarlo - Max luego saca un identificador y Napolinicin v el nombre Le Max Renie, sicario y secuestrador frances, primo de Zundagaf - Napolincin leendo ¿Qué? - Napolincin Si, hasta que me encontré en la carcel - Max No, lo creo, aunque no lo haya dicho, para identificar a alguien y discriminar - Mike ¿Qué ?, Mike, pero yo no pelear por eso, de nuevo, saber que Eso está en el olvido, en el pasado - Max Si y tu amigo, dijiste que la vid a propósito de tu vida - ¿Duque Que ?, Pero, eso no me importa, siempre que recibo, quien venga, aunque no esté preocupado por los problemas de mi hijo - Max Si, y termina con migo, porque tenemos un amor en secreto - Gidget Que, pero esa es una tontería, Mike avisarla, eres un pastor Suizo de clase alta, que deberías hablar con respeto a una dama de clase alta - Max Creo, que tiene razón, Max - Trevorlio luego Todos los usuarios de un ordenador donde Trevorlio identificó el Le Max, fue ordenado por Zundagaf, y ahora estan felicitandolo. Por suerte pude hackearlo, pero lamentablemente no pude conseguir tanta información, pero este audio será suficiente - Trevorlio E luegp pone a reproducir el audio Z, ya hise tus ordenes, Max no sabra lo que espera, su reputación, su relación y relaciones sociales, este artículo y también Pude Poner El que decias mineral - No máximo en el audio , no, Puede Ser - Mike ENGAÑADOS FUIMOS, Por frances de la ONU! - Napolincin Lo ven - Max Sabes Max te debo una disculpa - Mike No, sabiamos que era el le max - Duke No, te preocupes, la Verwofene, no podemos engañar pero no por mucho tiempo, - Max Entonces significa que - Gidget Si, aun no fue tarde - max Saben, todos no crean en otros idiotas que se pasan por mi, pueden haber millas de clones mios, hasta por universos paralelos, pero nadie se compara por mi, Mike ya sabemos lo que intentamos hacer, y eso, fue bueno para tu parte, eres un perro elegante, un caballero, un duque, nunca he estado una visita, pero siempre estaba listo, siempre aceptar las bienvenidas, y recibirlos - Max Gid, yo nunca dije eso, eso fue algo que nunca yo lo liebre, Gid, sos unica para mi - Max Al ver esto, Gidget se puso feliz y dejar una lagrima de felicidad, Sobrino, no se que tonterías te dijo, pero si es fracasar misiones, pues, estoy hecho para las misiones, cuando me gustó, yo, y tus hermanos y mi heramano, derrotamos a los RARS, no sabiamos nada de espionaje, pero Lo pudimos derrotalo, talvez estoy hecho para liderar un negocio de controladores y otras cosas, y una asociación de espionaje, pero la Verwofene, no se quedara asi, me vengare de le - Max Vengaremos de el - Todo Que palabras, mas conmovedoras - Napolincin apunto de llorar Pero no, llorar es de bebes, como sea Max, siguies con nosotros? - Napolincin Pateemos esos traseros alemanes - Max Excelente, hemos planeado sobre una forma de destruir esos chips y está usando, un microchip que produce un pantallazo azul y la computadora y todo lo que hay que hacer - Napolincin Alto, alto, ahora lo reintento Tengo un niño, que crea chips dañinos el inspector Arthur Rossi - Trevorlio ¿What? Rossi, de nuevo? - Max Max, lo conoces? - Gidget Si, y Duke también trabajamos en una misión en navidad del 2016, pero no nos pagan - Max Si, estaba retrasado y tenia que venir rapido aquí - Trevorlio Como mar, puede crear, esos chips, pero hay una condición que tenemos para dar un cambio - Trevorlio Si, alguna idea para dar algo a cambio - Napolincin Ya se, porque no le damos un almuerzo - Max Puede ser una gran idea, no hay nada mejor que una casa de otra persona, pero que gran idea - Napolincin Pero tendre que hacerlo yo solo, para poder convencerlo mas - Max Es una idea grandiosa - Gidget Si, asi, no tendra ningun problema - Max Muy Trevorlio llama a tu tio, que le invitamos a un almuerzo a cambio de un chip con virus - Napolincin Muy bien - Trevorlio Tio, Preparate - Napolincin Y luego, ve Napolincin un liquido Agua, creo que es soda, pero tengo sed - Napolincin Luego, Napolincin se lo toma, y luego empieza a sentir mareos Aaaaa, tengo dolor de cabeza, creo, que, no, puede ser, creo que voy a... - Napolincin no completo las palabras porque se desmayo Sobrino, Napolincin, depierta! - Max O, no, Arthur debe estar ya - Duke Ya se, Padre, yo me lo encargo, llamare a los demas, y lo atenderemos, tu debes atender a Arthur - Gusanito Si, confia en nosotros - Duke Esta bien, llevenlo, y curenlo - Max Luego se lo llevan y cierran la puerta Espero que este bien - Max Ya das despues en la semifinal Max prepara un asado al horno y Arthur llega y toca la puertilla y Max abre Bueno aqui estoy kuwani apesar de tus señas - Arthur Inspector Arthur, esta preparado para un almierzo inolvidable - Max Ñaaa - Arthur Luego Arthur espera, y pone una botella de bebida en una cubeta de hielo mientras que Max va a la cocina y se sorprende por el asado quemandose Bolainas! - Max Mi asado se aruino - Max Luego ve a la ventana en un restaurante de McDonald's Pero que tal si, comprara comida hecha y dijera que yo la prepare - Max Mujojojooo, eres un diablillo Max - Max Luego Arthur entra y ve Luego sale un cuadro con toda la estupidez de Max y Arthur en diciembre de 2016 Primero sale un letrero donde dice Jack Kuwani y el inspector Arthur Rossi - Narrador Luego sale un cuadro de que Ilay, Napoleón, Napoleón falso, Max y Duke explotan una casa y esa era el baño de Arthur y Arthur andentro, el otro estaba cubriendo un Arthur con nueve y formando un muñeco de nieve otro cuando Napoleón le da una sopa a Arthur lo prueba y escupe, mientras que Napoleón falso lo sopla y cae el agua caliente a la cara de Arturo, Ilay, Max, Duke y los dos Napoleones se reian de el, y el ultimo cuando arthur pregunta a Max donde estan los demas y max Responde a la pregunta de que está dentro de una ventana Kuwaniiiii! - Arthur Inspector estaba, estirado las pantorrillas en la puerta, ejercicios isométricos, quiere intentarlo? - Max Porque sale humo de su horno Kuwani - Arthur A, a, eso no es humo, es vapor, vapor de las almejas al vapor, que preparo, mmmm, almejas - Max Luego Arthur se va Giu - Max Max se va por la puerta y se va un McDonald's, luego Max regresa Bien inspector, listo para unas deliciosas hamburguesas? - Max No dijo que cenariamos almejas al vapor? - Arthur No, no, dije Hamburguejas al vapor, así le dije a las hamburguesas - Max Les dice hamburgejas eh? - Arthur Si, es termino regional - Max A, de que region? - Arthur Aa, sur de Nueva York - Max A, si, yo soy de Brooklyn y James o el termino de hamburgejas al vapor - Arthur No, no, en Brooklyn es el término de Manhattan - Max Ya veo - Arthur No sé son muy similares a las hamburguesas McDonald's - Arthur Ojojo, no, no, son hamburguesas Kuwani, una vieja receta familiar - Max De Hamburguejas al vapor - Arthur Si, - max Si, le dice al vapor apesar que se hacen en parilla - Arthur A, sabe heno, heno, una cosa que yo, yo, intento, decir, - Max disculpenme un momento - Max si, claro - arthur Max entra a la cocina con fuego y venta Aaaaaahaaaa, bueno fue muy agradable, maravilloso, estoy exsausto - Max Si, mejor me voy aaa, que es ese resplandor? - Arthur al fuego en la cocina Aurora boreal - max Aaa? ¿Aurora boreal? - Arthur ¿En esta epoca del año? ¿A esta hora del día? ¿En esta parte del mundo? - Arthur Si max Puedl Verlo - Arthur Max piensa pero dice No - max Luego Max y Arthur salen Maxi, se esta quemando la casa! - Sra. Kuwani No, mamá, son las luces del norte! - Max Bien Kuwani es un Jack Russell Terier muy extraño, perp debo decir que hace muy buenas hamburgejas - Arthur Arthur se va, pero se detiene y da la vuelta por el grito de mamá de Kuwani, mientras que Max se pone en tranquilidad y Arthur se va ¡Auxilio! ¡Socorrooo! - Sra. Kuwani Max entra a la casa luego de controlar cob el fuego Lo tienes - max Si no tienes nada que ver con tu comida, no sé lo que haces, hambrunas al vapor una comida única - Trevorlio Tio, tienes una misión importante para nosotros, cumpliremos tu venganza con Lee Max, te infiltraras y te pasaras por el -Napolincin Mañana antes de activar los robos, se reunirá cerca del monumento en Caduti, no hay planeación y razón para planear todo esto - Napolincin Entonces preparate - Mike Luego Max se preparará pasando por el Frances Sicario Le Max, en la mañana Estoy listo - Max Max, ten cuidado - Gidget Estare bien, - Max Luego en un bar de ricos, en el monumento ai Caduti y empieza una música de espionaje Jajajajaja, hoy es el gran dia, el dia en que cumpliermos nuestra veganza - Zundagaf Hey, primo llegaste - Zundagaf Gui, llege a tiempo - Max No te iras a Francia, hasta cuando hayas visto los humanos - Zundagaf Victor, llegastes - Zundagaf Vamos, quiero ver a los humanos morir - Victor Ya lo veremos, nosotros somos los que fuimos desechados por los humanos, los que no hemos olvidado, los que no hemos visto, los que hemos visto, los crudos, pero esto a todo terminara - Axelwel Hoy, ellos murieron, cumplieron nuestro trabajo con los humanos, los humanos sufrieron nuestra muerte - Axelwel Mientras Axelwel habla, Max coloca el chip en la computadora central, mientras todos estamos felices y alegres hasta que Alto, primo que haces -Zundagaf Luego lo descubren que es Max Un momento, es Max matenlo! - Zundagaf Empieza una musica de acción pura que, que pasa, ahi - Axelwel Luego se empieza a escuchar la voz original Que, Axel? - Max Aaa, que, diablos, corten la señal -Axelwel terminando su señal, mientras empieza a tiroteo, Max hulle pero lo sigen hasta que Alto, -Zundagaf Mejor activenlos robos ya! - Zundagaf Axelwel se presenta, y es Axel, y activa el boton Si, Max me descubrio, los demas no - Axelwel Luego los aparatos se ubican en la casa de San Remo, Y empezaron a exterminar a los humanos, los humanos gritan y hullen Mientras Max se encuentra con la CAPOL Que paso - Napolincin Hay tumbas problemas, tenemos que atacar - Max No se preocupen, no estan solos - Ilya Hermano, - Max No sólo nosotros estamos - Napoleón Luego, en un país de mascotas, países como China, Inglaterra, Francia, España, Rusia, Alemania, Portugal, México, Japón y Australia y los principales integrantes de la CAPOL Muy bien, todos - Max Ataquen - Ilay Todos los dispositivos de ataque de todos los países, Intentando el tema de las máquinas, pero los aparatos eléctricos, se defienden y todos atacan, hasta que Max atrapa a Zundagaf y lo amenaza Muy bien, Zundagaf, no me recuerdas tengo una bomba, ¿quieres que te diga tu verdadera identidad de Rusia - Max Y se activa la bomba con 3 minutos Jajajajajaja, esa historia no es mia, solo soy un trabajador del gran jefe, pero mire tu bomba se activo - Zundagaf Compruebalo - Max Desactivar - Zundagaf Y paso d minutos Aa, - Max Ves, no soy yo, ni es mi historia - Zundagaf Luego Max, piensa y sabe que Axelel es el lider Muy bien, amigos arrestenlo - Max Muy bien, quedo bajo arresto por la CAPOL Zundagaf - Napolincin Luego Max va de regreso al bar de ricos cerca del monumento Ai Caduti Alto, Max a donde vas? - Mike Voy a encangarme de alguien, siganme - Max Luego, en la capilla de los ricos, cerca del monumento Ai Caduti Luego Max entra Oye Axel - Max Axel? - Napolincin Tu eras el líder de la Verdad y todo esto - Max Si, todo está contra mi venganza, los humanos, los crueles y nos desechan o rechazan, - Axelwel Pero Axel, eras de los nuestros - Napolincin Lo siento, soy tu socio, pero desde que me encontré con la Verdadera para cumplir con mi vengaza, y ustedes no me envitaran - Axelwel De seguro. Que profesor Z, yo conto su historia que en realidad es tuya, y tu mismo colocastes esa bomba que ahora esta activa - Max Desactiva esta bomba o ambos moriremos - Max Max, no - Gidget No, hermano, eso es una locura - Ilay No, no, se de que hablas - Axelwel Vamos, desactivela o nos desaparece de la fas de la tierra - Max Y la bomba tiene 30 segundos. Tu, eres Zajov, la mascota de Vladimir Putin, y no fuiste remplazado por un pollo llamado Arkano, tuviste celos, y no pudistes controlarlos - Max Termina esto pacifiamente, o use la fuerza - Max Solo quedan 5 segundos - Max Todos sus amigos están preocupados por la idea de Max. Alto, alto esta bien, bomba desactivate! - Axelwel Bomba desactivada que tenga un buen dia Sr. Miles Axelwel - bomba Arrestenlo - Max Mientras tanto, coloca el microchip en la computadora central y todos los robots, pierden la vida y se mueren mientras que los humanos y los animales están felices por lo que todo ha terminado Max, Que gran idea - Ilay Aveces debes atreverte - Max Max, Max, crei que hibas a morir - Gidget abrasandolo No, solo es una trampa que le prepare, Axelwel, no aceptó que es el líder de la Verwofene, solo con esto es la única forma - Max Si, la paz llego en San Remo - Duke Luego, se pasa de una imagen a otra donde estan todos reunidos para despedirse Fue un gusto, trabajar con todos ustedes, - Mike Si, gracias, Mike espero que encuentres tu amor - Max Ja, no te preocupes, ella vive en Niza, y creo que todo termino, podremos salir - Mike Mike? - Celia Harrison? - Celia Cariño? - Mike Mike! - Celia Celiaaaa! - Mike Y luego, se juntan los dos abrazando felices Como te extranaba - Celia Tambien, yo, y ahora, hemos salvado, la humanidad - Mike Que? - Celia Si, todos los planes de Zundagaf, fueron derrotados, eso significa que podremos salir en paz - Mikee Alto, Harrison - Napolincin y Mike se detiene Quiero, darte esto - Napolincin Y luego, le da una medalla de cumplimiento de la mission Felicidades Mike Harrison, contigo hemos derrotado a la Verwofene - Napolincin No, no solo fui yo, tambien Max nos dio de ayuda - Mike Saben, todos hemos ayudado, si nos estariamos juntos, esta humanidad se terminaria, y nuestras vidas cambiarían - Max Si, todos hemos unido y juntos derrotamos a Verwofene - Franklin Felicidades a todos, pero antes de ir les dare sus medallas - Napolincin Mike, cuidate - Napolincin No, te preocupes, si hay una mision solo llamame, estare en Niza, viviendo feliz con mi novia - Mike Vamonos cariño, tenemos muchos planes que hacer - Mike Y luego, se aleja el audio y Mike y Celia se van. Mike, siempre ha tenido novia - Max Ah, miren ahi, Mike regresa con su novia y aun no tenemos novia - Franklin Yo, ya estoy envejeciendo - Trevorlio Trevorlio y Franklin, tomen sus medallas - Napolincin Wow, sobrino, de donde conseguistes medallas, tan pronto - Max James lo tenia, ya que sabia que ganariamos porque asi dice el gui... digo, digo, porque los protagonistas ganan, si, asi es - Napolincin Muchas gracias Napolinicin - Franklin Fue un gusto, trabajar para usted mi señor - Trevorlio Pero, si hay problemas, solo los llamare - Napolincin Solo, una pregunta, Crees que ser zombi es normal? - Franklin No se preocupen, si aprende algo indebido, le borrare la mente y luego, se convertira en normal, aunque solo dure unos minutos - Ilay Si, y viendo todo lo de antes, Ilay, quiero tener novia, novia, novia, novia. Novia... - Napolincin es interumpido por el borrador de memorias que Ilay le lanzo Como este ejemplo - Ilay O, que, que, paso, porque no soy zombi, solo recuerdo que derrotamos a Profesor Z - Napolincin Pero, con el paso de los tiempos se reducira los recuerdos - Ilay Bueno, si esta bien - Franklin Bueno, pero fue un gusto que nos ayudaran - Napolincin Si, gracias - Franklin Gracias - Trevorlio Adios, vuelva pronto - Napolincin Ahora, Max, Duke, Gidget, Gusanito, Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon Falso gracias por venir ayudarnos, si, no son de europa, pero... - Napolincin es interumpido por Ilay, ahora el discurso - Ilay Ah, si, ehhh?, ya recorde, gracias, por su ayuda, y felicidades q todos - Napolincin Y luego, le entrega medallas, a Max, Duke, Gidget, Gusanito, Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon Falso Y ahora, mi propia medalla, por ser un buen lider, y dar ordenes de enviar a ustedes a Europa - Napolincin Creo, que tenemos que irnos, sobrino - Max Si, hijo, cuidate aqui - Ilay Gracias, a todos y cuidanse - Napolincin Adios, fue un gusto servirle - Todos adios, no se preocupen, los visitare a Nueva York en Navidad! - Napolincin Y luego, se van con James para enviarlos en su avion, pero antes Max volvea a verlo, y le dice Sobrino - Max Que - Napolincin Solo a nosotros nos tiene que dar medallas - Max Y luego, Napolincin ve atras a muchos animales de distintos paises que ayudaron a derrotar a la Verwofene Oooh, que, amigos, no tengo tantas medallas! - Napolincin Luego, se va con James, Ken y Tom Hemos logrado, la humanidad, se ha salvado - James Oye, jefe, gracias por traer a tus reclutas a Europa - Tom Ah, no te preocupes, la CAPOL, no se diferencian por continentes, somo uno, y todos somos los mismos - James Luego, llegan Max, Duke, Gidget, Gusanito, Ilay, Napoleon y Napoleon Falso felicidades a todos, juntos hemos acabado con la Verwofene - James Y, que increible plan Max al usar tu bomba como amenaza a Axel - Ken si, aunque no se porque Axel, estubo con la Verwofene todo el tiempo y nos ha traicionado? - Tom No, te preocupes Tom, aprendera una leccion en el hospital de terapias para animales - James Si, tienes razon? - Tom Bueno, tenemos que irnos, Ken, vamonos - James A, James, esta bien, pero, hoy es la final de la copa del mundo, y juegan Brasil e Italia - Ken Ken, quiere estar ahi, apoyando a su pais natal - Tom Bueno, esta bien, puedes quedarte un dia mas, pero mañana te quier ver en la guarida - James Si, señor, no te preocupes estare ahi - Ken Por sierto, para arreglar los daños, financie el dinero de esta targeta - Tom Un momento, deja ver esa targeta - James Y luego, ve que es la targeta de crédito de James Aaaah, es mi targeta, Ese era mi dinero Tommy! - James Jajajajaja, solo eran bromas - Tom Si, casi olvidabas tu targeta - Ken Que?, ojo, jaja jaja jaja ja, no puede ser, no me habia acordado, muchas gracias chicos - James No, te preocupes, el goberino paga nuestros daños, por defensa - Tom Buenol esta, bien, bueno, es hora, de regresar a casa, cuidanse - James Adios, james - Ken gracias por la visita - Tom Luego, la imagen se funde mientras James y todas las mascotas se van. Mientras en el apartamento de Kate Ya recibiste alguna señal de ellos? - Agnes la madre de Kate No, llevan mas de un mes, perdidos, hemos puesto Letreros con recompensas, pero no hay señales de ellos - Kate Tarde o temprano tienen que venir - Scott el hermano de Kate Luego tocan la puerta y Kate abre Hola, en que puedo servirles? - Kate Es usted kate? - James Si - Kate Dulces sueños - James y le borra la memoria, al ver esto Scott y Agnes se quedaron paralizados viendo a James Ustedes dos, no han visto nada- James y le borra la memoria también Asi no descubriran nuestro secreto - James Bueno, Max y Duke, ya estan en su hogar - James Muchas, gracias por ayudarnos, por segunda vez - James Y no se olviden, Ilay y tus sobrinos estaran en Queens - James Luego, James se va Adios jefe - Max y Duke Muchas gracias - Duke A, por sierto, si quieren adoptar a esta oruga, pues no hay problema, solo cuidenlo de el - James Ahora, si, tengo que hacer otra entrega Y lo mismo con los dueños de Gidget Hemos hecho de todo, e incluso hemos puesto una recompensa muy millonaria, pero porque nadie viene - Jack Ella es como una hija, como un desaparecido, su vida corre peligro - Rouse Tocan la puerta con un timbre Ustede hijo Jack y Rouse? - James Si, que le ofrecemos señor? - Jack Dulces sueños, le borro la memoria a los dos Muy bien, Gidget, ya está en tu casa, gracias por ayudarnos, ahora debemos regresar, vamonos Ilay, Napoleon, y Napoleon Flaso - James Ooo, que paso, no recuerdo nada, pero almenos esta Max y Duke con nostros - Kate Que, paso, no recuerdo casi nada - Agnes Yo tambien scott Solo esta todo bien, bueno a la final del mundo Italia y Brasil - Kate Mientras lo mismo con ellos Que, extraño, no recuerdo que paso - Jack Creo que nos demayamos, - Rouse Lo bueno, es que estamos bien, ahora veremos la final del mundo, hasta nosotros podemos ver - Jack Mientras que en Italia Este año Italia gana otra vez en Europa - Tom Woooo, vamos Italia, - Ken Todos los presonajes hasta las mascotas estan viendo el partido mientras que la Verwofene en una carcel estan viendo el partido Bueno, almenos podemos ver el partido - Otto Si, almenos - Axelwel Rrrrrrrrrrr - Axelwel de furia. Estamos en 86 minutos y no podremos ir a tiempo extra, si nos adelanta, si no, si no, si no, Julio todo, o si, si no, no, si no, no me gusta ni nada. - Naradores Y todos los demas sobretodo los de CAPOL de Italia gritan el gol, y estamos felices que nos llevamos el premio pero en el 89 'se acerca Coutinio, se acerca el tiro gol, gooooooooooooooolll de Brasil, empate el marcador con 1 a 1, irán a tiempo extra - Narrador Todos los demas dicen goooool, excepto los de CAPOL de Italia, Nooooo, - Tom, Ken, Mike, Napolincin, Franklin, Trevorilio y Arthur En el tiempo extra solo queda 1 minuto, si no hay tiempo extra en este partido que se repitió la última vez en estados unidos 94 'podra Italia vengarse de Brasil, con su derrota en penales, pero que esto no, es Neymar, ve sobre el balon, lo lleva adelato, el buffon, este, vamos a usarlo, vamos, viene Neymar, el tiro, gol, gooooooooooooooolll, brasil, brasil, trata de hexacampeon del mundo en el minuto 119! - Naradores Todos están felices, que apoya a Brasil, mientras que los de Italia, se ponen a llorar Nooooooo, porqueeee - Tom Solo tenemos 4, 4, y otra vez gana brasil - Ken Luego del partido Brasil es el ganador de la copa del mundo - Kate No puedo creerlo, volvio a perder Italia, otra vez, - Scott Alto, y Max? - Kate Luego ve en el tejado Max junto con Gidget, y lo mismo con los dueños de Gidget Que esta haciendo - Jack Dejala, eso es normal, - Rouse Creo que si, el es ideal para ella, pero de quien pertenecera? - Jack Oo, Max esta enamorado con ella - Kate Creo, que deberian vivir juntos, - Kate Mientras que Max y Gidget Despues de estos ultimos años, fueron los mejores de mi vida, junto a ti, - Max Si, fueron hermosos, estos últimos años - Gidget Gidget, quieres casarte conmigo, y formar una familia, adoptando a nuestro hijo, Gusanito? - Max Oh, Max, crei, que nunca llegaria este dia! - Gidget Luego, se dan naricitas, (que eso es beso en animal) Tengo, padres, si, no solo tengo un padre, tambien tengo mamá, siiiii, despues de 1 de sufrimiento, bueno, aunque no sufri, aun vivia con mis mayoresdomos y sirvientes, los quiero abrasaaaar! - Gusanito y se va a abrazar a Max y Gidget Ahora, seremos una familia - Gusanito Claro que si hijo - Gidget Ahora, lo somos - Max Luego en la ventana Felicidades amigo, ahora eres un perro, literalmente - Duke Hola, eres tu propetaria de ese Jack Russell Terier? - Jack De Max, si, soy yo, - Kate Nosotros somos los dueños de Gidget - Jack Vaya, su perro, es ideal para nuestra pomerania, - Rouse Si, quieren, pasen - Kate Gracias - Jack y Rouse Creo que empezaremos una buena amistad - Rouse Luego se aleja la camara y se funde la imagen. Luego, unos dias despues se encuentra con su banda mientras se escucha la musica de fondo de The message de Grandmaster flash & furious Hey, Max regresastes! - Peppi Bienvenidos de regreso, amigo - Buddy donde estabas colega? - Mel Si, donde has estado? - Chloe Porque no te hemos visto, por mas de un mes, - Snowball Cuentenos colega - Rocco que paso con tu relacion? - Norman No se preocupen, estaba haciendo una mission que les contare, acerquense - Max Luego, Max empieza a contar lo que paso en San Remo, mientras que empieza a fundir la imagen y empieza los credías del final. Mientras despues se empieza un cuadro, donde sale que es Navidad en Nueva York, y Napolinicin llega junto con Tom Feliz navidaaad! - Tom Tom, llegastes, - James Si, no me perdería la cena de Navidad y el año nuevo - Tom Pues, vamos amigo - James Luego en la CAPOL Dejare que Napolincin salude a su padre y sus hermanos, por sierto desde que tomo un mineral extraño, se ha vuelto zombi muy seguido Hijo, bienvenido! - Ilay Weeeh, ej, eeeh, eeehe, egeee,gegege, - Napolincin hablando como zombi Aaaah, creo que el efecto fue aumentando - Ilay Ya se - Napoleon falso, y le borro la mememoria a Napolincin ooo, que paso, Ilay! - Napolincin Napolincin! - Ilay Oigan, pero que hacen en San Remo? - Napolincin Ah, que, no estamos en San Remo, estamos en Nueva York - Ilay Que?, y como llege aqui? - Napolincin Bueno, pues en el camino te lo explicamos, por ahora, vamos a visitar a tu tio y su familia - Ilay por sierto, Ilay, mientras el mundo se encuentra en paz, me empezado a dedicar a las pizzas, planeo crear un restaurante de pizzas y pasta - Napolincin Wow!, es una gran idea, Napolincin - Ilay Y ustedes, que decidieron hacer, mientras hay paz? - Napolincin Bueno, yo quiero ser religióso, y demostrar la palabra de Dios a los demas animales - Napoleon falso Y yo sigo vendiendo helados - Napoleon Bueno, porque no vamos con mi tio, para la cena exquisita, espero, que me dejan cocinar - Napolincin Jajajajajajaja, si vamos - Ilay Y luego, llegan al apartamento de Kate y donde se reunen Ilay, Napoleon, Napoleon falso, Max, Duke, Gidget, Gusanito y Napolinicin Feliz navidad tio! - Napoleon, Napoleon falso y Napolinicin Sobrinos, bienvenidos - Max Bienvenidos sobrinos! - Gidget Hola, primos - Gusnito muy abrigado Porque, esta abrigado? - Napoleon Pues, me arrepenti, de no usar abrigo antes - Gusanito Luego, se ve lo que paso antes No, se preocupen, tengo el calor acostumbrado de Irak - Gusanito Hijo, te lo advertimos, es peligroso... - Max es interumpido porque gusanito al salir entro con una velocidad rapida aaaaaaahaaaaaa, que friooooooooo! - Gusanito Y luego, van al presente Es por eso - Gusanito Bueno, vamos a cenar, - Max Muy bien, donde esta Duke? - Napoleon Estoy, aqui, y saben que, estoy aburriendo de mi vida corriente, me decidi, trabar de una semilla, para la tentacion, digo. Digo, a construir destrucciones, - Duke Buen pasatiempo - Napolincin si, aunque ahora estoy de vacaciones - Duke Ilay, cuando tendre una novia, y unos hijos, quiero que sean 6, iguales a mi y a ella - Napoleon mientras Ilay se descontrola, se escucha una parte de la cancion de Medio loco en el coco de Crypess Hills aaaaaaaa, se me olvido el borramemorias, aaaa, vamonos, por ese borramemorias, aaa! - Ilay Por eso, odio, nueva york!, como es que mi hermano y su familia, sobreviven a esta ciudad de locoooos! - Ilay Y luego, se suben al camion de James y por error mueve la palanca de retroceder, mientras James, estaba comprando pirotecnia, se da cuenta que el carro se va de retroceso y corre a el, y baja en una colina Alto, alto, alto, mi carro, que alguien me detenga mi carrroooooooo! - James Y luego, finaliza los primeros creditos, y empieza a leer los demas creditos a rodar, mientras que al final del mensaje, sigla can can de de Check you self de laura branigan y luego de los creditos termina con el logo de Illumination Entertainment, Columbia Pictures y Sony Televisión. ","Summary":" NOMBRE: The Secret life of pets 2 (ingles) La Vida Secreta de tus Mascotas 2 (Latinoamérica) La Vid"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Kembang Kampung","Author":"Viloh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12445747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : The Raid selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T Genre: Drama Uco dkk. Notes: Buat Chocofit yg gak sengaja mampir ke sini, wah gak nyangka ternyata sya bisa bikin fic baru di fandom ini haha. Jadi ayo sya tunggu juga fic baru kmu atau updatetan kmu jg. Makasih jg bagi pembaca yg udah mampir dan meluangkan waktu membaca fic ini. . . \"Kembang Kampung\" . . Subuh, satu jam seusai Imsyak sahur Wak Khaji Bejo diketahui mengumpat marah-marah di teras rumahnya. Tak lain tak bukan penyebabnya karena beberapa pemuda kampung kurang kerjaan tengah iseng menyumet bergulung-gulung petasan srikandi di depan halaman. Ketika petasan mereka berhasil meletus bunyi letusannya memang terdengar menggelegar seperti bom atom. Maka saat ini dikhususkan bagi Wak Khaji Bejo yang sedang mengidap sakit gigi, suara petasan itu seolah sedang mencabut nyawanya. Sambil terus uring-uringan Khaji Bejo menyambar sapu lidi yang bersandar di tembok sebelah pintu gerbang. Sapu lidi tersebut dijadikan senjata pamungkasnya untuk menggebuki pantat para pemuda kampung yang tadi telah sengaja berbuat onar, menurutnya. Tanpa perlu diselidiki lagi ia tahu siapa dalangnya, pasti pelakunya mengarah ke kawanan anak laki-laki Bangun si calon kades, yang juga secara terang-terangan seteru lamanya. Bukan didesak oleh permainan politik ataupun masalah pencitraan, anak dari seteru Khaji Bejo bersedia dengan sengaja mengirim petasan srikandi ke halaman rumahnya. Melainkan poin utamanya ialah si pemuda sedang naksir berat pada keponakan pengusaha rambutan itu. Keponakan Khaji Bejo sudah memasuki tubuh perawan, sebuah bukti kecil bahwa ia tengah menjadi sorotan para mata lelaki. Hal inilah yang kerap kali membuat Khaji Bejo naik pitam, gerah tatkala mendapati keponakan perempuannya dipakai sebagai bahan cari perhatian oleh sebagian pemuda di kampung. Selain urusan cantik, sebenarnya alasan sakral Khaji Bejo terlalu melindungi keponakan perempuannya cukup sepele. Satu, karena ia sayang. Dua, karena keponakannya merupakan amanah dari sang kakak ipar, perempuan cinta pertamanya sejak dulu. Jadi untuk saat ini agar keponakan perempuannya tidak salah pilih pacar, Khaji Bejo sangat mewanti-wanti. Mencari ke balik semak-semak atau di atas pohon mangga podang nyatanya kawanan pemuda badung penyumet petasan sudah lenyap. Khaji Bejo mengumpat lagi menghiraukan gusinya yang bengkak. Sapu lidi di tangannya diacung-acungkan ke udara, ia menggerutu kesal tidak karuan. Jika kemarin pas buka puasa ia tak kesurupan makan kurma sehingga membuat gigi bolongnya kumat, sudah pasti ia mengejar kawanan itu menelusuri jalan setapak dekat tegalan. Sudah pasti. Ah, sakit gigi ini menganggu, nyeri sekali rasanya. Tapi daripada nyeri sakit gigi lebih nyeri lagi mendapati kamar keponakan perempuanku disambangi laki-laki. Batin Khaji Bejo berbisik, ia mengelus-elus dadanya dan terlalu gelap mata. Meskipun apa yang ada dalam pikirannya belum tentu benar terjadi sebab perlu digaris bawahi jika cinta Uco terhadap keponakan gadisnya selama ini telah bertepuk sebelah tangan. Oleh karenanya pemuda itu gemar cari perhatian. Uco pintar memainkan moment yang ada tapi justru sekarang Khaji Bejo selalu jadi korbannya, lebih tepat terciprat getahnya. Menghiraukan kesakitan Khaji Bejo berada di tempat lain, di sebuah gardu pos ronda. Sekumpulan kawanan tampak asik bercengkrama sedang ngobrol sana-sini. Topik terhangat yaitu aksi meraka lima belas menit lalu. Uco sang punggawa berseri-seri menceritakan keberaniannya menyumet sumbu petasan di halaman rumah Khaji Bejo. Keberanian diumbar di depan mata kawan-kawannya seakan digunakan untuk menyembunyikan sikap tak tahu diri. Mendengar cerita Uco yang dibuat menarik kawan-kawannya mengangguk berkali-kali lipat. Mereka sepaham, kenakalan hanyalah suatu kesenangan untuk menolak aturan. Namun ada juga salah seorang kawannya yang tidak terlalu setuju, namanya Eka. Tidak pada kenakalan atau kebaranian melainkan pada cara kerjanya. Untuk terang-terangan menyukai seorang gadis, bagi Eka cara kerja Uco sama saja seperti seorang pengecut. Ia punya persepsi sendiri. \"Kurang kerjaan lu Co, ngajak kita kelayapan buat nyumet petasan.\" Uco yang masih berseri-seri karena merasa diperhatikan membalas perkataan kawannya. Setiap kali ia melakukan sesuatu yang berhubungan dengan keponakan Khaji Bejo ia akan merasa terbang ke awang-awang. Meskipun hanya perasaannya saja, ia tak perduli. \"Ini udah jamannya Ka, petasan tu maenannya laki-laki.\" \"Yaelah, bilang ja lu mau caper ke ponakannya Khaji Bejo. Dari dulu lu gitu terus Co.\" sanggah Eka. \"Lah, itu lu ngerti sendiri kan Ka,\" balas Uco sumrigah. 'Gua kasih tau ya, caper tu seharusnya ngasih bunga bukan malah petasan.\" Lantas semua kawanan itu tertawa terbahak-bahak, tak terkecuali Uco. Ia yang tawanya malah paling kencang. Eka geleng-geleng kepala heran. \"Yah gimana lagi, liat sekarang gua kagak punya bunga hanya punya petasan.\" Uco memamerkan lima gulung petasan impling srikandi yang dirogoh dari dalam kantong celananya. Petasan tersebut cuma berisi bubuk karbit yang digulung dengan kertas karton dan dikasih sumbu. Buatan sendiri para kawanan itu, tidak dijual eceran tapi masih bisa meletus. Mereka bangga lalu menguji letusannya di halaman rumah Khaji Bejo setelah sahur. Tradisi membiarkan suara petasan berdengung-dengung, sukacita disambut kecuali oleh Uco yang memiliki maksud lain. ... Sepulang sekolah kawanan Uco mejeng di parkiran. Mereka duduk-duduk di atas jok Honda kalong antik mengkilap keluaran 70. Kawanan itu merasa tampak paling keren dengan kaca mata bulat berwarna coklat nangkring di atas kepala, berbalut setelan kemeja putih cekak serta celana abu-abu model komprang. Semenjak sering nongkrong di parkiran Uco semakin lupa bahwa pertemanan mereka tak terasa sudah terjalin selama sebelas tahun. Mereka empat sekawan, saling ketemu pas dulu belajar mengaji di Madrasah. Lalu Uco memutuskan membentuk genk dari kawanan ini sebab ia terinspirasi dari drama Tv yang menceritakan kehidupan empat pemuda kaya raya. Sekurang-kurangnya tidak di dalam cerita Tv drama tentu saja Uco juga ikutan menjadi ketua genknya. Dilihat dari sudut manapun bapaknya memang paling kaya raya sekampung karena punya partai, Kedua Benny, ketiga Eka, terakhir Rama paling jelata tapi paling jago beladiri. Uco serta kawan-kawannya senang mejeng dimana-mana, tapi lebih senang di parkiran motor sekolah karena bisa menggoda gadis-gadis satu sekolah yang lewat. Darah muda bersemayam abadi sehingga Uco merangkulnya erat-erat. Sejak kelas sepuluh ia sudah mengejar-ngejar cinta Alicia, perawan keponakan pedagang rambutan dengan kekayaan nomor sekian. Hal tersebut bukanlah suatu rahasia umum, maka banyak gadis lainnya tidak ingin mendekati Uco sebab mereka tahu cintanya akan ditolak. Sampai sekarang di dalam benak Uco suatu hari ketika ia menggoda para gadis di sekolah dengan permainan, ia berharap suatu hari Alicia mudah cemburu. Uco naksir gadis itu pertamakali di MOS sekolah. Melihat wajahnya yang masih cantik saat dikerjai senior, diguyur air kran warna-warni atau ditampoli kue tart. Kapan saja Alicia cantik. Bahkan ketika jodohnya sudah diatur ia masih sama seperti itu. Di tengah-tengah Uco menanti Alicia lewat di parkiran, Benny yang duduk di sampingnya mengeluh. Perutnya keroncongan. \"Busyet bener bro, masih jam segini cacing di perut gua udah koar-koar.\" Rama dan Eka serempak geleng-geleng. Benny yang lesu tiduran di atas jok motor. Sebentar lagi ia tumbang. Puasanya hampir dikhawatirkan. \"Emang tadi lu sahur pake apa?\" tanya Uco. \"Senwich.\" \"Gile makanan apaan tuh Ben.\" Rama kebingungan, selain diam-diam ia ingin terpingkal-pingkal. Uco dan Eka takjub mendengar ucapan Benny. \"Roti, pokoknya makanan kekinian. Lu pasti pada kagak ngerti.\" Obrolan konyol itu tertahan sebab Alicia akhirnya lewat, ia berjalan bergandengan tangan dengan sahabat karib sama-sama perempuannya. Uco selalu mengira bahwa perempuan suka bergandengan tangan, mereka takut diculik dan dibawa ke Bulan. Jadi kata bapaknya selama perempuan masih takut diculik maka laki-laki akan lebih takut lagi untuk mendekati. Uco sangat paham, tapi ia laki-laki pemberani. Dengan gaya pemberani sekaligus tak tahu diri Uco berjalan menghampiri Alicia. Ia mencoba kesekian kali. Namun setelah mendekat Uco jadi gugup. Jatuh cinta tak mengenal aba-aba, hitungan waktu berlalu cepat. Demikian pula buat Alicia, tiba-tiba ia ikutan gugup. Sebenarnya wajah garang tapi tampan milik Uco pernah membuatnya kalang kabut, kepikiran menjadikannya susah tidur. Tidak dipungkiri kalau Uco lebih tampan ketimbang jodoh pilihan pamannya. \"Tadi pagi abang nyumet petasan di rumah ya,\" kata Alicia tersendat-sendat. Uco cengengesan, perasaan gugup berusaha ditepisnya. \"Bener neng, suka gak? Abang gak punya bunga atau kembang api cuma ada petasan.\" \"Wak Bejo jadi ngomel-ngomel terus karena petasan abang.\" Sebagaimana rayuan gombal ini akan mengarah. Basa-basi, Uco sudah kebal. Pemuda itu tidak mau ditolak terus, ia berharap sekali-kali Alicia mau diajaknya nonton bioskop di kota. Kebetulan malam ini filmnya bagus, malam minggu cocoknya nonton film picisan. Poster film serta judul filmnya diingat-ingat oleh Uco. Galih dan Ratna, ia mengantisipasi. \"Nanti setelah Tarawih Neng Alicia mau Abang ajak jalan-jalan nonton bioskop.\" Tanpa banyak omong, tanpa banyak rayuan gombal. Alicia mengangguk. Hal itu seumur-umur baru pertamakali semenjak didekati Uco. \"Sekali ini aja ya bang. Asal gak ketahuan sama Wak Bejo.\" Sepersekian detik Alicia mengangguk maka sepersekian itu pula Uco kaget setengah mati. Dulu mengajak Alicia mengerjakan PR sekolah bareng-bareng saja susahnya sudah minta ampun, apalagi diboyong pergi nonton bioskop. Oleh karena sering ditolak terus Uco jadi taruhan pada dirinya sendiri dan ia akhirnya berhasil menang undian. Adakalanya usaha yang amat susah suatu kali menjadi amat mudah. Jika kalian tak tahu diri, untuk mencoba. kata Uco. Sebelum semuanya berlalu dari belakang kawanan Uco pada suit-suit. Perutnya Benny yang keroncongan juga sudah stabil tidak kambuh lagi. Ia tak jadi tumbang, terbukti sebab suara suitannya yang paling keras. Batal puasanya diundur. Karena Uco dan Alicia akan pergi bioskop malam ini. Tidak perlu ada petasan lagi. ... Malam Minggu selepas Tarawih Uco bergegas jalan dengan Honda kalongnya. Mereka sudah janjian di gardu pos ronda agar tidak ketangkap basah oleh Khaji Bejo. Pedagang rambutan kolot itu sekarang sedang siap-siap berangkat mengaji di surau, besok subuh seusai sahur ia baru pulang. Alicia aman. Lima menit Uco sampai di gardu pos ronda ternyata Alicia sudah menunggu. Bukan terpesona oleh dandanan lipstik tipis ataupun cemong polesan bedak Alicia yang membikin Uco lega. Namun mendapati gadis pujaannya sudah bersedia datang serta menunggu, itu cukup. Uco sangat lega. \"Ayo berangkat Neng.\" Hampir sedetik Alicia sempat ragu-ragu. Selama ini ia belum pernah menipu pamannya untuk pergi main dan bersenang-senang. Alicia sama kolotnya dengan pamannya, ia masih takut kualat. Tentu tidak ada salahnya sekali saja, toh akan cepat berlalu. Sekali saja Alicia mencoba mengikuti kata hatinya bukan perintah pamannya. Hutang budinya memang belum pernah cukup, nanti ia harus membayarnya lunas. Selama Pak Tama calon kades saingan bapaknya Uco masih kepingin mempersuntingnya menjadi istri muda. Alicia bisa membayar hutang budi pada pamannya. Tapi untuk sekarang sekali saja ia ingin duduk diboncengan motor Uco. Pergi berdua nonton bioskop. Film segera diputar, pemuda-pemudi yang masih mengantre tiket kalang kabut takut ketinggalan durasi. Begitupula Uco, ia berhasil membeli dua tiket. Sebelum mereka masuk seorang petugas tiket menghalangi. Tiket mereka disobek, Uco menyimpan lekat-lekat sobekan tiketnya di saku jaket parasitnya sebagai kenang-kenangan. Tanda pertamakali ia bisa jalan bareng dengan Alicia. Suatu hari tiketnya bisa beda. Di studio lampu dimatikan, sorotan sinar putih menyilaukan muncul dari suatu proyeksi layar yang lebar. Sebelum film dimulai mata Alicia sudah berbinar-binar. Memang sejak lama ia belum pernah nonton film lagi. Ingat-ingat, waktu umurnya sekitar enam tahun dulu ia sering diajak pamannya nonton layar tancap. Saat itu film diputar di lapangan kelurahan dengan layar yang lebih sempit daripada di bioskop tapi tempatnya lebih luas. Ditemani bunyi berisik mesin diesel dari jetset, orang-orang tetap saja asik nonton film sambil makan camilan jagung rebus atau kacang goreng. Angin malam semriwing-mriwing menusuk tengkuk bukan AC. Resolusi filmnya juga kadang buram kadang jelas. Pergi ketempat manapun Wak Khaji Bejo gemar mengenakan sarung. Jadi saat Alicia kedinginan terkena angin malam ia pasti bersembunyi di bawah sarung pamannya. Di sana Alicia mengintip, bersembunyi sambil mencermati isi cerita film yang kurang terlalu ia pahami. Meskipun jalan cerita fimnya tak penting namun kebersamaan semacam inilah yang selalu ditunggu-tunggu oleh Alicia. Namun itu dulu saat pamannya masih tidak terlalu tua dan kerajingan mengomel. Sekarang ia otoriter. Sinar putih di layar semakin silau pertanda film akan dimulai. Pertama ada musik pop pembuka mengiringi. Filmnya cerita remaja, percintaan di masa sekolah SMA. Memasuki inti cerita film para pasangan di studio bioskop sibuk membelai telapak tangan pasangannya masing-masing. Ini merupakan bagian penting dari menikmati cerita picisan, tak terkecuali bagi Uco. Diam-diam ia melirik telapak tangan Alicia. Apakah ia memiliki kesempatan membelai telapak tangannya? Uco menunduk, dalam kata yang tak bisa dijelaskan ia ketakutan. Uco berusaha menyentuh kulit jarinya Alicia namun sekujur tubuhnya tetap kaku. Kenyataannya malam itu akhirnya mereka menonton bioskop dengan tenang. Tontonan tersebut hanyalah perkenalan maka tak ada acara belai-belain tangan. Esok mungkin ada lagi. Uco perlu bersabar ketika Alicia telah resmi jadi pacar. Juga hari dimana bapaknya harus menang pemilihan kades. Malam setelah nonton bioskop Alicia diantar pulang Uco, langsung turun tepat di depan rumahnya. Jalanan kampung mulai lumayan sepi senyap. Sembari sembunyi-sembunyi Uco tak tega membiarkan Alicia jalan sendirian dari gardu pos ronda. Ia ingat Khaji Bejo mungkin masih mengaji di surau, pulangnya baru besok pagi. Sampai di pintu gerbang rumah, Alicia turun dari boncengan motor Uco. Masih kaku, tanpa kata. Uco bergerak, ia meraih telapak tangan Alicia. Ini bukan lagi di dalam studio bioskop. Tapi Uco lebih berani. \"Kenapa selama ini Neng Alicia gak suka sama Abang?\" Alicia paham pertanyaan itu, namun kesusahan menjawabanya. Acap kali ia bertemu dengan Uco lalu menghindar ngobrol panjang lebar maka pertanyaan semacam inilah yang ditakutkannya keluar. Alicia susah menjawab, lebih tepatnya tidak bisa menjawab. Mulutnya dikunci. Karena sejak dulu Alicia selalu suka pada Uco. Tidak lebih dari itu. Bagi Uco kecantikan Alicia bisa ditemukan dimana-mana. Tapi tak ada yang tahu bahwa kecantikan itu telah menjadi tambal sulam bagi keluarganya. Dalihnya Alicia dituntut melindungi martabat pamannya, namun kenyataannya bahwa ia memang dijodohkan dengan bandar kaya untuk menutupi kas keuangan keluarga. Di tempat tersebut ia paling cantik, terlalu dikutuk cantik dan diincar. Kecantikannya jelas di jual, ia tak ingin Uco banyak tahu. Tidak menjawab, Alicia melepasakan genggaman tangan Uco. Ia masuk ke dalam rumah. Di sana sekilas tampak bayangan Khaji Bejo mengintip dari korden ruang tamu. Ia seram, sakit giginya belum sembuh. Seminggu setelah berhasil mengajak Alicia nonton bioskop Uco kesulitan lagi membujuk. Semakin kesulitan membujuk, Alicia semakin bertambah cantik, Uco tak tahan. Mungkin alat kosmetik Alicia baru, bedaknya bertambah. Ada lebam-lebam warna biru di pelipisanya. Ia masih cantik. Namun suatu hari Alicia menangis di pundak Uco, belakang kantin. Air matanya tak terbendung, pemuda itu tak mengerti apa-apa. ... Lima hari setelah Idul Fitri, kantor desa mengadakan acara Halalbihalal. Warga sekampung diundang untuk makan-makan sekaligus silaturahmi. Diantara banyaknya sajian menu makanan warga kampung belum sadar jika terdapat maksud terselubung. Tama pelakunya. Hari itu bersamaan dengan pengangkatan kades yang baru. Acaranya sangat meriah, ada orkes serta tarian. Tama mantan bandar kaya terpilih untuk naik mimbar. Menurut warga kampung ia cocok menjadi seorang pemimpin. Tama punya segala macam kriteria untuk menjadi kades, ia pemimpin, kharismatik dan tentunya yang paling penting ia tidak punya bini muda. Sebelum Tama berpidato di atas mimbar untuk menjelaskan visi misinya salah seorang panitia mengamati siapa saja peserta yang datang. Ia tak ingin ada bentrok atau keributan. Khaji Bejo dicoret, sebab beliau sedang opname di rumah sakit. Penyakitnya belum diketahui. Jadi ia tak bisa hadir di acara. Ketika Tama bersiap berpidato di atas mimbar semua perserta mendadak hening. Tama merogoh secarik kertas di saku batiknya. Kertas tersebut merupakan gambaran visi misinya yang sudah dipersiapkan semalam untuk ke depan, tentunya pasti ada celah-celah menguntungkan. Saat Tama membuka kertasnya dan melihat tulisannya sendiri. Emosinya tersulut, ia keceplosan. Di luar isi pidato suaranya bergema. Sebenarnya tidak menguntungkan bisnisnya. \"Saudara-saudara sejak dini mari secepatnya kita berantas budaya kawin lari\" Semua hadirin yang datang terdiam. Omongan Tama membuat Mereka teringat peristiwa dua minggu lalu, peristiwa yang sebenarnya menyebabkan Khaji Bejo diopname. Keponakan perempuannya diduga kawin lari dengan anak calon kades yang terpaksa dilengserkan. . . Tamat . . ","Summary":" Disclaimer : The Raid selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T Genre: Drama Uco dkk. Notes: Buat Cho"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Precious Nightmares","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11554879","Passage":"[Chapter 1] . . . . \"I'm still alive. I'm living that good life, We're living that good life.\" . . . . Rama tidak pernah takut terhadap apapun. Tapi, yah... sebenarnya mungkin tidak juga. Setidaknya, mungkin dia sempat takut dengan orang-orang dewasa yang terlihat menyeramkan ketika dirinya masih bocah, atau orang-orang bertopeng tradisional ketika ada perayaan sebagai bentuk rasa cinta tanah air. Mungkin juga dia sempat takut dengan penculik yang sering datang dan pergi baik di kehidupan maupun dunia infotainment. Dia juga pastinya takut dengan mimpi-mimpi buruk yang selalu datang padanya di pagi buta, tidak perduli dia sedang tidur sendiri, atau berdua dengan abangnya, atau bertiga dengan ibu mereka. Mari diralat. Mungkin sebenarnya Rama takut pada banyak hal, namun, itu semua hanyalah masa lalu. Kini, dia tahu bahwa sudah tidak ada lagi yang perlu ditakutkan. Selama kau bisa melawan untuk membela diri; selama kau bisa melawan rasa takut itu sendiri — semuanya akan baik-baik saja, begitulah yang bisa Rama pikirkan semenjak Ia mengetahui bahwa Andi, abangnya, ternyata adalah seorang yang jago berkelahi. Ya. Jago berkelahi. Abangnya sangat lihai, dan gesit, juga kuat. Mau ditumbangkan berapa kali, atau oleh berapa orang, dia akan tetap bangkit—dan semakin ganas lah Ia jadinya. Sehingga, sejujurnya... terkadang Rama lebih takut dengan diri abangnya yang satu itu sehingga semua rasa takut dari orang-orang yang menjadi lawan abangnya menjadi lenyap, dan dia pun mulai berlari mengejar abangnya untuk tidak kehilangan kendali, dan memulai pembunuhan pertamanya terhadap segerombol anak-anak remaja yang entah karena alasan apa berhasil membuat abangnya saat itu marah besar, dan Rama sangat takut. Walau sebenarnya, dia tidak tahu apa yang lebih ditakutkan pada detik itu. \" Kenapa abang bisa kayak gini?\" Ia tahu, baik dia dan Andi pasti ingat tentang kalimat yang keluar dari mulutnya pertama kali adalah itu setelah berhasil membawa pergi Andi jauh-jauh dari gerombolan malang anak-anak yang sudah terkulai kesakitan di jalan beberapa waktu sebelumnya. Rama juga ingat ketika menggeret Andi, baik jantungnya maupun jantung abangnya itu, sama-sama berburu. Bedanya, yang dia tahu hanyalah saat itu dia sedang berada di puncak tertinggi rasa takutnya — rasa takut terhadap abangnya yang tidak Ia kenal ketika berkelahi tadi; rasa takut terhadap nasib buruk yang akan menimpa abangnya jika dia terlambat sedikit saja untuk menghentikannya dari kehilangan kendali; rasa takut... kehilangan abangnya dari nasib buruk itu. Tidak butuh waktu yang lama bagi Rama untuk memikirkannya; bahwa rasa takut tidak memiliki tingkatan atau strata. Semua rasa takut itu sama, dan tergantung pikiran kita bagaimana memanipulasinya, sehingga rasa takut paling sepele pun bisa menjadi tameng penutup dari rasa takut yang lain. Rama paham tentang hal itu. Karena hanya dari kejadian itu, dan pemikiran itu, Rama pun akhirnya berhasil menahkodahi dirinya untuk mempelajari ilmu bela diri, karena dia juga paham bahwa terkadang api tidak bisa selamanya dipadamkan dengan air jika apinya terlalu besar. Akan ada saatnya di mana api harus dilawan dengan api juga. Cukup kuat untuk bisa menahannya menjadi besar. Dan api yang satu ini, tentunya harus bisa mengendalikan diri. Makanya, pada akhirnya Rama pun bertekuk lutut untuk meminta kepada abangnya mengajarkannya berkelahi. \"Bukan berkelahi,\" ujar Andi mengingatkan pada suatu hari, ketika pada akhirnya dia setuju dengan permintaan adiknya. \"Tapi bela diri.\" \"Kalau gitu, yang waktu itu bela diri namanya?\" Rama bermaksud menjadikannya sebagai kalimat sindiran, tapi intonasi berbicara yang keluar dari mulutnya justru membuatnya jadi terdengar seperti orang naif... tapi, yah... sudah lah. Andi menaikkan sebelah alisnya ketika mendengar hal itu, \"siapa yang ngajarin lo buat main judge tanpa alasan kayak gitu?\" jelas dia jengkel mendengarnya, Rama tahu itu. \"Kalo gitu jelasin, dong, kenapa lo berubah jadi kayak orang kerasukan waktu itu.\" Balas Rama tidak kalah kesal. Andi tertegun sesaat melihat ekspresi adiknya yang dingin, sebelum akhirnya ia memalingkan muka. \"Ah, Ram...\" gumamnya seraya menghela napas, \"Sebelum gue ngajarin lo bela diri, ada baiknya elo belajar buat enggak nyampurin urusan orang lain, oke? Hidup itu udah ribet dari sananya, Ram... enggak perlu dicampurin sama orang lain juga kitanya udah keteteran, gimana kalo ditambah ada orang lain yang ikut campur?\" Sejujurnya, tidak mengagetkan bagi Rama untuk mendengar abangnya berkata demikian. Tentu saja Andi akan menjawab begitu. Seumur hidupnya, Rama selalu tahu bahwa abangnya tidak pernah takut terhadap apapun yang seperti itu. Tidak pernah sekalipun. Namun, di sisi lain... dia juga ingin percaya, bahwa sebenarnya Andi memiliki rasa takut yang begitu besar. Cukup besar untuk bisa mengubahnya menjadi monster yang tidak bisa dihentikan siapapun untuk menjaga dirinya, atau mungkin diri orang lain. Menutupi dirinya dari kegelapan di sekitarnya, dengan kegelapannya sendiri. Jadi... karena itu lah... selama abangnya masih mengizinkan dirinya untuk mencegah hal itu menjadi sesuatu yang permanen, kenapa tidak?... ...sayangnya, Rama tidak tahu sudah berapa lama Andi telah menjadi seperti itu dan terbiasa karenanya; melenyapkannya dari rumah ketika Rama mencarinya setelah berlari dengan penuh harapan dari sekolah setelah kelulusan dengan nilai yang memuaskan, hanya untuk menemuinya dan membagi kebahagiaan kecil itu; merenggutnya dari sekelilingnya yang pernah dia cintai, dia lukai, dan dia ajari untuk menjadi lebih berani, sehingga turut lenyap semua keberanian itu menjadi rasa panik, takut, dan kehilangan yang belum pernah Rama rasakan sebelumnya—namun yang anehnya, terasa begitu familiar. Seperti menyambut kawan lama yang muncul kembali setelah menghilang begitu lama. Dan seolah baru pertama kali merasakannya, Rama ketakutan setengah mati. Kejadian itu terus-terusan menghantuinya di dalam mimpi-mimpinya. Tidak perduli mimpi ketika malam hari, ataupun siang hari—dan kali ini pun juga sama saja. Rama tidak tahu pukul berapa ketika kedua matanya tahu-tahu terbuka lebar, dan tubuhnya tegang serta basah karena berkeringat dingin, namun dia langsung mengangkat setengah tubuhnya menjadi posisi duduk untuk melihat lebih jelas sekitarnya—yang sebenarnya cukup sulit untuk dilakukan karena suasana yang gelap total, di tambah lagi masih adanya bayang-bayang dari rumahnya yang kosong karena kepergian Andi hari itu, dari mimpinya barusan. Karena itu lah, dirinya yang masih kebingungan itu pun akhirnya memutuskan untuk fokus dengan detak jantungnya terlebih dahulu, yang masih berpacu kencang sampai-sampai Ia bisa merasakan denyutnya hingga ke belakang kepalanya. Tenang, Rama berujar pada dirinya sendiri, dalam hati. Elo... harus... tenang... Dia pun menundukkan kepalanya dengan hati-hati, dan memejamkan matanya. Berharap dengan demikian bisa mengurangi atau memperlambat pacuan jantungnya, dan membuatnya merasa lebih baik walau hanya sedikit... \"Kenapa, Ram?\" Rama menahan napasnya, tersentak kaget mendengar namanya dipanggil seseorang. Dengan cepat dia pun menoleh ke arah sumber suara, dan itu jadi membuat kepalanya tiba-tiba pusing, sehingga dia pun mengernyit... ...dan tertegun, mendapati sosok Uco berbaring di sisinya—menatapnya dengan ekspresi mengantuk sekaligus heran. Di pelipis kirinya, menempel sebuah benda putih – kapas tebal sepertinya, yang membuat mata kirinya kesulitan untuk dibuka seutuhnya, dan Rama tidak sadar sudah berapa lama dirinya memandangi Uco sampai ketika Uco menyalakan lampu meja. Dengan refleks Rama memalingkan wajahnya karena terkejut dengan cahaya lampu yang tiba-tiba muncul dan menerangi ruangan yang tadinya gelap gulita itu. Baru setelahnya—setelah berkedip beberapa kali untuk membiasakan diri dengan pencahayaan yang ada, Rama pun kembali menoleh ke arah Uco, yang masih berbaring dan menatap dengan penuh tanya. Rama tidak langsung menjawab, melainkan dengan teliti Ia telusuri tiap inci wajah pemuda di sampingnya itu, yang terhiasi luka serta lebam berwarna merah hingga ungu gelap yang masih terlihat segar walaupun sudah nyaris seminggu berlalu. \"Mimpi buruk?\" Uco kembali bertanya, terdengar datar dan serak karena mengantuk, dan entah kenapa itu malah membuat Rama perlahan menjadi tenang, sedikit demi sedikit. Dia pun mengangguk sekilas sebagai respon. Uco berkedip, dan dalam hening mereka berdua hanya saling bertukar pandangan—Uco dengan mata sayu yang memancarkan kekosongan pada matanya, serta Rama yang kali ini melemparkan tatapan penuh tanya. \"Elo...\" Uco bergumam, \"mau pipis?\" Rama mendelik seklias, kemudian mengernyit bingung mendengar pertanyaan baru itu. Namun, Uco tetap mentapnya kosong. \"Gapapa, Ram...\" Uco menutup matanya sebentar, seolah tengah melawan rasa kantuk yang berat. \"Mau gue temenin...?\" tanyanya pelan hingga tidak terlalu terdengar jelas. \"Tidur, Co... lo mabok.\" Sahut Rama akhirnya, semakin tidak percaya dengan apa yang dikatakannya. Dia geli sendiri jadinya ketika mendapati Uco menutup matanya sebentar, dan membukanya kembali untuk yang kedua kalinya. Kemudian, setelah tidak ada lagi respon, Rama pun menghela napas, dan terpikirkan olehnya bahwa dia butuh minum... Jadi, dia pun bergerak, berniat untuk bangun, sebelum akhirnya gerakannya dihentikan oleh sebuah tangan yang menjulur ke arahnya; tangan milik Uco, dan melingkar di pinggangnya. Mendekapnya, dan menariknya mendekat. Rama menoleh kembali, dan melemparkan pandangan letih ke arah Uco. Namun, dia malah mendapati bahwa Uco melakukan hal itu dengan mata tertutup serta ekspresi rileks. \"Tidur, Ram. Lo ganggu orang tidur, tau nggak.\" Racaunya, dan kali ini dia terdengar jengkel. \"Apaan, sih. Orang gue mau minum.\" Balas Rama datar. Tapi hal itu tidak digubris oleh Uco, seolah pemuda tersebut sudah kembali ke alam mimpi dengan hanya sehembus angin belaka. Rama menggaruk kepalanya yang tidak gatal, seraya menatap tangan yang masih mendekapnya itu, kemudian kembali ke Uco yang sudah bernapas dengan teratur—menandakan bahwa anak itu sudah tidur sungguhan. Tanpa berpikir dua kali, Rama pun menarik tangan Uco untuk melepaskannya dari lingkar pinggangnya. Namun, di luar dugaan, ternyata dekapannya lebih kuat dari yang dia kira, sehingga dia pun kembali menoleh ke arah Uco untuk memastikan apakah dia memang benar sudah tidur, atau belum. Dan sama seperti tadi, Uco benar-benar sudah menutup matanya. Rama pun mendengus lewat hidungnya, dan kembali menarik tangan Uco—yang kali ini dengan sedikit lebih kuat sampai dekapannya terlepas, kemudian dengan hati-hati dia bergerak untuk bangun, berjalan mengitari tempat tidur untuk mematikan lampu meja di sisi Uco yang tadi sempat dinyalakan dan ditinggal tidur begitu saja. Lalu, setelah itu dia pun berjalan menuju pintu. Saat baru saja akan membuka pintu, Rama berhenti sejenak karena, lucunya, dia baru menyadari bahwa dia sedang tidak berada di rumahnya, tapi ini adalah rumah Uco, dan sekarang dia berada di kamar Uco. Semuanya baru jelas sekarang kenapa dia bingung dengan kenapa Uco bisa tidur di atas satu tempat tidur yang sama denganya, dan bukannya di bekas tempat tidur abangnya di kamarnya— ...tunggu dulu. Dia dan Uco tidur di atas satu tempat tidur yang sama...? Rama berjengit saat kesadaran baru itu menghantamnya, dan dirinya bisa merasakan jantungnya perlahan berdetak menjadi lebih cepat seiring Ia memeriksa dirinya sendiri dari bawah hingga ke atas, dan dia langsung menghela napas lega ketika mendapati bahwa tubuhnya masih terbungkus pakaian. Entah pakaian siapa... ...entah pakaian siapa? Rama terbengong. ...Ah, kenapa hal sepele kayak gini aja gue pikirin banget? Decaknya dalam hati, sebelum akhirnya dia pun membuka pintu dan berjalan keluar kamar seraya menggelengkan kepala, tidak percaya. Di luar, dia langsung berhadapan dengan balkon yang terhubung langsung ke tangga, menandakan bahwa rumahnya bertingkat dua. Ya iyalah, Rama merutuki sekali lagi. Sementara itu, di kanan-kirinya terdapat dua lorong pendek; yang satu menuju sebuah kamar, dan yang satu lagi menuju sebuah balkon di luar. Pintu keduanya sama-sama tertutup. Rumah yang luas, dengan hanya satu penghuni... Mungkin ini lah kenapa Uco lebih memilih untuk lebih sering keluar, sampai melamar pekerjaan yang lebih sering berada di jalanan. Mungkin sebenarnya kita berdua sama saja... pikir Rama seraya mengintip lantai bawah, kemudian menoleh ke arah lorong yang mengarah ke balkon luar yang pintunya tertutup. Kayaknya enak juga jalan-jalan pagi buta begini, ujar Rama dalam hati. Waktu lo pergi ninggalin gue, gue bener-bener nggak tau harus apa. Gue pikir, mungkin lo sengaja ngelakuin hal itu. Bikin gue panik. Bikin gue bingung. Sengaja bikin surprise kayak gitu, buat gue... dan lo pasti bakal muncul lagi, dengan membawa sesuatu di tangan lo sebagai imbalan. Karena lo selalu gitu. Selalu pengen ngasih sesuatu ke orang, tanpa mau buang-buang waktu, atau ngecewain. ...kecuali untuk satu orang. Bapak. Gue juga nggak inget udah sejak kapan lo kayak gitu ke dia—dan hanya untuk dia seorang. Tapi, setelah gue pikir-pikir ulang... gue emang nggak pernah bisa ngerti jalan pikiran lo. Selalu pengen jadi yang paling jago, dan terlalu rasional. Elo juga selalu bilang kalau jalan pikiran kayak gitu cuma satu-satunya yang paling bisa bikin lo bisa bertahan di dunia ini. Itu... dan gue. Elo selalu bilang kalau lo itu bersyukur, walaupun muka gue mirip bapak, tapi gue punya sifat kayak Ibu. Elo selalu bilang kalau gue gak harus mentingin orang lain terlebih dahulu, karena elo khawatir gue nggak bisa fokus untuk ngejaga diri gue sendiri, dan elo pun juga tahu, kalau semua yang lo bilang itu adalah salah. Gue masih ada sampai sekarang ini, di sini; hidup, dan bernapas, dan sekarat—karena elo, dan hanya elo seorang. Dengan hilangnya elo, gue belajar rasa takut yang lain. Rasa takut untuk gagal waktu gue mendaftarkan diri di kepolisian, yang mana beneran terjadi, cuma gara-gara masalah biaya yang nggak bisa gue tanggung. Gue juga takut nggak bisa bertahan di dunia sendirian. Selama hampir enam tahun, Ndi, enam tahun... gue tertekan sama hidup gue sendiri. Gue nggak punya siapa-siapa untuk dimintain tolong... gue nggak tau harus apa buat ngelakuin sesuatu juga... Tapi, inilah gue yang sekarang. Jadi tukang antar pesanan makanan cepat saji nggak buruk-buruk amat, sih, sebenernya, karena sambil kerja, gue bisa dengan leluasa nyari informasi tentang apapun, lewat apapun, dan dari siapapun. Terutama tentang elo. Untuk elo. Dan selalu elo. Sampai akhirnya lo memutuskan sendiri untuk ngabarin ke gue, tentang seorang anak mafia yang bernama Ummar Cornellius, atau yang biasa dipanggil Uco—yang ternyata adalah seorang pengantar Pizza juga, sama seperti gue, yang gue temui tanpa sengaja karena seorang anak mesen dari dua tempat yang berbeda pada waktu yang bersamaan. Mungkin lo bener. Mungkin dia emang beneran orang yang berbahaya, dan gue seharusnya jauh-jauh dari dia, dan mungkin... gue emang bakal ngelakuin hal itu kalau aja lo ada di sini sekarang, buat jelasin semuanya. Tapi, nggak, Ndi... dia itu cuma korban. Sama kayak gue. Bedanya... cerita klasik, sebenernya, dia itu anak yang broken home ; orangtuanya terlalu sibuk untuk bisa merhatiin dia, jadi dia dimanjain lewat dan dengan hal lain. Harta melimpah, dan keingingan yang nggak pernah ditolak untuk diturutin. Gue yakin, kalo lo pasti setuju ngira dia itu anak manja dengan hanya ngedenger itu, dan elo nggak salah. Manja, dan ambisius. Kepala sekeras baja, hati abu-abu. Egois kelas kakap, dan temperamennya susah ditebak. Satu sisi, dia temen yang baik dan patut didukung. Tapi, sifatnya yang susah dikendaliin kadang bisa ngebikin kita jadi pengen nonjok. Salah satu kaki tangannya yang paling setia juga sering wanti-wanti kalau perlu kesabaran ekstra buat ngadepin dia, dan gue rasa gue cukup beruntung untuk bisa punya kesabarannya ibu—seperti yang selalu elo bilang ke gue. Tapi... di balik itu semua... dia itu sama aja kayak gue, dan... dia kayak gitu karena dia nggak punya siapa-siapa untuk dicontoh dari kecil—semacam elo, buat gue. Dan menurut gue, justru itu yang paling nyeremin dari dia. Ini bukan rasa takut, Ndi... gue yakin itu. Tapi, gue juga nggak tau harus ngejelasinnya kayak gimana. Semenjak gue kenal dia, dan gue tau semua sifat-sifatnya, atau apa aja yang ada di isi kepalanya, semakin gue ngerasa... kalau dia masih butuh dukungan dari orang-orang di sekitarnya, untuk milih jalan hidupnya. Pernah gue kasih tau belum, kalau dia itu benci banget sama bokapnya? Saking bencinya, dia ambisius untuk bisa ngerebut kursi kekuasaan bokapnya suatu saat nanti, kalau ada kesempatan sedikitpun. Elo sadar nggak kalau kalian—elo, dan dia—sama-sama punya isu sama bokap sendiri? Lucu, nggak, sih? Dia itu udah kayak gabungan dari kita berdua, dalam satu orang... Apa lo nggak mikir kalau itu berbahaya, Ndi? Apa lo masih ngerasa kalau dia itu lebih pantes dijauhin, daripada dibimbing buat jadi orang yang lebih baik? Bagi gue, dia itu sama nyereminnya kayak elo. Tapi, yang paling gue takutin dia itu... gimana kalau sampai dia kehilangan dirinya sendiri suatu saat nanti, tanpa ada orang satupun yang nyadar? Sementara untuk saat ini, gue udah terjebak di situasi yang nggak bisa gue hindarin lagi bareng dia. Gue nggak bisa pergi dari dia, dan dia juga nggak bakal ngebiarin gue gitu aja. Kita sama-sama saling berketergantungan gini jadinya, cuma gara-gara alasan yang gue yakin lo sendiri juga tau apa. Pada awalnya, gue emang nggak punya pilihan lain, selain ngikutin dia. Tapi... semakin gue tau tentang dia... semakin gue sadar... kalau ini emang jalan hidup gue sekarang, dan juga jalan hidupnya dia sekarang. Mau nggak mau. Suka nggak suka. Sedangkan elo...? Elo udah pergi dengan sendirinya, inget itu. Elo adalah tanggung jawab diri lo sendiri, dan gue bener-bener berharap kalau lo bisa jaga diri baik-baik. Uco masih bisa merasakan pengerasan lebam-lebam yang membengkak, beberapa hari belakangan, di wajahnya ketika ia terbangun karena cahaya matahari yang menyusup masuk dari jendela, seperti biasa. Kedua matanya masih tertutup rapat, dan dengan perlahan Ia memutar posisi tidurnya untuk memunggungi jendela dan berlindung dari silau cahaya matahari dari luar tersebut, dan baru kemudian, setelah jeda beberapa lama, dia pun membuka mata dengan perlahan, dan berkedip sekali untuk menyesuaikan diri. Tapi, yang dia dapati malah Rama yang sedang tertidur dengan mengenakan sebuah jaket hoodie, dan tudung kepalanya yang masih terpasang menutupi kepalanya sehingga hanya menampakkan wajahnya saja, di hadapannya. Dia terdiam lama seraya memandang wajah itu, untuk memproses apa yang terjadi. Dan seolah takut sosok dihadapannya itu menghilang, Uco meneliti tiap inci wajah Rama yang tertidur dan menyerapnya di dalam pikirannya yang masih kosong. Wajah yang memiliki lebam-lebam yang hampir sama seperti dirinya, hanya saja lebih sedikit karena dia lebih jago berkelahi dibandingkan dengan dirinya sendiri... dan bulu mata panjang yang agak lentik... Kayak bocah... pikir Uco akhirnya, sebelum akhirnya dia meregangkan tubuhnya, dan membuat selimut yang menutupi tubuhnya tersingkap lebar—yang langsung Ia singkirkan ke pinggir tanpa berpikir dua kali. Kemudian setelahnya, dia kembali menoleh ke arah Rama, yang ternyata tidak terusik sama sekali dengan apa yang barusan Ia lakukan. Sebuah ide iseng pun terlintas di benaknya. \"Ram,\" panggil Uco, tangannya terjulur untuk menarik lengan jaketnya beberapa kali. \"Rama, lo ngapain di sini.\" Dia terus menarik-narik lengan jaketnya, semakin lama semakin keras hingga tubuh Rama ikut terguncang-guncang. \"Co, apaan sih...\" balas Rama dengan nada datar, dan mata yang masih tertutup, tidak menggubris. \"Raaam,\" Uco kembali memanggil, dan kali ini dia benar-benar menjadi jengkel karena tidak diacuhkan. \"Ram, lo ngapain tidur satu kasur sama gue, sialan. Tau diri, kek. Kalo lo nggak bangun sekarang, gue gulingin lo sampe jatoh ke bawah nih ya.\" Tapi, sayang, sekali lagi Rama tidak menggubrisnya. Melihat hal itu, Uco yang sudah semakin kesal pun akhirnya mengambil tindakan. Dia pun menjulurkan kedua tangan dan kakinya untuk memulai mendorong Rama ke pinggir tempat tidur. Tapi, apa yang terjadi benar-benar di luar dugaannya; Rama dengan cepat memegang kedua tangan Uco, bangkit, dan menahan Uco untuk tetap terbaring di tempat tidur dengan seraya mengunci pergerakannya dengan hanya menindih setengah tubuhnya. \"Eh, anj— Ram, berat!\" omel Uco yang terkejut dengan gerakan yang tiba-tiba itu. Dia mencoba memberontak untuk melepaskan diri, tapi Rama selalu bisa menangkis dang mengunci kembali dirinya bahkan tanpa perlu repot-repot mengangkat kepalanya. Sehingga setelah waktu yang cukup lama dan terus-terusan kalah dalam memberontak, Uco pun pada akhirnya kehabisan energi, sehingga dia memilih untuk pasrah dengan napas dan jantung yang sama-sama memburu karena jengkel sekaligus kelelahan. \"Ram, sumpah, ya... kalo lo nggak ngelepasin gue sekarang—\" Uco mengancam dingin, tapi tidak Ia selesaikan, karena tanpa perlu menyelesaikan kata-katanya pun Rama pada akhirnya langsung melepaskannya dan kembali berguling ke sisi tempat tidurnya yang tadi untuk melanjutkan tidurnya. Uco terbengong untuk beberapa saat, kemudian melemparkan tatapan tidak percaya ke arah Rama yang kini memunggunginya dalam diam. Kemudian, perlahan terkembang sebuah seringaian puas di bibirnya, dan dia pun diam-diam mendenguskan kekehan geli seraya bangkit untuk bangun, meregangkan tubuhnya sekali lagi saat berdiri, dan mulai berjalan untuk membuka tirai-tirai dan jendela-jendela kamarnya; termasuk jendela di dekat Rama. Dan setelah selesai dengan tugasnya itu, dia pun berjalan keluar kamar, meninggalkan Rama yang diam-diam mengawasinya sedari tadi dengan senyuman tipis turut terukir di bibirnya. Dasar bocah, pikirnya seraya kembali menutup matanya. — E N D Author's Note: Oke, pertama-tama, gue ingin menyampaikan sesuatu. Beberapa dari kalian pasti tahu cerita AU The Raid gue yang tentang Rama sama Uco jadi pengantar Pizza, kan? Ke manakah cerita itu sekarang? Tentu itu adalah pertanyaan yang wajar dan sangat pantas kalian utarakan ke gue, karena memang benar cerita itu udah nggak ada lagi. Udah gue hapus—karena awalnya gue berniat buat ngulang alias ngerombak abis-abisan dari awal, jadi gue hapus semuanya biar nggak nanggung, berhubung ffn nggak ada sistem ngedit cerita yang udah dipublish. Tapiii... apa lah daya. Maafkan kenaifan dan kebodohan diri ini, yang percaya begitu saja dengan anti-virus komputer yang jarang diupgrade, beserta dengan menyepelekan data back-up. Bencana pun tidak bisa dihindari dan diprediksi, dan di sini lah saya, setelah menangis siang dan malam ketika data-data cerita AU pizza itu menghilang karena viruskampretsialantopmarkotop. Sehingga, untuk mengulang lagi seutuhnya pun hayati tak sanggup bang... Jadi, gue pun membuat cerita ini, entah cerita apa, tapi semacam cerita sampingan kali ya, untuk sekalian ngejelasin kenapa cerita AU pizza itu hilang... Semoga kalian bisa maklum dan mau memaafkan dosa hayati yang satu itu... Ngomong-ngomong, makasih banyak loh ya udah mau baca cerita ini... aduh fandom lamaku... kapan kau nongol yang trilogy-nya... :') *gedor-gedor rumah Gareth Evans* ","Summary":" . . . . \"I'm still alive. I'm living that good life, We're living that good life.\" . . . . Rama t"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"The Weight of Hellfire","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12411290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sigh. For once, I think I should give some love to Eka, too, alright. So, here it is! I was listening to ' (My Love) - Kisnou ' on repeat while making this short story. Don't search for it if you don't like instrumental song. I don't know what I was thinking, but it's definitely not a bright thing. Sorry it's so short, but I just want to rearrange my mind back together again. Enjoy. . . . . . [ My Loves. ] Let's switch things up. To me, you are a man who loves this city down to his heart. And you just distinctly has forgotten when it doesn't used to be this way. Eka is the man who believes in right and wrong. Things which should be done, and things which should be stopped, both legal and illegal. And, yes. I'm talking about a man – you, Eka – who has stopped thinking about the concept of illegal but morrally right. But maybe, you actually got that from somewhere in between evil and greater good. Maybe you got that from your boss now, Bangun. Except. Except... You looked at the man trailing off his mind, when you have just decided to also liked the lives of his people. The men made of cardboards and strings, with such meaningless life of a stage they aren't even invited to watch, but to perform. Although you do sorted things into things that need doing and things that need terminating, so... you also aknowledged that there's a legal and an illegal, but really though. That's just... the public face of what a system can endorse. You've left that path long ago. The law just determines whether you do it in the name of law, or whether you just... don't. It's a simple concept. It keeps the streets clean, really. Jakarta was born riddled with criminals, murders, and thieves fleeing the laws of the old and (or) new words of freedom anyway – this is a fact. And you know that Bangun was born to get rid the continent of the Scourers and restore orderless chaos into something in order – this is another fact. But the last thing you know is that... his son is just... Just... You just don't know how to see it, do you? Bangun knows crime, and he knows how to deal with criminals. He's one of the strongest ones, after all. This is why, for the love of seven skies, he always in the clean state. You know. His whole family becomes influental in politics, as a starter. And the sons and daughters from the past of his great-great grandfather were canny leaders with fierce accurate powers, even with both hands tied behind their back. They know how to bring out the order in orderless chaos and they did. They did so with extreme force and trails of blood that Bangun begins to pretend that it doesn't exist; it won't happen ever again. Bangun is more subtle than his ancestors. He prefers to leave a hungry silence in places with a trail of blood within it. A wisp of shadow, curling around the doorway – a spatter of ink on the alleyway steps. When you walk right past the signs, even under his roaming aura, you barely can notice it. But the criminals underworld lives in fear of the black death's freezing touch, for it is this one is his one, and only son. They know. Uco is the name, and he is taught to believe in the law and believe in greater good for the sake of the family trade with this city. Because cases after cases, his family have caused with even more invisible bloody traces. It becomes easier to judge the immoral calls that are never too grey to make. Uco is the son of the king. He'll have all, someday. The king's men, the lands, and the stars. The sacrifices, and bloods again. And he wants proof. Lots of them. Lethal and darker, because... he is a legacy. He wants fear, and he wants it visible. And do you think he could just... waltz in and take it? Layers of deception that whisper like lies in his every steps. A line of the deads that stretch to hell and back following their piper through the alleys of his kingdom – do you really think Uco could have taken this? Let's take a step or two back, and think again. Many years of this prison that keeps you alive. With every inch, you are now used to the darkness around. So, you shouldn't think that it's another torture, right? To keep pacing again one more time for another, living death. The fragile, spider-web of fractures waiting to break. A mire sharp edges that never healed smooth. For all this year, Uco has never been in good hands to be shaped either. Maybe it's your fault, you think. Or maybe it's his father's misfortune of a lifetime, too. And for that, you start to pour liquid gold in every crack of his broken, and remake him into something... beautiful. And you promise to the world that it is with honest words that never hide the ice burning in his smile and heartbreaking glare. The guilt you've built is now strong with it's own form, and even it has voices. It is now screaming at you. Uco needs love, yes, but Uco was given love and taught not to trust it, by his own father, so you give him truth. And you decided, just show him your empire and the bones of those who oppose his father; show him the strength and how it can be used to protect himself. And you show him loyalty, and how it's won through respect that still can sing like fear in the waiting night. Now, he understands bringing death to those who have brought hurt to you. He understands power a lot faster and how it surges when his family is threatened. He understands fear and how it never lies like love. Uco was a boy who could have been good, and Uco was a boy who wanted to be kind. But Uco is a man who will be great, and Uco is the man who shows mercy in death. You can't really think that Uco could have taken this from his father now, can you? And then, there's another man, though – the one who has same place to go home too, just as same as you once. The man with scars and messed up bones and mad determination that you would realize after the very first glance at. This one is the one who you are careful to keep the truth from. He never lies, but deception is woven so much tighter than words, and there is something bright in this man that even Uco's shadows would tarnish, and... He is the one who welcomed Uco with relieved stare after life and death. He is the one who took Uco's hand and leads him into the touch of the slightest light, before returning right back into the dark to finish what he never intended. And he keeps his words with actions, and turns them into nightmares for those who hisses threats and bothers your dreams of quietness for Uco to stand tall. In a blink of an eye, you just know that he is you, and you are him. Then, the man is precious, and to be protected for that. Because you can not stop yourself for pleasing your guilt, and so you can not stop him for being a suicide machine either. So you do your job, and hover over him and around him until whispers spread through lightning rain for days to decades – the black death hunts those who hunt Yuda, the bodyguard of the wicked, and there is a demon feeding off the destruction in his wake. You give Yuda your empire. You give him a soul, Uco's life, and Yuda gives him a garden of sun-kissed love. You witness Uco takes his hand and leads him forwards, and you gladly swirls behind to sweep their footsteps clean, and they're happy. However, you get the feeling that somewhere in the fringes, Bangun knows this and has his throat bleeding as he screams warnings that neither of you can hear. And perhaps not everyone believe the lie, but it doesn't matter for as long as you still have more important people to deceive than neither the king nor his people. ","Summary":" Sigh. For once, I think I should give some love to Eka, too, alright. So, here it is! I was listeni"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Uco cemburu","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12380574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Uco Cemburu Ini tentang Raco (Rama & Uco) Cerita ini agak ngaco, jadi kalau merasa di pertengahan cerita udah ngerasa aneh silahkan kembali karena gue gak tanggung jawab setelahnya. . . Ed Sheeran – Shape of you . . \"BANGSAT!\" Umpatan keras terlontar dari mulut Uco. Diikuti dengan sumpah serapah yang membuat orang urung untuk melewatinya. \"APA LO LIAT-LIAT!\" Uco kembali mengeluarkan kekesalannya pada orang yang meliriknya takut-takut. Pemandangan yang berada tak jauh dari tempatnya berdiri adalah penyebab Uco mengeluarkan semua umpatan maupun sumpah serapah mengerikan. Tidak hanya itu, pemandangan itu telah membuat kedua matanya iritasi, dan emosi yang terbakar hebat di dalam dirinya. Dari tempatnya berdiri, Uco melihat dengan kesal seorang wanita sedang menggoda Rama dengan gerakan-gerakan genitnya. Menyesal sudah Uco memutuskan keluar dari ruang karaoke. Niatnya yang ingin mencari Rama berujung dengan dirinya yang melihat pemandangan yang menjengkelkan hatinya. Uco melihat wanita itu sengaja mendekati Rama dengan memperlihatkan sebagian kedua payudarannya yang tersembunyi dibalik pakaiannya yang tipis nan menerawang. Wanita itu menyodongkan sedikit badannya, menyentuh pinggir jaket Rama dan menariknya agar mendekat padanya. Rama mencoba menjauh dan melepaskannya tangan wanita itu. Pemandangan itu yang membuat Uco kesal setengah mati. Di dalam pikirannya ia sedang memikirkan cara untuk melepaskan Rama dari genggaman godaan wanita yang menyesatkan. Satu jambakan mungkin akan membuat wanita itu menjauh dari Rama. Tetapi ia punya cara yang lebih halus tanpa harus mengotori tangannya. Uco tidak terima yang sudah menjadi miliknya di sentuh orang lain. Alasan Uco menganggap Rama sebagai miliknya karena orang itu selalu ada untuknya, menemani dalam keadaan suka maupun duka. Sehingga melihat Uco bersama dengan seorang wanita membuat dirinya kesal. ia tidak ingin Rama berpaling darinya. Biarkan ia menjadi orang egois, asalkan Rama tetap bersama dengannya dan hanya menatap dirinya seorang. Uco siap menjalankan aksinya. Uco mendekati mereka, dan menyapa Rama dengan santai—menyembunyikan amarahnya dan pura-pura tersenyum pada wanita itu. Sempat pula, Uco menyapa wanita itu dan memberikan senyuman palsunya, dan pura-pura tertarik. \"Ram,\" Uco merangkul bahu Rama, dan mencengkramnya erat-erat. \"Ya,\" Rama membalasnya dengan tenang. Rama menyadari bahaya sedang mengintainya. Ia tahu kalau Uco dalam emosi yang tak stabil, dan senyuman yang diberikan pada wanita itu membuktikan akan terjadi sesuatu setelah ini. Lima menit belum terjadi apa-apa, Uco masih berbicara dengan wanita itu walaupun pandangan lawan bicaranya sesekali melirik ke arah Rama. Sepertinya wanita itu lebih tertarik pada Rama daripada Uco. Ini waktu yang tepat untuk melakukannya . Pikiran Uco berbicara dengan dirinya. Rencananya segera ia jalankan. Dugaan Rama tidak meleset setelah Uco berbincang basa-basi pada wanita itu, Uco melakukan sesuatu yang mengejutkan dirinya. Rama berusaha menghindar tetapi terlambat. Uco sudah menggurungnya. Dengan cepat Uco meraih pinggang Rama dan menariknya dalam sebuah pelukan. Wanita yang berada dihadapan mereka menatap dengan kebingungan karena Uco yang menggodanya malah bermesraan pada Rama—pria yang ia goda tadi. Ia tidak mengerti dan tidak ingin pergi dari sana, karena ia membutuhkan penjelasan. Kebingungan wanita itu tidak Uco pedulikan. Ia lebih peduli dengan apa yang akan ia lakukan bersama dengan Rama. Ia melingkarkan lengannya pada pinggang Rama, menatapnya dengan tatapan lembut. Sedetik pun Uco tidak mengalihkan pandangannya pada Rama. Ia tatap Rama sebentar kemudian mendekatkan wajahnya perlahan. Uco mengeleminasi jarak agar ia bisa melakukan sesuatu pada bibir merah Rama yang tak pernah menghisap gulungan tembakau itu. Di lain sisi, Rama dapat merasakan embusan napas Uco yang menerpa wajahnya. Uco menyentuh dagu Rama dan tanpa aba-aba, dalam hitungan detik Uco menawan bibir Rama dengan sebuah ciuman. Awalnya hanya menempel, tetapi ketika bibir Uco mulai memperlihatkan keahliannya, bibir Rama berada dalam status bahaya. Layaknya getaran gempa yang mengetarkan bangunan. Dilumatnya bibir Rama sekaligus memberikan pelajaran pada wanita yang kini sudah mengumpat dan pergi dari hadapan mereka. Rencana Uco sukses besar. Wanita itu dipastikan tidak akan menggoda Rama walaupun mereka dipertemukan kembali. Uco puas. Wanita itu mendapat pelajarannya sendiri. \"HOMO SIALAN!\" Kaget dengan perilaku kedua pria dihadapannya, wanita itu mengumpat keras dan pergi dengan kesal. Dan terus mengumpat hingga menghilang dari hadapan mereka. Kepergian wanita itu tidak membuat Uco melepaskan tautan bibirnya. Bahkan Rama mulai mengikuti permainan Uco. Kini Rama yang mendominasi ciuman mereka. Ia mulai memasukkan lidahnya saat Uco lengah, lalu bermain di dalam sana. Ada sesuatu di dalam diri mereka yang terbakar. Gairah akan kenikmatan menguasai mereka. Sesekali-kali mereka memiringkan kepala, mencari posisi yang nyaman. Perbuatan Uco yang mendadak ini membuat Rama tak habis pikir, dan tidak mengerti apa yang sedang dilakukan oleh Uco. Rama hanya sedang berbicara dengan seorang wanita, dan tiba-tiba Uco datang dan melakukan sesuatu dihadapan lawan bicaranya. Tetapi Rama segera menyadari satu hal. Uco cemburu. Cemburu yang tidak akan Uco ungkapkan dalam kata-kata walaupun ia dipaksa. Rama melepaskan tautan mereka, dan tersenyum—mengecup sekilas bibir Uco sebelum ia mendorong Uco ke tembok yang berada di belakangnya. Mereka kembali berciuman walaupun mereka berada di lorong karaoke. Rama menahan kepala Uco dengan telapak tangannya. Mereka terus bermain hingga Uco mencengkeram rambut Rama agar memberikannya kelonggaran. Sepertinya ia membutuhkan udara. Rama mengerti. Ketika mereka tidak berciuman, Rama tidak berhenti sampai di situ. Rama mengecup pipi Uco lembut, dan terus turun ke leher. Dikecupi leher mulus itu dengan seduktif dan lembut. Kecupan ringan itu berhenti ketika Uco mendesah pelan. Rama menatap Uco yang setengah terpejam, lalu mengecup dahi Uco. Rama menghentikan sentuhannya, dan tidak ingin melanjutkannya. Rama tidak ingin melakukannya di lorong seperti ini, dengan cahaya yang remang-remang. Setidaknya kalau mereka ingin melanjutkan ke tahap selanjutnya, mereka harus mencari tempat yang nyaman bagi mereka berdua. Dan Rama ingin membuat Uco mengaku bahwa pria itu cemburu pada wanita yang sedang mengobrol dengannya tadi. Uco yang menyadari bahwa Rama tidak menyentuhnya lagi, tersadar dan menatap Rama. Terlihat dari kedua matanya yang protes dengan Rama yang menghentikan sentuhannya. \"Ram, Lo—\" Uco tidak menyelesaikan kalimatnya karena terputus oleh ucapan Rama. \"Gue berhenti karena gue pengen tau kenapa lo tiba-tiba kayak gitu.\" Penjelasan yang sebenarnya Rama sudah tahu penyebabnya, ia minta Uco untuk menjelaskannya. Dan itu mustahil untuk melakukannya. Rama pura-pura tidak mengetahui. Ekspresi wajah Rama yang butuh penjelasan membuat Uco mendadak gelisah. \"Gue gak ngerti maksud lo.\" Uco masih enggan untuk menjelaskan penyebabnya. Ia malu untuk mengatakannya. \"Jangan pikir gue bego, Co. Gue lagi ngobrol dan tiba-tiba lo ngelakuin seseuatu yang bikin batang gue ngeras.\" Sarat dalam ucapan Rama yang menyalahkan Uco. \"Jadi gue butuh penjelasan, bukan yang lain.\" Uco sekilas melirik ke arah celana Rama. Dan memang sepertinya yang dikatakan Rama benar adanya. \"Gue butuh penjelasan, dan lo gak bisa ngejelasin.\" Nada ucapan Rama naik satu tingkat. Rama menunjukkan rasa kesalnya karena Uco tidak juga menjelaskan padanya. Ia harus berakting kesal dan marah agar Uco mengakuinya. Dan sepertinya sedikit berhasil. \"Kalau lo gak mau ngejelasin, lebih baik gue pergi dari sini. Biar gue ngetuntasin kerjaan lo ini.\" Rama mengambil langkah untuk pergi dari sana. Ia berjalan pelan-pelan, tetapi tidak menoleh pada Uco. Kepergian Rama yang tak terduga membuat Uco gelisah. Ketika Rama agak menjauh darinya. Uco berteriak dengan sangat keras yang kemungkinan bisa di dengar sampai dalam ruangan karaoke. \"GUE CEMBURU!\" Teriak Uco dengan semburat merah yang mendadak muncul dari kedua pipi Uco. Rama diam di tempatnya, dan menoleh ke arah Uco. Ia kembali berjalan ke arah Uco. Rama hanya diam, tidak berkata sedikitpun. Kemudian iamemegang kepala pria yang lebih tinggi darinya itu, dan mengacak rambutnya. \"Jadi lo cemburu ama wanita tadi?\" tanya Rama dengan tenang. Ia berusaha untuk tidak menggoda Uco. Uco mengangguk pelan. Ia tidak sanggup melihat wajah Rama. Ia terlalu malu dengan dirinya sendiri. Rasanya ia ingin menengelamkan dirinya ke laut. Rama tidak sanggup menahannya, dan ia tertawa. Wajah Uco semakin memerah. Dengan berani ia menatap Rama, dan tinju pelan menyentuh dada Rama. \"Sialan Lo!\" Umpatan Uco terdengar pelan. \" Kok lo ketawa.\" Uco menunjukkan ekspresi sebalnya pada Rama. Uco keras kepala, dan penuh gengsi. Ini menjadi hiburan tersendiri bagi Rama yang bisa mendengar kata sakti itu dari Uco. \"Gue gak nyangka lo bisa cemburu. Gue kira lo cuma bisa ngomel-ngomel doang.\" Goda Rama, mencubit pipi Uco pelan. \"Sialan ah lo. Kalau gini mending gue gak bilang.\" \"Gue senang kok dengernya. Jarang-jarang lo kayak tadi.\" Wajah Uco kembali memerah. Rama benar tentangnya. Ia jarang menunjukkan emosinya. Dan ketika ia cemburu dengan wanita yang menggoda Rama tadi. Ia membenci perasaan ini. Tetapi entah bagaimana caranya, Rama selalu berhasil membuat perasaan menjengkalkan ini muncul. \"Udah ah, gue mau pergi dari sini. Dari tadi lo ngejek gue mulu.\" Uco cemberut. Rama mencegah kepergian Uco dengan memegang lengannya. Ia tarik Uco dalam dekapannya dan memberikannya satu kecupan singkat. \"Lo gak boleh kemana-mana. Lo harus ikut gue.\" Rama masih memegang tangan Uco, dan membawanya pergi bersamanya. \"Ha? Mau kemana?\" Tanya Uco bingung. \"Menuntaskan apa yang harus dituntaskan.\" Rama menoleh ke arah Uco dan tersenyum lebar. Wajah Uco sangat merah, menahan rasa malunya. Ia tahu maksud dari perkataan Rama. Tidak ada yang akan menyangka anak dari penjahat kelas kakap bertekuk lutut pada bawahannya yang berstatus sebagai kekasihnya itu. Beruntung malam ini tidak ada lawan yang mencari masalah dengannya karena kalau ada, Uco tidak akan segan-segan untuk membunuhnya agar tidak menceritakan bahwa Uco—anak Bangun bisa merasa malu pada seorang pria. THE END [Jakarta, 25/02/17, 0:49] Coretan singkat : Cerita ini bener-bener melenceng dari yang gue pikirkan hahaha ","Summary":" Uco Cemburu Ini tentang Raco (Rama & Uco) Cerita ini agak ngaco, jadi kalau merasa di pertengahan c"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Little Brother (Salvation Sanctuary's Side Story)","Author":"chocofit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10793272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Author's Note] Hi! This one is a one-shot side story of Salvation Sanctuary. The reason why I upload it here and now would lead to the upcoming chapters of that one ongoing fanfiction. Actually this story was first written from Uco's point of view, but then when I already wrote almost three pages of MS Word, I changed my mind because the story had no souls. When I wrote this, I felt like being in Eka's shoes. His emotion, his concern towards Uco, etc. Call me sentimental or what, who cares. Well, may you enjoy the story and your review is always awaited! Never Gonna Be Alone © Nickelback The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films \"Eka, this is my son, Uco,\" said Bangun, \"Uco, this is Eka. Since today, you two are brothers.\" Eka was picking some arrows that he took from his locker as he smiled. He remembered the first day he was brought to Bangun's house as an adopted son. His life was whole. Although a car accident that killed his father destroyed him for a moment, since he had no other family members, everything turned perfect afterwards. Bangun was Eka's father's best friend, although Eka's father only worked as an engineer in one of Bangun's companies. Not long after he was left alone, Bangun visited him and asked him to be his son. He doubted it at first, but he changed his mind right away when Bangun told him that he had a son. He left his locker and walked to school field. Some archery club members, who were selected to perform in sectionals like him, were on training. He stood in front of a target and shot his arrow, which hit the third circle. He sighed before he focused more on his target, shot the arrow and hit the first circle. He smiled. He was confident of winning the sectionals. Since he was adopted by Bangun, he promised to himself to always be a son that would never embarrass Bangun and he made it by far. He was just transferred to the current middle school but he already reached the highest score out of all second-graders in final semester test, became student council vice president, and was selected to perform in archery sectionals. \"Good job, Eka,\" said the archery coach, \"You'll hit the target easily after some trainings.\" \"Thank you, Coach,\" he shot another arrow again and hit the target. He smiled, satisfied. He took the arrows from the target and walked back to where he stood. He almost turned his eyes to the target if he did not see Uco stood outside the field. \"Hey, Uco!\" he waved and walked to Uco, but then he winced. He saw Uco's face was wounded and bruised. He knew Uco had just been suspended by school for fighting with some senior year students, but he still could not judge Uco even so. \"Oh, no, you hurt so bad…,\" Eka touched Uco's temple which was bandaged, but Uco shoved his hand harshly. \"Don't touch me,\" he growled, \"You are nobody.\" Eka was startled before he sighed. It had always been like that. Nearly six months had passed, but ever since the first time they were introduced to each other by Bangun, Uco never acted nicely towards him. Still, Eka could not hate Uco because all his life he always dreamed to have a brother. His father could not give it to him since his mother passed away not long after giving birth to him, which was why he agreed to be adopted by Bangun. Uco was a year younger than Eka, a rascal first-grader. He was as handsome as Bangun, he had flawless skin and hair, and from his posture it was seen that he would grow up tall. Even though he always spoke harshly nearly to everyone, he was a smart one whose finals score was one of the top ten among first-graders. \"Get some rest,\" said Eka, \"You're suspended, it's a good time to recover.\" \"Quit pretending being a good kid, Vice President,\" said Uco indifferently before he left the field. Eka smiled. Uco always thought that he pretended being a good kid before everyone, although he never did it and Uco never proved it as well, and he had been used to it. He looked back to his target and shot arrow by arrow there. He still missed the target until some members left, yet he still continued training. One of his arrows fell not long after it hit the second circle. Eka winced. He shot again and the same thing happened after the arrow hit the first circle. He took the falling arrows and found them less sharp, probably because he had used them a lot. He took the other arrows from the target. He walked to the lockers area and in a quite long distance, was shocked of what he saw there. Uco was beaten by a male student, which Eka recognized as a first-grader, while two other male students, whom Eka known as second-graders and archery club members, watched it as they held some arrows and a bow. He saw his locker door was opened and realized right away that those arrows and bow belonged to him. As he walked towards them, Uco pushed back his opponent to the lockers and punched his mouth twice, soon he kicked the student who held the bow until he was thrown to the floor. He snatched the arrows easily from the other student who had been terrified. Meanwhile, the first-grader pulled Uco's collar, grabbed his hair and slammed his head hard to the wall. \"NOOO!\" Eka screamed before he ran and caught Uco, who was staggered. His forehead was bleeding badly and he almost lost consciousness. Eka shivered to watch him. Uco had been hurt badly enough, and before he even healed his wounds, he already got a new worse one. \"Let…me…,\" said Uco breathlessly, \"…go…,\" \"You're bleeding, please, please stay awake,\" begged Eka. He turned his head to those three students and stared at them wrathfully. \"All of you,\" he pointed at them alternately, \"Note in your mind that you're all charged a high cost to pay for this. I know all your names,\" he lied, since he did not know the first-grader's name. Those three students looked terrified and it did not take long for them to run away. Eka looked at Uco again, who was still trying to stay conscious. \"Please stay awake, Co,\" begged Eka as he brought him to the school clinic, \"I'm going to treat your wound, please stay awake,\" he shivered. \"…let…me go…,\" \"No, we're going to clinic now,\" Eka kept walking, he put Uco's left arm on his shoulder. He could not stop himself from shivering. Tears nearly fell from his eyes. Uco was bleeding terribly and it was because of him. When he saw what happened in the lockers area, Eka could see clearly that Uco fought with those students because they were trying to mess with his archery property. He also knew right away that it must be because some archery club members were jealous of him for he was the newest member but he was already selected for sectionals. The one thing that he did not know, and did not expect, was that Uco would defend him. Eka and Uco arrived at school clinic. Uco already lost his consciousness. Eka brought him to one of the beds and got some medicines, cottons, and bandages. When he was removing blood on Uco's face with wet small towel, the doctor came. \"What happened, Eka?\" she asked and looked at Uco, \"Oh my…what did he do again?\" she prepared for the medicines while Eka kept removing blood. \"Not what you think, Doctor,\" replied Eka. The doctor winced as she treated Uco's wound. \"This is Uco the rascal,\" she said, \"What else can he do?\" \"Defending me,\" replied Eka, \"His opponents were messing with my bow and arrows.\" The doctor furrowed her eyebrow. She continued treating Uco's wound, while Eka was still removing some left blood. \"Well, I heard you're brothers,\" she said, \"It's not surprising that he did it for you.\" \"But-,\" \"What?\" asked the doctor. Eka shook. Bangun did not allow him to let people know that he was adopted. Wherever he was, he was required to always introduce himself as Uco's big brother, not stepbrother. And the doctor's words crept into his mind. \" You're brothers, it's not surprising that he did it for you.\" Eka smiled and stared at Uco. Uco's innocent sleeping face tickled him to caress his hair. He would not confirm to Uco about why he fought because he knew he did not need it. He nearly cried. His life was whole. Everything turned truly perfect after his father passed away. He got what he always yearned for and he swore to himself that he would always protect it even though it might cost his life. He finally got the little brother that he always dreamed of. ","Summary":" [Author's Note] Hi! This one is a one-shot side story of Salvation Sanctuary. The reason why I uplo"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Biang kerok","Author":"Viloh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12274337","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The raid 2 berandal selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T Genre: crime, slice of life Kisah tentang seorang Uco si berandalan saat masih remaja. . . Biang Kerok . . Di dalam salah suatu ruangan, gubuk reot sebelah kandang sapi. Seorang laki-laki babak belur diikat di atas kursi goyang, mulutnya disumpal gombal, mukanya amburadul, tubuhnya disayat-sayat oleh pisau dan lukanya terasa semakin perih sehabis disiram deterjen. Sambil menahan sakit berkali lipat matanya melotot-lotot minta ampun. Ia telah digentayangi malaikat maut. Laki-laki setengah baya bernama Bangun yang karirnya sedang naik daun sebagai bos mafia Jakarta sekaligus bapak idola bagi preman-preman pasar berdiri angkuh tepat di depan pria yang dihajar. Rokok kretek menempel di mulutnya, lalu ia menghisapnya pelan-pelan selagi naluri membunuhnya masih digenggam Tuhan. Sesekali ia juga mengusap kepalannya yang sekokoh bola besi dan dengan kekuasaan sudah sampai di ujung tanduk ia memamerkannya pada semua anak buahnya yang rata-rata ber-KTP palsu. Di lain pihak si pria babak belur tambah bergidik oleh aksi Bangun, kutu-kutu dirambut kemaluannya rontok semua. \"Lu polisi karatan udah gua bayar mahal-mahal tapi kerja gak becus.\" Pria malang hanya mengerang sebab mulutnya masih disumpal. Tak ingin menahan malu Bangun cepat-cepat mencabut sumpalannya. \"Maafin saya bos, masalah ini saya jamin gak bakal keulang lagi.\" Karena merasa dihasut, Bangun bertambah naik pitam. Ia melepaskan tinju mautnya ke sekian kalinya, entahlah ke berapa, ia tak mau repot-repot menghitung. \"Lahan parkir di daerah blok M udah jadi milik gua. Kenapa masih ada aparat yang ngusik? Gua jadi rugi besar, lu sebenarnya bisa kerja gak?\" Ucapan Bangun membuat si pria polisi kelimpungan. Ia yakin dalam dirinya ketika menjawab semua kata-kata bos mafia itu sama saja mencekik lehernya sendiri. Maka ia mencoba membela diri, tapi situasinya tidak berkenan. \"Ampun bos, sebenarnya penggerebekan kemarin lusa di luar wewenang saya,\" si pria polisi berkata sambil mengerang, wajahnya telah benjol-benjol akibat pukulan sehingga suaranya terdengar kaku. Bangun memahaminya dan secara adil ia memberikan pukulan mautnya sekali lagi. \"Jadi selama ini gua sia-sia ngebayar lu. Gua kira lu bukan sekedar polisi tukang jaga pos.\" Emosi Bangun menjadi-jadi, urat-uratnya mengkerut, ia berusaha menunjukkannya pada semua anggota komplotan tanpa tipuan. Mereka harus sadar diri ketika bosnya sedang naik darah sama seperti macan kumbang kelaparan sedang mengamuk, berlebihan. Tidak hanya si pria polisi malang saja tapi semua anak buah ikut ketar-ketir. Lalu dalam hatinya Bangun sebenarnya ingin tertawa geli, ia puas berhasil menebar ancaman. Setelah puas ia memanggil anak buahnya yang lain, paling dipercaya, Prakoso. \"Tolong lu gebukin dia dulu tapi jangan sampai mampus,\" perintah Bangun sambil menepuk pundak Prakoso. \"Besok pas subuh baru lu lepasin asalkan dia masih mau kerja sama kita.\" Prakoso mengangguk menyetujui perintah bosnya. Asal dikasih pesangon, pria sinting ini mau melakukan apa saja. Bahkan meniduri parang atau golok, ia mau. Lalu si pria polisi kembali menjadi samsak diam. Prakoso memang sudah gila, si polisi meringis kesakitan tanpa diperdulikan. Ginjal sebelah kanannya mungkin pecah, ia muntah darah. Namun sesungguhnya sejak tadi, tidak jauh dari tempat orang-orang bergumul sepasang mata bandit kecil mengawasi. Mengenakan seragam sekolah dasar ia tampak terpelajar, akan tetapi digenggaman tangannya es lilin yang dibungkus plastik bening telah lama meleleh. Itu cukup membuktikan bahwa ia seorang bocah, ia menyedot es lilinnya sampai kempot, plastiknya sampai molor hingga meninggalkan genangan air liur berbuih. Sekarang Uco masih berumur sembilan tahun sedang duduk santai di atas meja lapuk ketika diajak bapaknya mukulin orang, dan ia belum sempat mengerjakan PR nya. Dengan wajah sumringah Bangun, bapak kandungnya Uco berjalan menghampiri. Sementara ia sendiri kegirangan melihat bapaknya datang. \"Bagaimana sekolahmu Co...?\" Sambil cengar-cengir Uco menjawab, \"Lancar pak.\" Bangun senyam-senyum, anaknya semakin kegirangan. Ia tahu Uco merupakan anak laki-laki kesayangannya, maka ia mendidiknya secara kasar agar tidak disepelekan. Uco sendiri juga mengerti tentang pekerjaan busuk bapaknya dan ia menerimanya dengan lapang dada. Sebab melalui hasil pekerjaan bapaknya itu, ia bisa beli semaunya perangkat video game terbaru untuk dipamerkan bukannya main layangan gapangan di lapangan karet bekas landasan kapal terbang. Oleh karenanya sudah nancap di ubun-ubun bahwa Uco selalu bangga terhadap bapaknya. Ia maniak pada bapaknya. Seusai saling berbasa-basi, mereka berdua kabur meninggalkan ruangan. Di luar gubuk, mobil sedan bercat metalik telah siap menunggu. Empat ban radial depan belakang mobil belepotan terkena lumpur. Curah hujan sedang naik, jalanan makadam perkampungan menjadi penuh air dan berlumpur semen. Kampung alami ini memang terletak berpuluh-puluh kilo dari Jakarta, tapi Bangun dengan senang hati menempuhnya. Ia harus turun tangan menyelesaikan masalah komplotan. Nama baiknya dipertaruhkan, harga diri diperjuangkan, bos mafia pribumi menapaki karier menubruk angin. Ia berusaha memperoleh status serta masa kejayaan. Berada di dalam mobil Uco menyuruh sopir menyalakan AC. Di angkasa sana angin mobat-mabit siap diadu pukul dengan kilat sehingga menjadikan udara lembab. Dan saat ini Uco sangat ingin tengkuknya ditiup oleh hawa sejuk ketika bersamaan bapaknya melepaskan kancing di bawah kerah kemejanya. Diam-diam ia seolah merasa kebiadaban bapaknya telah menumpul. Kejadian yang dilihatnya barusan membuatnya sedikit lupa akan kekejaman bapaknya di masa lampau saat ia masih mengotori tangannya sebagai ajudan walikota. Dulu Ia gampang menghabisi nyawa orang, sekarang tidak terlalu. \"Kenapa gak langsung dimatiin saja pak orang tadi,\" tanya Uco sembari mengalihkan pandangan ke kebun jeruk bali. Mobil mereka tengah menyusuri kawasan perkebunan. Sedangkan Bangun mengatur posisi duduknya sedemikian rupa. Perut buncit di usia empat puluhan membuat celana kainnya ketat. Lalu setelah posisinya sempurna ia menjawab pertanyaan Uco. \"Kalau mau bapak bisa matiin dia Co, tapi denger! Zaman sekarang kita kerja kudu pake otak.\" \"Maksudnya kudu pinter pak,\" kata Uco kecil polos, pipi gembulnya naik turun terkena irama laju mobil. \" Ye , maksud bapak pinter manfaatin keadaan. Sekarang bapak udah punya kekuasaan, jadi orang penting, makanya orang lain harus segan sama bapak. Contohnya polisi tadi kalau langsung dimatiin dia bebas tapi kalau ditakut-takuti dia gak bebas.\" Mendengar ucapan bapaknya, Uco malah terkekeh, \"Saya juga senang mengancam orang pak. Di sekolah saya jadi jagoan.\" Bangun tersenyum sambil mengelus-ngelus dahi Uco. \"Tapi inget kata bapak Co...! Orang yang diancam kadang bisa nyerang balik dari belakang. Pokoknya kamu jangan percaya sama siapa-siapa, jika perlu suatu hari kamu juga jangan terlalu percaya sama bapak.\" Ucapan Bangun ditelan mentah-mentah oleh Uco. Sejatinya ia bukan bocah pemberontak, ia yakin selama masih hidup, selama itu pula ia mampu mempercayai perkataan bapaknya. Uco selalu setia pada omongan bapaknya. Mobil mulai menderu mulus membelah sawah. Padi-padi sulit tumbuh karena terendam air, pelepah pohon pisang berserakan di aspal jalan setelah diterjang angin. Rintik hujan berhamburan menusuk kaca mobil, menciptakan uap yang menyebabkan si sopir kesulitan melihat ke arah jalan sehingga ia harus membersihkannya menggunakan punggung telapak tangan. Suasana perkampungan sangat sekarat, Topan yang datang di musim hujan tahun ini telah berhasil membuat nyali para penduduk kempes. Sapi ternak maupun kambing yang di kurung di dalam kandang ikut berteriak-teriak ketika petir menyambar. Mereka semua minta perlindungan. Sementara bandit kecil malah keenakan tidur pulas di atas jok mobil. Ia tenang, ia tak merasakan apa-apa, ia hanya bermimpi tentang bapaknya. Tentang perkataannya yang sulit dilupakan. Uco, pokoknya kamu jangan percaya siapa-siapa . Jika perlu suatu hari kamu juga jangan terlalu percaya sama bapak. ... Sudah enam tahun berlalu kota Jakarta semakin 'tinggi'. Moral manusia dikekang di atas gedung-gedung pencakar langit atau di bawah lubang toilet pelabuhan. Dikatakan lewat raut wajah culas tersorot di bawah gemerlapnya lampu kota metropolitan yang selalu menyala benderang diantara tiang-tiang listrik yang menancap di tanah seperti paku. Di sana-sini banyak berkeliaran tangan jahil tak nampak senang bersembunyi di dalam loket. Dan para perempuan saling menangis karena mencium bau amis. Menyusuri jalan raya yang padat berasap, kios-kios pencekik sudah siap membentuk barisan di beberapa pinggiran jalan. Mata-mata dingin tidak banyak mau ambil perduli, mereka sibuk berjalan di area masing-masing untuk mencari peruntungan. Sampai pada akhirnya di dekat kali telah ditemukan bungkusan ajaib sebesar karung goni, isinya daging, ia mengapung. Mata-mata dingin mulai ikut mengawasi. Mereka teralihkan, mereka cukup tertarik. \"Gua yakin tu bungkusan isinya mayat,'' ujar salah seorang pedagang kaki lima. \" Ah , ngarang aja lu. Paling-paling isinya cuma bom,\" timpal temannya sesama pedagang. \"Emangnya lu gak percaya.\" Temannya menghela nafas, \"Ingat jang, hidup makin sulit. Buat apa ngebunuh orang? lu mau masuk penjara, anak istri makan apa?\" Si pedagang tertawa cekikan, \"Bener juga lu.\" Lalu mereka saling tertawa cekikikan diantara keheningan. Tapi mata dingin lainnya masih penasaran. Mobil sirine milik petugas keamanan lalu lintas yang sedang berpatroli dipaksa dihentikan. Berbekal sarung tangan kadaluwarsa serta masker penutup hidung sang petugas bertindak. Bungkusan digeledah paksa. Isinya nongol membuat melotot, kasak-kusuk langsung terdengar di mana-mana. Keributan mengembang, mata-mata dingin buyar sebab mereka serasa diancam. Orang-orang yang tengah berkumpul menonton isi bungkusan tiba-tiba perutnya serasa dikoyak. Mereka mual-mual, lalu muntah mengeluarkan kotoran. Sementara semua orang sedang asik muntah-muntah, diantara keramaian seorang pemuda bertubuh tinggi berjalan santai sambil blusukan. Ia mengenakan seragam sekolah SMA putih abu-abu yang bagian ujung lengan kemejanya ditekuk secara urakan, serta tas selempang panjang sampai pinggul, tidak lupa sepasang sepatu konvers dengan suara mendecit-decit. Rambutnya di tata rapi, disisir klimis ke kanan tanpa poni dan diolesi minyak kelapa sawit. Kata bapaknya; si pemuda sudah mirip aktor barat pemenang oscar Sobert de Miro di film The devilfather . Dengan gaya menyakinkan Uco melangkahkan kakinya memasuki salah satu gang kecil menghiraukan keramaian. Menyusuri gang tampak sekelompok bocah-bocah badung asik main petak umpet sambil menguasai wilayah jalanan sempit. Hitung-hitungan sampai ke sepuluh, mereka tak mau capek-capek ambil pusing untuk memikirkan kepentingan pejalan kaki lainnya. Hingga pada akhirnya salah seorang bocah kehilangan kendali dan hampir menyenggol Uco. Lalu secara reflek ia melakukan jurus antisipasi sambil melompat semirip katak yang tengah melarikan diri. Meskipun jurusnya sempurna namun Uco masih merasa tak terima sehingga ia melakukan serangan balasan berupa pukulan ringan di jidat licin si bocah. Si bocah meringis dan sempat-sempatnya mengumpat. Ia menoleh ke arah Uco, menghadiahinya tatapan perlawanan. Ia terlalu bersemangat. \"Ada masalah apa bang?\" si bocah tengik berlagak macho. Membusungkan dada sebagai simbol laki-laki sejati. Ia sangat percaya diri setelah kemarin malam bergadang nonton Smekdown di Tv plasma punya pak RT. Tekhnik bantingan bintang gulat The Rock gak tanggung-tanggung, terlihat sangar, lelaki banget. Ia ingin mempraktekkannya tapi salah lawan. Uco sendiri tak bergeming, ia tak mau kalah tekanan dengan seorang bocah badung. Meskipun resikonya dikeroyok penduduk satu kampung ia masih tetap tak bergeming. Telinganya sudah merah, ia bukan villain. \"Lu kalo maen ati-ati! Liat jalan bener! Mau gua gampar, sini lu!\" Melihat muka garang Uco serta suara terkesan lebih laki-laki darinya, si bocah yang semula sok pahlawan kepribadiannya langsung berubah drastis. Ia jadi seperti model majalah privat two in one yang mati gaya. Si bocah menyerah membiarkan Uco lewat lalu memilih kabur ke bokong ibunya. Ia telah sengaja diteror oleh kengerian pemuda berandalan. Di lain pihak sang ibu gantian marah-marah. Jiwa keibuannya membakar. Tanpa disadari saat ini Uco remaja telah menjadi legenda sementara. Dia sudah melegenda ketika seorang ibu muda mengomelinya karena tak terima anaknya diperingatkan. Batinnya bergejolak, ia merasa dunia tak pernah berputar. Dari jaman nenek moyang semua orang selalu berpandangan jika benar atau salah tidak ada bedanya asalkan keluarga mereka selalu berada di tempat yang aman. Sebenarnya Uco ingin ikutan marah, tapi pemikiran tolol si ibu muda malah membuatnya ingat akan bapaknya. Perbuatan bapaknya sangat jauh lebih kejam dari ini namun ia tetap membelanya, lebih tepat mengikutinya. Keluar dari gang Uco masuk ke sebuah tempat, letaknya pas di depan bengkel sepeda motor. Hampir setiap hari kecuali Minggu para montir tak ada rasa sungkan menyetel motor sambil memutar pedal gas dalam-dalam. Banyak onderdil omprengan dibanting, knalpot bocor meraung-raung mengeluarkan bunga api seperti ledakan. Jelas-jelas menimbulkan suara berisik bagi telinga penduduk sekitar namun anehnya masih banyak orang yang mau service motor di bengkel cempreng itu. Sebelum masuk ke lorong lebih dalam Uco dicegat oleh wanita gemuk separuh baya dengan dandanan nyentrik. Cincin batu akik delima di jari tengahnya paling menyita perhatian. Katanya ada jelmaan manusia kolor ijo paling cabul bersemayam di dalamnya. Setiap malam jumat keramat ia wajib merendam cincinya di baskom dengan bunga tujuh rupa serta selembar foto gadis cantik. Supaya tidak kedinginan ia juga membasuh cincinnya menggunakan kain hangat. Uco mempercayainya sebab tujuan tersembunyinya ialah menyindir si wanita gemuk. Semakin ia percaya memiliki kekuatan supernatural, semakin ia tampak konyol. Maka Uco senang hati menikmati momen tersebut. Oleh karenanya ia biarkan wanita gemuk tetap tenggelam dalam imajinasi spiritual nylenehnya. Meskipun dalam kenyataan tak bisa dipungkiri lagi bahwa ia tetaplah seorang perawan tua yang terpaksa mencari rezeki di atas kursi rongsok sebagai penjaga tempat main bilyar, untungnya gagal mendapat sertifikat di panti pijat. Meski berat biasanya si wanita nyentrik memang selalu giat bekerja siang malam ditemani oleh kipas angin listrik berputar-putar atau tumpukan krat-krat botol minuman kosong berdebu atau brondong-brondong yang menyewa koin untuk main bilyar beberapa putaran. Terkadang ia nekat menggoda mereka, meskipun sayangnya sampai sekarang belum ada seorang pria waras yang mau melirik kecuali jika ia punya kebon sawah enam hektar di kampung bukan cincin batu akiknya. Setelah di cegat, Uco menghampiri si wanita gemuk itu sambil merogoh kantong celananya untuk mengambil dua lembar sepuluh ribuan. Lalu ia meletakkan uangnya di atas meja kayu sengon bertaplak kaca. \"Kasih gua tiga koin! kembaliannya boleh lu ambil aja.\" Wanita gemuk gemas menyambar uangnya. Ia membuka laci meja dan mengambil tiga keping koin aluminium untuk disodorkan ke telapak tangan Uco. Nafsu terpendam genap selama empat puluh tahun karena belum pernah dilubangi sampai hati membuatnya terdorong untuk menggoda. Dengan sengaja ia menyenggol kulit tangan Uco yang mulus kinclong, merasakan kenikmatan darah muda. Ia tersengat. Uco sempat kelabakan, ia terperanjat, sebelum megap-megap ia dihadang oleh perkataan, ralat pertanyaan. \"Tambah ganteng aja Co. Udah punya pacar?\" Sambil mendelik Uco tak menggubris. Ia ingin cepat-cepat lolos dari jebakan si wanita gemuk. Cuaca panas, hatinya juga tambah panas. Mendidih dicampuri kopi. Setelah tiga keping koin siap di tangan Uco nylonong masuk ke dalam. Sampai di ruangan tempat main bilyar sudah menunggu dua temannya mengenakan seragam SMA yang sama urakannya dengannya. Seorang temannya tengah duduk-duduk santai di kursi lipat warna merah karatan sambil ditemani rokok lintingan menunggu giliran. Sedangkan teman satunya sibuk menyodok bola di atas meja bilyar. \"Hore! bola sembilan masuk. Lu pada liat kan kemampuan gua.\" Teman Uco yang kegirangan karena sukses memasukan bola ke lubang namanya Benny, ia anak semata wayang juragan kertas. Saat ini bapaknya tidak sedang sibuk di pabrik tapi lagi fokus mengusap-ngusap dunia politik, ambisi misterius bapaknya jadi Presiden. Ketika dijalan tak sengaja lewat tiang listirik atau gardu pos ronda, kalian bisa menjumpai foto bapaknya Benny ada di sana. Pakai jas, peci dan intelek. Cukup bersemangat Uco menghampiri temannya yang sedang duduk di kursi lipat. Asap rokok mengepul, paru-parunya gila, ia sudah mencicipi tembako sejak umur tiga belas tahun atau bisa dibilang sejak SMP. Namanya adalah Eka begundal paling punya otak di antara teman-temannya tapi tidak licik. Hobinya menyimpan tembako plastikan di kantong celana, dan ketika hasratnya muncak ingin ngerokok ia akan minta kertas pada Benny. Benny juga selalu siap sedia, dirumahnya kertas numpuk-numpuk, bukan barang dagangan sebab Eka gemar menggulung kertas bersama tembako lalu menyedotnya. Faktanya ia tidak membenci rokok-rokok bermerek melainkan memang gak punya duit. Ketika Eka bersiap menyalami Uco dan menginjak rokok lintingannya di bawah sol sepatu konversnya, Benny nyruduk dari arah tak terduga. Ia menepuk pundak Uco bergaya sok superhero sambil menenteng stik bilyar yang diibaratkan seperti pentungan Gajah Mada. Pentungannya yang asli. \"Gila Co! Lu liat gak tadi di depan gang ada ribut-ribut. Emangnya ada apa?\" tanya Benny penasaran. Uco mengangkat bahu, ia agak sebal dengan tingkah Benny. \"Gua kagak tau.\" Merasa pertanyaaannya sia-sia Benny mencari kesenangan lain. \"Yah, eh lu traktir kita dong. Kita lagi kere nih.\" Benny sebenarnya jenis anak orang kaya namun hampir sebagian besar tabungan bapaknya sudah dikuras untuk mendanai biaya kampanye yang selangit sehingga berimbas pada jatah uang saku mingguannya. Sedangkan Eka pada dasarnya isi dompetnya memang cekak. Tidak mau mendengar ocehan Benny panjang lebar, Uco langsung merogoh kantong celananya dan memamerkan tiga keping koin. \"Nih, udah gua siapin. Lu bisa pake main.\" Benny mendelik memandangi koin-koin itu, \"Cuma tiga koin.\" \"Hari ini gua rada bosen,\" kata Uco sambil meraih stik bilyar di tempat penyimpanan. \"Main tiga putaran aja dulu.\" Tanpa basa-basi kemudian Benny meladeni perintah Uco, ia mengambil segitiga cetakan bola serta memasukkan satu koin di lubang bawah meja. Bola-bola yang bersembunyi keluar lalu ia mengatur posisi bola sedemikian rupa di atas meja bilyar. \"Seperti biasa ninebol .\" Sementara Uco sibuk dengan stik bilyarnya. Ia menyepuh stik bilyarnya agar sodokannya mantap sambil meniup-niup ujungnya seperti korek api. Tempat bilyar ini suasananya memang maskulin sehingga membuat Uco serta kawan-kawannya betah. Hanya ada empat meja bilyar dipasang selain pengujung juga jarang datang kecuali mereka bertiga yang rutin. Ruangannya kurang terawat, banyak krat botol minuman kosong berserakan dan hanya dirapatkan di dinding agar mencegah diterjang orang yang lewat. Sarang Laba-laba di dekat kali pernah digusur sehingga binatang itu ikutan mengkonstruksi rumah kontrakan di tiap pojok ruangan, bergelantungan menggelikan di sana-sini. Walaupun terkadang lubang hidung Uco serta kawannya rela bersin-bersin, pilek terserang oleh debu, namun mereka tetap senang sebab satu-satunya pemandangan paling menarik di sana ialah poster kalender yang dipajang dengan model montok Baywatch memakai bikini ketat warna merah. Setiap bulan modelnya ganti, jadi ada dua belas model cewek bahenol berbeda-beda. Pertandingan bilyar antara Uco lawan Benny digelar, mereka sama-sama konsentrasi. Namun suara Eka membuyarkan konsentrasi mereka. \"Co besok sekolah kita ditantangin anak pagar bangsa.\" Meski fokus nyodok bola bilyar Uco langsung menoleh. \"Dimana?\" Bola nomor empat meluncur ke lubang. Uco lebih dominan, Benny jungkat-jungkit. Harga diri cap kambing dipertaruhkan. Sementara Eka menyulut rokoknya lagi. \"Di lapangan banteng.\" Tanpa ragu-ragu Uco mengicar bola nomor lima, sudutnya strategis. \"Jabanin aja.\" \"Lu ikut.\" Bola nomor enam melenceng dari sasaran. Benny mulai kegirangan, Uco mulai naik darah. \"Ka, sejak kapan gua pernah mangkir,\" kata Uco sambil menghampiri Eka. Benny konsentrasi pada gilirannya. \"Tapi bokap lu udah gak mau liat lu tawuran lagi. Katanya lu ahli warisnya satu-satunya.\" Tiba-tiba Uco memamerkan kepalannya di depan mata Eka. Ia jadi ingat kalau temannya merupakan anak bos preman yang ditakuti. Kepalannya gak begitu ngeri tapi penuh janji. \"Justru karena ahli warisnya maka gua perlu ngelatih mental Ka. Tawuran itu ajang ngelatih mental, pokoknya gua ikut lah.\" Wajah Uco berubah serius membuatnya tampak seperti bocah kemarin sore. Tapi Eka seorang teman pengertian jadi ia menurut saja. Sedangkan di depan meja bilyar Benny bersorak bahagia sebab bola nomor sembilan sudah berhasil ia jinakan, keping koin pertama menjadi miliknya. Ia mengalahkan Uco. ... Lupakan kekalahan main bilyar kemarin, sekarang mereka sepakat pergi ke lapangan banteng. Lapangan bersejarah ini mantannya tukang jagal sapi, memang penuh sejarah sebab daging hasil penjagalan dibagikan gratis ke orang yang ngakunya gak mampu makan daging. Gak penting, namun yang terpenting di sana sudah ada sepuluh anak sedia datang dari sekolah Uco ditambah mereka jadi tiga belas, angka sial. Pihak lawan beruntung jumlahnya sedikit lebih banyak, ada lima belas. Mereka semua ditotal dengan tubuh sehat-sehat, gemuk, atletis. Dan tentunya siap adu pukul. Sekitar Jam dua siang orang kantoran masih sibuk bekerja tapi lapangan banteng lahan istimewa. Biasanya di sana sunyi, cuma tumbuh rumput kering. Sekarang malah berisik oleh suara jotos-jotosan yang terdengar saling dilepaskan. Umpatan atau makian sebisa mungkin tertahan sebab di mana-mana hanya tampak benda keras bertubrukan. Untungnya belum sampai ada banjir merah, rumput keringnya nanti ikutan merah. Para pelajar berandalan kesurupan. Tulang dibalas tulang, kepala dibalas besi, ah ada yang terkapar akhirnya. Kepalanya bolong muncrat darah, ia kejang-kejang mau mati. Temannya berkumpul mengerubungi, lawannya juga ikut-ikutan mengerubungi. Urat nadi diperiksa sudah berhenti. Ronde satu dibubarkan. Penonton marah lempar-lempar kaleng, pertandingannya berubah jadi kacau. Sebab semua pelajar kesurupan kabur semua. Setannya sudah dilepas. Jelas-jelas Uco pembunuhnya. Pembunuhan pertamanya. Lima belas menit lalu sebelum gong tawuran antar pelajar dibunyikan. Benny mendapati Uco menyimpan cakram besi yang diubet-ubeti selendang dan menyimpannya di punggung. Karena lemah, sering kena jotos, sering dijatuhkan, ia gampang mendidih. Maka ia lepas senjata pamungkasnya untuk dihantamkan. Sangat keras. Imbasnya si mayat malang terkapar di rumput kering. Darah di kepala bolongnya mili. Karena simpati temannya datang menghampiri. Bukan pada si mayat melainkan pada Uco. \"Gimana ni Co?\" Benny yang gemetar malah membuat bingung. \"Nanti sorean pas sepi kita lempar aja tu mayat ke kali. Sekarang tutupi dulu pake daun pisang.\" Eka memang pintar ia remaja paling bisa diandalkan. Setelah sarannya datang teman-temanya langsung bergerak mencari daun pisang di sekitar lapangan. Sementara mayat ditinggalkan para lalat datang mengincar. Ia dikerubungi lagi. Surup-surup kali dekat lapangan banteng makin terasa angker. Tiga remaja punya nyali segede jagung berani main di sana sambil membawa bungkusan, isinya daging. Semenit kemudian bungkusannya dihanyutkan, ia mengapung. Dua belas menit kemudian bungkusan kampul-kampul. Uco mengawasinya bungkusannya makin lama telah lenyap di ujung kali. Tiba-tiba tangan jail menepuk pundaknya dari belakang, ia terjungkal jatuh. Kaget ternyata tangannya Eka, ia tidak seperti hantu. Uco sempat penasaran. Namun Eka santai sambil menghisap rokok lintingannya. Ia berbisik ke Uco. \"Tenang aja Co masalahnya udah beres. Lu bisa percaya sama kita.\" Mendengar perkataan temannya Uco balik menatap ke Eka, menatapnya lekat-lekat, \"Makasih Ka. Tapi kalo urusan percaya, gua gak bisa percaya sama siapa-siapa.\" Kemudian Eka hanya tersenyum dan mengepulkan asap rokok dari mulutnya. . . Tamat. . . Notes. Terima kasih pada pembaca yang udah mampir Ini fic perkenalan pertama di fandom ini, salam kenal. Bikin fic ini setelah penasaran sama film Headshoot yang kayaknya keren abis. Setelah tau ada fandom The Raid, makanya bikin dulu di sini. Soalnya saya fans The raid dan dari dulu pengen bikin fic tentang dunia kriminal Jakarta, yang mendalam. Haha pokoknya makasih aja yg udah sempat kesini. Salam. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The raid 2 berandal selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T Genre: crime, slice of life"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Point of View","Author":"Nazuna-tan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10255968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Point of View A Berandal Fanfic The Raid 2: Berandal (c) Gareth Evans dkk Fic by Nazu Disaat Uco menarik pelatuk tersebut, dia sudah siap. Siap untuk berkuasa. Ayahnya tewas, Eka pun tumbang. Dia sudah siap untuk berkuasa, kini tak ada lagi penghalang baginya. Dia bersumpah untuk memulai segalanya dari kekosongan. Walaupun di lubuk hatinya yang paling dalam, dia menyesal telah menarik pelatuk tersebut. Sejujurnya, hatinya sakit saat menerima tatapan kecewa dari ayahnya, sesaat sebelum dia tewas. Saat Yudha datang, dia hanya bisa terdiam melihat mayat ayahnya, disaat orang yang paling ia percaya bertarung dan kalah, kemudian dibawa oleh anak buah Bejo. Dia tidak berkata sepatah kata pun. Jangankan berkata, bergerak saja pun tidak. 'Apa yang telah kulakukan?' nurani sang tuan muda berkata. Namun pikiran, hati, dan tubuhnya tak lagi sejalan. Dia masih saja tak bergerak saat rombongan Bejo meninggalkan ruangan itu. Sang Tuan Muda berjalan ke kamar mandi, dia masih syok dengan beberapa kejadian yang baru saja menimpanya. Dia baru saja kehilangan ayah, seorang sosok kakak, dan sosok sahabat yang selalu menemaninya di saat susah dan senang, dalam sekejap. Lebih parahnya lagi, oleh tangannya sendiri. Kalau dia memang tak memiliki hati, seharusnya dia malah senang bukan? Namun sebenarnya batinnya menjerit menyalahkan pikirannya yang sudah tidak rasional lagi. Uco lalu membasuh wajahnya, meyakinkan dirinya sendiri bahwa dirinya akan baik-baik saja. Dia berusaha mengesampingkan perasaannya. Dia akan baik-baik saja, toh kini dia sudah memiliki Bejo dan dia sudah bersumpah pada dirinya sendiri bahwa dia akan memulai segalanya dari nol! Siapa yang butuh keluarga? Sampai ia menemukan alat penyadap di dompetnya. \"Heh jongos, diem aja lu?\" Orang itu, bernama Reza. Orang ini berlagak sekali, seakan-akan dirinya penting. Dasar om-om tua brengsek. Uco menengok kearah lain, lalu dia tak sengaja bertatap mata dengan salah satu orang. Orang ini yang tadi bertarung dengan Yudha bukan? Uco menatapnya lebih seksama, dan akhirnya dia ingat. Postur tubuh ini... Yang membunuh Prakoso? BAJINGAN INI YANG MEMBUNUH PRAKOSO. Lamunan Uco lalu terhenti saat seorang pelayan membisikkan sesuatu tentang seseorang yang kabur dari mobil dan sudah sampai di tempat ini. Uco tersenyum sedikit, karena dia paham betul siapa yang sedang mereka bicarakan. Napas Uco tercekat saat dia melihat sebuah tanda di tangan Bejo. Lambang itu, lambang yang sama dengan lambang di tangan cecunguk yang berkhianat padanya di penjara, yang berusaha membunuhnya. Sekarang semuanya masuk akal. Sekarang yang dia inginkan hanyalah membunuh si bajingan ini. Lalu sepertinya dia akan bunuh diri. Lagipula, dia telah kehilangan segalanya. Kali ini hatinya mengalahkan pikirannya. Andaikan saja tidak ada orang disini, mungkin dia sudah menangis yang keras sekarang. Sekarang dia sudah siap. Siap untuk mati. Yudha muncul, lalu segalanya terjadi begitu cepat. Dor, dor, dor! Mati semua! Sekarang dia berdiri tepat didepan mayat Bejo yang kepalanya sudah pecah menjadi serpihan. Kini yang hidup di ruangan ini hanya dirinya, dan Yudha. Sosok yang sudah dianggapnya sebagai saudara sendiri, sahabat sejati. Dia tahu Yudha berada tepat di belakang sofa itu. Air matanya perlahan menetes, dirinya sudah siap. Sudah siap. Dia mengarahkan senjatanya kearah sofa, dan menembakinya secara acak. Menghindari lokasi dimana Yudha bersembunyi. Dia ingin memberi Yudha alasan untuk membunuhnya. Dia sudah membuat Ayahnya mati di tangan seseorang yang ia sayangi. Dia merasa bahwa kematiannya pun harus di tangan seseorang yang dia sayangi. Di luar dugaannya, Yudha malah memeluknya. Air matanya sudah hampir menetes. Dia tidak pantas menerima ini! Yudha begitu baik, sehingga akhirnya tangan Uco bergerak meraih belati yang dipegang Yudha, mengarahkan belati itu tepat diatas perutnya. Tusuk. Uco memeluk Yudha semakin erat. Tusuk lagi, kali ini tepat di jantung, lalu sobek. \"Terimakasih, Yudha. Maaf membuatmu melakukan ini. Aku pergi duluan.\" bisik Uco perlahan, hingga pengelihatannya menggelap. Uco merosot, jatuh dari pelukannya, lalu terbaring di lantai. Tak bernyawa. Dia tak dapat bergerak, masih syok atas apa yang terjadi. Tangan ini... Baru saja menghilangkan nyawa orang yang ia sayangi. Kata-kata terakhir Uco sangat membekas di dadanya. Dia masih tidak percaya dengan apa yang baru saja terjadi. Yudha― Rama memperhatikan wajah Uco dengan seksama. Tergaris sebuah senyuman tipis diatas bibir sahabatnya yang telah tewas tersebut. Rama lalu berjalan dengan kaki dan hati yang sama-sama pincang. Di pintu keluar dia disambut oleh rombongan orang Jepang yang dipimpin oleh Keiichi. Anaknya pak Goto. \"Sudah cukup.\" 'Gue udah cukup ngelihat orang yang gue sayangi tewas didepan mata gue.' Gila, kapan terakhir gue bikin fanfic?-_- Lagi kepincut banget sama The Raid 2 sih... Ga tahan ga bikin fanfic lol, bingung mau bikin kontribusi apa buat fandom(?) The Raid berhubung gambar gue abal banget... Maaf ya kalo gue kesannya sotoy banget nebak pikiran Uco sama Rama :') Trus yang bagian Uco nyadar si Asassin yang ngebunuh Prakoso, itu fully ngarang. Gue gatau itu si Uco nyadar apa kagak kalo si Asassin yang ngebunuh Prakoso anak buahnya Bejo, tapi masa dia ga sadar sih, secara dia ngeliat si Prakoso ditusuk... Or malah si Uco ga liat pembunuhnya karena sibuk ngumpet? Idk wakakaka I hope you guys enjoyed it! ","Summary":" Point of View A Berandal Fanfic The Raid 2: Berandal (c) Gareth Evans dkk Fic by Nazu Disaat Uco me"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Milikmu","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10557941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Malam ini Jakarta lagi dingin-dinginnya… atau mungkin gue kedinginangara-gara ngebut naik motor? Nggak tau deh. Yang gue tau, rasanya ini baru pertama kali gue ngeliat Jakarta secantik dan sehidup ini. Gedung-gedung pencakar langit yang bercahaya di malam hari, di tambah jalanan yang… ramai. Jakarta itu keras, tapi cantik dan susah dimengerti. Kayak perempuan, ya? Hmm. Gue udah berjam-jam muterin kota kelahiran gue ini. Karena sejujurnya, gue nggak punya tujuan pasti, gue nggak tau mau kemana dan ngapain. Dan ini udah gue lakuin dari beberapa bulan yang lalu—gue selalu 'kabur' dari rumah. Kalo orang nanya kenapa, mungkin gue cuma bilang ke mereka kalo mereka gak bakal ngerti—karena mereka emang bakal nggak ngerti. Gue aja nggak ngerti. Gue nggak ngerti, walaupun mungkin semuanya udah berakhir—seluruh peristiwa berdarah yang melibatkan hidup-mati gue. Gue tetep paranoid. Gue takut kalau-kalau masih ada orang-orang yang mengincar nyawa keluarga gue, gara-gara gue. Dan itu ngebuat nyaris semua hal jadi terlihat kayak penyakit mematikan yang bisa nular ke gue—atau keluarga gue, setiap saat. Kapan saja, tanpa kita sadari. Tanpa gue bisa mencegahnya terjadi. Yah… tapi kayaknya penyakit emang jauh lebih hardcore . Isa, Istri gue, bilang kalau itu nggak apa-apa. Itu semua proses. Walaupun gue nggak tau, apa gue masih waras atau nggak sekarang. Coba bayangin… Ngeri nggak, kalo misalnya di jalan ketemu pengendara motor yang keliatan dari luarnya, sih, kalem-kalem aja. Tapi ternyata? dia orang gila. Semoga aja gue bukan keduanya. Kalo pun gue salah satunya, yah… kita semua tahu, lah, gue yang mana. Tapi, mungkin semua ini emang hanya sebuah proses yang 'nggak apa-apa'. Bunawar sering bilang dulu, kalo dia janji untuk ngejaga keluarga gue dan ngejauhin mereka dari jangkauan apapun—yang sedihnya, bahkan jauh dari jangkauan gue sendiri. Dan dia nepatin janji itu. Tapi janji itu, tanpa gue sadari, turut terkurung dan tertanam kokoh di diri gue. Janji itu ngebuat gue bertanya-tanya tentang suara orang-orang di sekitar, dan ngebikin gue nggak nyaman untuk berada deket dengan keluarga gue; yang dapat di simpulkan sebagai 'gue ini pemancing marabahaya. Kalo gue idup, berarti gue cuma bisa nyusahin orang aja'. … hmm? … ?! … . … Oh ya ampun, di antara miliaran tempat yang ada, kenapa malah di sini… … [ MILIKMU ] [Listen: /amarantemusic/one-last-time] Rama mendesah, lalu mematikan mesin motornya yang sedari tadi bernyanyi menemaninya menjelajahi sang Ibukota. Ia tidak membuka helm-nya, juga tidak bangkit dari motornya. Mata jernihnya bergerak-gerak sekilas memandang apa yang ada di depannya—sebuah Danau. Tidak ada orang satupun di sekitar—atau mungkin ada, tapi Rama tidak menyadarinya atau mungkin juga dia tidak perduli. Ia menoleh ke sebelah kanannya; di situ, Bangun pernah duduk dan menceramahinya tentang Uco, seraya memancing ikan. Lalu Ia melirik ke tepiannya; dulu anak buah Bangun pernah membuang sebuah kantung besar berisi mayat. Entah mayat siapa. Mungkin Mayat si Topan. Rama menatap langit untuk beberapa saat—bulan berbentuk sabit tidak sempurna, dan tertutupi gumpalan tipis awan. Gara-gara sibuk dengan pikirannya sendiri, Ia sampai tidak sadar ke mana sang motor membawanya. Danau ini menandakan bahwa dirinya sudah berada jauh dari Jakarta. Cukup jauh dari keluarganya—mungkin ini hal bagus, mungkin juga tidak. Kali ini, Rama menghela napas, kemudian mencopot helm-nya. Rambutnya yang sudah tumbuh lagi, terbentuk rapi walau terlihat agak kuno. Dia jadi terlihat jauh lebih muda dari usia aslinya sekarang—juga lebih tua pada saat bersamaan. Kantung mata tebal, mata sayu namun jernih, kulit yang terlihat kusam pucat… Dia sehat, tapi terlihat seperti orang sekarat. Karena memang begitulah dia sekarang. Dia belum sembuh . Setelah beberapa menit merenung dengan pikiran Kosong, Rama memutuskan untuk memarkirkan motornya di bawah pohon tak jauh darinya. Kemudian turun dari motor untuk duduk di rerumputan dan bersandar pada sang pohon. Sejujurnya, Ia tidak tahu harus merasakan apa. Tempat ini tidak memiliki kenangan khusus sama sekali. Hanya pembicaraan antara dirinya dengan orangtua yang mengeluh tentang anaknya yang susah di atur. Tapi kemudian Ia bertanya-tanya, apakah dia akan seperti itu juga nantinya, atau tidak. Amit-amit. Angga, jangan sampe ya. Ujarnya dalam hati seraya menggelengkan kepala pelan—kemudian tanpa alasan jelas, Ia mulai mendeklarasikan kepada dirinya sendiri, bahwa dia akan menjadi ayah yang baik untuk mengajarkan Angga, anaknya, agar menjadi anak yang baik juga. Tapi tempat ini terlalu bagus untuk di sia-siakan—mengherankan, di danau ini sama sekai tidak ada sampahnya. Udara di sini juga tidak sepengap di Jakarta, walaupun tempat ini berlokasi di kota tetangga, Tanggerang. Jadi, Rama memutuskan untuk merenung. Apa saja, untuk mengalihkan pikirannya. Ia bertanya-tanya tentang lahan siapa ini, tapi kemudian dengan tiba-tiba Ia berdiri dan memeriksa belakang celananya. Ternyata ada banyak semut… Dengan cepat Ia menepuk-nepuk celana dan punggungnya sampai Ia yakin tidak ada satupun semut tertinggal di tubuhnya. Akhirnya Rama berpindah tempat dan duduk kembali di motornya. Lalu, 5 menit kemudian Ia sudah merebahkan tubuhnya di atas motornya (yang mirip motor balap) itu seraya menatap langit yang monoton dan tidak hipster sama sekali. Diam-diam merutuki dirinya sendiri, kenapa Ia tidak membawa mobil saja tadi. Ia mulai menerawang, lagi. Matanya terpejam, dan membiarkan dirinya terbawa arus gelombang perasaan dan masa lalunya. Kalau ada danau kosong begini dulu di dekat rumahnya, dia dan Andi—juga teman-temannya, pasti akan langsung menyerbunya. Siang-siang, bela-belain bolos sekolah. Yah… nggak bolos sekolah juga sih , pikir Rama. Yang ada bisa di hajar abis sama Bapak— Sedetik kemudian, Rama terhenyak dengan pemikiran itu. Tanpa sadar, tatapannya tertuju pada satu-satunya bintang yang ada di langit malam di atasnya. \" Karena ini emang tempat gue! Mereka semua ngehormatin gue, Ram! \" Rama mengernyit sekilas. Tiba-tiba, ada perasaan ngilu menjalar perlahan dari perut hingga ke kerongkongannya. Ia pun memutuskan untuk menutup kedua matanya dan berusaha mengabaikan rasa sakit itu. Seandainya lo bisa ngeliat gue sekarang … Rama membuka kembali matanya, raut wajahnya mengeras dan matanya memerah karena berkaca-kaca. Ia masih marah. Ia masih tidak bisa menerimanya. Nggak. Seandainya lo bisa ngeliat GIMANA BAPAK NYAMBUT GUE WAKTU ITU. Tanpa adanya sosok elo dimana pun … Dengan susah payah, Rama menelan setiap teriakan yang nyaris tidak terbendung itu—yang pada akhirnya hanya dapat bergema menggantung di pikirannya. Apa lo akan tetep ngomong kalo lo nggak di hormatin? Nggak dihargain? Nggak di sayang?! Rama berteriak keras. Air mata mengalir ke pelipis ketika Ia menutup wajahnya dengan kedua tangannya. Pertahanannya nyaris runtuh, dan Ia tidak bisa membiarkan itu terjadi. Terserah, mau ada orang yang lihat atau tidak. Rama tidak perduli. Lebih baik begini daripada kehilangan kendali tanpa ada dukungan dari siapapun. Gue gabisa kayak gini terus , pikirnya. Rasa sakit dari bekas luka-luka yang ada di sekujur tubuhnya tiba-tiba muncul. Entah itu hanya halusinasi atau sungguhan. Tapi memang itu yang dibutuhkannya… Rama butuh rasa sakit untuk membuatnya terus terjaga dari kewarasannya yang menipis. Seperti morfin untuk menumpulkan rasa sakit dengan mengalihkannya ke tempat yang lain. Tempat yang jauh lebih baik daripada tempat sebelumnya. Rama kembali menenangkan diri dengan cara mendengarkan keadaan sekitar. Suara sayup mobil-mobil yang lewat di jalan tol tak jauh dari situ, perlahan membawa dirinya menuju alam bawah sadarnya—alam mimpi. Mimpi tentang masa lalu. … Andi duduk di hadapan Rama, tatapannya mengawasi gerak-gerik adiknya yang baru berusIa 3 tahun itu dengan penasaran. Kedua tangan yang tadinya bersilang di depan dadanya, kini berpindah ke belakang kepalanya, dan Ia pun menyandarkan punggung di tembok belakangnya. \"Hmm…\" Andi bergumam, sambil sesekali melirik Rama yang terlihat sibuk dengan mainan-mainannya—Andi tahu, diam-diam Rama akan menggigiti mainan-mainan yang ada di tangannya jika Ia lengah sedikit. \"Besok, abang udah mulai sekolah loh.\" Ujar Andi mengumumkan. Rama yang mendengar hal itu langsung menoleh ke arah Andi dengan kedua matanya yang bulat besar, kemudian beralih ke baju seragam yang tergantung di pintu lemari. \"Kamu mau ikut?\" Tambahnya lagi, menyengir setelah melihat respon Rama. Untuk beberapa saat, Rama terdiam. Namun Ia pun kembali bermain dengan mainan-mainannya seolah tidak tertarik dengan ajakan Abangnya itu. \"Yah… kamu emang belom boleh ikut sekolah, sih.\" Celoteh Andi, membela diri ketika mendapat penolakan dari adiknya itu. \"Kata bapak, abang bisa tau apa aja kalo sekolah. Itu berarti, abang bakal jadi lebih pinter. Kalo kamu sih, belom.\" Andi meneruskan celotehannya, berusaha untuk terus menarik perhatian adiknya. Ya ampun, Andi… apa sih yang kamu harapkan dari seorang bocah berumur 3 tahun . \"Terus… abang bisa makan es krim sebanyak abang mau! Bapak kan nggak bakal tau,\" sahut Andi, sebagai usaha terakhirnya. Dan berhasil. Rama menatap Andi dengan mata berbinar dan membuka mulut, \"Eskim!\" gumamnya. Andi mengangguk dengan ekspresi serius yan dibuat-buat. \"Iya, Eskim!\" ulangnya. Rama mengangkat tangan kirinya yang mungil, dan memelas. \"Mau…. Uh…\" celotehnya. Andi langsung menggeleng. Rama semakin memelas. \"Kamu harus sekolah dulu, baru boleh.\" Tukas Andi. Mendengar hal itu, Rama langsung bangkit dari duduknya dan berjalan menuju pintu. Andi buru-buru menyusulnya. \"Bu! Ibu…\" Baru saja Rama keluar kamar, bermaksud mencari sang ibu—namun tubuhnya langsung terangkat dari tanah oleh Andi yang berusaha menghentikannya. \"Uh…. Aaaaa!\" Rama merengek ketika Andi membawanya kembali ke kamar. Tangannya langsung memukul wajah Abangnya berkali-kali. \"Ibuuu!\" serunya. \"Sssshh! Ssstt… a-aduh! Ih, Rama! Diem—\" Andi tidak menurunkan Rama walaupun sudah mulai kualahan dengan serangan bertubi-tubi dari tangan mungil adiknya itu. \"Eh… eh, kamu kalo mau es krim, harus diem-diem! Nanti dimarahin bapak kalo ketauan!\" Ujar Andi pelan. Rama langsung terdiam walau masih cemberut. Kedua matanya menatap mata Andi, seolah menyimak dan mengerti. Tak berapa lama, terdengar suara memanggil keduanya. Suara Ibu mereka menyuruh keduanya untuk makan. \"Eskim…\" gumam Rama, yang buru-buru dibalas anggukan dari Andi. \"Iya, nanti abang beliin eskim. Abis pulang sekolah. Oke?\" \"'kolah?\" Tanya Rama, bingung. \"Iya, besok kan abang sekolah…\" Dengan masih menggendong Rama, Andi keluar kamar dan celingukan. Tidak ada tanda-tanda kehadiran sang ibu. Ia pun melangkah dengan kepayahan menuju ruang makan. Rama menarik-narik rambut Andi, menuntut jawaban lebih. \"Rama… Abang nggak punya uang kalo sekarang. Beli Eskimnya besok, ya? Tapi kamu harus janji, jangan bilang-bilang ibu atau bap—\" \"Jangan bilang-bilang apa, Abang?\" Andi nyaris menjatuhkan Rama, karena kaget mendengar suara ibunya yang ternyata sudah muncul dari dapur, membawa makanan. \"Andi, yang bener dong ah gendong adeknya.\" Tegur sang ibu ketika melihat kepanikan di wajah anak pertamanya itu. Andi hanya dapat menyengir dan segera memberikan Rama kepada sang ibu setelah Rama selesai terkikik. \"Ibu… Eskiiim. Eskim….\" celoteh Rama ketika sudah berpindah tangan dari abangnya. Andi pura-pura kagum dengan masakan yang ada di atas meja makan. \"Es krim? Hmm… iya, iya… nanti beli Es krim kalo kamu udah selesai makan, ya?\" ujar sang Ibu yang langsung meluncurkan sesendok nasi ke arah Rama. Andi menoleh dengan cepat. \"Abang juga mau, bu!\" Mendengar hal itu, Rama—yang mulutnya penuh makanan—langsung menggeleng-geleng cepat, Membuat ibu mereka terkekeh dan menggoda Andi, \"Tuh, Rama bilang nggak boleh, bang… gimana dong?\" Andi langsung berpura-pura melemparkan pandangan sebal ke arah adiknya itu, lalu dengan iseng Ia mengambil piring makan Rama dan berakting memakannya. \"Coba geleng-geleng lagi?\" tantang Andi, yang berhenti ketika melihat Rama sudah mau merengek. Rama menoleh ke arah ibunya yang pura-pura tidak tahu, untuk meminta dukungan. \"Nah, sekarang… boleh kan abang makan eskim juga?\" Tanya Andi, kemudian menurunkan piring adiknya ke tempat semula. Rama langsung mengangguk cepat, membuat Ibunya tertawa dan Andi berseru senang. … Rama dan Andi, abangnya, sebenarnya hanya selisih beberapa tahun saja. Dan mungkin itulah penyebab kenapa mereka seolah saling mempengaruhi satu sama lain, seperti sisi-sisi sebuah magnet. Atau, seperti Matahari dan Bulan. Andi, yang memiliki sifat seperti matahari—panas, namun bersinar cantik hingga mampu mempengaruhi orang-orang. Dia memiliki kecerdikan yang tidak dapat di tebak—kau akan merasa bahwa kau berhutang budi kepadanya, padahal sebenarnya kau lah yang di manfaatkan olehnya. Dia seolah tidak butuh kecerdasan, karena kecerdikannya itu. Dia berbakat alami Sementara Rama, Ia seperti Bulan—tenang, tapi keras kepala. Sifanya yang polos tapi berani, membuat dia jadi seperti cermin; menjadi cermin bagi orang-orang di sekitarnya untuk membuat mereka sadar diri. Dan karena itulah, Andi—sebagai matahari untuknya—tidak akan pernah lelah menyinarinya. Karena sinar itu seolah akan kembali terpantul kepada Andi sendiri, sesuai dengan karakternya. Lagipula, dia memang ingin memamerkan Rama ke seluruh DunIa dengan sinarnya itu. Karena adiknya itu bercahaya di kegelapan. … Sebagai seorang kakak, sudah kewajiban baginya untuk memberikan contoh terbaik kepada adiknya. Berharap sang adik mau mengikuti jejaknya. Tapi tidak bagi Andi. Ia paling benci di tiru orang. Bahkan adiknya pun tidak terkecuali. Oleh karena itu, ketika Rama berusaha untuk menjadi yang terbaik di setiap mata pelajaran—seperti abangnya. Andi akan berusaha untuk menjadi orang yang tidak perduli dengan pelajaran. Tapi, mau sekeras bagaimana pun Rama berusaha, Ia seolah hanya maju beberapa langkah saja, tidak bisa mengejar Abangnya yang sudah jauh. Baik dari segi prestasi akademis, maupun Non-akademis. Bila mungkin Rama memiliki bakat alami dalam pelajaran tertentu, Andi akan dengan sigap menandinginya—bahkan mampu melewatinya. Hanya pelajaran Silat lah yang mampu mebuatnya bisa seimbang dengan abangnya. Andi sebenarnya kuat—sangat kuat. Tapi kekuatannya berbeda dari Rama, karena adiknya itu bisa bergerak cepat. Hanya saja, Andi sangatlah cerdik. Ia belajar Silat sejak berusia 8 tahun, sedangkan Rama sejak 6 tahun. Lalu, ada hal lain juga yang membedakan Ia dengan Rama. Ia pandai merangkai kata-kata. Ia pandai menghasut—sesuai dengan karakternya. Nyaris semua perempuan yang mengenalnya, jatuh hati terhadapnya karena keahlIannya itu. Namun Ia memiliki kekurangan yang sangat jelas; Ia tidak bisa mengontrol diri jika ada yang berani macam-macam dengan adiknya. Dia juga memiliki aura yang cukup mengintimidasi bila berada dekat denganya. Itulah mengapa Andi hanya memiliki segelintir teman—teman-teman yang setia, yang berhasil Ia manfaatkan dengan baik. Tapi Rama berbeda. Walau Ia tidak memiliki bakat khusus yang menonjol selain kegesitannya, Dia disukai banyak orang. Bila Andi pandai memanipulatif sesuatu, Rama lah orang yang bisa menetralkan manipulasi tersebut. Dan satu lagi hal yang tidak bisa didapatkan oleh Andi, ada di diri Rama, terpancar jelas seperti matahari dari sisi lain yang jauh lebih besar dan lebih cantik darinya; Itu adalah cinta dari Bapak mereka. Seperti halnya Rama yang tidak mampu melampaui sang kakak… Andi juga tidak mampu mengalihkan perhatian dan kasih sang bapak—yang terlihat jelas, lebih menyayangi Rama ketimbang dirinya. Mau berapa kali pun Ia mendapat nilai terbaik di sekolah, atau prestasi yang Ia raih dengan jerih payahnya—bapaknya tidak akan terpengaruh atau berpaling kepadanya. Dan itu membuatnya tidak bisa untuk tidak merasa iri kepada Rama. … \" Mereka hanya tahu, cahaya adalah murni — Karena begitulah malaikat, para cahaya . Tapi tidak hanya mereka, ada juga api— Tidakkah kau ingat, api dari neraka? Iblis yang menari dan bernyanyi, Bahkan malaikat pun membungkam diri. Dan kau bilang gelap berarti kelam— Tidakkah kau tertidur ketika malam?\" Andi membungkukkan badannya sedikit, pamit undur diri. Rama melihatnya dan masih ingat dengan jelas, sebelum abangnya selesai membaca puisi itu, Ia mencari kehadiran bapak mereka—yang tidak hadir saat itu. Maka tanpa pikir dua kali, Rama langsung menjadi orang pertama yang bangun dan tepuk tangan, yang kemudian di susul oleh teman-teman Andi dan teman-temannya yang lain. Suara tepuk tangan meriah menggema ke penjuru aula sekolah itu, menandakan bahwa lomba sastra antar sekolah itu mulai, karena Andi adalah peserta pertama kategori pembacaan puisi karya sendiri. Tapi suara tepuk tangan yang ada seolah hanya angin lalu di telinga Andi—setelah Ia mengetahui bahwa firasatnya benar. Bapaknya tidak akan hadir untuk melihatnya. Tapi dengan sebisa mungkin Ia berusaha untuk terlihat bangga dan senang seperti biasanya, lalu mulai bercanda dengan teman-temannya setelah kembali ke belakang panggung. \"Nggak nyangka gue… Orang kampret macem elo gini bisa bikin puisi kayak gitu,\" canda salah satu temannya. Andi tetap berakting membangga-banggakan diri yang hanya sebatas candaan saja sebagai responnya. \"Eh, lo nyontek darimana tuh puisi?! Dih, nggak percaya gue kalo itu elo yang bikin sendiri…\" ujar temannya yang lain. Semakin banyak pujian yang di terima olehnya, semakin membuatnya mau muntah. Andi tidak menginginkan pujian dari siapapun. Ia hanya ingin mendengar—atau setidaknya, melihat tatapan bangga dari bapaknya. Itu saja sudah cukup untuknya. Dan tidak ada yang bisa melihat kekecewaan yang Ia sembunyikan dengan hati-hati itu, selain adiknya yang sedari tadi mengawasinya dari jauh. Ketika Andi menemukan Rama di tengah keramaian dan tengah melambai ke arahnya, Ia langsung berjalan mendekatinya. Kalau dia yang tampil, bapak pasti dateng … Dentuman jantungnya menggiring setiap langkah yang Ia ambil ketika mendekati adiknya. Entah kenapa, tiba-tiba kedua kakinya terasa berat—dan itu membuat cara jalannya jadi terlihat aneh untuk sesaat. \"Oi… gimana penampilan gue tadi? Nggak nyangka, kan, kalo gue bisa bikin puisi kayak gitu…\" Tanya Andi tersendat-sendat. \"Parah,\" \"Hah? Parah gimana?\" \"Jelek. Kaku banget.\" Andi menyengir, kemudian dengan main-main Ia meninju pelan perut adiknya—tapi Rama tentu bisa dengan cepat menangkisnya. \"Oh, ya… Bokap minta maaf, kayaknya dia dateng telat—\" Kini, giliran Andi yang dengan tangkas menangkis ucapan Rama, \"Gue nggak perduli—dan gue laper… Lo ada duit nggak? Lo, kan, punya utang sama gue waktu itu, berarti lo harus bayarin gue makan. Oke?\" Andi langsung merangkul Rama sebelum adiknya itu sempat protes, menyeretnya ke tempat jajaran bazar yang menjual makanan. Namun di tengah jalan, Ia berpapasan dengan orang yang tidak Ia harapkan untuk bertemu. \"Bapak?\" gumam Rama, menyuarakan kebingungan dari pikiran sang kakak. Andi pun melepas rangkulannya dan langsung waspada. \"Bapak telat, ya? Andi… kamu sudah tampil, tadi?\" Tanya sang orangtua seraya membelai kepala Rama dan menatap Andi. Ketenangannya membuat Andi kesal. \"Iya—\" \"Coba bapak liat tadi… puisinya Andi keren loh!\" serobot Rama, seraya menyikut abangnya yang berdiri kaku di sebelahnya, \"Lo masih pegang, kan? Tunjukin ke bapak coba.\" Tambahnya. Jarak antara Andi dengan bapaknya terlihat jelas, apalagi aura 'bermusuhan' di antara keduanya, sangat ketara terasa. Awalnya, Andi terlihat ragu. Tapi dengan cepat Ia tutupi keraguan itu dengan mengambil kertas puisi yang berada di kantung celana depannya, lalu memberikannya kepada sosok di hadapannya tanpa suara. Untuk beberapa saat, sang orang tua sibuk membaca kertas yang ada di tangannya, lalu Ia mendongak lagi untuk menatap Andi. \"Makna puisi ini, apa?\" tanyanya. Ini dia … Andi berdeham— kenapa Ia berdeham? Itu hanya akan membuat bapaknya ragu jika Ia sendiri ragu ... \"—Munafiknya orang-orang.\" Jawab Andi. Bapaknya mengangguk mengerti, kemudian melipat kembali kertas puisi milik anak pertamanya itu, dan tersenyum sekilas ke arahnya—kemudian beralih ke Rama yang tidak berhenti mengawasi Bapaknya seraya berdoa dalam hati. \"Kalian… laper? Mau makan?\" Tanya sang orang tua seraya mengeluarkan dompet dari saku celananya. \"Sebenernya… Andi dipanggil guru—\" balas Andi cepat, namun langsung di potong oleh bapaknya. \"Andi. Kenapa, sih, kamu selalu ngehindarin bapak? Emang salah bapak ke kamu apa?\" Mendengar hal itu, Andi mati-matian untuk tetap memasang wajah datar, bukannya berjengit marah. Jelas sekali—dari cara bicara bapaknya itu, bahwa itu adalah nada menuduh. Ini dia … \"Andi nggak ngerti apa maksud bapak.\" Jawabnya, berusaha berbicara setenang mungkin, tapi malah terlihat kaku jadinya. \"Nggak mungkin anak secerdas kamu, nggak ngerti maksud perkataan bapaknya sendiri. Oh… mungkin, kamu udah di butain sama… ke-egoisan?\" Udah… cukup. \"Egois?\" Andi menahan diri untuk tidak tertawa getir, tubuhnya menegang. \"Bapak bilang di panggil guru itu adalah… ke-egoisan?\" \"Oh, nggak. Bapak nggak bilang gitu.\" Sang orang tua masih tenang \"Maksud bapak itu… Bapak tau, kalo itu cuma alesan doang. Kamu baru ketemu bapak beberapa menit yang lalu, tapi tau-tau bilang di panggil guru. Kapan lebih tepatnya kamu di panggil guru?\" ujar sang orang tua dingin. Orang-orang di sekitar mulai tertarik perhatIannya kepada Andi dan bapaknya. Rama yang menyadari hal itu, langsung membuka mulut untuk bersuara. Tapi, Andi menyerobotnya terlebih dahulu. \"Bapak tau apa sih? Baru juga dateng. Kalo emang nggak niat buat dateng, ya nggak usah dateng sekalian! Jangan kayak gini. Dateng-dateng ngajak ribut—\" Belum sempat Andi menyelesaikan kalimatnya, tangan Bapaknya langsung terangkat untuk menamparnya. Tapi Rama yang memiliki refleks defensif yang cepat, langsung menarik mundur Andi, dan mengangkat tangannya sama tinggi dengan tangan bapaknya. Dia baru saja menutupi gerakan-mau-menampar-Andi bapaknya itu, menjadi sebuah high-five dengan tangannya sendiri. \"Nah, hah! Liat, kan, pak? Aktingnya abang di sini aja keren… wuih, coba bapak ngeliat Andi di atas panggung tadi.\" ujarnya cepat-cepat. Ia langsung menarik turun tangan bapaknya, lalu menoleh ke arah Andi—yang menatapnya tidak percaya. \"Tadinya kita emang mau makan sebentar, 'ye gak? Tapi lo kan tau sendiri—gue juga udah bilang, kan, Bu Darsi orangnya nggak sabaran… jadi, mending lo buruan sana.\" Usir Rama. \"Bapak makan sama Rama aja, yok! Rama laper, laper, laper…\" tambahnya seraya menarik bapaknya menjauhi Andi, menuju bazar. Jantung Rama berdegup kencang sampai Ia mengira kalau Ia mungkin punya penyakit jantung. Parah banget. Kenapa gue ngelakuin hal nggak jelas kayak gitu, tadi… Wajahnya memerah—apalagi ketika menyadari bahwa orang-orang yang sedari tadi mengawasi pertengkaran kecil keluarganya itu, mulai tertawa-tawa kecil seraya menunjuk dirinya. Tapi, mungkin ini jauh lebih baik —daripada memperpanjang urusan tadi. \"Kakak kamu tuh ya… amit-amit deh. Kayaknya bapak nggak pernah ngajarin dia jadi anak kurang ajar gitu deh.\" Gerutu sang bapak di belakangnya. Lalu Ia bergumam mengeluh tidak jelas, sedangkan Rama terus menariknya untuk berkeliling mencari tempat makan yang ada meja dan kursinya. Rama tidak berani berkomentar, dan pura-pura sibuk memilih makanan—sampai akhirya sang bapak menegur dirinya. \"Kamu juga… tadi apa-apaan maksudnya?\" \"Ih, bapak… nggak malu apa, diliatin banyak orang tadi?\" jawab Rama akhirnya. Lalu Ia melepaskan tangan bapaknya dan mengambil tempat duduk, di ikuti bapaknya. \"Kamu bener-bener mirip ibu kamu, Ram…\" ujar bapaknya seraya menghela napas. Rama menoleh ke arahnya—terdiam sesaat karena tidak tahu harus bagaimana, kemudian memutuskan untuk memesan makanan saja sebagai pengalih perhatian. Ia sudah mendengar itu jutaan kali, dari jutaan orang yang mengenal dekat dirinya dan kelurganya. Dulu, rasanya baik-baik saja untuk mendengar itu, tapi semenjak ibunya meninggal, Ia menutup diri dari apapun yang berhubungan dengan sang ibu. … Rama masih bisa mengingatnya. Kalimat-kalimat yang biasa di lontarkan orang-orang ketika melihat Ia dan Almh. Ibunya, walaupun saat itu Ia masihlah sangat muda. \" Mata kamu mirip ibu kamu, deh …\" \" Ini anak kedua? Ih, mukanya jeplakan kamu banget! \" \" Hmm… idungnya sih mirip suami kamu, ya… tapi mukanya… kayaknya kalo udah gede nanti, dia bakal mirip kamu, deh… tapi versi cowok! Hahahah. \" Dan sebagainya. Dan sebagainya . Rama mengerutkan dahi, dan mendecak. Ia juga masih ingat respon orang-orang tentang abangnya… \" Kalo yang ini sih, bapaknya banget… \" \" Andi, ya? Wah… ih, dia kalo senyum mirip kamu, loh… \" \" Pinter banget sih anak lo… buat gue aja, ya? Denger-denger, Lo mau punya anak lagi, kan? Hihihih. \" Seram juga kalau mengingatnya sekarang. Di kelilingi tante-tante, teman sepermainan ibunya. Tapi, daripada itu semua… sebenarnya ada satu hal kecil yang di sadari Rama—terutama setelah Ia melihat Andi untuk yang terahir kalinya di bangunan terkutuk itu. Satu hal sepele yang sangat mengganggunya hingga sekarang. Rama mungkin memang memiliki mata yang sama persis dengan ibunya. Tapi, semakin Ia dewasa, semakin lekuk wajahnya terbentuk dan menjadikannya lebih mirip Bapaknya. Andi juga kebalikannya. Untuk beberapa saat, Rama merenungkan hal itu; dan bertanya-tanya—apakah perasaan benci Andi terhadap bapaknya langsung muncul kembali, ketika ia melihat dirinya di tempat itu? Dia udah ngebunuh orang hanya demi dirinya …. Rama memegangi kepalanya yang tiba-tiba terasa berat, dan mengingatkan dirinya sendiri tentang itu. \" Itu siapa? \" Tanya Rama, menunjuk sekilas tumpukan tubuh tak sadarkan diri yang terletak tak jauh dari tempatnya dan tempat Andi duduk. Andi mengikuti arah tunjuk adiknya, dan menjawab dengan tenang. \" Bukan siapa-siapa .\" Rama menelan dengan susah payah; Abangnya yang sudah menghilang selama bertahun-tahun, tidak keberatan membunuh orang-orangnya sendiri… hanya demi dirinya … Untuk ke sekian kalinya, Rama merasa kewarasannya perlahan menipis lagi. Dan dengan cepat ia memikirkan hal lain untuk mengalihkan perhatiannya. … Rama terbangun dan memandang langit yang sudah gelap di jendelanya. Dari sudut matanya, Ia bisa melihat cahaya lampu belajar yang menyala dan sesosok siluet yang tengah duduk memunggunginya. Andi, abangnya, tengah mengerjakan PR seraya bersenandung pelan. Rama melirik jam di dinding, terbengong beberapa saat karena Ia belum sepenuhnya sadar, sampai akhirnya suara senandung abangnya menyadarkannya. Rasanya… Ia pernah mendengar nada lagu itu. \"Itu lagu apa, bang?\" Tanya Rama di tengah keheningan, nyaris membuat Andi mencoret PR-nya. \"Loh… gue kirain lo tidur. Kebangun gara-gara gue, ya?\" Tanya Andi, memutar badan ke Rama untuk membuktikan bahwa Ia tidak berhalusinasi. \"Nggak. Udah dari tadi kok.\" Ujar Rama bohong. Andi menggaruk belakang kepalanya, kemudian melirik langit-langit. Mencoba mengingat sesuatu. \"Hmm… gue juga agak-agak lupa sih, itu lagu apa…\" gumamnya. Kemudian Ia menoleh lagi ke arah Rama, yang sudah terduduk di tempat tidurnya, menunggu jawaban. \"Tapi, nadanya familiar, ya…? Kayak… pernah denger…. Tapi, kapan ya…\" Tambahnya. Rama mengangguk, dan turut mencoba untuk mengingat dimana kira-kira Ia pernah mendengar lagu tersebut. Dan beberapa saat kemudian, Rama sontak menyanyikan lagu itu dengan lirik yang refleks keluar begitu saja dari kepalanya. \" Starry… starry night …\" Mendengar hal tersebut, Andi langsung tersenyum lebar dan turut bernyanyi dengan Rama. \"… Paint your palette blue and gray. Look out on the summer's day, With eyes that know the darkness In my soul …\" Rama menyengir ketika Andi terus bernyanyi dengan bahasa Inggris yang terdengar lebih fasih dari dirinya, dan kembali sibuk dengan PR-nya. Tapi Ia juga tidak berhenti bernyanyi. Malah Ia kembali merebahkan tubuhnya ke kasur dan menyanyikan lirik selanjutnya. \" Now I Understand… What you tried to say… to me …\" … Suara angin sayup-sayup terdengar di telinga Rama, menggiring nyanyian yang entah sejak kapan Ia senandungkan itu ketika kesadarannya sudah kembali ke realita. Ia membuka mata, berharap bisa melihat langit penuh bintang di hadapannya. Tapi yang Ia dapati hanyalah Bulan sabit dan sebuah bintang kecil yang ada. Lalu, diam-diam Ia bersyukur. Melihat pemandangan ini lebih baik daripada harapannya tadi. Karena Ia baru saja berhasil keluar dari ingatan masa lalunya yang sepele dengan Andi, dan Ia tidak ingin melambungkan harapannya semakin jauh. \" Now I Understand… What you tried to say to me … How you suffered for your Sanity. How you tried to set them Free. They would not listen, They did not know how… \" Ia bisa mendengar suara Andi turut bernyanyi bersamanya. Menggema dari telinganya, dan meracuni pikirannya. Mengalir dalam darahnya, dan menghimpit paru-parunya. Ia tidak bisa bernapas. Ia tenggelam dalam perasaan yang selama ini Ia tahan sejak dulu. Sejak pertengkaran terakhir Abangnya itu, dengan Bapak mereka. … Seharusnya, malam itu ia bisa pulang kerumahnya dengan bangga—dan memamerkan piala yang baru saja ia bawa pulang, dari kejuaraan silat yang selama ini meyiksanya secara fisik dan mental. Seharusnya, akan ada perayaan kecil-kecilan yang ia harapkan setelah menerima lebam-lebam di sekujur tubuhnya. Karena selama sepekan ia tidak di perbolehkan untuk bertemu dengan siapapun—ia di karantina. Tapi malam itu, ketika ia baru saja melangkah dan membuka pintu, terdengar suara-suara ribut dari dalam—suara teriak-teriakan. \"…PAK, SAYA UDAH BEBAS DARI TUDUHAN. Bapak juga jadi sanksi, kan, di persidangan?!\" Rama bergeming di tempat. Itu adalah suara Andi, kakaknya. \"Oh… atau, EMANG maunya BAPAK UNTUK ANDI MASUK PENJARA AJA, DAN BUKANNYA DI D-O DARI SEKOLAH? IYA, PAK?!\" \"CUKUP. Dasar kamu nggak tau diri! Kamu… KAMU NGGAK SADAR JUGA? KAMU UDAH BIKIN MARTABAT BAPAK JATOH, DI INJEK-INJEK. Kamu udah mencoreng keluarga ini, Andi!\" \"OH, YA. TENTU. Emang cuma ITU yang ada di pikiran bapak. Tapi, asal bapak tau aja, ya… Bapak sendiri aja NGGAK PERNAH SADAR, BAPAK NGGAK PERNAH MIKIRIN PERASAAN SAYA—\" Terdengar suara tepukan keras—sepertinya sebuah tamparan. \"Lucu, Andi… ngedenger itu dari mulut ANAK EGOIS kayak KAMU. APA KAMU LUPA, KALO GARA-GARA KAMU… IBU MU ITU NGGAK SELAMAT—\" Karena tidak tahan mendengarnya lebih lama lagi, dengan cepat Rama membuka pintu, dan sontak itu membuat Bapaknya—yang wajahnya sudah merah padam, langsung menoleh ke arahnya. Tapi pandangan Rama tertuju pada Andi yang tidak mau menatapnya sama sekali, dan tengah memegangi pipi kanannya. \"Udah berapa kali...\" Rama akhirnya bersuara, walau lebih terdengar seperti sebuah bisikan karena ia merasa tenggorokannya seperti tercekik. \"Udah berapa RATUS KALI, PAK, SAYA HARUS BILANG KALO ITU SAMA SEKALI BUKAN SALAH ANDI—\" \"LO NGGAK USAH IKUT CAMPUR, RAM.\" Rama tersentak kaget mendengar Andi berteriak memotong ucapannya. Tapi ia tidak mundur. \"BIARIN SI TUA BANGKA INI… ngomong sesukanya… tentang gue.\" Kali ini Andi sudah berani menatapnya, dan matanya berkaca-kaca karena emosi yang meluap-luap. Perasaan Rama langsung hancur perlahan ketika melihatnya. Sang orangtua sudah mengangkat tangannya, bersiap untuk mendaratkan satu tamparan lagi ke wajah Andi—namun dengan cepat, Andi menangkisnya dan memeganginya dengan erat. \" Elo …\" lirih Andi—yang penuh kebencian menatap sosok di hadapannya itu. Air mata yang sudah tidak terbendung lagi, mengalir dengan mulus di pipinya. \" Hanya ELO… satu-satunya orang yang udah bikin MALU keluarga ini—\" Rama yang melihat Andi sudah pada batas limitnya, langsung menyeret kedua kakinya yang terasa kebas beberapa saat yang lalu, untuk mencegah hal terburuk yang bisa dilakukan abangnya jika sudah melewati batas. \"Apa lo nggak inget? Setelah ibu meninggal, lo NGGAK PERNAH ngerawat kita. Malah LO berniat ngeakhirin hidup lo, memutuskan untuk ninggalin GUE dan RAMA. KITA ITU TITIPAN ISTRI LO! Darah IBU MASIH ADA DI KITA!\" Serunya lagi Andi tertawa getir untuk sesaat ketika wajah merah bapaknya berubah menjadi pucat. Senang rasanya bisa membuat takut seseorang … Senang rasanya bisa menghancurkan perasaan seseorang, yang selama ini selalu ngehancurin perasaan kita … \"Elo GAGAL jadi kepala keluarga. Seluruh hidup lo… cuma KEGAGALAN BESAR! \" Tangan Andi yang bebas—terkepal keras, dan terayun dengan cepat ke wajah bapaknya. Tapi Rama tepat waktu. Ia berhasil menangkap tinju kakaknya, dan dengan cepat ia mendorong Andi hingga tumbang ke lantai. Lalu, ia mengunci pergerakan kaki dan tanganya. Andi yang terkejut dengan gerakan tiba-tiba adiknya itu, langsung menatap Rama marah. Ia tidak terima. Ia belum selesai . Tapi, yang ia dapati di mata bulat adik kesayangannya itu, membuatnya terdiam—Rama menangis. Air matanya jatuh menetes ke pipi Andi, memadamkan api amarah yang ada di tubuhnya. \"Ibu meninggal… sama sekali bukan gara-gara lo, ndi. Inget itu,\" lirih Rama, berusaha menjaga suaranya untuk tetap stabil—karena ada bapaknya di situ. Tapi ia tidak bisa. Andi tidak berkutik, bahkan sampai Rama melepasnya dan bangkit untuk menghadapi Bapak mereka, ia tetap diam tidak berdaya. Tapi, beberapa detik kemudian, Andi kembali sadar. Dan ia langsung bangkit, kemudianberlari pergi keluar rumah. Rama yang saat itu lengah karena berdebat dengan bapaknya, langsung menyusulnya. Tapi ketika kakinya membawanya keluar rumah, yang di lihatnya adalah Andi memasuki sebuah mobil asing dengan suka rela, dan mobil itu melaju meninggalkan Rama yang perlahan tertinggal jauh di belakang. Itu adalah terakhir kalinya Rama melihat Kakaknya itu. … Tahun demi tahun berlalu. Dan Andi tidak pernah memunculkan batang hidungnya lagi setelah kejadian malam itu. Tidak ada yang tahu keberadaannya. Rama di pindahkan sekolahnya untuk menghindari pertanyaan-pertanyaan tentang Andi . Kemana murid cemerlang itu? Apa yang terjadi padanya? Dan seirin dengan tahun-tahun yang berlalu itu, Rama yang masih memiliki keyakinan bahwa kakaknya itu akan kembali, mencari tahu keberadaannya kemana-mana di waktu senggangnya; sepulang sekolah, hari libur, dan hari-hari kosong lainnya. Kegiatan kecil itu juga lah yang membuatnya bertemu dengan Isa, istrinya sekarang. Tahun-tahun yang ia lalui untuk mencari Andi, perlahan berubah menjadi tahun-tahun ia membina hubungannya dengan Isa. Tapi, informasi tentang keberadaan Andi yang ia kumpulkan sedikit demi sedikit sedari dulu, membuatnya tidak lupa dengan kakaknya itu. Bahwa sebenarnya, saat itu Andi di jebak seseorang untuk membawa tas penuh narkoba yang sudah di tukar. Dia nyaris masuk penjara kalau saja salah satu om-nya yang seorang pengacara handal tidak kasihan terhadapnya. Lagi pula, dia kan hanya korban yang terjebak dan di fitnah oleh orang yang tidak diketahui identitas dan keberadaannya. Tapi, sayangnya… kejadian itu sudah membuat namanya—dan keluarganya, tidak bisa di lupakan oleh orang-orang yang mengetahui hal tersebut. Hal itu tentu membuat bapak mereka merasa malu. Dan Bapaknya—yang ternyata masih belum bisa menerima kesalahan Andi dulu, di tambah malu luar biasa yang di tanggungnya saat itu, memicu ledakan fatal. Lalu… setelah kepergian Andi dengan mobil asing itu… Muncul berita penyerangan besar-besaran oleh beberapa siswa sekolah, melawan segerombol geng preman terbesar di Jakarta. Di antara tubuh-tubuh yang berkubang di darah mereka sendiri, ia melihat dengan jelas bahwa salah satu siswa sekolah yang mati itu, adalah salah satu teman dekat Andi. Tapi tidak ada jasad kakaknya di sana. Perlahan perasaan Rama yang awalnya lumpuh ketika melihat berita tersebut, langsung bangkit lagi. Dan sebuah harapan bergaung di pikirannya, bahwa kakaknya… masih hidup . Kemudian Rama kembali mencari informasi tentang kebenaran berita itu, dan yang ia dapatkan adalah— . . . \" Lo nggak tau Tama? \" Tanya salah seorang teman mahasiswa yang satu kampus dengan Rama—seorang anak kutu buku yang berandalan. \"Nah… kan, mulai deh gengnya…\" ujar temannya yang lain. Rama yang saat itu sibuk menyalin tugas milik teman sekelasnya hanya diam mendengarkan. \"Ih, dia bukan anggota geng gue! Gila… yang ada malah gue , kali, yang jadi anggotanya dia .\" Tangkisnya. Temannya yang lain langsung meledeknya, ada juga yang memutar mata karena tidak perduli dengan celotehannya. Tapi Rama masih memasang kuping untuk mendengarkan. \"Tama itu—\" ia mendekatkan tubuhnya ke lingkar dalam teman-temannya, dan memelankan suaranya seraya memeriksa sekeliling, \"—adalah induk semangnya bandit-bandit di Jakarta! Katanya… semua penjahat dari kelas teri sampe kakap atau gurame sekalipun, adalah rekrutannya dia!\" Semakin ia berbicara, semakin pelan nada yang ia buat. Tapi keheningan yang tegang di antara Rama dan teman-temannya, membuat pembicaraan 'rahasia' itu jadi terdengar seperti pengumuman yang bersuara, tersebar ke penjuru kampus. \"Hiiih, gue nyebut namanya ia aja, merinding! Lo merinding gak? Liat nih bulu-bulu gue berdiri semua,\" \"Yeee, emang si Tama itu udah mati? Sok merinding banget lo…\" \"Eh, ati-ati lo kalo ngomong! Kupingnya Tama tuh ada dimana-mana! Apalagi kalo sampe dua bodyguard -nya yang setia denger… si… siapa tuh namanya? Oh! Mad dog sama Andi!\" Untuk pertama kalinya, Rama mendongak dari buku tugasnya. \" Siapa? \" tanyanya cepat. \"Weh… kenapa lo tiba-tiba jadi tertarik gitu, Ram? Tugasnya udah selesai? Kalo gitu, giliran gue yang nyalin—\" \"Jawab gue dulu. Siapa sama… siapa, tadi?\" ulang Rama seraya mempertahankan buku-buku di tangannya agar tidak di ambil. \"Mad dog sama Andi! Itu nama panggilan mereka… kalo nama asli mereka, gue nggak tau… Kenapa emang? Eh, kalo tugasnya udah selesai—\" Setelah mendengar hal itu, dunia serasa terbungkam di telinga Rama. Ia tidak mendengar candaan dari temannya, juga tidak mendengar bahwa bel masuk pelajaran selanjutnya sudah berbunyi. Bila benar Andi yang di sebut temannya itu adalah kakaknya yang telah lama hilang… Tapi… dia bekerja sebagai… kaki-tangan seorang penjahat besar. Bukannya itu berarti… Rama menepis pemikiran selanjutnya. Ia yakin, kakaknya tidak sejahat itu… tidak. Atau… benarkah…? … Saat itu, hujan turun deras sebelum sempat Rama dan Andi sampai di rumah. Dan itu membuat mereka harus berteduh untuk sementara waktu di bawah terpal kecil yang menempel di pinggiran dinding sebuah rumah kosong. Rama menoleh ke arah Andi yang berdiri di sebelahnya, dan melihatnya menggigil samar. Tubuhnya basah kuyup, akibat dari memberikan tas kedap-airnya kepada Rama saat berlarian mencari tempat teduh tadi. Kemudian pandangannya beralih ke tasnya sendiri yang sudah basah. Ia merasa tidak enak, tapi juga bingung harus berbuat apa. Tatapannya menerawang ke rintik-rintik air hujan yang berjatuhan dengan ributnya. Tapi ia langsung tersadar kembali ketika mendengar adanya teriakan seseorang, juga suara ramai-ramai lainnya—seperti suara segerombolan orang. Sontak ia mendongak dan memandang sekeliling, mencari sumber suara ramai-ramai itu. Andi juga turut mendengarkan dengan seksama. Hingga tak berapa lama kemudian, entah darimana, muncul seorang pemuda kurus dengan rambut lebat acak-acakan. Wajahnya dipenuhi luka lebam dan terlihat panik. Matanya yang penuh ketakutan sempat bertatapan dengan dua bersaudara yang tengah berteduh itu, sebelum akhirnya ia berlari di bawah hujan masuk ke sebuah gang kecil. Lalu, tak berapa saat setelahnya, muncul segerombol masa yang tampak bingung mencari arah, berhuru-hara seperti tengah berdebat kecil. Salah satu dari mereka—seorang pria gemuk yang tampak murka sekali, bertanya kepada Andi. \"Eh, bocah! Apa kalian ngeliat ada orang lewat sini, barusan? Dia cungkring, mukanya babak belur… rambutnya gimbal! Soalnya dia baru aja nyopet om! Ngeliat nggak? Cepet, jawab!\" Laki-laki itu berbicara seraya memegangi sebuah tas kerja besar di kepalanya, seolah itu bisa menahan air hujan mengenainya. Andi memandangnya dari atas sampai bawah sebelum akhirnya menjawab. \"Yang baru lewat sini, sih… kalo nggak salah…\" Andi mengusap-usap dagunya, tatapannya masih tertuju ke laki-laki gemuk di hadapannya. \"Oh! Orangnya cungkring, rambutnya keriting acak-acakan kayak kuntilanak gitu?\" seru Rama cepat, takut abangnya menjadi bulan-bulanan. Andi langsung menepuk dahinya keras, dan mencengkram lengan Rama untuk mencegahnya berkata lebih banyak, \"Oh… kalo yang itu, dia udah masuk ke gang kecil sana! Itu, tuh! Yang belok ke kiri.\" Mendengar penjelasan itu, Rama langsung mengikuti arah yang di tunjuk Andi—dan itu memang benar gang yang di masuki laki-laki tadi. Rama mengangguk yakin sebagai bentuk konfirmasi, dan orang-orang itu pun langsung mengikuti petunjuk Andi. Setelah di tinggal pergi oleh huru-hara tadi, Andi mendecak seraya melipat kedua tangannya di depan dadanya—menatap tajam ke arah Rama. \"…apa?\" Tanya Rama yang menyadari perubahan mood abangnya itu. \"Lo seharusnya diem aja tadi.\" Jawab Andi dingin. Rama langsung melemparkan tatapan heran. Tapi, ketika ia baru saja berniat untuk bersuara, Andi menyerobot dengan cepat. \"Dia mungkin emang baru nyopet orang… tapi, emang lo tau alesannya buat ngelakuin itu? Nggak, kan? Nggak ada yang tau.\" Rama terdiam dan melempar pandangannya ke tempat lain. Ia merasa bahwa menolong orang yang kecopetan adalah suatu tindakan yang salah, justru adalah hal yang paling salah. Hanya saja di sisi lain, Andi benar. Tidak ada yang tahu, kan, kalau orang tadi mencopet karena hobi atau karena tuntutan hidup? Tidak ada yang tahu… Tapi… mungkin, itu semua karena mereka hanyalah anak-anak? \"Tapi, ujung-ujungnya abang juga ngomong jujur, kan, akhirnya…\" balas Rama yang tiba-tiba merasa bingung. Ia menoleh ke arah Andi, meminta penjelasan. Andi tersenyum, \"Soalnya… dia udah dapetin cukup waktu untuk kabur dari kita yang bertele-tele tadi. Mungkin orang-orang tadi sempet ngeliat dia sekilas, tapi mereka bakal kesusahan nangkep dia di gang kecil yang banyak belokannya itu.\" \"Terus… kalo misalnya dia emang penjahat, gimana? Atau… perhitungan abang meleset, gitu…\" tuntut Rama keras kepala. Andi mengetuk-ngetuk pelipis kepalanya, membuat Rama mengernyit kesal karena mengerti akan maksudnya tersebut. \"Ram… itu di luar kehendak gue. Tapi yang pasti, gue mau lo inget ini baik-baik, tanem di otak lo...\" Suara Hujan mungkin memang bisa mengalahkan suara Andi, tapi perhatian Rama seluruhnya terpusat pada kakaknya itu. \"Kalo misalnya lo di kasih pilihan untuk berbuat hitam—menguntungkan tapi buruk buat lo, atau putih—terpuji tapi ngerugiin lo. Cari abu-abunya, alias jalan tengah. Kalo udah, tapi lo ngerasa nyesel… ya gausah ngeluh. Soalnya itu kan di luar kehendak lo, dan lo udah ngelakuin apa yang terbaik menurut lo.\" … Satu lagi memori masa lalu tentang Andi, yang membuat Rama tetap mempertahankan tekadnya untuk membawanya pulang. Gue udah sejauh ini, bukan untuk nyerah dan berenti gitu aja . Itulah prinsip yang Rama pegang teguh selama ini. Lagi pula, ia tidak hanya memikirkan Andi, ataupun Isa saja… Ia menyadari perubahan-perubahan yang terjadi pada diri bapaknya, setelah kejadian malam itu. Bapaknya jadi terlihat tidak punya semangat hidup lagi, dan itu membuat Rama sedih sekaligus diam-diam merasa senang… Bapaknya mungkin memang keras, tapi ia masihlah bapaknya dan Andi. Dan kini, ia benar-benar merasa kehilangan setelah kepergiaan anak sulungnya itu. Tapi… mungkin juga bapaknya merasa sedih karena ucapan Andi saat itu, berhasil menggoreskan luka yang cukup lebar dan dalam sehingga tidak bisa di hilangkan dari ingatan bapaknya? ... Di keheningan malam yang entah sejak kapan menjadi sangat sunyi itu, Rama menghela napas berat. Ia bangkit dengan hati-hati, meringis sekilas ketika merasakan ngilu dari bebepa sendi dan tulangnya yang belum sembuh. Perasaannya jadi lebih ringan dari sebelumnya. Dan dengan perlahan, ia kembali menyanyikan lagu 'Vincent'—lagu warisan ibunya. Seraya bersiap untuk pulang, Rama menyocokkan tiap bait dari tiap baris lirik lagu itu dengan memori-memorinya tentang Andi. \" Starry, starry night —\" Rama memandang hamparan langit di atas dan danau yang terbentang di hadapannya. Bayangan dari masa lalu kembali berlalu-lalang di benaknya. \"— Paint your palette blue, and grey —\" Terbayang wajah Andi yang tengah berdiri di sebelahnya sewaktu kecil dulu. Wajah serius khasnya ketika ia sedang memikirkan sesuatu yang mengganggu benaknya. \"— Look out on the summer's day —\" Kini, ia melihat Andi yang tertawa bersama teman-teman sepermainannya—teman-teman yang setia dengannya, hingga rela mati bertarung untuk harga diri Abangnya itu. \"— with eyes that know the darkness in my soul —\" Terngiang suara Andi, beriringan dengan suara mesin motor yang dinyalakan Rama. Suara Andi menanyakan pendapat tentang banyak hal kepada dirinya—membuat Rama harus menekan gas lebih dalam untuk membuatnya tetap sadar. \"— Shadows on the hills —\" Kini, bayangan berita tentang penyerbuan yang di lakukan Andi dengan teman-temannya melawan kelompok preman. Tubuh-tubuh tak bernyawa, dan simbahan darah. Lalu, bangunan terkutuk itu. \"— Sketch the trees and the daffodils —\" Rama melajukan motornya, perlahan meninggalkan tepat renungannya malam itu. Wajah Andi yang tersenyum bahagia menghantuinya di gelap malam, membuat kedua mata Rama jadi rabun untuk beberapa saat. \"— Catch the breeze and the winter chills —\" Rama menunduk sambil terus melaju motornya. Kaca helm motornya mulai berembun karena napasnya sendiri. \"— in color on the snowy linen land .\" Di atasnya, cahaya sang bulan perlahan redup, terselimuti awan. Mungkin mala mini adalah malam yang spesial baginya. Karena ia bisa dengan bebasnya mengenang kakaknya. Tapi, malam itu juga, perlahan Rama mulai nyaris melewati batasnya. Terlalu banyak darah yang ia tumpahkan. Dan beberapa dari nya tidak bisa hilang tercuci bersih dari kedua tangannya. \" Now I understand… What you tried to say to me .\" Ini dia … Rama semakin jelas mendengar suara Andi dengan gitarnya. Ia menambah kecepatan laju motornya, berharap suara benda itu bisa mengalahkan suara Andi. Untungnya saat itu sudah tengah malam, dan jalanan sepi… Atau… benarkah itu adalah sebuah keuntungan untuk Rama? \"— How you suffered for your sanity— —How you tried to set them free —\" Rama teringat malam dimana Andi di tampar bapaknya, dan ia pergi kabur dengan teman-temannya naik mobil… …untuk merebut kembali harga diri Andi. \"— They did not listen, They did not know how —\" Lalu… entah kenapa ia jadi teringat Eka… dan Uco. Apa mereka juga… sama seperti Andi? Eka, yang ia tidak ketahui identitas aslinya. Apalagi Uco , yang… nyaris persis seperti Andi. Hanya saja, tidak ada yang bisa menghentikannya ketika ia nekad membunuh bapaknya sendiri karena merasa harga dirinya terinjak-injak. \"— perhaps they'll listen… now .\" Sebuah suara seperti isak tangis lolos dari mulut Rama, seiring ia perlahan melepas gas dan melambatkan laju motornya. Ia nyaris membuat sebuah mobil menabraknya. Tapi ia tidak perduli. Rama berhenti di tepi jalan, melepas helmnya dan mengubur kepalanya di tangki bensin depan motornya dengan kedua tangannya. Mungkin gue udah gila sekarang … pikirnya. Tapi, tidak… ia masih bisa berpikir cukup jernih, seolah-olah otaknya menolak untuk menyerah dan shut down . Ia pun memutuskan untuk kembali mengobrak-abrik isi kepalanya, mencari memori lain untuk bisa mengalihkan perhatiannya. \"… for they could not… love you —\" Rama membuka kedua matanya, ketika ia teringat bagian lagu yang paling sering dinyanyikan oleh Andi, bersama dengannya. Namun bagian lagu itu selalu dinyanyikan keras-keras, dengan nada hiper yang di lebih-lebihkan. \"— But still your love was true! \" Andi memekikkan suara tertinggi yang ia bisa, sementara Rama sibuk terkikik seraya menutup kedua telinganya, namun ia melanjutkan. \"— and when no hope was left insight —\" Andi menimpali dengan keras, \" On that starry… starry… niiight! \" Terdengar suara langkah kaki dari tangga, yang mereka kenali bahwa itu adalah langkah kaki ibu mereka. Andi buru-buru meletakkan gitarnya, sementara Rama mematikan lampu dengan cepat. Sedetik kemudian, mereka sudah berada di tempat tidur masing-masing ketika sang ibu masuk ke kamar, berniat untuk memarahi mereka karena bukannya tidur malah teriak-teriakan malam-malam. Rama kembali ke kenyataan, dan sebuah senyuman tersungging sekilas di mulutnya. Lalu, ia memberanikan diri untuk melanjutkan lagu tersebut. \" You took your life as lovers often do —\" Hanya lirik yang satu ini, terdengar tidak pas dengan memori itu. Tapi Rama tetap melanjutkan, seiring dengan ia mengganti-ganti memori yang lain. \"— but I could have told you, Vincent —\" Di bagian ini, Andi akan mengubah-ubah lirik selanjutnya dengan seenaknya. Bahkan dengan nada-nada yang tidak nyambung sekalipun. Dari kalimat yang ia sengaja lambat-lambatkan, atau berlagak nge-rap. Namun kali ini, Rama akan menyanyikan lirik yang sebenarnya, bersamaan dengan meledaknya perasaan yang hanya dapat ia suarakan dalam hati, dalam diam. Bergaung di pikirannya dan mengikis kesadarannya. Gue lah yang sebenernya paling egois… gue selalu iri sama lo… Gue bahkan nggak bisa se-peka elo, kayak lo peka ke gue… Gue sayang sama lo. Gue kangen sama lo, Ndi. … \" Semua orang di sini hormat sama gue, Ram! Gue di hargain di sini. Semua orang tunduk sama gue.\" … \" Alasannya sama kayak elo yang nggak mau ngelepas seragam itu. Udah pas!\" ... \" Nggak semua orang yang lo kenal itu busuk, Ram…\" … Rama membuka mulutnya, menyanyikan bait terakhir yang ia nyanyikan, dan melanjutkan; \"… This world was never meant for one… as beautiful—as you .\" FIN. [Author's note] Pertama-tama; Mohon maafkan typo-typo yang ada. Dan mohon maaf atas keterlambatan update. Ada dua penghambat; pc yang error featuring site ffn yang suka error. Di produksi oleh wifi yang ngalar-ngidul. Sedap. Terus… AKHIRNYA SI KAMPRET KELAR JUGA. Sebenarnya ada beberapa \"kebenaran\" yang gue tutup-tutupi di sini. Terutama di bagian menceritakan tentang Andi. #asek Karena ff ini lebih mengutamakan point of view-nya Rama, jadi gue nggak bisa nyeritain tentang; Waktu yang dia—Andi—di jebak tentang narkoba-narkoba itu, dan dia kabur dari rumah... sebenernya dia emang ngajak temen-temennya buat nyari siapa yang berani-beraninya ngejebak dia. Dan mereka terlibat perkelahian—yang berujung maut bagi temen-temennya. Tapi si Andi, kan, selamat tuh, walau sekarat. Di saat-saat kritisnya yang lagi kebingungan, dia di pungut Tama... yang saat itu baru aja denger kalo gerombolan preman yang \"ceritanya\" punya perselisihan sama dia—Tama, di abisin sama sekelompok anak SMA. Sebagai tanda terima kasih karena sudah membuatnya jadi nggak usah repot-repot (blah) untuk ngebales dendamnya ke preman-preman itu. Tama menawarkan Andi untuk menjadi kaki tangannya, dengan iming-iming bisa jaminin keselamatan Andi dari polisi. dan, Ta-da! Silahkan nonton The Raid: Redemption, dan ikuti kisah-kisahnya sampai The Raid 2: Berandal. Sampe The Raid ke-3 nanti kalo perlu. ( Psstt, Pencopet yang di bantuin kabur sama Andi&Rama; waktu bocah—yang lagi hujan, \"ceritanya\" si Mad Dog waktu muda. #ahe ) JANGAN LUPA REVIEW. KARENA REVIEW ADALAH SEMACAM OKSIGEN BAGI PENULIS. OK? OK. ","Summary":" Malam ini Jakarta lagi dingin-dinginnya… atau mungkin gue kedinginangara-gara ngebut naik motor? Ng"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Masalah Andi","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10693880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Masalah Andi The Raid © Gareth Evans Warnings : Typo, incest, mxm, dll Andi dan Rama Rama terdiam dibangkunya, sesekali melirik ke arah jam dinding yang kini menunjukkan pukul sembilan malam. Tidak hanya jam, pintu rumahnya turut mendapatkan lirikan dari Rama. Sesekali dia bangkit dan berjalan mondar-mandir, menyibak tirai—memerhatikan keadaan luar rumahnya. Dia berharap seseorang yang sedang dia tunggu kunjung pulang. Rama merasakan kegelisahan yang luar biasa karena tak menemukan orang yang dia harapkan kembali pulang. Selain itu, Rama membutuhkan penjelasan pada seseorang yang sedang dia tunggu. Sudah seminggu seseorang itu atau Andi—abangnya tengah menghindar darinya. Dia tidak mengetahui alasan dibalik berubahnya sifat sang abang. Makanya Rama memutuskan untuk menunggu dan meminta penjelasan pada Andi. Baru saja Rama akan duduk, pintu digedor dengan keras. Buru-buru Rama membukanya. \"A-abang.\" Terkejut ketika Rama mendapati kondisi abangnya. \"Lo kenapa, bang?\" Bukannya menjawab pertanyaan Rama, Andi segera melewati Rama dan menghiraukannya. Andi membantingnya tasnya kasar dan segera duduk. Sedangkan Rama bergegas mengambil kotak obat setelah dia menutup pintu rumah dan menguncinya. \"Lo abis berantem, bang?\" tanya Rama yang kini bersama kotak obat. Rama mencoba untuk mengobati luka tangan Andi sebelum beralih ke wajah tampan Andi. Andi menepis tangan Rama. Dia tidak menjawab pertanyaan sang adik yang sedang mengkhawatirkan dirinya. \"Lo kenapa sih, bang?\" tanya Rama yang keheranan dengan sikap Andi yang menolak perhatian darinya. \"Lo marah sama gue, bang?\" Andi tidak bergeming atau bahkan untuk menatap wajah adiknya. \"Kalau gue emang punya salah sama lo, gue minta maaf bang. Gue gak suka kalau lo ngediemin gue. Gue jadi ngerasa kalau gue gak punya siapa-siapa.\" Ucap Rama seraya mencoba kembali mengobati luka Andi. Tidak ada penolakan ketika Rama kembali memegang tangan Andi dan mengobatinya. Andi menoleh ke Rama, menatap wajah Rama dengan tatapan sendu. \"Rama,\" suara Andi terdengar serak. \"Maafin gue.\" Kini sikap Andi mulai melunak, tidak seperti saat dia datang ke rumah. Rama menautkan alisnya. Bingung dengan permintaan maaf abangnya barusan. Memangnya Andi pernah punya salah sama dia. Setahu Rama, Andi tidak pernah berbuat salah atau membuat masalah dengannya. Yang terjadi, Andi selalu melindungi Rama setiap waktu. \"Lo ada masalah bang? Lo bisa cerita sama gue.\" Ujar Rama pada Andi. Rama berharap dengan dirinya berbicara seperti itu maka Andi tidak merasa bahwa Andi hanya sendirian di dunia ini. Andi menggeleng. \"Terus kenapa lo pake minta maaf segala sama gue?\" tanya Rama bingung. Andi menghela napas berat. Jika Andi sudah seperti itu maka Rama tahu bahwa Andi sedang dalam kondisi tidak baik-baik saja. \"Pokoknya gue minta maaf sama lo.\" \"Tapi bang—\" Andi menutup mulut Rama dengan tangan yang sedang diobati oleh Rama. \"Lo gak usah banyak ngomong, Ram. Gue Cuma mau minta maaf sama lo.\" Setelah itu Andi melepaskan tangannya dari mulut Rama. Rama butuh penjelasan sekarang. Tidak mungkin dia menunda lebih lama lagi jika melihat Andi yang bersikap aneh seperti sekarang. \"Gue bakal berhenti ngomong kalau lo gak ngasih tahu dengan segala sikap lo yang tiba-tiba berubah begitu aja. Emangnya gue gak nyadar kalau lo tiba-tiba ngindar dari gue. Gue nyadar dengan sikap aneh lo itu.\" Napas Rama menderu. Dia meluapkan kekesalannya pada Andi. \"Jelasin semuanya, bang.\" Andi bangkit dari tempat duduknya. Tidak Andi pedulikan Rama yang marah dan meminta penjelasannya. Dia tidak mungkin menjelaskan apa yang terjadi pada dirinya sekarang. Andi tidak mungkin memberitahukan Rama dengan yang terjadi pada dirinya. \"Terserah lo aja nanti juga lo capek sendiri.\" acuh dan dingin Andi menanggapi ucapan Rama. \"Abang!\" bentak Rama yang melihat Andi yang berlalu pergi seperti pengecut yang tidak berani menghadapi masalahnya. \"Lo pengecut, bang.\" Rama berusaha memanasi Andi, memprovokasinya. \"Kalau lo ada masalah ada baiknya dihadapin dengan baik-baik.\" Andi hanya tersenyum miris pada Rama. \"Terserah. Biarin kali ini gue jadi pengecut, Ram.\" Rama segera menyambar tangan Andi. \"Jangan kayak gini bang. Kalau lo ada masalah lebih baik cerita sama gue. Jangan sampai masalah yang lo hadapi jadi beban pikiran buat lo.\" Rama berusaha membuat Andi menceritakan masalah yang sedang terjadi. Rama tidak ingin Andi menanggung masalahnya sendiri. Andi melepaskan cengkraman tangan Rama dan menatap adik laki-lakinya itu. \"Kalau masalahnya ada di lo gimana? Lo masih bisa bantu gue?\" ucap Andi meremehkan. Rama terkejut dengan apa yang diucapkan Andi. \"Gue?\" Rama nunjuk dirinya. \"Masalahnya ada di gue?\" Rama mencoba memastikan. Pandangan Rama dan Andi saling beradu. Kedua tangan Andi bergerak ke pipi Rama, \"Ya, masalahnya ada di lo.\" Jawab Andi dengan mantap. \"Sampai-sampai gue nyadar kalau lo tuh sumber utama dari masalah-masalah gue selama seminggu ini. Gara-gara lo gue harus di hukum sama guru gue karena gue gak dengerin dia ngomong. Terus yang parah gue harus berantem sama orang lain gara-gara dia gak sengaja nabrak gue.\" Kemudian Andi melepaskan kedua tangannya dari Rama. Lagi dan lagi dia menghela napas frustasi. \"Lo itu masalahnya, Ram.\" \"Tapi kenapa, bang?\" Andi mengangkat kedua bahunya. \"Gue minta maaf kalau gue salah sama lo, bang. Jangan siksa diri sendiri karena gue menjadi sumber masalah buat lo. Gue bakal bantuin lo ngadepin semuanya.\" Andi maju selangkah dan membuat Rama mundur, tetapi hanya bergerak beberapa sentimeter sebelum Rama menabrak tembok yang berada di belakangnya. \"Lo gak mungkin bisa bantu gue, adikku sayang.\" Andi tersenyum. \"Mendingan lo tidur sana. Gue mau istirahat.\" Rama menolak perintah Andi, \"Gue gak mau sebelum lo cerita ke gue.\" \"Bodoh.\" Andi menepuk jidat Rama. Andi menatap ke dalam mata Rama. Dia kini memegang kedua pipi Rama. Sedetik kemudian bibir Andi menempel pada bibir Rama. \"Masalahnya gue sayang sama lo bukan sebagai adik.\" Andi berkata dan jantung Rama berusaha untuk tidak keluar dari tempatnya. \"Gue sayang lo kayak cowok ke cewek.\" Rama dengan apa yang terjadi barusan. Dia buru-buru tidak buru-buru mengambil tindakan. \"Sekarang karena lo udah tahu masalah gue. Apa yang bisa lo perbuat?\" Tantang Andi pada Rama. Rama meneteskan air matanya dan memeluk Andia. \"Maafin gue bang sampai ngebuat lo kayak gini.\" Rama memeluknya erat. Tidak ingin melepaskan Andi begitu saja. Beruntung kedua orang tua mereka sedang menginap di tempat lain. Kalau mereka menemukan Rama dan Andi seperti ini maka tidak tahu apa yang akan terjadi. Kemungkinan besar mereka akan diusir dari rumah. \"Gue minta maaf, bang.\" Andi menyentuh bibir Rama dengan jari-jarinya. \"Jangan minta maaf. Gue gak suka ngeliat lo kayak gini.\" Bibir Rama gemetar karena dia tak dapat menemukan kata-kata yang tepat. \"Maaf, bang.\" Rama terus mengulang permintaan maafnya pada Andi. Andi melepaskan pelukan Rama, menatap adiknya. Kedua tangan Rama bergerak mengusap cairan yang keluar dari mata Rama. Kemudian Andi menyambar kedua pundak adiknya. \"Jangan nangis. Seharusnya tadi gue gak ngelakuin kayak tadi kalau jadinya kayak gini. Ini malah bikin gue yang sakit.\" Andi mengakui perasaannya sekarang. \"Lo harus tenang.\" Kini kening mereka saling bersentuhan. Andi membiarkan Rama kehilangan kata-katanya. Rama masih terlihat begitu menyedihkan. Andi mengecup hidung Rama. Bibir merah Andi terus bergerak ke pipi adiknya, kemudian kembali turun ke bibir, sambil berbisik. \"Gue gak mau kehilangan lo karena itu menghindar dari lo seminggu ini. tapi yang terjadi malah kayak gini. Maaf ya, Ram. Gue sayang sama lo.\" \"Lebih baik kayak gini bang. Daripada lo harus menghindar dari gue.\" Bibir Andi menyapu dan menekan bibir Rama lagi. \"Gue sayang banget sama lo, Ram. Setelah ini gue harap lo bakal tetap jadi adik gue ya, Ram. Dan gue bakal berusaha menekan perasaan gue sama lo.\" Ucap Andi ketika melepaskan ciumannya pada Rama. \"Gue bakal bantu lo, bang. Jangan pernah berpikir kalau lo sendirian. Ini bakal jadi rahasia kita berdua.\" Andi gemas mendengar ucapan Rama barusan sehingga dia mengacak rambut hitam adiknya. \"Terima kasih, Ram. Malam ini gue tidur bareng lo ya.\" \"Eh?\" sedikit terkejut Rama mendengarnya. \"Tenang, gue gak bakal perkosa lo. Paling kalau gue perkosa yang ada lo malah ketagihan lagi.\" Andi tertawa jahil pada Rama. \"Sialan lo, bang. Lagian gue Cuma kaget. Biasanya lo paling sebel kalau tidur berdua.\" \"Kali ini beda. Pokoknya gue mau tidur bareng lo. Sekalian lo pijetin gue. Ternyata berantem itu bikin badan gue pegal-pegal.\" Andi berusaha untuk mencairkan suasana dan rupanya suasana yang beku itu telah mencair. Rama mengangguk. \"Iya, apa sih yang gak buat abang gue.\" Mereka berdua tertawa. Rama dan Andi kini menyadari apa yang sebenarnya terjadi di antara mereka berdua. Andi memang mencintai Rama namun dia berusaha untuk mengikis rasa cinta yang berlebihan itu. Beruntung Rama tidak membencinya. Ternyata kejujuran itu membawa berkah walaupun awalnya begitu menyakitkan, melihat Rama menangis. Kini dia tidak akan segan untuk berterus terang dengan apa yang terjadi dengannya pada Rama. Sedangkan Rama, dia beruntung karena mempunyai abang yang peduli padanya meskipun Andi mempunyai perasaan lebih padanya. Setidaknya dia tidak perlu khawatir dengan Andi mulai sekarang. Rama akan membantu Andi melewatinya masalah yang sedang dia hadapi. Kini Rama tahu bahwa Andi mencintainya sebagai seorang kekasih tetapi Rama tidak akan menghindar karena itu akan membuat permasalahan menjadi panjang dan membuat keretakan di antara mereka berdua. THE END ","Summary":" Masalah Andi The Raid © Gareth Evans Warnings : Typo, incest, mxm, dll Andi dan Rama Rama terdiam d"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"tiga","Author":"Mochiyo-sama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10277010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Andi menemukan pintunya diketuk pada jam dua belas malam. Sekilas dia takut, dikira ada maling yang mau malingin rumahnya, atau malah hantu cewek berambut panjang yang naksir dia dan ngajak kawin lari ke dunia lain. Tapi untungnya yang ngetuk Rama, bukan salah satu dari skenario buruk yang ia pikirkan. \"Kenapa, Ram?\" tanya Andi setengah ngantuk. Matanya dikucek-kucek hingga merah. \"Bang, aku tidur sama abang ya.\" kata Rama. Ah, kalo aja Rama bukan adiknya dan perempuan, itu percakapan bakal jadi ambigu. \"Kenapa? Di kolong lu ada hantu, Ram?\" \"Iiih bukan itu! Kamarku bocor! Abang gak mau benerin genteng sih!\" sergah Rama sewot, \"Pokonya aku mau tidur sini ya. Titik.\" Andi mengiyakan saja dan mempersilakan Rama masuk. Rama senang. Ia langsung lari sambil membawa bantal dan selimutnya dan lompat ke tempat tidur Andi. \"Bang! Aku tidur di pojok ya!\" \"Iya, iya, terserah.\" ujar Andi dengan nada malas. Ia naik ke tempat tidurnya dan menarik selimut, tapi tidak tidur. Ia malah nontonin Rama yang ribet beresin wilayah tidurnya. \"Liatin apa, Bang?\" \"Elu,\" jawab Andi singkat. \"Muka lu kayak cewek ya. Ga ada ganteng-gantengnya. Beda sama abang.\" \"IIIHHHH!\" Rama teriak protes, \"Gini-gini aku banyak yang naksir tahu! Ada anak tercantik sekelas namanya Isa sampai ngejar-ngejar aku!\" bela Rama. \"Masa sih? Gak percaya gua. Abis muka lu lebih ke manis sih.\" Rama memukul Andi dengan bantalnya berulang kali. Ah Rama, harusnya kamu salting aja biar kerasa humu! \"Udah sana tidur. Besok berangkat pagi. Kalo lu kesiangan nanti gak bisa ketemu Isa loh.\" suruh Andi. \"Ah Abang bisa aja!\" seru Rama malu-malu. \"Tapi bener 'kan?\" ujar Andi memastikan. Duh, adiknya ternyata sudah besar ya. \"Udah tidur tidur! Kesiangan beneran entar!\" \"Gak bakal lah,\" seru Rama, \"Kan ada Abang yang bakal bangunin aku.\" Andi mengusap kepala Rama lembut, \"Tapi gue gak selamanya bakal bangunin lu, Ram.\" \"Kenapa nggak?\" tanya Rama polos, \"Abang gak bakal kemana-mana 'kan? Abang bakal di samping Rama terus 'kan?\" Andi tidak menjawab. Ia menutup mata Rama dengan tangannya dan menyuruh Rama untuk tidur, tidak menjawab pertanyaan itu dalam waktu yang lama. Belakangan ini, Rama besar baru tahu kalau jawabannya adalah tidak. The Raid (c) Gareth Evans. Tidak ada keuntungan yang diambil selain kepuasan pribadi. possibly spoiler. ooc. bl. uco/rama. andi/rama. rama/isa. \"Yud, lu kenapa?\" Di sampingnya, ada muka Uco yang nge- zoom maksimal lantaran tengah menengok ke Rama dari kursi belakang mobil. Kalau ini ruang divisinya dulu, muka Uco pasti udah dia tonjok. Tapi berhubung Uco adalah atasannya dan dia sedang berada dalam misi rahasia, jadi niat itu diurungkan Rama. \"Tidak apa-apa.\" jawab Rama sekenanya. Tangannya memegang tali seatbelt erat-erat. \"Tidak apa-apa.\" \"Serius? Tadi lu sampai ngigo loh.\" Rama melontarkan pandangan 'gue-beneran-ngigo-emangnya-serius-lo' pada rekannya yang sedang menyetir, Eka. Namun alih-alih menjawab Eka malah terkekeh-kekeh. \"Lu mimpi 'paan sih, Yud? Mimbas?\" canda Uco. Rama membalasnya dengan sebuah tawa garing. Rama tidak mungkin bisa memberitahu alasan ia mengigau tadi. Soalnya alasannya itu mengenai salah satu dari 1001 alasan Rama menyetujui misi rahasia ini. Ia bermimpi soal Andi. Rama tahu dirinya cukup sentimental. Buktinya ia bisa awet dendam sama Bejo sampai dua tahun. Tapi Rama tidak pernah menyangka kalau ia terlalu sentimen sampai memimpikan Andi. Tentu ia amat merindukan abangnya - sangat. Dulu ada harapan bisa bertemu selama masih berada di naungan langit yang sama. Sekarang Andi sudah pergi jauh—jauh sekali sehingga Rama tak lagi bisa membujuknya untuk pulang. Tapi Rama memutuskan untuk merelakan Andi. Ia kini punya Isa dan anaknya. Andi hanyalah masa lalu. Masih ada Isa dan anaknya yang harus ia pertahankan agar tidak lepas lagi dari genggamannya seperti yang lebih tua. Tapi orang yang di sampingnya ini - Uco - seakan-akan menjadi pengingat Rama mengenai Andi. Memang, mereka berdua jauh sekali secara penampilan, tapi ada sesuati dari diri Uco yang selalu mengingatkan Rama pada Andi. Sifatnya mungkin? Mereka sama-sama egois (in one way and another) , sama-sama kekanak-kanakan (yang satu kabur dari rumah karena ngambek sama bapaknya, yang satu nggak kabur sih dari rumah tapi ngambekan juga sama bapaknya), sama-sama bekerja di dunia belakang, sama-sama ganteng, dan juga sama-sama laki-laki (yang terakhir gak penting sih). \"Lu ada masalah apa sih? Sini cerita sama gua.\" Uco di mata Rama hanyalah sebuah ... sebuah batu loncatan dalam misinya. Jika ia mau mendekati Bejo, maka dekatilah Uco terlebih dahulu – seperti yang dipesankan oleh Bunawar. Maka dari itu Rama harus tahan dengan segala ocehan, tatapan, sentuhan, dan segala tingkah Uco yang kadang di luar batas (seperti mencari perhatian). Ia harus tahan—misinya tidak boleh gagal atau ia akan merasa bersalah (karena tidak menyeret Andi waktu itu padahal jika ia memaksa mungkin akhirnya tidak perlu seperti ini) seumur hidup. Ia harus tahan, buat Isa dan anaknya juga. Anggap saja ini latihan kesabaran. Anggapsajainikakaknya — Tapi Rama tidak bisa. Rama mulai menikmati segala bentuk kasih sayang yang dicurahkan Uco padanya. Rama sadar, Uco mencintainya dengan tulus sepenuh hati. Mungkin ia juga— Mungkin ia juga bisa mulai untuk mencintai Uco balik. Bukan sebagai pengganti Andi. \"Yud?\" \"Sori, Cok, tapi gue ga bisa cerita soal ini.\" kata Rama pelan. Wajahnya mengerut dan dipaksa untuk senyum. \"Gue baik-baik aja. Makasih ya.\" \"'Serah lu deh.\" Uco angkat bahu. \"Tapi kalo ada apa-apa bilang aja sama gua. Gua bakal selalu ada buat lu.\" Hah. Rama ingin sekali percaya pada kalimat klise itu. Tapi orang terakhir yang janji begitu pergi tanpa kabar selama enam tahun dan pulang dengan kepala yang sudah ditembus peluru. Namun Rama berusaha untuk membuka hatinya dan percaya. Uco tidak perlu mati. Mungkin ia bisa melindungi Uco sampai misi ini selesai dan habis itu ia akan hidup bahagia dengan orang pilihan hatinya. Mereka akan pergi jauh dari dunia belakang dan hidup tenang. Hidup di mana Uco tak perlu khawatir soal mengambil alih kekuasaan, dan hidup di mana Rama bebas dari segala masa lalunya yang begitu menyakitkan. Hidup di mana Uco akan berkata \"aku pulang\" di rumah kecil mereka dan Rama (Yudha - Rama belum memutuskan untuk membeberkan identitasnya atau tidak) akan berkata \"selamat datang\" dan mendekap Uco dengan penuh cinta. Harusnya seperti itu. Mimpi Rama terpaksa harus tetap menjadi mimpi, karena ia mendekap Uco bukan dengan penuh cinta, tapi dengan karambit. Uco sekarat, di tangannya, dan hati Rama ikut mati bersamanya. \"Gua tahu semuanya, Yud,\" bisik Uco, \"Nama asli lu Rama. Lu polisi. Dan lu deketin gua cuma biar bisa balesin dendam kakak lo ke Bejo.\" Rama memperdalam tusukannya agar Uco bungkam (dan membuatnya tidak merasa bersalah lebih dari ini). \"Jadi gua pada akhirnya cuma alat.\" tusuktusuktusuk \"Tapi gak apa-apa,\" Uco batuk darah. Pandangannya semakin buyar. \"Soalnya gua cinta lu, Yud.\" diamdiamdiamjanganbicaralagikumohon \"Gua ngantuk,\" Uco menitikkan air mata. Napasnya semakin tersengal-sengal. \"Gua duluan ya.\" Diam. \"... Co?\" Tidak ada lagi deru napas yang menggelitik lehernya. Tidak ada lagi detak jantung yang berirama dengannya. Rama membuang karambitnya ke sembarang tempat. Kemudian ia merebahkan tubuh Uco yang dingin di lantai. Puas mengeluarkan segala sentimen-sentimennya, Rama meninggalkan gedung itu dengan langkah gontai. Dapur rusuh sekali. Isa sibuk mematikan kompor dan segala-yang-perlu-dimatikan lantaran tamu yang mengunjungi rumahnya seperti orang yang tidak sabaran, karena dia sudah menekan bel rumahnya berkali-kali. Padahal ia sudah menyuruh anaknya untuk membukakan pintu, tapi yang disuruh malah sibuk main gundam di kamarnya. Ya sudahlah, biar ia buka sendiri. Dia ikhlas kok. \"Iya cari sia—Mas Rama?\" Rama langsung memeluk Isa. Tadinya Isa ingin protes karena Rama bau keringat, tapi tidak jadi karena Rama terlihat berantakan (lahir batin) dan seperti ingin menangis. \"Mas?\" \"Sayang,\" Rama berbisik lembut, \"Jangan tinggalkan aku, oke?\" Isa mengerjap. Bingung. \"Janji saja. Tolong. Ya?\" Rama capek. Rama capek diberi harapan palsu oleh janji-janji manis itu. Tapi sekali lagi saja, \"Iya, Mas,\" balas Isa, \"Aku janji akan selalu di samping Mas.\" Untuk yang terakhir kalinya, ia ingin percaya. \"Kamu tidak bohong 'kan?\" \"Ya nggak dong, Mas! Emangnya aku pernah bohong sama kamu. Emangnya ada apa sih? Kok tiba-tiba?\" [\"Masih mau lagi?\" \"Enggak, cukup.\"] \"Nggak apa-apa. Maaf udah buat khawatir. Yuk masuk, aku mau lihat anak kita.\" Kali ini, perasaannya mengatakan bahwa semua akan baik-baik saja. \"Yuk. Kamu pasti lapar juga 'kan?\" \"Hehehe, tahu aja.\" \"Kebetulan aku masak semur ayam. Ada kerupuk kulit juga, kesukaan kamu 'kan?\" \"Ke-kerupuknya nggak!\" Ia akan menjaga mereka. Dan kali ini ia tidak akan gagal. Tidak seperti dua lainnya. — FIN A/N: part andi sama uco harusnya ngga bl, terus kenapa jadi kayak gini ... ah udahlah. saatnya bikin crack. ","Summary":" Andi menemukan pintunya diketuk pada jam dua belas malam. Sekilas dia takut, dikira ada maling yang"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Surviving","Author":"Harta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10292951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Author's note] Nope. Nope. Nope. I refuse to believe that Eka died at the end of the movie! :\") I've been a huge fan of Oka Antara and Kazuki Kitamura ever since first seeing them in Killers. They really were a dynamic duo. So when I read that they were going to star together again in Berandal (both playing as right-hand men of their respective mafia families), I was really really excited. I thought it'd also be interesting to explore the relationship between Eka and Uco, and Ryuichi and Keichi. So I go. How Eka survived after the car chase! :D This story is dedicated to my friend Saga~ (a little message to Saga, and also to my friends who read my Killers/Berandal crossover...sorry I reused the ending dialogue from that story :\") It fit them so well here too.) Surviving The sky above him was a pale blue. The buildings around him were a shiny gray. And the ground beneath him was splattered with a crimson red. Eka shut his eyes, willing the pain to go away. He was losing so much blood. He remembered looking at himself in the rear view mirror in the car, and seeing how deathly pale his face was. I'm going to die , were Eka's thoughts. The fact was inevitable. The wound in his leg was bleeding endlessly. He was lying on his side on a chunk of ruins from an old building. He wouldn't last another hour. Hour...how many hours had passed since Yuda left him? Eka couln't even tell. It could have been an hour. It could have been more. It could have easily been measly minutes. Time was drawn out as he slowly bled to death. His mind was reeling, playing back the events that led to the one happening now. Uco and Bangun yelling at each other. Bangun slapping Uco and finally hitting his son so hard that he fell. And Uco. Uco apologizing before shooting his own father in the head. And before shooting Eka himself. Eka tried to hold them back, but he felt the tears start to blur his vision. Damnit, Uco, how could you? Although Eka himself may not have been completely honest on his identity in the Bangun family, but he would have thought twice on shooting a person who he'd known as a companion for years. A companion. Even in the twisted and messed-up world of the mafia, a person yearned for company. And with that company came a bond. A friendship, perhaps. But it was all shattered in a second when the bullet pierced his leg. And then there was the car case. Eka finally retrieving Yuda. Eka revealing his true identity. Yuda leaving him. Eka tried not to let it hurt. He couldn't blame Yuda. He knew Yuda's true story. He knew. But as Eka stared up at the pale, pale sky, he wondered if it all really was okay. At least he managed to tell Yuda the truth about his true identity. Even if it was at the very last moment. I'm going to die. It was inevitable. I'm going to die very, very soon. He hunched over, looking at his injured leg. He watched the blood trickle out of the wound. He had wrapped a cloth around it to stop the bleeding, but it was bled through and useless. His vision was completely blurred and darkening. Not only because of the tears, but also because he was losing consciousness. Or he was truly and finally slipping away. I'm dying. He closed his eyes. He didn't want to see the world disintegrate around him. I am ready. Or was he? He tried to ignore the little voice in the back of his mind. He didn't want to have any doubts. He chose this. He didn't want to let the little voice tell him that he wasn't ready. That he had things he wanted to get done. Things he wanted to do. He didn't want any dull horror flooding his thoughts, telling him that he didn't want to die. I'm dying. Dying. Eka didn't hear the sound of tires on gravel, coming closer to him. Dying. Nor did he hear the sound of a car door being opened. Dying. He didn't even hear the footsteps approaching. Dying... \"Eka-san.\" A voice. Right next to his ear. Eka's eyes flew open. The world was a blurry mess. He couldn't see a thing. He blinked several times. There was a movement above him. It took his eyes a couple seconds to adjust. Finally his vision focused on the face of a Japanese man, who was kneeling down next to him. \"Eka-san, are you all right?\" Eka knew that face. He opened his mouth, trying his best to form words. \"Ryu...Ryuichi-san...\" It was Ryuichi, Goto's right-hand man. Out of all places, he ended up here. Ryuichi smiled. \"So you're still alive.\" \"Wh-Why...?\" \"Why am I here?\" The Japanese man let out a chuckle. \"So I could save you, of course.\" Eka didn't know what to say. His head was so dizzy. He wondered if he was hallucinating. He didn't say a word as Ryuichi pulled out a knife. If Eka was still up and well, he would have jumped into defensive mode and slapped the weapon away from the other man's hand. But of course, he was on the doors of death and could barely move. After removing the soaked-up cloth that the Indonesian applied to stop the bleeding, Ryuichi used the knife to cut away the bits of Eka's pants where the bullet hit. Eka could only stay as limp as a fish. \"It's pretty bad,\" Ryuichi murmured under his breath as he inspected the bullet wound. \"Obviously,\" Eka managed to breathe out. Ryuichi laughed. A small laugh to lighten the mood. Then he turned serious again. \"Eka-san, there are still fragments of the bullet in your leg.\" \"I took out the biggest piece that I could,\" Eka answered, using up his last energy just to reply. Ryuichi tore his eyes away from the blood to look at the man in front of him. They locked eyes. Then he spoke slowly. \"I'm going to need to take out all the fragments before I clean out the wound.\" Eka could only nod weakly. He gritted his teeth and closed his eyes, preparing himself for the pain. Still, a scream escaped his mouth as the last of the bullet fragments were removed, and he found himself gripping onto the Japanese man's shoulder for support. Then the wound was cleaned and patched up. Ryuichi crushed some painkillers and helped Eka take them. \"Are you ready to go?\" Ryuichi asked. \"Go...Go where?\" \"Safehouse.\" Ryuichi smiled. \"You'll stay there until everything is over. I have a friend there ready to give you the rest of the medical treatment.\" \"H-How about you?\" \"I'm simply waiting for Keichi-san's orders.\" There was a silence. Ryuichi continued, \"Keichi-san and I are going to Bejo's place. Try to find Uco-san too.\" \"Yuda—\" Eka started. Ryuichi nodded. \"Yuda-san too.\" Another silence. Finally Eka said it: \"Why are you saving me?\" To the Indonesian man's surprise, instead of a reply, he felt himself leave the ground as Ryuichi picked him up and began carrying him to the car. \"Wa-Wait—\" Eka felt small and pathetic in the Japanese man's arms. What would Bangun say if he saw him like this? Even if Bangun was gone— \"Stop—Put me down—\" \"You can't walk, or the wound might open again,\" Ryuichi said firmly. He looked ahead. \"Stay still. Or I'll drop you.\" Eka stayed still. After opening the car door, Ryuichi gently lay Eka down on the seats in the back. After making sure the leg injury was tightly wrapped and devoid of bleeding, Ryuichi got into the driver's seat and turned on the engine. How does it feel to prepare yourself to embrace death...and escaping it? Eka tried to put his thoughts together. How does it feel to survive like this? \"Ryu...\" How does it feel? \"Ryuichi-san.\" Ryuichi blinked as he turned around in his seat to look at Eka. And Eka was looking at him. \"How,\" Eka began, the words tumbling out, \"how would you feel if Keichi-san shot you...Like Uco shot me?\" Ryuichi stared at him. \"To be hurt by the person closest to you?\" More staring. \"—by the person that trusted you—who depended on you—who you protected and looked after for years and...\" Eka couldn't continue. It hurt too much. He swallowed, trying not to let his emotions take control. Ryuichi was silent the whole time. What the hell is wrong with me? Eka thought. Why am I confiding in this man? Why am I telling him everything? This is embarrassing. I need to come up with an excuse— \"I would feel the same way as you do now,\" Ryuichi said calmly, interrupting his thoughts. Now it was Eka's turn to stare. \"Years I've worked for Keichi-san. Till I feel like I recognize his movements and the way he thinks. But...\" Ryuichi shook his head. \"I don't understand him completely. Not yet.\" Eka said nothing. \"If he were to suddenly shoot me...I would feel the same way you do. Hurt. Betrayed. But Eka-san, you need to understand this...If Uco-san really wanted to kill you...wouldn't he have shot you in the head? But instead, he shot you in the leg.\" Eka's eyes widened. \"Hesitance.\" Ryuichi's expression softened. \"Uco-san was hesitant in hurting you.\" Hesitance. \"He still cared for you,\" Ryuichi finished. Eka was silent as he let the word wash over him, relief slowly flooding his body. He had no idea how much he needed to hear that. Perhaps not all was lost. Ryuichi pulled on a smile. \"As for your question earlier. Why am I saving you? Because I am the peacemaker here in Indonesia. Simple as that.\" And he turned around in his seat again, looking out of the window. Grabbing onto the wheel, he released the breaks. Eka mustered up his strength to say steadily and clearly: \"Arigatou.\" And there was just a short silence before Ryuichi caught his eye in the rearview mirror. His smile grew as he said, \"Sama-sama.\" end [translations] \"arigatou\" - \"thank you\" in Japanese \"sama-sama\" - \"you're welcome\" in Indonesian Gareth Evans himself said that Ryuichi is the peacemaker in Indonesia :D This story can also be found on AO3, under the same name :) ","Summary":" [Author's note] Nope. Nope. Nope. I refuse to believe that Eka died at the end of the movie! :\") I"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"One and Only Wish","Author":"Cofinno","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10306868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ' Within the difficulty of accomplishing my one and only wish, I Want to show you that I'll protect you to the end, for something irreplaceable, it's a promise that I want to fulfill' . . The Raid: Berandal's Fanfiction One and Only Wish © Pensil Awesome Inspirated from 'Tatta Hitotsu no Omoi' by KOKIA (Gunslinger Girl -Il Teatrino- OP) Disclaimer: The Raid © Merantau Films Tatta Hitotsu no Omoi © KOKIA Warning: Plotless, typos, Maybe lot of OOC-ness, contain of Boys love hits, Uco's POV, etc . . Yudha, berasal dari kampung dan dinyatakan tak pernah berurusan dengan dunia belakang. Dua informasi yang dikatakan oleh Eka saat aku meminta informasi tentang seorang tahanan yang cukup terkenal di areal penjara itu. Awalnya aku hanya tertarik pada kemampuannya belaka, awalnya aku hanya berharap jika ia dapat kurekrut dan ia akan membawa berbagai keuntungan bagiku. Awalnya seperti itu… Namun, aku mulai tersadar ketika sebuah insiden di penjara, ia tak sengaja menyelamatkanku. Padahal, awalnya ia menolak tawaranku untuk bergabung dengan kelompok—namun ia menjauhkanku dari bahaya—walau secara tak langsung. Dan pasca insiden tersebut kami mulai menjalin hubungan baik, bahkan hingga ia keluar dari penjara dua tahun kemudian. . . Dalam waktu dua tahun itulah aku mulai mengenal Yudha dari dekat, aku mulai mengenal kepribadiannya serta mempelajari apapun tentangnya. Semakin lama aku menghabiskan waktuku dengannya, semakin besar juga perasaan asing ini tumbuh, perasaan terlarang namun tak kunjung berhenti menyerang—cinta. Dan karena perasaan inilah aku berusaha untuk memantau rama—walau aku telah bebas dari penjara sekalipun, memastikan ia mendapat pelindungan yang aman dalam penjara, memastikan ia dalam jangkauanku. Bahkan aku mengajaknya bergabung dalam kelompokku. Yah, aku rela melakukan apapun. . . ' Sunflowers bloom at the foot of the hill; the dazzling and spreading yellowness Illuminates the light of hope' . . Yudha bagaikan bunga matahari yang menyingkirkan kegelapannya dengan cahayanya, Yudha lah yang memberiku perasaan ingin melindungi, ia juga yang menuntunku perlahan untuk mempelajari cinta. Ia lah cahayaku yang sebenarnya. . . Waktu terus berjalan, dan inilah puncaknya… Pada saat malam itu, Yudha berhasil menyusulku di gedung itu. Mungkin untuk menghabisi Bejo, yang telah membunuh kakaknya. Ia kemari untuk membalaskan dendamnya. Saat itu aku sudah mengambil senjataku, dan menembakkannya kea rah Reza—Pria tua Bangka sialan dan Bejo. Dan aku berhasil melindungi Yudha sekaligus membalaskan dendamnya pada Bejo. Aku menembakkan peluru ke segala arah, sebisa mungkin menghindari lokasi dimana Yudha berada. Kemudian aku berjalan kea rah sofa, dan segera kupeluk Yudha erat. Mungkin setelah ini aku akan dibunuhnya. Akutelah mengetahui siapa Yudha sebenarnya. Dan aku hanya dibuat sebagai alat dan batu loncatannya untuk memenuhi tugasnya. Tak apa, akupun sudah siap. Dan dalam hitungan detik, sebuah belati menembus daerah perutku—mengenai beberapa organ vitalku. Aku mulai kehilangan kesadaran, dan tubuhku mulai kehilangan kendali. 'Tak apa aku dibunuh, janji dan harapanku sudah kupenuhi, sungguh tak apa.' Dan aku mulai menutup mataku, ditengah pelukannya. Dan penglihatanku mulai menggelap, perlahan jiwaku terlepas dari raganya. Aku meninggalkan dunia ini dengan janji yang telah kupenuhi. . . ' I have my happiness' . — FIN— . . Author Notes: Ini fanfict pertama saya disini lhooo /nangis haru/ Salam kenal buat penghuni fandom ini o/ Oke… saya tau pikiran saya random … tapi…. Gak ada plot yang lain apa selain angst dan bikin brokoro di otak saya huweeeee ;;; Dedicated for Mochiyo-sama ( babikukus), Agi ( yeoltitan), Haruka Kuze ( Minameow_) dan Tie19 ( Tie19). HAHAHAHAH NIH BUAT KALIAN NIH… SPESIAL LHOOO :D Gue masih baik hati gak ngasih tentang andi hahahaha :D /ditendang /diumpaninketitanterdekat Maaf ya kalo plotnya gak jelas gini ;; dan mungkin ini bias dimasukin ke AU ata AR hahaha… Sebenarnya ini juga bukan songfict, saya hanya terinspirasi dari beberapa lirik di lagu itu :D serius… Saya saranin bacanya sambil dengerin lagu ini deh, enak kok beneran XD Makasih buat temenku dan PV buatannya yang sumpah-keren-yaampun yang udah bikin daku suka sama lagu ini hahaha… /meski belom liat animenya haha/ Ah ya lirik yang saya cantumin itu versi englishnya kok ^^ Semoga Fic saya berkenan di hati kalian ya /fin . Last word, See you :D — Pensil Awesome ","Summary":" ' Within the difficulty of accomplishing my one and only wish, I Want to show you that I'll protect"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Distorted Tranquility","Author":"halfbreedprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10250950","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She remembers waking up to a foreign roof, in a foreign bed. She remembers the swelling fear from deep inside her when she realized that she's alone. She remembers hyperventilating because her brother is nowhere to be found. She remembers the way her heart leaped to her throat when she saw an unknown man walked into the room from the corner of her eyes. She remember keeping her still, pretending to be asleep, like she always do, hoping that it would save her from her father's wrath. She remembers the way the bed dipped when the man sat next to her, and for a split second she wanted to cry out in pure horror. She also remembers how the man reached out and softly stroked her hair, murmuring words that she cannot hear. She remembers how he tended to the wounds in her eyes with tenderness that she never thought she would receive from anyone but her brother. She remembers the way her body relaxed when he patted her head almost adoringly. But what she remembers the most is waking up once again after the man left, and seeing a tray of warm homemade food next to her bed. Please eat. Your brother will be home soon, don't worry. Bejo And she remembers, more than anything, the unfamiliar warmth that filled her inside. She has a home. Since that day I first met you I felt like I already knew you She used to hate the fact that she was born as a girl. She hated her frail body, or her lack of strength. She hated that she can't run as fast as her brother, and she hated how she can't even fend for herself. \"Swing your legs upward, and aim for between the legs with your knee.\" But then Bejo teaches her how to fight. He teached her how to utilized her lean figure and her agility, something that her brother did not possessed. He teaches her how to used her fragile appearance to her advantage. He teaches her how to overcome her fear and weakness. What she's most thankful of, though, is how Bejo teaches and let her repay what her brother had done for her all their life. She can protect him now. It was natural for me to be where you were But you've already chosen a different path Alicia knows the difference between deaf and mute. She also knows that, even though she can't hear it, she have perfectly functioning vocal chords. But she never used it. It's scary, because she can't hear it. She doesn't know how her voice sounded, she doesn't know what she's saying or whether or not her making sense. It's scary, because she remembers trying to talk when she was three years old, only to have her father throwing her across the room. She can't hear him, but she knows he's angry. Her voice made him angry, even more than he already is. It's a traumatizing experience for a three years old, and it's etched in her mind that her voice would do nothing good. Her brother has also given up on getting her to talk. She feels guilty, because she knew he would like to hear her call her name even if it's just for once. He always tell her it's okay, that he understands, and she would apologize over and over again. But it's never enough to urge her to actually try and talk. That is until she met Bejo. Why couldn't I call out to you at all? Every day and night growing emotions and words overflow He saved her life, more than once. She owed him more than she could ever hope to repay. He gave her a home, a life, a future. She wanted to call out to him, to properly thank him. But she can't. More than anything, she's afraid. What if he doesn't like her voice? What if her voice disgusts him, the way it did to her father? She could never life with that. So she kept her silence. But I realized that They'd never reach you again It is not a secret that Alicia despises physical contacts. Years of growing up in abusive household where the only touches she knew are those of violence did that to her. Even her brother respect her decision and keep their skinship to minimum. Naturally, Bejo also kept his distance from her. But during fights, physical contacts are unavoidable. Especially during life or death moments. She remembers, that one time, when Bejo grabs her hand to warned her of an upcoming blade. She remembers, that one time, when Bejo holds her hand as they ran for cover. She remembers, that one time, when Bejo slung his arms around her shoulder and made her duck. She remembers, that one time, when Bejo pulled her into his arms to protect her from a bullet. Always, it's all were nothing but a fleeting moment. An instinctive movement done to saved her life. It never lasted more than necessary. And always, it left those lingering sensation in her skin. It made her insides tingles, made her heart beats faster, and flushed her cheeks. And she realized, that somehow, she wanted those touches to last a little bit longer. Why didn't I hold on to your hand? You should've always been by my side Alicia has always been self-conscious about her appearance. It's not like she had that much of confidence to begin with, and it was all made worse by her deformed eyes. She hated it, hated seeing her reflection in the mirror and realizing just how ugly she is. That's why she almost never took of her shades, because it helped covering up her flawed figure (and maybe, just maybe, because the gesture reminded her of Bejo and the way he almost never took off his own shades). Somehow, though, she always feels more conscious than ever every time Bejo's around. It's because she doesn't want to embarrass him, she told herself. She can't afford people looking down on him because he had this horrid looking girl next to him. So she's careful, always careful, not to meet him without her shades or without putting on a presentable wardrobe. It worth his offhanded compliments about her looking nice, though. Honestly, she herself can't even remember when what Bejo thought about her started to matter that much. She can't remember when she started to pay more attention to him. She can't remember when she started to look at him as more than just a parental/big brother figure. She can't remember when exactly her hearts started acting up at the sight of him. She can't remember when she started to strive for his approval, for his praise. For his attention. But she does, and it somehow becomes an ingrained part of her. No matter how much time has passed No matter how much that would make me lonely Alicia used to hate men. Everyone but her brother. And yet, when it comes to Bejo, she feels something that is entirely different. But she knew that this infatuation would not go anywhere, so she keeps it to herself. Afterall, she's content with being his Hammer Girl, one of the assassins that he prided on. She's content with being one of the few people that he trusted with his life. Why did I end up falling for you? ","Summary":" She remembers waking up to a foreign roof, in a foreign bed. She remembers the swelling fear from d"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Retrospective","Author":"halfbreedprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10276729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I thought of angels choking on their halos Get them drunk on rose water There was a time when the two of them were the best of friends. He was new to everything, back then. Just a runaway kid from home, trying to survive in the street without much luck. And Bejo, he wasn't who he is now. He was also just a young boy, trying to make a name for himself out of his loathing for his family's status. \"You're not supposed to be here.\" He whips his head in alarm, but visibly relaxed when he realizes that he's facing someone his age. Although he must admit that there's something unnerving from his gaze, or the way he seems to see right through him. \"And what's that supposed to mean?\" he asks in a nonchalant manner, hoping that it'll cover his apparent lack of confidence. \"Those shoes are too expensive for someone from this area. So does the rest of your apparels.\" The boy's lips twitch, curving it up into an almost invisible smirk as he adds, \"And you don't even know who I am. So you must really be new.\" He tenses, not knowing what to do, or what to say. The boy's right. He's new, and he certainly doesn't belong here. Nor does he know how to react to this supposedly known figure in front of him. \"Relax, I'm not someone that you're supposed to fear or please,\" the boy says, leaning back into the wall behind him. \"Though I aim to be one.\" He keeps his silent, not knowing how to react to that. \"So, what's your story? Running away from home? Kicked out? Or you're just out to prove your worth?\" The boy chuckles because of certain inside joke, despite the silence that his interlocutor kept. \"It doesn't matter once you're in the street anyway. Here, it's all about survival. So tell me, do you have what it takes, angel boy?\" Somehow, the stranger irks him to no end. Maybe it's his indifference way of talking. Maybe it's his steely gaze. Or maybe it's the way that his words hit a little too close to home. \"We'll just have to wait and see, wouldn't we?\" he curtly replies, meeting the stranger's gaze with conviction he didn't know he had. \"So tell me, do you?\" \"I like your spunk,\" The boy grins, and somehow it sends shiver down his spine as he continues with, \"Pretty sure we're going to get along well, angel boy.\" \"If we ever going to get along well, you have to stop calling me angel boy,\" he snaps, irritated by the nickname. He's not an angel, his brother is the angelic one. He's just someone that could never be good enough and lived up to his parent's expectations. \"My name is Andi.\" \"Well Andi, I'm Bejo. Nice to meet you.\" Bejo's lips curls up into a smirk, \"What do you say we celebrate this fated meeting with a nice dinner?\" Andi's face blanched. \"I don't have money.\" \"Neither do I. But that could be rearranged, no?\" See how dirty I can get them Pulling out their fragile teeth and clip their tiny wings Bejo was right. They did get along well. The fact that they practically have no else but each other to depend to did helped forming the bond, but still it was mostly attributed to their similarity. Both of them started out as outcasts in this vile world. They didn't have the best build, and thus weren't physically intimidating. They both rely on their quick wits and ingenious brains to survive. In between the two of them, Andi was the better fighter. Bejo might be equipped with the sharp instinct and knife wielding ability that comes from years of rough experiences in the street. But Andi was trained in silat ever since he was just a little boy, and he possessed the skills and strength. So when they had time to spare, Andi would teach Bejo martial arts, to ensure his safety. In return, Bejo shared his knowledge. He taught Andi how to act and to keep up appearances, how to differentiate other's rank and importance in one glance, how other thinks and how he should think three steps ahead to beat them. He taught him how to not only survive, but to thrive. They started out as insignificant teenagers, but they were quick to rise and soon became a known duo. So it was no surprise that they caught the attention of the right person (or the wrong one, depend on your perspective). \"You see, the two of you have been causing a lot of trouble. And my men are not happy. Neither did I,\" Tama says, drawling his words. He appears to be completely at ease, casually leaning on his desk as he talks to the two adolescents in front of him. His men were posted all over the room, silently observing the exchange. And yet, Andi and Bejo sit comfortably on their chairs, with no telltales of being in an unfavorable position. \"But I see potential on the two of you, you know. You could be... useful. You could be better than whatever you are right now. And me? I am more than happy to provide the opportunity for you.\" \"If, of course, you agree to join me and my humble little group.\" Rather than offering, it feels more like an ultimatum: Join me, or die in my hand. So they did what any rational person would do. \"We're in.\" If heaven's grief brings hell's rain Then I'd trade all my tomorrows for just one yesterday In retrospect, Andi would admit that the danger was always imminent, but he passed it off as a mere latent potential. Ambitions was what drive Bejo, and in turn Andi himself, to where they currently are. There were certain circumstances that fueled those thirst, though, making it nearly unquenchable. Like their first encounter with Bangun. \"If these are your best men, I really am not looking forward to meet the lesser.\" Andi grits his teeth, doing his best not to let Bangun's condescending tone get to him. \"They're just kids. What could they possibly do?\" Next to him, Bejo is doing the same thing, only with more success. If it's not for the sharp look in his doe eyes, Andi laments, Bejo's calm appearance would have been perfect. \"I won't deny that, I mean I was also unconvinced at first,\" Tama says. \"But they proved their use time and time again,\" he barks out that signature chuckle of his, patting Bejo's head a few times and Andi could sense the cold rage underneath his friend's facade. \"Really?\" Bangun asks, clearly not buying it. \"If they mean that much to you, then, what would you do if I want them as payment? If I, for example, do this?\" Bangun's right hand cocks a gun against Bejo's temple, and Andi had to hold himself from interfering. \"Well,\" Tama sighs. \"I can't really do much, can I?\" Andi's eyes widen in horror, but he knows that Tama's right. There really isn't much that he can do, except to pray that he will not lost his one and only friend in this forsaken world. Bangun shakes his head. \"If even you won't fight for them, how do you expect me to trust your judgment?\" For a split second, Andi thought that Bangun would order his man to pull the trigger. Instead, the old man waves his hand. \"Alas, I'm in a favorable mood today, so I will give the two of you a chance to prove your worth.\" He gestures to one of his men, who throw a bag of weapons on their feet. \"There's this guy that has been a nuisance for quite some time. I want him and his men gone. Can the two of you handle that?\" \"Yes,\" Bejo answers without missing a beat. Bangun arches his eyebrow, \"You don't even know the number of his men.\" \"What difference would it make?\" Bejo calmly asks, slinging the bag over his shoulder. \"They'll all be dead before the night ends.\" He turns on his heels, not bothering to even excuses himself, and Andi follow suit, sparing only a slight bow at Bangun to indicate his remain of respect. Letting people down is my thing, baby Find yourself a new gig, this town ain't big enough for two of us Andi would never say the cliché line of \"It all changes one night,\" because it didn't. After they returned from their first mission under Bangun's command, they were met with appraisal. Tama was more than happy because Bangun finally entrusted him with his own territory to run, and he said that it was all thanks to the two of them. But Bejo shrugged it all off, and he became even more politely distant to everyone. Even Andi could only get a glimpse of whatever it is that he was working on. He only knew that the obscure yearning inside Bejo grew more and more imminent with each passing days. Finally, it all culminated into one particular event. \"I will burn this place down.\" Andi whips his head around, nearly jumps at the sight of his friend, if he could still call him that. Bejo is sitting calmly at the edge of Andi's bed, in Andi's bedroom, and he really doesn't want to think about how the hell he got there. He was happy, yes, because it's been months since they last talk. And yet... \"Would you, really?\" \"Why wouldn't I?\" \"Where would you go then?\" \"You're a smart man, Andi. And you know me better than anyone else here.\" The slightest ghost of a smile grazes his feature, \"Is that really the question that you should be asking?\" No, Andi inwardly thinks. It isn't. \"Will you leave by yourself?\" \"Not really, I plan on taking someone else. But there's always an open spot for another one.\" The implicit invitation hung in the air, and Andi isn't entirely sure on how to respond. He owes Bejo a lot, because if it wasn't for him, he's not sure he would've survived on the street alone. But he also owes Tama, and he can't really find it in himself to risk everything that he had achieved here for an uncertain future that Bejo planned. \"I see,\" Bejo stands up, making the decision for him. \"I will take my leave then.\" \"Jo,\" Andi manages to croaks, stopping the man right before he opens the door. \"Why?\" Bejo had the audacity to chuckle, before turning around with a smile on his face. \"Because we're too similar,\" he says. \"And at first, I always thought that it was a good thing.\" This is the moment when Andi realized that Bejo's smile doesn't quite reaches his eyes, and that those doe eyes are currently seizing him with a cool gaze that sends shivers down his spine. \"But now I see that double edged sword for what it is. Our similarities make us replaceable, for losing one of us would not do much harm to Tama or this setup of his. And after all this time, I think it's quite clear that he favors you over me.\" Andi wants to refute his argument, wants to tell him to stop this nonsense, but somehow he can't. Because maybe he's right. Because maybe, he himself believe that Tama wouldn't have stand still if it was him that Bangun threatened to kill back then. \"Take care, Andi. I hope we'll meet again. And for the sake of old friendship, do go with Tama for his monthly patrol tomorrow.\" If I spilled my guts The world would never look at you the same way Despite the clear threat that Bejo's visit and advice indicated, Andi kept his mouth shut and told no one about it, only agreeing to go with Tama as Bejo recommended. When they returned, Bejo has left with one of their prisoner, sparing no living soul to tell the tale of his deceit. Tama was outraged, but he didn't have the means to hunt Bejo down. That did not stop him from blindly killing a few people though, and Andi silently thanks the fact that he was rarely seen with Bejo for the past months, or he might be on the receiving end of Tama's rage. Rather than demanding compensation, Tama for once decided with enough sense that he should just focus on putting everything back together. Ironically, his decision brought about Andi's realization that Bejo was indeed right. One of them was more than enough to run Tama's operation. So it did not take long before Andi settled into his new role as the one and only brain in this whole business. Until Rama and his team raided the building, resulting in not only Tama, but also Mad Dog's death. Overnight, he was hoisted into the throne of that rotten building, and it was up to him on how to rule it. Not six hours since he let Rama out with his cop friend and that corrupt lieutenant, he got an unexpected visit. \"Hello, Andi.\" \"What the fuck are you doing here?\" he asks, shaking his head in disbelief at the sight of the man in the door. \"If Tama knows...\" \"Tama is dead, and you know it. You've seen it with your own eyes.\" After a pause, he adds, \"And I was actually expecting a warmer welcome.\" \"Why the hell would I give you a warm welcome, Jo?\" Andi balks. \"You left this place years ago for god knows what, and you expected me to greet you with a hug?\" \"If my memories serve me right, I wasn't the one who opted to stay,\" Bejo retorts while walking inside, and Andi can't help but to notice the way he limps and how he had to lean on a cane. To his surprise, though, he gestured to his men to close the door and give them some privacy.\"But I see that staying has done you good, so I must admit that you made the right decision back then.\" Andi nods, silently pondering about how much Bejo actually knows. Not only about his current predicament, but about him, and more importantly, about Rama. \"What about you?\" he asks. \"Has leaving done you good?\" Bejo chuckles and eases himself into a nearby chair while taking his shades off, \"It has, but I'm pretty sure you already know that. You did keep a tab on me, remember?\" In all honesty, he did utilize his privilege as Tama's right hand to secretly observed Bejo and his whereabouts from afar. And he knew about his little family, of the so called Assassin that he made out of the prisoner that he escaped this wretched building with, and of the siblings that he adopted and groomed into a pair of deadly killing machines. Andi knew all too well that leaving has primed Bejo into a king of his own turf. \"Why are you here then? Surely it's not for catching up with an old friend.\" \"That's not entirely true. This visit does have something to do with the past.\" Bejo folds his hands on top of his legs and addresses Andi, \"I take it you lead this place now?\" \"Who else?\" Andi shrugs his shoulder. \"And what does that have to do with you?\" \"A lot, actually. I have reasons to believe that you already know where I'm currently standing, so I assume you can guess where I'm heading.\" He pauses for a while before leaning forward, \"And I'd like for you to join me.\" \"You want me to take part on your impossible quest?\" \"My quest maybe insane, but it's certainly not impossible. And with your help, it would be far easier to attain.\" \"I still think it's impossible,\" Andi stubbornly says, and Bejo chuckles. \"Well think again, and think it through. You know what I strive to achieve, and you know I have the means for it. Whether or not you want to take part is entirely up to you.\" With that, Bejo put his shades back on and stands up, excusing himself. Before he open the door, though, Andi managed to stop him with one simple question, much like their last encounter. \"Why?\" Bejo turns around, facing Andi one more time as the latter elaborates, \"I know you don't believe in second chances, Jo. So why me?\" He weighs his answer for a while, before cracking up a smile. \"Some things are worth making exception over. And you know there's always a spot for a partner in crime in my clan.\" \"Thus, I sincerely hope that you will make the right decision once again.\" Anything you say can and will be held against you So only say my name He did make the right decision, Andi would argue. Two days after their happenstance, Bangun made a social visit and offered to establish him as the imperator of that building. And he did not need much deliberating before giving his consent. It was the right decision. Bangun clearly had the upper hand, and he believed that Bejo would fail, despite all his resources and schemes. So he side with Bangun, more so because it would make it easier for him to tab on Bangun's wide network to keep an eye on Rama. And yet, here he is now. Bruised and battered, shoved on his knees in front of his former best friend. \"This isn't how it's supposed to be, Jo!\" he reasons, and he knows that Bejo could understand the unsaid question under those words. Would you really kill me? \"This is not about ambition,\" Bejo says. \"But it's about limitation. And you, you're not supposed to meet me here, now, in this kind of way.\" You should've be a part of my movement, and not a glitch in the system. \"Bangun will...\" \"Bangun is old!\" Bejo barks with such fury that he ends up coughing afterwards. And it dawned on Andi that Bejo just lost his temper, something that he seems to be incapable of doing. \"I gave you a choice,\" Bejo continues after calming himself down. \"And you choosed to side with Bangun.\" You betrayed me, the message was clear. You refused my offer. You gave me no choice but to act accordingly and retaliate. Andi can feel the shotgun against his temple, and he knows that this is it. This is the end of their years of friendship and camaraderie. A bloodied end, all for the sake of ambitions and voracious desires. Maybe he brought it upon himself, for being apathetic all this time, for not reaching out and pulled his friend farther from the pit of darkness that he jumped into. Or maybe it's just a twisted reminder that fate was never favorable for him, and how he always ended up being a disappointment, both for his real family and for the man that was once his surrogate brother. Nevertheless, he can't help but to appeal once more, even if he was met with nothing but a cold facade. He can only hope that underneath that indifference, there's still a relics of compassion and Bejo would not let him vanish just like that. He wishes that, for old time sake, Bejo would still have the decency to somehow inform his family of his death. And he did. I want to teach you a lesson in the worst kind of way Still I'd trade all my tomorrows for just one yesterday ","Summary":" I thought of angels choking on their halos Get them drunk on rose water There was a time when the t"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Aku Sayang Abang","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10680130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aku Sayang Abang The Raid © Gareth Evans Andi dan Rama Sang bulan telah menampakkan wujudnya di hamparan langit luas di luar sana. Begitu menyejukkan hati banyak orang. Tetapi hal seperti itu tidak dirasakan oleh Andi yang sedari tadi tampak gelisah dengan kehadiran sang bulan. Bukan, dia bukan ingin berubah menjadi serigala ganteng atau manusia macan karena munculnya bulan. Rama adalah alasan dibalik segala kegelisahan Andi. Sudah pukul tujuh malam namun Rama belum kunjung pulang. \"Cepat cari ! Kamu sudah diperintahkan untuk jagain adikmu tapi yang terjadi kamu tidak tahu kemana adikmu pergi. Kamu belum pantas menjadi lelaki. Kamu tidak mempunyai tanggungjawab sedikit pun.\" Perintah seorang lelaki paruh baya terdengar mutlak dan tak dapat dibantah. Begitulah perintah yang diberikan bapak Andi ketika mendapati Rama tidak kunjung pulang dari bermain. Tidak mengherankan jika bapaknya marah besar pada Andi karena dia sudah diberi tanggungjawab namun dia tidak bisa menjaganya. Tetapi itu semua bukan salah Andi sepenuhnya. Salahkan juga Rama yang bermain tak ingat waktu. Padahal sebelum pergi bermain, Andi sudah memperingati Rama agar tidak main jauh-jauh dan pulang sebelum magrib. Dan yang terjadi Rama tidak balik ke rumah tepat waktu. Sejujurnya kalau Andi mau menemani Rama bermain pasti kejadiannya tidak akan seperti ini. Tugas yang menumpuk alasan dibalik Andi tidak dapat menemani Rama. Andi sudah mencari Rama ke seluruh tempat yang sering adiknya kunjungi. Hasilnya nihil, Andi tidak dapat menemukan Rama. Jika dia pulang dengan tangan hampa maka yang terjadi bapaknya akan memarahi habis-habisan atau hal terburuk yang terjadi Andi akan diberi pukulan yang cukup menyakitkan. Dalam hati Andi terus berdoa dan berharap agar Rama segera ditemukan dan dia dapat terbebas dari hukuman yang diberikan oleh bapaknya. Mungkin jika Rama ditemukan dia akan memberikan pelajaran pada adik kecilnya yang sudah membuat Andi susah seperti ini. Kini Andi melewati jalanan yang cukup sepi. Jarang sekali orang yang berlalu lalang melewati jalan ini. Di sepanjang jalan, tepatnya di sebelah kanan Andi terdapat sungai yang kalau musim hujan akan meluap dan membanjiri daerah sekitar sungai. \"Rama!\" teriak Andi keras, memanggil nama adiknya. Berkali-kali Andi berteriak seperti orang gila. Tidak dia pedulikan tatapan orang-orang padanya. \"Rama! Lo di mana sih?\" napas Andi terdengar menderu. Tenaga Andi terasa terkuras saat mencari keberadaan adiknya yang tiba-tiba saja menghilang. Letih itulah yang Andi rasakan saat ini tetapi dia tidak mungkin kembali tanpa membawa adiknya. \"Rama!\" teriak Andi tanpa henti. Andi berteriak tanpa henti hingga dia menyadari bahwa dia membutuhkan air untuk menjernihkan tenggorakannya yang kering. Langkah kaki Andi terhenti ketika mendengar suara dari balik semak-semak yang tak jauh darinya. Dia memperhatikan sekelilingnya. Tidak ada tanda-tanda seseorang yang akan melalui jalanan ini bahkan kendaraan bermotor pun tidak melewatinya. Andi menelan ludah dengan paksa. Takut-takut yang keluar dari semak-semak sesuatu yang bukan Andi harapkan. Sial! Andi merasa bulu kuduknya berdiri semua. \"To-tolong.\" Rintih suara dari balik semak-semak. Suara itu sangat Andi kenal. Suara itu adalah suara yang sudah membuat dirinya kebingungan setengah mati. Buru-buru Andi berlari ke arah semak-semak, berusaha untuk memastikan orang yang berada di sana. \"Ra-rama.\" Terkejut dengan kondisi yang terjadi pada adiknya. \"A-abang.\" Terdengar kelegaan pada ucapan Rama. Andi segera membawa Rama keluar dari semak-semak. \"Lo ngapain di situ. Kurang kerjaan aja. Tadi bapak marahin gue gara-gara lo gak pulang-pulang. Emangnya enak diomelin sama bapak?\" Andi benar-benar meluapkan kekesalannya pada Rama. Sebenarnya dia tidak ingin Rama mendapatkan rasa kesalnya namun Andi sudah kepalang tanggung. Rama tidak banyak bicara. Dia menyadari bahwa kali ini dirinya salah. Bentakan Andi tadi membuat Rama sadar bahwa dia telah menyusahkan kakaknya karena telah mencarinya dan dimarahi. \"Maaf bang.\" Mati-matian Rama berusaha menahan isakannya agar tidak terdengar oleh Andi. \"Lain kali tuh kalau main jangan jauh-jauh. Coba tadi kalau gue gak lewat sini. Gue gak tahu nasib lo. Bisa-bisa bapak ngusir gue.\" Kini emosi Andi mereda namun bagi Rama tetap saja terdengar Andi sedang mengomeli dirinya. \"I-iya bang.\" Ucap Rama membalas ucapan Andi. Isakan lirih lolos begitu saja. \"Maaf, Rama gak bakal ngulangin lagi. Biar abang gak diusir sama bapak.\" Andi telah mengeluarkan Rama dari semak-semak. Dapat Andi lihat bahwa pergelangan kaki Rama terkilir. Dia tidak tega melihat kondisi adiknya. Andi mendengar jelas kalau Rama sedang menangis. \"Lo ngapa bisa kayak gini?\" Andi membiarkan Rama untuk meluruskan kakinya terlebih dahulu. Terdengar rintihan kesakitan dari mulut Rama. \"Udah lo gak usah nangis. Anak cowok tuh jangan keseringan nangis nanti gak bakal ada cewek yang mau sama cowok gampang nangis.\" Ragu Rama menatap wajah Andi. Rama buru-buru mengusap air matanya. Dia tidak ingin terlihat cengeng di depan abangnya. \"Terus lo kenapa bisa kayak gini?\" tanya Andi sekali lagi pada Rama. Rama terdiam, dia takut untuk menjawab alasan dirinya seperti ini. \"Kalau ada orang nanya tuh dijawab. Bukan didiemin.\" Ucap Andi yang terdengar seperti membentak. Rama menggelengkan kepalanya. Dia takut Andi akan memarahinya. Andi menyadari bahwa sedari tadi Rama tidak melihat wajahnya. Andi menyakini bahwa sekarang Rama sedang ketakutan atau lebih takut jika Andi memarahinya. Karena bagi Rama baru pertama kalinya Andi membentak dirinya seperti barusan. \"Gue gak bakal marah sama lo.\" Kini Andi berusaha membuat Rama tenang. Dia hanya khawatir dengan Rama. \"Ceritain sama gue yang terjadi sama lo.\" Andi tidak betul-betul marah hanya saja dia kesal dengan Rama. \"Tadi pas mau pulang ke rumah. Aku ketemu terus dikerjai sama Bejo dan kawan-kawannya. Aku sebenarnya mau melawan tapi aku inget pesan kakak. Jika semuanya masih bisa diselesaikan dengan damai maka tidak perlu adanya kekerasan. Ya udah, Rama diem aja. Gak tahunya Bejo dorong Rama sampai jatuh ke semak-semak. Setelah itu Rama ditinggal. Rama udah teriak-teriak tapi gak ada yang mau nolongin Rama. Yang ada orang-orang malah ketakutan.\" Tiba-tiba Andi menyentil dahi Rama. \"Bodoh, seharusnya lo ngelawan aja kalau sama si Bejo. Dia pengecualian buat pesan gue itu.\" Jika sudah menyangkut Bejo maka telinga Andi sudah sangat sensitif. Sejak dulu Bejo tidak pernah bosan untuk menjahili Andi bahkan Rama. Selalu saja ada ulah Bejo yang membuat Andi geram. Dan Rama yang seperti ini adalah bukti bahwa Bejo sudah keterlaluan. Rama mengusap dahi yang Andi sentil. \"Ini sakit tahu, bang.\" \"Tapi sakitan mana sama kaki lo sekarang? Lain kali kalau lawan lo Bejo lebih baik lo ngelawan.\" Andi berusaha untuk membuat Rama bertindak tegas dengan perbuatan Bejo yang sudah di luar batas. \"Gue kan udah ngajarin lo beladiri. Setidaknya lo bisa pake itu saat Bejo usil lagi sama lo. Rama mengangguk. Dia merasa kaki kanannya terlalu sakit untuk bergerak. \"Lo bisa jalan gak?\" tanya Andi ketika melihat Rama mencoba untuk berdiri. \"A-aduh.\" Rama hampir jatuh ketika dirinya mencoba untuk berjalan. Beruntung Andi menangkapnya dengan sigap. \"Gue rasa lo gak bisa jalan. Gue gendong aja deh.\" Ucap Andi memperhatikan kaki Rama. Rama merasa kakaknya begitu khawatir padanya. Walaupun terkadang kakaknya berbicara kasar pada Rama. Dia tahu sebenarnya Andi sangat sayang padanya. Seperti sekarang ini. \"Tapi aku berat bang.\" \"Berisik lo. Cepet naik punggung gue. Biar cepet nyampe rumah. Tugas gue masih banyak nih. Lagian bapak pasti gak sabar buat ngomelin gue di rumah.\" Andi sudah siap dengan posisi jongkoknya. \"Cepetan. Jangan pake lama.\" \"Nanti aku jelasin ke bapak biar abang gak diomelin.\" Ujar Rama. \"Tapi beneran bang? Abang mau gendong Rama?\" tanya Rama memastikan. \"Iya. Bawel banget deh. Lo kan gak bisa jalan.\" Tidak butuh lama, Rama segera mengalungkan tangannya pada leher Andi dan naik ke punggung sang abang. Dengan hati-hati Andi bangkit. Dia tidak ingin membuat Rama semakin kesakitan. \"Jadi lo ngapain sampai main ke sana?\" tanya Andi, berusaha untuk mengusir keheningan di antara mereka. \"Abis Rama bosan main di depan rumah. Selain itu teman-teman Rama lagi sibuk sama tugasnya.\" Jawab Rama. \"Tapi kan lo gak usah main sampe sana. Ketemu Bejo lagi.\" Rama terdiam. \"Maaf bang. Aku hanya berusaha mengusir rasa bosan.\" \"Bosan karena gue gak ikut main sama lo?\" tanya Andi. \"Eh?\" terkejut pertanyaan yang diberikan Andi padanya. \"Maafin gue ya gak bisa main sama lo tadi. Kalau tugas gue gak lagi banyak pasti gue nemenin lo main.\" Andi meminta maaf dengan tulus karena tidak menemani Rama bermain. Rama yang mendengar permintaan maaf dari Andi merasa dirinya tidak jadi enak hati. \"Abang gak pernah bikin kesalahan sama Rama kok.\" \"Rama, setiap manusia pasti pernah bikin kesalahan. Termasuk gue. Pokoknya abang minta maaf dan Rama gak boleh ngebantah.\" \"Tapi bang—\" ucapan Rama terpotong. \"Sssst.\" Andi memberikan isyarat pertanda pada Rama untuk diam. Andi membetulkan posisi Rama di punggungnya dengan perlahan. \"Bang, kalau capek turunin Rama saja.\" ujar Rama yang merasa tidak enak pada Andi. Walaupun Andi tidak merasa bahwa Rama memberatkan setiap langkahnya menuju rumah. \"Bang,\" rengek Rama. \"Hm,\" \"Kalau capek. Rama biar jalan sendiri aja. Lagian udah mau nyampe rumah kok.\" Tidak enak hati melihat Andi yang sedang mengendongnya. \"Ntar ibu sama bapak malah khawatir lihat Rama kayak gini. \"Gue gak bakal nurunin lo. Tenang aja di sana. Gue ini kan lelaki perkasa. Emangnya kayak lo? Lagian nanti kalau gue gak gendong lo nanti gue malah disalahin sama bapak.\" Sahut Andi yang kini kembali membenarkan posisi Rama yang merosot dari posisi semulanya. Rama mengeratkan tangannya pada Andi. \"Maaf ya bang. Gara-gara aku, abang harus gendong aku sampai rumah.\" Kalau boleh jujur ingin rasanya Andi menyumpal mulut Rama yang tidak berhenti mengucapkan permintaan maaf. Tetapi Andi hanya diam saja. Dia takut dirinya malah akan membentak Rama. \"Untuk selanjutnya, lo harus hati-hati. Inget pesan gue barusan.\" Andi mengingatkan Rama tentang pesan yang dia sampaikan tadi. Rama mengangguk. \"Aku ngerti, bang.\" \"Bagus.\" Rama menaruh dagunya di bahu Andi. \"Aku sayang abang.\" Andi mengulas senyum lembut di wajahnya. \"Bang,\" panggil Rama karena Andi tidak membalas ucapannya. \"...\" Andi terdiam ketika Rama memanggil dirinya. \"Bang,\" kini Rama merengek. \"Iya-iya gue juga sayang sama lo. Udah jangan ngerengek mulu. Kuping gue jadi sakit.\" Ucap Andi dengan nada tinggi tetapi Rama malah tersenyum. Rama mengeratkan pelukannya ketika Andi kembali membuat posisi Rama seperti semula. Setelah itu tidak ada perbincangan sama sekali di antara mereka. Andi dan Rama fokus dengan apa yang berada di dalam pikiran mereka. \"Bang Andi. Aku berharap kita bisa seperti ini sampai kita tua nanti. Dan Rama ingin jadi polisi. Biar nanti nangkepin orang jahat kayak Bejo.\" Rama memecahkan keheningan di antara mereka berdua. \"Iya, gue berdoa yang terbaik buat lo.\" Andi berdoa dalam hatinya agar adik semata wayangnya dapat meraih sukses. Dia akan berusaha untuk membuat Rama menjadi apa yang adiknya inginkan walaupun dia harus mengorbankan dirinya. Tetapi tidak ada yang tahu dengan nasib mereka ke depan. Bisa saja apa yang sudah mereka rencanakan menjadi berantakan ketika Tuhan sudah berkehendak. \"Lihat yang ada di papan.\" Seorang lelaki yang diketahui bernama Jaka sedang menerangkan target serbuan mereka kali ini. \"Dengar tempat ini sangat berbahaya. Tidak ada orang yang berani untuk ke sini. Di tempat ini terdapat seorang gembong narkoba yang bernama Tama yang menjadikan tempat ini sebagai perlindungan bagi orang-orang tak berkemanusian. Dengan kata lain penjahat kelas teri hingga kelas kakap.\" Lanjut Jaka dengan suara yang menaruh kebencian pada mereka. \"Lihat orang ini!\" jaka menunjukan sebuah foto lelaki paruh baya dan foto dua orang lelaki. \"Dia yang bernama Tama Riyadi. Foto sebelahnya bernama Mad Dog sebagai algojo dan Andi sebagai tangan kanan dan otak bisnis.\" Rama tertegun ketika melihat foto yang sangat dia kenal tertancap di papan. Andi—kakaknya yang menghilang selama enam tahun dan ketika Rama mengetahui berita tentang Andi. Dia harus menghadapi bahwa Andi menjadi orang yang paling di cari oleh kepolisian. \"Sialan lo, bang.\" Gumam Rama seraya tersenyum miris melihat foto Andi yang mulai ditumbuhi kumis. THE END ","Summary":" Aku Sayang Abang The Raid © Gareth Evans Andi dan Rama Sang bulan telah menampakkan wujudnya di ham"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Sekretaris Berandal","Author":"gustidha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10258027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I don't own the Raid. Oh and google my username together with 'blogspot' if you're curious =P Siapa sih gue ? Dalam film yang diputar selama 2 jam lebih, banyak yang ga sadar keberadaan gue. Mereka sibuk mengagumi para jagoan dan preman dalam film. Padahal geu selalu ada di sana, menyaksikan dan mendengar semuanya. Yup, gue adalah si Mbak berbaju putih dan blazer hitam yang punya akses denger segalanya soal bisnis dan keluarga Pak Bangun dari balik pintu kaca yang transparan. Gue adalah si (sok) tahu akan segalanya. Udah bertaon-taon gue kerja ama Pak Bangun, dari sejak dia tengkurep, duduk sampe bisa bangun. Pak Bangun mulai bisnis dia mulai dari nol, kaya iklan Pertamina pas Bulan Puasa. Pas gue masuk sini, Pak Bangun sih udah lumayan sukses, bingitz. Banyak yang bilang bisnis doi itu bisnis gelap, soalnya dia menjalankan usaha setiap PLN melakukan pemadaman bergilir.. *ya keleus*. Bisnisnya , seperti lirik lagu Bang Haji Rhoma, berkutat di seputar dunia yang enak-enak tapi haram. Misalnya, narkoba, bisnis film porno, dan jual martabak mesir..pake minyak babi. *enak tapi haram toh* Pak Bangun ini punya anak semata wayang yang cakep banget, mirip model Aneka Yess taon 90an. Meski gue gak tahu ini anak asalnya dari mana, soalnya sampe sekarang Istri Pak Bangun masih menjadi misteri buat gue *jeng-jeng*. Nama anak Pak Bangun itu Ucok (tapi kolega Pak Bangun dari Jepang manggilnya Uco, sama kaya manggil Pak Bangun jadi Bang Gun ..Bang,kaya manggil tukang bubur, tapi ga pake naik haji segala) Mas Ucok ini emang ganteng bingitz! Banyak yang bilang muka doi mirip sama Arifin Putra. Iya, Arifin Putra yang pernah menjalin kisah kasih di sekolah bareng Marshanda sebelum itu cewek stress dan upload video di Yutub itu! Tapi Mas Ucok ini beda, dia ganteng, bukan lekong seperti yang dulu. Ups. Mas Uco ini bercita-cita menjadi the Next Pak Bangun. Tapi sayang doi masih labil, ya ganteng sih, tapi labil, tapi ganteng. Gara-gara kelabilannya itu, Mas Ucok kena juga masuk Bui. Waktu doi masuk bui, Pak Bangun pusing bukan maen. Sampe kalo mancing, habis mancing ikannya dibuang lagi, gue ga paham cara pikir orang kaya yang tua (dan masih ganteng) kaya dia. Dari bisik-bisik yang gue denger dari Mas Eka, orang Pak Bangun, Mas Ucok di sana punya sohib sejati bernama Yuda. Si Yuda ini, katanya pemuda kampung yang rela mengorbankan nyawanya untuk nyelamatin Mas Ucok. Okeh GUE SIAP PATAH HATI! Percuma gue bertaon-taon diem-diem ngelirik Mas Ucok dari dia sekolah, kalo dia lebih memilih lelaki! Sial! Percuma gue pake maskara yang nebelin bulu mata 15 kali sampe setebel bulu kambing gunung yang hobi mandi pake shampo metal biar cepet gondrong, kalo dia ternyata penyuka kaum dikotil atau berbiji dua T.T. Mas Eka pernah bilang, awalnya si Yuda ini gak mau sama Mas Ucok. Tapi Mas Ucok nembaknya sadis. \"Kalo lo sama gue, kita akan menguasai sayap ini bersama. Perlu lo ingat gue ga suka penolakan! Gue cuma kasih tahu, loe ga bisa seorang diri di sini!\" Kampretttt Mas Ucok! Gue bakal inget baek-baek tuh gaya lo nembak si Yuda buat nembak lelaki lain yang suatu saat gue taksir. \"Gue suka sama loe, dan gue gak suka penolakan. Kalo lo nolak gue, gue ga bisa jamin apa lo punya masa depan atau enggak.\" Kira-kira begitu kalo versi gue nanti. Toh, zaman semakin berat, persaingan makin ketat. Nembak pun harus pakai ancaman. Begitu Mas Ucok bebas dari penjara, bener aje dong yang dia sebut di depan Pak Bangun...nama Yudaaaa terussssss. Apalah artinya gue sebagai secret admirer huhuhu. Suatu hari, Mas Ucok begitu gembira karena hari itu si Yuda dibebasin dari Penjara. Doi dandan dari pagi dan mengenakan kemeja merah, yang menurut buku primbon yang gue beli di Kwitang empat tahun lalu, merah pertanda cinta yang membara. Pret! Gak cuma itu, Mas Ucok pun bela-belain jemput si Yuda di penjara... Mas Ucok kok kamu setia banget nunggu dan jemput doi T.T Penasaran juga gue sama si Yuda ini, eh taunya pucuk dicinta Mas Ucok tiba. \"Bapak Ada ?\" tanya dia \"Ada Mas, tapi lagi ada tamu dulu. Tunggu sebentar,\" kata gue. Pas di belakang Mas Ucok, ada pemuda yang kayanya selera perempuan montok macam Jane Shalimar dan Audy Item gituh. Mukanya sih Padang banget, ya menggoda lah untuk dijamah kayak nasi pake tunjang gituh. Badannya, wow, keker, wow, bantet sih, tapi enak dijamah. Gak lama tamu Pak Bangun dari Jepang keluar, Si Mas Ucok pun menggandeng Mas Yuda masuk ke dalam. Dan buat orang asing yang pertama masuk ruang Pak Bangun, selalu ada ritual yang gue suka dari bos gue ini. Apalagi kalo tamunya lezat begini, ibarat ada ayam pop siap santap. speaker phone dari ruang Pak Bangun gue nyalahin, CCtv untuk lihat angle dari atas juga udah on. Yuks kita nikmatin. Pak Bangun : Buka Gue : *Yesss udah mulai* Gue lihat si Yuda udah bingung dan salting. Mas Ucok : Udah Yud, gapapa Ah elahhhh gaya lu Mas, padahal gue dari sini bisa liat mata lo yang berbinar untuk menyibak otot-otot dibalik kaos Mas Yuda...sok woles aje nih Mas Ucok. Yuda pun membuka jaket, lalu kaosnya...owwwwwwww gilak, bidang banget Kaya lapangan badminton kelurahan! Gak lama dia buka jins-nya...oke angle atas siap, cctv on , yuk pura-pura serius ngeliat komputer. Ini dia... yahhhh kok ga pake sempak sih. Kok celana renang! Emangnya dia siapanya Richard Samberra sih ?! Pak Bangun : Buka semuanya Gue : *Loh biasanya stop sampe sempak aja, oh gara-gara celana renang nih* Pak Bangun : Kenapa ? Gak ada siapa-siapa kok, kecuali kamu malu kalo diliatin ama orang tua kaya sayah. Gue : PAK ADA GUEEEE LOH PAK DI SINIIIII PINTUNYA KACA LOH PAK DAN GUE JELAS BUKAN ORANG TUAAAAAAAAAA, *oke tapi itu semua hanya bisa gue jeritin dalam hati aja..tapi jelas gue gak santai...* Si Yuda pun buka tuh celana, gue pura-pura aja liat komputer dah...yang udah dipasang CCTV...dan ...WUOWWWWWWWWWWWW! TERONG BALADO! Kalem cuy... kalem Gak lama, Pak Bangun suruh si satpam bakar baju Yuda, Yuda pun dapat baju baru meski lebaran masih jauh. Mas Ucok, yaelahhh puas banget muke lo Mas! Mas Ucok akhirnya mengajak si Yuda keluar. Pas mereka keluar, gue tetep kalem dong. Yang kalian lihat di Film hanya gue dibalik meja resepsionis yang sibuk menatap layar komputer. Kalian gak tahu aja, gue lagii replay untuk yang ketiga kalinya tuh si Terong Balado. Tambo Ciekkkk! Jelas perasaan gue terhadap Mas Ucok udah pupus, ketika Mas Ucok lebih memilih Terong Balado ketimbang cabe-cabean kaya gue. Saban hari, si Terong Balado itu selalu ada di samping, maupun di belakang Mas Ucok. Gue gak tahu apa dia pernah ada di atas atau di bawah, CCTV gue ga terpasang di penthouse si Terong. Tapi belakangan, si Terong ini aga sering kepisah ama Mas Ucok. Sampe suatu saat ada kabar si Prakoso , preman andalan Pak Bangun, tewas ama preman-preman Mr Goto. Gue sempet ga percaya kabar itu sih, soalnya Mr Goto ama Pak Bangun kan sohiban. Gue juga sulit percaya si Prakoso segampang itu matinya, secara doi itu ibarat Bruce Willis asal Tanah Jawa...Matine Angel atau Die Hard. Tapi sebenernya, dari semua kabar yang berhembus itu...gue sampe saat ini MASIH SANGAT SULIT PERCAYA SI PRAKOSO PUNYA BINI SECAKEP MARSHA TIMOTHY! Ya ampun gue ga ngerti, kenapa mesti secakep itu T.T...kalo yang secakep itu dapatnye kaya Prakoso ...terus yang level jauh di bawah rata-rata kaya gue dapet yang kaya apa donggg?! Nah, Mas Ucok ini ngamuk-ngamuk di ruang Pak Bangun. Minta supaya kematian Prakoso dibalas. Terus mereka ribut besar..Pak Eka udah ga bisa nengahin. Sampe akhirnya datenglah itu si Terong Balado...masuk-masuk langsung tereak, \"Ada Apa INI?!\" . Yaelah Terong! Gaya lo kaya polisi India, udeh telat banyak nanya lagi! Kayanya sih Mas Ucok kecewa karena si Terong ini lelet banget sampenya dan susah dihubungi, terus dia kabur dah. Pak Bangun minta si Terong buat kejar tuh anak. Ah! Gue akhirnya pura-pura ke kamar mandi aja buat curi dengar. Gue ga tahu apa yang terjadi, tapi gue sekilas denger Mas Ucok tereak. \"Jadi gitu, lo ga sadar lo tinggal di penthouse siapa yang bayarin?\" .. Wah rada berat nih kayanya berantemnya, sampe diungkit-ungkit soal urusan nafkah. Gak lama, gue coba maju ke depan dan intip dikit. .. \"Plakkkkkk!\" Anjritt! Si Terong ditabok ama Mas Ucok! Sumpah gue baru tahu, kalo dalam hubungan antar lelaki, tampar-tamparan untuk saling menyakiti juga berlaku! Gue pikir ini cuma terjadi untuk sebuah hubungan dengan anggota yang berlawanan jenis kelamin saja di dalamnya. Ternyata gue salah. Weits, Mas Ucok mengarah ke sini, gue mesti buru-buru balik ke ruangan. ****** Gue gak tahu apa yang terjadi belakangan hari, tapi situasi semakin panas. Hubungan Mas Ucok sama Si Terong kayanya juga ga membaik. Soalnya makin ke sini, gue sering melihat memar di tubuh si Terong. Sadis juga ya hubungan mereka. Mungkin si Terong ini terlalu lemah dan ga bisa melawan, ya gimana lagi, si Mas Ucok kan yang kasih nafkah. Duit bicara sih yaaaa... Tiba-tiba Pak Bangun masuk ruang marah-marah, Mas Ucok diseret-seret. Mas Eka ngikutin dari belakang, tapi ga bisa ngapa-ngapain. Mas Eka cuma suruh gue buat kontak si Terong, mungkin buat selamatin MAs UCok. Duh si Mas Ucok habis dipukulin sama Pak Bangun... alamakkk si Terong hapenya ga ada yang aktif pulak. Aduhhh ini gimana sih si Terong, pacarnya lagi digebukin Bapaknya tapi dia diem aja. Ya mungkin dia marah sih ama Mas Ucok, tapi kan Mas Ucok udah dipukulin bapaknya inih. Teronggg kemanaaaaa loeeee! Gue udah panik kontak doi dah. Gue ga tahu, apa yang terjadi. Di dalam ruangan si Pak Bangun sibuk mukulin MAs Ucok. Dari luar juga ada suara gedebak-gedebuk, terus tiba-tiba cuaca jadi dingin banget...dan masuklah gerombolan, kayanya preman-preman, tapi dipimpin sama VJ MTV! Eh mirip doang deh, kaya Alex Abbad gitu doi soalnya. Gue coba menjalankan tugas gue dong, \"Maaf Pak, apa udah ada janji?\" Eh tapi meja gue digebrak! Terus satpam gue ditembak! Ih songong banget nih VJ Pensiunan! Gak lama, kok kayanya Mas Ucok kenal mereka. Terus kejadian berikutnya begitu cepat,sampe gue denger suara Tembakan. Si MAs UCok nembak mati Pak Bangunnn! Ya Ampun gue gagal paham! Kenapa dia mesti nembak bapaknya sih, kenapa dia ga upload video aja di yutub maki-maki bapaknya kaya yang Marshanda lakuin waktu menjalin kisah kasih di sekolah ama dia dulu! Terus , Mas Eka teriak dan Mas Ucok mengarahkan pistolnya ke arah dia. Gue gak tega! Mas Eka baek banget selama ini...Jangan Mas Ucok ...dan DORRRRRR! MAS EKAAAAAA! kakinya ditembak T.T, gue lihat ke samping ada yang lari lagi, gedebuk-gedebuk...yaelah SI TERONG BARU DATENGGGGGGGGGGG! KEMANE AJE LOEEE ! Bener-bener kaya polisi india dah! Si Terong tau-tau ngamuk, semua diserang, dan dia tiba-tiba tereak.. \"EKA LARIIIII!\" Gue bener-bener ga paham! Kenapa dia malah coba nyelamatin MAs EKa? Kenapa dia ga berpihak sama Mas Ucok, yang gue tahu selama ini adalah pacarnya! KENAPA ? Apa jangan-jangan Mas Eka selama ini jadi orang ketiga dalam hubungan mereka ? Apa ini yang bikin mereka berantem selama ini ? Apa sebenarnya Mas Ucok tahu tapi diem aja ? Apa itu alasan Mas Ucok nembakin peluru ke Mas Eka ? Untuk menyakitinya ? Memberi pelajaran atas cintanya ditikung ? Gue ga paham, gue bener-bener ga paham sama dunia para orang ganteng ini. Pala gue pusing mikirin itu semua, dan semua gedebak-gedebuk bikin pusing gue makin menjadi. ******* Waktu itu gue pingsan. Gue gak tahu apa yang terjadi, sampe akhirnya baca koran ada berita bahwa Mas Ucok juga meninggal. Cinta pasangan yang kaya begini emang selalu berakhir tragis kaya berita-berita buser. Si Terong tampaknya ga jauh beda ama si Ryan di Depok yang tak segan membunuh kekasihnya. Untung Mas Ucok ga dimutilasi segala. Ya udahlah, gue udah ga ikut campur urusan mereka. Meski sampe sekarang gue ga mendengar atau melihat si Terong dalam berita-berita seputar kematian Pak Bangun dan Ucok, gue penasaran juga ama tuh orang. Sekarang gue sibuk apa ? Gue sibuk menenangkan pikiran dulu di rumah, sambil membaca koran aja. Tapi cuma tiap Sabtu-Minggu, buat cari lowongan kerja. Ah, hidup memang aneh! . (THE END) ","Summary":" A/N: I don't own the Raid. Oh and google my username together with 'blogspot' if you're curious =P "},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Phantasm","Author":"halfbreedprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10289936","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You used to say I won't know a wind until it crossed me He often wakes up in the middle night, drenched in sweat, bed trashed and voice hoarse. And then, no matter what time it is, he won't be able to fall back to sleep and would instead spend the night sitting outside on the balcony, feeling the cold air against his skin. Or sometimes, he would go to the practice room and assault the sandbag until his muscles burn. Anything to keep his mind off of his nightmares - if you could even call it that, for it was much too vivid to be mere images that his mind conjured during moments of sleep. It was always the same cycle. He would be trapped in a pitch black room with nowhere to run, and then he would hear harsh voices picking on him, telling him that he was just a useless piece of trash. He's not masculine enough. He's too small and scrawny to be a boy. He's as weak as a girl. That he's a shame to the family. And then comes the pain. The agonizing successions of hits that overwhelmed his feeble attempt of defense. He would just end up curling into a ball, wishing for the torment to end. And then it would all be gone in the blink of an eye, and the landscape would change. He would see Alicia calling out to him from the distance and he would try to stand up in shaky legs only to realizes that he's back in that rotten confinement again. Back in the place that should've offer comfort and yet gave him nothing but sorrow. His limbs would give up then, and he would fall down on his knees as if the weight on the world just falls on his shoulder. And then he would watch, can only watch as that beast approaches Alicia from behind and strangles her. He would struggles to move, or at least scream for help, and then he would be jolted back to reality. Deep down, he realizes that those aren't exactly dream. It was fragments of his childhood memories, pieces of the past that he kept locked away in the closet of his mind. It was his deepest fear, the haunting dread that he used to be so familiar with during his time of childhood. And the anxiety that comes with those six words: He would never be good enough. I still look for your face in the crowd He's trembling in fear. He tries to convince himself that it's just a dream, but he's too shaken to believe his own words. The fear and despair was much too real, and it enveloped him until he can't breathe. Scrambling off his bed, he let his feet take him away from the suffocating darkness until he reaches Alicia's door. He grabs the door knob, but then his limbs lost their strength and he crumbles to the floor. No, no, he can't wake Alicia up. He can't let her sees him like this. He's her anchor, she needs him to be strong. And as her protector, he would shield her from everything, including the poisonous dread that's smothering him. He struggles to stands up straight, but then he feels the chills that creeps on his spine and he let out a choked sobs. It's irrational, he knows, but he can't help but to feels as if someone's watching him. Like that beast is observing him from one of the corner, hiding in the shadow. The fear was instilled in his mind even before he can comprehend anything, and even now he can't actually get over it. He would still jerked at the slightes sounds, would still jump to his feet when his eyes caught any unusual movement, and he's half expecting that beast to jump out from the darkness and strangle him to death. A cold wind blows past him, making the curtain dance and he nearly shrieks. Before he knows it, he's already running away with all his might, tears running down his cherubic face and heart hammering against his ribs. Once he reaches the practice room and slammed the door behind him, he clambers for the lamp switch. He whimpers from the sudden blinding light, making his knees buckle and he falls down face first on the mattress. But relief washed over him, because he made it to his sanctuary, the only place where horrors can't reach him. Tattooed on my arm is a charm to disarm all the harm With each jabs and hooks, he feels stronger. With each kicks, he feels the desolation seeps out of his system. And yet, he remembers. He remembers why he had to learn to take arms. He remembers when he started to raise his fist and retaliate against their abusive father. He remembers how, at first, it would only lasted for a few moments. He remembers what would happen then, once his father subdued him. He remembers the burning pain that ingrained the fear in his head. He remembers feeling so small, helpless, inadequate, a good for nothing that nobody likes. Gritting his teeth, he jumps and lands a harsh spin kick on the sandbag before punching it with such force he breaks the chain, and the sandbag falls to the floor. He pants, all sorts of emotions swelling inside of him and he made a grab for his baseball bat. The moment he curls his fingers around the hilt, clarity engulfed him. He tightens his grips, before swinging it upwards and hits a nearby target with a loud voice. He takes a step forward, swirling the bat in his hand, and suddenly he strikes. He remembers the first time he grab that bat in panic and broke that beast's nose with it. That beast roared in anger, but he was bleeding profusely and so he left him alone. He remembers the rush of adrenaline that fueled him after that encounter, and how it drove him to train his ability. He remembers familiarizing himself with the bat, making it his weapon of choice despite having almost no experience on playing the sport. He remembers how the bat helped him get through each day, easing the abuse that was supposed to befall him or Alicia. And oh, how he remembers the shocked look in that beast's face when he assaulted him with that bat. He remembers the delicious sound of his bone breaking under his hit. He remembers the satisfying feeling that he got over seeing the deformed corpse of their so called father. But first and foremost, he remembers how he feels when he first got hold of that precious baseball bat of his. He feels alive. Formidable. If you could see me now would you recognize me? Spent and satiated, he drags his aching body to the nearest corner and plops himself down on the floor. He put his bat in between his legs, leaning against the cold wall to catches his breath as his eyes assess the damages he caused after his venting out session. He let out a breathless chuckle. It's ironic, now that he thinks about it. He went through so much bullshit and violence during his younger days that he could firmly said that he had used up his entire portion of those two. He used to despise violence, because it reminds him of his father and the anguish that he put him and his sister through. He used to hold on to the resolution that he would only utilize violence in times of needs, and only to protect himself and his sister. He used to swear that once they're safe and free from that hellhole of a home, he would not have the need to raise that baseball bat again and would instead lead a peaceful life with Alicia. But through some kind of sick jokes that fate conjured, he's currently working as an assassin. And so does Alicia. When I see my face in the mirror We look so alike that it makes me shiver He closes his eyes, absentmindedly massaging the sore muscle on his legs. Where did it all go wrong, he wonder? At first, he only took up this job as his way of paying Bejo back for taking them in and protecting them. He never planned for it to be permanent. But then as time goes on, he doesn't seem to find it in himself to care anymore. He killed so many people that he no longer feels anything with every life he took. No longer care whether it was someone else's father, someone else's son, or that somewhere out there, a family will be mourning the loss. When did he become so numb? He wondered whether or not he had lost himself in the gore, and the glory that came with it. It scares him to no end, the possibility that he had fall in love with violence and the grandeur it could offer. Because violence were an integral part of that beast and his lifestyle. What if he became his father? What if that beast somehow lived on through him, and would torture all his children in the future? Opening his eyes, he looks up and regrets it immediately. Just a few days ago, the Assassin installed the mirror in the ceiling of their practice room, to give each of them a full view of their practicing session, so they can know where, when, and how they could improve. Yet every time he looks at the mirror, he sees a spitting image of his father. It frustrated him, the fact that he can't get away from that beast's grip even after all this time. That beast is dead, he made sure of it himself. He severed all his ties to the past, locked away all the memories and burned all that reminds him of that putrid part of his life. He even buried the name that beast gave him when he was born and adorned a new identity as the Baseball Bat Man. But still he saw him every time he sees his reflection. Lately, the resemblance is so uncanny he can't bear to look in the mirror anymore. And he can't help but think that maybe, it's not about physical similiarities that came hand in hand as he aged. Perhaps it's because deep inside, he's losing himself in the viciousness of this forsaken world and shaping up to be just another monster. Much like his father. If you could see me now Would you pat me on the back or would you criticize me? \"You're supposed to be in bed.\" He jerks his head up in surprise, but visibly relaxed when he sees that it's just Bejo. \"I'm practicing,\" he mumbles, and Bejo raises an eyebrow. Bejo says nothing, only taking in the view of their now wrecked practice room before sitting down next to him. He steals a glance from the corner of his eyes, wary and yet curious. It's not every day that he got to be so close to Bejo in such informal occassion. And now, seeing Bejo in that simple white t-shirt and slacks, stripped off of his shades and suit, he can't help but feels that Bejo looks...normal. Like your everyday Joe. And when Bejo leans at the wall, eyes closed and hair tussled, he sees the youth in him. He forget, sometimes, that they're only a little bit more than a decade apart. For Bejo had always been some sort of parental figure for him and Alicia, a surrogate father that gave him so much more than his birth father did. \"It's tiring, isn't it?\" Bejo says suddenly, breaking their silent reverie. \"What?\" Bejo turns his head and looks at him right in the eyes. \"The nightmares.\" Would you call me a saint or a sinner? He stares at the older man next to him, stunned. How did he know? And more importantly... \"You have nightmares too?\" he can't help but asks in disbelief, and Bejo chuckles lowly. \"It's inevitable, I suppose,\" Bejo laments. \"After all the things we saw, did, and got away with everyday, it's only fair that we got some sort of punishment. That would explain the nightmare, a reminder for the obligation that I washed my hands off of.\" \"But what could...\" \"Scare me? A lot of things do. But my deepest fear is that I overestimate myself, and my ability. That would be such an irony, wouldn't it? I always talked about limitation, and yet I overstepped my own.\" Bejo let out a hollow laughs. \"And to be honest, I often felt that I already did whenever I look at you and Alicia.\" He can feel his throat goes dry. \"What insanity possessed me, I wonder, that day I adopted you and Alicia? What did I think? I should've known better, and yet I took the two of you in. Why?\" It feels like a sharp punch in his gut, a suffocating grip in his lungs. \"I wasn't thinking straight, I suppose,\" Bejo puts a hand over his eyes. \"Had I been in my right mind, I would've brought you and Alicia to an orphanage. I would've ensured that the two of you got the proper care, and made sure that the two of you would be adopted by a fitting household, where you could get all the love and care you deserved.\" \"Maybe you would've gone to be a professional baseball player. And Alicia would get the best treatment for her hearing problems.\" \"But instead you're stuck with me, and I dragged the two of you into this bottomless pit of hell with me.\" Bejo looks up to the mirror, sorrows distorting his expression. \"I'm afraid that the two of you would wake up one day and realized that you hate me and what I've done to you.\" He caught Bejo's eyes, and the agony in those black orbs break his heart to pieces. So before he can second guess himself, he extends his shaky hands and wraps it around the older male. Would you love me a loser or winner? He's not one to show his affection through skinship or other physical means, but he can't help but to hug the older male. Can't help but to feel Bejo's shoulder slackened inside his embrace, and how he himself is shaking. \"Please don't say that,\" he chokes out a sob. \"Don't ever say that you regret taking us in, or that we would hate you.\" \"You're the best thing that ever happened to me and Alicia. You save us from that hell, and you gave us more than just a new life. You gave us a future, you gave us something to fight for. You gave us a family. You're our family.\" He doesn't know when he started crying, but the tears just fall down and he can't stop them. Nor that he want to, not when Bejo tentatively raises his hand and strokes his hair. \"Thank you,\" he softly says. \"But I still owe you an apology, for it was selfish of me to brought you into this foul circle and put you through all those torments when the truth is that you and Alicia deserved nothing more but a life of wealth and virtue. You've had enough of violence for a life time, and yet I gave you more of it.\" He shakes his head, trying to dispute that, but there's a lump in his throat. \"I can only wish that, you and Alicia would never lost your innocence to this vicious cycle.\" \"What if I already did?\" he croaks, still burying his face in Bejo's shoulder. \"What if I turned into a beast already?\" He cries harder when Bejo removes his hands and hold him at arm's length. Is this is? Is he angry? Would he despise him now that he knows the truth? \"You're not a monster. Never have, and never will,\" Bejo tells him firmly. \"How how do you know?\" he sobs. \"After all those things that I did, all the life that I took, how do you know that I didn't do it because I like it?!\" \"Because you don't. Otherwise you won't be crying like this,\" Bejo gently says, wiping the tears off of his face. \"You may immerse yourself in violence and gore, but you would never lose yourself in it. Because you have a reason. You have Alicia. And everything that you ever did, you did it for her. She would never let you sink in the darkness, and vice versa.\" He sobs again, but this time he can feel the relief with each teardrops as the suffocating grips of self doubt leaving him. Bejo pats him in the back a few times, before standing up and and ruffles his hair with affection. \"Go back to sleep, you need it.\" He nods, mumbling a thank you towards Bejo as the older man leave first. For the first time since forever, he easily falls back into a peaceful dreamless slumber, Bejo's consoling words echoing in his mind. \"You're not your father. You would never be him.\" Would you stand in disgrace or take a bow If you could see me now? ","Summary":" You used to say I won't know a wind until it crossed me He often wakes up in the middle night, dren"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Wind","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10464358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gelap malam tidak segelap matamu, Mata yang memandangku di tengah doa. Aku akan selalu mempertanyakanmu, Dan jawaban itu akan selalu menerpa. . . . . . Hanya butuh hitungan detik bagi Uco untuk menarik pelatuk pistol di tangannya, dan hanya butuh waktu secepat hembusan angin untuk nyawa Bangun—Bapaknya, kepala keluarga terkemuka sekaligus Bos mafia terbesar di Jakarta—terenggut oleh Uco, anaknya sendiri. Sebenarnya, butuh beberapa dekade bagi Uco untuk kembali ke masa itu karena pada hembusan nyawa Bangun yang hilang itu, tubuhnya tiba-tiba terasa membeku dan kosong. Tapi sayangnya, hanya ada waktu satu menit yang di berikan ke Uco untuk mati-matian membunuh perasaan hampa itu. Satu menit terpanjang seumur hidupnya. Dia tidak merasa bersalah, juga tidak merasakan kesedihan kehilangan sosok Ayah yang sejak lama ingin dia singkirkan—tapi tidak dengan cara seperti ini. Atau lebih tepatnya… belum. Tidak ada yang dirasakan Uco selain kehampaan. Karena jiwa Uco masih terikat dengan Bangun, dan Uco sedang mencoba meraih sosok bapaknya yang sudah tidak mungkin ada di masa depannya suatu saat nanti. Kemudian di kehampaan itu, dia pun kembali ke masa sekarang. Memaksa kakinya untuk bergerak, seperti dia memaksakan kehendaknya sendiri kepada Bangun saat dulu. Lalu Uco pun sadar, dia tidak lagi mencari Bangun dimana-mana, tetapi di masa lalu. . . . Rama memandang lurus ke jalanan yang ramai, tubuhnya seolah menyatu dengan mobil yang ia kendarai karena sama-sama sekarat dan terpacu waktu, tapi pikirannya berada entah dimana. Kata-kata terakhir Eka terus terngiang-ngiang di kepalanya, begitu keras hingga mampu menumpulkan rasa sakit di seluruh tubuhnya. Karena semua harus di selesaikan sampai tuntas … Rama mengingatkan dirinya sendiri untuk yang kesekian kali, dan kemudian menginjak gas lebih dalam. Di bawah alam sadarnya, diam-diam Rama memanggil Andi… Nggak ada yang tahu bakal jadi kayak gini, kan? Bahkan lo sendiri juga nggak, kan? Terus gue harus apa? Harus gimana? Padahal awalnya gue cuma mau nyelametin elo doang… gue cuma mau menuhin permintaan bapak untuk ngebawa lo pulang, itu aja. Tapi, pada akhirnya nggak ada yang bisa gue selametin… bahkan diri gue sendiri pun nggak. Rama memejamkan mata beberapa saat, kemudian membayangkan diri Andi tengah memandangnya dari kejauhan. Rama menginjak gas lebih dalam, seolah-olah dengan mobil sekarat yang ia kendarai sekarang ini bisa membantunya mengejar bayangan Andi. Kemudian dalam kegelapan malam dan lampu-lampu yang ia lewati, Rama menyadari bahwa Andi tidak tengah memandang dirinya, tetapi sesuatu yang ada di belakangnya. Saat Rama menoleh ke belakang, ia melihat cahaya lampu mobil yang terlewati beberapa bayangan orang-orang. Kemudian pikirannya kembali memanipulasi segalanya. Teman-temannya. Berseragam lengkap, tengah berlari di bawah hujan di masa lalu. Tapi tidak ada dirinya, karena dirinya sekarang sedang berdiri menggendong seorang anak—Angga, anaknya. Istrinya juga di sana, bersama dengan sang kakek—bapaknya dan juga Andi— Awal dari segala hal. Rama kembali menatap ke depan, mencari sosok Andi, tapi yang ia temukan justru sosok Eka yang tengah berjalan melewatinya dengan sekali lagi mengucapkan kata-kata terakhirnya sebelum akhirnya ia pergi bersama Andi. Tanpa sadar Rama memelankan laju mobilnya, dan semua halusinasi yang berhasil memunculkan kembali rasa sakit di seluruh tubuhnya itu menghilang bersamaan dengan munculnya sebuah bangunan di depan matanya. Tempat untuk menyelesaikan semuanya, sampai tuntas . . . . Cahaya pagi tidak membukakan mataku, Bila aku bisa mendengarmu bersuara. Dan aku akan kembali bertanya, Seberuntung inikah jika aku memilikimu? . . . . . Denyut ini masih ada … batin Uco seraya membasuh kedua tangannya yang berlumur darah—yang ia tidak perdulikan lagi darah siapa dan sejak kapan sudah membalut kedua tangannya itu. Ya, denyut jantung yang memompa darahnya dan darah ayahnya sendiri di dalam tubuhnya masih ada. Mungkin, inilah yang menghilangkan seluruh perasaan yang seharusnya ada sejak tadi, sejak ia menarik pelatuk dan memandang tubuh tak bernyawa milik Bangun. Karena bagaimanapun juga, entah kenapa… Uco merasa bahwa ia akan melihat Bangun lagi, saat ia pulang nanti. Dirinya yang terlalu mirip dengan Bangun—tanpa ia sadari—membuatnya terus bertahan pada pemikiran bahwa jika dirinya masih ada, maka ayahnya pun juga akan tetap ada. Kenyataan tidak akan pernah terasa sekejam ini bila kau sudah terlalu jauh melambung dalam mimpi—kau akan tetap membayangkan banyak hal ketika kau sudah melihat segalanya, karena tidak akan ada yang bisa menahanmu saat jatuh nantinya. Uco menatap dirinya untuk pertama kalinya dan untuk terakhir kalinya di cermin. Muka berantakan kayak gini mana cocok jadi boss, Uco terkejut dengan pemikirannya sendiri. Ha… terserah mau berantakan atau ancur sekalian… toh tetep gue juga yang jadi boss. Tegas Uco seraya kembali mencuci kedua tanganya. Ya, karena emang sekarang udah saatnya gue yang jadi boss . Udah nggak ada lagi yang bisa ngalangin gue, nggak ada lagi yang bisa ngatur-ngatur gue, nyuruh-nyuruh gue buat ngerjain pekerjaan-pekerjaan sampah nggak penting … Uco merasakan kobaran api itu, yang semakin lama semakin membesar. Tapi entah kenapa dia merasakan hal lain juga, sesuatu yang cukup kuat untuk bisa mempertahankan diri dari kobaran api itu. Sesuatu… yang mampu menyatukan diri terhadap kobaran api itu. Itu adalah hatinya yang beku. Kobaran api itu tetap ada ketika seorang Office boy masuk dan menawarkannya tissue untuk mengeringkan tangan dan wajahnya, dan Uco melampiaskannya kepada orang malang tersebut kemudian berjalan keluar seolah siap berperang lagi. Sebaiknya ini emang pantas , batin Uco dengan aura yang mampu membakar lorong dari ujung ke ujung, membuatkan dirinya sendiri sebuah perisai pertahanan yang bahkan mampu meruntuhkan pertahanan perasaannya sendiri. Sebaiknya hasil dari semua yang udah gue lakuin setimpal dan emang pantes. Kalau nggak … Uco membuka pintu, disusul dengan tatapan dari segala penjuru mengikutinya sampai ia duduk di singgasana kecilnya. Uco, yang sedari tadi sudah susah-susah membendung sebuah perisai api di sekelilingnya, seolah padam perlahan dan itu membuat Uco terdiam untuk sesaat. Ia merasakannya, bahwa ada sesuatu yang aneh disini. Sesuatu yang jauh lebih tak terlihat namun lebih terasa solid. Sesuatu yang membuat segalanya terasa mencekam, walaupun ia berada dalam pertahanannya sendiri. Uco tidak mengatakan apapun, karena ia masih berusaha untuk membaca suasana yang ada. Bahkan suara Bejo dan Reza pun tidak terdengar di telinganya. Uco memejamkan kedua matanya untuk sesaat untuk mengusir pikiran-pikirannya sendiri, dan untuk beberapa saat tenggelam dalam perang di dalam dirinya sendiri sampai suara tongkat Bejo yang terjatuh menyadarkannya, dan ia melihat itu… Sebuah tanda di pergelangan tangan Bejo. Tanda yang sama dengan yang ada di lengan orang yang berencana membunuhnya di penjara dulu. Orang yang di bawa Bejo untuk dieksekusi olehnya sendiri sebagai tanda \"pembalasan\". Tidak salah lagi, itu adalah tanda yang sama. Itu adalah tanda milik Benny. Hanya butuh hitungan detik benda terjatuh karena gravitasi, begitu pula dengan hitungan detik itu dunia Uco berhenti dan terjatuh walau tanpa gravitasi. Tapi, api yang sedari tadi ia pertahankan dengan kesadarannya yang perlahan menipis masih ada, dan tinggal menunggu waktu untuk membakar bom yang bisa meledak kapan saja, yang mampu menghancurkan dunianya bahkan diri Uco sendiri. Uco tidak bereaksi apa-apa ketika ia bisa merasakan denyut luka dari dalam tubuhnya perlahan menghantamnya berkali-kali, luka yang sedari tadi ia tumpulkan setengah mati. Luka yang ia cari di bayangan masa depannya ketika ia melihat tubuh tak bernyawa ayahnya, dan luka yang ia sambut dari masa lalu. Bahkan ucapan Reza yang seharusnya bisa menyinggung diri Uco dengan mudah, tidak terdengar olehnya. Telinganya hanya terpenuhi dengan dentuman detak Jantung yang perlahan semakin keras, seiring dengan adrenalin yang mengalir di seluruh tubuhnya. Meminta pertolongan sama sekali bukan gaya Uco, walau harga dirinya sudah hancur sekalipun. Tapi untuk kali ini, untuk pertama kalinya hati kecil Uco yang remuk perlahan, hancur seiring dengan lolongan pilu; Siapapun… tolong... bunuh aku . ... Rama bisa merasakan darah mengalir di pelipis kepalanya, dan denyut nyeri yang berteriak meminta istirahat dari sekujur tubuhnya, tapi walaupun demikian setelah ia menyelesaikan rintangan pertamanya di gudang, ia tetap melanjutkan dan pergi meninggalkan tubuh-tubuh yang tergeletak di sekelilingnya—yang entah hanya kehilangan kesadaran atau memang sudah tidak bernyawa lagi, Rama tidak perduli. Setelah berjalan beberapa lama dan tanpa mengetahui tujuannya yang sebenarnya, Rama memasuki salah satu ruangan yang ternyata adalah dapur. Para juru masak menatap Rama dan dengan penuh pengertian segera berjalan keluar dengan serempak, karena... di sana, berdiri sang assassin. Orang yang sejauh ini adalah musuh terkuatnya, seolah-olah sudah mengetahui akan kedatangannya. Dalam hitungan waktu, Rama meredam tubuhnya yang belum berhenti menjerit-jerit meminta untuk berhenti saja, dan mengeraskan pertahanan terakhirnya. Maaf, ya … Rama mengingatkan dirinya sendiri seiring ia berjalan mendekat, begitu pula dengan sang a ssassin turut berjalan mendekat. Mungkin ini keputusanku yang paling egois, Isa… aku minta maaf udah bikin kamu tersiksa, dan aku nggak tahu apa semuanya akan baik-baik aja nantinya —Rama menarik napas, jaraknya dengan sang assassin hanya tinggal satu meter, kemudian memasang kuda-kuda bersamaan seolah-olah mereka menyatu menjadi suatu kesatuan, dan Rama menatap lekat musuhnya dengan pandangan kosong yang waspada— Ya Tuhan, saya tidak akan sanggup meminta perlindungan dari-Mu atas apa yang sudah saya lakukan dan apa yang akan terjadi nantinya. Tapi keluarga saya tidak bersalah dan tidak ada hubungannya sama sekali dengan semua ini. Oleh karena itu… tolong, jaga saja mereka, sementara saya akan mencoba berusaha sendiri. Bersamaan dengan berakhirnya doa itu, Rama membungkam dunianya dengan gerakan pertamanya melawan sang assassin . . . . Tapi kau hanya akan bahagia Bila berada jauh dariku, Maka aku akan menghempasmu kesana Seperti topan melempar serdadu, . . . . . Rama menghembuskan napas, seolah-olah itu dapat membantunya mengurangi rasa sakit di sekujur tubuhnya yang bertambah lagi. Pandangannya masih tidak dapat fokus, dan ia pun hanya bisa memandang ke udara kosong yang turut membawa rintihan sakit yang tidak bisa ia suarakan. Dia sudah terlalu lelah, tapi ia tahu bahwa ini belum selesai. Ya, ini belum selesai… karena ia belum bertemu Bejo—dan Uco. Tenggorokannya tiba-tiba terasa kering saat mengingat Uco—kejadian di kantor Bangun kembali terulang. Tubuh Bangun yang sudah tidak bernyawa, dan Uco yang memegang senjata... Rama bersumpah, saat itu dunia terasa berhenti karena semua usaha hidup-mati yang ia perjuangkan selama bertahun-tahun langsung menguap begitu saja dalam hitungan detik. Tapi bagian terburuknya adalah, ia tidak tahu harus menyalahkan siapa. Dengan terhuyung beberapa kali, Rama melanjutkan \"perjalanan kecilnya\" dan beralih pada sebuah lorong panjang serba merah. Ada beberapa penjaga di situ dan yang dengan mudah di habisi satu persatu olehnya. Saat hendak berbelok, tiba-tiba ia merasa ada sesuatu melesat dengan cepat dari samping kirinya, dan PRANG! …Sebuah bola baseball bersarang dengan kuat dan mantap di dinding kaca, tepat beberapa senti dari wajahnya. Rama menoleh ke arah sumber pemukul bola tersebut, dan mendapati sepasang penjaga lagi, berdiri di depan pintu; seorang wanita berkacamata hitam lebar—membawa dua buah palu di masing-masing tangannya, dan seorang laki-laki berjaket lusuh yang membawa baseball bat besi. Mereka berbeda , itulah yang dipikirkan Rama saat melihat keduanya. \"Sini bolanya,\" ujar yang laki-laki. Rama memutar badannya dan melangkah mendekati mereka, bersiap untuk bertempur kembali tanpa menghiraukan permintaannya. Kemudian dalam hitungan detik, perang pun dimulai. Kunci utama dalam berkelahi untuk membela diri itu —gaung suara Andi tiba-tiba melintas dibenak Rama, seiring dengan ia menghindari serangan dua palu dari si wanita berkacamata dan hantaman dari bat besi— adalah lo harus sepenuhnya percaya sama kemampuan kaki dan tangan sendiri — Setelah berkali-kali menghindar, akhirnya Rama mendapat kesempatan untuk menyerang dan ternyata serangan itu hanya membuat sang wanita berkacamata terpisah dari si laki-laki pembawa bat — Percaya sama kemampuan sendiri,Ram. Jadilah egois — Pada kesempatan kedua, Rama berhasil merebut salah satu palu dari si wanita berkacamata, dan tanpa ragu, ia langsung menjauhkan palu tersebut dari jangkauan ketiganya— Kalo nggak jadi egois, namanya bukan 'ngebela diri', iya kan? hahaha yah, kalo itu sih menurut gue — Pada kesempatan berikutnya, Rama nyaris menghantam sang wanita berkacamata, tapi karena terhalangi si laki-laki berjaket, ia hanya berhasil mengenai kacamata wanita tersebut dan tampaklah wajah si wanita seluruhnya. Mata kanan dengan kulit yang berkerut-kerut seperti urat yang terlihat seperti habis di bakar sesuatu membuat Rama lengah untuk sesaat dan hampir saja terkena hantaman dari si laki-laki berjaket— Kalo berantem pake senjata, itu berarti kita lebih percaya senjata bisa ngelakuin lebih dari kemampuan kita sendiri, dan dari situ juga udah keliatan kalo kita bakal lebih gampang jatuhnya — Rama mencoba sekali lagi, dan ia berhasil melumpuhkan si laki-laki berjaket untuk sementara, sekaligus berhasil merebut palu terakhir dari tangan si wanita yang kemudian ia jauhkan sejauh mungkin— tapi, sebenernya yang paling utama itu adalah alasan kenapa kita mau maju dan ngebela diri. Karena nggak semuanya untuk kita sendiri doang, iya kan? walaupun namanya 'ngebela diri' juga —tanpa membuang-buang waktu, Rama segera menghabisi si wanita hanya dalam sekali hantaman. Tapi di telingannya tidak terdengar suara apapun selain suara teriakan dari laki-laki berjaket yang telah bangkit dan langsung tergoyah ketika melihat tubuh si wanita sudah tidak bergerak lagi di bawah kaki Rama. Walau hanya sekilas, Rama merasakannya. Mereka memang berbeda dari penjaga-penjaga yang lain, pikirnya. Dan karena itulah, perasaan bersalah mulai dengan perlahan menggerogoti hati kecilnya seiring ia kembali maju untuk bertempur dengan laki-laki berjaket yang tiba-tiba menyerangnya dengan membabi-buta. . . . Karena Serdadu itu sudah melalui banyak hal, Dan aku ingin kau untuk tetap kekal. Tapi Aku berdoa untuknya ketika kau berdoa untukku, Dan aku hanyalah angin, namun kau selalu dapat menyentuhku. . . . . . Eka tengah membereskan berkas-berkas di meja Bangun ketika pintu lift berbunyi dan sosok Rama berjalan keluar dengan raut wajah suram. Tidak ada candaan maupun sapaan dari Eka ketika ia melihat Rama yang masuk begitu saja dan langsung duduk di sofa tak jauh darinya, ia tahu kalau harinya sedang sulit. \"Loh, mana Uco? Tumben—\" \"Ka, lo udah berapa lama kerja di sini?\" potong Rama cepat. Eka dengan perlahan meletakkan kembali berkas-berkas di tangannya di atas meja dan menoleh ke arah Rama alias Yuda yang tidak menatapnya sama sekali. \"Err… lumayan lama juga, sih… kenapa emang—oh, gue tau nih kayaknya. Yud, gaji kita nggak jauh beda kok—\" \"…kenapa tiba-tiba ngomongin gaji?\" tanya Rama yang tertegun sejenak, keheranan. Begitu juga Eka, terhadap respon Rama tersebut. \"Emang ada apa sih? Ada masalah lain?\" tanya Eka cepat. Untuk sesaat, Rama tidak bersuara. Eka pun memutuskan untuk melanjutkan pekerjaannya seraya menunggu Rama mengatakan alasannya sendiri. Sementara itu Rama menimbang-nimbang, apakah masalah ini terlalu sepele untuk di umbar begitu saja ataukah malah sebaliknya. Amankah bercerita ke Eka? \"Hmm… kalau dilihat dari sikap lo tadi, lo lagi sebel ya sama si Uco?\" tanya Eka tiba-tiba, membuat Rama berjengit kaget menoleh ke arah Eka yang masih sibuk membereskan berkas-berkas. Rama hanya dapat terdiam, dan itu membuat Eka tertawa dalam hati karena tebakannya benar. \"Ngadepin tuh anak emang butuh kesabaran ekstra, Yud… lo kan tau sendiri dia moody banget. Kadang dia bisa jadi orang yang mau ngebawa lo ke mana aja lo mau, atau ngajak elo belanja, dan beliin lo apa aja yang lo mau… tapi tiba-tiba dia berubah jadi jongos paling ngeselin yang pernah lo kenal seumur hidup lo, ngatur-ngatur lo, marah-marahin lo tanpa alesan jelas, kayak hidup lo itu sepenuhnya milik dia dengan seenak jidatnya,\" Rama terhenyak mendengar penuturan Eka yang dengan santainya ia uraikan secara detail dan tepat, seraya melirik kamera CCTV di sudut ruangan. \"Dia anak tunggal sih, jadi mungkin gara-gara itu juga dia jadi gabisa ngontrol emosinya. Tapi ada untungnya juga sih dia anak tunggal, berhubung dia ambisius banget…\" Eka berbalik badan dengan setumpuk berkas di dadanya dan mengangguk ke arah Rama yang sudah tidak terlihat terlalu suram lagi, \"Gue udah kerja di sini dari sebelum lo kenal dia di penjara, Yud. Jadi lo seharusnya gaboleh ngeluh gitu aja.\" Rama mengikuti Eka keluar ruangan, yang kemudian berpapasan dengan Uco di dalam lift . Wajahnya yang angkuh menatap Rama dan Eka dengan ekspresi bingung, tapi ia tidak beranjak keluar dari lift melainkan turut turun bersama keduanya. \"Lo gue cari-cari ternyata ada di sini… abis ngapain kalian?\" tanyanya seraya menatap Rama, Eka dan berkas-berkas di tangan Eka secara bergantian. \"ini,\" Jawab Eka seraya menepuk berkas-berkas di tangannya, kemudian bersandar menghadap Uco dan kembali memeriksa berkas-berkas. Berbeda dengan Rama yang sama sekali tidak mau menatap Uco maupun Eka karena bingung harus apa. \"Kalau dia sih gue gatau ngapain, tau-tau nongol gitu aja di atas.\" Sambung Eka seraya mengangguk ke arah Rama—yang langsung di sambut dengan pelototan dari Rama, merasa terkhianati—kemudian mengalihkan pandangan ke Uco yang ternyata ikut menatap Rama dengan ekspresi datar, dan yang kemudian beralih ke Eka juga. Mereka saling bertukar pandang penuh arti dalam diam, sedangkan Rama hanya dapat memandang lurus ke bayangan dirinya yang buram di pintu lift . Saudara, ya… Rama memimpin kedua kakinya yang sudah mati rasa untuk berjalan melewati dua tubuh yang baru saja ia habisi. Jantungnya berdegup lebih kencang dari sebelumnya, entah karena perasaan bersalah atau ada hal lain mengganggunya. Tapi ada satu hal pasti, yang sampai saat ini masih melekat dan terus mengusik pikirannya. Kalau ia tidak memiliki Andi, abangnya, dulu… apakah dia tidak akan berada di sini untuk menghadapi semua ini? apakah dia akan menjadi satu-satunya anak kebanggaan bapaknya? Tapi… yang paling mengganggunya, apakah ia akan berubah menjadi seorang Uco yang memiliki sikap… \"apa adanya\"? Dan berakhir dengan ngebunuh bokap gue sendiri , Rama mengingatkan diri sendiri. \"Ada kerjaan buat gue nggak dari bokap?\" Tanya Uco memecah keheningan. \"Kayaknya sih baru ada ntar sore...\" jawab Eka seraya mengetuk-ngetuk jarinya. Uco memutar kedua matanya kemudian menunjuk Rama dari belakang, \"Dia kan kerjanya ngikutin lo… berarti sama aja kayak lo sampe ntar sore… jam setengah 4 lebih tepatnya.\" Ujar Eka mengerti. Uco mendengus dan melipat tangannya di depan dada. \"Bakal bosen banget dong berarti... ck.\" Setelah itu, tidak ada lagi yang bersuara sampai akhirnya lift berdenting dan pintunya terbuka. Eka berjalan ke kiri sementara Uco tetap berdiri terdiam di samping Rama dengan pandangan lurus, tengah memikirkan sesuatu. Rama memutuskan untuk berjalan lebih dahulu keluar dari lift karena sejujurnya, ia masih merasa jengkel dan tidak ingin dekat-dekat Uco. Ia lelah bekerja seperti ini, mengikuti orang yang tidak ia sukai sama sekali setiap hari, setiap waktu . \"Oh, ternyata bener.\" Ujar Uco tiba-tiba, membuat Rama melambatkan langkahnya walau niatnya sudah bulat untuk meninggalkan Uco. Selisih tiga detik kemudian, Uco sudah berada di samping Rama lagi dengan penasaran mencari-cari sesuatu di wajah Rama, membuatnya terganggu. \"Lo ngapain ngeliatin gue kayak gitu?\" gubris Rama tanpa menatap laki-laki di sebelahnya itu. Uco menarik diri dan menyeringai, kemudian ia berhenti mengikuti Rama—dan yang pastinya, itu berhasil membuat Rama bingung dan ikut berhenti juga dengan selisih beberapa meter di depannya. \"Kenapa berenti juga? Udah nggak ngambek lagi?\" ujar Uco dengan nada yang sama sekali tidak terdengar seperti sedang mengejek. Rama merasa wajahnya memanas sedikit. \"Siapa yang ngambek?\" tanyanya datar. Uco melipat kedua tangannya di dada dan menghela napas kecil, kemudian melemparkan pandangan aneh ke arah Rama. \"Apa?\" balas Rama, yang nyaris seperti sebuah bisikan. Posisinya masih belum berubah, tapi air mukanya terlihat lebih rileks walaupun jantungnya berdetak sedikit lebih cepat dari biasanya. Uco tertawa pelan, \"Yud, gue udah kenal lo 3 tahun lebih! Lo satu-satunya temen gue di penjara, dan lo pernah bersikap kayak gini ke gue setelah gue nekat nantangin bangsat-bangsat pengkhianat itu untuk yang kedua kalinya, walaupun lo udah nyuruh gue buat jangan bikin ribut kalo nggak mau lama-lama di penjara…\" Uco merapihkan rambutnya yang tidak berantakan sama sekali, \"…lo bener-bener ngejauhin, plus ngediemin gue seharian. Apa namanya itu kalo bukan ngambek ?\" Rama memutar matanya dan mendengus, \"Terus? Apa hubungannya sama lo?\" dan setelah menyelesaikan kalimat itu, Rama bingung sendiri kenapa ia berkata demikian. \"Lupain aja,\" sambung Rama cepat, kemudian mengalihkan pandangan ke jalanan yang ramai. \"dan emang waktu itu gue emang… ngambek—tapi waktu itu , soalnya waktu itu lo emang beneran ngocol. Banget. Tapi... gue nggak ngerti kenapa lo tiba-tiba ngomong gini—\" Rama tertegun sesaat ketika ia menoleh ke arah Uco lagi, dan mendapati senyuman tercerah yang pernah ia lihat dari wajah Uco—yang berhubung biasanya selalu dihiasi keangkuhan—ia jadi terlihat seperti anak kecil polos yang tidak tahu apa-apa, bukannya penagih utang jongos-jongos peliharaan mafia. Rama tidak berkutik, namun dengan cepat ia tutupi semuanya dengan wajah heran yang nyaris natural—kalau saja ia tidak merasakan wajahnya memanas, entah karena kagum dengan pemandangan yang sangat jarang itu, atau kesal karena Uco jadi terlihat seperti sedang mengejeknya…. Atau hal lain. \"Sialan, kok gue malah ngaku gini…\" ujar Rama pura-pura pasrah, kemudian mendengus dan tersenyum kecil menahan kekeh—sekaligus berusaha untuk menenangkan diri. Walaupun Rama berdiri di belakang bayangan dinding dan wajahnya jadi tidak terlalu kelihatan, tapi Uco melihatnya dengan jelas. Dan ia bersumpah bahwa ia merasakan kepalanya terasa kesemutan untuk beberapa saat, dan itu membuat senyumnya semakin mengembang. Tapi dengan cepat ia menahannya agar tidak terlihat terlalu senang, dan ia pun berjalan mendekati Rama. \"Yang tadi itu juga namanya ngambek, tapi karna lo sekarang kayaknya udah nggak ngambek lagi…\" Rama menatap Uco dengan waspada saat ia mendekat, tapi ia tidak bergerak sedikitpun. \"Gue nggak ngambek,\" Potong Rama cepat, dan itu membuat Uco berhenti tepat tidak jauh di hadapan Rama—membuat Rama sadar bahwa Uco terlalu kurus untuk ukuran tinggi badannya yang lebih tinggi darinya—kemudian menyeringai lagi. \"Yaudah… kita anggep aja 'tadi-lo-ngambek', dan ngambeknya gara-gara gue. Jadi… anggep juga sekarang lo 'masih' ngambek, dan masih nggak mau deket-deket gue… jadi, gue harus apa biar lo nggak ngambek lagi?\" sahutnya. Rama melempar pandangan ke arah lain seiring ia menghela napas, ia tidak tahu harus bagimana kali ini. Akhirnya ia mengayunkan tangannya untuk menyuruh Uco mendekatinya, dan saat Uco mendekat, Rama langsung menarik dan merangkulnya, berkata; \"Kita anggep aja gue 'bakal tetep' ngehajar bajingan-bajingan yang berniat ngehabisin nyawa lo walaupun seharusnya lo gue biarin aja, berhubung gue lagi ngambek sama lo, sampai kapanpun.\" Kemudian Rama melepaskan rangkulannya dan bersiap menerima respon dari Uco. Tapi ia tidak menemukan adanya ejekan, atau tuturan angkuh dari mulut Uco setelah ia mengatakan hal itu. Melainkan wajah yang merah padam, rangkulan hangat dan sunggingan senyum lebar dari wajah Uco. Rama tidak tahu harus merasakan apa saat melihat itu, tapi yang pasti ia merasa perasaannya begitu ringan. Terlalu ringan sampai-sampai ia takut dirinya bisa melambung tinggi ke langit. \"Lo kenapa sih, kok kayaknya seneng banget kalo ngeliat orang kesel sama lo?\" tanya Rama jengkel sendiri. Tapi Uco tidak menjawab, melainkan dengan main-main ia mencium pipi Rama dan berkata dengan seenaknya; \"Namanya juga calon bos mafia terbesar, harus bisa lah ngadepin yang beginian doang…\" Tapi sedetik kemudian ia menyadari apa yang baru saja terjadi—atau yang lebih tepatnya, apa yang baru saja ia lakukan terhadap Rama —dan dengan cepat melepas rangkulannya. Rama, yang terkejut setengah mati dan tidak tahu harus apa, langsung tertawa lepas untuk menutupi wajahnya yang merah padam karena malu. Sampai membuat beberapa orang yang lewat di sekitar mereka melemparkan tatapan heran kepada keduanya, tapi tidak berani terlalu lama memandang karena pelototan dari Uco. Butuh beberapa waktu bagi Rama untuk mengatur napas dan berhenti tertawa, walaupun Uco sudah memarahinya untuk berhenti—tapi ia akan kembali tertawa lagi ketika melihat wajah Uco yang juga memerah, dan itu membuat Uco lama-lama menjadi jengkel karena malu. \"Apaan tuh tadi?!\" tanya Rama lirih, seperti kehabisan napas setelah tertawa beberapa menit. Ia mengelap kedua matanya yang berair, dan membungkuk karena wajahnya masih terasa panas. Uco memutar badan dan berjalan menjauhi Rama, dengan dalam hati memaki diri sendiri dan bertanya-tanya apa yang salah dengannya? Kenapa bisa-bisanya dia mencium pipi Rama? Sementara itu Rama yang tidak mendapatkan penjelasan sama sekali langsung mendongak dan mendapati sosok Uco yang sudah berjalan menjauh, sehingga dengan cepat ia susul. Uco yang mendengar suara langkah Rama yang mendekat jadi semakin uring-uringan, dan akhirnya dia memutuskan untuk berhenti—Rama pun ikut berhenti tanpa berkata apa-apa \"Lo nggak usah ngikutin gue.\" Ujar Uco tanpa menoleh ke belakang—ke arah Rama, sama sekali. \"Co…? kok malah gantian lo yang ngambek?\" tanya Rama hati-hati, tapi jadi ikut-ikutan salah tingkah juga. Uco tidak menjawab, tidak juga bergerak dari tempatnya—dan itu membuat Rama semakin merasa gugup. \"Yang tadi…\" lirih Rama seraya menggaruk belakang kepalanya, dan kemudian kaget sendiri karena wajahnya masih terasa panas, akhirnya ia menunduk melihat sepatunya sendiri. \"Diem!\" bentak Uco goyah, hampir terdengar seperti ragu. Hening membentang jarak antara keduanya, dan itu membuat Uco untuk pertama kalinya dalam seumur hidupnya, merasa meyusut kecil di dunia. Sedangkan Rama yang masih kaget, hanya terdiam dengan pikiran kosong—ia tidak tahu harus apa, dan harus merasakan apa, atau bahkan tidak tahu harus berpikir apa. Tapi ia tahu, kalau diam seperti ini terus, Uco bisa 'meledak' kapan saja, dan sasarannya bisa siapa saja termasuk dirinya. Akhirnya dia memutar otak mencari kata-kata yang tepat untuk mencegah hal itu terjadi, tapi yang selalu muncul di kepalanya hanyalah…. Apa yang dilakukan Uco tadi. Dan itu membuat wajahnya memerah lagi. \"Yang tadi, anggep aja nggak pernah terjadi.\" Sahut Uco akhirnya, dan ia pun lanjut berjalan meninggalkan Rama yang masih kebingungan, \"M-mana bisa…\" gumam Rama, yang lebih kepada dirinya sendiri. Walaupun Uco sudah berjarak cukup jauh darinya, ia tetap dapat mendengarnya, dan itu membuat wajahnya semakin memanas merah padam, tapi ia tetap berjalan dan memasuki mobil. Di dalam mobil, Uco menutupi wajahnya dengan kedua tangannya, dan mau tak mau ia harus mengakui… kalau dia kualahan untuk menahan senyuman lebar yang sedari tadi ia tahan untuk berkembang di bibirnya. \"Sialan. Parah banget. Konyol.\" Gumamnya pelan. BRAK! Seiring dengan suara bantingan pintu yang terbuka mendadak, Uco tersadar dari kekosongannya. Dan jantung yang sedari tadi mendentum sampai membungkam dunia, tiba-tiba menghilang begitu saja ketika ia melihat sosok di hadapannya. Aura aneh yang sedari tadi ada di ruangan itu dan menyelimuti perasaannya perlahan lenyap, dan kini ia tahu kenapa. Semua orang yang ada di ruangan itu berusaha untuk menumbangkan Rama, tapi tidak ada satupun yang bisa. Uco, yang sedari tadi mengawasi gerak Bejo yang turut panik karena kedatangan Rama yang tidak di duga itu, langsung bergerak cepat dan mencegah Bejo untuk mengoper sebuah Shotgun kepada Reza. Lalu sedetik kemudian, jari yang tadinya berani walau terasa kaku dan berat untuk menarik pelatuk ke arah bapaknya sendiri, dengan ringannya menarik pelatuk Shotgun di tangannya ke arah Reza. Dia , Uco menatap tubuh Reza yang tergeletak di bawah kakinya dengan tanpa ekspresi. Bejo, yang berada tak jauh darinya terdiam seperti habis tersambar petir. Ia re-load senjata yang ada di tangannya, di peruntukkan untuk menembak Uco, tapi Rama yang sudah menghabisi anak buah-anak buahnya langsung mengalihkan perhatiannya, dan itu membuatnya hampir tertembak. Rama pun mundur, menyebrangi ruangan untuk menghindari tembakan-tembakan dari Bejo, dan berhasil berlindung di belakang sebuah sofa. Uco yang tersadar dari lamunannya langsung membalik badan dan dengan mulus menembak Bejo. Satu kali, dua kali, tiga kali … sampai tidak terdengar suara tembakan lagi melainkan dari shotgun -nya saja. Ia berhenti menembak ketika ia hati kecilnya mengatakan bahwa itu sudah cukup, padahal belum . Rama merasa sedikit lega ketika tidak terdengar lagi suara letusan senjata, dan ia baru sadar bahwa ia terkena tembakan di lengan dan kakinya walau hanya terserempet. Tapi ia masih belum berani untuk maju lagi, dan akhirnya hanya dapat bertanya-tanya… kenapa berhenti? Ada apa? Oh, ya… Uco… apa dia yang nolongin gue…? Sementara itu, Uco melangkah lebih dekat untuk melihat wajah Bejo, dan bertanya-tanya apa yang lebih baik ia lakukan untuk memuaskan perasaan dendamnya. Meludahinya? Menendang kepalanya? Menendang tubuhnya? Menghajarnya dengan kedua tangannya? Tapi Uco tersadar, mungkin akan lebih memuaskan kalau ia lebih baik langsung saja mengirim orang terkutuk ini kepada bapaknya agar bapaknya juga dapat membalaskan dendamnya. Ya. Akhirnya dengan itu, Uco pun langsung menembak Bejo tepat di kepalanya hingga hancur. Lalu, setelah ini apa? Uco merasa jantungnya berpacu dengan kencang membungkam dunia, tapi ia merasa tidak nyaman dengan hal itu… ia pun menembak ke sembarang tempat. Walaupun ia sudah membalas dendam dengan membunuh Bejo, tapi Uco sudah terlalu hancur untuk bertahan. Gimana kalo lo bunuh diri aja? Bukannya lo minta buat mati aja, tadi? Tanya Uco pada dirinya sendiri, dan beberapa saat kemudian ia sadar, gengsinya terlalu besar untuk melakukan bunuh diri karena menurutnya itu adalah perbuatan rendah dan ia sudah tidak mampu lagi untuk berbuat sesuatu yang seperti itu. Ada cara lain , pikir Uco, kemudian memutar badan ke arah tempat perlindungan Rama. Ia menembaki sofa tersebut dan sekitarnya, ia ingin memancing Rama keluar. Rama langsung kualahan ketika tempat perlindungannya di serang habis-habisan, dan ia melihat dari serpihan kaca yang berserakan di sebelahnya, tampak bayangan Uco yang tengah menembakinya dengan shotgun membuat hatinya mencelos entah kenapa. Ia yang sudah diam-diam berpegang teguh pada seutas harapan tipis—yaitu mungkin Uco hanya terjebak keadaan, dan itu adalah kewajibannya sebagai seorang teman untuk menolongnya—ketika melihat Uco yang saat ini sudah seperti tidak dapat lagi membedakan mana kawan mana lawan, langsung lenyap begitu saja. Rama ingin sekali berteriak dan memohon Uco untuk berhenti menembak, karena ia ingin merubah segala hal. Tapi suara deru tembakan, ditambah dengan sakit yang ada di seluruh tubuhnya… dan perasaannya yang hancur, membuatnya frustrasi. Lo kenapa tiba-tiba jadi begini, sih?! Berhenti, Co! ini gue! Rama hanya dapat berteriak dalam hati, dan menunggu… Lo kenapa tiba-tiba ada di sini, Yud … Pandangan Uco yang kosong menatap sofa yang sudah berlubang-lubang di hadapannya, tapi ia tidak berhenti menembakinya. Apa lo di sini buat ngabulin permintaan terakhir gue? Selesaikan semuanya sampai tuntas, Rama memejamkan mata untuk mengenyahkan kata-kata Eka dari benaknya walau ia tahu, itu tidak akan mungkin bisa. Dengan perlahan, akhirnya Rama melepaskan harapan tipis itu… harapan untuk menolong Uco. Selesaikan semuanya, sampai tuntas . Ayo, Yud… gue mohon, jangan sampai gue berubah pikiran. Gue udah nggak tau harus gimana lagi, semuanya udah hancur… gue udah hancur… jadi, buat apa gue hidup? Uco merasa wajahnya memanas, yang kemudian ia sadari bahwa ia sudah di ujung tanduk. Ia ingin menangis. Uco terhenyak untuk beberapa saat ketika Shotgun -nya tiba-tiba berhenti menembak, entah karena sudah tidak berpeluru lagi atau macet, dan kesempatan itu tidak di sia-siakan oleh Rama. Ia langsung keluar dari belakang sofa, menggenggam senjata milik Assassin yang sejak tadi berada di tangannya dengan sangat erat, dan mengingatkan dirinya sendiri untuk melakukannya dengan cepat. . . . Uco melakukan perlawanan terakhirnya dengan menembak sekali ke arah Rama, tapi Rama terlalu cepat sehingga tembakan itu meleset. Uco menghela napas lega seiring dengan shotgun- nya yang melambung tinggi di atasnya karena terlempar. . . . Entah kenapa, walaupun Rama berhasil menangkis tembakan dan melempar shotgun Uco, tubuhnya tiba-tiba berhenti begitu saja ketika ia berniat untuk menghujamkan pisau di tangannya ke tubuh Uco. Malah tangan kosongnya yang mengepal kencang, hanya mampu meninju perut Uco. Ia memandang ke tubuh yang tergeletak di belakang Uco, kemudian bertanya-tanya; apakah itu Bejo? Kepalanya hancur… apakah itu perbuatan Uco? Uco yang sadar dengan berhentinya tubuh Rama, setelah menerima tinju dari Rama, ia merasakan adanya benda tajam keras yang menempel pada perutnya. Pisau? Uco menghela napas pelan, kemudian bertanya-tanya; Apa rasa sakitnya akan sama seperti apa yang dirasakan bapaknya yang ia tembak sendiri? kemudian ia sadar, mungkin lebih cepat lebih baik… Dengan cepat dan mantap, Uco menyerang tubuhnya sendiri ke pisau yang ada pada genggaman Rama, dan menahan sakit yang membakar. Ia melenguh, mengerang tertahan, dan mencengkram bahu Rama, dan sontak Rama tersadar dari lamunannya. Kemudian… ia merasakannya. Hatinya perlahan membeku, bersamaan dengan tubuhnya yang memanas. Semua luka yang ada di sekujur tubuhnya seolah bertambah dua kali lipat, dan ia—mereka berdua—tidak sanggup menahannya lebih lama lagi . \"Kalo dia lagi diem, bukan berarti dia lagi marah…\" ujar Eka seraya melipat kedua tangannya. Ia memandang Rama yang sedang berdiri tak jauh darinya, sedangkan Rama sendiri tengah memandang keluar jendela dengan mata menerawang jauh. \"Kalo dia lagi diem, itu berarti dia lagi banyak pikiran. Jarang banget loh dia kayak gitu…\" tambah Eka. \"…Kenapa lo tiba-tiba ngomong gitu?\" tanya Rama akhirnya, yang hanya melirik Eka dari ekor matanya kemudian berjalan mendekatinya. \"Soalnya lo tuh keliatan gabut banget, tau nggak. Kerjaan lo di sini kan cuma nempelin dia kemana-mana, gampang banget ketebaknya, Yud.\" Gerutu Eka. \"Dia tuh kalo lagi diem, biasanya lagi mengharapkan buat ada orang yang ngerti apa yang ada di pikirannya tanpa dia harus bilang.\" Jelas Eka. Rama duduk bersandar di kursi di seberang Eka, dan ia hanya berani menatap lantai. Ternyata ada juga orang se-peka Eka, ya . \"Dan biasanya… orang yang bisa kayak gitu ke dia, bakal dia anggep orang paling… wah gitu deh. Paling berharga. Aduh, susah ngasih taunya gimana. Ya, lo pasti ngerti lah apa maksud gue.\" Eka bangkit dari duduknya ketika melihat salah satu anak buah Bangun memanggilnya dari pintu kaca, dan memberi tanda pamit kepada Rama dan dibalas dengan anggukan singkat Kemudian Rama melipat kedua tangannya ke belakang kepalanya dan bersandar dengan rileks. Pikirannya melayang ke keluarganya. Bapaknya, anaknya, Andi… dan Isa, istrinya. Kemudian sebuah senyuman tipis mengembang di bibirnya. Kalo Isa kenal sama ini anak, dia pasti bakal stress sendiri. Mana bisa dia ngeliat orang yang kekurangan kasih sayang kayak dia, gumam Rama dalam hati. Terbayang olehnya sosok Uco yang tengah cekcok dengan Isa karena tidak mau mengikuti saran dari istrinya itu, sedangkan ia dan Angga, anaknya, hanya dapat tertawa melihat keduanya. Sementara bapaknya hanya dapat geleng-geleng kepala dan pergi ke kamar. Setelahnya Rama membayangkan omelan dari Uco tentang istrinya, tapi saat istrinya mengumumkan bahwa makan malam sudah jadi, Uco lah orang pertama yang langsung sampai di ruang makan untuk melihat makanan apa yang dimasak oleh Isa—lalu mengejeknya—tapi kemudian dia akan duduk, dan mulai makan duluan. Muncul sebuah perasaan yang menghimpit di dada Rama saat membayangkan itu semua, seolah-olah dirinya tidak berada di sana—karena memang itu kenyataannya. Selama ini ia tidak pernah menganggap dirinya ada, karena ia terlalu sibuk memikirkan orang-orang di sekitarnya. Entah itu sebuah hal yang bagus atau bukan, tapi ketika teringat orang-orang yang berada jauh darinya membuat dirinya kehilangan pegangan pada hidup sekaligus mendapat pijakan yang kokoh untuk lanjut melangkah kedepan. Rama bertanya-tanya, apakah Uco pernah merasakan hal seperti ini juga? Perasaan ketika didukung seseorang, di kelilingi kehangatan keluarga. Karena sebenarnya, Rama dan Uco hampir sama. Mereka sama-sama terlalu fokus pada satu hal sampai lupa diri, sama-sama melangkah sendiri menuju hal itu, dan sama-sama di dukung… Bedanya, Rama memiliki lebih banyak suara dari orang-orang yang ia sayangi sehingga ia dapat terus sadar dan tidak terjerumus, namun tidak bagi Uco. Rama melirik Uco, wajahnya sudah pucat pasi. Untuk sesaat, Rama mengejamkan kedua matanya dan berdoa, meminta yang lebih baik. Dan dalam hitungan Detik, Rama mengayunkan tangannya dan dengan keras ia hantamkan pisau di tangannya ke luka yang ada di perut Uco—kefatalan. Rama meraskan cengkraman dari kedua tangan Uco melemah dan suara erangan tertahan yang lolos dari bibirnya, membuat hati Rama yang membeku, perlahan retak—yang ia tidak tahu kenapa. Sedangkan dalam benak Uco, walau ia merasakan sakit yang membakar luar biasa, pikirannya tetap terfokus pada apa yang seharusnya ia katakan kepada Rama? Apakah sebaiknya ada pesan terakhir untuk Rama? Tapi… apakah ini semua penting? Mungkin seharusnya gue minta maaf … pikir Uco, tapi ia merasa bahwa perbuatannya sama sekali tidak dapat dimaafkan. Atau lebih baik gue bilang ke dia untuk tetep bertahan? terus berjuang? Tapi Uco sadar, mungkin yang terburuk sudah dilewati Rama. Ia sudah sangat kuat, terlalu kuat. Dia yakin Yuda alias Rama yang ia kenal, pasti bisa melakukan apapun kedepannya nanti. Uco sudah tidak mampu lagi menahan tubuhnya, dan perlahan tubuhnya merosot ke bawah. Tapi, dengan kekuatan terakhirnya, ia menepuk bahu Rama tanpa mengucapkan apa-apa sebelum pandangannya gelap. Kemudian ia sadar, sebelumnya Rama mencium pipinya dengan lembut dan sekilas, lalu melepaskan pegangannya dan membiarkan tubuh Uco jatuh ke bawah kakinya. Setelah ia yakin bahwa Uco sudah pergi untuk selamanya, Rama—yang tidak mau menatap tubuh Uco yang sudah tidak bernyawa di bawah kakinya—menyeret kedua kakinya yang terasa seperti di paku ke bumi. Membawa sisa-sisa perasaan dan kekuatan terakhir yang masih ada di raganya, walau mungkin jiwanya sudah entah kemana. Seperti halnya, hanya butuh hitungan detik bagi Uco memutuskan takdir untuk nyawanya sendiri, namun hanya butuh waktu secepat hembusan angin kematian itu menyambutnya. . . . Dan aku hanyalah angin, namun kau selalu dapat menyentuhku. . . . . . [ END ] [Author's note] Last edited: 28/10/2016. Thank you so much for your time and the love for this story. I can't be more grateful than this. c: ","Summary":" Gelap malam tidak segelap matamu, Mata yang memandangku di tengah doa. Aku akan selalu mempertanyak"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Little Monster (Sugar, Coin, and The Underworld's Side Story)","Author":"chocofit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12305406","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Author's Note] So, this is the one-shot I talked about in chapter 8 of Sugar, Coin, and The Underworld. As I mentioned there, I watched Headshot and happened to ship Ishmael/Abdi (Iko's role) with Besi (Very's role). Yet it would take too long for me to proceed the request to add Headshot in category, so I prefer writing something in The Raid instead. But, nope. I have always wanted to write this story since long ago, honestly. LOL. Before I watched Headshot, I've shipped Iko and Very, which makes me write about their lovely friendship in the main story. But then I thought about things, and some of the boys in my class were being intimate in a chat group that makes me inspired lol and then I saw videos of Iko and Very interacting intimately as well, so how can I help myself again? I've always wanted to set Very as Rama's first love. Long, long before Uco. The Raid Saga © PT. Merantau Films Jinx © DNCE \"Ram, this is Very,\" Bejo stood across the gymnastic door together with a little boy. Rama blinked twice. He was busy training his fist and kicks with the sand sack in the small gymnastic built at the backyard of Bejo's house. The upcoming pencak silat sectional championship for high school was close that he thought getting trained at school is not enough. \"Oh,\" he finally talked, \"Yeah?\" Bejo chuckled while Rama tilted his head. This Bejo guy was his brother's best friend, but the best term to describe him apparently was 'boss'. An apron still lingered on his waist, which makes Rama realize that he was in the middle of baking something in his own kitchen. \"Very, come here,\" Bejo called the little boy, who walks slowly right away, \"C'mon, introduce yourself properly. This is Rama, he will take care of your training.\" Oh, so now I have an apprentice? Rama furrowed his eyebrow. The little boy across him was smaller than him. His timid eyes ran around the gymnastic, and when he looked at Rama's, he ducked right away. His hair was messy and a little too long for a middle school student. \"He's a little shy, Ram,\" Bejo caressed Very's hair, \"But, I know you can handle him. He's just graduated from middle school and will be enrolled in your school, so, yeah, he's your junior.\" \"I see,\" Rama smiled enthusiastically. Hearing that this little guy would be his so-called apprentice and even better, he would be his junior at school, made him excited. He was just going to be in third grade of high school, but all Bejo's subordinates were much older than him that he felt much more delighted to finally have someone closer to his age around. \"Hi, I'm Rama,\" he stretched out his hand to Very, \"Let's get along, okay?\" Very started to raise his head and look at Rama's face. He nodded and smiled slightly. \"P-please do,\" he shook Rama's hand timidly, \"I-I…would bother you from now on.\" Oh, dear, he is not only cute but also very well-mannered. \"You arrived?\" Rama waved to give a sign to his coach that he would need a little break. The coach nodded. \"Y-yes,\" Very replied, \"I'm at the gate.\" They were talking on the phone. Right after technical training, Rama's phone was ringing and it was Very calling. They set a promise to meet at Rama's school in order to assist Very with the registration and location check. Tomorrow was the first day of school. \"Okay, I'm on my way,\" Rama ended the call and walked faster. He waved to some of his friends from Student Council who gathered to hold a briefing for the welcoming ceremony of new students tomorrow. He soon arrived at the gate and caught Very right away, but he furrowed his brow right away as well. Very was standing outside the opened gate, wearing a neat grey tee, which must be new, and slim-fit black jeans. His hair was shorter and looked very well-groomed, he must have got a haircut just now. The wind blew his bangs slightly, and unlike what Rama saw at the first time, Very's hair was actually soft when it was not messy. He is dead cute, everyone would scream over him tomorrow . Rama chuckled as he walked. \"Hey,\" he tapped on Very's shoulder. Very turned his head and smiled. \"Oh, hi,\" he looked relieved before he winced and looked worried, \"W-wait…I-I'm not interrupting your important training, right?\" he asked with many concerns as he saw Rama was still sweating in his black pencak silat uniform. \"Nooo,\" Rama laughed as his hand impulsively caressed Very's hair, \"Ha-ha, stop being so stiff, I'm in the middle of break now,\" as expected, his hair is such a soft soufflé. Darn, I'm hungry. \"Oh, good then,\" Very sighed and smiled again, \"I'm bringing my registration form, so-,\" \"How about a brunch first?\" asked Rama, for it was already 10AM and he was exhausted from a training he had since two hours ago, \"The canteen has a nice strawberry pie, you like it, right?\" \"Yes!\" Very nodded enthusiastically, \"Like the one Mr. Bejo served yesterday, right?\" Yesterday, Bejo held a simple tea time at his terrace. He served earl grey tea and some fruit pies, one of them was strawberry pie. Rama and Very were both there, together with Andi, Rama's big brother who also becomes his boss now. \"Oh, no, not that good,\" Rama laughed again as they both walked in together, \"You can't compare any sweets with Chef Bejo's, I think. But-,\" \"Eh?\" Very was surprised, \"Mr. Bejo is a chef?\" he asked. \"One of the best pattissiers, I bet,\" Rama replied, \"He must haven't told you about it, but he will. Right now, he must want you to just focus on school and the silat training.\" \"I-I want to…learn baking,\" Very stared at Rama's eyes, \"Can I?\" \"Sure,\" replied Rama as he winced, \"But why?\" \"Ah, it's just…,\"Very scratched his head timidly, \"I once helped a candy craft seller, but then he…died, and I never touched cooking utensils again since then. Ha-ha, don't take me seriously, okay? I-I'm just carried away,\" he smiled shyly. Candy craft? Rama rolled his eyes and smiled. I must tell Bejo and my brother about this. A semester had passed. Rama just won the national championship, and finally he could get some rest from all the trainings. Still, he was requested to supervise Very's training in Bejo's gymnastics nearly everyday, including today, that brings him to the gymnastic this afternoon. He walked as he heard the sound of beaten sand sack, making him recognizes right away that it must be Very training his fist. He showed up at the door and was surprised of what he sees. Very was training as expected, but not with his fist. He was using a wooden baseball bat instead, and Rama was amazed to see how skillful Very's arms handle the bat. The bat grip whirled artistically within his palms without ever falling, as it hit the sand sack harder and harder. Sweats rolling down his forehead, face, and neck, but he did not seem to plan to stop beating the sack soon. Rama gulped as he saw Very's eyes. The usual innocence did not exist anywhere. He was in charge of Very's training since they first met, but never he saw those monstrous eyes before. The shy Very was nowhere to be found, instead he had been replaced with this hungry little wolf. Soon Rama realized that the baseball bat was Very's choice of weapon. The baseball bat was the one that makes Very a fighter. \"Wow,\" he said after Very stopped beating the sack, surprising the little guy, \"Looks like you've made the decision,\" he glanced at the bat that Very held. \"Oh-,\" Very raised the bat, \"This—ah, ha-ha, I just happen to-,\" he wiped sweats on his forehead timidly. His innocent eyes had been returned as if the monster left his body. Rama stared at him before he smiled. It only took six months for Very to master nearly all the silat moves he taught him, and he even did way better with a weapon. His first apprentice has exceeded beyond his expectation. And not only that, Andi reported to him last night about how this little guy crafted caramels in Bejo's kitchen almost as fast as the lecturers in sugarcraft department of a baking academy where Andi works did. \"I-I'm going to get a drink,\" yet still he is as shy and stiff as ever , \"You want it?\" \"I'll get that for you,\" Rama impulsively wiped a sweat on Very's forehead with his right fingers, \"You must be tired, just get some rest.\" Rama left the gymnastic and walked in Bejo's house. He went to the kitchen right away to find the fridge and took two bottles of mineral water off it, and he almost closed the door when his eyes caught a small ferris wheel made of brown caramels on the first rack of the fridge. \"Holy shit…,\" there's no way Bejo or Andi can do this, this must be his work. Rama took the crafted caramel carefully and brought them to his eyes. He blinked. It was a perfect creation. Every detail was considered carefully, even every smallest part was made thick that they did not break easily. He held his breath again to see how an amazing kid his apprentice is. He smiled and put it back to the fridge. With a lot of admiration, he walked back to the gymnastic, ready to shower Very with compliments. But when he arrived, the adorable guy was not waiting for him. He fell asleep when sitting down at the corner across the hanging sand sack. Watching such a view, Rama stepped in slowly that he would not wake Very up. He crouched before he kneeled next to the sleeping guy who was snoring softly. The sound of the snore showed how he was actually tired because of the intense training he did with the baseball bat. Meanwhile, the weapon itself lay right next to Very's left arm. Rama put down the bottles and watched Very's face closer. The sleeping guy did not move an inch, only snoring, all defenseless, making Rama consciously stretch out his fingers to wipe sweat off Very's forehead and touched his soft bangs. He was always the cute kid that it did not even matter if he sometimes turns to a baseball bat-wielding monster. A cute monster is not overrated , Rama chuckled. \"I could just kiss you, Little Monster,\" he pinched Very's cheek softly. ","Summary":" [Author's Note] So, this is the one-shot I talked about in chapter 8 of Sugar, Coin, and The Underw"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Kau dan Dia","Author":"Tie19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10250385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Engkau dan dirinya—bagaimanapun juga, memang berbeda. \"Kakak!\" Derap langkah kaki disusul dengan satu sahutan keras membuat Andi menoleh, sebuah senyum tipis tersungging di bibirnya mendapati sosok adiknya, Rama, yang kini berdiri beberapa meter di belakangnya, dengan nafas tersengal-sengal sehabis berlari. Rama mengangkat kepalanya, air matanya terlihat menggenang-jelas-jelas adiknya itu menahan tangis. \"Ada apa?\" Kalimat tanya itu terlontar dengan begitu manis dari bibir Andi, dan Rama merasakan sesuatu di dalam dadanya bagai teriris sesuatu. Sakit. \"Kakak mau ke mana? Pulang, kak,\" Rama membalas, nadanya membujuk. Andi masih tersenyum, namun ia tak beranjak barang satu mili pun dari tempat berpijaknya. \"Mau pulang ke mana? Aku diusir dari rumah sama bapak,\" Andi menyahut, masih dengan senyum tipis yang dari tadi dikenakannya itu. \"Mau pulang, mau nggak pulang, sama aja, kan? Malah mending nggak pulang.\" \"Tapi kak, bapak salah paham, biar nanti aku jelasin—\" \"—jelasin apa?\" Andi memotong, dan Rama pun bungkam. \"Jelasin apa, Rama? Soal—kau yang memintaku untuk melakukan hal tadi? Menciummu?\" Entah apa, sesuatu yang terkandung dalam nada yang dilontarkan Andi membuat hati Rama sakit. \"Kak...\" \"Kalo kamu jelasin ke bapak, kamu juga diusir dari rumah,\" Andi menambahkan, kakinya bergerak untuk meninggalkan tempatnya berpijak tadi untuk mendekat ke arah adiknya. \"Kalau kamu diusir dari rumah juga, siapa yang bisa dibanggain bapak sama ibu?\" Rama terdiam, dan Andi tersenyum lagi. Jarak antara kedua saudara itu kini nyaris tak ada, mungkin hanya beberapa senti sebelum hidung mereka benar-benar bersentuhan. \"Cukup aku yang pergi, jangan kamu juga,\" Andi berbisik, jemarinya bergerak untuk menyentuh pipi adiknya itu, mungkin untuk yang terakhir kalinya. \"Karena kamu bisa jadi kebanggaan bapak sama ibu.\" \"... Kak—\" \"Rama,\" Andi memotong, senyum tipis itu kembali lagi. \"Aku mencintaimu.\" Keheningan menyapa, dan dalam hitungan detik, bibir kedua saudara itu bertemu. Hanya untuk sepersekian detik, sebelum sang kakak melepaskan kontak singkat mereka. Sebuah senyum pahit menggantikan senyum tipis yang sedari tadi dikenakannya. \"Sayang, ini terlarang.\" Air mata Rama menetes ketika Andi mengecup pipinya untuk terakhir kalinya, sebelum kemudian sang kakak berbalik arah dan melangkah lebih jauh. Rama sungguh ingin mengejarnya, untuk membawa Andi kembali ke rumah mereka-namun, Rama hanya bisa menutup matanya sebelum terisak di tempatnya. Tidak akan ada lagi canda dan tawa antara mereka sehabis ini. Dan kemudian tahun berlalu. Kau tetap hilang tak berbekas, bagai ilusi dari masa laluku. Kemudian kau datang lagi. Mewarnai duniaku kembali. Lalu kau hilang lagi. Namun, kali ini, untuk selamanya. \"Yudha?\" Nama itu membangunkan Rama. Ia mengerjap, mendapati dirinya berada dalam pelukan seorang lelaki yang lebih tinggi darinya. \"Mimpi buruk?\" Lelaki itu—Uco meletakkan ibu jarinya di pipi Rama, mengusap-usap bekas air mata di pipi lelaki itu. Rama masih mengerjap, seakan kebingungan dengan apa yang terjadi. \"Mimpi apa?\" Pertanyaan Uco kali ini terjawab, meski Rama hanya menjawabnya dengan menggeleng. Sebuah senyum tipis tersungging di bibir Rama. \"Bukan apa-apa,\" jawab Rama, yang memejamkan matanya dan bersandar pada dada bidang Uco sekarang. \"Mimpi soal masa lalu.\" Kini giliran Uco yang diam, seakan tak tahu mau menjawab atau merespon bagaimana. Rama menarik nafas dalam-dalam sebelum menghembuskannya perlahan, dan Uco perlahan meletakkan tangannya di punggung Rama. \"Kau tahu,\" Uco bergumam, jemarinya bergerak untuk mengusap punggung Rama. \"Kalau kau ada masalah, aku ingin tahu.\" \"Masalah yang ini, aku nggak ingin kasih tahu,\" balas Rama, membuka matanya lagi dan menatap ke arah manik gelap Uco. Pria itu menatapnya dengan tatapan hangat, sesuatu yang bisa dilihatnya pada diri Andi entah berapa tahun yang lalu itu. Uco menghela nafas, sebelum kemudian bergerak untuk mengecup dahi Rama dengan lembut. \"Terserah kamu saja, deh,\" gumam Uco, jemarinya yang tadi bermain di punggung Rama kini berpindah untuk bermain di surai pendek Rama. \"Dan kita harus siap-siap. Bapak mau ketemu kamu hari ini.\" Rama mengangguk, dan Uco perlahan menariknya duduk. Meskipun mereka sudah dalam posisi duduk, tak ada yang bergerak untuk beranjak dari posisi masing-masing untuk pergi ke kamar mandi untuk membersihkan diri. Uco menarik tubuh Rama ke tubuhnya dengan perlahan, jemari panjangnya kembali bermain dengan rambut pendek Rama. Rama hanya memejamkan mata, menikmati irama detak jantung Uco yang kini berada di bawah telinganya. \"Aku mencintaimu.\" Dua kata, tujuh silabe yang membentuk satu kalimat itu membuat Rama mendongak dari posisinya. Uco tersenyum, dan Rama tergoda untuk membalas senyum itu. \"Aku juga.\" Perlahan, Uco menghapus jarak antara mereka. Dan dengan lembut, jarak antara bibir mereka menjadi tiada, digantikan dengan sentuhan lembut antara bibir dengan bibir. Memang tidak berlangsung lama, namun Rama tidak merasakan hal yang sama dengan hal yang terjadi di masa lalunya. Ia tidak merasakan rasa sakit yang menusuk jauh di dalam hatinya, ia tidak merasakan sesuatu yang membuatnya menangis karena ciuman itu, ia tidak merasakan nafasnya menjadi sesak karena aksi singkat yang diberi Uco itu. Pagi itu, semua yang terjadi tidak berakhir dengan isak tangis dan air mata, melainkan senyuman lembut dan kehangatan. \"Aku mencintaimu, Uco.\" Tidak ada sakit yang kurasa. Tidak ada air mata yang menetes setelah kata sayang. Tidak ada tangis setelah tawa. Tidak ada suara amarah setelah kecupan. Bagaimanapun, segalanya berbeda sekarang. ~fin Note : ...Shit, ini apaan ya. Niat bikin angst tapi tak mampu, maafkan saya ;w;) Dan ini lahir karena saya masih sering mikirin soal AndiRama dan belum bisa sepenuhnya move on dari fakta kalau Andi udah mati orz Anyway, saya sudah lama nggak bikin fanfic bahasa Indonesia. Mohon maaf kalau bahasanya gak enak dan kalau ada typo di sana-sini ;w; Also, this is my first fic here! Salam kenal semuanya~ ","Summary":" Engkau dan dirinya—bagaimanapun juga, memang berbeda. \"Kakak!\" Derap langkah kaki disusul dengan "},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"The Call (Salvation Sanctuary's Side Story)","Author":"chocofit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10610134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Author's Note] Finally I can publish this spin off of Salvation Sanctuary! This story happened before Uco came to the dormitory high school, just to show what people feel about his coming. Actually, based on this story, and also the serial, I can put a side title to Salvation Sanctuary which is Everybody Loves Uco ._. well, please take your time to read because this one is very short! and please review as well! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Find You © Zedd ft. Matthew Koma & Miriam Bryant BAM! Andi was slammed to the wall of a small gymnastic in his house. Rama had just punched his belly hardly, and he alone looked shocked afterwards. \"Whoa~,\" Andi stood off the wall, \"You're getting better everyday,\" he caressed Rama's hair. \"Uh, I'm sorry for that one eheheh…,\" he chuckled as he felt guilty. He had just accompanied his brother for an extra exercise because Andi would go to national pencak silat championship. Their dorm school, Putih Abu-Abu High School, had some days off because of a long weekend. \"Eew, come on,\" Andi furrowed his eyebrow, \"What's with that formality?\" they both laughed and punched each other slightly. Andi was two years older than Rama, a third grader who was also a pencak silat champion at school who had been trained since he entered middle school. Rama, the younger brother, also had been trained pencak silat at his same year, yet he had not been a champion. \"Say, how was the mid-test?\" asked Rama as they both walked off the gymnastic. Andi sighed. He was not really good at academic. \"Are you quipping at me?\" he returned. Rama laughed. \"Well, at least you're the silat champion,\" he teased. Andi splashed some water from the washing stand, made Rama laugh harder. Although sometimes mischievous, Rama was very cheerful and innocent. Since Rama was brought into life, Andi had promised himself to always take good care and protect him, even though it might cost his life. They both took seats in dining room, drinking some mineral water after training. They both looked at their own phones that they left on the dining table before they went to the gymnastic. \"Oh, Senior Eka was calling,\" said Rama when he checked his phone, \"I wonder why,\" he called back using a video call. Andi moved his seat closer to Rama so that they both could talk with Eka. \"Hey, Ram,\" said Eka on the screen. He smiled, and unlike the calm him that he was used to be, he looked somehow a little bit more excited. Eka was a picture perfect. He was a top student in second grade, a Student Council Secretary, as well as he was an archery champion at school. He was the Headmaster's one and only son, that might be why. \"Hi, Senior,\" replied Rama, \"What's with the call? Sorry, I was helping my brother training.\" \"Training?\" Eka furrowed his eyebrow, \"With you? Senior Andi, isn't that cheating that a champion fights a junior?\" he teased. He saw Andi on the screen with Rama as well. Andi laughed. \"Cheating my ass!\" he chuckled, \"We ended up the training with him slamming me to the wall using his \"junior\" fist,\" Andi made apostrophe sign using his fingers. Eka laughed as Rama chuckled. \"Okay, okay, enough talking as athletes,\" Eka chuckled, \"I was calling to tell you, Rama, that you'll have a roommate per next Monday,\" he said excitedly. Rama was stunned. Andi rolled his eyes. \"Keiichi?\" asked Andi. He knew that among all male first graders, the only students whose room only consisting of one person were Rama and Keiichi. Bejo, his roommate whom was also Student Council President, told him that Rama and Keiichi were not placed as roommates to fill the room quota. \"No,\" replied Eka, \"He's a transferred student. His name is Uco. Um…,\" \"What?\" asked Rama excitedly. He had always wanted a roommate since he first entered that dorm school, but his request was not granted by Bangun, the headmaster. He was a little bit down, but he was cheered enough to get close with Keiichi, the other student without roommate. \"He's a…well, difficult person,\" replied Eka, \"I mean he's not friendly with people, but basically he's a good kid. And smart, too,\" said Eka. He looked excited again. Rama and Andi looked at each other before they looked back at the screen. \"Ah, I don't care!\" said Rama cheerfully, \"I just want a roommate and now that I get it, I'll try my best to be his friend!\" Andi and Eka laughed to hear Rama's reaction. For a moment they thought Rama would complain or whine, but to see him responding that cheerfully excited, they blamed themselves to ever forget that it was Rama they were talking with. And since he was too excited, he left Andi and Eka on the phone and stood off his chair, doing some moonwalks. \"Just for your information, Ka,\" Andi directed Rama's phone screen to where Rama danced so that Eka could see and burst to laughter. \"If he can dance like that to hear about a roommate, I believe I can leave Uco with him,\" Eka wiped little tears from his eyes. He laughed too hard until he burst into tears. \"My brother's a good kid,\" said Andi, \"I bet USD 10 for one person who doesn't surrender with him. That Uco guy might be difficult, but let's see.\" \"I'm not going to bet that,\" said Eka, \"They will get along. I know they will.\" \"Who's this Uco anyway? Your brother?\" asked Andi. Eka looked a bit surprised but he shook. \"No,\" he said, \"He's a distant relative, but we're not brothers.\" While Andi and Eka were still talking, Rama already forgot about the phone call. He was too excited and he could not wait for the upcoming Monday. He had a feeling that his life would turn a lot more fun with a roommate in his dorm room. He could not wait any longer to meet Uco. ","Summary":" [Author's Note] Finally I can publish this spin off of Salvation Sanctuary! This story happened bef"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Sabuk Hitam","Author":"Viloh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12395159","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : The Raid selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T kayaknya Genre: Action, Drama, gore dikitlah Sebagian nama tempat dan kejadian di fic ini hanyalah fiktif, rekayasa sob. Semua adegan perkelahian di dalam fic ini jangan ditiru di rumah ya. . . Sabuk Hitam . . Di malam Jumat kliwon pukul petang seorang pria bernama Mat gondrong menggiring dua puluh bocah labil masuk ke lapangan. Mereka semua berpakaian gelap-gelap, nyeker anti pakai sepatu dan yang terpenting berani mati. Malam telah datang sehingga gerombolan kabut dingin berarak muncul dari balik lereng bukit Candrawinangsih ketika Mat gondrong tampak kerepotan mengatur barisan. Para bocah remaja diatur agar barisannya rapi membentuk garis horizontal dan beberapa menit kemudian langsung diajari main pukul-pukulan. Mat gondrong memang paling senior diantara bocah-bocah itu sebab sudah hampir empat belas tahun ia berguru di padepokan silat Ranggawangi. Oleh karenanya sampai sekarang ilmunya sudah setinggi Gatotkacha, ilmu jiwa raga, kebatinan serta kecongkakan ada padanya. Maka dengan berbekal kemampuan multigaya miliknya, Mat gondrong jadi sangat senang hati memplonco bocah-bocah edan didikannya di lapangan. Ia diberi kekuasaan untuk menciptakan calon pendekar-pendekar muda. Dari sekian bocah di lapangan, di antara barisan itu ada dua pemuda bersaudara namanya Andi dan Rama. Mereka sedang menempa ilmu pencak silat kanuragan di padepokan Ranggawangi. Padepokan ini letaknya di bawah lereng bukit Candrawinangsih belakang gunung Pasutri yang tidak terlalu nampak di peta, buram serta gak jelas. Mencari letaknya perlu keyakinan maupun kerja keras, sebab ada perbukitan lebat dan tebing-tebing bebatuan terjal mengelilingi. Isu-isunya kebanyakan orang awam yang nekat mencari tempat ini tanpa jasa penunjuk jalan akan mudah kesasar, salah kompas atau mati. Setelahnya jasad bagi mereka yang mati juga akan menghilang tak berwujud menjadi santapan makhluk penunggu lereng bukit Candrawinangsih. Sekarang merupakan tahun ke lima Andi dan Rama belajar pencak silat di padepokan. Ilmu mereka sudah cukup tinggi, dijajal latih tanding melawan tiga atau dua teman seperguruan pasti dijamin lawannya langsung klenger semua. Rama si adik memiliki gerakan silat lebih gesit daripada abangnya. Kembangannya mantap, tangannya menari-nari luwes serta serangannya agresif. Ia juga punya jurus andalan namanya gerakan gesit macan gering menerkam. Nama jurus andalannya aneh namun dua hari lalu berhasil membuat salah seorang kawan seperguruannya KO terkapar, hidungnya sampai patah mimisan. Perlu diketahui bahwa murid-murid padepokan datang dari berbagai daerah di Nusantara. Mereka berasal dari latar belakang yang berbeda, propinsi, ningrat atau jelata tak ada bedanya sebab semuanya tetap terkena hajar habis-habisan. Walaupun wajah-wajah bau kencur itu tampak seperti domba tapi keteguhan hati para murid padepokan sangatlah tahan banting. Berbeda latar belakang, budaya serta nasib mereka sama-sama punya satu tujuan penting. Tak pernah tergoyahkan tujuan utama mereka ialah sabuk hitam. \"Rama lu siap-siap! Bentar lagi kita latihan tanding.\" Mat gondrong seniornya memberikan perintah. Seketika itu pula bocah-bocah lainnya ikut menghentikan gerakan. Dimulainya latihan tanding berarti uji nyali sebenarnya telah ditentukan. Rama dan lawannya mendapat giliran pertama. Semenit sebelum latihan tanding bocah-bocah berjajar membentuk lingkaran lumayan besar. Di tengah lingkaran merupakan arena pertarungan. Latih tanding belum dimulai namun bisik-bisik sudah terdengar dimana-mana. Bocah-bocah menyangka Rama pasti menang lagi. \"Ram, lu hajar terus aja lawannya. Tinju lu kan udah kayak logam, jadi gak usah sungkan-sungkan. Gua harap kali ini si Jubrik lawan lu, gua udah enek liat mukanya.\" Andi menyenggol lengan Rama, ia tepat berada di samping adiknya. Tak lama kemudian ia celingak-celinguk mengamati situasi lapangan. \"Ah, berisik lu bang,\" Rama bergumam, padahal dari tadi ia sudah keluar keringat dingin. Setiap ada latih tanding Rama selalu merinding, bukan hanya untuk kena hajar tapi juga menghajar. Dua hari lalu ia sudah bikin lawannya klenger mimisan. Kemudian semenitpun akhirnya berlalu, Mat gondrong berdiri di tengah-tengah lingkaran. Rama tahu diri sehingga ia langsung berjalan menghampirinya. Sementara bocah-bocah lainnya malah komat-kamit sibuk berdoa. Mereka berdoa sampai ototnya tegang. Setelah berdiri di tengah lingkaran Mat gondrong bersuara dan bola matanya mengawasi. Kali ini ia ingin lawannya Rama benar-benar tumbang. Sepertinya Mat gondrong agak dendam, ia masih mengawasi terus sehingga bola matanya seperti mau copot. Akhirnya ia menemukan lawannya Rama, menentukan pilihannya serta tepat sasaran. \"Andi lu maju jadi lawan tandingnya Rama.\" Mendengar perintah seniornya Andi langsung kaget setengah mati, terlebih lagi Rama dan terlebih-lebih lagi para bocah lainnya. Sebagian bocah yang semula berdoa ingin sujud syukur, Andi sedang sial tadi ia tak mau ikutan komat-kamit berdoa. Padahal hasilnya jelas. \"Tapi saya saudaranya bang,\" kata Andi tak tenang. Hatinya sedang naik turun, meskipun ia tahu bahwa nantinya hanya bisa pasrah. Lalu Mat gondrong berjalan menghampirinya. Ia bermaksud mendiskriminasi Andi. Tujuannya sedikit tercapai. \"Ini cuma latih tanding! Kalau gua suruh lu mampusin dia, baru lu bisa protes.\" Andi mendongak melihat wajah seniornya. Ia cukup tersudut. \"Tapi mungkin Rama bisa-bisa yang malah mampusin saya.\" Mendengar omongan Andi, Mat gondrong tertawa cekikikan. Kecongkakkannya jadi tambah merajalela. Ia taruh ujung jari telunjuknya ke dahi Andi lalu menekan-nekannya seperti balon. Kepala Andi terpelanting ke belakang, cuma tiga senti. \"Lu pengecut amat, lu abangnya tapi malah penakut. Gak usah banyak protes! Sekarang lu cepetan lawan dia!\" Sementara Andi mendengar ejekan Mat gondrong ia jadi cukup kalut. Tangannya mengepal erat namun tetap ia berusaha tahan sekuat-kuatnya agar tidak dihantamkan. Ia masih tahu tata-krama dunia persilatan. Menghargai yang lebih tua salah satunya. Oleh karenanya Andi berhasil membungkam keinginannya meninju hidung Mat gondrong, lalu ia menyerah dan beranjak dari tempatnya. Akan tetapi di dalam dadanya timbul percikan rasa malu sekaligus benci. \"Okey bang, saya mau lawan dia.\" Andi akhirnya maju jalan masuk ke dalam lingkaran, medan pertarungan. Sorak sorai seolah ingin berdatangan, banyak bocah yang kegirangan tapi lebih memilih diam. Sementara Mat gondrong tampak cengengesan. Sampai di tengah lingkaran Andi melihat wajah Rama yang kusut. Semangat bertarungnya melempem, apalagi sekarang ia tengah diadu tanding melawan abangnya sendiri. \"lu gak papa bang?\" tanya Rama melas. Ia adalah petarung. Andi menghiraukan pertanyaan Rama, ia malah memasang pose kuda-kuda. \"Cepet Ram, kita selesaikan aja,\" pintanya. Kemudian Andi melakukan gerakan kembangan. Tapi Rama masih bengong. Mat gondrong jadi naik pitam sehingga dia pun mendelik, bukan mendelik pada Andi melainkan pada adiknya. Cengengesannya juga menghilang, ia garang lagi. \"Rama cepetan lu lawan Andi!\" bentak Mat gondrong. Dengan ragu-ragu Rama mengikuti perintah seniornya. Kedua tangannya menyilang, ia juga tengah melakukan gerakan kembangan. Kedua telapak kaki mapan berpijak pada tanah, digesrek-gesrek melibas kerikil, kuda-kuda harus kokoh serta tatapan mata fokus. Namun Rama masih saja salah fokus. Selama Rama masih salah fokus tiba-tiba pukulan sabit dari arah kanan dilesatkan. Andi pelakunya, ia sudah berubah drastis. Entah apa yang ada dipikirannya sekarang. Untungnya pukulan tersebut telah membuat insting bertarung Rama langsung aktif, ia peka terhadap serangan. Serangan pukulan sabit yang dilesatkan oleh Andi memang dahsyat tapi kurang cepat sehingga Rama dengan mudah menghindarinya. Cepat-cepat ia melesat ke samping kiri, pukulannya sendiri belum diperlihatkan. Ia suka bimbang. \"Ayo Ram serang gua!\" Andi bersiap-siap melesatkan pukulan sabitnya yang kedua. Rama tetap punya prinsip memasang kuda-kuda, ia masih belum berniat menyerang. Sedangkan Andi terus-terusan menyerang, pukulannya melesat bertubi-tubi. Rama menghindar dan keterusan menghindar, ia gesit seperti bajing. Sampai membikin abangnya ngos-ngosan. Pukulan sabitnya hanya membelah udara. \"Rama, lu ngapain. Ayo jabanin dia!\" Dari pinggir lingkaran Mat gondrong yang tidak sabaran berteriak menggelegar. Keningnya berkerut tebal, rambut panjangnya berkibar-kibar terkena terpaan angin. Dari kejauhan tampangnya tampak sangat mengerikan. Murid-murid padepokan selalu bergidik ketika melihat seniornya itu marah. Desas-desus yang beredar Mat gondrong diduga salah satu keturunan makhluk penunggu lereng bukit Candrawinangsih. Para murid padepokan gemar bergosip. Di saat yang sama Rama terkena jegalan samber gledek abangnya sehingga tubuhnya ambruk membentur tanah. Ketika Mat gondrong meneriakinya tadi matanya jadi meleng, lalu Andi mencuri kesempatan dengan menyapu tungkai kaki adiknya. Adiknya tersungkur, kemudian tanpa basa-basi ia langsung memberikan jurus pukulan seribu. Rama meringis menahan sakit, gusinya ngilu seperti tersengat lebah. Pukulan bertubi bersarang di wajahnya. Ia kelimpungan. \"Edan lu bang,\" batinnya. Tak ingin menahan kesakitan sekian lama Rama mengeluarkan semacam gerakan defensif. Ia tekuk kedua lengannya menutupi wajah. Dari celah yang tersisa ia bisa mengamati wajah abangnya murka. Kemurkaan di wajah abangnya membuat gejolak bertarungnya naik. Tanpa disadarinya sendiri Rama telah menanti-nanti, ia menunggu peluang menghantam rahang abangnya. Ketika pukulan Andi sedikit melemah secepat kilat Rama melihat peluang dan melepaskan jotosan keras. Tidak sampai kena rahang melainkan pipi kanan Andi sehingga membuatnya terpental tiga jengkal ke samping, debu-debu yang digasak bertebangan. Bocah-bocah lainnya menelan ludah, suasananya semakin tegang. Rama bangkit dari tempatnya sembari mengawasi kondisi abangnya. Di pinggir lingkaran Mat gondrong senyam-senyum sendirian. Satu pukulan telak Rama sampai membuat kesadaran Andi oleng. Ia pegangi sendiri kepalanya yang pening dan mengurut-urutnya sekejap. Untungnya jotosan Rama masih mengenai pipinya jika kena rahang ia pasti sudah pingsan. Dengan gontai ia coba menegakkan tubuhnya, Rama sudah berada tepat di depan mata. Tengkuk Andi bergidik. \"Tunjukin semua yang lu punya Ram, percaya aja sama gua,\" kata Andi terbata-bata, ia masih kesulitan mengatur nafas. Sedangkan Rama memasang kembangan lagi, ia tengah bersiap menyerang Andi. Saking semangatnya ia hampir lupa mengatur nafas. Sifat petarung alaminya kembali menyala. Ia jadi tidak rasional. \"Sekarang gua udah percaya sama kemampuan gua bang,\" pekik Rama. Ciaatt. Buukk. Baaak. Rama melesatkan jurus pukulan bayangan ke arah abangnya. Dua sampai lima pukulan beruntun berhasil dilesatkan sekaligus sehingga membuat Andi sempat kualahan, sampai tujuh pukulan beruntun ia masih menangkisnya, sembilan sampai dua belas pukulan membuat tangan serta jari-jarinya mulai terasa kebas. Serangan pukulan bayangan maupun jurus tendangan mengoyak angin atau sapuan puting beliung berusaha ia babat dan dibalas dengan jurus yang serupa. Jika dilihat sekilas gerakan mereka seolah-olah seimbang namun sesungguhnya Andi sangat keteteran. Mengimbangi kecepatan serangan Rama sungguh menguras stamina serta konsentrasi. Salah perhitungan langkah sedikit saja Andi bisa tepar. Karena pencak silat merupakan seni bela diri yang langsung mengincar organ-organ vital. Dulu orang belajar silat untuk bertahan sekaligus mencabut nyawa. Di padepokan ini masih berlaku. Di saat serangan Rama semakin membabi buta konsentrasi Andi malah hampir buyar. Tenaganya sudah terkuras sehingga kali ini adiknya dengan mudah mencekram erat kedua lengannya lalu menguncinya. Rama melakukan cengkraman melalui gerakan jari khusus yang ia pelajari sendiri secara privat hingga membuat lawannya kesulitan melepas. Gerakan itulah yang dinamakan jurus gerakan gesit macan gering menerkam. Menguasai jurusnya memerlukan kombinasi antara kekuatan serta kecepatan serta keganasan. Rama sudah layak uji kompetensi. Seusai melakukan cengkraman mautnya Rama bersiap melesatkan dengkulnya ke atas untuk mengincar juga sekaligus meremukkan wajah Andi. Abangnya yang sejak tadi sudah pasrah sebab tenaganya habis menerima serangan jurus itu dengan sukarela. Setelah terkena hantam keras hidungnya Andi dipastikan mimisan, darah segar muncrat merembes keluar, tubuhnya ambruk terkapar. Sebagian penonton di pinggir lingkaran memilih bungkam, mereka tahu kekuatan Rama bertambah edan. Ambulan harus segera merapat, Andi lagi butuh pertolongan. Nguing-nguing para bocah anggota P3k bergerak cepat tanggap. Inisiatif mereka menggotong tubuh Andi keluar arena pertempuran. Lalu ia diselonjorkan di atas kursi gedek, wajahnya dikompres es batu dan diciprati air jampi-jampian. Airnya berkasiat menangkal segala macam penyakit. Penyakit malu serta harga diri juga bisa ditolong. Itu kata manis iklan di Tv, tapi orang-orang di padepokan tetap percaya. Sedangkan Rama mengawasi tubuh abangnya yang sedang di tangani dari kejauhan. Jantungnya berdebar-debar, ia komat-kamit mengucap doa agar Andi lekas siuman. Tiba-tiba Mat gondrong muncul dari belakang, tidak begitu diharapkan ia berbisik. \"Selamat ya Ram, lu emang calon pendekar terbaik di padepokan.\" Rama diam saja, sepatah kata tak ia keluarkan. Tapi Mat gondrong santai saja, tujuan bejatnya telah tercapai. Secara terselubung ia ingin menyingkirkan Andi memperoleh sabuk hitam. Rama dikambing hitamkan. Latih tanding jilid dua cepat-cepat digelar. Mat gondrong pura-pura tidak tahu. . . Esok harinya Rama mendapat giliran mencari persediaan. Ia harus pergi ke desa menuruni lereng bukit Candrawinangsih. Rama berangkat subuh, pagi buta agar barang-barang yang dicarinya di pasar masih komplit. Selama di perjalanan ia melewati pohon-pohon tinggi dan lebat. Setiap melompati akar pohon yang besar ia sagat waspada sebab terkadang ular sanca berukuran raksasa bersembunyi di sana, sedang keenakan menyamar atau sedang kawin. Sekarang tengah musim kemarau panjang maka banyak binatang-binatang buas turun gunung mencari korban. Langitnya sungguh cerah, jadinya para makhluk di gunung perutnya pada keroncongan. Rama selalu terus waspada, makhluk buas akan sangat mengerikan saat kelaparan. Sebetulnya yang tidak buas juga sama saja. Jalanan setapak terlalu makadam, terjal banyak unduk-undukan serta banyak akar pohon yang malang melintang. Saat melintasi tepian jurang yang curam Rama bergerak cepat tapi tetap hati-hati. Setiap kali terdengar suara desingan ganjil atau krasak-krusuk ia akan reflek segera celingukan ke kanan kiri. Bola matanya awas mengamati situasi di sekelilingnya. Ia tak ingin mati mendadak. Pada dasarnya Rama dan abangnya memang bukanlah bocah kampung lereng bukit, mereka tinggal di kota metropolitan serta modern, Jakarta pasca milenium tahun 2006. Namun setiap liburan mereka akan mendaki lereng bukit Candrawinangsih untuk menempa ilmu silat kanuragan. Sudah lima tahun mereka belajar ilmu, dan dua hari lagi tiba saatnya memperoleh sabuk hitam. Saat ini para murid padepokan yang merasa akan naik pangkat pada puyeng semua sebab tanggung jawab lebih berat akan segera dipikul. Begitu pula Rama, begitu pula Andi. Setelah tujuh koma lima kilo menempuh jarak menuruni lereng bukit akhirnya Rama sampai di dataran. Peluhnya menetes ketika Matahari merangkak naik, tepat pada pukul enam kabut-kabut lenyap. Seusai puas membilas keringat menggunakan sapu tangan katunnya Rama begegas mencari desa yang tersembunyi, nama desanya Tombaklegi. Desa tersebut juga misterius sebab pernah menjadi medan pertempuran ksatria gagah berani untuk memperebutkan tanah Jawa. Di salah satu tempat keramat di desa juga disembunyikan senjata sakti yang ditempa dari perunggu suci. Senjata pamungkas ini disinyalir milik pendekar sakti mandraguna aliran putih dan mampu menenangkan para arwah penasaran dari prajurit-prajurit kerajaan yang tewas akibat pertempuran. Dulu pas main-main di warnet Rama pernah browsing di internet explorer lalu selancar pada bagian primbon, sambil manggut-manggut ia mengetahui bahwa jawaban mitosnya bukanlah hoax. Maka ketika ia mengingat arwah-arwah penasaran itu bulu kuduknya jadi merinding. Rama merupakan penakluk ilmu seni bela diri tulen tidaklah sama dengan dukun ilmu klenik. Dari lubuk hatinya ia jadi ingin update status di friendster tapi sayangnya kurang jaringan. Namun untuk mengantisipasi ketakutannya itu, tadi sangat pagi buta sebelum siap-siap berangkat ia sudah menyiapkan peta agar tidak kesasar. Sebab hari ini pertamakalinya Rama sang jagoan mendapat tugas mencari persediaan. Kemampuannya telah di rasa cukup menuruni lereng bukit sendirian. Ia pemuda berumur enam belas tahun belum banyak pengalaman. Sementara di dalam petunjuk petanya Desa Tombaklegi memiliki gapura tinggi kembar ukir-ukiran ular naga melingkar saling berhadapan di jalan masuknya. Oleh karena peta miliknya saat ini Rama sudah berhasil tiba di depan lokasi gapuranya, lalu tanpa pikir panjang ia langsung masuk ke dalam desa. Di dalam desa telah ramai, cemerlang, sebagian dari penduduk lokal sibuk berjualan sayur-mayur atau membuka kedai. Pertama-tama Rama memilih meluncur mencari toko penjual bubuk kopi hitam. Harap dimaklumi kalau tetua maupun guru besar hobinya ngopi, jadi jangan sampai persedian kopi di padepokan menipis. Resikonya bikin ngeri. Hampir genap dua jam berkeliling pasar sembari menenteng tas belanjaan akhirnya tenggorokan Rama kekeringan. Di warung pojok pertigaan mak-mak pemilik warung tengah duduk santai di kursi kayu sambil kipasan. Terkena tebasan angin tusuk konde si mak-mak menancap berantakan namun dagangan yang disajikannya tampak menggiurkan. Buah semangka merah segar diiris-iris berbentuk segitiga disajikan di atas nampan dan ditutupi plastik. Rama jelas tergiur melihat jejeran buah semangka itu. Sebelum air liurnya menetes secepat kilat ia bergerak menuju ke warung. Saking haus dahaga, ia menjadi kalap tak sabaran. Gara-gara itu ketika menyeberangi jalan pertigaan matanya meleng, ia hampir menubruk gerobak yang memuat karung beras. Roda gerobak asli terbuat dari rotan tebal. Rama nyaris celaka. Tapi karena kesaktian ilmu bela dirinya, Rama dengan cekatan bisa salto kebelakang. Aksinya cukup heroik. Si bapak-bapak penarik gerobak meringis melihat aksi akrobatik Rama. Ia ingin tertawa sekaligus marah. Salah, tertawa lebih utama. \"Ati-ati kalo liat jalan den bagus! Daerah di sini rawan,\" kata si bapak. Seusai berakrobatik Rama malah cengar-cengir. Ia bocah remaja yang sopan. \"Iya. Maapin saya pak, lain kali saya akan hati-hati.\" Lalu bapak penarik gerobak tersenyum sekilas dan menarik gerobak muatan berasnya pergi meninggalkan Rama. Ia takut kena sial. Untuk sejenak Rama jadi pusat perhatian. Warga kampung lokal terhibur oleh aksinya, ada yang tepuk tangan meriah, ada yang bengong saja namun ada pula yang mengikuti gerakan saltonya. Saat datang kemari ternyata hiruk pikuk di desa lebih menawan ketimbang kemisteriusannya. Orang-orang awam telah salah tafsir. Sampai di depan warung Rama masih disambut oleh suka cita si mak-mak pemilik warung. Kerongkongannya tambah mengering. \"Ciamik bener, aden jago silat ya? Hampir dilindes gerobak beras tapi masih sehat walafiat. Loncat-loncatan lagi,\" puji mak pemilik warung. Ia mengacungkan jempolnya. Mendengar pujian mak pemilik warung Rama lantas senyam-senyum. \"Saya ini murid di padepokan Ranggawangi mak.\" Mak pemilik warung langsung manggut-manggut. \"Oo... pantes aden jago silat, wajah aden juga kayak tukang tempur. Lebam-lebam semua,\" ujar mak pemilik paham. Kemudian ia mengipasi dirinya lagi. Pakai kipas sate kualitas nomor satu, dibikin dari anyaman bambu. \"Ngomong-ngomong semangka ini seiris dijual berapa mak?\" tanya Rama tak sabaran. Si mak pemilik spontan memandangi barang dagangannya, ia mendelik. \"Murah den, cuma lima ratus. Lima keping koin seratus.\" \"Kalo gitu saya beli enam iris mak dibungkus kantong kresek.\" Mak pemilik warung tampak kegirangan, dengan semangat empat lima ia mulai membungkus semangka-semangka itu. Sedangkan Rama duduk menunggu di kursi, telapak tangannya mengibas-ngibas. Ia kepanasan. \"Musim kemarau gini semangka panennya memang bagus-bagus den. Buahnya merah dan segar. Rasanya luar biasa manis. Cocok untuk mengobati dahaga.\" Rama mencomot seiris semangka di nampan. Lalu ia memakannya lahap, airnya muncrat-muncrat. \"Yang ini jangan lupa dihitung mak. Rasanya memang manis legit, seger bener.\" Saat Rama sedang asik-asiknya menikmati semangkanya tiba-tiba seorang gadis datang sambil menenteng dua kantong kresek besar berwarna hitam. Wajah si gadis cantik jelita, kulitnya mulus terang tapi ia tampak sangat pendiam. Melihat kedatangan si gadis mak pemilik warung bergegas menyambutnya. Tapi Rama memandangi wajah gadis itu dalam-dalam. Ia punya perasaan. \"Di dalam kantong kresek itu titipan karak kering dari ibumu ya Len, sini biar mak yang urusin.\" Si gadis jelita menyerahkan dua kantong kresek besar bawaannya ke mak pemilik warung. Ia tak pernah mengucapkan sepatah kata-kata. Seusai mengamati isi di dalam kantong kresek, mak pemilik warung mengambil beberapa lembar ribuan yang ia simpan di belahan dada kendornya. Lalu ia menyerahkan uang itu kepada si gadis. \"Ni bayarannya Len, itung dulu. Nanti kalo udah sampai rumah salam buat ibukmu ya.\" Si gadis jelita mengangguk, setelah menghitung upahnya ia bergegas pergi meninggalkan warung. Padahal dari tadi Rama kelamaan memperhatikannya namun gadis itu tidak peka. Mak pemilik warung yang paham buka suara. \"Ada apa den? Kok kayak baru liat demit, megap-megap gitu.\" Rama yang ketangkap basah keliatan salah tingkah. Ia menggaruk-garuk rambutnya. \"Siapa gadis itu mak? Seperti bukan orang sini.\" \"Emangnya aden juga orang sini,\" sindir mak pemilik warung. \"Eh, maksud saya dia lebih dari orang sini. Kayak orang luar negeri.\" Lantas mak pemilik warung tertawa cekikikan. Mulutnya bau kunyit. Ia suka ngemil itu agar awet muda, kata penduduk desa kecantikannya abadi. \"Gadis itu Leni den, itu nama panggilannya, nama aslinya Alicia binti Junaedi Sinedine Sidane. Ibunya pernah kawin sama orang bule. Jadi bapaknya Leni asli orang Prancis, tapi sekarang sudah mati ditembak.\" Rama garuk-garuk rambutnya lagi. \"Kok jadi Leni mak? Padahal Alicia kedengarannya udah kece.\" \"Hahaha maklum lidah ibuknya gampang kepleset den, udah kebiasaan.\" \"Loh, berarti lidahnya mak gak gampang kepleset dong.\" \"Kalo mak sih kelasnya beda den.\" Kemudian mereka terbahak-bahak bersama-sama. Rama tertawa sampai air liurnya nyangkut di tenggorokan. \"Aden ini naksir Leni ya?\" tanya mak selidik-selidik. Mendengar pertanyaan mak pemilik warung membuat Rama langsung tersedak kuwaci. Ia jadi grogi. \"Gak mak, saya cuma penasaran,\" bela Rama. \"Iihh, aden malu-malu kucing,\" goda mak pemilik warung genit. \"Leni itu cantik-cantik tapi nasibnya kurang mujur. Sekarang gadis itu tinggal sendirian sama ibunya sedangkan bapaknya mati ditembak polisi di pantai, dadanya bolong kena peluru. Sebenarnya dia masih punya kakak laki-laki yang sedang minggat ke kota gede. Jakarta atau Makassar, mak lupa persisnya. Dengar-dengar kakaknya juga jadi buronan.\" \"Terus gadis itu tadi bawa apa kesini? Kantong kreseknya besar sekali.\" \"Oh, yang dibawa Leni itu karak den, nasi sisa yang dijemur lama sampai kering. Dijual ke mak untuk menyambung hidup, rasanya gurih kalo dijadikan kerupuk. Banyak orang kampung sini pada ketagihan. Makanya mak beli karak kering dari si Leni, ibunya pintar buat karak. Kayaknya ada bumbu rahasia.\" Lalu Rama mengeluarkan uang dari dalam dompetnya, ia membayar semangkanya. Seperti berlagak tak perduli, ia siap-siap bergegas pergi. \"Ya udah mak saya cabut dulu,\" kata Rama sambil mengangkat kantong kreseknya, genap enam iris semangka ada di dalamnya. \"Makasih ceritanya, kapan-kapan saya mampir ke sini lagi.\" \"Tunggu den, gak mau salam dulu buat Leni.\" Rama yang keburu melesat jauh berteriak, ia coba memberanikan diri \"Katakan aja padanya mak, Alicia dapet salam dari jagoan sabuk hitam Ranggawangi.\" Suara Rama tersengat terik Matahari. Mak pemilik warung mendengarnya samar-samar. . . Dua hari telah berlalu berarti nanti setelah Maghrib ujian sabuk hitam akan dilaksanakan. Satu jam sebelum ujian dimulai Andi sedang luntang-luntung di atas kasur kapasnya. Padahal teman-temannya pada konsentrasi latihan meningkatkan tenaga dalam di ruang semedi. Andi tidaklah malas latihan tetapi ia banyak pikiran. Sebab kemarin sehabis diganyang oleh pukulan maut adiknya, ia akhirnya bisa bangkit. Setelah mampu bangkit ia ingin kelayapan ke telaga air belerang untuk mandi membersihkan luka-lukanya sekaligus menenangkan diri. Namun saat ia berhasil pulih dengan menenangkan diri masalah lain selancip batang lidi seolah datang menusuk pantatnya, terbang secara tak diduga-duga. Arahnya dari semak-semak. Andi mengira moyet hutan iseng bersembunyi di balik semak-semak. Ia mengambil batu kerikil lalu melemparnya. Namun bukan monyet hutan yang sedang bersembunyi melainkan seorang kawan lama yang cantik jelita. Dari balik semak dengan sabar ia menunggu pemuda itu selesai mandi. Ia sangat sabar, tapi jantungnya berdebar naik turun. Wajah jelitanya merah padam. Kawan lamanya itu tidak banyak omong, juga tidak banyak kata. Andi ingin meminta maaf karena melemparnya dengan batu kerikil. Tapi si gadis hanya diam, Andi menggigit bibirnya sendiri. Ia seakan-akan kehabisan nafas saat melihat wajah jelita kawan gadisnya. Kematiannya terasa seperti mendekat, padahal itu cuma jatuh cinta. Andi tidak paham. \"Kenapa lu datang jauh-jauh ke sini? Udah jam segini, lu mau ketemu sama gua?\" kata Andi sungguh-sungguh. Masih tidak banyak kata si gadis memberanikan diri, hanya berjarak sejengkal ia sudah berdiri tepat di depan Andi. Pemuda itu gantian naik turun. Wajahya lebih merah padam. Lalu gadis itu menyerahkan selembar kertas padanya. Tidak memakai amplop namun digulung rapi. \"Apa ini? Surat cinta, zaman dulu banget,\" batinnya. Selama Andi sibuk membatin ternyata si gadis jelita sudah menghilang dari pandangan mata, ia halus seperti hantu. Pemuda itu lekas-lekas memakai pakaiannya kembali. Selembar kertas tersempil di telapak tangannya. Isinya paling buruk dibanding surat cinta. Seharusnya Andi tak menerimanya tapi ia terlanjur kesenangan. . . Andi, Dulu kamu udah pernah janji sama saya. Katanya kalau kamu udah dapatkan sabuk hitam, berarti kamu udah dewasa. Dan itu berarti kamu berani bawa saya pergi ke kota. Saya dengar kabar kalau sekarang kamu udah dapatkan sabuknya, saya juga sudah terima salam dari kamu. Jadi janji kamu bisa ditepati. Benarkan. Kalau kamu gak bawa saya sekarang, mungkin saya bisa mati. Tolong segera bawa saya keluar dari desa terkutuk ini. Di sini ibuk saya semakin hari semakin sinting. Warga-warga kampung juga sama tidak warasnya. Banyak orang mati ditumbalkan buat jadi makanan senjata. Saya tidak tahan mendengar suara teriak-teriak, dan orang-orang kampung seolah seperti mabuk ikan. Tak perduli apa-apa lagi. Sepertinya sebentar lagi giliran saya. Jadi untuk sekarang saya sangat ingin segera pergi dari sini dan mencari kakak saya di Jakarta. Bawalah kawanmu ini. Saat ini saya cuma percaya kamu. Alicia. . . Selembar kertas dilayang-layangkan Andi ke udara. Pikirannya semrawut, apalagi tadi pagi Mat gondrong ngasih pengumuman konyol kalau ia tidak bisa ikutan ujian sabuk hitam. Katanya ia belum layak. Ingat-ingat wajah Mat gondrong tangannya mengepal keras meninju dinding. Andi kalang kabut, ia berhasrat membanting kursi tapi ketakutan dimarahi guru besar. Terpaksa ia tahan kemarahannya sampai kepalanya berasap. Ia sadar seniornya suka cari gara-gara, tapi setan alas mana yang menfitnahnya sudah memperoleh sabuk hitam. Ia lebih ingin cari tahu sebab hubungannya dengan Alicia tak banyak diketahui orang. Andi sangat geram. Lepas Maghrib murid-murid pilihan berkumpul lagi di lapangan, termasuk pula Rama. Sebelumnya mereka dibekali rapalan-rapalan serta ilmu kebatinan agar tahan menerima sabuk hitam. Sabuknya disembunyikan di kuburan para guru besar terdahulu yang letaknya tidak jauh dari padepokan. Murid-murid padepokan harus mencari sabuknya, tanpa ketakutan, tanpa kesombongan. Setelah dapat sabuknya, mereka resmi pendekar. Sementara Mat gondrong yang sudah resmi pendekar mengkomando para murid pilihan untuk bersiap-siap. Ia merasa superior, para murid langsung diperintah pergi. Tenaga dalam tingkat tinggi disalurkan membuat bocah-bocah padepokan bertambah punya nyali. Namun di sisi lain Rama masih kurang percaya diri, bukan oleh ketakutan melainkan karena abangnya. Kali ini abangnya tidak bisa ikutan ambil bagian. Ia jadi ragu-ragu. . . Ketika para bocah terpilih meluncur mencari sabuk hitamnya, Andi melesat ingin mengikuti mereka dari belakang. Ia kehilangan akal, hanya sabuk hitamlah tujuan utamanya sekarang. Melihat gelagat Andi, Mat gondrong naik pitam dan respon untuk mencegahnya. Ia tubruk tubuh pemuda itu sehingga mereka berguling-gulingan di atas tanah. Seniornya sudah menanti-nanti kesempatan ini. \"Ngapain lu Ndi, gua bilang lu belum layak,\" pekik Mat gondrong. Pukulannya menghantam wajah Andi. Hidungnya langsung ngucur darah lagi. Setelah menerima pukulan telak Mat gondrong, pemuda itu lantas batuk-batuk. Ia pegangi hidungnya yang berdarah namun matanya malah melotot tajam. Sorot matanya menggebu-gebu setajam Serigala. Andi telah benar-benar kehilangan akal. \"Gua udah layak dapet sabuk hitam. Lu pikir lu siapa,\" Andi berteriak. Darahnya muncrat mengenai wajah seniornya. Mat gondrong yang melihat sorot mata Andi untuk sesaat ia menjadi sangat awas. Ia tarik tubuhnya melesat ke belakang menjauh sampai berjarak empat jengkal. Kemudian ia memasang kembangan, kedua tanggannya menyilang. Mereka akan tempur. \"Sini maju lu Ndi! Gua bikin modar lu.\" Andi membangkitkan tubuhnya dengan sempoyongan. Setelah berhasil ia juga memasang kembangan. Kedua tangan menyilang. Kali ini ia percaya diri. \"Gua gak takut lawan lu, kunyuk.\" Mat gondrong melompat lalu melepaskan jurus tendangan ombak menggulung samudra. Tendangannya sangat cepat dan dahsyat hingga berhasil mencapai bahu Andi dengan lesatan keras. Tanpa aba-aba pemuda itu langsung jungkir balik terpental lima meter. Terkena serangan Mat gondrong bahu si pemuda jadi nyeri kesakitan. Tapi rasa sakitnya tak ia perdulikan, ia balas serangan seniornya menggunakan jurus pukulan bayangan. Ia seruduk seniornya tanpa ampun dengan pukulan bertubi-bertubi. Namun sayangnya Mat gondrong yang memang kesaktiannya masih beberapa tingkat di atasnya terlihat enteng menangkis pukulan-pukulan itu. Kemudian saat ada celah terbuka, secara lihai Mat gondrong melayangkan jotosan tepat di dada Andi. Pemuda itu megap-megap kesulitan nafas, gerakan jurus pukulan bayangannya sontak terhenti. Mat gondrong langsung mengambil kesempatan bergerak gesit berdiri tepat di belakang mantan muridnya itu. Ia bermaksud melancarkan serangan mematikan. Ia lingkarkan lengannya menjerat kuat-kuat leher jenjang si pemuda. Hasilnya Andi sangat kesulitan bernafas, dadanya sesak, ia mau kolap. Mat gondrong dengan kalut berkali-kali juga membenturkan dengkul ke punggungnya. Kesakitan menjalar seperti setrum, Andi ingin segera lolos dari jeratan itu tapi tubuhnya sudah lemas. Karena kelemasan lamat-lamat tubuh Andi tersungkur ke bawah. Sedangkan Mat gondrong masih setia menjerat leher si pemuda dari belakang. Malah sekarang ia lepaskan jotosan-jotosan yang menyengat bagaikan tertusuk ribuan jarum mengenai daun telinga lawannya. Disikat pukulan bertubi telinga pemuda itu gosong-gosong lalu lubangnya merembes mengeluarkan darah kental. Gendang telinganya sepertinya pecah. Ketika menahan rasa kesakitan yang sangat, Andi seolah tampak berkedip-kedip. Ia merasakan situasi di sekelilingnya seperti hampa tak bernyawa. Telinganya berdenyut-denyut, tubuhnya kaku mati rasa. Diantara dengungan-dengungan yang tersisa ia bisa mendengar suara Mat gondrong berbisik. Mendengar suara tolol itu nyalinya muncak lagi namun tubuhnya tak mendukung. \"Bego lu Ndi kalo nantangin gua,\" bisik Mat gondrong. Tanpa daya si pemuda pasrah dihajar sampai hampir modar. Kesadarannya semakin mengkerut. Ia berada diambang-ambang. . . Terpaut oleh waktu lainnya Rama sepertinya sedang kesusahan mencari sabuk hitamnya. Dari tadi ia sudah mengorek-ngorek beberapa nisan namun tak kunjung juga menemukan sabuknya. Katanya sabuk hitamnya disembunyikan di kuburan dan diletakkan di dalam kendi kecil berwarna batu bata. Sudah hampir sepuluh menit ia mengoperasi tempat itu. Tapi kendinya belum nongol juga. Rama jadi frustasi. Lalu ia punya ide gila yaitu mecakar-cakar tanah, menggalinya. Siapa tahu kendinya ikutan di kubur juga. Idenya brilian memang, saat menggali ke dalam tanah Rama malah nemu cacing-cacing gembrot menggeliat. Cacing itu kelihatan tampak puas baru menyantap daging manusia yang sudah jadi tengkorak. Pemandangan semacam itu jarang dilihatnya. Bebas dari proses menggali tanah, ia mencari objek lainnya. Di antara pandangan mata ada yang lebih menyakinkan. Pohon Kamboja lumayan tinggi berdaun rimbun berdiri tegap di tengah lapangan pemakaman. Tentunya Rama ingin naik ke atas dahannya. Coba-coba mencari sabuk hitam idamannya. Ketika Rama merangkak naik ke atas dahan, ternyata segerombolan kalong siap terbang seliweran di depan wajahnya sehingga membuat pengelihatannya gagal fokus. Tempat tersebut gelap-gelap serta tidak disoroti lampu petromax. Aroma busuk dari kalong ikutan menusuk lubang hidung. Raungan-raungan aneh kedengaran saling menyahut, sekelebat ia mejumpai bayangan macan tutul medekam di atas batu nisan. Giginya runcing dan tajam. Tapi Rama pantang mundur. Ia harus kedap suara. Dengan tekad kuat seorang pendekar akhirnya ia berhasil menaiki salah satu dahan. Ia sibakan daun-daun yang rimbun, bola matanya celingak-celinguk mencari kendi. Saat sibuk mencari tiba-tiba tangannya disengat oleh semut angkrang. Rasanya panas dan nyeri. Ujian datang lagi. Setelah disengat Rama langsung kaget, ia hampir saja terperosok jatuh ke bawah. Namun tangannya lihai meraih dahan untuk bergelantungan. Sekuat tenaga ia tahan bobot tubuh serta erangannya agar tidak menimbulkan suara berisik. Makhluk-makhluk kasat mata bisa keluar dari lubang mana saja. Rama memilih sembunyi-sembunyi. Membutuhkan sekitar tiga detik saja akhirnya Rama bisa kembali ke atas dahan. Dengan penuh perjuangan ia mengelus-elus tangannya yang bengkak. Imbalannya, ia jadi melihat sebuah benda yang diikat oleh kain. Letaknya sekitar lima jengkal di atasnya. Rama langsung tancap gas mengambil benda itu. Cita-citanya sedikit lagi tercapai, abangnya mungkin telah dilupakan. Benda yang diambil Rama berbentuk kendi berwarna batu bata. Di atas tutupnya melingkar sederet ayat-ayat. Kemudian Rama membuat gerakan tangan menyilang, mengatur nafas serta mulutnya komat-kamit. Sebelum membuka tutup kendi itu terlebih dahulu ia perlu meningkatkan tenaga dalam sebanyak dua tingkat. Itu omongan guru besarnya, dan ia mempercayainya. Tutup kendi terbuka, sabuk hitam muncul dari dalam. Rama sukses mengambil sabuk hitamnya lalu menaruhnya di kening. Setelah ritualnya selesai ia simpan sabuknya di pinggang sekaligus juga kendinya. Lalu ia balik lagi ke lapangan padepokan. Sambil siul-siul bahagia tentunya. . . Dengan suka cita Rama sampai di lapangan padepokan. Akan tetapi di sana ia menjumpai dua orang sedang serius bertempur. Suka citanya langsung kabur sebab yang sedang bertempur ternyata adalah abangnya sendiri. Abangnya sedang dikunci dari belakang, tubuhnya diam tak bergerak. Sepertinya sedikit lagi ia mampus. Melihat adegan miris di depan mata membuat pikiran Rama langsung kalap. Ia langsung mengaktifkan ilmu meringankan tubuh sembari bergerak cepat menyelamatkan abangnya. Di saat yang tepat ia menemukan sebongkah batu besar di samping pertempuran. Ia ambil batu besar itu dan dihantamkan kencang-kencang. Rama sungguh kalap. Mat gondrong sontak meringis kesakitan setelah mendapat serangan kejutan dari belakang. Batok kepalanya timbul retak-retak sehingga darah segar merembes dari celahnya. Ia teriak-teriak kesakitan, histeris. Rama menyambangi abangnya yang terkapar. Tubuhnya didobrak-dobrak serta ditampar agar siuman. Entah karena hasutan setan atau tamparan Rama yang keras, sekejap itu pula tubuh abangnya langsung bisa bergerak lagi. Setelah bergerak Andi mengatur nafas dalam-dalam. Sorotan matanya masih tajam menggebu, padahal tadi ia mau modar. Di dalam sorot matanya yang menggebu ia melihat tubuh Mat gondrong sedang kelojotan. Secara sigap, tanpa banyak kata Andi menyambar kendi dari pinggang Rama. Lalu ia pecahkan kendi itu sampai berserakan di tanah dan mengambil bagiannya yang tajam, paling tajam. Sambil menyimpan senjata, Andi menghampiri tubuh Mat gondrong yang kelojotan. Mengangkanginya sebentar lalu menghujami perutnya dengan tusukan. Berkali-kali tusukan dilepaskan sampai ususnya mbrodol keluar. Suara Mat gondrong yang tadinya berteriak kencang berangsur-angsur senyap. Organ mentah melorot, Andi memorotinya lagi. Tapi bukan pada usus-ususnya melainkan pada sabuk hitam yang dikenakan seniornya. Mat gondrong ditelanjangi karena sabuk hitamnya dilepas paksa. Meskipun kepalan tangannya penuh bercak-bercak darah Andi mengangkat sabuk hitamnya tinggi-tinggi. Bekas darah Mat gondrong menetes di pelipisnya. Ia bangga. \"liat Ram, akhirnya gua udah dapat sabuk hitam. Gua bisa ngelakuin apa aja.\" Rama yang melihat kelakuan abangnya hanya bisa diam saja. Ia geleng-geleng kepala. Dari kejauhan ia bergidik menyaksikan wajah abangnya berubah seperti setan, Alicia juga tampak seperti setan. Sabuk hitam telah membutakan semuanya. Jadi ini hanyalah salah satu kisah berdarah di padepokan Ranggawangi dan desa Tombaklegi. . . Tamat . . Notes, Karakter Mat gondrong di fic ini mengarah ke Maddog. Jadi makasih buat pembaca yang mampir atau menyempatkan membaca fic ini. Salam, Viloh. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : The Raid selalu milik PT Merantau film Rating: T kayaknya Genre: Action, Drama, gore d"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Fanboys","Author":"Mochiyo-sama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10933373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The Raid (c) Merantau Films. Tidak ada keuntungan pribadi yang diambil selain kepuasan pribadi ... oh itu jelas lah. Warning: OOC. Serong. Alay universe. AU dimana semua orang hepi. Namanya Andi. Umurnya 17 tahun. Sekolah di SMA Berandal kelas 2 SMA. Terkenal sebagai salah satu delinkuen terbadung di Jakarta yang gak pernah absen tawuran (absen doang terjun mah kadang-kadang). Statusnya sekarang baru pegat dan jomblo. Sekarang terlihat tengah berada di suatu kawasan katakanlah Blok Z, pusat perbelanjaan mewah di Jakarta. Andi celingak-celinguk. Kanan. Kiri. Gak ada orang yang dia kenal. Bagus, aman, pikirnya. Andi kembali mengecek perlengkapannya. Kaca mata item? Oke. Topi? Oke. Syal? Oke (padahal kagak dingin juga). Masker buat nutupin muka? Oke. Duit 100 ribu selembar? Oke. Sip, dia siap sekarang. Dengan langkah mantap, Andi menyeberang jalan menghampiri abang-abang yang sedang menjajakan tabloid. Sebenarnya ada apa gerangan? Apa yang membuat Andi, yang katanya mirip Donny Alamsyah ini, begitu was-was hanya untuk membeli sebuah majalah? \"Errr mana ya mana ya—eh ini dia!\" Andi menemukan jari-jari yang panjang nan lentik bersentuhan dengan miliknya. Mereka tatap-tatapan. Abis itu jatuh cinta. Ceilah, sinetron abis. Tapi sayangnya, ini bukan sinetron. Dan bukannya jatuh cinta, yang ada dia malah mau muntah ngeliat orang di hadapannya. \"UCOK? NGAPAIN LO DI SINI?\" Namanya Ucok. Umurnya 17 tahun. Sekolah di SMA Berandal kelas 2 SMA. Ucok terkenal sebagai anak dari Kepsek Bangun (yang merangkap anggota DPR juga) yang kelakuannya kayak preman. Beda banget sama kakaknya, Eka, yang baik bersahaja ketua MPK panutan satu bangsa. \"Kampret. Gue lagi nanya. Jangan ngacangin gua. Gua bukan garuda.\" Ucok bete sendiri. Ini kutu ngapain sih pake di sini segala! \"Harusnya gue yang nanya, njir. Ngapain lo megang-megang barang gua?\" \"Heh, majalah ini gue yang nemu duluan. Elu yang ngapain megang-megang!\" \"Gue, njir.\" \"Gua!\" \"Gua!\" \"Gua!\" \"Gua!\" Oalah! Sebenernya mereka ngerebutin apa sih? Usut punya usut, ternyata mereka lagi meributkan sebuah majalah! Namun itu bukan majalah biasa. Majalah itu ... ada Rama sebagai kovernya. Terus? Maksud lo apa terus? Gitu doang? Ini tuh bukan gitu doang! Kalau soal Rama, bagi mereka itu tuh bukan cuma itu doang! Mereka bakalan mempertaruhkan harta, nyawa, dan pikiran cuma buat dapetin merchandise official (nyolong barang) Rama! \"Ya udah sih. Gua bisa minta yang lain sama si abangnya, yang kovernya masih mulus, dan bisa borong banyak.\" Kata si Ucok ngalah. \"Oh, maaf mas, tapi majalahnya udah abis. Ini stok terakhir dari sananya, hehe.\" Ucok melotot. Abangnya meleleh di tempat. \"Hahaha, sayang banget ya Cok.\" Andi nepuk punggung Ucok, sok simpatik. \"Sayang banget majalahnya udah abis. Tapi woles aja, lu boleh fotokopi punya gua kok.\" HANZER. MAKSUD LO APA FOTOKOPI. Dia, Ucok, anak pemilik SMA Berandal yang merangkap anggota DPR yang merangkap ketua geng besar di Jakarta, DISURUH FOTOKOPI MAJALAH? Sudi siiiaaaaaahhh. Gak level. Hok cuih. Film bokep aja tempat produksinya dia datengin, terus beli original . Masa majalah ginian aja dia mesti fotokopi? Hell to the o hello ! Lagian, kalo bisa direbut, kenapa tidak? \"Balikin itu majalah.\" \"Hah?\" \"Itu majalah,\" Ucok nunjuk-nunjuk. \"Lo taro lagi di tempatnya. Buruan. GPL. Lola amat sih lu kayak siput.\" \"Kenapa juga gue harus nurutin lo? Yang bayar 'kan gua.\" Seru Andi sewot. \"Soalnya itu majalah nanti filthy . Udah gak suci lagi abis diliatin mata lo yang napsuan. Nanti gue bacanya jadi gak tenang karena Yudhanya gua udah ga suci lagi gara-gara mata lo.\" \"Ish, ya udah sih—EH MAKSUD LO APA YA RAMANYA ELO? RAMA ITU YA PUNYA GUA! UDAH OFISIAL TAHU! NAMA BELAKANG KITA UDAH SAMA.\" \"HELO PLIS YA NDI LO BERDUA KAKAK ADEK WAJAR NAMA BELAKANGNYA SAMA. DASAR SELAY! (SENPIE ALAY).\" (Wah Ucok ya diam-diam wibu .w.) \"ELO KALI YANG ALAY! LAGIAN SIAPA YUDHA ? NAMA DIA RAMA TAHU! NAMA ASLI ADEK GUE AJA GAK TAHU SOK SOK NGE-FANS!\" \"ITU TUH PANGGILAN KESAYANGAN GUE BUAT DIA TAHU! Lagian dia kan bebeb gue wajarlah gue kasih nama panggilan baru!\" \"BE-BEBEB?!\" Andi syok. Kalau ini kartun, maka dagunya akan jatuh sampai ke lantai. \"SEJAK KAPAN LO BEBEB-BEBEBAN SAMA ADEK GUEEEEEEEEEEE!?\" \"Dari ... Lima hari yang lalu!\" kata Ucok jahil. Padahal mah bohong. Padahal lima hari lalu Rama cuma bilang makasih karena Ucok udah bersihin daun-daun yang nyangkut di kepala Rama. Cuma kalau dilihat dari angle yang salah, emang kayak ciuman sih. Makanya dari kemarin-kemarin SMA Berandal heboh gosip preman Ucok jadian sama ketua klub karate yang meski-masih-kelas-satu-tapi-hebat-dan-imut bernama Rama Baratayudha. \"HAHAHAHAHA lo iri 'kan! Iya 'kan! Incest dosa sih.\" Ucok makin menjadi-jadi. \"Udah akuin aja, Ndi. GUE MENANG. KEADILAN MEMANG SELALU MENANG! YEAAAAAAH.\" Ucok mengangkat tangannya tinggi-tinggi sambil mengenggam majalah tersebut. \"IH GUE GA SUDI PUNYA ADEK IPAR KAYAK LO GA SUDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!\" Andi nonjok-nonjok jijay. \"BALIKIN KE-INOSENAN ADEK GUE DASAR JAHANAM!\" \"KEINOSENAN APA SIH GUE BELOM APA-APAIN YUDHA SIH.\" \"BELOM? BELOM ?! BERARTI LO BAKAL 'KAN.\" \"Sebenernya belom kepikiran sih ... Tapi lo ngasih gue ide sih.\" \"UCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKKK!\" Andi henshin jadi super saiyan. \"ANDI APAAN SIH KALEM BRAY—EH ITU APAAN YANG LO PEGANG ANJJJIING!\" \"BALIKIN ADEK GUE BALIKIN ADEK GUE BALIKIN ADEK GUE BALIKIN ADEK GUE!\" \"ANDI ISTIGFAR ANJING BANGSAT AHNDI—\" Harus memilih antara keperjakaannya atau majalah Rama, Ucok memilih untuk mempertahankan status kelaki-lakiannya. Ia melempar majalah itu kesembarang arah. Kesempatan itu tidak disia-siakan Andi. Andi langsung mengejar majalah itu bak anjing yang kelaparan. Andi menoleh ke arah Ucok dengan tatapan licik. Rupanya Andi tadi sengaja sengklek supaya Ucok lengah. \"TAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!\" baru sadar dirinya dikecoh, Ucok langsung berlari menyusul Andi. \"ANJING TAI LO NDI LO BERMAIN CURANG!\" \"HAHAHAHA SALAH SENDIRI! Lo kayak pemula di dunia kepremanan aja sih!\" \"BANGSAT SINI LU!\" Tentu saja Andi tidak mendengarkan Ucok. Andi melompati satu dua meja dagangan, lalu melompat. Ia memanjangkan tangannya, hendak meraih majalah yang sudah satu dua senti lagi ia raih. Namun nasib berkata lain. Andi jatuh terjeduk pilar tembok, majalah jatuh ke tangan orang lain. \"Ah!\" suara perempuan terdengar. \"Ini majalah yang cover -nya Mas Rama! Udah kucariin ke mana-mana.\" Ucok dan Andi langsung fokus sama suara tadi. OH MY GOD, ada Rama di sampingnya! Terus yang tadi itu Isa! Pacar Rama yang sesungguhnya (masih backstreet )! \"Ahahaha udah lama aku cari ini.\" Isa mengeluarkan uangnya. \"Aku beli ini bang! Ini uangnya, duit pas.\" \"I-ih Isa ngapain beli gituan aku 'kan jadi malu ...\" kata Rama ngunyu. Tiga orang mimisan di tempat. \"Gak apa-apa, Mas. Mas ganteng kok di sini! Aslinya juga!\" Kata Isa tulus. \"Ya udah yuk lanjut jalan-jalan lagi. Mau nonton Berdiri Samping Aku nih.\" \"Ayo.\" Rama menggandeng tangan Isa. Andi syok sampai ada suara petir sebagai latarnya. Ucok juga syok tapi lagu horor yang jadi latarnya. \"Eh, ada Bang Andi sama Kak Ucok. Aku gak sadar. Kalian lagi ngapain? Gak panas pakai baju kayak gitu?\" \"E-eh ngga itu, anu—\" dua-duanya salah tingkah. \"Kita cuma lagi latihan ketahanan tubuh bareng! Iya 'kan Cok?\" \"Yo-Yoi!\" Ucok mengiyakan, lalu merangkul Andi biar kelihatan bersahabat. \"Kalo latihan sendiri gak enak, jadi gue ngajak Andi deh! Terus di sekolah bosen jadi kita sambil jalan-jalan! Latihan iya, hepi juga iya!\" \"Setuju banget sama Saudara Ucok!\" \"Oh gitu ya,\" Rama mengiyakan saja tanpa rasa curiga. \"Kalo gitu aku duluan ya? Kalian selamat latihan ya! Abang jangan pulang malem lagi nanti Bapak marah.\" \"Iya-iya.\" kata Andi sok kalem. Padahal seneng diperhatikan adik. \"Dadah beb—\" perut Ucok ditonjok Andi. \"Dadah Rama~!\" Andi melambaikan tangannya. Rama membalas, sebelum kemudian kembali fokus sama Isa. Andi menghela napas melihat sang adik yang sudah menghilang di kejauhan, sementara Ucok masih meringis perutnya kram ditonjok Andi. \"Rama udah gede ya ...\" kata Andi pilu. Ucok hanya melirik sejenak. \"Lo mau nangis, Ndi?\" \"Emangnya lo nggak?\" \"Mau sih.\" Ucok manyun. \"Tapi gak di sini. Gengsi diliatin abangnya.\" \"Gue juga gengsi.\" Andi mengusap matanya. \"Tapi gue ga tahan lagi.\" \"Cup cup.\" Ucok menepuk punggung Andi pelan. \"Jangan nangis dong, Ndi. Apalagi lo berantakan gitu. Bisa dikira gue abis memperkaos lu.\" Andi masih nangis. Ucok jadi bingung 'kan. \"Andi. Udah dong. Nih lap air mata lo pake sapu tangan gue.\" \"Kok lo jadi gentleman gitu sih.\" kata Andi menghina. Andi membuang ingus yang mampet di sapu tangan Ucok. Ucok menatap Andi horor. \"Tapi thanks ya. Nih sapu tangan lo.\" \"Buat lo aja.\" kata Ucok sungkan. \"Udah, dari pada kita galau gak jelas di sini, mending kita nge-baso aja. Gue bayarin deh.\" \"Ciyusan?\" \"Iyeeee. Mumpung gue baik nih. Makanya jangan nangis lagi.\" \"Iya, iya. Tumben banget lo baik. Semoga gak ada tsunami di Jakarta deh.\" \"Hahahaha bajing lu.\" Andi bangun dari tempat duduknya. Kemudian Andi dan Ucok berjalan beriringan menuju tukang baso samping SMA Berandal. Semua berakhir bahagia. (Besoknya di mading, ada berita kalau dua preman yang selama ini saingan kemarin terlihat jarang bareng. Rama memberi selamat pada Andi karena gak jomblo lagi. Eka memberi selamat pada Ucok karena akhirnya menemukan pendamping yang pantas. Andi dan Ucok sama-sama menjerit alay sebagai respon. Semua berakhir bahagia(?)). —FIN A/N: Gue ngapain sih hahahaha. Ya udah selamat tahun baru semua! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The Raid (c) Merantau Films. Tidak ada keuntungan pribadi yang diambil selain kepuasan "},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"You Know How it Ends","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10570206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary : A The Raid 2: Berandal fanfiction. Title explains everything. One-shot . Character(s) : Main casts — Hammergirl & Baseball bat man. (ft. Bejo, Cecep the assassin, and their unknown father.) Rate : T. Genre : Hurt/Comfort & angst. Kleenex contains; Non-sexual A little bit harshness. I don't know more. [ HAMMERGIRL'S LAST THOUGHTS ] Aku sudah biasa dengan keheningan. Tapi yang aku tidak tahan adalah rasa bosan. Entah sudah berapa lama kami berada di ruangan ini; puluhan menit, mungkin juga sudah memasuki satu-dua jam. Alasanku berada di sini saja, aku juga tidak tahu. Aku menoleh ke arah kakakku tanpa sengaja, dan dia menyadarinya. Dia lalu menggerakkan kedua tangannya, bertanya padaku dengan bahasa isyarat. \" Ada apa? Laper? \" Aku terdiam sejenak— aku tidak lapar… rasanya baru saja tadi aku makan, pikirku—kemudian, karena ragu untuk membalas apa, akhirnya aku bertahan untuk tetap diam. Kakakku mungkin mengerti dengan kebingunganku, karena dia langsung berputar kembali di kursinya, menatap sekeliling ruang makan mewah—tempat kami berada sekarang. … Tunggu . Oh, iya … aku baru ingat kenapa kami di kumpulkan di sini. Bejo akan kedatangan Tamu. Dua tamu, katanya. Pantas saja dia mengosongkan hotel bintang empat miliknya ini. Ada beberapa anak buah Bejo yang lain, dan ada si Pak tua itu di sini juga—mereka memanggilnya dengan sebutan si Assassin , padahal aku tahu kalau nama aslinya Cecep. Nama yang tidak pantas untuk di sandang orang baik seperti dia— Assassin , maksudku. Bukan \"Cecep\"-nya. Tak berapa lama, aku melihat kepala kakakku terputar cepat ke arah pintu, dan aku mengikutinya. Bejo sudah datang dengan… seorang tamunya. … Oh, polisi itu lagi . Aku menoleh ke arah kakakku, seolah bisa mendengarnya berpikir demikian karena dia terlihat bosan seperti biasanya. Kemudian, beralih kembali ke Bejo yang sudah duduk di sebuah kursi yang meja makannya sudah dipersiapkan sebelumnya, bersama Reza—kalau tidak salah, itu nama polisi yang biasa mampir ke sini itu. Apa spesialnya dia sampai-sampai kita di kumpulin disini … Lagi-lagi aku merasa kakakku berbicara, kemudian menoleh ke arahnya, tapi dia sudah memunggungiku untuk berbicara dengan Cecep lagi. Akhirnya aku ikut membalik badanku kembali, menghadap mini bar yang memiliki puluhan—mungkin ratusan botol minuman. Aku juga sudah biasa dengan tidak mencampuri urusan orang lain—aku tuli. Mana bisa aku mendengar percakapan orang. Tapi itu juga termasuk salah satunya keuntungan menjadi tuli bagiku. Aku jadi tidak perlu khawatir dengan apa yang orang bilang tentang diriku. Atau kakakku. Bejo dulu juga mengajarkan kepada kami untuk jangan berisik. Siapa juga yang berisik. Aku tidak berisik. T idak bisa berisik, lebih tepatnya—karena aku tuli. Telinga dan tenggorokan berdekatan, ingat? Jika telinga bermasalah, maka tenggorokan juga akan ikut bermasalah. Kakakku juga jarang bicara. Atau mungkin aku berpikir dia jarang bicara karena aku tidak bisa mendengarnya bersuara? Entahlah. Mungkin saat itu Bejo masih mengira kalau anak kecil seperti kami akan ribut tiap waktu… … oh, iya. Aku dan kakakku dulu di pungut Bejo waktu masih kecil. Umur kami saat itu… hmm, mungkin aku 8 tahun? dan kakakku… mungkin 12 tahun. Aku tidak ingat. Mungkin sekarang Bejo sedang bernegosiasi dengan caranya yang licik seperti biasa. Jadi, selama dia berbicara, tidak yang boleh 'menguping'—atau setidaknya, sebisa mungkin bersikap biasa saja agar mangsanya tidak merasa terancam. Tapi… baiklah, aku menyerah . Aku benar-benar sedang bosan sekarang. Kakak menoleh ke arahku saat aku menarik-narik pelan lengan jaketnya yang longgar, kemudian aku langsung menyatakan masalah sepeleku itu. \" Aku juga …\" ujar kakak lewat bahasa isyarat, tatapannya menerawang. Kemudian dia menunduk sesaat, sebelum akhirnya dengan gesit ia meraba tiap kantung yang ada di pakaiannya, mencari-cari sesuatu. Tak berapa lama, ia menarik tangannya keluar dari kantung celananya, yang menggenggam sebuah koin. Lalu, memberikan koin itu kepadaku tanpa bicara, dan kembali mengobrol dengan Cecep. Koin itu koin kuno. Koin yang selalu di bawa kakak sedari kami kecil dulu. Koin yang membawa begitu banyak kenangan… Tanpa sadar, aku memutar koin yang diberikan kakakku itu di atas meja mini bar , dan aku bisa merasakan tubuh kakakku menegang sesaat sebelum akhirnya menoleh ke arahku—ke arah koin yang berputar, lebih tepatnya. Koin ini memang membawa dan masih menyimpan banyak kenangan bagi kami… Tapi kemudian, kakak mengacuhkanku lagi. Memutar koin memang sama sekali bukan suatu bakat atau hal yang spesial; tapi orang yang pernah mengajarkan kami cara memutar koin ini lah, yang tidak terlupakan. Karena orang itu, adalah ayah kami. Tangan ku bergerak, dan mulai memutar koin itu lagi... ... Aku ingat, kapan pertama kalinya aku dan kakakku harus hidup sendiri tanpa orangtua. Tidak… tunggu. Sebelum itu, rasanya akan jauh lebih mudah jika di ceritakan dari awal . Ya. Dari awal sekali. Jauh sebelum aku dan kakakku berada di tempat ini—di bawah naungan Bejo. Awal di mana kami pernah memiliki keluarga yang harmonis, dan kami juga pernah merasakan hidup berkecukupan yang sederhana. Seperti layaknya keluarga-keluarga normal yang lain. Ibu yang sangat menyayangi kami, dan ayah yang gagah karena memiliki banyak hal yang bisa ia banggakan—yang salah satunya, itu adalah aku dan kakakku. Tapi itu sudah lama sekali. Begitu lama sampai aku nyaris lupa. …... Aku tuli sejak lahir—begitu kata kakak, dan nampaknya tidak ada yang menyadari hal itu sampai aku berusia 4 tahun. Mungkin, ibu lah yang pertama kali menyadari bahwa aku tuli. Karena hanya dia yang selalu berada di sisiku, mengawasiku, sementara ayah pergi kerja, dan kakak masih tidak mengerti apa-apa—umur kami hanya terpaut 3-4 tahunan. Awalnya, aku di ajari bicara. Kedua orangtua-ku menunggu aku setidaknya meyebutkan kata 'ibu', karena dulu kakakku sering menyuruhku untuk berkata demikian. Tapi, sampai umur 3 tahun pun aku belum berkata apa-apa. Mereka kira aku mungkin hanya malu. Nyatanya, aku tidak bisa mendengar apa-apa. Sama sekali. Aku tidak bisa mendengar ibuku menyanyikan lagu untuk membantuku tertidur. Aku juga tidak bisa mendengar ayahku yang memanggil. Aku bahkan tidak bisa mendengar suara kakakku yang menjelaskan ini itu dengan sok-tahunya, padahal kami selalu bersama. Setiap waktu. Seiring 'setiap waktu' yang terlewati itu juga, dengan perlahan kebahagiaanku—kebahagiaan kami , mengikis. Pernah suatu hari aku melihat ayah mendorong ibu, dan dari mulutnya terlihat kalau dia sedang berteriak-teriak. Ibu juga begitu. Lalu kakak akan muncul untuk menutup pintu, menghalangi mereka berdua seraya menghampiriku dan menutup kedua telingaku. Padahal, mungkin saat itu dia sudah tahu kalau aku ini tuli. Tapi aku biarkan saja, dan menyandarkan tubuhku ke tubuhnya. Membiarkan diri kami terlarut pada pikiran masing-masing hingga tetelan alam mimpi. Nyaris kian hari, semakin banyak kejadian-kejadian aneh terjadi. Di hari yang lain, ketika usiaku mau 5 tahun, seorang laki-laki datang ke rumahku. Ibu menyambutnya dengan baik, dan kakak tampak menerima kehadirannya begitu saja. Jadi, aku putuskan kalau dia mungkin memang baik. Aku lupa siapa namanya. Tapi dia lah yang mengajariku bahasa isyarat. Tidak hanya aku yang belajar bahasa isyarat, tapi kakak, dan ibu juga. Namun semakin lama, aku pun sadar… orang ini hanya datang ketika ayah sedang tidak di rumah. Hari demi hari berlalu, dan aku semakin jago dan cepat dalam berbicara lewat bahasa isyarat. Tapi, aku masih kalah jika di bandingkan dengan kakakku yang sudah cepat menggerakkan kedua tangannya. Sedangkan aku lebih cepat mengerti cara membaca arti bahasa isyarat daripada mempraktekkannya dengan kedua tanganku sendiri. Terus… ada juga hari-hari dimana ayah tidak pulang ke rumah. Kakak bilang kalau ayah sedang mengalami banyak hal buruk. Dan Kian hari hal-hal buruk nampaknya selalu bertambah, karena aku lihat semakin jauh jarak antara Ibu dan Ayah. Kian hari juga, kakak semakin banyak memberitahu aku tentang ayah; bahwa ayah di lilit hutang di sana-sini, suka mabuk-mabukan, stress berat, dan sebagainya. Terkadang aku memang suka mencium bau aneh memuakkan jika ayah datang. Kemudian, ibu akan kembali marah-marah lagi. Hanya saja, kali ini kakakku lah yang menutup kedua telinganya sendiri. Tapi, waktu berlalu . Tawa kakak yang tidak pernah terdengar olehku semakin meredup. Wajahnya yang anak-anak jadi terlihat letih dan menua semakin hari. Ibu lebam di sana-sini. Ayah semakin jarang pulang ke rumah. Sempat beberapa kali aku melihat kakak dan ibu berbicara, tapi akan selalu berujung dengan kakak yang langsung meninggalkan ibu di tengah pembicaraan, dan masuk ke kamarnya. Ada juga saat-saat dimana ibu tiba-tiba menghilang seharian, entah kemana. Saat aku bertanya, kemana ibu, kakak hanya mengangkat bahu karena dia juga tidak tahu. Lalu pada hari itu, ibu benar-benar pergi meninggalkan aku dan kakakku. Ayah pun kembali ke rumah. …... Semakin lama, kehidupan kami semakin miskin. Ayah mungkin berhenti atau dipecat dari pekerjaannya, dan menjual banyak barang untuk menutupi hutang-hutangnya, sampai lupa memberi kami makan. Ibu tidak pernah kembali lagi. Ada malam-malam dimana ayah menangis sendiri… —Atau kakak menangis sendiri… —Atau mereka berdua menangis bersama. Ada juga malam-malam dimana kakak pergi ke kamarku, mengunci pintu, dan memelukku dalam tidurnya di atas kasur tipis yang tergelar di lantai, seraya menutup telinganya. Kemudian, rumah kami pun akhirnya di jual. Ibu sama sekali tidak pernah muncul lagi dimana-mana, kecuali di mimpi-mimpiku. Mungkin juga ibu muncul di mimpi-mimpinya kakak, atau ayah. Oh, ya … aku dan kakakku sempat beradu argument sesekali. Berujung lumayan kacau. Awalnya, dia bilang kalau dia iri denganku yang tuli. Aku tentu saja marah. Aku marah, sampai-sampai aku harus memberitahu kepadanya betapa aku sangat menderita tidak bisa mendengar dia bersuara, atau bahkan mendengar suara ibu—yang aku tidak tahu apakah aku akan bertemu dengannya lagi nanti. Aku memberitahu dia bahwa terkadang aku juga ingin memberikan ketulian ini kepada siapapun yang mau, kalau ada yang mau, dan kalau aku juga bisa. Tapi argumen-argumen sepele seperti itu tentu akan langsung teralihkan jika ayah pulang pada hari-hari berikutnya. Kakak akan keluar kamar sebentar—terkadang menguncinya dari luar, dan aku tidak tahu apa yang terjadi selanjutnya. Sampai suatu hari, aku menemukan lebam biru kehitaman di sekujur tubuh kakakku ketika ia demam dan harus mengganti pakaiannya. Mungkin saat itu usiaku baru beranjak 6 tahun. Aku Tanya; kenapa bisa begini? Apa yang terjadi? Apa kakak di pukuli orang karena sesuatu yang seharusnya tidak ia lakukan? Tapi, kakak hanya menjawab dengan melirik tajam ke arah ayah yang tiba-tiba masuk ke kamar kami dan menyeretku keluar dengan kasar. Baru aku sadar, ayah kami yang dulu mungkin sudah mati. Karena orang ini, hanyalah monster mengerikan yang keji. Tahun-tahun dimana kakakku berusaha mati-matian untuk menjauhiku dari ayah, berubah menjadi hari-hari dimana kami berdua di aniaya bersama. Di ciprati air panas—sudah menjadi alarm pagi bagi kami. Lebam-lebam biru—sudah menjadi hiasan di tubuh kami tiap hari. Tapi, hanya kakakku yang menerima tusukan dari ujung rokok yang menyala di tubuhnya yang tertutup kaus dan celana—dia akan mati-matian mengusirku keluar rumah sebelum ayah mengenaiku juga, dan memberitahuku untuk jangan pulang sampai ia menjemputku nantinya. Lalu aku baru teringat, mungkin itulah alasannya kenapa kakak tidak mau memakai baju-baju mewah pemberian Bejo, dan memutuskan untuk hanya memakai hoodie sebagai penutup luka-luka yang ada. Menurut nya , itu tidak pantas di tubuhnya yang… aneh . …Kemudian, tanganku bergerak lagi, dan memutar koin kembali… …... Aku ingat, kapan pertama kalinya aku dan kakakku harus hidup sendiri tanpa orangtua. Ayahku yang dulu sekali, akan ikut melempar koin ke udara ketika menonton pertandingan sepak bola—karena wasitnya juga melakukan hal yang sama. Kemudian dia akan menebak bahwa hasilnya dan hasil wasit, sama. Kebanyakan tebakannya benar. Tapi monster yang akhir-akhir ini berjalan masuk ke kamar kontrakan kami yang kecil dan pengap milik kami saat itu, menggunakan koinnya—di putar di atas meja hingga jadi terlihat seperti gasing—untuk menentukan pilihan. Apakah aku, atau kakak, yang tidak boleh mendapat jatah makan dan menyiksa salah satu dari kami selama semalaman. Terkadang aku berada di pihak gambar, dan kakakku angka. Tapi posisi itu berganti tiap harinya. Kalau tidak berganti, mungkin seharusnya aku lah yang akan selalu kena, dan bukan nya malah kakak. Lalu aku bertanya-tanya, apa kakak akan membenciku nantinya setelah semua ini. Aku sangat takut hal itu terjadi, dan dengan hati-hati menanyakan hal itu kepada kakak. Dia bilang, \" Tidak mungkin. Tidak akan pernah ,\" Dan entah kenapa, itu membuatku semakin takut. Untuk mencegah hal itu terjadi, biasanya aku akan diam-diam menyimpan setengah makan malamku untuk di bagi ke kakak nantinya setelah monster itu tidur. Awalnya dia marah padaku karena takut ketahuan, tapi semakin hari tubuhnya yang semakin kurus dan berpostur tubuh jelek itu, tidak bisa menolaknya. Tapi tentu saja, suatu hari, aku ketahuan... Ganjarannya cukup setimpal, sebenarnya, kalau di bandingkan dengan usaha kakakku yang menjagaku untuk tetap jauh dari jangkauan si monster keji itu. Yah… sebenarnya, sih, aku memang ketahuan dan ayah murka. Tapi, kelakuan kakak lah yang membuatnya semakin marah. Saat memutuskan untuk menghukum siapa terlebih dahulu dengan caranya yang biasa—memutar koin. Aku pada angka, dan kakak pada gambar. Koin menunjukkan angka, dan kakak dengan frontalnya memutar sisi pada koin itu di depan mata si monster. Kami berdua pun di pukuli habis-habisan. Aku mungkin tuli, tapi aku berani sumpah, teriakan kakak yang tidak terdengar itu bisa dengan anehnya terdengar di kedua telinga dan menusuk masuk tepat ke jantungku. Monster itu boleh saja menjambak rambutku sesukanya hingga tercabut semua sampai ke akar-akarnya, atau menghajar habis tubuhku sampai semua tulangku hancur. Tapi saat ia melayangkan tinjunya ke wajah kakak—yang membuat kakak tentunya langsung terlempar mengantam dinding, aku langsung menerjangnya hingga ia jatuh ke lantai, dan memukulinya dengan segenap kekuatan yang ku punya. Tapi tentu saja, kekuatan anak umur 7 tahun yang tidak pernah diberi makanan sehat, kalah jauh dari kekuatan… seekor monster tidak berperasaan seperti dia . Aku mungkin masih ingat bagaimana aku bersuara—walau tidak terdengar di telingaku. Juga masih ingat bagimana monster itu menghempas tubuhku hingga terlempar cukup jauh darinya. Dan aku tidak akan mungkin lupa bagaimana rasanya sebagian wajahku—tepat di mata kananku, di ciprati air panas mendidih, sampai akhirnya aku kehilangan kesadaran karena itu terasa amat sangat sakit. Tapi setelah itu, aku tidak ingat apa-apa lagi kecuali tangan kakak yang menarikku untuk berlari. Oh, tapi aku ingat, di jaket kesayangannya menempel bercak-bercak merah mengerikan yang awalnya ku kira berasal dari tubuhnya sendiri. Tapi nampaknya, dia bisa berlari normal tanpa mengernyit kesakitan. Mungkin ini menjijikan, tapi aku merasa lega ketika mengetahui bahwa bercak-bercak merah itu adalah darah ayah yang sudah tidak diketahui lagi bagaimana keadaannya setelah kami meninggalkannya. ... Aku baru saja berniat untuk memutar koin lagi, ketika tertangkap dari sudut mataku ada seseorang memasuki ruangan. Aku menoleh hingga memutar badan, mengikutinya sampai orang itu duduk, bergabung bersama Bejo dan Reza. Laki-laki itu masih muda—mungkin seumuran denganku, atau mungkin juga lebih muda, entahlah—dan terlihat tampan, sebenarnya, kalau saja wajahnya tidak babak belur begitu, dan lagipula ekspresinya terlihat seram dan kelam. Ku lihat kakakku juga menatap pemuda itu dengan raut penasaran. Di sebelahnya, si Cecep tampak tidak perduli. Mungkin hanya aku dan kakakku yang belum pernah bertemu dengan pemuda ini. Tapi akhinya, aku pun memutuskan untuk tidak perduli dan kembali memutar tubuhku menghadap meja mini bar . Tanganku memutar koin, lagi… …... Lolos dari ayah saat itu rasanya seperti keluar dari kandang singa, dan masuk ke dalam hutan yang lebat dan asing. Mungkin ada lebih banyak lagi binatang-binatang yang jauh lebih berbahaya daripada monster itu. Apalagi saat itu kami berdua masih bocah, dan sendirian. Belum lagi mencari tempat untuk istirahat dari malam-malam dingin, berlindung dari hujan, dan makanan untuk membuat kami tetap hidup. Pada awalnya, semua terasa berat. Tapi, semakin lama, kami jadi semakin 'kreatif'… dan semakin konyol. Aku mulai mengemis kepada orang-orang di lampu merah, sedangkan kakakku… …kakakku kemana, ya? Aku tidak tahu. Tapi kami selalu berpencar dalam mencari uang. Lalu, berkumpul di tempat-tempat yang sudah di sepakati sebelumnya, dan pergi mencari makan. Begitu seterusnya. Tiap hari kami mencari lokasi baru agar tidak di jadikan bulan-bulanan oleh preman-preman yang ada di tiap lokasi, karena kami tanpa izin mendatangi wilayah-wilayah mereka. Tiap hari juga, kakak selalu pulang dengan wajah pucat, namun uang banyak. Malah, sempat beberapa kali ia membawa pulang pakaian-pakaian baru untukku dan dia. Saat ku tanya, apakah dia sakit, dia akan menjawab kalau dia baik-baik saja dan langsung menarikku pergi untuk mencari makan dan tempat untuk tidur yang baru. Sampai akhirnya aku sadar, kalau selama ini ia selalu mencuri. …... Kakakku yang mencintaiku lebih dari aku mencintainya. Satu-satunya orang yang rela membuat jaket kesayangannya kotor terkena darah orang yang kami benci itu. Satu-satunya orang yang selalu melompat jauh di depanku untuk menjadi tameng yang melindungiku dari bahaya apapun. Kakakku yang selalu memprioritaskan kebutuhanku dari kebutuhannya sendiri. Orang yang selalu menanyakan \" ada apa? \" kepadaku tiap waktu. Mungkin dia selalu bertanya-tanya tentang apa yang ku pikirkan, padahal yang ku pikirkan hanyalah dia seorang. Kakakku yang curang… Dia mungkin selalu mengeluh, entah dalam hati atau secara lisan—walaupun aku tidak pernah benar-benar mendengar keluhannya itu. Aku tidak bisa menyalahkannya dalam urusan apapun, karena aku lah alasan utama yang membuatnya melakukan hal-hal tersebut. Aku percaya padanya, dan dia akan selalu menjagaku. Kami saling menjaga. Aku tidak mau kehilangan dia… …dan Bejo pernah merenggutnya dariku sekali. ... Semua orang yang ada di dunia pasti tahu, kalau mencuri hak milik orang lain tentu adalah salah satu dari perbuatan yang susah di maafkan. Mau alasannya seperti apapun juga. Tapi, kakakku tidak perduli. Lagipula dia cukup cerdik untuk bisa menghindari orang-orang dan lolos dari kejaran masa. Hanya saja, bukankah ada peribahasa yang berbunyi; semakin tinggi tupai melompat, semakin keras jatuhnya nanti... … oh, bukan begitu, ya, bunyi peribahasanya? Yah pokoknya, kurang lebih begitu lah. Mana aku tahu. Aku, kan, tidak pernah sekolah. Jadi, seharusnya hari itu, setelah selesai mengumpulkan uang, kami berkumpul di sebuah gang kecil sebelah rumah kosong—tempat yang sudah kami sepakati sebelumnya. Tapi, yang muncul saat itu bukanlah kakakku, melainkan orang-orang yang berpakaian rapi. Mereka terlihat seperti pelayan-pelayan di restoran-restoran mewah, kalau saja saat itu mereka tidak berusaha menyeretku dengan paksa. Ini penculikan? Pikirku panik. Kenapa aku di culik? Siapa yang menculikku? Pada detik-detik aku memberontak dari pemaksaan itu, aku berharap kakak akan datang untuk menolongku. Muncul dengan tiba-tiba dan menghajar beberapa dari mereka, lalu kami akan kabur bersama sejauh mungkin. Tapi kakakku tidak pernah datang, dan itu membuat rasa takutku terhadap apa yang akan terjadi nantinya, berubah menjadi rasa takut yang selama ini mati-matian ku kubur dalam-dalam, jauh dalam benakku. Bahwa akhirnya, kesabaran kakak terhadapku sudah lenyap. Dia menyerah terhadapku. Dia meninggalkanku . Lalu, yang terakhir ku ingat hanyalah aku yang sedang terbengong-bengong di sebuah ruangan, di awasi oleh dua orang laki-laki yang tengah asyik mengobrol. Aku memeriksa seluruh tubuhku, tapi aku tidak menemukan adanya luka-luka baru. Aku baik-baik saja, sepertinya. Aku baik-baik saja, tapi juga takut. Sangat takut. Hanya saja, aku terlalu lelah untuk menangis. Akhirnya ku putuskan untuk tidur saja. …... Entah sudah berapa jam ku lewati, dan aku juga tidak tahu apakah sekarang sudah pagi atau malah sudah siang. Tapi aku tidak perduli itu semua. Karena setelah menunggu beberapa menit setelah aku terbangun dari tidur panjangku, aku melihat sosoknya… Kakakku, berjalan dengan lunglai ke arahku. Aku tidak bisa menahan diri untuk tidak tersenyum lega ketika melihatnya, dan dia membalas dengan senyuman lemah. Kemudian, kedua tangannya bergerak. \" Maaf, ya… Apa mereka kasar padamu? \" Aku terdiam, menimbang-nimbang apakah di angkat dan di masukkan ke mobil dengan paksa itu termasuk perbuatan kasar atau tidak. Tapi akhirnya aku menggeleng, karena aku pernah mengalami hal-hal yang jauh lebih buruk. Aku bertanya kepadanya, apakah dia baik-baik saja. Tapi untuk sesaat, kakak mentapku tapi pandangannya terlihat menerawang jauh. Kemudian, dia menggerakkan tangannya untuk menyapu rambut yang menutupi sebagian wajahku—tempat dimana luka melepuh karena air panas yang di siram ayah kepadaku dulu. Saat itu, aku baru sadar kalau pengelihatan mata kananku mungkin sudah rusak. Karena aku tidak bisa melihat kakakku dengan jelas lewat mata kanan. Hanya lewat mata kiriku, aku melihat seseorang berjalan dan berdiri di ambang pintu. Dan entah kenapa, tiba-tiba suhu ruangan itu menurun drastis. Aku juga berani bersumpah, bahwa aku melihat adanya uap embun yang keluar dari mulut dan hidung kakakku ketika ia berbicara sesuatu yang tidak bisa aku dengar. Di sini benar-benar dingin. Laki-laki yang ku lihat tadi berjalan memasuki ruangan, dan semakin lama suhu semakin dingin. Naluriku yang sudah terbiasa untuk menghindari bahaya apapun langsung memerintahkanku untuk menarik kakak menjauh dari orang asing itu. Ketenangannya—orang asing itu, mengingatkanku kepada monster itu . Ketenangan yang berujung kehancuran bagi kami. Tapi kakak tidak bergeming, sama sekali. Ia hanya membelai pipiku seraya mulutnya bergerak-gerak, seolah-olah ia tengah berbicara padaku. Ayolah, aku tidak bisa mendengarmu! Aku tidak mengerti kau bilang apa! Pikirku marah. Setiap langkah yang di ambil laki-laki itu untuk mendekati kami, semakin aku merasa bahwa mungkin suhu tubuhku tersedot keluar begitu saja. Bahkan aku melihat kakakku menggigil sekilas dan menunduk, sebelum akhirnya dia bangkit dan bergeser untuk membuka jalan. Tunggu… apa? Apa-apaan ini? Apa kakak akan menjualku kepada orang ini? Tunggu… Tunggu! Aku memejamkan kedua mataku dan memalingkan muka ketika tangan laki-laki itu menggapaiku. Tangannya yang tertutup sarung tangan menyentuh kepalaku, dan menepuknya dengan lembut beberapa kali. Dengan memberanikan diri, aku membuka mata perlahan. Aku bisa melihatnya dengan jelas sekarang, lewat mata kiriku. Laki-laki ini memiliki mata yang terlihat kosong, seperti permukaan es. Mata hitam kecoklatan yang nyaris seperti kelabu, saking suramnya. Wajahnya datar dan tegas, tapi terlihat rileks. Dia berjongkok dan bertopang pada tongkat di tangannya, di hadapanku. Untuk beberapa saat, aku masih bingung dengan penurunan suhu yang drastis. Tapi, setelah melihat ke sekeliling, orang-orang di sekitarku mengenakan jaket-jaket tebal—bahkan kakak mengenakan sebuah hoodie lumayan tebal yang entah ia dapatkan dari mana. Jadi, suhu dingin ini sama sekali bukan halusinasiku saja. Aku tidak sadar sejak kapan tubuhku berhenti gemetar, tapi yang ku tahu pasti, laki-laki itu tersenyum kepadaku. Senyum yang terlihat seperti dipaksakan. Akhirnya, karena tidak tahan dengan pengamatan yang terlalu dekat itu, aku melemparkan pandangan ke arah kakak. Meminta penjelasan. Tapi yang menjawab justru adalah laki-laki di hadapanku ini. Kedua tangannya bergerak, membuatku tertegun. \" Mulai saat ini, kamu… dan dia —laki-laki itu menunjuk kakak— akan tinggal, dan bekerja kepadaku .\" Lalu, lima menit kemudian, dia meninggalkanku dan kakaku, yang di giring langsung menuju sebuah ruang makan. Saat itu aku tidak perduli dengan banyaknya makanan yang tersedia di atas meja. Aku juga tidak perduli dengan keberadaan orang-orang yang mengawal kami sedari awal, mengawasi kakakku makan dengan brutalnya. Kakakku sudah hampir tidak pernah tersenyum lagi setelah kami mengalami begitu banyak cobaan berat. Tapi kali ini, dia terlihat bahagia walau tidak tersenyum sama sekali. Dan hanya itu saja, yang aku perdulikan. …... Waktu berlalu, dan semakin banyak hal ku pelajari. Rupanya, tupai yang sudah terlalu tinggi melompat—kakakku yang sudah terlalu sering mencuri, akhirnya jatuh juga—ketahuan. Tapi bedanya, dia terjatuh dan di tangkap oleh seorang manusia yang benar. Jadi, tidak terlalu fatal, kurasa. Mungkin bekerja dengan orang itu, termasuk salah satu perjanjian yang di buat kakakku karena takut di habisi oleh orang-orang yang memergoki perbuatannya. Itu keputusan yang cukup adil, sebenarnya. Kakak merampas hak milik orang lain, di bayar dengan mengabdi dengan orang yang terampas itu seumur hidup kakak—seumur hidup kami. Nama bosku, yang waktu itu menolong kami, adalah Bejo. Nama yang terlalu biasa untuk orang yang eksentrik seperti dia— tapi, dalam bahasa Jawa, 'Bejo' berarti beruntung. Jadi… yah … aku tidak bisa berkomentar apa-apa lagi . Hanya saja, pertolongan darinya itu juga membutuhkan biaya yang harus kami bayar; seperti apa yang ia katakan sebelumnya, kami harus bekerja untuknya. Awalnya, pekerjaan kami hanyalah sebagai mata-mata di jalanan. Mendengar percakapan orang-orang yang di buru Bejo— oh ya, aku lupa mengatakan kalau Bejo adalah bos dari sebuah organisasi gelap, semacam mafia. Tapi yang lebih spesifiknya, aku tidak tahu, dan aku tidak mau ambil pusing untuk perduli . Lalu, jika sudah dapat cukup banyak informasi, kami akan pulang ke Bejo dan melaporkannya. Ia pun akan memberi kami hadiah-hadiah kecil seperti makanan dan pakaian sebagai tip untuk kami. Lewat pekerjaan itu, aku belajar membaca gerak mulut orang untuk mengetahui apa yang mereka ucapkan. Dan yang awalnya mengajariku adalah Pak Cecep— saat itu, aku masih tidak punya gambaran sama sekali, tentang siapa dirinya dan pekerjaan apa yang di tanggungnya dari Bejo. Tahun demi tahun pun berlalu. Aku bertambah mahir ini-itu, dan kakak bertambah cerdik juga kuat. Pekerjaan yang di bebankan kepada kami pun semakin banyak. Bejo sering mewanti-wanti, kalau pertumpahan darah sama sekali tidak di perlukan jika tidak terdesak. Aku dan kakakku juga mengerti hal itu, dan kami semakin berhati-hati dengan tiap gerakan yang kami buat, karena musuh kami semakin hari semakin banyak dan berbahaya. Tapi Bejo lebih sering lagi mengatakan, kalau manusia tentu punya batasan-batasan tersendiri. Dan sekali lagi, kakakku tidak akan segan-segan melewati batasannya sendiri, jika itu memang harus ia lakukan untuk menjaga orang-orang yang ia sayangi. ... Mengerikan . Hanya itu lah yang terlintas di benakku, ketika aku melihatnya. Aku tidak pernah jijik dengan darah—maksudku, ayolah… aku seorang perempuan . Aku juga tidak akan ragu untuk menginjak kubangan darah, dari korban-korban yang berhasil ku habisi dengan tanganku sendiri. Itu karena mereka memang salah, dan pantas mendapatkannya . Pikirku. Aku juga tidak keberatan untuk menjahit luka-luka yang bertambah setiap hari nya di tubuh kakakku setelah bertempur habis-habisan. Aku bahkan masih ingat pertumpahan darah pertama yang aku lakukan, dan jujur saja… aku tidak menyesalinya. Tapi, entah kenapa… saat melihat kakak membunuh seseorang dengan mata kepalaku sendiri… Tidak… dia begitu mirip dengan orang itu … Aku terkejut dengan pemikiranku sendiri, dan dengan cepat mengenyahkannya, lalu berjalan mendekati kakakku yang masih berdiri dan terengah-engah. Di tangannya, sebuah tongkat pemukul besi berwarna perak seolah di cat ulang dengan cat berwarna merah—terlalu banyak darah yang ada. Dia menyadari kehadiranku, kemudian dengan buru-buru dia menjatuhkan benda di tangannya, lalu memeriksa keadaanku. Tapi, aku langsung menepis tangannya. Kau mengerikan … Aku menatapnya, mencoba mengalirkan kegetiran perasaanku tanpa memberitahunya. Untuk beberapa saat, kakak hanya menatapku bingung. Lalu, ia membuka kacamata hitamku—pemberian Bejo, yang selama ini menutupi luka di mata kananku. Aku masih menatapnya tajam, dan dia masih menatapku, mencari-cari sesuatu di keheningan yang kubuat. Aku baru sadar, betapa miripnya kami. Mungkin jika kakak adalah seorang perempuan, maka dia akan benar-benar terlihat seperti kembaranku. Begitu juga denganku, bila aku seorang laki-laki, maka aku akan menjelma seperti dia. Lalu, aku jadi teringat… masa-masa dimana aku menangis karena merindukan ibu. \" Ada apa? \" Tanya kakak, masih bingung karena aku tidak bereaksi apa-apa. Tapi aku tidak sedang bersama dirinya sekarang, karena jiwaku telah kembali lagi ke masa lalu… Aku ingat, bagaimana sakitnya merindukan orang yang meninggalkan kita untuk selamanya. Aku juga ingat, bagaimana rasanya di khianati orang yang paling kita cintai. Aku tentu masih ingat, bagaimana aku berusaha untuk menangis sekencang mungkin, berharap untuk setidaknya bisa mendengar suaraku sendiri. Dan aku, juga, masih ingat, bagaimana aku rasanya ingin mati saja, karena merindukan ibu. Merindukan senyumannya dan kedua tangannya yang merawatku dengan sabar. Tapi, setiap aku menangis, kakak akan selalu ikut menangis bersamaku… dan itu memuakkan. Aku tidak tahan melihat wajahnya yang merintih seperti kesakitan, tapi tidak bisa mendengar suaranya. Karena aku tahu… kami berdua sangat, sangat merindukan ibu. Lalu, semakin hari, kami semakin berusaha untuk membiasakan diri dengan itu semua. Walaupun kami tahu, kami tidak akan sanggup. Tapi, kakak yang menyadari hal itu… menemukan caranya sendiri untuk menenangkanku. Ketika aku sudah mulai bergelung diri dalam dunia gelapku, bersiap untuk menangis lagi, kakak akan muncul di sebelahku dan memberikan sebuah cermin. Lalu, kedua tangannya bergerak. \" Lihat… ada ibu di situ ,\" Awalnya, aku tidak mengerti apa maksudnya. Sampai akhirnya kakak merapihkan sedikit rambutku, menatanya, dan aku melihatnya… …bayangan sosokku di cermin, yang begitu persis dengan ibu kami. Aku kembali tertarik ke kenyataan, ketika kakak menghentak lembut kedua bahuku. Lagi-lagi kedua tangannya bergerak dan bertanya, \" ada apa?! \" Aku tidak langsung menjawabnya, melainkan melirik ke arah tubuh tak bernyawa milik korban yang baru saja di renggut oleh kakakku, kemudian ke sebuah bola baseball yang tergeletak tak jauh darinya. Lalu, aku memberanikan diri untuk melepaskan diri dari kakakku, tersenyum sekilas, sebelum akhirnya menggerakkan kedua tanganku. \" Kakak ganteng, tapi juga cantik… seperti ibu, \" ujarku. Kemudian… dengan perlahan, di wajah yang awalnya terlihat bingung dan keheranan itu, sebuah senyuman berkembang. Senyuman pertamanya sejak bekerja dengan Bejo. Aku pun melanjutkan; \" Kakak benar, kita berdua mirip ibu. \" Aku mengakhirinya dengan anggukan mantap. Kemudian, tanpa aba-aba, kakakku langsung berjinjit dan memelukku dengan tubuh bergetar—sepertinya dia tertawa. Tawa yang sebenarnya tidak terdengar di telingaku, tapi dengan anehnya, terdengar hingga ke sanubariku. Tertancap di jantungku, mengalir ke seluruh tubuhku, dan menumpulkan rasa sakit dari luka-luka yang masih baru seperti obat dari segala obat. Mungkin, selama ini, hanya itulah yang ingin dia dengar dariku. Mungkin, selama ini, dia lah yang selalu takut… Mungkin, selama ini, kakakku selalu takut berubah menjadi seperti ayah kami dulu. Monster brutal tidak berperasaan. Seharusnya, kami saling mendukung. Karena kami sama-sama takut akan hal itu . Bejo pernah membicarakan tentang hal ini denganku, tanpa sepengetahuan dirinya. Bahwa aku memang tidak perlu takut pada kakakku. Karena hanya aku lah, alasan utamanya untuk terus bertahan hidup selama ini. Seperti aku, yang tidak akan mungkin sanggup hidup tanpa kakak. ….. Aku tahu kalau aku baru menyadari hal-hal kecil yang seharusnya sedari dulu aku menyadarinya. Seperti aku baru sadar, kalau kakak suka bengong ketika Bejo menjelaskan sesuatu, kemudian setelah kembali lagi ke kenyataan, dia hanya akan berjalan mengikuti orang-orang untuk mencari tahu sendiri tentang apa yang harus ia lakukan. Baru sadar, kalau kakak selalu menyimpan satu koin di bajunya. Walau tidak menyentuhnya sama sekali, apalagi memutarnya. Karena itu mengingatkannya kepada ayah kami dulu. Ayah kami yang dulu sekali . Atau, mungkin aku juga baru sadar, kalau dia sebenarnya tidak terlalu buruk dalam menghadapi wanita. Hanya saja dia tidak terlalu percaya diri… Seperti aku yang tidak percaya diri untuk menunjukkan luka yang ada di wajahku. Aku baru sadar, kalau kami selalu bekerja secara terpisah . Bejo mengantisipasi hal itu karena takut, jika kami bekerja sama dalam memburu orang tertentu, kami tidak bisa konsenterasi pada diri kami masing-masing. Yang tentunya, akan berujung kacau balau. Bejo tidak suka—benci, malah—pada kekacauan. Benar-benar sesuatu yang tidak profesional, baginya. Aku juga baru sadar, bahwa Bejo baru saja menyuruh kami untuk melakukan sesuatu. Karena kakak tiba-tiba menepuk lenganku dan menarikku dari tempat duduk tanpa berkata apa-apa. Si Cecep juga ikut. Beberapa orangnya Bejo juga ikut meninggalkan ruang makan mewah itu. Dan kalau Pak Cecep ikut… berarti ada sesuatu yang gawat, ya … pikirku baru sadar. Aku mengamati, mencari hal-hal baru yang belum aku sadari sebelumnya… Kakak selalu berjalan menunduk dan bongkok jika mau membunuh orang. Dia juga berjalan dengan menyeret kedua kakinya dengan agak terseok-seok—seperti bagaimana ia hanya akan menyeret tongkat pemukul besi-nya sebelum mulai berperang. Dia selalu memakai penutup kepala hoodie -nya, seperti kebiasaan ayah kami dulu yang memakai topi untuk melindungi kepalanya. Karena dia akan merasa aman dan nyaman jika kepalanya terlindungi. Di balik kekarnya tubuh kakak, sebenarnya dia agak lemah terhadap dingin. Mungkin gara-gara kebiasaannya dulu yang suka begadang untuk terus menjagaku. Aku tidak bisa menyalahkannya, karena dia pernah mengalami hal-hal yang jauh lebih buruk dariku. Hanya saja, berbeda denganku, dia sama sekali tidak malu untuk menunjukkan bekas-bekas luka yang ada di sekujur tubuhnya. Itu membuatnya teringat bahwa dia pernah lemah . Entah itu supaya dia bisa menambah kekuatannya… atau mengingatkan diri sendiri untuk tidak sering-sering melewati batas sendiri… atau malah untuk menakuti orang-orang agar tidak macam-macam dengannya—atau denganku. Lalu… Oh, ya. Kakak berotot, tapi tingginya lebih pendek dariku. Dia agak sensi dengan hal itu, dan membuat kami jadi saling bersaing dalam urusan kekuatan—yang aku sama sekali tidak perdulikan, karena bagi ku, kakak lah yang terkuat. Walau dia sangat menghormati Bejo, terkadang rasa hormatnya itu dikarenakan ia takut dengan Bejo. Dan dia benci sekali akan hal itu. Menurutnya, manusia di ciptakan bukan untuk di takuti. Tapi tetap saja … Beda denganku… aku sama sekali tidak takut dengan Bejo. Aku justru merasa agak geli dengan sosoknya yang masih muda tapi dengan sengaja ia tua-tuakan itu. Tidak terlalu pantas untuknya yang sebenarnya memiliki ketampanan sendiri dan karisma laki-laki yang bisa memikat wanita mana saja. Yang aku agak seram sebenarnya si Cecep… Saat kami berbelok memasuki dapur, Pak Tua itu menatap sekeliling dengan matanya yang tajam. Ada aura tersendiri yang ia bawa—aura yang gelap. Berbeda dari Bejo yang membawa dingin, ia membawa kekelaman yang bisa menelan siapa saja jika berada di dekatnya. Dia dan Bejo—Kekelaman yang dingin, adalah kesatuan yang benar-benar sempurna. Padahal sebenarnya—sama seperti Bejo yang diam-diam memiliki kehangatan dari balik sifatnya yang dingin—Pak Cecep juga demikian. Dia adalah pelatih kami sejak kecil, mengajari kami ini-itu dengan sabar, dan paling mengerti tentang kami. Dia juga, kalau tidak dapat tugas dari Bejo, mungkin hanya akan berbuat jahil kecil-kecilan kepada orang-orang. Kakak pernah menjadi salah satu korbannya. Tapi, mafia tetaplah mafia… Bermain dengan wanita, minum-minum, dan pesta pora seenaknya sudah menjadi kebiasaan bagi kami—apalagi bagi Cecep yang sering sekali menjadi pembunuh berdarah dingin, butuh refreshing. Hanya saja, aku lega tidak ada yang berani menggodaku—melempar pandangan genit pun tidak pernah. Mungkin karena aku agak cacat, atau karena orang-orang ini tahu tentang kisahku, atau karena adanya kehadiran kakak yang selalu menjagaku… Hari ini, koki-koki memasak sesuatu yang spesial. Karena kata Bejo, hari ini adalah hari spesial. Untuk beberapa saat, kakak dan Pak Cecep mengobrol dengan beberapa koki. Mungkin mereka menyadari adanya makanan kesukaan mereka yang akan di masak juga untuk merayakan hari spesial ini. Setelah itu, aku dan kakak berpisah dengan Pak Cecep. Entah Karena alasan apa, dia lebih memilih untuk tetap tinggal di Dapur. Aku melihat kakak sempat mencibirnya sebentar sebelum akhirnya kami keluar dari dapur, dan beberapa Koki senyum-senyum melihat tingkah keduanya. Dasar. Oh iya… aku baru sadar… kalau baru kali ini aku dan kakak bekerja bersama. Ah, tidak masalah... Itu berarti, pekerjaan kami akan lebih cepat selesainya . Kakak bisa makan makanan kesukaannya, dan aku juga bisa istirahat. Tidak ada yang rugi, kan ? Lagipula, setelah ini… mungkin aku akan memperbaiki beberapa hal; seperti memberitahu kakakku untuk jangan memasang wajah jutek terus. Atau menyuruhnya mencukur rambut-rambut kecil yang mulai tumbuh memanjang di dagu hingga bawah telinganya, juga mencukur kumisnya. Dia pasti akan terlihat lebih tampan jadinya. [ F I N. ] [Author's note] If Gareth Evans (or/with Very Tri Yulisman and Julie Estelle, too, probably.) EVER finds this ff in the future, I'm gonna get so much criticize from him. If . This ff has a super low standart story-line, I know. Too cliche and disgustingly cheesy. I don't even know why am I making this thing. Forgive me. I think the only thing I know is, that I can't help myself but to APPRECIATE such as \"protective siblings\". Especially older brothers to the younger ones. Bleh. Gausah sok bahasa inggris lagi deh ah. Seperti biasa, mohon maaf dan maklumnya kepada segala bentuk dan macam typo yang sudah saya buat dengan tidak-berperiperkalimatanyangbaikdanbenar-nya Kalau ada kalimat-kalimat yang nggak nyambung sama alur, please , lewatin aja. Jangan di pikirin, jangan kebawa mimpi. Also… Ending-nya emang sengaja di bikin ngegantung kayak gitu. Kenapa? Karena! Pertama , ff ini pake point-of-view dari orang pertama-pelaku utama. Dan lagipula, kita semua kan juga udah tau, ujung-ujungnya si Hammergirl mati. Dan karena alesan pertama itu juga, gue NGGAK bisa ngontrol diri gue buat NGGAK kebawa arus terror, ketika menghadapi kematian. ANYWAYS, THANK YOU SO MUCH BUAT YANG UDAH MAU RELA-RELA BUANG WAKTU BUAT NGEBACA INI FF. Dan sekali lagi… di mohon dengan sangat, meninggalkan Review kritik&saran; dalam bentuk apapun. Biar gue makin pinter jadinya. ","Summary":" Summary : A The Raid 2: Berandal fanfiction. Title explains everything. One-shot . Character(s) : M"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"36 weeks later","Author":"Agent.Badass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8337723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alysonn We were told the infection had reached the walls. The military tried to keep it quiet but people found out quickly and began to panic. Evacuation was called and the rendezvous points were at all the high schools. When you check in they handed you a room assignment that you had to wait until your room was cleared and then they led you out to the trucks and drove you off to either the big KC-135s to the other safe zones or you were driven to the nearest safe zone. They took me straight from the labs to the school and handed me my room assignment. I knew the room, it was my old English room. This would be one of the last if not the last room to be evacuated. I was ushered into the room and the door was shut and locked behind me. I knew all the faces in the room. Mr. Green, Maria, Hank, Lucas, and then myself. They didn't want to fill the classrooms up to make sure the containment held. A few hours had passed and when we heard the screams we knew all hope of killing the infection was lost. I jumped up on the air conditioning unit and looked out the now barred windows to see people running in all directions and the snipers on top of the school shooting anything that moved. All the trucks took off full of people or completely empty. \"They're leaving us.\" I said softly before turning away from the window. \"What? NO that can't just leave us. None of us are infected!\" Hank yelled before he got up to look out the window. \"They will come back for us. They just need more reinforcements.\" I said trying to convince everyone including myself that is just what they were doing. \"Oh that's a load of bullshit, Aly. Let's face it we're as good as dead.\" Lucas spat. \"I c-can't die like th-this!\" Maria cried. I walked over to her and put an arm around her trying to comfort her. \"Mr. Green is there anyway out of here? I mean you should know, this is your classroom!\" I asked getting worried. \"They sealed everything up. I've looked.\" He replied. \"Shit.\" I muttered under my breath. I smoothed Maria's hair to try to calm her. She was always a worry-wart. She cried softly and the guys began to try to come up with a plan, all I knew is that we didn't have much time before the infected made their way here. XXXXXX After our attempt at trying to contain the infection in Britain failed I was shipped back home where somebody from London had carried the infection overseas into the US. I was ordered to help with evacuation in the city Raleigh but that quickly failed and we were pushed back to Wichita. The military base was taking people down to Wichita Falls and other various military bases around the country. I was put on the Delta Rooftop Unit sniper. My job, the same as London, was to watch for the infected trying to break the barrier. When they broke through all hell broke loose. People began to run in all direction making it hard to determine if they were infected or just scared. I did the unthinkable and abandoned my post. I knew there were still people inside, locked in rooms. I made my way inside and checked all the rooms. \"Anybody still in this room?\" I called banging on each door as I went down the halls. Each door answered with silence. I turned a corner and yelled down the short hallway with only four rooms. I began to turn away when I heard people answer and bang on the door. \"Stand back I'm going to have to shoot the lock on the door.\" I told them and when I was sure they had cleared I pulled the trigger demolishing the strong padlock. I twisted the handle and opened the door expecting to see at least twelve to twenty people but only saw five. \"Is this all?\" I asked. \"Yes. We are the only ones in here.\" A girl with dark brown hair and blue eyes stood up and stepped forward answering my question. \"Alright. Well I'm Sergeant Doyle follow me and do exactly as I say.\" I tell them and they all nod quickly getting up to follow him. Before leaving the room I turn around to face them again. \"Be my shadow and run low and fast.\" I tell them my eyes meeting the girl's. Again they all nod and then I turn around and begin down the hall. I signal for them to stop and I look around the corner for any other military personal or worse any infected. The hall is all cleared and I begin to move with them in tow closely behind. It doesn't take long before I realize that all the classrooms have been emptied of people being kept there. These people were left here to die. I become very angry at this and curse under my breath but it didn't go unnoticed. \"What?\" she girl asked. \"Nothing.\" I reply. \"Bull. Why did you say fuck?\" a boy with shaggy blonde hair spoke up. \"You all were left there. There is nobody left in the school.\" I say looking at them. \"What do you mean?\" a small girl with red hair and green eyes speaks up. \"I mean-\" \"He means that we were left there to die.\" The other girl speaks up. The rest of them look at me and I only nod my head to confirm it. \"Why would they just leave us?\" The adult asks getting angry. \"I don't know. They may have just forgot you were in there.\" I say trying to confront them. \"I don't believe it. They left us there for a reason. I want to know why Doyle.\" The shaggy blonde said. \"It's Sergeant Doyle to you, and I don't have answers I can give to you, boy.\" I tell him. \" It's Lucas, and you better freaking find out before I take your gun and shoot you in the head and feed you to those motherfuckers.\" He says standing up before the blue eyed girl pushes him back making him stumble. \"What the hell, Aly. Whose side are you on?\" he asks getting in her face. \"Obviously the side that is going to help us.\" She said taking a step back and Lucas took a step towards her and that's when I pushed him back and he fell. \"Stay out of her face or I will shoot you, so help me God.\" I threaten. His face showed that he was afraid. I turned around to see her looking at me. \"Are you okay, miss?\" I ask her. \"I'm fine. And it's Alysonn but you can call me Aly, Sergeant Doyle.\" She says. \"Doyle.\" I tell her before turning back around. \"If we're done here let's get going.\" First chapter DONE! I'm going to work on chapter 2 and upload tonight! Review please?(:[Chapter 2] Alysonn We followed Doyle just as he had told us to. We reached the hallway with the library and seating area and had to stop so Doyle could scope out the area. He gave us the all clear and he began to move forward and I took a small step after him but Maria's grip stopped me. I turned around and saw why she stopped. \"Doyle!\" I whispered. He turned around and quickly rushed back to us his hand on my cheek he made me look at him. \"Hey, I need you all to get behind me slowly and quietly.\" He said I nodded and pulled Maria with me behind Doyle. The boys silently followed us as Doyle crept to the front and took his aim before shooting all four of the infected down. I cringed when I saw one of the now dead infected was a little boy about seven or eight years old. Maria let out a small scream then began to sob. I pulled her to me in an embrace and began to tell her it would be alright. \"He had to shoot them, Maria. They would have come after us.\" I tell her. \"It's not that. One of the in-infected that was just sh-shot was my brother, John.\" She sobbed into my shoulder. Her brother was the little boy I had just watched fall to the ground after Sergeant Doyle shot him. \"Why is she crying now?\" Lucas snapped. \"She just watched her little brother as an infected then have to be shot.\" I said still holding her. \"I'm sorry Maria. I didn't know.\" Lucas said instantly reaching out to her. I looked up at Doyle who had eyes full of sorrow. \"I'm sorry Maria. I wish there would have been a way to save him.\" He said. She only nodded before letting go of me. She still held onto my arm like she was scared to leave my side. I felt bad about her brother so I didn't push her away and we just followed Doyle quietly once again following any instructions he gave us. After about twenty minutes we came to the student parking lot. \"What are we doing?\" I asked Doyle. \"We have to get to the base. I'm guessing that's the new rendezvous point for any survivors. We just have to get there quickly.\" He said. I looked around for a vehicle but in all honestly there wasn't a single car in the parking lot that hadn't been torched. \"I know where a car that most likely still works is.\" I said remembering my friend Amber's black jeep. \"How far?\" he asked looking at me. \"A few blocks east of here. Over on Harris street.\" I tell him and point in the direction of her house. \"Your sure it's there?\" he asks. \"Yes she has been out of town for like three weeks and I know where she keeps the spare.\" I answer. \"Alright then we are going to Harris. We begin to walk through the parking lot weave our way through burning cars and other rumble. We run across a major road and then turned down a small alley too small for any car to make it down. We passed a few more streets when I finally recognized a few houses; we had made it to Harris. Amber's house was the white house on the end of the road with the wrought iron fence around the front. \"Which house is it?\" Doyle asks me. \"See the white house down there with the fence?\" I ask him. \"Yeah, that it?\" he asks. I nod my head and we begin to walk again towards Amber's house. We arrive within minutes and make out way immediately back to her garage. I quickly type in the access code and the door slides up to show her 2009 four door Jeep Wrangler. I run over to the small pond she has in her backyard and fish around in it for the 'stone' that holds her jeep's key. When I finally find it I pull it out of the water and slide the little door off and grab the key and abandon the plastic rock in the grass and get up and turn around to be met with an infected Amber. XXXX-Doyle Lucas, Hank, Green, and Maria get in the back of the jeep and I wait on the passenger side of the car for Aly to return with the key. A few minutes passed and I began to get worried that's when I heard the shrill scream. I bolt in the direction of where Aly had disappeared. When I round the corner I see an infected has Aly pinned to the ground and Aly is struggling with all the power she has in her. \"Aly get down as far as you can!\" I yell at her. \"Doyle!\" she screams as the infected lady begins to go after Ali's neck and I take that as the only chance to kill her. I aim at the back of her head and pull the trigger and the lady falls right on top of Aly. Aly quickly pushes the dead woman off of her and she crawls away from the body. 'Please don't let her be bitten' I pray as I run to her. \"Aly, are you okay?\" I ask her. She only nods her head before turning around to vomit in a bush. I hold her hair out of her face as her stomach empties into the plant. When she is finished she crawls to the pond and dips her hands in and scrubs off the blood from her face. \"Amber's blood is all over me! I can't get it off!\" she cries. I walk over to her and pull her to me where she begins to sob. \"Nothing is going to happen to you, I swear.\" I say letting her cry until she stops. She pulls away and goes back to where her friend Amber's body lays. She lightly pushes her over enough to see the key to the jeep. I pull her up and hug her to me again and then we go back to the car. I get in the passenger side and she takes the driver's side. She starts the vehicle and backs out of the driveway. We take the deserted highway East until she gets off at an exit and then continues to turn right. It's another ten minutes drive when we finally reach the base. What we see isn't what we were hoping to see at all.[Chapter 3] Doyle Arrive at the base, take the refugees to the check in, and get my next assignment; that was the plan, until when we arrived at the base gates and the entire place was deserted. No planes or vehicles at all. On the grounds were tons of bodies. The infected hadn't just infiltrated the safe zone but they had reached the base too. \"What do we do, Sergeant?\" Green asked from the back. \"Follow the road around to check for any survivors, Aly.\" I tell her pointing at the winding road. She nods her head and continues down the road at a moderate speed. We had gone around most of the base with no survivors spotted. We had almost given up when Aly slammed on the breaks. \"What's wrong?\" I ask her. \"I see something.\" She says pointing to a building. I look in the direction and see what she is seeing. A form moving slowly and slightly limping. I grab my gun and go investigate hoping it is somebody that knows where everybody has gone. \"Stop! Right there! I swear to God I will shoot you!\" she calls. I lower my gun and drop it down to my side. \"I'm Sergeant Doyle from the Delta Sniper Unit.\" I call out letting her know I'm not infected. She hesitantly lowers her gun and makes her way over to me. \"Major Kayla Aarons. I work in the med. field. I was just grabbing some of my charts when they attacked. I was knocked unconscious and fell down some stairs twisting my ankle. When I woke up everybody and all the planes and cars were gone.\" She says shifting a backpack so the weight is off her hurt ankle. \"Do you know where they all went?\" I ask her. \"Wichita Falls, maybe, or Denver.\" She says. \"Follow me. I have a car of survivors and we're going to track down everybody.\" I say taking on of her arms and putting it over my shoulder to support her weight and we head back to the jeep. Hank moves to the back with Maria and Major Aarons is put in his spot and I climb back in. I tell Aly to head in the direction of Denver to try that base before Texas. XXXX- Alysonn We picked up a field medic form the base that was stranded after being left there. Doyle then told me to drive to Denver where that base would hopefully still be intact and under control. I only nodded and once again got on the deserted interstate. A few hours of driving I looked at the gas gage and groaned. \"What?\" Major Aarons asked hearing me groan. \"We are low on gas.\" I say quietly. Aarons and I are the only ones awake at the moment, but I know I will have to wake up Doyle so we can get some gas. \"Doyle.\" I say softly. No response is given other than steady breathing. \"Doyle.\" I say louder this time nudging him awake. He blinks a few times and shakes his head until he is fully awake. \"What is it?\" He asks looking. I bite down on my lower lip as my arm begins to burn slightly. He continues to look at me before touching my burning arm. \"Don't touch it, please!\" I breath in agony. He immediately pulls his hand back and his face shifts from sleep to worry. \"What's wrong? Did anything happen?\" he asks. \"No. My arm is just burning. Side effects.\" I say through gritted teeth. \"Side effects from what?\" Major Aarons asks. \"The lab experiment.\" I say exhaling as the burning begins to fade slowly. \"A lab back in Wichita?\" she asks leaning up to my seat. I nod my head to answer her question. She reaches up and pulls up my shirt sleeve to reveal the nasty looking purple bruise that is in the shape of a triangle. \"Shit!\" she curses before sitting back in her seat. \"What is it Major? She isn't infected is she?\" Doyle asks looking at me sadly. \"No. That's just it. She is carrying the cure!\" she says pointing at the bruise. \"WHAT?\" Both Doyle and I say at the exact same time. He is looking at the bruise and I am looking in the rearview mirror at her. \"I was supposed to attend the lab that you, I suppose were the 'lab rat'. I didn't make it to it because they had me at the base loading people into the planes for other safe zones.\" She said. \"How do you know if I really am carrying the cure then?\" I ask her. \"My friend, Major Scarlet Lima, was at that demonstration when they injected the cure into your blood.\" She said touching the bruise again. \"Scarlet? She was here?\" Doyle asks. \"Was. She was bitten when inspecting a woman and shot herself. Did you know her?\" She asks. \"Uh yeah. We were in London together with the little boy and his sister that she was sure held the cure. She was a good soldier.\" He said looking back to the front. \"Um Doyle?\" I say softly. \"Yeah?\" he asks back. \"We are getting really low on gas.\" I say pursing my lips. \"Fuck.\" He says quietly. I see an exit sign for a gas station in a town called Deersville about 30 miles away. I take the exit setting Lucas off. \"Where are we going?\" He asks. \"Gas station.\" I say not looking away from the road. \"Are you insane? Haven't you ever seen Resident Evil? Those things are always by gas stations!\" he yelled at me. \"Hey! It's either we fill up with gas now or run out later down the road and have to walk to Denver.\" I snap. \"Fine. Get your ass killed. I'm staying in here while your pumping.\" He said crossing his arms. \"Not very chivalrous is he?\" Aarons asked raising and eyebrow. I couldn't help but laugh at that. Out of the corner of my eye I saw that Doyle was also holding back a laugh at that burn too. \"It isn't that. I just don't have a death wish.\" Lucas spat in her direction. \"No, but with how your acting your death wish isn't intentional.\" I smirk. \"She says the truth.\" She points out to him. \"Thank you, Major.\" I say to her. \"Please just call me Kayla. No need for formalities in this time.\" She shrugs. I nod my head and turn back to the road reading the sign that tells me we have another at least ten minutes until we reach the hopefully deserted gas station. XXXXX-Kayla This young girl no older than 20 is carrying the most important thing in the universe. When the outbreak broke out over Wichita we were sure she had been killed or lost. But against all the odds I found her. Intact and unharmed. This girl had to survive and make it to a military lab where we could remove a few vials of her blood and begin to clone it to distribute the cure. If we could just begin to distribute it then the war against this deadly virus is as good as won. The girl I know is scared to find out she is the only hope for the world. Hell, I would be terrified. Sergeant Doyle I can see cares for the girl, for one, when I first found out she carried the cure he was worried that I meant she was infected and then extremely relieved when I told him she wasn't infected. Two, the way he watches her. Like she is fragile. Even though she certainly is precious cargo, but before I figured out she had the cure he looked at her like she could break at any moment. I could tell she was strong, though, physically and mentally. She had to be in order to even be considered for the experiment. The smaller girl in the back with another boy was clearly not ever going to be eligible to be a candidate. She was small, too thin, and scared. There was nothing wrong with being scared but that only meant she was very vulnerable. The adult of the civilians was too old to be considered as well but the two young boys might be fit for it. All I knew was that this girl had to be protected with everything possible. 'As if I need to tell Sergeant Doyle that!' I think to myself. There were an endless number of infected sympathizers and other drug companies that have a massive reward on her head; Dead or Alive. Sympathizers would kill her to ensure there would never be any cure. Drug companies would continue to poke and prod her until they figured out how to make the cure available to anybody then either keep her in their labs or kill her to ensure that nobody would know the cure had been walking around possibly under their noses. This girl was a walking magnet for danger.[Chapter 4] Doyle I had the cure to this terrible infection with me almost the entire time. I'm sure the army knows about her. I mean why else would they just leave her and the others in that room there? To test their little science project! The others would have died and they didn't care but her, there is no telling if she would have died or not. Learning this only makes my blood boil with rage. I look back at her forearm and the purple triangle shaped bruise. Where the cure was injected into her bloodstream. I already knew I would protect her no matter what but learning this just amps up my game. About half an hour after exiting onto the Deersville exit we finally enter the tiny ghost town. No doubt the infection has already hit here. We follow the signs to the gas station. The place is a mess with papers blowing in the wind cluttering the roads. The gas station is obviously abandoned since the door is open and the pumps hanging on the ground. Aly parks the car and jumps out to check the pumps. \"FUCK! This one's out.\" She yells and throws the first one to the ground and goes around to the other side luckily it squirts out some gas. \"Doyle, bring the car over to this side.\" She says to me. I nod my head and do as she tells me. Once she has the gas pumping into the empty tank she turns to me. \"I'm going to go in and get some drinks and snacks, okay?\" she says. \"You really think that's safe?\" I ask her. She rolls her eyes and turns back to the jeep. \"Hey Kayla can I borrow your gun?\" she asks. \"Why?\" she asks handing it over to her. Aly reaches down in the door and pulls out a flashlight. \"I'm getting some snacks and drinks.\" She says. \"Hey bring me back some beef jerky.\" Lucas tells her. \"Get off your ass and come get it.\" She snaps. She turns toward the dark station and takes a step forward but I grab her arm making her turn to face me. \"No, I'll go get it.\" I say holding her back. \"Look, Doyle, thanks but I got it.\" She snaps yanking her arm away from me. \"Aly-\" \"No, just because I might be carrying the cure doesn't mean I am going to die at any moment. I'm not glass. I will be just fine.\" She growls. \"Fine then at least let me come with you.\" I sigh. \"Be my guest.\" She says finally and gives Kayla back her gun and then turning back towards the station and turning on the flashlight. Once we get inside the small store we grab one of the black basket and begin to fill it up with water, Gatorade, trail mix, jerky, and Redbull. I pick up a few packets of gum and turn around to see Aly putting some cigarette packs in the basket along with lighters. \"You smoke?\" I ask her. \"Only when I am depressed or uh, stressed. You quit or trying to quit?\" she asks. \"Quit, well attempting but right now one of those sounds really good.\" I admit. She laughs and tosses me a pack of camels and a lighter and I push them into my breast pocket. We get ready to leave when we hear some noise coming from the backroom. \"Wait here.\" I tell her and put the sniper scope on nightvision so I can see. I enter the backroom and look around the room prepared to shoot anything that moves but see nothing. I jump when a hand lands on my shoulder. \"God damn it, Aly. Don't do that!\" I hiss at her. She looks down and steps back. \"I'm sorry I just didn't like being up there. It's kinda creepy since there's a noise coming from one of those doors to the bathroom.\" She says. \"Which door?\" I ask. She points towards the front where there is two doors, mens and womens restrooms. I approach one of the doors and knock on it then finally open the door slowly. Nothing appears to be in the bathroom so I turn to the next one. I knock on the other one and still have no sound as a reply. I slowly open this one and see darkness. \"Nothing.\" I say turning back to her. \"Sorry I really thought I heard something in there. I- Look out!\" She screams as an infected woman runs out of the backroom. I shoot a few times and hit her in the chest but she continues running and tackles me. I use my gun as a prop to keep her away. \"Go Aly! Leave me!\" I say through gritted teeth. She doesn't even respond and I look out the corner of my eye and see the basket of the ground and she isn't in sight. I turn back to the infected woman as she begins to gain ground towards my face. She is only a few inches away when she flies backwards landing on her back. \"Get away from him!\" Aly yells as she swings a metal baseball bat at the woman. The woman scrambles back up onto her knees screaming at Aly. In an instant she is up and flying at Aly at an incredible speed but before I can even grab my gun to shoot Aly has already swung the bat and hit her square in the mouth and then again in the head this one splitting her head wide open. \"Bitch!\" Aly growls before tossing the bat onto the body. She looks back at me. \"You okay? She didn't bite you did she?\" She asks me. \"No. What the hell was that?\" I demand. \"I just saved your ass. A simple thank you would be sufficient.\" She says picking up the basket and it's spilled contents. \"Well I told you to leave me! You could have been killed, Aly!\" I say standing up and grabbing my gun. \"And if I would have left you surely would have died and this world would be one more infected.\" She said narrowing her eyes. I sigh in defeat and nod my head. \"Your right. Thank you. It's just you are so important and I can't let you die.\" I tell her. \"If I die, I die. It's a fact these days. I might not die from one of them, I could die from a car accident or heart failure or a number of things.\" She says tears welling up in her eyes. I take a step forward and place a hand on her cheek wiping away a stray tear. \"It isn't just that you are holding the cure, Aly. I'm falling for you. How strong you feel that you have to be, just so that Maria doesn't get too scared and begin to panic. Or you feel like you have to be strong so that Lucas and Hank can be put in their place and not act out and get us all killed. You don't have to be strong all the time. If you feel like you have to run, then run.\" I say before I lean down and press my lips to hers. XXXX- Alysonn \"It isn't just that you are holding the cure, Aly. I'm falling for you. How strong you feel that you have to be, just so that Maria doesn't get too scared and begin to panic. Or you feel like you have to be strong so that Lucas and Hank can be put in their place and not act out and get us all killed. You don't have to be strong all the time. If you feel like you have to run, then run.\" Doyle says before he slowly leans down and brings him lips to mine. I wanted to pull away at first but it felt right. His lips on mine and him bringing me closer deepening the kiss. I put my arms around his neck and he pulls me closer with his arms around my waist. His tongue traces my bottom lip asking for entrance. I part my lips and his tongue slides in gently and meets mine. Together or tongues battle for dominance, neither wanting to give in to the other. Slowly he pulls back and looks at me, our foreheads touching and we are both breathing heavily. \"I think we should get going.\" He whispers to me. I nod my head after having completely forgotten about the jeep outside. He places another quick kiss on my lips before letting go of me. I pick up all the items that fell out of the basket and walk out of the gas station with Doyle in tow behind me. \"What took so long?\" Lucas whines. \"There was one in there.\" I answer him after removing the pump from the tank and getting in. \"I told you they always go to the gas stations. How'd you kill it? Shot to the head?\" he asked picking a package of beef jerky form the basket. \"No, I beat it with a baseball bat.\" I said replacing the cap on my Gatorade. \"You killed it? Bullshit.\" He snorted. \"No. She did kill it. Saving my life.\" Doyle said looking at me. I smile slightly and fasten my seat belt and turn back in the direction of Denver. Occasionally I catch Doyle sneaking a glance at me with a smile on his face.[Chapter 5] Alysonn We reached the state line when I pulled over and got out. The sun began to rise so I could see the open fields on both sides of the road. \"Why did you pull over?\" Doyle asked getting out as well. \"I need to stretch my legs or I'm going to go insane.\" I called over my shoulder while walking out in the field. I turned back around and everybody else had also gotten out and began to stretch their legs. \"Hey Aly.\" Maria said approaching me. \"Hey Maria, how you feelin'?\" I asked her. \"Better, thanks. Um I know this is going to sound bad but do you have a cigarette?\" she asked. I perked up when she mentioned that and I quickly ran back to the car aware that Doyle was watching me. I dug around in the console until I felt the package and lighter and pulled them out. I shut the door and ran back over to Maria. \"Thank you so much for reminding me. My legs began to cramp up I had completely forgot that I grabbed these back at the station.\" I said opening the pack and withdrawing two cigarettes. I handed her one and took the other between my middle and index fingers on my left hand. I placed the cigarette between my lips and clicked the lighter on and lit the cigarette and began to puff short puffs then took a long drag. I lit Maria's cigarette and she did exactly as I did. I exhaled releasing the small smoke cloud from my mouth. \"I know I'm too young to be smoking but I can't quit.\" She said softly looking in the same direction. \"I wasn't going to ask. I've tried to quit but I just don't see the point anymore.\" I admitted. \"But you will live. So why not quit?\" she asks. \"Who said I'm going to live?\" I ask snapping my head in her direction to face her. \"I heard Major Aarons say that you had been injected with the cure.\" She said looking back to where Kayla and Doyle sat talking. I glanced back and caught Doyle's eyes but I quickly lowered my gaze to the dead grass before turning back to Maria. \"That doesn't mean anything, Maria. I am just a guinea pig for that lab. They don't know for sure if it is actually a cure. Hell, for all I know they could have just poisoned me and said I would now be cured from the deadly bites of the infected.\" I said raising my voice slightly louder than I meant. \"I guess you are right. I hope though that you do carry the cure as Major Aarons believes.\" She says taking another long drag. \"I do too. I just wish this virus would die already.\" I say before dropping my cigarette butt to the grass and stomping it out and heading back to the jeep with Maria behind me. XXXX- Doyle I could still feel her lips on mine even though it had been several hours since we kissed in the gas station. When she pulled off of the road and got out it took me by surprise. \"Why did you pull over?\" I ask. \"I need to stretch my legs or I'm going to go insane.\" She calls over her shoulders as she walks into an empty field. I motion for the others and they begin to climb out as well. Maria gets out and makes a bee line for Aly a few yards away from us. I help Kayla out of her seat and help her sit in the grass and I sit next to her. \"I really hope somebody at the base in Denver can help us. She just has to be the one with the cure in her blood.\" Kayla says looking in the direction of Maria and Aly. As she says that Aly comes running to the car and begins to shuffle around until she emerges carrying two small things. I wonder what they could be until I remember the cigarettes. \"Were there more people they tested on?\" I ask. \"Of course. In any lab experiment you have multiple trials.\" She scoffs. \"What happened to the others?\" I ask her. \"Earlier one died and others slowly caught the virus even without being bitten or even scratched.\" She said taking a deep breath. \"Wait so you telling me that she could be slowly dying or becoming infected?\" I ask almost yell. I look in her direction just as her and Maria look back at us. She looks at me but quickly drops her gaze and turns back around. \"No. She would have already died by now or she would have already caught the virus. It all happens within 24 hours after the injections.\" She said. \"What if this trial just happens slower?\" I ask. \"I don't know. But we can only hope that she is different from the others and pray that she will bring us salvation from this horrible plague. But this is the least of our worries, Doyle. There are lots of people out to get her. She is very valuable.\" Kayla says looking at me. I give her a puzzling look and she take a deep breath. \"Surely you've heard of extremists.\" She says. I nod and she continues. \"There are two groups of extremists out there after her. The Infected sympathizers and then the Drug company gurus. Sympathizers only want her to kill her, to make sure there will never be a cure for this virus. Drug company gurus want her so they may use her to their own uses. Create an antivirus and make it available to anybody out there, but they would either keep her down I their labs or dispose of her so that others would never get ahold of her. Do you understand why we must get to a lab quickly and keep her safe?\" she asks me with desperation in her voice. I look back at Aly and Maria who are now approach the car and I look back at Kayla and nod my head my understanding. I help her up and she climbs into the car and I walk over to the driver side and open the door. \"I'll drive, Aly. You need to sleep.\" I say. She looks at me a moment then hands me the keys and gets out and walks to the other side and gets in and situated. I start the car and begin the second half of our drive to Denver. Aly ended up falling asleep not too long after we started back on the road. The others fell asleep too leaving me awake in the quiet car. I took a sip of my water and screwed the cap back on. I could see the mountains now and the sun rising over them made them look really beautiful. Aly began to toss and turn in her seat and moan softly. I shook her softly which only triggered her screaming and clutching her bruised right arm. I quickly pulled over and ran to her side of the car and opened the car. I shook her and called her name. She continued to thrash and cry out. I grabbed my water bottle and splashed some water on her making her sit straight up and gasp for air. I undid her belt and pulled her to me as she continued waking up from her nightmare. She grasped on to me as well and sob lightly into my chest. \"It's okay, Aly. You aren't there anymore. They can't hurt you anymore.\" I told her smoothing down her brown waves. \"I know they can't but it feels like they still are.\" She said through sobs. I tightened my hold on her. \"I told you I would never let anything happen to you didn't I?\" I ask her and she nods her head and turns to see the mountains. \"I will keep that promise. I swear.\" I said placing a kiss on her forehead. We stand like this for a few more minutes before she pulls out of my arms and gets back into the car. I get back in as well and look at Aly as she fights sleep. I look in the rearview mirror and see everybody else still asleep even after her screaming and shake my head as I pull back onto the road. XXXX-Alysonn They came at me with their needles and vials. 'Just one more sample.' They would tell me every time and each time I would believe them. The crease in my elbows were no longer the peach color of my skin, instead they were now nasty shades of purple and yellow from bruising. I always had a fear of needles ever since I was around twelve years old. The labs just amplified my fear. They continued to come at me always having to check something. Then I was in the observation room strapped to the table unable to move. Doctors from around the country were behind a glass window watching me. Then the head doctor came at me with multiple syringes. He injected them into my arms and legs and finally they brought the biggest one out. I twisted and squirmed trying to get out of my bindings screaming as he inserted the multi-needle syringe into my forearm and it quickly and painfully shot it's liquids into me. It instantly began to burn and I thought as if I was on fire and burning to death before water splashed me out of my horrible dream. Doyle has looking at me worriedly. He pulled me out of my seat and wrapped his arms around me telling me they couldn't hurt me anymore. I knew this but I still felt that I wasn't safe except when I was in his arms. I knew that he would never let anything happen to me. I cried into his chest to quiet my cries and he tightened his hold on me and placed a kiss on my forehead. I looked at the mountains wishing that after all this was over I could just disappear for a while with Doyle. Maybe go camping or what not. I was never allowed to spend much time outside of the house as a kid because my dad was afraid I would get hurt of catch some sort of airborne disease and be of no use to him. I quickly dismissed the memories of my childhood and returned to the present; in Doyle's arms. I let go of Doyle and got back into the car and opened a Redbull chugging it so I wouldn't fall asleep again and return to my eternal nightmare.[Chapter 6] Doyle She doesn't sleep at all which clearly begins to take a serious toll on her since she can't even stretch her legs without practically falling asleep against the car. \"Hey, I'll drive and Maria can sit up front with me and you and Aly can sleep in the back. She really needs it. I don't know all the side effects of the experiment so I don't know how this will affect her.\" Kayla says nodding over to Aly who is being held up by Lucas and Hank supporting her weight on either side of her. \"She is fighting sleep because she is having nightmares. Not normal ones where you wake up and everything is fine, but one's where I have trouble waking her up out of them. I don't know how you all didn't hear her screaming when she did fall asleep.\" I say looking at her and squinting my eyes from the sun. \"Screaming? Did you ask her if her nightmares have always been this bad?\" She asks me. I shake my head no and look down at the dirt. \"Aly, hey you okay?\" She asks walking over to her. Aly gives a weak smile and nods her head. \"Can you tell me how long these nightmares have been going on?\" she asked. \"Since the trials began. Well, I mean I've always had nightmares just these are so much worse. And it's the same damn dream every night.\" She says spacing off. \"She's reliving her days they kept her in the labs. All the horrible things they did to her are happening over and over again. It's so severe she may even be experiencing pain as well that the real life trauma brought.\" Kayla says softly to me. \"What can we do about it?\" I ask her. \"I really don't know. But I know she needs sleep, Sergeant.\" She says looking me in the eyes. I nod my head and walk over to where the boys are holding her up and I take over for them and lead her back to the car and put her in the backseat and then take my seat next to her. \"Who is going to drive?\" she asks leaning her head against the window. \"Kayla. She figures we both need sleep and it should be her turn to drive.\" I reply. She nods her head and yawns but doesn't close her eyes. \"I'm afraid to go back to sleep.\" She finally says. I turn to look at her when she keeps on talking. \"I'm afraid they will be back. Only for good this time, with their needles and scaffolds and notes. Just to inject something new into me or see how long I can go without water or food until I begin to pass out. Every time I close my eyes I open them to see that I'm back in the lab again strapped to a cold metal table or back in my room locked up like some rabid animal on display.\" \"What happened back at the lab?\" I ask. \"The same thing as every summer since I was twelve. My father the scientist, couldn't risk his precious assistants so he ops for his oldest daughter. Keeping me away from friends and camps like any normal kid. Even when I was younger I couldn't play like the other kids, I had to be careful. My parents almost didn't put me in school. They had even looked at tutors to live at our home to teach me. But when I turned twelve my father decided I was finally able to undergo trials of virus cures for a deadly disease he feared would one day breakout. I lost count of everything they injected into me. I believed there really would never be a cure for the so called deadly disease. Which is why when Kayla told me that I carried the actual cure I was shocked and scared. My father told me what would happen once he had successfully created the cure. Years went by and my father began to take me to the labs more and more often sometimes even keeping me from school. When I had finished high school he had me in the labs after the ceremony and in a permanent cell. When the virus actually did break out he brought in other scientists to test on me as well. Hundreds of vials of blood and countless of unknown injections later he had claimed this was it. So I was strapped onto the metal examiners table and he performed his 'cure ceremony'. When he finished the other doctors told him he must test his cure so I was placed in that room at the school and left there to test the cure while the others were just placed in the wrong room with the wrong person.\" She said rubbing the bruise on her arm. \"Weren't there others that were experimented on?\" I asked her. \"Yes, they were all failures and had to be destroyed.\" She said as a few tears escaped from her eyes. \"But you're different.\" I tell her while reaching to tuck a few loose strands of hair behind her ear. \"I really wish I could believe that, Doyle. But with how I was raised those kinds of miracles just don't exist.\" She says looking at me. \"Look, we are going to get to the base in Denver and have them extract one vial. If they need more then obviously the cure didn't work.\" I said taking her hand. \"And what if it does? They will only need more just to be able to get the cure available. I can't go back to the lab.\" She said looking away from me. \"Then how about this, we have Kayla extract one vial and then deliver it to the labs and then from there we go on living as if we are just two regular people.\" I say. After a few minutes she looks back at me and smiles a little and kisses my cheek. \"That sounds like a good plan to me. Regular, I've never been considered a regular person.\" She says leaning her head on the window again and looks down as the others get back in. Aly is asleep within minutes of the car moving even though we have less than thirty minutes until we reach the Denver city limits. \"Why don't we just take some blood from her and deliver it anonymously?\" I ask Kayla. \"Why? They can just take it from her themselves.\" She says looking at me from the rearview mirror. \"I'm not going to let her go back to a lab ever again. That's all she's ever known.\" I said looking at her sleeping. \"But I don't know how much blood they will need. They could need one vial or- or a few dozen.\" She stammers. \"I know they can clone blood. I've seen it. We will send in two vials, but I am not letting her go back to a lab.\" I say stroking Aly's hand softly. Kayla thinks about it for a minute before eventually agreeing. We pull over again and she digs out her medic kit and her vials and syringes to draw the blood. I turn to Aly and gently try to wake her up. \"Aly, hey, I need you to wake up so Kayla can draw some blood.\" I say. She doesn't even stir so I unbuckle her seatbelt and lean her against me while Kayla finds her vein and begins to work. Kayla inserted the needle into her arm and took the blood that was needed to drop at the doorstep of a lab. Aly didn't wake up or so even flinch out of reflex from the small pinch from the needle[Chapter 7] XXXXXX- Kayla I extracted 3 vials from Aly and carefully put them in one of the small pouches from my med pack. I was surprised when Aly didn't wake or even shift in her sleep when I had poked the needle in her arm. James held her in his lap with one arm securely around her waist the other laying on his side. I drove towards the base and looked in the rearview mirror and saw that James, too, had fallen asleep and Aly was still in his lap sound asleep. I looked back down at the pouch containing what I knew was nowhere near enough blood to create the cure to this epidemic. I finally approached the gates which were still completely intact and there were even a group of armed guards on duty. \"Sorry, miss you're going to have to turn back around. No unauthorized personnel.\" The guard stated. \"Soldier, I am a field medic from McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita. I have a few survivors and one that is especially important. I suggest you clear me immediately.\" I tell him raising an eyebrow. \"In case you didn't hear McConnell has been attacked. And I just said no unauthorized personnel.\" He stated a little more loudly. \"Call the head medic that you have on staff. That's an order.\" I growl. He huffs and retreats back into his guardhouse picking up the phone. About five minutes later he emerges and raises the bar that was keeping me out. I proceed towards the medical center and when I finally pull up outside of the building I am met by Dr. Joseph Crandel and a small team of doctors and nurses. \"Major Aarons, I assume this is as extremely important as you made that guard sound like it was, because in case you haven't noticed we are in the middle of-\" \"I have your cure.\" I say cutting him off. \"Get out of the car and step aside with me.\" He says taking a few steps away from the car. I get out and walk over to where he now stands. \"Did you say you have my cure?\" he asks. \"Yes, sir. I have a girl in there who was in the lab trials back in Wichita yesterday. She has the triangle shaped entry marking.\" I say. He quickly looks at the car and takes a few steps back over to it peering in. \"You're sure that she is carrying it?\" He asks me. \"I am pretty positive. But Sergeant Doyle in there is extremely protective of the girl. He is only willing to give you three vials of her blood.\" I say. \"That is certainly not enough! We will need at least a pint if not more!\" He says. \"I know, and what I'm trying to say is that, you won't be able to get anywhere near her unless you sedate Doyle and the others as well as a precaution.\" I say. He listens and nods slowly before signaling for one of the nurses over to us. He tells her to go get some rounds of sedations for the others and then turns to face me. \"If you are right about her being the one carrying the cure, you realize what this means right?\" He asked me. \"Absolutely sir, it means an end to this nightmare.\" I reply as the nurse returns with the syringes. He administers a dose to each person before getting to Doyle. XXXX- Doyle The last thing I remember is falling asleep holding Aly thinking how glad I was that she was finally enjoying a peaceful sleep before I too gave into the sleep that had been tugging at my eyes. I don't know how long I had been asleep but I suddenly felt a small pinch in my neck. I open my eyes and whip my head around to see an unfamiliar man in a white lab coat pulling an empty syringe away. Behind him I saw Kayla watching him hand the syringe to a small woman and take another one. Two men removed Maria, Lucas, Hank, and Mr. Green and put them on gurneys and roll them into the building in front of us. Another man folded the middle seats down and the doctor moved toward me and Aly, who was still asleep. \"Get the hell away from her.\" I growl at him. I drop Aly in between me and the seats so I can shield her from him. I push the doctor away and he falls backward. I shoot a glare at Kayla. \"What the fuck, Aarons? You knew our agreement.\" I yell. \"I'm sorry, James. But three vials can't do anything in these labs. Plus, we're the good guys. I promise.\" She said. \"Funny thing is I don't believe you.\" I mumble feeling weak. I feel Aly moving. I look down and see her waking up, her eyes shining an impossibly blue. \"What's going on?\" She asks sitting up. \"Aly, listen to me. You need to run and get away from here. Kayla brought us to a lab. I'm so sorry.\" I say putting a hand to her cheek and leaning down so our foreheads touch. \"What?\" She cries. I feel hands grab my arms and begin to pull me out. Aly grabs my hand and screams. Another pair of arms grabs her by her waist and pulls her out of the vehicle as the doctor sedates her. After a few minutes of struggling she begins to fall limp. I am strapped down onto a gurney and I look over to see a soldier carrying her into the building. Her eyes meet mine once more and all I can see is fear. XXXXXXXXXX- Aly I felt so betrayed. I thought Kayla was on or side. But now that I'm sedated and strapped to another examination table I know that I have to be careful with who I can trust. I could hear the doctors in the room to my left discussing possible methods of finishing the cure and then distribution. I could also hear the others in the room on my right, from the air vents. I wanted to be able to talk so I could ask them what they've seen or heard if anything at all. But the doctors made sure my sedative was extra strong so I couldn't struggle. Breathing was hard so talking was impossible. I couldn't move any part of my body besides my eyelids. After countless minutes of waiting a few people finally entered the room. I heard the sudden silence from the room containing James and the others. \"What is her name, Major Aarons?\" the main doctor asked. \"Alysonn. I never got a last name.\" she replied. \"Age?\" he asked. \"I would guess no older than 20 maybe 21.\" She again replied. \"I am thinking she is the daughter of the famous scientist Daryl Rivers. He constantly tested on her. But we need to have Dr. Lyons come in to confirm.\" He said nodding to a soldier outside the glass wall. A few moments later a familiar tall blonde man in a lab coat walks through the door and immediately stops in his tracks. \"Aly?\" He asks looking at me. \"You know her? Is she not the daughter of Dr. Rivers?\" the main doctor asks. \"Yes, why is she here and not with her family on the island safe?\" Dr. Lyons asks taking a few steps towards me. \"Because she is currently carrying the cure for this infection.\" He replies. I open my mouth and to try to speak but I am only met with shortness of breath. \"Why is she not breathing properly?\" Lyons demands. \"It is just the sedative we gave her. It is a precaution so she won't hurt herself.\" He says not looking up from his clipboard. \"Nurse, we need to hurry and extract a sample of blood from the area where the cure was administered, before the sedative wears off completely, seeing as she is starting to move her fingers.\" He said looking at my slightly moving fingers. \"How strong was the sedative?\" Lyons asked. \"Enough to knock her out for a few hours, long enough for us to find out she is carrying the cure.\" Kayla said walking over to me. \"GET AWAY FROM ME!\" I scream at her. She jumps back at my sudden outburst and backs away. \"Miss Rivers there is nothing to be afraid of. We just want to end this problem in our lives.\" The doctor says walking over to the table I'm strapped to. \"Bullshit! I've grown up around people like you and it's always some experiment they test out on me. Go fuck yourself.\" I sneer at him. I quickly regain feeling in my arms and legs and begin to tug at the leather restraints holding my arms and legs down to the table. \"Damn it where is that nurse?\" the doctor curses as she walks through the door with the needles and vials. \"Well now we need Derek and Jillian in here to hold her down. And run this time! She will only get stronger.\" He said through gritted teeth while he and the others were pushing me back down. \"James!\" I scream as loud as possible while still struggling against the four soon to be seven people holding me down. A few moments later the nurse and a man and a woman walk into the room and take over for the doctor and attempt to hold me still and keep my arm clear while he preps the needles and vials. When he is ready they move aside for him and I yank my arms free of their grasps breaking the leather straps. I manage to punch the small timid nurse in the nose and knock the needles and vials out of the doctors' hands. They all scramble to contain me and one man accidently loosens my right ankle strap and I pull my right leg free kicking several people in their faces and abdomens and reach down quickly freeing my other leg. I jump off the table and over to the other side of the portable trays and push them all over sending equipment scattering across the white tiled floor. I grab a scaffold and stab it into a soldier's leg and quickly yank it out. A strong hand grabs my arm and I swing around shoving the knife into his neck hitting his jugular vein. The ground was soon covered in blood and so was I. I swiped the soldier's ID access card and closed the heavy door hitting the outside lock button containing the doctors, nurses, soldiers, and Major Aarons inside. I took one last look at their faces before moving next door to see everyone gathered around the air vent listening. I swiped the access card opening their room surprising them. James runs over to me and pulls me into a hug. \"I'm so sorry, Aly. I should never have fallen asleep.\" He said into my neck. I pulled away and looked at him in his eyes. \"It's okay. I didn't even think Kayla would have done that.\" I said back. He leaned down and gave me a quick kiss. \"Okay let's get out of here. That door won't hold them for very long at all.\" I said taking his hand and signaling for the others to follow. We walk back by the room with them in it and wave before leaving. As we pass a bunk room I go in and change out of the hospital gown, thankfully they left my bra and underwear on, and change into a pair of green cargo pants and a black v-neck that was lying on a bunk. I pull on a pair of combat boots and grab a gun that was carelessly left on the desk and join the others in the hall. \"Ready?\" James asks me. I nod my head and lead the way out the doors towards the last place where I saw the jeep. ","Summary":" Alysonn We were told the infection had reached the walls. The military tried to keep it quiet but p"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Puppy Love","Author":"Poptime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12342059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New York had always been a huge and beautiful city that night where there were a lot of cars drove around the city,the lights shone through,people walked and waved them each other and had the smile on their faces and some children played tag happily with joy and was perfect. Except for one little weak Jack Russell Terrier puppy named Max who melancholy turning in and hoping that someone would adopt him to find a home.\" would nobody ever wanted to adopt me ?\"Max thought,thinking back to how people treated watched the other puppies were being picked by their owners and barked bubbly and some owners tossed them in the could hear the other puppies whispered to one another and commented about could tell that nobody would ever care about him.\"I wished that someone who could understand my feelings and took great care for me.\" The timid young adult named Katie who had her hard time on her worked alone and wished that she had someone to support her from loneliness and depression from her work as she did not have any tried to break the ice with her colleagues,however,her colleagues thought Katie might be a one card shy of a full deck and weak of everything. \"Sigh.I wished that I have someone who be by my side all the time if I needed him or her after my miserable day.\"Katie thought dark clouds gathered together and started to rain cats and her work was finished,Katie grabbed her bag and left her opened her umbrella and covered her shade, walking slowly to not slip and fall.[Chapter 2] Katie arrived home late that night since the last bus broke one of the wheels. Katie did her regular routine every night. Katie sat alone and ate her dinner. \"I am so exhausted.\" Katie mumbled,walking to her bathroom and brushed her teeth. When Katie was about to sleep blissfully on her soft pink bed, her phone rang. Ring! Ring!\"My parents.\"Katie thought. Katie grabbed her phone groggily on the right side of her bed which was resting on the small brown square-shaped table. Katie looked at her phone for a few seconds and she was not comfortable if she could respond to her parents call. Katie understood what it felt like to be a parent when their son or daughter was busy with the work and didn't have the chance to call their parents. Katie took a deep breath and answered their call. \"Oh hey!That's my parents!\" Katie said, trying to sound upbeat. \"Hi sweetheart!\" said her mother named Angelina and Katie's father named Jerry's face popped onto the screen. \"Hi there, Cattypop!How was your work today?\" Jerry used one of Katie's nicknames that he liked to call her. \"It was really great.\" Katie sighed. Angelina and Jerry's face changed from happy to worried. \"What's wrong?\" asked Angelina. \"I'm fine.\" Katie you sure?\" asked Jerry. \"Yes,\" Katie replied. \"You know what? This has been great,guys, but it's been a long day- \"Katie said, feeling uncomfortable and just wanting to end the conversation.\" That's right honey. You get some rest!\" said Angelina. \"Hope you will have another great day tomorrow!\" added Jerry. They said goodnight and Katie hung up, feeling more sadder than she had before.\" Maybe if I just sleep then I will feel better. \"Katie thought to herself. Katie placed her phone on the small brown table and tried to turn in so that she wouldn't be so sleepy the next day. Exhausted, Katie closed her eyes and she was still wondering what tomorrow would bring.[Chapter 3] The next day, Katie went to work and did a dull morning routine. Katie yawned and walked groggily to her table, rubbing her eyes. Katie had insufficient and terrible sleep yesterday from thinking about tomorrow all night. \"Coffee would not be so bad.\" Katie thought. Katie took a ceramic cup for a coffee. Gary was one of Katie's colleagues who teased her as well came in but when he looked at her face that Katie had her dark-ringed eyes. \"What is wrong scaredy-cat, did not sleep well enough?\" snorted Gary then he laughed and pointed at her. Gary pushed Katie away from his left side and filled up a cup of coffee then Gary walked still laughing evilly. Gary's mischievous laugh faded as he walked away, enjoying the constant taste of the coffee. Katie felt hurt as if she really want to commit suicide but she didn't. Katie knew that it wasn't the best idea and she would know how her parents feel. Katie shook her head and just get up slowly. After getting a cup of coffee and returning to her seat, Katie sighed and closed her eyes, banging her head against the wall. \"I am brave and smart,\" She muttered weakly. \"I am brave and smart...\" Katie could feel that her positive side in her head kept telling Katie to think positive and things will get better. Unfortunately, Katie thought things will get much worse and she still could not get over terrible memory. When Katie was only a seventh year old girl, she was so excited to dance on the stage for her first time. \"I am going to be the best ballet moves ever!\". beamed young Katie. Katie started to dance as the music played softly. Katie smiled and saw her parents waved at her, adoring her graceful ballet moves. Katie did not look where she was dancing. SPLAT! She tripped over a big tomato that was used for the earlier performers. Katie's ballet shoes were covered in tomato juice. \"Oh no!\" cried young Katie. The audience started to laughed at her and young Katie felt humiliated. Her tears ran down her cheek and young Katie buried her face in her hands. Young Katie ran down from the small stairs and cried. Her parents ran behind her and pleaded her to stop running away. Young Katie turned her head and her parents embraced young Katie tightly as if they would never let go of her and her parents rubbed circles on her back. From that day forward, young Katie would not ever attend any ballet classes or performances. Young Katie refused to come out of her room and her parents tried so hard to confront her. Her classmates teased young Katie from her silly dance felt upset and heartbroken whenever people thought of her as she was silly. It was 9.30p.m. and Katie grabbed her bag and left her office. Katie walked two buildings away from her office until Katie saw a dirty brochure on the wall which it showed to get a puppy for only five dollars. A smile formed across her lips and she knew exactly what she is going to do tomorrow. Katie kept the brochure in her pocket and went back home. After Katie arrived home, she did her routine just like yesterday except for calling her parents. Katie wore her pyjamas, brushed her teeth and slept blissfully on her bed. \"If I adopt a puppy then I would not feel lonely.\" Katie thought. Tomorrow is another day for Katie. Note:Sorry for the long wait for Chapter 3.I hope you will read this story as I am writing this for Valentine's Day.[Chapter 4] The next day, Katie woke up and stretched her arms. Katie looked at the brochure again and saw what type of puppies she could adopt at the Pets Rescue Shop (PRS). \"Hmm...Let's see...\" said Katie, studying the brochure and stoking her chin. \"It had ...Golden Retriever, Dachshund, Dalmatian or a Jack Russell Terrier.\" Katie had not decided which puppy she could adopt yet. \"Hmm..Maybe I will go to the (PRS). It will have the real puppies there.\" Katie thought to herself. Katie dressed up in the same clothing (from the beginning of the movie) and grabbed her bag. \"I am gointo adopt the puppy!\" beamed Katie. Katie yelled too loud until one of her neighbours covered his ears and warned Katie to keep it down. Katie covered her mouth and apologised, feeling embarrassed. \"Sorry!\" Katie walked out of her house and took the brochure with her so that she could find where (PRS) is. Katie dropped her phone and knelt down down to grab her phone same muscular grumpy man looked down and stared at Katie. Katie took three steps back and waved anxiously, \"Ni-Ni..ce to (gulp).Ummm...Meet you.\" The muscular man growled and kicked her phone to Katie. \"Hmph!\" the man growled. Katie picked her phone and resumed finding (PRS). \"What is his problem?\" Katie thought. When Katie arrived at the (PRS), Katie could not contain her excitement to see these adorable puppies yelping happily. \"Awww...They are so adorable!\" said Katie. \" sure are!\" added the colleague, \"My name is Daniel and what can I help you?\" asked Daniel with his cheerful smile on his face. Katie turned her head and faced Daniel, feeling embarrassed again... . \"I would not forget today that I felt ...\" Katie thought, somewhat not amused. When Daniel looked at Katie,he thought that Katie might be middle class. Katie had a talk with Daniel and described what puppy she would adopt. \"I would like to adopt a puppy which is very small about ten inch.\" said Katie. \"Follow me and I will show you what puppies that you like to adopt.\" instructed Daniel. Katie followed behind him and Daniel showed the puppies to Katie. Katie looked at the puppies in awe and could not stand their cuteness. Katie could see a tiny, coward Jack Russell Terrier hid behind a brown rock which was the same size as Max. The Jack Russell Terrier whimpered in fear and thought that Katie would adopt him then he would have another tragic incident..again.. Katie looked at Max with her worried expression on her face. \"Is this puppy sick?\" asked Katie. Daniel sighed and responded,\"This puppy seemed to be anxious and timid after severe incident that his other former owners who adopted former owners called me that this puppy is weak..That's why this puppy never get to be adopted yet for the pass six months...\" Daniel pointed at this small puppy, still talking to Katie and gave Max a green chewy toy bone but Max refused and hid behind the small brown rock and whimpered. Daniel gave Katie 'You know what I meant' look. Katie saw how much this puppy suffered. Daniel gave Katie a contract and Katie wrote a name of a puppy. \"Daniel,I would like to adopt this puppy.\" said Katie, pointing at Max. Max with his frightened look and his eyes widened with fear as he thought that Katie would hurt him again after adopting him. Daniel gasped and looked shocked. \"Is she out of her mind?\" Daniel thought. Daniel decided to ask Katie if her house was well-accommodated and Katie told him that her house is like a building but it does not have a lot of space. That was when Daniel had to tell Katie that she could not adopt Max. \"Sorry Madam,but you can't adopt this puppy...\" said Daniel. It was Katie's turn to be shock and asked, \"Why not?\". Daniel told Katie that Max needed a well-accommodated house and reminded Katie why Max was so timid and weak. Daniel worried how Katie might respond or what she would do next. After hearing his refusal of adopting Max, Katie sadly walked away from the (PRS). Daniel sighed and walked back to the counter, throwing the contract into a small rubbish bin.[Chapter 5] The next day, Daniel walked wearily into the (PRS) and realised that the Jack Russell Terrier puppy had gone missing. Daniel could see a wafer of money on the counter. Daniel started to panic, \"Oh no! My boss is going to kill me!\" exclaimed Daniel. Daniel knew he would be a dead meat soon after his boss find out about it. Daniel finally remembered that he threw the contract of Katie into a rubbish bin. Daniel quickly ransacked the rubbish bin, praying that the contract would be still inside. Luckily, Daniel found the contract and Katie's address. \"I have to find her.\" Daniel mumbled to himself. Daniel went from (PRS) to her house until he looked at his watch and showed 10.35p.m. \"Oh boy! Why am I not so good with directions?\" Daniel thought grumpily. When Daniel arrived at her doormat which read 'WELCOME', he knocked the door and called Katie. \"Madam! Madam!\" called Daniel, yelling at the top of his lungs but it seemed like Katie did not hear him. Daniel still tried to call her and took a tiny peek through the peephole. It was then Daniel saw the most heartwarming thing that he ever seen. Daniel saw Katie was playing with Max in the living room and threw him a ball but Max didn't fetch as he was scared then Katie went to the kitchen to fetch some drinks but she was scared as the kitchen lights were out of electricity but Max stood beside her and accompany her. Daniel could see that Katie and Max smiled warmly and Max had finally have his collar fitted around his and Max embraced each other for a warm hug, their noses nuzzling and their heads were leaning. Since Katie was a perfect owner for Max, Daniel decided to leave them to be united. CREAK! Daniel could hear the door opened and he turned his head to see Katie standing in front of the door. \"Nice to meet you again, Sir!\" greeted Katie cheerfully, waving as she had been waiting for Daniel to understand that Max didn't need to live in a well-accommodated house. \"This puppy does not need to be well-accommodated,all he needs is love.\" said Katie. Daniel thought for a moment than he nodded as if he already understood what she meant. Max finally found his home with his brand new bright blue collar and had his name tag. \"This is the best day of my life!\" exclaimed Max,hopping joyfully. Note:Happy Valentines Day! Wow! (Sniff). What a lovable story! I hope you will love my story. ","Summary":" New York had always been a huge and beautiful city that night where there were a lot of cars drove "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Best Friends","Author":"Alexriolover95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12072037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, more The Secret Life of Pets stuff for you guys! And thanks to my good friend, Tomadahawk for being the only one to fav and review, \"Tiberius' Thoughts\"! So… He gets a special place in this story… So, lets get to it! Chapter 1: Threatened It was another sunny, bright day in New York City and in one certain building, a female white Pomeranian was laying on her side on a couch, half asleep as her owners, a man and a woman, were preparing to go out for the day. As soon as the owners were done, the woman of the apartment walked past the white Pomeranian, giving a quick, soft stroke on her body as she was leaving with her husband. \"Bye Gidget, be a good doggie.\" The woman told the Pomeranian named Gidget. As soon as the couple were out of the apartment, Gidget got up, shaking herself awake and turned around to the window. Usually she would say \"Hi\" to her next door neighbor and her crush, Max, a Jack Russell terrier, but today she jumped over to the other side and climbed the fire escape to the roof. \"Getting better at this.\" Gidget told herself as she hopped up the steps of the fire escape, since she had difficult the first time she went up the fire escape. Gidget was on her way to see her best friend, Tiberius, a Red-Tailed hawk. He lived, alone, in a shed and even thought he was a predatory bird, he was a friendly bird. Even after Tiberius almost took a bite out of Gidget to eat her, she still gave him a chance and ever since Gidget found Max with the help of Tiberius and her other friends, the two have been very close. Gidget finally got to the roof, walking towards the shed with no fear, since she knew Tiberius very well and he would be very happy to see his best friend again. However, when Gidget got to the door of the shed, she didn't see the expected hawk with a happy smile on his face. Instead she just saw the inside of the shed as it always was. Gidget was confused, Tiberius was always here around this time, for him to not be here was very strange. \"Where could that hawk be?\" Gidget said out loud as she was wondering where Tiberius was. She turned around again and just decided to do her most favorite activity, which was to just look at Max, while he was looking at the door, waiting for Katie to come home. Well, now Duke was also there, doing the same as Max was, Gidget hoping the big, brown dog didn't block her view of Max. As Gidget walked and was about to reach the top steps of the fire escape, she heard a loud screech and looked towards the source of the sound, to see… A Peregrine Falcon with black and brown feathers diving down at her. \"What the…\" Gidget started to say and then realized what the falcon was doing. \"Ahhh!\" Gidget screamed as she ran away from the falcon. The falcon had its claws out in front and was about to latch onto Gidget to make her his meal when a familiar voice stopped the falcon. \"Tomada!\" Tiberius' voice rang. \"Don't eat my friend!\" Gidget looked back to see her hawk friend in between her and the falcon. The Red-Tailed Hawk looked at Gidget with a smile. \"Sorry Gidget, you know how it is with every predator.\" Tiberius said, Gidget panting and sweating as she slowly replied. \"You know this bird?\" Gidget asked, looking around at the hungry looking falcon. \"Oh yes, let me introduce you two to each other.\" Tiberius replied, signaling his falcon friend to come closer. \"Gidget, this is my old friend, Tomada, you can call him Tom for short, he moved to England for awhile with his owner and he just came back to the city a couple of days ago.\" Tiberius introduced Tomada to his dog friend. \"And Tom, this is Gidget, my friend, so please, whatever you do, don't eat her.\" The falcon changed his expression from being hungry and evil looking to friendly as he walked up to greet the white dog. \"Nice to meet you Gidget, any friend of Tiberius is a friend of me.\" Tomada extended out his wing to shake Gidget's paw, having a bit of a British accent. Gidget extended out her paw and met Tomada's wing in a shake. She was still quite nervous around the falcon, having the same kind of feeling she had when she first met Tiberius on this exact roof. She also had this other feeling, but she couldn't quite put her paw on it at the moment. \"You two are going to be great friends with each other.\" Tiberius said, thinking that this relationship would be good. \"Well Gidget, I still got a lot to catch up on with Tomada, we'll hang out later, okay?\" \"Sure, I guess that's fine.\" Gidget replied slowly. \"Well see you later.\" \"Bye.\" Tiberius and Tomada said at the same time as Gidget went to the fire escape again and started climbing down to her apartment she shared with her owners. As she was climbing down, while focusing on the steps, she was thinking about Tiberius' friend. Tom seemed like a nice falcon, and a perfect friend for Tiberius, too perfect in fact… Gidget felt like Tiberius would spend more and more time with Tomada, that eventually her hawk BFF would forget all about her and that her strong relationship with Tiberius would be destroyed. Gidget was determined to not let that happen, but she needed a way to get rid of Tomada so that Tiberius can be her friend forever. The white Pomeranian was so focused on her thoughts that she lost focus on the fact that she was climbing down a fire escape that she stepped onto open air and fell down. \"Ahhh!\" Gidget once again screamed as she was falling down on the steps. Gidget eventually landed down, the fall not as hard as one would expect to have when falling down on a metal surface, but it was softer, feathery, in fact. Gidget opened her shut eyes that she had during her fall to see that she had landed down on a bird. The bird had mostly red feathers, with white on its face and blue and yellow linings on its wings, the bird also had black talons, beak, and eyes. The bird was a Scarlet macaw and Gidget didn't know it at the moment, but this macaw would be the answer to her problems… Looks like someone feels threatened… And who is this Scarlet?[Chapter 2] Hey guys! I see you guys enjoyed the first chapter very much! Thank you to Hyrum The Outcast, ShadowDragonGhost12, Tomadahawk, jugalpratimdas, and xPrimalHunterx for putting all their favs and follows! And now for the story! Chapter 2: New Friend Both Gidget and the Scarlet macaw were out of it for a few minutes and Gidget was the first to open up her eyes and see that she had fell onto of a bird. Blinking her eyes a couple of times she grasped as she quickly got off of the bird, careful not to hurt the bird any further. \"Oh, I'm so sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going!\" Gidget quickly apologized at the bird who opened up his eyes. \"Oh that's okay, it was probably an accident you made.\" The macaw replied, rubbing the back of his head with a wing. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm okay.\" Gidget answered as the macaw got up on his talons. \"My name is Gidget, by the way.\" \"Alex.\" The Scarlet replied after and extended out his wing for a shake. Gidget met his wing with her paw and wondered about this macaw because she hasn't seen him and didn't notice him. Maybe he was new to the city?\" \"So Alex, are you new to the city?\" Gidget asked, a bit nervous because she thought she might offend him. \"Well yes, just moved in with my owner a couple of days ago, from Rockland County, still trying to get used to the city noise.\" Alex chuckled at his small joke, Gidget laughing a bit too, thinking Alex was a little funny. \"So what's it like around here?\" Alex asked. \"Well, it's pretty good, we got dog parks and a lot more pets to talk to, you know it's more crowded with us.\" Gidget tried her best to tell Alex what it was like. \"Well, I think I'll like it here, I didn't have many friends back where I lived, I did have one very special friend…\" Alex said sadly at the end. Gidget noticed and felt her heart sink a little, looking at Alex's expression. \"Oh, what's wrong Alex?\" Gidget asked. \"Oh, it's nothing, it's just shortly before I left, my girlfriend, a Blue macaw, broke up with me, we had a very big fight and she left me…\" Alex said, his mind wandering back to that painful moment. \"Oh, I'm so sorry Alex.\" Gidget said, in sadness for a minute, before thinking about something. \"Hey, you know what, you just made a new friend right now.\" Gidget smiled, Alex brightening up as well. \"Thanks Gidget, I needed to hear that.\" Alex finally smiled. \"You're welcome, why don't we go to my place.\" Gidget said to break the sad moment. \"Sure, that sounds nice.\" Alex replied and the two went down to Gidget's apartment she shared with her owners. As the two got to the apartment, Alex flew in, while Gidget went up the window and hopped into the apartment. Alex landed down on a glass table, careful not to scratch it with his talons, looking at the nice place Gidget had. \"Wow Gidget, you have a nice place, your owners must really like you.\" Alex said while he looked around with his eyes. \"Yeah, it's pretty nice, I enjoy my life very much.\" Gidget replied as she got up on the table with Alex. \"What about you?\" \"Well, my new place isn't as nice as this, but I got everything I need, and a caring owner, she's the best.\" Alex smiled. \"I bet she is.\" Gidget added on and then decided for Alex to meet her crush, but then remembered what Alex told her, so she was careful when asking… \"Hey Alex, do you want to meet someone that's special to me?\" Alex thought about it, he couldn't say no, but at the same time, he wanted to. However he knew if he was going to be friends with someone, he needed to do what they want. \"Sure, I would love to meet him.\" Alex smiled his best to hide his real emotion. Gidget led the Scarlet to an open window, a pillow by the side for Gidget to sit on. Gidget hopped up, while Alex flew on up and as Gidget got to the pillow by the window, she looked to see her crush, Max, and Max's adopted brother, Duke, just staring at the door, waiting for their owner, Katie to come back. \"Hey Max and Duke.\" Gidget called out. \"Hey Gidget.\" Both Max and Duke answered without taking their eyes off the door. \"Any plans today?\" Gidget asked, but she knew the answer was always the same. \"Yes, big plans today, Gidget.\" Max answered, still keeping focus on the door. \"I'm going to sit here and wait for Katie to come back. \"Oh, that's nice, but I'll like to introduce you to my new friend.\" Gidget said to Max while turning her face to Alex. \"Hi…\" Alex said nervously. Max and Duke turned around and saw the Scarlet besides Gidget. The two have never seen such a bird, so they were quite interested in meeting Alex. The two turned their focus from the door to Alex and Gidget. \"Wow, I have never seen your kind of bird.\" Max said in wonder. \"Yeah, what kind of bird are you?\" Duke asked. \"Oh, well, I'm a Scarlet macaw.\" Alex answered. \"It's nice to meet you.\" Alex added, nervously. The four talked for a bit, Alex getting to know his neighbors better. A little later, Alex and Gidget went back, out of view of Max and Duke, into the apartment. As Alex looked at the clock, he thought he should get back to his own place that he shared with his owner. The two, new friends said their goodbyes to each other, hoping to see each other again. \"Well Gidget, I had a nice time getting to know you, see you later?\" Alex asked. \"Definitely!\" Gidget replied with happiness.\"See ya.\" And Alex flew out of the window, to go back to his own apartment for the rest of the day to wait for his owner. And while Gidget saw her new friend fly away, a thought entered her mind, a thought that you can't imagine such an innocent, cute looking dog would have. She thought it was fate that she ran into Alex, for since Tiberius had Tomada, she had Alex. Gidget hated to admit it, but she needed Alex to make Tiberius jealous and make him come back to her. However, she also hated to make Alex think she was only using him, he been through a lot already, she just had to figure out a way to make everything work right. Will Alex get hurt again? Will Tiberius feel jealous? Will Gidget succeed in her plans? And why am I asking so many questions? You guys will find out the answers soon enough![Chapter 3] Hey guys! Sorry for the delay! Before we get to the next chapter, thank you to Colemac02 and Roaring-Raptor (Who is also another Secret Life of Pets writer, so check out his or her stories!) for adding in their favs and/or follows! And now for the chapter! Chapter 3: Strange Doggie A couple of days passed, Gidget forming her idea of how to get Tiberius back, she also needed to wait for Alex to visit her again and Tiberius to be with Tomada. And in the morning, Gidget got what she wanted, the Scarlet macaw came shortly after her owners left, flying through the open window to see the white Pomeranian waiting for him. \"Good morning Gidget.\" Alex greeted with a smile. \"And morning to you Alex.\" Gidget replied happily, but hiding her true intentions. \"Listen Alex, I would like you to meet another one of my friends, he's a hawk.\" Alex gulped at the last word. He envisioned a hawk would like nothing better than to make him his lunch and Alex certainly didn't want to picture him in a hawk's beak. He was even more scared for the fact that Gidget was a friend to a predatory bird, who ever did hear of a hawk and a dog being friends after all? \"A hawk…\" Alex said slowly with fear evident in his tone. \"Yeah, I know what you're thinking, I know it's weird.\" Gidget said, understanding why Alex sounded so fearful. \"But he's really nice and he changed his ways, I mean, he could have made me a meal when I first set him free, but he didn't.\" In reality, Gidget was a little mad at Tiberius and she hid that anger as much as possible, luckily Alex didn't notice it. Instead, Alex breathed a bit easier, but was still nervous to know this new information, however he trusted his new friend and if Gidget said this hawk was friendly, then he believed her. \"Alright, I trust you Gidget, how far do we need to go?\" Alex asked. \"He lives just across, on the roof, lets go.\" Gidget replied and Gidget jumped across to the other side, climbing up the fire escape, while Alex just simply could fly since he was a macaw after all. Alex stayed at the same level as Gidget, hovering in the air, so that the two could reach the roof at the same time. Gidget went as fast as she could while being careful climbing up the metal steps. The two friends eventually reached the roof at the same time, Gidget giving herself one last hop and Alex landed down on the building edge on his talons. Gidget looked around and saw the hawk, with his falcon friend, just standing on the building edge, having a friendly chat. The two were laughing together and that only fueled Gidget's jealousy as she breathed in and out to control herself from bursting out completely. After calming down, she called out to her hawk friend. \"Hey Tiberius, whatcha doing?\" Gidget said as she walked behind the two predatory birds. \"Oh, hey Gidget, Tom is just telling me the fun times he had in England.\" Tiberius replied as he turned his head to look at his dog friend. \"Oh, that's great, have you met my new friend, Alex.\" Gidget said, turning to take a glance at the Scarlet behind her. \"Hi…\" Alex said slowly, the fear still in there as he came up to greet Gidget's friend. Before anyone else could say anything, Gidget spoke up, this being part of her plan to make Alex jealous. \"I actually met Alex right after I met Tom here, and he's such a nice guy, he's like a perfect friend I never had.\" Gidget turning to look at Tiberius with a sightly stern glance. \"And he was even brave enough to tell me about what happened to him emotionally.\" Tiberius was a little confused by Gidget, for she never acted like this, ever. He wondered what was on the Pomeranian's mind, he really didn't know what Gidget's true means were. He was glad that his dog friend found another friend to hang out with, he didn't find that wrong or anything like that, he understood that you can have more than one friend. Tiberius thought Gidget would be comfortable with Tom being his friend as well, he didn't realize that Gidget could become jealous. \"Well that's great Gidget, I'm glad you have another friend, he seems like a nice guy.\" Tiberius replied, with a smile. This wasn't the reaction Gidget was hoping for, but she figured these things take time and she could wage this battle for as long as she wanted. Gidget hid her failure well, for she knew that next time she would be more successful. \"Well, thank you Tiberius, Tom also seems like a nice guy.\" Gidget almost choking up on the second part. \"Well, good to see you again Tom, me and Alex got a whole day ahead of us.\" Gidget said her farewells. Alex was quite confused by the short visit, but just decided to go along with it and followed Gidget to the fire escape, the two going back to Gidget's apartment. And all the time the two new friends were going back, Tiberius was left wondering about his best friend's behavior, how strange it was. \"Is your best friend always like that?\" Tomada asked, also wondering about the Pomeranian. \"No, it's strange, she never been like that.\" Tiberius said slowly. He really wanted to figure out what was going on with Gidget, he really wanted to know how she felt about him and Tomada being friends. He really did hope that Gidget was fine about it, but if she wasn't, then she should at least tell him what was wrong. He really wanted to make it clear that Gidget is still a friend, but it's only a matter of time, before something good or completely terrible would happen and it would result in either the two friends staying together or breaking apart forever. Well Gidget is surely going a bit crazy… Lets hope that craziness doesn't completely go overboard… Or will it? Wait until next time![Chapter 4] Hey guys! Sadly, this is only an author's note, for I have a bit of a problem with this story… I have like extreme writer's block with this, I just can't think of how to continue this story. I thought of the beginning and the end, but I just can't think of a good middle for this. Which sometimes happens to me when writing some stories. So… I would like to ask you guys what should happen next in the story. I would really appreciate the help and I could really use it! I can't wait to see what you guys will think of! From your FFN brother, Alexriolover95.[Chapter 5] Hey guys! So, I have come to a decision about this story… I have decided to stop it, because I really don't know how to continue it, despite the many ideas I have gotten… However… I have decided to give this story to my very good FFN sister, ShadowDragonGhost13. I can't think of anyone else more qualified to write this story, since she's very invested in the fandom as much as me. Rest assured guys, she will do an excellent job on her version, maybe even better than how I would have written it! Also, I'm keeping my version up, so she can take the ideas you guys submitted and use it in her version! So, I hope you enjoy Catty's (her nickname) version, I know I will! From your FFN brother, Alexriolover95. ","Summary":" Alright, more The Secret Life of Pets stuff for you guys! And thanks to my good friend, Tomadahawk "},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendants Kids","Author":"GhostCat93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13161760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This will be a fanfic where Mal, Evie, Jay and Carlos were sent to auradon when they were all 10 The 4 of them sat in the car in silence apart from the sound of munching, unwrapping and grabbing candies. \"I got that one first!\" \"So?\" the fighting was getting on Mal's nerves \"will you two stop!?\" the girl yelled her green eyes glowing in aggression. Mal had purple hair and was wearing a leather jacket over her purple shirt with plain ripped black jeans and black boots. \"Calm down Mal\" Mal's best friend Evie said. Evie had blue hair and was wearing a pretty blue and black dress with blue high heels. All of the kids turned there heads when a screen came down in front of them. \"Hello I'm Fairy godmother you 4 were chosen to come live with some princes and princesses\" the lady on the screen, Fairy godmother said. \"eeeeee princes!\" Evie squeeled Mal rolled her eyes she thought it was stupid she would rather live with her mother. \"You will be attending a school called auradon primary\" Fairy godmother continued \"Awwwww school\" Jay whined tugging on his leather vest. \"I hope you have a nice time hear at auradon.\" The car stopped and all the kids looked out the window the door was opened and the 4 kids got out of the car and stared at the grown ups in front of them. \"Okay kids, these are the people that are going to be taking care of you,\" Fairy godmother said. Fairy godmother took Mal's hand and led her to Aurora and Prince Phillip, then she led Evie to Snow white and prince Florian, She grabbed Jay's hand and led him to Aladdin and Jasmin and finally she led Carlos to Anita and Roger. \"These are the kids of your villains\" Fairy godmother said to the grown ups \"Mal this is Aurora and Prince Phillip, Aurora and Phillip this is Mal\" Mal crossed her arms and glared at them. \"Evie this is Snow white and Prince Florian, Snow and Florian this is Evie\" Evie hugged onto Prince Florians leg \"it's a real Prince\" she squealed, he chuckled at her enthusiasm. \"Jay this is Aladdin and Jasmin, Aladdin and Jasmin this is Jay\" Jay just walked off to Carlos and started talking to him. \"Carlos this is Anita and Roger, Roger and Anita this is Carlos\" Anita and Roger looked at Carlos and decided he was having a bath when they got home since ","Summary":" This will be a fanfic where Mal, Evie, Jay and Carlos were sent to auradon when they were all 10 Th"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Before Auradon - A Life on the Isle","Author":"KingOfClouds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13017080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a one-shot of a story I might continue. It will take place before any of the events in the first Descendants movie. I've noticed that there isn't a lot of prequel stories which is surprising to me because the second movie made a lot of opportunities for a prequel story. Anyways I would really like to get into this story. Survival and fear go hand in hand. One can't exist without the other; and only one can bring someone to victory. For those who live on the Isle of the Lost this was the first lesson you must learn to get on top. It wasn't ever about surviving, no, not for those that had the intuition and the initiative. Mal, daughter of Maleficent, was one of those people. This is the story of how she landed on top. At the promising and grueling age of 14, Mal couldn't ever resist a classic heist. Especially one with such great rewards; well as good as it can get on the Isle. Her and the VKs got a tip about a full load of new loot off a shipwreck that drifted itself right into the magic barrier. This kind of stuff happens once in a lifetime on the island. How did the VKs get such a valuable tip? Why don't we keep just a little mystery in this story, shall we? Though I can say that Evie's alluring charm has never let her down before. Yes she is very valuable person to Mal and assists her quite a lot on her journey. Although that isn't very important right now. The loot is being held at the docks and carefully guarded. Mal's plan had to work perfectly for them to be able to pull it off. She had faith in her team but, let's be honest, Mal didn't really have any faith in anything. Mal is the type of girl that knows exactly how to manipulate and change people's minds. It's a very useful skill for someone in her position to have. Especially if her heist goes wrong and she'll have to use her skills to talk them all out of getting their asses beaten. The cold night air wasn't comforting at all as Mal watched over the docks from a nearby roof. Despite being well into the night, the Isle was as alive as ever. She could hear people getting drunk and making terrible decisions, people settling debts, and could even see a few rats in a nearby alley fighting to the death over rotting fish. There was nothing quite like home. Mal lived her whole life in this place, not like she had any other choice, but it was home none the less. She loved it even if it was always disgusting and she could be killed at any given moment. It was exhilarating living in this place. Mal always believed it kept her senses razor sharp. A quick flash of a knife signaled to her from across the way. It was Jay, son of Jafar, that was hiding in an alley near the guarded loot. Mal knew that signal; it meant the coast was clear for her to hop across the roofs several buildings until she reached the loot. She sprang into action and sprinted for the entrance point into the boat docks so she could quickly let the rest of her team into the building. Jay was a reliable soul. Strange given who his father is. Though he has only showed loyalty towards Mal and the other VKs. He was reliable in a way that Mal could count on him to pull off any task no matter how possible they actually were. Mal came down onto the roof of the docks, it wasn't a very stable structure so she had to get off fairly quickly. Luckily since the structure was so poorly built, there were a lot of convenient holes in the roof for her to slip through. She landed silently behind some unused shipping crates and looked around at guards on the inside. Whatever that loot was, it was valuable. There were nearly ten people guarding some loot covered by tarps. It was nothing Mal could make out. Her job was simple, clear the room. It didn't matter how she did it. The girl reached into her jacket slowly, being careful not to reveal herself. She pulled out a small bag of chemicals that had a fuse attached to the top. Placing it gently on the ground, Mal took out a lighter from her pocket. She had to be quick before anyone saw her, so she lit the fuse and waited for the magic to happen. The sparks lit up the area around her as the fuse slowly became shorter and shorter. Soon it was completely gone and the chemicals mixed with the flame created an odor that filled the room. She covered her face tightly as she hoped and awaited for the guards to react. The smell made her eyes tear up as she silently gagged. Whatever was in that stink bomb it was powerful. Though the smell was almost worth it as Mal watched her plan unfold. It first started out with one guard commenting on the smell and eventually all of them were gagging, barely able to get a breath in. They get out of the building only to be surprised by their associates from outside hanging upside down from a cargo crane. They see the devious faces of Jay and Carlos as they are all slowly taken out one by one. Whether it was the effects of the stink bomb or the lifetime of malnutrition, those fourteen year old boys sure made quick work of those guards. Mal sneered wickedly as she watched the boys almost play with those poor security guards. As always, her and her gang will come out on top. She ran over to a side door to let yet another reliable member of the VKs into the building. With a wave of blue hair, her long time friend and flirty heartbreaker, Evie, daughter of the Evil Queen, stepped into the docks. \"Oh god, Mal, what in the hell was in that stink bomb?\" Evie gasped, that was not the first thing Mal expected to hear from her. \"Well don't ask me, the boys made it.\" Mal snickered as she sauntered over to the covered loot. \"Boys are so gross.\" Evie gagged as she plugged her nose. \"Oh really?\" Mal saw a window of opportunity to tease her trusted ally, \"if they're so gross then why are you constantly hooking up with them?\" \"You really want to do this now?\" \"I guess not, I was just wondering.\" Mal shrugged innocently; though both girls knew that her intentions were far from innocent. Jay came into the docks holding Carlos in choke hold, Carlos was desperately trying to pry his arm away. Carlos was much different from the other VKs in the way that he showed fear when things got tough. None of them could even imagine how he could survive on his own without them. He would be the last person to betray his allies. Mal liked that about him. He was trustworthy in his own special way. \"Will you two focus?\" Mal asked, clearly annoyed, \"we have about ten minutes before the rest of the Isle realizes this stuff is unguarded.\" \"Don't worry, precious, it is guarded,\" Jay let go of Carlos as he stepped towards Mal and then flexed his muscles, \"by these bad boys.\" It should come to no surprise that Mal slapped Jay across the face for his goofing off. \"Don't ever call me that again.\" Mal sneered at him with fury in her eyes. Strangely the other two were not afraid of Mal, in fact, they found it quite amusing. They laughed loudly as Mal's frustration grew. \"Did you bring the bags?\" Mal turned towards Carlos. \"Yeah, right here.\" Carlos untied the cloth sacks that were attached to his back. \"Alright,\" Mal nods, \"Evie, help me take these tarps off. Jay, go outside and check to see if anyone's coming.\" \"You got it.\" Jay jogs over to the door. Mal and Evie removed the tarps to reveal several assortments of items. They were hard to make out at first but upon further inspection they realized it was a bunch of clothing fabric. Silk to be more precise. \"Oh my!\" Evie gasped in excitement as she started pulling all of the material out of the boxes and bags. \"Awe, come on! I wanted something good!\" Carlos whined as he stomped on the floor. \"The ship must have been headed for Auradon,\" Mal said, \"Those filthy rich bastards.\" \"It's so soft; I never thought such a fabric existed!\" Evie was over the moon about the find; the others however, were not so excited. The kids looked through the rest of the loot and found some other, less valuable things. A compass, stale food, several coins of gold, and a washed out portrait of some old sea captain. They soon discovered that the ship was most likely from Agrabah; probably because most of the shipping crates had \"Agrabah Trading Company\" on them. All four of them quickly packed up as much as they could in the sacks that they brought. When they heard people coming, they slipped out the back door into the night. Mal lead them through the back alleyways in hopes of not being seen, they were fairly dangerous though especially at night. They ran fast with the stuffed bags slung across their shoulders as they make their way back to their special hidden hideout. The trip was uneventful, aside from Carlos tripping and falling flat on his face, but the VKs make it back safely to their hideout before anyone realized the loot was gone. Needless to say, they felt pride in their victory. Carlos let out a big sigh of relief as he flopped down on the beat up, old couch they had against the wall. Evie began pulling all kinds of colorful silks trying to restrain her excitement. Mal was just glad the heist was successful, she looked out onto the rest of the Isle as the cold night air blew against her face. A lot of things could have gone wrong. More than once has she's put the lives of her allies on the line. There's been a lot of decisions she's regretted and they still haunt her to this day. Jay sauntered over to Mal and rested his arms on the rail. \"Do you think they'll know it was us?\" He asked her. \"It'll take them a while; which is why we'll have to get rid of everything before that happens,\" Mal explains, \"I know Evie will resent me for it but we have to sell most of that silk.\" \"I'll try to find us a couple buyers,\" Jay says, \"my dad has some connections.\" \"Thanks, Jay.\" Mal said, and though she'd never admit it; she really was thankful for everything he's done for her. Not just tonight but for the entire time they've known each pther. \"Hey, um,\" Jay spoke up, \"you remember Uma right? Ursula's daughter.\" \"That little shrimp that works in a fish restaurant?\" \"Yeah, word on the street is that she's forming her own gang.\" Jay said as he looked away from her. He did not want to see the reaction on her face. Mal scoffed, \"that little twerp couldn't get anyone to eat at her shitty restaurant, let alone form a gang with them.\" \"Well I heard she's been hanging around with Harry a lot lately,\" Jay said, \"and Gil's not been around these parts for at least a week or two.\" \"That slimy little-\" Mal had to cut herself off. The rage grew inside her like a fire, but she suppressed it as best she could, \"she can't do that.\" \"What're you gonna do?\" Jay asked, \"you know she's going to come after your turf.\" \"I'd like to see her try,\" Mal said with a low growl, \"I would love to put that shrimpy bitch in her place.\" Jay smiled; he knew things always got interesting when Mal started talking like that. Mal turned quickly to go speak with the rest of her gang. There's one thing everyone on the Isle knows, you do not mess with Mal and her gang. You will end up begging for mercy in the end. Yet again someone is challenging the VKs and their power. Mal just can't stand being challenged. This story isn't just how Mal rose to the top, this is about how Mal crushed all that were beneath her. ","Summary":" This is a one-shot of a story I might continue. It will take place before any of the events in the "},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Just kids in the Isle","Author":"KareRevans","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13035832","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They both were just kids in the Isle. Both standing the abuse of their mothers. Both were just kids back then but even though they were children that didn't stop the emotional scars nor the physical ones of the one person that's always supposed to love you no matter what \"Evie believes deep down that her mother still loves her. Mal even though she is never willing to admit it believes that too. So, when Evie finds Mal curled up in a ball in their room she isn't bewildered but it doesn't make it hurt less. The fact she keeps seeing her girlfriend like this. It certainly doesn't help that fact so, Evie makes a choice. To go over to her instead to keep letting her grieve like this. She deemed if she gave Mal space she would be better, unmistakably, her original choice was fucking horrible. So, she goes to her girlfriend, she grabs her petite body and pulls her to her own chest and god she can already feel her shirt getting soaked but she doesn't mind it. It's all for Mal. She keeps repeating that in her head but deep down she knows she needs the comfort as well. \"I-I don't know why I keep becoming like this.\" Mal starts and it is a start just a very strange one. Particularly for Mal. \"I keep waking up even from small snoozes with sweat all over me just because I freaking saw her! It's not fair, it's not fair. It's not fair she did this to me, it's not fair she left me like this and it's \"fucking unfair that I don't hate her for this!\" Mal keeps repeating herself. Evie agrees, \"I know berry. I hate how it's unfair to us, they left so many emotional scars on us. I wanna hate her too but I can't.\" Her voice cracks and she tries to clear her throat to get rid of the lump in it. But she fails to do so. \"You don't understand E! Those things she did to me….god I can't even go to sleep! I hate sleeping because I know, I know that I'll just wake up in a pit of sweat again.\" Mal's voice suddenly goes monotone and her face is something Evie never saw before and that face terrifies her. Mal then tries to curl up into an even small ball as if it would fix everything \"Mal,\" Evie starts because she swiftly has an idea to fix this. \"Let's go flying. The dragon fae lets out a small incoherent whimper. \"We can go flying M! God, how did I not think of this sooner?\" Mal suddenly lifts up her head showing her puffy eyes that contrast against Evie's sparkling ones and her beaming smile. \"It'll be great! We can go flying around the mountains and stuff!\" She threw her hands up in excitement. Mal suddenly lets a smile grow on her face because Evie's smile and excitement were just that infectious. So, she decides to go along with Evie's plot. \"The plan works because Mal feels so much calmer and Evie feels so much better or maybe it's the contrary but they can't tell because they are still in so much sync with each other. It's slowly becoming night and Evie looks up at the sunset. \"Mal, look! It's beautiful.\" Mal just lets out a huff of acknowledgment, \"I know Evie. I can tell it's basically right in front of me seeing as how I'm flying.\" Evie begins to pout and she feels Mal's body shaking, she can absolutely tell that she's laughing at her but oddly enough...she doesn't feel the need to make a snide comeback of her own., suddenly it's late and both girls realize that they need to head back to their dorms. When they're back in their dorms they cuddle up on Evie's bed. \"Hey, Evie?\" Mal starts and Evie makes a grunt of recognition. \"I love you and I'm really sorry about earlier.\" She vocalizes softly. Evie nuzzles her head against Mal's purple hair. \"I love you too my little dragon and it's okay.\" Mal's face takes on a tint of red at the sound of her nickname. But she grins. Because now instead of just being kids on the Isle they were kids that lived in Auradon. They were emotionally scarred but they are loved and wanted here by people they loved. Both girls are able to sleep peacefully that night. ","Summary":" They both were just kids in the Isle. Both standing the abuse of their mothers. Both were just kids"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"The rebels Revenge","Author":"Yasmindc2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13032634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There I held her hand tight. Her long nail tickled among my skin, then those ever lasting words were heard with my very own bantam ears. She lifted her self up and wiped my dejected tears, then headed out of our rusted layer , and gave my a look that I will never forget. She waved, her final wave then left. Those words are still with me My dear daughter do not cry for I am with you, and I love you - Maleficent After the death of my dear mother I and my friends all concurred and decreed to plot a barbaric, cruel plan that will make them all remorseful that they ever stared upon our mother and fathers eyes. Jay is mostly angered about the one and only Jafars death, his is room full of pictures and delineation of Jafar. He is almost like his biggest fan... Unlike Jay, Eve likes to forget and not to forgive. Her illusionistic dreams catches us in a thought. Her dream of being a princess or wearing a gown discombobulates me at all times. Carlos in the other hand is hysteric freak, one scream and you know he probably saw a animal. His parents grew him up as a animal hater be for they died. And I Mal have no dreams or fears than the plan working out just as I want it... ","Summary":" There I held her hand tight. Her long nail tickled among my skin, then those ever lasting words wer"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"The rebels Revenge","Author":"Yasmindc2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13036172","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"But Bennyboo your intellections are extremely unproperdetestable\" \"Yes, but we owe them. Its certifiable that there vk's ,but that assuredly does not change anything \" \"Ben, did yoy knock your noggin. Them coming will change everything. What do you know there certainly plotting a daunting plan, plus why do we owe them? \" \"Because we slaughtered and killed there mother and father. No more postpone, were bringing them to Aradon\" •Back at the isle• The news was impeccable. Who knew we can get this unpredictably lucky. And before it was time I suspiciously opened my mothers gruff box were layed a spellbook, each page useful as another. Before the luxury lift, I headed upstairs, on the balcony, the view was astonishing. Then aberrantly everything started to spin. My eyes were hooked to the ground as a leaned to the balcony wall, my hole body was trembling and before my eyes I found myself helpless on the floor, my voice chords almost felt like they were pulled out to say anything. Then it stopped. I, shaking and cluttered rose form the floor. Speechless I glanced, not at the view, not at the balcony, not at the castle, but blank white floor and wall. I heard my mothers draconian hisses, she hissed 4 words: make me proud Mal, Mal, Mal, MAL. Suddenly everything started to spin again, this time a backup with a calling of a name, which was Mal. The calling got louder and louder. I couldn't move my body this time, still and unmovable I Finnaly approached to a my eyes closed. The calling was still there, I opened my eyes and found myself layed on the stiff balcony floor. Finnaly the mysterious calling was recognizable, it was Eve trying to left me up to the balcony handle. Eve was worried as I was. A hurricane of questions just swirled around my head as Eve was holding my hand to get off the balcony. I looked back and had a final and reliving breath of the Isles polluted air and uttered to my self: Dont worry mom I'll make u proud The car was fancy and cheek. Pile of mouthwatering treats were layed there just for Four of us. The seats were comfy was heck. Then there I stared at the back window as we approached to the start of the ultimate plan... First worrying and disturbing question seamed to catch me in a thought. Carlos noticed, he reach over to my lathered hands and squeezed them, a gave a weak and inconsable look that no villains should. Carlos immediately banged the drivers window and insisted that he should stop, when the driver refused, Carlos did the most unpredictable thing ever, he smashed the window car with his sour elbow and quickly proclaimed that we have jump out of the window. First Jay then Eve the it was us two, the driver was about to stop and there was very little time left, enough for one sentence: I love you Carlos. And before u know it I jumped out in to the boiling water. We were hotter than the core.. ","Summary":" \"But Bennyboo your intellections are extremely unproperdetestable\" \"Yes, but we owe them. Its ce"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendientes: ¿Héroes o villanos?","Author":"GianGarcia18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12806706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ¡Hola! Bueno, si ya has visto \"Descendientes\" y \"Descendientes 2\" conoces la historia de Mal, Evie, Carlos y Jay. Bueno, al final de la segunda película Ben le pide a Evie que le entregue una lista con los nombres de los chicos que según ella querrían entrar a Auradón. Esta historia se basará en esa lista y en los conflictos y situaciones que se den a partir de ella. ¡Espero que te guste! ***Los personajes conocidos son propiedad de Disney*** Respeta mi historia y mi creatividad. Di no al plagio. ","Summary":" ¡Hola! Bueno, si ya has visto \"Descendientes\" y \"Descendientes 2\" conoces la historia de Mal, E"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"i know my call despite my faults and despite my growing fears","Author":"a simple space nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12721269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] she shouldn't, but she does. it's wrong but—well, that's the problem. she misses who they used to be, who they used to be allowed to be. (who she still is, who she can't forget.) back when evie was just evie (not a princess and not perfect) and caros was just carlos (kind and soft without forgetting) and jay was just jay (who didn't need anything but them) and mal was just mal (cruel and malicious and fiercely protective of her friends) and they didn't have to be anything else because on the isle no one cared who you were. here, in auradon, with the perfect palaces and the pretty gowns, who you are is all that matters. (but not what you do, no, because king beast threw children in prison and he's still called a hero.) she misses her evie, with the pretty face and the sharp smiles, cackling as they'd dance through the marketplace, whip-smart and more vicious than anyone could guess, falling asleep tangled up together with limbs intertwined, far from their houses but never more at home than they were when they were together. she misses her boys. back-to-back with jay, side-to-side with carlos, up against the world and everyone in it, laughing as they wreaked havoc like they were born for it. stealing with jay and brawling with carlos and running over rooftops as if they could fly, piling together in the treehouse after a bad day, binding broken bones and bloody fists and never needing each other to change because they were happy with what they had. she misses the rotten four, alone and isolated and never wanting for more, ruling the isle even if nobody acknowledged it, spray paint and leather gloves and burning loyalty even in the face of traitors and murderers and everything else they grew up with. forming a circle with fists up and blades out and bodies winding around each other with an easiness no one ever taught them, never needing a thank you to protect and defend. braiding hair and massaging shoulders and linking arms and walking in a line as the people around them bent out of their way. they had power, on the isle, and it was nothing but the power they made. they had power and it was power they earned, power they created, together. now there's evie, (not hers, not anymore,) who designs dresses and not battle tactics, who settles for less and learns to love instead of expecting the best and demanding better, who wears dresses and tiaras every day and makes new friends with an ease her mother didn't have to teach her, who uses her powers of manipulation-seduction-grace and uses them for others, who still loves mal but doesn't need to anymore. now there's her boys, drifting away. (not even each other's, anymore.) there's jay with a new team and new admirers and no one's ever told them, here, that jay is hers and theirs and off-limits for meddling with . (protection means something different here.) there's carlos with his dog and his tech and his inventions, and he's happy but he's not—alive, not like he used to be. jay who doesn't enter the dorm until after dinner, out with his new friends and his new popularity, (without them) and she's happy for him but they were family and now they're not, and she doesn't blame him for grasping on to the offer and taking everything he was never given except that's not true and she does. carlos who makes new friends, softer and kinder and nothing like who carlos is, and she watches him change, more confident externally but every one of the characterises she used to know so well dimming and being overtaken by auradon, and she doesn't resent him for forgetting everything about who they are were except she does because they were there for him and now they don't need to be and now she barely knows who he is. she barely knows who any of them are. (evie with her (one) boyfriend and her dresses and her soft voice and gentle smiles, carlos with his easy grin and his still hands and his loose limbs and his smooth hair, jay with his gruff barely-there affection and his tourney jersey and the nearly-impersonal wink he throws her before disappearing with chad and lonnie.) and she knows that on the outside she seems different too, sometimes, maybe, hopefully, but she's not and it's a lie . her bleached-blonde hair itches and when she runs her fingers through it (when it's unpinned, that is,) she tries to pretend she doesn't want to claw colour back into the strands. the dresses ben likes are the ones she wears and the fabric burns where it touches her skin and she smiles for evie but her fingernails trail along the skirts like she wants to rip them to shreds. the people she has to talk to, because ben, are stupid and useless and everything mal is wants to burn them out of existence but ben's hand sits heavy on her back and she chokes down the sparks she imagines she can feel in her throat. she doesn't run and walks without purpose and sits with her hands folded and her eyes dull and thinks that this is not what she wanted when she turned away her mother and her past. she'd thought—what? what had she thought, what had she expected? what had she wanted from this land she owes nothing to, from this land she knows nothing of? (she'd keep her leathers and her spray paints and her lifetime of imprisonment would not have been traded for another. evie wouldn't hide who she used to be like she was ashamed of it, jay wouldn't forget what they went through for each other, carlos wouldn't trade his old family for a new one who knew nothing about him.) it just—it just builds, and builds, and builds, and then one day she's staring at the cameras and she's forgotten how to smile and snap out of it mal and it's like she's underwater and it was never like this on the isle, never, she always knew who she was and what she was doing and she was always in control. later ben's talking to her and it's like she's watching from a distance, the way she giggles and tilts her head and smiles for him like she knows he wants her to and inside she doesn't feel anything at all, she's numb, she's somewhere far away, she feels nothing . and then soon she's crying when all she wants is to burn, she's weeping even though the itch is back and she wants to drag her nails up her arms and claw her way out this too-small skin, and her hands are shaking with something more than magic and if she squints it looks like her fingers are twitching too much to be nerves. (and the thing inside mal is screaming and twisting and writhing and she doesn't know what's happening and she doesn't know who or what she is and the thing inside mal is growing and growing and growning and the fear she's still learning tells her that she can't lose herself to that) ( maleficent was a dragon, don't forget, the students at auradon prep whisper sometimes, but mal doesn't think about it.) evie will be content with her dresses and her new perfect life and she doesn't need mal. jay will be safe with his team and everything he's ever wanted and he doesn't care about mal. carlos will be happy with his friends and he can take care of himself and he doesn't want mal. she doesn't need to be here, she isn't wanted—she doesn't belong and she is sick of this and her skin itches and her dresses burn and a scream has been lodged in her throat for months now just begging to escape. so she runs. she runs, and somewhere in her mind there is the hope that the itch will leave and her mind will clear and the scream will tear its way out of her mouth and she won't have to hide-disguise-lie because who she is has should not be a secret, should not be a sin, and– well. there are other places to go. other places where screaming is encouraged and sins are a way of life. mal's always suited black more than yellow. it's time she reminds herself why. (and the itch will leave and the scream will become a roar and she won't hide who she is and none of it will happen the way she'd expected.) (that's okay.) ","Summary":" she shouldn't, but she does. it's wrong but—well, that's the problem. she misses who they used to b"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"you love a pretty girl with a twisted mind","Author":"a simple space nerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12721270","Passage":"[Chapter 1] he meets her when they're nothing more than children, two street-waifs trying to survive without any help from their parents. jay is no use to his father unless he is stocking shelves. mal is no good to her mother unless she can surpass every challenge set for her. (both get told the same thing: if you can't do this, don't come home.) she tries to steal from him, he calls her little one, and somehow they don't maim each other. jay is dangerous, every inch of him, blades accessible along the sides of his vests and strapped to his arms, mal's eyes flash sickly-green with teeth somewhat pointed when she snarls, and they've both grown up dodging blows from one person or another, but around each other jay can feel more like the carefree boy he pretends to be and mal can be cold but not cruel and it is everything they need, eight and nine and ten and growing up together. their alliance is not soft or gentle but that would never have worked for them anyways. the first gift she receives is from him; a necklace with a cheap purple jewel dangling from the rusted silver chain, and she wears it under her clothes every day after, staring at it in her palm when things get hard. his first gift he too receives from her: a golden bracelet she tells him is his and his alone and that itis not for jafar to take and mal always gets a satisfied gleam in her eyes when she sees it snug on his wrist . they rule the school and the streets alike, mal with her easy confidence and jay with his lazy swagger and his fists reinforce what her sharp tongue cannot and together they are impenetrable. (they are not always at each other's sides, to be seen as co-dependent would be to be seen as weak, but when there is conflict they are there and when there are shadows they are there and when there is trouble they are making it.) the first person to bandage his wounds is her, and to her it is him, and they are allies until the day jay is hiding in mal's closet, bleeding and dazed after a bad run-in with gaston, and mal hisses at him to hide as in her haste to return to him and tend to his aches she says something wrong (jay will never know what, exactly, it was) and jay hears mal's soft sounds as her mother swings her (useless, empty) staff at mal's head, shrieking. mal returns to him not in the least bit deterred, bruises already blooming like roses on her cheekbones and her lip oozing lazily. they say nothing more (they don't need words, they never have,) but that day they go from allies to something more. jay has probably always been a tactile person, but he never got a chance to discover that before mal. (mal doesn't like to be touched, but for jay… for jay there is not much she would not do, though she will never say so.) he often hooks an arm around her shoulder, or rests his arms on her shoulders, (\"little one\") or drapes his long arms over her and rests his chin on one of her shoulders. fighting, they are unstoppable, hard as nails and twice as vicious, and alone they are fiery and mischievous and it is jay who teaches mal to laugh and smile and it is mal who teaches jay how to look relaxed while readying for a battle and teaches him what it means to care. they fight, of course they do, stubborn and sly and whip-smart the both of them, street-grown and violent and angry and determined and fiercely defensive, aggressively protective, two human explosions forever reaching higher. but there are days where their friendship is all they have, though will never give it that name, friendship , and though a grudge may last weeks it will always fade in the end. these are two children who do not follow rules, who do their best to break the few they know of: there are no lines they will not cross and yet there are things they will not say: things like nothing but an employee, useless good-for-nothing and still always disappointing your mother, fake-fae . they sit perched on a roof overlooking the market, even closer together than usual, jay's breath warm on mal's neck as her legs dangle over the roof and her hair blows gently in the breeze, not leaning back into his chest but barely a breath away. his arm lies over his bent knee while the other is placed behind him and his second leg swings beside mal's. jay's voice is gravelly when he speaks but not harsh. \"what are you thinking?\" the sun is setting, low over the water, and from their vantage point they can see how even the sun shines brighter over the crystal peaks of auradon. mal is silent a moment longer than usual but jay doesn't prod, waiting patiently, tilting his head to look at her. she turns slightly so that she can see him better, leaning on one of his shoulders, against his bent knee. \"one day,\" she tells him, voice raw and not quite a whisper, \"we'll burn it to the ground.\" jay's lips quirk into a half-smile as he meets her gaze and looks away again, nothing soft in his lips, dangerous and dark. \"auradon?\" mal shakes her head. \"all of it,\" she says, a pledge, and no one hearing would dare to question her. (all of it: their prison and their prisoners and anyone who dares to stand in their way.) the thought of doubt never even crosses jay's mind, as he glances at her again, at the necklace of bruises on her neck, the fingernail-scratches on her cheeks, her split lip, the points to her ears as he tugs on a strand of purple hair. \"together,\" he agrees, an oath of his own. completely serious, meaning every word. \"we'll burn it all, little one.\" mal nods, once, sharp, and her still sharper-than-expected teeth glint in the sinking sunlight. \"together,\" she repeats, quieter but not gently, a promise forged of broken bones and mouths spitting blood and lost children left to fend for themselves. \"you and me.\" sometimes they do not know where one of them ends and where the other begins and they know each other better than they know themselves, sometimes they fight more aggressively than they ever have without fists and sometimes with fists, and always he knows that there is nothing he would not do for her, nowhere he would not follow her to, nobody he would not leave behind for her. (he does not know, yet, but he will be by her side for their whole lives, her general and her best-and-first friend and her closer-than-a-brother and they will change the world.) (together.) jay is the first to love her, this fae-girl with the bloody fists and the wicked tongue, raining promises of destruction like salvation, but he is not the last. they meet at twelve years old, and it's awful. a man's breath is hot on her neck, his meaty fingers pawing at her, moving the fabric of her dress on her shoulder aside, and evie shrieks as she claws at his hands, at his face. her feet swing helplessly towards his knees but she is new to the marketplace, new to the people who live on this island with her. she's close to crying, panic burning bright and hot in her stomach, when the man pressing her against the brick wall of the alleyway suddenly howls and drops her arms, dropping to his knees to reveal a short, impassive little girl who can't be older than evie herself. evie stares. the girl calmly reaches over and retrieves her blade from between the man's shoulder blades, swiftly kicking the back of his knees with her boots and sending him sprawling forward, where he rolls helplessly on the floor until the girl calmly, ruthlessly, viciously, smashes her boot onto his face. evie hears a crack. blood spurts and he makes a gurgled scream. the girl looks at evie as if she didn't just decimate a man twice her size. \"i'm mal,\" she says shortly, and evie stumbles off against the wall. \"vie,\" she rasps, the word coming out hoarse as she tugs at her skirt edges, flustered, clearing her throat. tries again. \"evie.\" mal looks almost amused at this, and evie takes a moment to look over her saviour, purple locks falling over her ears, eyes a strange indecipherable colour in the darkness of the alley, clothes dark and leathered, fingerless gloves bearing a stain that evie doesn't want to look too closely at. \"thank you,\" says evie after an uncomfortably long moment of silence. mal looks at her disapprovingly, folding her arms. there are studs on the collar of her leather jacket. \"don't,\" she warns. \"thanking people gives them an opportunity to claim a dept.\" evie gawks, confused and shaken. her hands are trembling. \"why did you save me?\" she asks, instead of replying to mal's strange proclamation, which she knows, she knows , she hasn't been allowed out of the castle three days and she's already gotten lost, assaulted, and told off. suddenly tears are stinging the backs of her eyes, and mal looks somewhat alarmed at the sight, and if evie had been thinking straight she would have wondered why mal, maleficent's dragonet, witchling, (three days is not a lot of time but everyone knows who mal is) heartless and invincible and ruthless, is suddenly looking uncomfortable. (why'd she save her?) mal shrugs, turns around, and evie follows her uncertainty, not wanting to be left alone with the man still weakly gargling on the floor. \"doesn't matter why,\" mal says shortly, not a snap, less harsh than what it may have been to someone else. (why did she save her? why, why?) \"just matters that i did.\" she's approached by mal the next day as she walks to school and tries hard not to show she's relieved, even more mollified when mal slips her a shard of glass and tells her where it'll hurt. she walks into class with mal at her side and suddenly she knows what her mother is talking about when she says magic is powerful. mal is evie's magic. evie knows she has a lot to learn. she's good, very good, at poisons and potions and scheming and mal's eyes are approving when she leans over to check evie's results, although she scowls after evie stops trying when her mother yells and screams and berates her because no prince will want a woman who seems smarter than him! keep it on the inside! don't let them know! mal introduces her to a boy named jay, and evie's seen them together before, the handsome thief with dark eyes and long hair and an easy smirk. jay teaches her knife-throwing, a skill she takes to instantly, and suddenly when mal and jay move through the halls parting the students like water, evie is at their sides. heels and head high sashaying with low-cut skirts and all the cheap jewellery the other two have bestowed upon her over time, the three of them rule the halls and evie is almost drunk on the feeling of power, of belonging, of capability. (this, she thinks secretly, is what she was born for. not princes, not for ruling petty useless far-away kingdoms.) (this is her kingdom and these are the kings and queens.) mal is sly and jay is quick and evie is smart and now when her mother keeps her locked away for days at a time without food, without light, evie has somewhere to creep off to, people who care, though they will never admit it. evie is good at hiding her feelings. Her face is a canvas, mother says. show them only what you want them to see, and what you want them to see if what they want to see. evie is very good at this, at distraction, manipulation. mal is not. (not like her, not like evie is. no one is like evie is.) everyone knows when mal is in a bad mood, and jay is not much better, so evie is the one to smooth things over, evie is the one to flutter her eyelashes and lean over and make things better and mal always sends her a too-sharp smile and bumps shoulders with her and evie thinks this is exactly how it should be. she loves mal, desperately, like she's never loved someone else. mal made her who she is, showed her who she could become, saved her life in so many more ways than one. she may never know why mal chose to intervene, chose to adopt her, but she will never take mal for granted. their friendship is not one-sided, she knows this, sometimes she even sees a side of mal that she knows no one else does and she feels loved and perfect and beautiful. they sit on the top of maleficent's castle with mal's head on evie's shoulder and their arms wrapped around each other, older and tougher and harder and yet closer than they ever used to be, and evie squeezes her tight, looks at the stars above their heads. \"that's us,\" mal whispers into evie's curls, and evie looks down at her, smiling. \"stars,\" mal continues. \"we'll be shining for ever and ever, evie. everyone will know our names. we'll have everything we could ever want, and everyone we want, and no one will ever stop us.\" evie hums fondly, hugs the half-not-fae tighter to her. \"but who's gonna get us up there, m? we're stuck out here with no princes and no magic.\" it's not a challenge, it never would be. evie is a menace in her own right, vicious and crueller than many others and very efficient and very very effective but mal is family and evie would not ever want anything else, anything more. \"we are,\" mal tells her, and there's a smile in her words, and her grin gleams, and evie laughs and rests her head on mal's shoulder as they switch spots. she remembers mal saying that evie doesn't need a prince. she thinks about how she rules the isle with two others without a boy she has to kiss. \"i'll get you anything you wanted, e. anything you could ask for, you'll get it.\" \"thank you,\" smiles evie, and they both know it's the farthest thing from mocking. (farthest thing from weak.) \"don't thank people, e,\" mal teases, pocking her in the stomach, fiddling with the ends of evie's hair and evie laughs, remembering. \"we'll never be in each other's debt,\" evie says, and mal giggles. \"i would never not want to give you what you asked, what you wanted.\" she means every word and she straightens up to look mal in the eyes as mal's eyes go softer than they have before and she leans forward and kisses evie's cheek and this is evie's whole world, right here, right now. she meets him first when he is twelve years old. she is two years his senior but her eyes are bright and inquisitive as they follow him along the school hall. her gaze feels like it's burning him, a constant itch that he can't scratch, and it sets him on edge. he knows who she is. everyone knows who mal is. (and now, he thinks miserably, everyone knows who he is too. carlos de evil, cruella's runt, finally out in the light.) he sees jay sitting impassively by her right and turns away. he's known jay for years, nothing ever past friendly (friendly doesn't exist) competition and casual acknowledgment as they pass on the streets and sometimes they'll run along the rooftops together or cause trouble for lack of something else to do. carlos is good at causing trouble. jay knows more about him than anyone other than cruella, and she doesn't really count. (in order to know something about carlos, she'd have to remember he was her son for more than a couple hours.) he likes jay. certainly doesn't trust him, but liking someone is as good as it gets on an in island full of criminals and their spawn. \"so you're jay's little secret,\" comes mal's voice, and carlos jumps. mal's blocking his access to his locker, one arm keeping it closed, and her eyes are curious but hard and very, very threatening. carlos resists the urge to gulp or cower. he has faced much, much worse than a fourteen-year-old with purple hair and a leather jacket. \"um,\" he says. \"i'm carlos.\" \"yes,\" mal agrees, unimpressed. \"i know.\" carlos flushes, but then straightens, suddenly wildly emboldened. \"you're blocking my locker,\" he says bravely, and she remains unmoved but raises an eyebrow, face unreadable. he doesn't squirm, doesn't reach for any of his knives, just folds his arms over his chest and waits expectantly. mal doesn't move. neither does he. in some distant part of his mind, he's screaming at himself, but for now they're at an impassive, apparently. carlos wouldn't have a problem if it turned physical, though he'd rather not, but mal doesn't seem too inclined to starting a fight with him, something in her eyes looking almost like bemusement… amusement, intrigue, an unspoken dare. it's the amusement that annoys him, and he locks his jaw. mal's eyebrow travels further. he doesn't twitch. suddenly, mal's cold mask of indifference breaks. she cracks a smile and carlos blinks. \"alright,\" she says, pushing off his locker, \"jay likes you, so I guess you can stay.\" she grins, abrupt, and though it's nothing kind (more of a warning than anything else) carlos relaxes somewhat, still thrown by the change in atmosphere. she pushes his forehead with two fingers, sending him stumbling a couple steps, and rolls her eyes before disappearing, leaving carlos standing by his locker in confusion. \"mal didn't scare you too badly, did she?\" jay sounds almost worried, later, under his teasing tone, and carlos rolls his eyes but he's shaking his head in confusion. \"i think she likes me? she said i can stay, whatever that means?\" jay barks out a laugh and pulls carlos into a rough headlock. \"welcome to the club, pup,\" he grins, and carlos pushes out of his grip but he's almost excited, now. (everyone knows who mal is.) (soon, they will know who he is for something other than his heritage.) it takes a while, for it to feel more normal. walking through the halls and the streets and the alleyways with jay and evie and mal as a group, (as a gang,) sending the people scattering, mal's cold gaze never flinching, evie's confident walk clicking louder than her heels, jay's immovable exterior of pure brawn. it takes even longer for him to know her as anything other than his leader. it takes gang wars and the slow realisation that mal really intends to bring order to the chaos they've been born into and the sudden realisation that he'll back her up without a doubt. it takes watching the gangs bend and break under mal's calculated work, drawing up alliances and territories without breaking a sweat, harsh and powerful and intervening whenever things get too violent between other gangs with a display of power and violence that (although he is part of it) never ceases to amaze carlos. it takes stumbling into the place they often lurk, a hideaway, bleeding and limping, expecting jay maybe, and finding no one but mal, who takes him by the elbow and cleans his cuts and sets his bones without judgement and with fingers familiar in their movements, holding his wrist when he tries to back away. he's never in the best mindset when he's hurt, even worse still when it's cruella who inflicts the hurt… which. it's often. he flinches away from her and mal kneels by him and she shows him her palms and doesn't move to touch him, moving her head to capture his crazed eyes with her own green orbs, not glowing, not shining, just mal. \"carlos,\" she tells him, and he doesn't know how but he knows that whatever she says next will define how he will think of her forever. \"it's okay. let me help you. it's just mal. it's okay, you're okay.\" just mal. (not leader, not queen, not fae. just mal.) he stares at her, wide eyed, as she binds his broken arm, gaze lingering on the unmistakably hand-shaped bruises on his body for only a moment before sitting down beside him on the bench he's frozen to. it's just mal, he thinks, and in a display nothing like himself he lets himself fall sideways and lie his head against her shoulder, exhaling shakily. mal, too, takes a deep breath, but wraps her arm around him and squeezes, and he thinks that with her by his side he could not fear for anything, could take on the world and win, could do anything, could be anything he wanted. jay and evie find them in their hideaway with carlos' head on one of mal's knees and her sketchbook on the other as she uses one hand to sketch and one hand to comb through carlos' hair, carlos himself merely fiddling with a few pieces of junk metal he's twisting into a dragon of some sort. neither of them say anything and carlos is grateful. mal's warning glare probably had something to do with it, maybe, possibly. \"carlos,\" mal says, much later, years later, with new hurts. her voice is blazing, determined, focused, and he looks up, struggling to focus his eyes, the concussion an annoying distraction as he attempts to find the source of mal's voice. she takes his chin in one of her hands, tilts it toward herself, firmly but inflicting no damage, nails carefully angled away from his face. \"carlos.\" \"m'll,\" he slurs, and she smiles slightly, a smile just for him, he can tell because it's not real. \"mmm,\" she agrees, and slips her hands under his arms to pull him to his feet, her strength surprising him as it always does, rubbing circles on his back when he has to pause and throw up, slinging an arm over her shoulders and slipping an arm around his waist as they head away from hell house. \"one day,\" she tells him as they shuffle along. \"one day, i will kill her for you.\" \"you'd do that?\" of course she would. she'd do it now, if he asked her to, if the barrier allowed. mal looks at him. \"i would do anything for you,\" she informs him firmly, bluntly. \"there is nothing i would not do for you. when we tear this world down and build our own, c, killing her will be the first thing we do. no one should ever be able to lay a hand on you again. one day, no one will. I promise you, carlos.\" \"i b'lieve you,\" he says, softly, head turned so that his cheekbone rests against her collarbone, and he presses a sloppy kiss to the sliver of skin he sees. \"i'd do the s'me for you, y'know. y're… y're fam'ly, mal.\" she holds him closer to her body and her arm tightens around his waist. \"family,\" she agrees. \"and family never leave each other behind, carlos.\" he doesn't know how she knows that's a fear of his, if she knows, how he sometimes thinks he's the weak link, youngest, smallest, least good at being evil, how one day they won't find him or they won't look. whatever the truth may be, he leans heavily against mal and thinks that for her, he would raze armies to the ground, for her he would fly into danger without a backwards glance, for her he would do anything she asked. he's always known who she is, harry has. (mal, terrible and beautiful and cruel. she brings the gangs together with an iron fist and a grip of steel, strategic displays of power and strength demonstrating not to cross her and her gang of rotten four, kings and queens of the isle even if no one explicitly says so. she shows up at school occasionally for the sole purpose of reminding everyone how far her influence extends. she marches through territories not her own and no one dares to stop her. those who question her are quickly destroyed.) he's always know who she is but he's never know her until one night: their eyes meet under the shimmering moon with fog so heavy he can barely see in front of his face (he's used to it) but somehow he finds her eyes, not glowing but something close to it, the mass of isle inhabitants twisting all around them in the seedy club they've converged in. he grins at her, cocky and dangerous and flirty. she grins back. by the end of the night, isle music raucous and loud in their ears, harry's lips are on hers and her hands are gripping the front of his vest to keep him close. \"mal,\" he says, low and sweet and reverent, and her lazy smile is piercing, fingers now laced behind his neck, cool even with the heat of the bodies pressed to every side of them. \"witch queen,\" he murmurs against her throat, \"fae of the isle, gorgeous, beautiful, malmal mal .\" (she's fifteen and he's almost sixteen and they're too similar and nothing like each other and they're growing up in the shadows of different parts of the isle but the isle all the same.) (here's the thing: harry flirts, harry dares, harry challenges, and mal returns the dare and mal accepts the challenge and mal doesn't flirt back as that's beneath her but she takes what she wants and she doesn't hesitate to take him up on his unspoken offer and he loves it .) they don't go home together. harry didn't expect them to. the isle doesn't do dating. (mal once called it more like gang activity, which. not entirely inaccurate.) but then the next gathering, the next party, music even more grating than the last time, with harry's body writhing around with another group of miscreants, closer to each other than for any sane person's comfort, (though none of them are sane) eyes ringed with kohl and air thick with coloured mist, and suddenly mal is beside him and then in front of him and her lips are claiming his and he laughs against her mouth as his hands find her waist and she tilts him downwards. (mal would never reach up for someone. no, others must reach down for her, be pulled down to her height. harry wouldn't want anything else.) they make their way to a corner of the room, full to the brim with delinquents and pounding music, lights flashing and people drunk off things other than alcohol, and mal's hands are in his hair and they're leaned against the wall and it's beautiful and nothing is wrong. kissing mal tastes like fireworks and feels like rebirth and kissing mal is like lightning, dangerous and fierce but too enticing to even consider stopping. mal kisses like it's the last thing she'll ever do and she kisses like it's the only path to survival and she kisses like she's doing him a favour. the air is heavy and hot and their bodies are intertwined and in the shadows, he can't tell where she ends and he begins. (harry gets drunk off mal and he wouldn't change it for the world.) they still don't go home together, (because what is a home, on this island of the damned and betrayed) but they do sleep together. (gang activity, mal had said, and it was true.) they're both wild and domineering and passionate and he thinks that something in him has been waiting and waiting for her and now she's kissed (claimed) him and he's alive and he loves it. they're both wicked and they're both unpredictable and it's as perfect as things can be for people like them. and harry knows he isn't mal's first (this is the isle, after all,) but that doesn't stop something from glowing in his stomach when she sends him a smirk from across the room or when she greets him with a kiss and tucks herself into him or when he sees the envy (and the fear) in the eyes of the others around them. he sees the way jay's jaw clenches (overprotective, paranoid bastard) when they stumble out of a party mouth-to-mouth or when he tugs mal closer to him at gatherings or in the back-markets (but she lets him; no one could make mal do something she doesn't want to and harry would never desire to control her anyways) and harry laughs because there's nothing jay can do and if mal wants to do this then there's no one who could stop her. she can protect herself, they all know, so he winks at jay and uses his hook to play with a piece of mal's purple hair. mal still hooks up with other people. he knows she does. not often and not ever seriously (island kids don't date, island kids don't date,) but he doesn't mind. she'll lock eyes with him with her arms loosely draped over someone else's shoulders and he'll head over in time to see mal push her willing victim away with two fingers on their chest and he'll take their place with a smirk and a laugh just for her, and he'll feel the longing gazes and he'll smile against her mouth. island kids don't date. island kids don't love. but island kids do hook up and for a while harry and mal happen to hook up consistently and passionately and not just under the dim lights of some mob party. they're happy with that. she doesn't tell him about her home life or her gang-family-allies and he doesn't tell her about his (harriet-cj-uma-gil) and they content themselves with living on the edge and with what they have. (his loyalty is to uma and always will be, uma who has been there for him forever, but his love- his love - bright and blistering and mad- is for mal.) she pushes him against the wall and leans forward, aggressive and all-encompassing as she ever is, and his hands fall easily on her hips as he lowers himself on the wall to be at a more accessible height, legs stretched out and bent before him, mal's arms loose and her nails cold against the skin on her neck, and then she pulls back. he tilts his head, lips buzzing and pulled into a half-smile, and she leans in again. then says: (with a smile, without malice) \"this is the last time, harry,\" and kisses him even fiercer than the first time, before pushing off the wall and vanishing into the crowd of party-goers. it's okay, really. he was lucky, he was blessed, he was happy, and then she moved on and that's normal, that's expected, that's fine, that's—she begins to slink around with uma in the same shadows they used to prowl, and exes (island kids don't date ) have never been amicable here but this is something else. (she is still mal and she is still fae and power and queen while he is nothing-wharf-rat-first-mate-uma's but. but . this is something different.) (how could they do that .) mal has always been in uma's peripheral vision. there she is, street-witch , terrorising the halls at school, there she is , fae-spawn , claiming the markets as her own and ruling the territories with eyes that blaze, there she is, gang-queen , wild and beautiful and dangerous in every way. she has a thing with harry, for a while, which doesn't bother uma much, though she's never liked mal much. she listens and obeys and respects the not-fae and her wishes, but they are both powerful, they are both queens in their own rights, and uma has never learnt how to be second-best. harry is a wild card, not quite sane and far too proud, but he is hers, and so she lets him do what he will, until the day mal meets uma's eyes while harry's lips move on her neck, mal's gaze quietly-burning and curious and something else. that day things change because something in her gut uncoils and until she bumps into mal two weeks later- harry no longer her shadow- she doesn't know what it is. mal is intriguing, amazing, tantalising. they become something more slowly, achingly, until one day uma looks up and mal is standing by her side (equals, equals , queens both of them,) with her arms folded and her eyebrow lazily raised in a challenge and her lips pursed and uma grins because this is right. this is what they deserve, sea-witch and fae-bitch with power running through their veins. this was pre-ordained, this was destined, this is right and perfect and how it should be. mal's body is only ever a breath away from uma's and if she moved just a millimetre the balance would be thrown, but they dance around each other with a comfort no one's ever taught them. (this kind of thing cannot be learnt.) and mal's arm rests against uma's and they stand at aligning angles and uma's cackle blends with mal's and she can drinks in the wariness, the fear, when they stand together at gang meetings and the leaders of all the territories see them, uma-and-mal, together and strong and magnificent. mal kisses her and uma kisses back. (and they are equal, equal, equal and deserving.) uma sends a shark-smile to evie when the girl looks at her uncertainly, the defensiveness in her eyes shining, the way she looks at mal like she thinks mal's being tricked and evie needs to be the one to save her. uma links mal's pinkie with hers and mal squeezes back and evie's face sours as she turns away, message received. carlos stays out of their way but uma is more cautious of him than any of the others. the smaller fish were always the ones to slip easiest through the nets, through the traps—she doesn't trust him and she doesn't hide it; narrowing her eyes at him and curling her hand on mal's hip possessively, defensively. carlos meets her eyes and doesn't look away and uma knows he won't be a problem. jay doesn't like her much, uma knows. his fists curl when uma leans over to say something to mal and her hair blocks their faces from view. he worries, uma knows. (\"i won't hurt her,\" she tells him when they're sitting across from each other in the slop shop, eyes on mal on the opposite side of the room. jay's eyes are cautious. \"really,\" uma says, wanting to convince him suddenly, weakly, pathetically. \"and i would never compromise the alliance,\" she adds after a moment. \"i care for her.\" it's risky and it's stupid and why did she admit that, is it what she's drinking, why, but jay leans back in his seat and says nothing.) he changes, after that, still wary but winking at them and even ruffling mal's hair once, grudging compromise because he can see how brightly they glow, for each other, when they're together. it's not all a power-play, though. uma loves mal, fiercely, desperately. she needs to establish this because mal is different and mal is special and uma has so little that truly matters to her. mal will never be hers, she knows, not like harry or gil or (to an extent) her crew, but for a brief shining moment they are each other's and that is enough. it all ends rather abruptly. one moment they're in love whatever they are, and the next they stand on the beginnings of a full-out turf war. (he'd looked at them funny, with a sneer, with a leer, with disgust-and-lust, and uma's vision had gone red. they deserved respect, reverence, they deserved better .) mal is furious, uma can understand why, but mal refuses to listen . \"you almost killed one of my men,\" she snarls, and uma refuses to back down, refuses to shy away even as mal's eyes glitter dangerously. \"i'm not sorry,\" uma snaps, and mal growls. wrong thing to say but really, they're what they are, what did she expect. \"i should have known this was a mistake, this would never work,\" she continues, and. that stings. uma recoils but then her eyes narrow. (they are queens, queens, but not of things like peace and kindness. these are the queens of chaos and warfare and blood. their thrones are made of bones and held together with spit and determination and uma will not bow to this, to her .) (it's foolish and it's unwise but uma was never the queen of wisdom, of virtues.) \"fine,\" she spits, but can't stop herself from trying half-heartedly to salvage some of what they had: \"i did this for us, you know, for you.\" mal's eyes burn. \"no,\" she answers. \"if you were going to do this for me you would not have done it at all or you would have done it properly. you broke the treaty, uma, my treaty . you did this for you, to make a point.\" uma bares her teeth furiously. \"witch-bitch,\" she hisses. mal's lip curls. \"shrimpy fool,\" she retorts, and uma lunges. mal dodges the fist and laughs, disappointment and scorn in her eyes. \"missed,\" she taunts cruelly. \" weak .\" with that, she spins on her heel and leaves, and uma lets her go, standing alone in the room with an awful, awful, unfamiliar feeling in her stomach, hands uncurling as the fight leaves her, slumping down onto the floor and burying her face in her hands. (she'd forgotten: mal was a queen but queens have rules.) ben loves her even before he sees her, he reckons. it was as though, the instant he saw her, he knew. she was going to mean something to him, she was going to change things, he could just feel it. eventually, well, suddenly those feelings were amplified by what he'd later learn was a love potion and his heart sung malmalmal until he couldn't hear anything else. and he thought to himself, i can fix this, i can fix her, this is achievable. then he took a dip in the enchanted river and realised there was a lot more to fix than he'd originally thought. (on the doubtful days, he wonders: would they ever have been something more, if not for the potion? their first date only happened because mal wanted it to. the way mal looked at him, was that real or was that manipulation? sometimes he wonders if anything they have is real or if it's after-effects of a spell, it's out of duty, it's imagined. sometimes he wonders and sometimes he wonders if mal does too.) and they're not perfect. ben is good, he is kingly, he has been groomed to raise a kingdom. mal is (beautiful) harsh, (ethereal) untameable, (insecure) and she tells him she doesn't know what love feels like. he tells her he will show her. later, he will wonder why that was his immediate reaction, what that says about him. mal is everything he could never be, all sharp edges and secrets and smiles he doesn't understand. what they have is good, until it's too good. (and mal isn't good -good but she is good for him and she is enough for him and he wishes—he wishes a lot of things.) she fades. bleaches her (gorgeous, perfect) hair. wears the (artificial, washed-out) colours audrey does. smiles for the cameras (kind and sweet and lost) as if she practices before the mirror in the morning. he wants to tell her he chose her, and he wants to tell her to remember he dumped audrey for her, and he wants to tell her that he loves her the way she is and he doesn't want anything but her, except he doesn't tell her anything because he doesn't see anything and then it's too late. in the first few hours after she's left, (fled, and mal never runs from anything so that really says more than anything else, doesn't it?) he (selfishly, bitterly,) ponders why she didn't feel as though she could tell him her doubts, her fears. he certainly told her things; what was bothering him, what he was up to, and—oh. he forgets, sometimes, that he's royalty, that his problems are kingly, that all mal's been shown since she arrived in auradon is that ben is perfect and princely and that he is so much more than normal, than ordinary, than just-ben. he begins to understand. they find her, hair sleek and shiny and clothes darker than he's ever seen them. (it doesn't look quite right, but black has always suited her better than yellow.) he wants to tell her that it's okay to be just-mal and that she can fit in without changing herself and that it's okay to have doubts but mal is pushing him away, away, with an aggression he forgot she used to possess. his fault, that. and then everything is going wrong and he wonders how he managed to screw up this badly, in general but also with mal. when did he forget mal was different, special? when did he forget where she came from, what she came from? (i don't know love, she told him, and he told her he'd show her, not why not or i'm sorry or anything else at all, ben, why didn't you think .) he wonders when he forgot what auradon was all about, showing people they were loved, reminding people that someone cared, and he wonders when he forgot that being a king was only as important as being a friend, being a boyfriend, being a teammate. because a king is for the people and ben isn't sure when he lost that. after everything is over, mal looking at him almost cautiously, bracing for something he desperately hopes she won't find, he covers her hand with his own and says, \"i love you, i love who you are, i don't want you to change and i'm sorry that i didn't tell you, and i'm sorry for not realising what you were going through, and i'm sorry you didn't think people cared for you because so many people love you , mal, there are so many people who care for you and i'm sorry that we didn't let you know.\" mal stares at him, and her eyes are glistening, not with fae-magic but with—tears? tears. maybe. could it be? mal has never cried before, not to him. (maybe that is as much his fault as it is hers.) \"i love you,\" ben repeats, and he's praying to anything he can think of, pouring everything he feels into his eyes. \"i don't need you to be perfect because to me you are perfect just the way you are and i love that about you, i love that you like dark colours and potions and magic. i love that you love your friends and i love your humour and i love that you aren't ever afraid to say what you're thinking and i love who you are .\" mal looks away from him for a second and then immediately her gaze returns, wide and frightened and desperate. ben looks down at their hands, laces their fingers. \"i know—\" he falters. \"i know it's hard, to figure out who you are, but… i'll be here. if you want me.\" mal exhales, squeezes his fingers, and leans into him. \"thank you,\" she manages after a long moment where ben can hear his heart racing through every vein. \"i love you too. a lot. more than, um. more than i used to think i could ever love someone, like this. and you taught me that, ben. you taught me what love is and i'm so grateful and i'm sorry that i forgot but i won't give up on this if you won't.\" she's avoiding his eyes, and ben takes her chin like he did all those lifetimes ago and she looks vulnerable and beautiful and not-afraid and he's smiling and laughing and then when he says never he feels as though his heart is bursting and the last piece of the puzzle has slid into place. mal kisses him and it feels like new beginnings and never-giving-ups and above all it feels like love and ben holds her tight and she's smiling and crying and she's saying i love you i love you i love you against his lips and this is what a happy ending looks like. (no fireworks, no ballgowns, no songs, just real people and determination and love . mal and ben, a king and a dragon, and he knows they can make this work.) and they'll walk back to the others with mal's red-rimmed eyes and ben holding her hand and evie will pull her close with an arm around her waist as carlos squeezes her middle and jay leans behind her with an arm on her shoulder and his hair on the back of her neck and mal will think to herself that she will never let them go again and they will all think the same. ","Summary":" he meets her when they're nothing more than children, two street-waifs trying to survive without an"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Harry Hooks Way To Manipulate","Author":"CutzieFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12856020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry Hook's Way To Manipulate A Descendants 2 Story By CutzieFan Chapter 1 Harry Hook stared out at the wide ocean surrounding the aisle on which he stood. An evil smile was on his face. He climbed the net of Uma's ship, Never missing a gap, But still risking everything to do stunts on his way up. He spoke to himself, Calmly, But in a way that would make you stop and stare, as chills went down your spine. \" My dear Mal, You may have left me, But that doesn't mean you had the last say… It's as plain as the hook that I own, That I have already won…\" Uma stared up at him, Anger in her eyes. He was always talking about he is winning the war with Mal, to her, Mal is the only girl he cares for… \" Harry! Get down here this instant or I'll feed you to the fishes!\" Her screech echoed across the aisle, It may have even been heard at Auradon prep... But Harry just rolled his eyes, and jumped down off the net he had recently climbed… \" Ey, What bothers you?\" He stroked her cheek with his hook, But she was not weakened. She stood still, upright, a hand on the handle of her sword. \" Stop speaking of that lowlife dragon. She betrayed us all, Remember?!\" She angrily stabbed the sword into the deck of the ship, right next to Harry's foot. But he did not flinch. He simply laughed in delight. Uma rolled his eyes at him, and pulled the sword out of the wooden deck, as easily as it had gone in. She stormed up to the steering wheel. And whistled. \" Alright, Men! You remember?! That purple wrench who left us for dead?! You remember how she left this island in a limo and all?! You remember how she ditched us all for those rugrats?! Well, I say it's time that we showed her who's boss…\" Uma was handed a small box, with stains and scratches, and she forced it open. Inside was a book, covered with cloth… She took it in her hands and yanked the cloth off and threw it into the sea. It was Mal's spellbook.. \" I say, It's time that Purple Twit, learned that she is nothing\" Uma raised her sword in triumph. \" I say, It's time that she learned that she is NOTHING without these spells!\" A cheer went up from the crew, And Uma was lifted down carefully. She stroked Harry's cheek with the back of her hand, before angrily whacking him with the book. \" Ey, You are a clever one,\" Harry whispered darkly to himself, And smirked, before trailing after Uma. He put his arm around her, and she finally gave in, She held his arm in place as they crossed the plank, and went to see Ursula... Chapter 2 A few months later, Mal was hiding her spell book, Lying to those around her about how it would soon be in the museum. \" Mal, You need to let this go. We don't know how it got here… What if it's a trick? This belongs in the museum. When are you going to let it go?\" Evie sat on the edge of Mal's bed, holding the book in her hands, Out of Mal's reach. \" No, It is not a trick. I guess Mom just wanted me to find it…\" She snatched the book and quickly sat on it. She looked over at her mom and sighed. \" M, Your mom is just a lizard….\" Evie tried not to chuckle. \" And I am just a girl from the aisle. Trust me, My mom has her ways…\" Evie sighed, knowing she had been defeated. She got up slowly, mumbling to herself, and left the room, a clothes rack in front of her. Mal took the book out, and stared at it, before flicking quickly through the pages. Before she could do anything, Her phone rang… Caller ID ~ Prince Ben 3 Mal jumped up, dropping the book onto the bed. \" The lunch!\" She ran to the kitchen and begun cooking. She had no time… She finished a sandwich, and a tear of frustration ran down her face. She picked up the spell book, found a spell, And read it out loud. The lunch went splendidly. It had beautiful food, Many meals of which Belle had had on her first night with the beast. Ben reached into the basket for napkins, and in horror, he pulled out the spell book. Mal gasped, trying to think of an explanation as he flipped through the pages and read aloud the bookmarked spells… \" Speed reading spell…\" Mal continued to gasp, trying to think of a way to explain… \" Blond hair spell…\" A sad expression fell on Mal's face, as an angry one appeared on Bens… \" Cooking spell…\" Hurt, he stared at Mal… After a few moments, An argument broke out, and a few minutes later, Mal was dressed in her old aisle clothes, with a packed bag, and her mom. Soon, she had left Auradon, And was now on the aisle… Chapter 3 Meanwhile, On the aisle. Harry Hook kissed Uma passionately in the fish and chips store Ursula owned. Uma leaned against the counter. The crew was sat outside, Waiting for it to end. \" Lass, You really wanna do this?\" He pulled back. Uma nodded, and smiled at him the best she could. \" Why wouldn't I?\" A suspicious look quickly came to her face. \" Is there something you're not telling me?!\" She stepped back, furious! But Harry would not back down. He took her by her shoulders and hugged her. \" Uma, Why would I do anythin''' and not tell ya? Hm? I swear on me hook, That I love ya, with all of what there is of my heart.\" As he made the promise, he put one hand behind his back and hugged Uma with the other. The hand that he held tightly behind his back, had two crossed fingers... \" Oh, Harry. You're right. Revenge later, For now, It's our turn for things to get spicy!\" Harry lifted her up, and she put her legs around his waist. He carried her upstairs, To a dusty old room, and locked the door… Uma did not know it yet, But to Harry, She was just a rebound. She did not know it, But to Harry, Mal was the only darkness he loved... What…. You didn't think this was the end of the story, Did you? :) Part two will be out soon, And possible titles include: Expose Of Harry Hook Uma's path to payback And Mal's Path To Dark ","Summary":" Harry Hook's Way To Manipulate A Descendants 2 Story By CutzieFan Chapter 1 Harry Hook stared out a"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"the new boy","Author":"stewzabob2000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12675809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It all started one day when me and my friends were watching the television ( i wasnt really paying much notice to it any way ) i heard this rough but mellow voice, suprisingly it was really pleaseing to the ear, the voice had peeked my intrest and as i looked up i saw the most stunningly beautiful person, his hair looked smooth as black silk and his eye's as blue as the ocean and his skin was a slightly tanned but golden colour. I was in a state of shock i never thought anyone like that ever exsisted. I dont know why but to me it felt like i was in love i had never known what that felt like until now and as i watched the rest of the news report i heard the reporter say that he would be moving to our school i was taken by suprise HIM moving to our school no way that could'nt be possible no one had moved into the school since a good few years ago. that whole night all i thought about was him wondering what he acted like and what his name was and when he would move into the school, my mind was just so full of thoughts i really needed to sleep as i had a majorly important test which would decide if i was eligable for that subject so i decided eventually to go to sleep. as i dreamt the voice from the tv was playing through my mind which had been the only pleasent dream i have had in a while. the morning before the test i had waited outside my school with my friends so we could help each other study when out of the corner of my eye i saw him the person from the tv one of my many questions had been answerd he was moving in today i saw him go toward the hall where we would be sitting the test so i was wondering if he was sitting the test today aswell. we walked into the grand hall decored with the house flags each named after the four basic elements earth, wind, air and fire. me and a few of my friends were part of the fire house and we have a our own group nickname called the elementals ( cheesy i know ), as i sat down in my assigned no. 14 i saw a shadow loom over me as i looked up it was the guy from the tv i started to blush as he introduced himself. he told me his name was harry hook he was a new student but was applying for the same subject as me, he had also asked me my name and with the little courage i had i told him my name was stewart but he didnt hear me at first so i told him again my name was stewart he has left me with this message i still remember he had said to me in his rough, mellow voice \"your cute\", i had almost fainted a person call me cute and mean it i was shocked it was unheard of. i remember for the rest of the test trying so hard to make sure the answerd the questions correctly i was determined to mae sure i was in his class. as the test ended i heard the examiner shout \" the test is over please remain seated till me and my colleuges collect your papers\" i remained seated like everyone else i had a quick look over to harry's test paper and i saw his house i was overjoyed he was part of the fire house which meaned if there where to be any subjects such as cookery or music i would be in his class. the day had ended and i thought of him throught dinner my friends had been calling my name but i had been day dreaming about harry then i came to i asked what the matter was and my friends told me i was spaced out, i asked why they had shouted me because i usually go spaced out at dinner due to being stressed at school but this time something was different this time. they had told me that i looked different when i was spaced out just then, i thought in my head maybe they had figured out that i liked the new boy harry but then again maybe they didnt know. i just laughed and told them maybe you had just forgotten what i looked like spaced out then and left and went to bed. that night i heard him calling my name it was another peacefull night like the last but this time now that i got to see him earlier on my dream showed him asking me on a date and me accepting it maybe i was in love but didnt belive at first. the morning after i left early to get my favourite spot under the tree somehow memeories from my dream came to mind and i ponderd why but just ignored it. i was so invested into the book that i didnt notice someone had sat down next to me until i asked aloud to my self what the word sable had meant and the voice beside me had said it meant a part of a building that stuck out coverd by a pitched roof and that it was used most commonly with gothic styled buildings, i thanked the voice and continued to read my book then i suddenly relised i had heard that voice before but from where then i turend around and saw it was harry i started to blush and quickly said i was sorry that i didnt notice him, he had just laughed and smiled. i asked him why he sat down beside me and quickly stated that there is nothing wrong with that or that i wasnt being rude he replied with that because he was new and didnt know his was around the school he would ask me as i was the only person he somewhat knew. so diceded that it would be the nicest thing to do and that i no classes so a was bored. so the first place i took him was the dinning hall as he had never been and took him to the classes he needed to go to tomorrow. i paused walking and harry asked why i had stopped and i had asked him why he moved to this school his voice still music to my ears replied with that this school had the subjects he needed and that more people passed here than in his last school and then his voice got quieter a bit and he said well theres one other reason, i was just about to ask what when he quickly said that he wasnt really accepted in his old school i asked what he meant why wasnt he accepted, his reply was slow and quiet but i could make it out he told me that he was gay. i told him that he isnt in that school anymore that he would be accepted in this school he thanked me and hugged me it was weird i didnt know if i where to hug him would he get emotional again after i had finished wiping his tears away. i hugged him back and i could feel him getting warmer as though he had needed that hug we parted ways and went back to our own dorms and by that time i was really tired so i went to bed. that night i was suddenly woken up to a clicking sound coming from the room window i got up to check who its was i opend it and felt the midnight breeze go right through me, i was freezing so i ran back to get a house coat i had peered out the window to see no one other than harry down at the bottom, i aksed him what he had wanted he told me to get dressed and meet him under the tree that i was at that morning. so i got changed out of my nightwear and went outside to see harry sitting under the tree. stewart he called out i walked over to he and sat down and asked why he wanted me to be out here at this time, he told me that he had never been in a relationship, as soon as he said that i thought where is this going to go from here, he carried on saying that he had liked me from the second he saw me and i told him that it was the same for me, a pause of silence happend for at least a few seconds then harry had said stewart i think i really like you and i told him that i liked him too then silence again, and harry had said stewart would you be my boyfriend i was shocked i knew he liked me but i didnt think he would ask me but i felt the same way towards him so i said yes to his question and gave him a great big hug and lay there for the rest of the night holding each others hands and looking at the stary sky above us ","Summary":" It all started one day when me and my friends were watching the television ( i wasnt really paying "},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"A moment of publicity","Author":"Annabethsgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12658810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Isle kids were in Mal's and Evie's dorm room in Aradon Prep, completely unaware that the cameras were on, and every word they said, and move they made, were being watched and listened to by the entirety of the students and staff. Mal was pacing around like a mad woman, and frankly, Evie was getting tired of it. \"Mal Bertha Fae Moors\", she snapped impatiently, and the purple haired girl froze, her eyes snapping to lock with the older girls in a display of confusion. The blue haired girl crooked a finger to her with a soft nod, and Mal followed the signal, still not quite curtain what was going on. The Aradon people had never heard Mal's full name before, and were a bit surprised by it, until they thought about it. Mal was short for maleficent, fae because she was 1/2 fairy, and Moors because that was what her mothers land was called, though they had no idea where the Bertha came from. Mal reached the older girl, and tipped her head up, so that she could look into the taller girls eyes, bright green meeting reddish brown in an unspoken question. Evie lowered her head to speak directly into Mal's ear. 'Down', she said softly, pushing lightly on her shoulders. Mal's eyes sweeped the room, touching on each inhabitant, before locking with soft eyes again, nervousness dancing in her own at the thought of revealing such a secret in public, even if it was just to their Isle friends. Evie quirked an eyebrow, her eyes turning steely and falling into a darker shade of brown. 'Don't make me say it again, or force you', her voice held the steel of command that she hardly ever used. 'I said down', this time her voice echoed through the small room, stopping all other conversation, the order clear as a bell in the now quiet room, and so, without a clue what she'd done wrong, Mal went, sliding to her knees in between the older girls legs, and resting her forehead on her tummy, her body shaking. Sensing that she'd been a bit harsher then she intended, Evie soothed Mal's upset by running her fingers and palms soothing over her back, fully aware of just how tense her sub was at being exposed publicly, but also proud of the fact that Mal did so. She was enjoying the looks of stunned astonishment on their friends faces, as well as the knowing smirk that Uma was throwing her. The girls locked eyes, Uma's eyes dancing with something akin to mischief, and Evie gave her a gentle smile, receiving a genuine one in return. The daughter of the sea witch's eyes fell to the sub kneeling on the floor, a proud, stunned expression softening her eyes. Her subs would never be brave enough to do what Mal was doing for her Domme right now, and it caused a slightly disappointed ache to flair briefly before she shook her head to clear the unfair thought from her minds eye. The look marred her face for a brief moment in time, hers lips set into a frown, as she scolded herself, she loved her boys and would never make them do anything that they didn't want to do. Her eyes focused back onto the couple at the back of the room, tracing both's movements, or in Mal's case, lack there of. The girl was completely still, with the exception of the rise and fall of the breathe from her lungs, and the slight way that she leaned into the hands stroking up and down her back. She heard rather than saw the others unfreeze from their surprised stupors. 'Um, what's happening?', asked CJ, the confusion that she was feeling marked clearly in her voice. The younger girl had long since settled into her girlfriend Freddie's embrace, whom was looking at the two with a look of intrigue, her dark arms wrapped around Hook's daughter, CJ's head leaning on her shoulder. Uma spared a glacé over to the two 13 year olds, and the 10 year old that were staring at the two older girls in confusion. Uma and Evie met eyes again, having a silent conversation. 'You guys are way to young for this conversation', Evie finally stated, and Mal huffed a soft laugh, that vibrated in Evie tummy, and made the blue haired princess close her eyes. 'Quiet you', she murmured, and though there was no bite to it, Mal fell quiet again, leaning into Evie's hands as she stroked her hair and back softly. 'Most intimidating villain kid on the Isle', she scoffed amusedly, a sarcastic edge to her voice, as she rolled her eyes, 'right'. Mal huffed another laugh, unable to stop herself, and Evie smiled, her eyes becoming impossibly soft, as she pulled Mal to her feet, leaning their foreheads together before she pulled her in for a gentle kiss, then tucking her head into her shoulder as she wrapped her arms around the younger girl. Mal let out a soft sigh, no longer caring where she was, or who they were with. Her only thought as she nuzzled her head deeper into the warmth of Evie's shoulder, leaning closer into the older girls embrace, was that she could happily stay here in her arms and scent forever. Evie leaned her head on top of her subs, running her fingers through her hair, and letting out a contented sigh, both completely happy in a way that they never could have been on the Isle. Both completely lost in each other, and their happily ever after. The end. ","Summary":" The Isle kids were in Mal's and Evie's dorm room in Aradon Prep, completely unaware that the camera"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendants: the path of Haydn","Author":"ignatiusultimus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12643417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, i'm gonna start a Descendants fanfic. But before i start, i decided i should introduce my characters. As tacky as i know these sort of things are, i figured it would make more sense to do this so that you can understand my characters and know more about them. The main character is Haydn, daughter of Hades, one of the four VKs in the story. The other three won't show up too much often, but they will. She's 16, born in auradon actually. See, when Hades brought Megara's boyfriend back from the dead, the deal was more than just Megara's soul. Hades knew he might not be able to hold her all the time, so he made one more deal: her first child. Not just to have the first born, but to be the father. Megara didn't let Hercules know, giving birth without him there. The moment Haydn was born, Pain and Panic showed up. A deal with a god is still a deal, regardless of any current situation. Before the child was even named, Pain and Panic took her, returning with her to the Isle. it wasn't until she was was 12 that she figured what the truth was. Ever since then, she had been determined to find her mother, to leave the island for good. Next up is Tammy, daughter of Tarzan. Since the DVD sequels aren't canon, she is an only child. 15, born in Auradon and raised there all her life. originally born in the Jungle, she decided to go to Auradon Prep, to both of her parent's acceptance. Much like her parents, she's always up for adventure, wanting to see new things and meet new people. She is one of three AKs in the story, and the leader of her group Next is Elis, Son of Elsa. though he inherited the same magical powers his mother had, he's had a lot better time controlling them due to accepted practice and help from other magically inclined persons. While it is impossible to shut them off completely, he is widely discouraged from using them in order to stay with the magicless society, especially in school. However, he often sneaks a use of them if he feels the situation warrants it. Amelia is the cousin of Elis, daughter of Anna and Kristoff. Shay is the son of Shan Yu, Haydn's best friend on the Isle. Quinn is the daughter of the Queen of Hearts, the only other girl in their group. Wallace is the son of William Clayton and the older brother of Clay. - Haydn sighed as she stood at the register of her father's shop.It was almost three and there had been no business whatsoever. She stood behind the counter, playing with a bottle as the doors opened. \"Welcome to Tartarus Bar and Grill, what can I-\" Stopping, she frowned as she glanced at who walked in, a tall, thin, and pale blue man. His black business suit seemed to contrast with his bright blue hair. His face was long and thin, very similar to his hooked nose. This was Hades, previous Lord of the Underworld and God of the Dead. Haydn frowned. \"oh...hey dad.\" Hades grinned, his fang like teeth shining in the light. \"Haydn, my little nutmeg, how has business been?\" His footsteps were silent; if Haydn didn't see his legs moving, she would have sworn he was floating. The world seemed to darken as he passed, as if he was sucking the light and joy from the world around him. Haydn shrugged. \"not many customers today. Apparently, they're all gathered Dragon Square for some big announcement.\" She glanced at him, squinting a bit. \"I didn't want to go without you.\" Hades chuckled, rubbing her blue hair. \"Good girl. Come on, let's go see what this is about.\" Haydn nodded, following her father out of the building. They navigated the thin alleys and back roads, taking the long way. Any way to avoid the main streets of light. Her father prefered to remain in the shadows, where a little light they gave off was as clear as possible. Though his flaming hair had long since been removed, eh still gave off his godly light, though only barely. Eventually, they got to the center of town, standing in the shadow of an awning as a very fancy dressed man stood on the fountain ledge. \"Attention, people of...the Isle of the Lost.\" He voice was shaky. He was obviously from Auradon. He looked at a scroll, his hands shaking as much as his words. \"With the coronation of Prince Ben in one week' time, the prince has declared his first official order.\" Haydn rolled her eyes as the currier went on about the history of Auradon. Every time a message came from there, this happened. Her eyes drifted down the alley next to her. A couple streets over, she saw a figure pass, dancing. Looking she frowned. Mal, the daughter of Maleficent and unofficial leader of the Villain Kids, was there, along with the rest of her gang. Haydn growled, clenching a fist as Jay passed. He was the one who had pushed her out. He was the reason she wasn't in the group. He was- She jumped a bit as he father nudged her. \"You're smoking.\" it was true, smoke had started drifting off of her. Though magic didn't work, including her and her father's fire abilities, with enough emotion, smoke would still coil off of them. Haydn sighed, trying to calm herself. She looked back at the messenger, listening. \"...as his first act as King, Ben will invite four children to attend Auradon and be accepted by the population.\" chatter started amongst the crowd. The man rose his voice. \"The Prince has chosen as his first guests: Carlos, Son of Cruella, Evie, Daughter of the Evil Queen, Mal, Daughter of Maleficent, and Jay, Son of Jafar.\" Haydn's growled, smoke thickening around her when Jay's name was called. Her father placed his hand on her back, pushing her away. Back at the restaurant, Haydn screamed an ear piercing shriek, grabbing a table. She flipped, it, causing it to fly across the room. A black handprint was burned into the wood on the bottom. \"IT'S NOT FAIR!\" Her father watched as she paced around, smoke filling the room. \"That cocky, rude, upstart thief gets to go and i have to stay! This is...it's...\" Her father raised an eyebrow. \"Not fair?\" She glared at him, red eyes meeting his own. \"It's an outrage! Why does he get to go and i have to stay!\" Hades rolled his eyes, reaching into his jacket pocket. He pulled a cigar out, pushing it against the burnst table mark. Still hot, the mark lit the cigar quickly and Hades put it in his mouth. \"Calm down Haydn, this is-\" She turned to face him. \"Shut up! Just shut up! Just because you're fine being stuck in this disgusting bar with these freaks as customers doesn't mean i want to fail like you did!\" His eyes flashed, going from their usual yellow to red for a split second. Haydn gasped, realizing that she had yelled at her father. She bowed her head in fear, the smoke ending. \"I-i'm sorry father. That was rude of me.\" Hades nodded. \"Go find Pestilence and Phobia. Come back to me when you've cooled off.\" she nodded, turning and quickly walking off. Pestilence and Phobia were her aids, the children of her father's own aids, Pain and Panic. They were about as useless and stupid as their fathers, but made excellent targets when her or her younger brother were upset. She grabbed her sword on the way, shouting. \"Phobia! Pestilence! Last one of you to get on the grounds gets to be my first victim!\" she heard scrambling above her as she walked outside to a large dirt rectangle. Turning, she crossed her arms, waiting. Two figures came running out of the house, tripping over each other and themselves. Phobia, Son of Pain, and Pestilence, Daughter of Panic. Like their fathers, they were fairly small, full grown yet barely taller than Haydn. Phobia was dressed in his usual, a light purple pair of sweatpants and a matching shirt. A small pink heart lay on the left shoulder-area. Pestilence, on the other hand, wore a light blue dress that stretched down to her knees. It was sleeveless, the straps fairly thin. Like their fathers before them, they were rarely apart, with Phobia often taking control and Pestilence being the counterargument to his ideas. They got in front of her at the same time, dropping to their knees and bowing, both speaking. \"Mighty Haydn, we are here to serve.\" Haydn frowned, a bit disappointed. \"You both got here at the same time.\" They glanced at each other, hoping to get off, when she shrugged. \"I guess i'll have to fight you both at once.\" Haydn sat down at the dinner table. her hair was wet from her shower after training. She pushed her food around, glancing at her little brother as he ate. Her father glanced between them, taking a bite. \"So, Haydn. You missed the send off of our newest exchange students.\" Haydn slumped lower. \"I was training with Phobia and Pestilence.\" Hadie giggled. \"It was amazing! They had this cool limo and the driver pressed a button that opened the barrier and created a magic bridge and-\" \"Hadie, enough.\" the boy jumped a bit as his father spoke, nodding towards Haydn. Smoke had started curling off of her. Hades sighed, looking at his daughter. \"Haydn, Maleficent called some of us leaders of the Island after the children left. The Fates have chosen those four for a reason.\" he folded his hands, leaning forward. \"Maleficent has a plan, and she has assured us that at the end, we will be in charge.\" Haydn looked at him in shock. \"Wh...how?\" Hades grinned. \"Fairy Godmother's magic wand. Maleficent's daughter and her friends are going to take it and bring it back. 'Til then, we simply have to wait.\" he leaned back. \"Soon...we will be free.\" Haydn leaned back, her mind trying to process the news. The idea of getting off the island was incredible, everything she had ever dreamed of. \"M-may i be excused?\" Hades grinned, nodding as his daughter stood up, shuffling off to her room. Haydn went up to her room, sighing and collapsing onto her bed, closing her eyes her head was pounding, a thunking noise that rung in her ear like a beak on a windo- She sat up quickly, looking at the window. A falcon sat there, pecking the glass, a note tied to it's leg. \"Hurricane!\" she got up, running over and opening the window. The bird hopped in, cawing. Hurricane belonged to her friend, Shay, son of Shan yu. It tapped it's foot to emphasise the note tied to it. Haydn untied it, petting the bird. She unfolded it, reading: THE USUAL SPOT, TEN O'CLOCK. Glancing at the clock, she smirked, looking at the bird. \"Tell Shay i'll be there.\" the bird nodded, flying around the room and out the window. Haydn climbed out her window quickly, making sure all the lights in house were out. She grinned, running across her lawn. She sprinted to the town, stopping as she got to the alleyway. She walked onto the main street, trying to blend in with the people walking. There were always people up, walking around and going through stores at all times. Most places were either open at all times or had a partner they would switch shifts with. Her father's bar switched with Ursula's restaurant. When the Tartarus bar and grill was closed, Ursula's Fish and Chips was open, and vice versa. Haydn had never really gotten along with Uma, Ursula's daughter, but was on better terms with her than she was with Mal and her gang. Haydn ducked into another alley, checking to make sure she wasn't followed. She went to a rusty metal door, knocking on it. It creaked open, a pale-skinned boy's head poking out. \"How fast can a raven fly?\" Haydn grinned,crossing her arms. \"Not faster than a bullet.\" The boy chuckled, pushing the door open. \"You're late. Hurricane said you'd be here at ten.\" Haydn chuckled. \"Sorry Shay, my dad went to bed later than usual.\" Shay chuckled. \"Whatever. Come on, the others are waiting.\" She followed him down the hallway. Shay, son of Shan Yu, had been Haydn's best friend ever since they were kids. Though rarely leaving each others side and never trying to make friends with anyone else, they had somehow picked up Quinn, daughter of the queen of Hearts, and Wallace, son of Clayton and older brother to Clay. it was actually Wallace who suggested using the abandoned basement of Shan Yu's restaurant as a hangout space. Though originally made as a storage space, Haydn and her friends altered it to fit their own needs. It held four beanbags, a mini fridge stocked with snacks and drinks, and various other decorations and activities brought by the kids. Haydn chuckled, crossing her arms. \"Place still stinks Shay.\" Shay rolled his eyes. \"You're one to talk. You're place smells like hell itself keeled over and died.\" Haydn chuckled, sitting down. \"I wish he would sometimes.\" she snapped. Wallace opened the fridge, tossing her a bottle of water as Quinn chuckled. \"Oh you don't mean that Haydn. Hades has his...problems...but he's a good guy. I mean...\" she frowned as Haydn's glare. \"He's better than most people. You could have been saddled with anyone as a parent. Ursula. Facilier.\" she frowned, her voice barely above a whisper for the last one. \"Maleficent.\" All four kids shivered. Quinn looked around, as if the mere mention of her name will bring her flying to them. But nothing arrived, of course. Haydn looked at the clock; half past eight in the night. She nodded. Maleficent was most likely in her castle, sleeping. Haydn opened her bottle of water, taking a drink. \"You have a point there Quinn. Hell, i could've ended up with your mom!\" the others laughed as Haydn stood up, puffing out her cheek. \"Quinn, who was that witch who insulted my dress!\" her voice was higher pitched as she tried to mimic the Queen of Hearts voice. Her friends laughed as Quinn stood up, curtsying. \"I'm sorry mother. She just said that it wasn't her style.\" Haydn frowned. \"How dare she! Off with her head!\" she broke down laughing, collapsing back into her chair as quinn giggled, sitting. Shay crossed his arms. \"God Quinn, you're mom is so annoying.\" Quinn giggled. \"Yeah, like your father is any better? 'Shay, why are the shrimp so small? Our customers need larger shrimp!\" Wallace frowned. \"Hey, we all have bad parents.\" he waved his arm. \"That's why we're here.\" The laughter died as they all thought, remembering the history of the isle. Quinn, being the optimist of the group, tried to fake a smile. \"Well, yeah, it's bad here. But we're not stuck here, not anymore.\" the others looked at her as she grinned, standing. \"Auradon. Prince Ben is bringing kids over! He might pick us! He already picked Mal's group!\" Haydn mimicked her cheery voice and smile, mocking it. \"Yeah, and we can go hang out with princesses and i can date Jay again!\" she frowned. \"Grow up Quinn. No one is coming for us. Mal and her crew will be back within the week.\" Quinn sat down as Haydn crossed her arms. \"There's only one way we're getting off this island...we find a way off ourselves.\" The others looked at her, in shock. Quinn was the first to speak. \"But...the barrier.\" Haydn nodded, explaining what her father had told her about Maleficent's plan. They stared as she grinned. \"If Mal is able to get the wand back here, we can take down the barrier from the inside out. And once we do that, we'll be free.\" They looked at each other before Wallace chuckled. \"We better find out the exact date then.\" they looked at him as he stood up. \"Even if Mal does get the barrier down, Auradon probably has some contingency plan in order to get it back up. We'll need to move as quickly as we can in order to escape.\" Shay stood up too, staring at him. \"So what do we do?\" Wallace crossed his arms. \"We wait, we listen, and we learn. Maleficent is most likely going to keep the town council updated, which means at the very least, Haydn will have access to the information directly as it happens.\" Haydn nodded, standing. \"The rest of you can start packing. Everything we may need, food, clothes, anything. Wallace, grab some weapons from your father, make sure he doesn't know you've got them. Quinn, you're in charge of packing my bag. If i'm gonna be learning as much as i can, i won't have a lot of time to do it myself.\" Quinn giggled, standing. \"Oh don't worry Haydn. I'll make sure we got you plenty of cute clothes.\" Haydn smiled, turning to Shay. \"shay, you're in charge of the food. We don't need anything fancy, just simple. Fruits, vegetables, the basics..\" Shay nodded. \"Right.\" Haydn nodded, eyes scanning her three friends. \"When the day comes, we'll meet here first. We'll keep our supplies here. I know where there's a ship we can get in order to get off. I've practiced on it, so i know how to run it.\" The room filled with silence, interrupted by only Hurricane making the occasional sound. Haydn sighed. \"This may be our last chance guys. If we don't get off the island now...\" her voice drifted off, and they knew what she meant. If they couldn't get off, then there was no where else. If they couldn't get off the island, they were doomed. Wallace held out his hand, forming it into a fist. \"We'll get off. Together.\" Shay nodded, placing his fist next to Wallace's. \"And we'll do it together.\" Quinn smirked, joining them. \"Because we're rotten.\" They all looked at the last member of the group. Haydn smiled, joining them, her eyes scanning her friends' faces: Quinn's, a look of giddy joy, Shay's, of eager excitement, and Wallace's, without a smile, a look of determined resolution. Haydn nodded. \"To the core.\" The next few days were a bit off. Haydn spent more time in the hangout then she did at work or home. Four bags were packed, full of food, clothes, and various other supplies. Haydn constantly watched the television, spoke with her father. A lot had happened in Auradon. It was surprising that the other kids weren't back already, and Jay and Carlos had somehow joined some sort of sports team in the kingdom. Haydn sat in the bar, watching the screen. The coronation was a fancy affair, played everywhere, even on the isle. All the biggest events in Auradon were used as a way to show off, and this was no exception. She was severely bored, watching as Mal and Ben rode up to the stand. She had somehow convinced the prince to start dating her, probably using some spell. Many people saw it as a trick, a way to gain power quickly in order to win for the isle. Haydn saw otherwise. She saw this simply as Mal doing what she did best: ruining lives. Both the lives of those on the island and of those in Auradon. She stared at the screen, half excited, half bored. The room was filled with other people, all waiting for something to happen, waiting for Mal to make any sort of move. She knew that it was unlikely that anything would happen, especially since- There! Haydn perked up, staring intently, a flash of movement had appeared on the screen and...the wand was gone! People started whispering as Haydn felt herself heating up. The camera panned to a hand, holding the wand, a blast of energy shooting out and- The ground started to shake. People screamed and shouted, but Haydn didn't notice them. She ran out of the room, staring at the sky. the energy blast had traveled all the way from Auradon, hitting the barrier around the island, which slowly sunk. Hadyn stared in amazement. \"My gods...she actually did it...\" the barrier was a beautiful gold, slowly sinking down towards the horizon, like an animal that had been forced to open its mouth. A laugh snapped her out of trance. She looked up, seeing a cloud of Black smoke flying through the air. Maleficent. She frowned, racing through the streets. She ducked through everyone outside, ducking down the alley and pounding on the door to the hangout. When there was no answer she growled, yanking it open. \"Shay! Quinn! Wallace! Hurry!\" No response. She ran down the stairs, looking around. Four bag laid on the floor, none of them touched. She grabbed hers, running out of the hangout. She had to act fast. Who knew how long it would take for the barrier to rise again. She would not miss her chance. She ran out of the building, running towards the docks. \"Hadyn!\" she froze, turning to face the shouter. Her father. He stared at her, anger on his face, disappointment in his eyes. She frowned, facing him completely. \"I can't stay here father. I have to go. I have to find ier. And you can't stop me.\" she held out her hand, a ball of fire forming in it. Hades stared at her before turning. \"Don't call me father. I have no daughter anymore.\" He walked off as her eyes teared up. She wiped them, frowning and turning, continuing her trip. She looked around the docks, running to her boat. The earth shook again. Looking, her eyes grew wide. The barrier had started rising like a dome, slowly overtaking the island. She pushed the boat off, getting in and rowing quickly. Looking up, she frowned, seeing the barrier closing in. a voice called to her and she looked, frowning. Quinn and the others stood on the beach, bags in hand. Haydn teared up again, rowing quickly and looking away. She barely made it outside the barrier before it closed, sealing the island in again. The glowing dome faded, disappearing as if it wasn't there. Haydn looked at the island of Auradon. Her new home. She didn't know what was going to happen, but she hoped she was ready for it.[Chapter 2] Hey, sorry about being gone so long, even though only like, one person probably cares. I've had a lot on my plate. i'm probably gonna end up deleting this story and redoing it, its not really how i want it to go. thanks for your patience, i'll upload the new one when i get it done. to KLRocks100 , thanks. hope you're not too upset. ","Summary":" So, i'm gonna start a Descendants fanfic. But before i start, i decided i should introduce my chara"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Please Send Me Your Descendants Ocs","Author":"AlphaSilver2144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13066342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Send Descendants Oc For The Open Character Slots The Title Kinda Explains this but i will Put The Open Slots and Which Ocs will Be Taking them. Mal: Evie: PomForever Jay: Carlos: Ben: Audrey: Jane: Lonnie: (This List will Change Later But For Now These are Important)[Chapter 2] Name: Hetty Age: 15 Gender: Female Replacing: Evie Appearance: Hetty is 5' 0\" and weighs 110 lbs. She has black hair in a shoulder length rope braid. She has a 32B bust, compact muscles, and soft curves. Her head is more of a rounded heart shape, she has a small nose and small ears. Her skin tone is a light warm ivory, and she has dark hazel eyes that seem to change colors in different light. Normal Outfit: She wears vintage-chic clothes mostly in the colors red, black, and gold. She always has red high heels on and a black choker with a heart shaped ruby on it. Formal Outfit: A long red and black gothic corset dress, red high heels, and her choker. Gym Outfit: A loose red t-shirt, black leggings, red sneakers, and her choker. Relatives: The Queen of Hearts and The King of Hearts Personality: Once Hetty is friends with you she becomes a very loyal friend; though it is a bit difficult to get her to open up and become friends with her. She will also become fiercely protective of her friends and wont hesitate to stand up for them. At times she may seem cold and a little bit harsh but that's only until you earn her trust. But she does her mother's infamous temper and she'll take it out on almost anyone unfortunate enough to interact with her. She also loves to withhold information until she knows whoever she's talking to will be annoyed. Hetty is a bit of a procrastinator and will wait till the last minute to either start or complete things. Though it sometimes helps her due to her working well under pressure. Hetty is a little sarcastic and has a dry/dark sense of humor. There are also some moments where she'll just goof around with her friends and act super immature. Likes: Eating, music, and fashion. Dislikes: Needles, spiders, and snow. Quotes: -\"Give me what I want and you wont get hurt, for the most part.\" -\"You do realize I want to scream when you do something stupid.\" -\"Wait a minute what are we doing? Cause I sorta wasn't listening, like at all.\" -\"Look I'm running on like no sleep, so if you could just shut your mouth for a sec that'd be amazing!\" Bio: Her parents have always given her whatever she wanted. She actually started off as a very nice girl but as she grew up she was pressured to hide that part of her. Due to a mixture of almost always being right by her mother's side and the fact her parents never told her no Hetty gained her mother's temper. Her mother also taught her how to manipulate others, especially men, to do whatever she wants. ","Summary":" Send Descendants Oc For The Open Character Slots The Title Kinda Explains this but i will Put The O"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendants Couples","Author":"GryffindorCaptain06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13092692","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is similar to my Glee Couples story. Which I may or may not have published before this one. The point is, it will have the Descendants couples that I really like. Mal/Ben. Evie/Doug. Jay/Lonnie. Carlos/Jane. Skylar (daughter of Scar)/Hadie (Son of Hades). And more. I only own Skylar. Hadie was in Return to the Isle of the Lost. If you haven't read it, you should. And now on with the story. --LGR Skylar/Hadie Bare feet padded down the hallway. A figure cloaked in shadows. The figure steps into the doorway of an empty room and turned its head. It reached its hand out across the wall and... turned on the kitchen lights. The light revealed a teenage girl around 5'5\" wearing black shorts and a light yellow tank top. She had tan skin and golden hair. From the half of her face visible with her face turned, you could tell she had amber eyes. But as she turns her head back, you can see something more. There was a long scar across her right eye, from just above her eyebrow to her upper cheekbone. There were also four claw scars on her left shoulder that traveled below the line of her shirt. This was Skylar Pride, the half lion daughter of the villain Scar. Skylar walked over to the cabinet and started getting out bowls and flour, etc. \"What are you doing?\" A male voice said from behind her, and Skylar jumped, spinning around. \"Hadie!\" She looked at the blue haired son of Hades for a moment before adding, \"You're getting good at that.\" Hadie laughed, enjoying the fact that he had been able to sneak up on her for once. Hadie and Skylar had been close since they were kids on the Isle. They knew eachother better than they knew themselves. Sometimes they were scary. \"So, what are you doing?\" He asked again with a smirk on his face. \"I can't sleep, so I'm making cookies.\" Skylar stated matter-of-fact-ly. \"Do you even know how to make cookies?\" \"No. But that's what a recipe is for!\" She shot back, voice loaded with sarcasm. Hadie laughed again. \"Fair enough.\" He looked at her with a strange expression. \"Think you could use a little help?\" \"Oh, Hade, you should know by now. I never need help!\" --time skip-- \"Hadie! You can't eat them straight out of the oven! They'll... burn... you...\" Skylar trailed off. Hadie looked at her for a moment before bursting into laughter. \"Skylar, I'm the son of the god of the underworld. I don't burn.\" \"I realised it as soon as the words were out of my mouth.\" She yawned, her eyelids drooping. \"Come on, Sky. Let's get you to bed.\" Hadie put the cookies into a tin and slipped it into his schoolbag (he had fallen asleep studying in the library), slung his bag over his shoulder, and scooped his half asleep best friend bridal style, clutching her close to his chest. Hadie carried Skylar back to the dorm she shared with Uma, daughter of Ursula. He laid her down on her bed, smoothing her hair back from her face. \"Sweet dreams, Sky.\" He laid her cookies on her desk, and walked out through the doorway. Just before he closed her door, he thought he heard his best friend whisper: \"Sweet dreams, Hade.\" AN This is my OTP, I made Skylar up by accident, and for some reason she ended up with Hadie. I can't bear to see them with anybody else. Reviews are LOVE Lily Giselle Rose[Chapter 2] Please note that I only own the plot. And also let it be known that all these stories take place after Descendants 2. Enjoy. Jane/Carlos Jane, daughter of Fairy Godmother, was sitting on a bench, reading 101 Dalmatians , when her boyfriend, Carlos de Vil, sat down. \"What are you reading now?\" He asked with a smile that slid off his face as he read the cover of the book Jane had snapped closed when he had sat down. \"I... um...\" She took one look at his downcast expression and scrambled to apologise. \"I'm so sorry, Carlos, I've actually never read this story, and I was curious and-\" Carlos cut his girlfriend up with a quick kiss to the lips. \"It's nothing you need to apologise for, Jane. It just caught me off guard.\" Carlos laughed bitterly. \"Kind of pathetic, that I'm still afraid of my mom.\" \"Not at all, Carlos!\" Jane shot back. \"It's natural. I mean, I can't imagine...\" she trailed off.\" \"Can we leave this discussion for another day? I'm tired, and I really don't want to have this conversation now .\" \"Yeah, Carlos. Yeah.\" Jane said, wondering exactly what Cruella de Vil had done to her son. What had her boyfriend been through? AN Sorry this one's kinda short. I have trouble writing a lot of people, especially ones that aren't my OCs. I can do Hadie pretty well, but that's because he never really had an established personality. At least, not a cannon one. Reviews are LOVE Lily Giselle Rose ","Summary":" This is similar to my Glee Couples story. Which I may or may not have published before this one. Th"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"A de vil may cry","Author":"Lunathewolf13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13020513","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dizzy was a jaunty ball of energy sitting up on her knees in wonder of the bright beautiful world around her. \"It's so pretty here I can't wait to see Auradon Prep and see Evie and Mal again,\" she squealed. Carlos felt a twinge of pain in his heart, he remembered it so clearly: rumors had ran around the Isle like wildfire. Mal had ran away from her laid back life in auradon to take back her place on the Isle. Carlos didn't even get to see Mal because he had been busy working one of his jobs and she was gone by the time he was done. When Carlos got to the docks, the only people there were a furious Uma, a soaking wet Harry and the Jolly Roger covered in colourful smoke bomb residue. He wasn't surprised Mal and the others became so close during their time in Auradon. Carlos knew down in his heart he meant nothing in to them. Holding a fool's gold charm in the palm of his hand and smiling at it, a warm feeling entered Carlos' stomach. Suddenly he felt Dizzy's hand clasp his shoulder and he jolted, his lengthy hair bouncing. \"Oooh, what's that? It's pretty,\" Dizzy gasped in awe. \"Dizzy hasn't your mother ever taught you to give others personal space?'' Growled Diego, pushing her away from Carlos so that he could get in between her and his cousin. Dizzy stuck her tongue out. \"I just wanted to see.'' \"Yeah, well next time ask before stick your nose into shit, will ya?\" He snapped, causing the little girl to recoil. \"Leave her alone, Diego. She's just a kid.\" Carlos warned and pulled his cousin to face him. \"He's right, ya know, let her be a kid,\" added Harley. \"She's gonna get hurt one day,\" Diego mumbled, folding his arms. Their limousine pulled up on a fairytale looking school. Everything was set up all extravagant and fancy, banners and streamers everywhere, even a band playing in the yard. \"Well don't I feel special, they went all out for us,\" Harley gasped dramatically, falling over on Freddie, who laughed and pushed her to the floor. \"Ouch watch it, Fred,\" Harley snapped. Carlos saw from his window one of his former friends as well as a young man standing in front with a bright blue suit. Carlos remembered the vandalized posters around the Isle: this young man was King Ben. He didn't look like a king, he looked more like a teenager who was running a whole country. It was so laughable. Carlos's face twisted into a look of hatred and sadness. It was because of Ben's parents that Carlos and the other villain kids had to endure what they did on the Isle. But what hurt most was that his friends forgot about him, as if Carlos or anybody else on the Isle didn't matter to them once they struck freedom. \"I see Evie's doing well,\" mumbled Harley, \"she sure is all dolled up like the princess she thought herself to be.\" Diego looked over to his cousin with concern. \"You ready, cuz?\" He asked as the limo came to a stop. Carlos nodded but deep down he really didn't know. Whether he was ready or not, he couldn't back away now. The driver opened the door and Harley was the first one to go. She held a very snarky smirk. \"Wow, nice place. A little bright for my tastes, but I guess it's classy,'' she chuckled Diego was right after her, softly holding his girlfriend's hand the moment she was out. It never surprised Carlos those two were always so in love that he treated her like a queen and she gave him more respect she then she ever gave her own father. Carlos allowed Dizzy to leave before he did. Freddie stepped out after him, then Harry and Jace followed closely, holding their belongings behind their backs. Ben smiled happily at them as a greeting. He and the others waved, stepping forward moments later. \"Welcome to Auradon. We are all delighted you are attending our school.\" Carlos stood beside his cousin and looked Ben up and down, carefully studying the king's features, looking for why Mal had even fallen in love with him in the first place, but he couldn't find any reason. Sure, Ben seemed polite and fairly good looking, but all Carlos saw was a boy with the title of king. And doing a fairly poor job at it , he thought. Evie made her way towards him and Diego, she had changed so much. She had a brighter smile and a healthier complexion. For a second, Carlos almost waved, but his fingers recoiled as Evie dove down to scoop up Dizzy, throwing her arms around the younger girl. You'll always be the last thing anyone thinks about, Carlos, never forget it. Evie smothered Dizzy in kisses. \"Oh Dizzy, I'm so glad to see you! There's so much I can't wait to show you.\" She then looked up at both De Vil cousins with a confused smile. \"Uh, sorry it's been so long. You two really look alike now.\" Carlos rolled his eyes. He and Diego had always been compared to one another, both in looks and personality. His mother always said how Deigo was always the better son and best looking child in the family. It was a first for Carlos to hear that he actually looked like his cousin. \"I'll give ya a big hint, Eve: C's the the one with the devil horned skull and Dalmatian spot tats.\" Freddie butted in. Carlos smirked, pulling up his hoodie to show off his scarred and newly tattooed body. Evie, appalled by his sudden act of boldness, flushed. \"Oh. Nice tattoos.\" Everyone else around back gasped Carlos could hear some girls giggling. \"Thanks,\" he answered monotonously, pulling down his hoodie once more and brushing back his long bangs. Ben cleared his throat. \"Uh, I think it be best we get going now.\" He turned to face all of them and smiled brightly. His teeth were whiter than those of any person Carlos had seen back on the Isle. His smile was unnerving too, even creepy, Carlos thought. What did Ben have to smile about? The king politely held the door open until all of them were in the school. Another young man who was sitting down on a nearby sofa stood up and greeted Ben and kissed Evie on her cheek. \"I see she settled,\" whispered Harley, earning a giggle from the others. The new boy ignored it and with a quick smile, he adjusted his horn-rimmed glasses before looking over the group. He looked so goofy and nerdy, it was almost funny instead of sad. \"This is Doug. He has your schedules for all classes you need to attend. He will also show you to your dorms.\" Ben explained. Doug gave an awkward wave. He handed out the schedules one by one and the moment Carlos had the piece of paper in his hand, he stuck it in his hoodie pocket. \"If you want to attend club activities there is a board over there to sign up,\" Evie pointed behind herself, \"with each and every club listed, including the times they start and end. Everybody's schedules are made so they have time for club activities.\" \"Are there any dance classes or science clubs?\" Carlos asked. \"Oh, you're into science? Me too, I'd happy to sign you up!\" Exclaimed Doug . Ben checked his watch. \"Oh I must go. I hope you all have a nice day,\" and waved as he left. The others then turned to Evie. Harley was the first to step forward. \"So you wanna tell us all why in the fucking burning hell it took you so fucking long to bring us here? Especially since it's just few of us, Ms. I'm An Auradon Girl Now .'' Evie paled before she cleared her throat and finally spoke. \"Ok guys, l can understand why you would all be upset now and I want to say sorry. I'm sorry that I forgotten about you all.\" \"Sorry but it's gonna take more the pretty words to make us believe that.'' Freddy sighed coldly picking up her bags. \"C'mon guys let's get settled before we hear another sobb story apology,'' Harley commanded bitterly. She glared down at Evie while the others got their things together and left the common area going off to their assigned dorms. As the others began to leave, Evie reached out to Carlos touching his shoulder. He flinched at the feeling and when Evie sensed his discomfort, she let go . \"Carlos, please tell me you don't feel the same do you?'' Begged Evie with sad eyes. \"I'm sorry, Evie, I'm feeling a lot of things right now and the past six months were not the greatest for me...at all. I'm happy for you that you're happy but I'm… just ...not. I know this may hurt, but for right now, I just don't want to be around you or the others. I need put some things…. together. I'm sorry.\" Carlos knelt down to Dizzy who gave him a sad smile, \"and Dizzy, I really hope you get to make a lot of friends here.'' He said, patting her head before he stood up and walked away leaving his two friends behind.[Chapter 2] Carlos and Diego entered their room, it was so much bigger than both De Vil boys were used to. The floors were clean, the wallpaper wasn't peeling off. Harley following close behind, having left her things at her dorm. \"Ugh\" Harley grimaced the sunshine from the large bedroom windows spilling across her face. \"Bae.\" Diego turned and saw his girlfriend point at one of the two windows. \"Close, please.\" \"Yes my queen,\" answered Diego, closing the curtains. \"Wow. This room's kinda nice could use some better decorations and better colors. But nothing a little De Vil charm can't fix!'' Diego joked, flopping down next to his girlfriend on his new bed draping his arms around her. \"Thank you.\" giggled Harley kissing Diego on the nose. \"I really hope that Mal or Jay don't try to convince us to be friends.\" \" I just want some time to get used to this place though that's gonna be hard.\" Harley groaned. Combing a hand through her natural blue curly locks.\" \"I feel guilty knowing that Claudia's alone with her creepy dad\". Also, the people here are weird. No offense, but these people smile too much.\" I don't sound …. EMO do I ?\" \"Oh heck, no and I know what you're talking about!\", Carlos groaned out loud \"It's so freaking creepy. I felt like Ben was Lokey plotting to do something to me\". \"I know everyone is supposed to be happy here.\" \"Since they have food, WiFi and working toilets but it just feels weird.\" \"you know?\" \"Back on the isle, we faked smiles to seem unfazed by something or to mock someone, or if we were gonna hurt, someone.\"Carlos sighed \"Am I over thinking?\" \"A little..\"Harley and Diego answered in unison as they cuddled. \"This feels all wrong, I don't even think I want to be here.\" Carlos started as he began pacing the room. \"Gil's alone with his dad and brothers, and they pick on him all the time. Not to mention Harry who basically in charge now when Uma took the dive. Gil... I….I never even got to say goodbye...\" Carlos trailed off sadly, holding himself as he lent against a wall, tears threatening to leave his eyes. \"Well... If you knew you'd miss him so much, why'd you leave anyway?\" Inquired his cousin, his eyebrow raised. \"Because.\" Carlos started straightening himself. \"He made me promise him that if I had the chance to leave I'd take it\". \"No matter if I get to see him again or not.\" \"God, why is he so freaking nice all the time!\" \" He's like too nice! freaking always cared more about me rather himself.\" \" I don't even get why this isn't freaking fair,\" he stated. \"Oh yeah.\" Diego chuckled darkly. \"What I think is unfair is why the hell it took them so long to bring us here.\" \" Mal, Evie, and Jay are supposed to be the children of the worst villains ever.\" \"It shouldn't have been that hard for them to get used to us . We've all seen Mal on the TV every day they love her fake ass\". \" There was never a reason for us to have not come sooner!\" Diego growled. \"It wasn't fair how they treated us Mal was a spoiled ass bitch .\" \"Who'd cry to her fire-breathing bitch of a mom if you didn't invite her to a party.\" \"She'd throw you away if you weren't good enough.\" \"Ha ha ha!\" Harley giggled hysterically as she got up from the bed. \"I don't think that's funny Babe.\" her boyfriend sneered at her response. \"No it's not that it's them…..! \" Mal don't you get!?\" \"That little Prince's cock whore thinks she's better than everyone else. Thinking she can come back rule the isle, and we all go back to following the leader!\" growled Harley, cracking her knuckles. Carlos knew this was her way of trying to keep herself together, but he could see it was failing her. He frowned, he could tell underneath her rage was sadness. \" Does she not know what we all have been through!?\" How much shit those connected to her and her friends went through.\" \"How much shit our parents put us through!\" I HATE THAT BITCH! \"She screeched grabbing her head pulling at her hair. She clawed at her face while her hair began to crackle and turn into flames. Diego's mouth gaped, horrified at his girlfriend's mental and physical state. \"Oh my God bae!\" \"Your hair !\" It's on fire!\" Harley looked up and snarled, \"Well damn! I'm not surprised my hair was all that worthless father of mine gave me. It only makes sense I'd get those GODS FORSAKEN FLAMES TOO!\" Harley screeched, throwing her hands in the air her blue flames growing and turning bright red. \"Oh god.\" Carlos gasped. He rushed to the bathroom and grabbed the nearest container filling it up with water. He ran back throwing on Harley putting out her hair. \"Uh, you feel better?\" Carlos asked. Harley gave a slow nod, not looking up to meet his gaze. \"Uh babe, I think it is best if I took you to your dorm,'' Diego said; walking up her grabbing her by the hands, gently soothingly rubbing them. While looking into her now sadden amber eyes, Harley said nothing as her boyfriend led her out the door. \"See ya later cuz, I'll be back as soon Harl calms down.\" Carlos nodded as he watched his cousin leave with his girlfriend, leaving him in the dimly lit room. On the way out Carlos heard him whisper to her \" it's ok he can't hurt you anymore \" he knew he was talking about her father. He sighed, \"Well damn, isn't this a piece of shit. What're next unwanted visitors?\" Suddenly the door to his and his cousin's room opens. \"Speak of the devil, and he shall appear.\" Carlos sighed. \"What?\" Asked Mal, as she and Jay entered. \"Nothing \" Carlos replied. \"Oh well uh hi Carlos it's Been Awhile,\" said Jay Carlos blushed seeing Jay after so long the time away from the isle did him well. Helping him to build even more muscle mass Carlos honestly wondered if that was possible. But he pushed those feelings away remembering all the times he needed his friends when they were absent. Yet he tried to keep a civil tone \"Oh heck yeah long enough for me to grow my hair out and get some tattoos\" Carlos joked dryly \" I see it looks cool plan on keeping it like that,\" asked Mal Carlos shrugged \" I don't know Maybe in a fit of anxiety and frustration I'll shave it all off or even dye it black or red .\" \"he said giving them a smirk \"you both came in here at the perfect time Harley and Diego just left.\" \"And Harley got powers now, she probably would have killed out both, tho maybe not you Jay.\"... Carlos shrugged, \"either way, I'm not gonna lie I'd most likely wouldn't have stopped her.\" \"O….k? Jay and Mal spoke in unison looking at each other. \"I really hope you don't expect us to become close again because like I said with Evie that is not likely to happen,\" Carlos explained. \"I know Carlos,\" Mal began \"we just came here to apologize well\"... \"I just wanted to apologize for for...for everything.\" Mal began shakily. \"For not coming back for you sooner. For not realizing that you needed us, Evie told us about the new scars she saw on your body\". \" and it reminded us how much our actions affected you.\" C. We thought about you every day\". \"We got Ben working on getting you over from the Isle, but things were so crazy… here.\" \"There was soo many expectations and standards I needed to uphold.\" \"I know you think we had forgotten you on the Isle, but we really we- Mal went forward to reach for Carlos Carlos began to ignore what Mal was saying as he got lost in his own train of thought after hearing the words Mal said. \" needed them\" \"I was doing fine without them.\" \".…I was happy even I had someone who loved me!\" \"I had people around me who really cared !\" Carlos thought angrily then saw that Mal was reaching for him. He didn't want anyone to touch him right now, physical touch was only going to make him feel closed in and Trapped. Like how his mother had made him feel all those years. \"Don't touch me, I never said you could\" he snapped at Mall bearing his teeth that he had purposely sharpened to look scary. As he backed away into a corner Jay then got in the middle of them. \"Woah hey, chill dude no need to get moody we just wanted to make things right with you,\" Jay said with a stern authoritative voice but Carlos pressed on not flinching. Carlos growled his long hair wild almost standing on end a dangerous look in his eye .\"Ah yes, wanting to make things right with me there are many people you two need to make things right with.\" \"And you think that a fancy gets together will fix things you guys didn't even apologize to, my cousin, Harley \". \"But oh at least Mal's stupid boy toy could at least make an appearance.\" \" I'm sorry but I'm sick and tired of stupid ass apologies I just want to live in peace now leave!\" Carlos Demanded to point to the door feeling angry and mentally exhausted. As they left Mal turned back to Carlos with a saddened smile \"we need you to know that you don't have to forgive us, but we'd really like to make things right with you\". \"You're...you're so important to us Carlos, never forget that,\" Mal said as she closed Carlos's room door leaving the boy to deal with his mental state. Carlos then began to let the tears he was holding back fall down his cheeks like a river. As he let out a ragged sob he crumpled to the floor holding himself in a fetal position. As he clutched his charm necklace as he cried himself to sleep on the floor. ~The next morning~ Harley walked into Diego's and Carlos's room, to find him on the floor she knelt down beside him and shook him gently to wake him up. \"Carlos, wake the fuck up\" she demanded trying to be as motherly sounding as possible but failing. Carlos then began to stir disgruntled and confused for a moment about his surroundings. \"Oh god, this isn't just a bad dream\" Carlos groaned \"Nope\" Harley sighed ","Summary":" Dizzy was a jaunty ball of energy sitting up on her knees in wonder of the bright beautiful world a"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"descendants 3","Author":"morrisseyliam30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12941937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] descendants 3[Chapter 2] descendants 3 ","Summary":" descendants 3[Chapter 2] descendants 3"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descending Chaos","Author":"Tribi Ponyfeathers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12663535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Isabel is an idealistic queen to be who uses her power to help four children off the Isle of the Lost. Their names are: Adel, (short for Adelram), the son of Maleficent; Ervyn, the son of the Evil Queen; Claudia, daughter of Cruella De Vil; and Nightingale (more commonly known as Night), daughter of Jafar. Here is their story. Genderbent AU. The car ride was mostly uneventful. Unlike the girls and Ervyn, Adel didn't indulge in the sweet treats of Auradon. He just stared at the island they left, training his eyes on it even after it disappeared over the horizon. \"Hey! Hey, Adel, we're here! C'mon, wake up!\" Ervyn said as he shook Adel's shoulder as hard as he could. Adel barely budged. He did blink, and straightened his purple leather jacket. His green eyes flashed. \"Girls! Clean up, will you?! Do you want our mission to be a failure because you two couldn't eat like human beings? We need to convince the goodies that we're like them. That means no stealing their watches.\" A pointed look at Nightingale. \"No shoving them in the hallways.\" Another sharp look at Ervyn. \"And absolutely no physically hurting others. Got it?\" Three angry grumbles confirmed what Adel wanted to hear. \"Good. Now, let's blend in, at least a bit, okay?\" More grumbles. The girls quickly wiped the chocolate off their faces, then they both cleaned off Ervyn's face as well, since he refused to do it himself. The car stopped, and the doors on Claudia and Ervyn's side opened to reveal a huge castle of a high school/ middle school. (For my purposes, that's what I'm making it) Ervyn stepped out first, his royal blue hair shining in the bright Auradon sunshine. Nightingale followed after, dragging Claudia out with her. Adel came out last, shielding his eyes slightly. The sky was so... blue. Ugh. \"Greetings! I'm so glad you made it okay!\" The extremely high-pitched girly voice came from a woman in a blue suit. The Fairy Godmother. So smiley and sparkly that it almost made Adel want to puke. He kept his composure, however, and kept a neutral face. Ervyn had visible sparkles in his eyes, Adel noted; and the girls were giggling about something or another. \"Oof! Owww...\" A girl sat up from where she had fallen on the cobblestones. Adel helped her up, trying to act like a goodie for the fairy godmother. \"Thanks! And you are?\" \"The name's Adel. It was no problem, though. Are you okay?\" The girl was wearing a white blouse with a gold tie in the collar, and a bright blue pencil skirt. The most likely reason for her fall would probably be her six-inch blue heels. Her brown hair bounced in a high ponytail as she stood up with Adel's help. \"I'm fine. This happens all the time. The name's Isabel, by the way. I'm assuming you four are the Isle kids I am supposed to show around?\" She smiled, still rubbing her forehead. Adel noticed something glittering on her left thumb. \"Is that the royal emblem? Are you Princess Isabel, daughter of the Beast and Bell?\" Adel drew back slightly, not wishing to anger the princess of Auradon. Isabel merely laughed at Adel's reaction. \"Don't worry, I'm not like Chad or Audrey. I prefer if people don't know that I'm a royal. It's easier for me to make friends that way. I'm sorry if that made you uncomfortable. Sorry. Would you just call me Isabel?\" Her hair bounced with her when she gigged. She was trying (unsuccessfully) to stifle her giggles behind a delicate manicured hand. \"OK... Isabel. Can we start the tour? I know for a fact that Ervyn is sleepy.\" Ervyn straightened his glasses and yawned as if on cue. Nightingale shifted uncomfortably, and Claudia nearly fell onto the floor from her position dozing on Nightingale's shoulder. \"Yes, of course! Let's go!\" With that, Isabel turned around and promptly fell flat on her face once more, but got up on her own before Adel could help her up a second time. \"I'm fine! Just turned around too quickly!\" A tiny stream of blood fell from her scalp line on the left side of her face. \"You should probably get to a doctor or nurse or something about the bleeding from your scalp before we continue the tour, don't you think?\" He handed her a handkerchief handed to him by Ervyn. \"That's probably a good idea. I know! I'll have Leila give you the tour instead! LEILAAAAAH !\" Isabel yelled. A girl with dirty-blonde hair turned towards Isabel, and Adel assumed that was Leila. She came running towards them, her long hair fanning out behind her and the two-inch heels to her band uniform clicked on the cobblestones. Adel looked towards Ervyn, who looked like he just got shot in the heart. \"Yes, Isabel? Oh, are these the new students you needed to show around? You want me to take over, huh, Ms. President?\" \"Yes, Ms. Vice-President. Would you be so kind?\" \"Certain-LY!\" Now Leila looked like she got shot in the heart as well. Knowing Ervyn, they would be a couple within the week. \"Well, I'm glad to hear it. Now, I'll be off to the nurse! See you all later!\" Isabel said as she (slowly and carefully) made her way across the plaza. \"If you would all follow me, I'll show you four to the dorms.\" Leila said with a smile. I heard Ervyn mumble something along the lines of 'I'd follow you anywhere', and saw both Nightingale and Claudia roll their eyes. \"Sure! Let's go!\" I said, as chipper as I could. We followed Leila first to the boys dorm (With Ervyn flirting incessantly) where we met the son of the Fairy Godmother, Jacob. He showed us to our room, and the girls went to their dorm with Isabel.[Chapter 2] \"So, Leila,\" Nightingale started, \"Do you have the hots for our boy Ervyn?\" she asked, slinging her arm around Isabel's shoulders. \"N-no! I don't!\" she declared defensively. \"Then why are you blushing like that?\" chimed in Claudia, walking backwards in front of the two other girls. \"I-I'm not blushing!\" responded Leila, flustered. \"I-it's just... Was I really that obvious?\" \"Yes!\" the two other girls chimed in unison. \"If it makes you feel any better,\" Claudia continued, \"He's got the hots for you too...\" \"R-really?!\" she asked, visibly perking up. \"Yup!\" Night confirmed. \"But how can you tell?\" she asked softly. \"What was that?\" Night asked. \"O-oh! Your dorms are right here.\" Leila covered quickly. \"My dorm is right across the hall, so come ask me if you have any questions/ concerns, ok?\" \"Sure.\" stated Night, pushing Claudia into their dorm. \"See ya 'round!\" Boys dorm, Adel's and Ervyn's room. \"We could use that Isabel chic later. Remind me to try and seduce her sometime, yeah?\" Adel said absentmindedly, playing with the ends of his hair. \"I know that look. What are you scheming?\" Ervyn asked, sketching in a notebook. \"World domination.\" stated Adel simply. \"So the usual.\" \"More or less.\" \"Kk.\" Thirty silent seconds later... \"Maybe we should do this with the girls? I saw a good spot outside that we can meet at.\" Ervyn redirected. \"Sure. Gather the girls. I need to check on something.\" Adel said in response. Making his way through the forest, Adel heard someone delicately singing. Curious, he walked silently towards the song. He came across a clearing, and spotted Isabel singing softly to herself. He hid behind a tree, watching her sing and sway to the tune in her head. She was interrupted by an ominous crashing from the bushes to Adel's left. He tensed, suppressed magic flaring to life. A creature burst through the brush, swaying from side to side as it smelled the air. The creature Adel now recognized as a wyvern swayed its head to the side, directly at Isabel's trembling figure. She let out a small squeak, and the wyvern lunged forward towards the sound. Only to be smashed to the ground by something large wreathed in green. The strange green light dissipated, revealing Adel crouched on the wyvern's head, large batlike wings spread out of his back. Those, too, disappeared, and Adel collapsed, exhausted. Isabel let off a signal flare she kept in her purse for emergencies, and an alarm pierced the cool evening air as guards were rallied and organized. Isabel herself eased Adel into a comfortable position, his head on her lap. They stayed like that 'til help arrived. ","Summary":" Isabel is an idealistic queen to be who uses her power to help four children off the Isle of the Lo"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Voices","Author":"Tribi Ponyfeathers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12649606","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hear her voice in my head... CARLOS \"You'll never be good enough!\" Cruella \"Why won't you just die already?!\" Cruella \"Where did you get that scar, boy?! Answer me!\" Cruella \"Who gives you shelter?! A roof over your head?! You damn ingrate! Get me my furs!\" Cruella \"You're going to stay in here until you learn not to cross Cruella De Vil!\" Cruella CLANG. A torn leg. Cover it up with long pants. CRASH. A bleeding head. Dizzy doesn't ask questions. FWOOSH. A burned arm. Mother threw out a leather coat. Evie will make it look entirely different. SHINK. Make the pain go away, sweet steel. Carlos won't move. Can't. He's nearly dead, so moving wouldn't help. Swirling masses of colors surround him. Is this what it feels to die? Brownish-blue is the last color he sees. \"He's losing vitals!\" \"His heart is failing!\" \"We need a transfusion!\" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \"Carlos, stay with me. Please.\"[Chapter 2] \"Carlos, stay with me. Please.\" Those were the last words he heard from me. My last words to him before he forgot. The hit to the head he took when he fell off the railing into the bushes, and then on the sidewalk messed up something in his brain. So he forgot. \"Oh, Carlos! You're okay!\" A brunette runs into my room. I don't know her. \"Who are you?\" She pauses. Did I say the wrong thing? She looks sad. \"What? Do you not remember?\" I shake my head no, then remember that it hurts to move. \"Oh.\" The way she says it makes her seem small. She claps her hands. \"Well, I knew you back then, so that's all that matters!\" \"But who are you? What's your name?\" I furrow my eyebrows, then remember it hurts to do that too. \"Um...\" She taps her chin. \"Oh, I know! You can call me Kate!\" She smiles. \"'call me'; then, you're name isn't actually Kate? Why won't you tell me your real name?\" Grr. Everything hurts. \"Because you have to remember it yourself!\" I closed the door behind me, remembering that he and I will be playing a game of chess, now. Around him, I need to be Kate, a self assured girl who knows a lot about Carlos de Vil. But I don't know much about this new Carlos... But I will soon! She is a puzzle to me... She said as she left, 'Let the game begin', so are we playing a game against one another? The nurse came in after she left. I asked her 'What's the name of that girl who was with me? The brunette?'; and all she replied with was 'She said for me to call her \"Kate\" when you asked about her or talked about her. She also told me to tell you, \"I knew you'd ask about me! You always were so curious about everything!\" if you asked for her name. I think she has you figured out, honey!' The doctor told me to try to think about Kate, and any other visitors I got, as much as possible because maybe they'd trigger a memory from Before. I'm referencing time as Before and After, so my memories don't get confused. I hope I get a visitor sometime soon. \"So, Carlos is AOK, but he's lost all of his memories. I want people to visit him one by one or in groups of twos, so as not to overwhelm him. I gave him a journal, so don't be surprised if he just starts writing in the middle of your sentence. Also, when you talk about me or to me when we're visiting him, please call me Kate, okay?\" she said to all of Carlos' friends. \"But, why? Didn't you tell him your name was **********?\" Evie asked. \"No. The doctor told me that Carlos would remember better if we challenged him to think about his past. He has to try and think back to before the accident. So I asked him to guess my name, but until then he could call me Kate. He's allowed one guess every time we see one another, and in return, I tell him one piece of information about him or me, or one story about something he did. I know it's weird but... if it helps him remember then we'll continue to play this game until he wins.\" She shrugged. \"Is that cool with everyone?\" I'm ending it there. Feel free to guess who she is down below! LOL, Zebras! Tribs, OUT! ","Summary":" Hear her voice in my head... CARLOS \"You'll never be good enough!\" Cruella \"Why won't you just d"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Disney Descendants Fanfiction Works","Author":"watermelloncat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12649971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sickness was never really mentioned on the Isle, it happened but it was never brought up in conversation. Seen as a weakness no one dared to mention it, and God forbid look for sympathy. You got it, you got over it. Which is why when Harry walked into Ursula's Fish and Chips looking clearly under the weather, nobody gave him a second glance. \"The little one didn't have much today\" He confessed slamming the money that he'd just stolen from Dizzy at Curl up & Dye on the counter in front of Uma. \"She's probably getting better at hiding it\" Uma shrugged dismissively collecting the used trays of costumers. \"I'll go get her to fork up the rest\" Harry declared to her turning around towards the door. \"It's fine Harry, we'll get it another time\" she grabbed his arm to stop him from going any further. As he turned back around she noticed that his face was a bit paler than usual, but then again, his eyeliner did that to his skin sometimes. \"Take these to the kitchen, would you?\" she instructed handing the trays to him, watching him walk towards the kitchen it occurred to her that his movements were slower than usual. ' Uma stop it! Since when did you care about stuff like this?' she thought to herself. Uma didn't know how long it had been since she zoned out, but it felt like it had been a while ago. \"I'd leave him be\" Gil said tapping her on the arm, looking over at Harry, who Uma just realised that she had been staring at. Sitting slumped against the wall one foot brought up onto the chair, coughing quietly into his elbow, muffled by his sleeve. She knew that this was one of the few times that Gil was right. Harry could get quite irritable when he was sick, they all did. Being sick made you an easy target. Not that Harry had a problem with that, people were intimidated by him anyway. \"I haven't seen him like this before\" Uma found herself saying. \"Well he has been sick before\" Gil said, not quite catching on. \"No, I know that. But like this…\" Uma trailed of lost in thought. \"Eh… you could say that he's sea sick\" Gil attempted a failed joke, Uma found herself smiling anyway. \"Harry Hook seasick\" Uma heard Gil chuckle to himself as he walked over to turn the TV on. \"Huh... look who it is. Miss Pretty Princess herself\" Gil said bemused, as Harry got out of his chair and came over to the screen. \"Bah! Can't believe she's been officially in line to become Queen for a week now\" Uma spat, disgusted. \"Can you believe it? Mal! Being Queen!\" \"She did have a certain leadership quality to her\" Gil mused looking at the screen. Uma quickly placed her hand on Harry's arm which she was sure would have flown out at Gil if she hadn't. \"We've got to do something\" Uma told them. \"We'd best do it soon, while Auradon is still in its happy period\" Harry strategised. \"We have to find someone who can break the barrier\" Uma muttered to herself trying to think. \"It'll have to be someone on this side because the rest of them sure aren't going to come back over here\" Gil mentioned. \"That would be great, but do you know of anyone over here who has broken the barrier?\" Harry growled. \"Carlos did it once, but it was only for a second\" Gil stated unphazed by Harry's harshness. \"How did he do that again?\" Uma asked. \"Used a computer or something\" Gil remembered. As Gil and Uma carried on in a conversation about how they didn't have a computer, Harry turned away from the group to cough for a brief moment before returning and saying, \"they'll have at least one in their hideout.\" Uma nodded her head. \"Even if we get one, do any of us know how to use it?\" Gil pointed out. They all hung their heads in knowing that the plan was a bust, not a single one of them was particularly good on a computer. \"UMA!\" Ursula yelled from the kitchen, interrupting them. \"THESE DISHES DON'T WASH THEMSELVES!\" Uma huffed in annoyance before saying \"we'll talk about it more tomorrow.\" With that she stalked off into the kitchen and Harry and Gil went their separate ways. \"Where's Harry?\" Uma asked Gil, sitting down next to him in the cafeteria of Serpent Prep. \"Don't know, ditching?\" Gil suggested. \"Wouldn't be surprised\" Uma muttered to herself. School wasn't exactly a top priority for the kids on the Isle, so much so that it was a shock when the teachers took attendance. Although Uma and Harry both hated school it was still an escape from their shitty lives, so they made an effort to attend as often as they could. She'd never say this to him, but she missed her partner in crime. Her and Harry were always up to mischief together, pulling pranks on teachers and just being arses in general, to make school more interesting for each other. Today her day lacked that excitement. Sure, she still had Gil to keep her company, but she didn't have the same connection with him. Walking out of school, Gil rambling on about something Uma wasn't paying attention to, she saw one of Harry's sisters. \"CJ!\" she yelled across the street. Confused, the younger girl looked towards Uma. \"Where's Harry?!\" She asked. \"Sick! Stayed home!\" She yelled back before disappearing back into the crowd. \"I'll see you tomorrow\" Uma told Gil before heading off to Harry's house. Even for being the daughter of a Sea witch, Uma still felt on edge every time she went to the Hook's house. Not that they posed any danger, they would never hurt her. They were all so wild and unpredictable at the best of times. She knew the way from school like the back of her hand and when she got to the door she went straight through. There were many times when she had come here late at night to escape from her mother after an argument, it was like she was a third sister or fifth resident. Walking through the lounge and into the hallway she heard Harriet rummaging about in her room, probably getting ready to go out with her pirate gang. Continuing to walk to the end she turned into Harry's room at the last door on the right. His room was messy as always, maps lining his desk and the walls depicting many adventures that he wanted to go on one day, his father's hook and his own sword leaning against the wall by the door. She found him lying in his bed amongst a tangle of sheets. \"What a train wreck\" she exclaimed walking to his desk and pulling the chair towards his bed. Harry rolled over to face her \"since when have I been so mean to you?\" he rasped, his voice deep but almost gone. \"You missed out on Accelerated Piracy today\" Uma said in an attempt to make him feel guilty for abandoning her at school, knowing that it was his favourite class as well as her own. \"I would have gone but dad made me stay home\" Harry said before a cough bubbled up in his chest making him cough into the back of his hand. \"Must be pretty serious if your dad made you stay home\" Uma considered. Parents on the Isle didn't really care about their kids, being villains and all, her own and Harry's were the worst offenders. Which is why it worried Uma when she found out that Captain Hook himself had made sure his son stayed home that day. In response Harry groaned, not having the energy to explain. \"How'd you know to find me here?\" Harry asked looking up at Uma. \"CJ\" she told him simply, to which he smirked slightly, knowing that if anyone was to give out where he was it would be CJ. Against what anyone would think, Harry was quite family orientated. He may not appear to have a care in the world unless it was to hook someone, but it wasn't the case. Uma remembered when CJ was getting bullied because their father is a murderer, Harry would walk her to school every morning and walk her home after, so that she got places safely. \"And where else would you be?\" Uma continued giving him a small smile. \"Kicked off the face of the earth. Trust me, I'd rather be anywhere but here\" he replied. \"Well that's too bad on you, I doubt that you'd be able to make it anywhere else\" Uma said flatly. \"Bet you I could be\" Harry surprised Uma by rising out of his bed. \"Wha-\" Uma stopped short confused at where Harry was going. \"Where are you going ?\" she asked ready to follow him out the door. \"Dizzy's to get the money she didn't give up yesterday\" Harry explained looking at Uma, daring her to challenge him. She didn't, she knew nothing would change his mind. \"You're crazy\" she sighed following out the door. Harry entered the Curl up & Dye store alone after Uma had left to work her shift at the Fish and Chips store. \"All right hand the rest over\" Harry demanded as he walked into the centre of the salon. Dizzy looked up from the back table where she was working. \"You know this is going to be one of the last times that you can do this?\" Dizzy said surprisingly happy. \"And why is that?\" Harry asked uninterested leaning against the wall, God his head hurt . \"Because I won't be here anymore. They're taking me to Auradon\" she said in a sing-song voice, smiling and swaying from side to side. \"And I don't think that you'd have any luck getting money off my Grandmother\" Dizzy added a serious tone to her voice. Harry closed his eyes while his headache worsened. \"Are you sick?\" Dizzy inquired, noticing the change in Harry's behaviour from the other times, confused at the possibility. \"It's none of your business what I am \" Harry said slowly, opening his eyes again. \"It's just you look- \"she was interrupted by Harry. \"Just cough it up\" he demanded ironically before coughing himself. \"Okay then\" Dizzy huffed rolling her eyes. \"That's all of it\" she said sadly watching Harry take the money. \"Thank you\" he mocked before walking out of the store. Arriving at Ursula's Fish and Chips, Harry saw Uma and Gil talking at the counter. Walking up to them Harry placed the money in front of Uma, who nodded while in a conversation with Gil. \"I don't think the necklace would work on this one. It needs something to be exchanged for its magic\" Uma was explaining. \"And there wouldn't be something big enough for it to be exchanged with?\" Gil asked, knowing the answer was probably no. Uma shook her head. \"Didn't Mal leave her spell book behind?\" Gil remembered how Uma had used the book to cast a love spell on Ben. \"Yeah, she did, but they got it back when I had to get off the ship\" Uma explained, looking at the floor at her failure. \"Mal wouldn't have been smart enough to create a spell that could break the barrier\" Harry dismissed. \"Even something that her mum wrote?\" Gil asked hopefully. \"Doubt it. Good magic is always more powerful than bad magic. Nothing would be strong enough\" Uma mentioned. \"We have to think of something else, anything\" Uma commanded. \"Well it's not like we can jack a ride, no one's going to and from Auradon and here\" Gil exclaimed. \"Actually, there is\" Harry spoke up, remembering what Dizzy had told him. \"What?\" Uma and Gil asked in unison. \"When I went to take the money from Dizzy, she told me that she's being taken to Auradon\" Harry informed them. \"So, Ben must be carrying out the second phase of his plan\" Uma said mostly to herself. \"Do you know when?\" Gil inquired looking at Harry. \"Didn't say\" he replied shaking his head. \"We'll have to interrogate her\" Uma said looking at the door where the last of the costumers were leaving. \"Well, maybe we wouldn't have to interrogate her, she'd probably just tell us anyway\" Gil suggested, knowing that Dizzy is quite a chatter-box. \"How will we get there?\" Uma muttered to herself. While she and Gil started to discuss how they could get across the barrier, Harry broke away from the group coughing deeply into his wrist. Uma and Gil immediately stopped their conversation looking over at Harry leaning against the bench trying his best not to cough up his lung. \"Stop with your sympathy\" he choked out between coughs, seeing Uma's expression and Gil's eyebrows knitted together. Uma reached forward and put her hand on the back of his shoulder blade \"Harry, you should go home. You're worse than you were yesterday\" she told him kindly, making circular motions with her thumb in the hope of getting him to stop coughing. \"M' fine. We've got to sort out our plan first.\" Harry tried to assure them when he had recovered. \"God sake Harry! You're not! You sound horrible\" Uma complained. \"We'll sort out the plan another time. I'm taking you home\" she demanded so forcefully that no one dared to question her. With that she grabbed Harry's arm and proceeded to lead him out the door. They walked slowly back to the Hook's residence. Uma carefully guiding Harry through the streets with her hand on his back, pretending not to notice him shivering, and making him stop every time he started to cough. When they walked inside Uma saw CJ sitting on the couch in the lounge reading over a map. \"Harry?\" she asked kind of scared, adjusting her position to get a better look at him, seeing his face extra pale and him sniffling into the back of his gloved hand. Harry was pretty out of it and didn't hear her but Uma gave her a small but worried smile, continuing to push Harry towards his room. Entering his room Harry kicked off his shoes before Uma pushed him into his bed, throwing the covers over him. Harry groaned as they covered his entire body. \"Come on, come out of there. You'll suffocate\" Uma laughed at little. As Harry resurfaced and turned so that he was facing her Uma looked him in the eyes and said, \"I want you to go see a healer tomorrow.\" He smirked, laughing a little before replying \"and since when have they ever actually been accurate? It's a waste of time.\" Uma nodded understanding his point, it would probably be unaffordable anyway. \"All right, you win. Get some rest Harry. I need you back on your feet if we're going to invade Auradon\" she said before walking out the door.[Chapter 2] - Starting Note - To anyone to whom this may concern... This Chapter is a new story from the previous one (thought I'd state that to ease confusion). Don't worry not all hope is lost, I will continue the previous chapter if that is what you desire - just leave me a comment down below. I just got struck with inspiration for this story and wanted to write it first. Much love 3 Uma woke up to the sun coming from the window streaming into her eyes. Blinking she stretched her arms up out of the covers and smiled. It had been three months since they had escaped the Isle and set sail for the adventures they always wanted to go on. Of course, it was only her, Harry and Gil, they had to leave everyone else behind so they could escape undetected. Never the less they were living the life they always dreamed of. Swinging her legs out of bed she glanced around her room wondering what to wear. Settling on her usual teal dress and purple and black netted shirts. After putting on her boots she grabbed her knife from beside her bed and walked over to the wall she kept her tally on. Running her hand over the carved surface of the wall, she admired that the marks almost covered an entire plank of wood. Gripping her knife, she engraved another mark into the wall. Stepping back, she sighed contently and wished that every morning of her life could be like this one. Content, free and at peace. Sitting on her bed basking in the sunlight which she never got to appreciate on the Isle, she waited for Harry to come up to see her. Every morning he'd come up to her quarters and they'd discuss the plan for the day ahead, and maybe some other stuff. She always liked those moments where she could start the day with the person she loved most. But this morning he didn't come. She waited and waited, thinking that he would bound up those stairs the next second. But he didn't. Growing impatient it crossed her mind that he might have gone up to the deck already. Climbing up onto the deck she saw Gil standing at the railing, looking out to sea. \"Do you know where Harry is?\" she asks still standing in the doorway. \"Dunno, haven't seen him\" Gil shrugs turning around to face her. \"Maybe he's checking stock\" he guesses. Remembering that it was something he said he wanted to do yesterday, Uma nods and heads back down stairs. Making her way through the hallways to the Hold she walked passed the crews' cabins. Some part of her missed them and she felt bad for leaving them on the Isle. But in no way, could that diminish the joy she felt now. Nearing the end of the passage way she noticed Harry's door cracked open. As she walked past she saw him still lying in his bed. Her eyebrows furrowed, it had never crossed her mind that he might still be asleep. Harry never slept in… ever . Even when he was hungover he still got up. For this reason, Uma instantly knew that something was very wrong. Gently pushing on his door, she stepped into the small room and made her way to his bed. Immediately noticing the tell-tale signs of sickness in the pallor of his skin and slight flush in his cheeks. Kneeling next to his bed she saw him stir and begin to wake up. She wasn't quite sure but she thought he might have mumbled her name. \"Shit, sorry\" he rasped beginning to sit up. \"No, no. You stay down\" Uma directed putting her hand on his chest and pushing him back down 'you're not well. You need rest.\" \"I'm fine\" Harry interjected, brushing her hand away and pushing himself up again, \"just let me get sorted. I'll be up in a minute.\" Uma opened her mouth to argue but then closed it, realising that trying to reason with Harry would get her nowhere. She got up and sighed before heading out the door and back to her quarters. Gil was still standing at the rail watching the horizon when he heard footsteps. Turning around he saw Harry walking through the doorway to the inside of the ship. \"Morning\" he teased him. He would have taken another jab at him if he hadn't looked so rundown. Even from the distance away from him that he was, Gil could tell he wasn't feeling well. Harry gave him a small nod in greeting before taking his position at the wheel of the ship. Together they sailed the Lost Revenge in their respective positions. Gil on the masthead looking out for the surrounding Islands. Harry staring the ship, coughing into his elbow every so often. Sounding so painful that it hurt Gil's chest just listening to it. Looking down from his perch after Harry had recovered from yet another coughing fit, Gil could swear that Harry was shivering slightly even though the wind was light. Thinking better of making a comment which would no doubt infuriate Harry, he kept his mouth shut and turned back to watching the horizon. Staring peacefully into the distance seeing nothing but clear blue water ahead of him, Gil felt that everything was right with the world. \"Harry?\" his peaceful thoughts were interrupted as Uma appeared in the doorway to her quarters, summoning her first mate. Gil looked down again to see Uma nod, gesturing for Harry to follow her inside. Harry looked up at Gil and raised his eyebrows, indicating that he should stare the ship, before following Uma into her quarters. Excitedly he swung down from the masthead and bounded over to the wheel. He loved staring the ship, it gave him so much joy because he never really got to do it. That was Harry's job. Even Uma didn't stare it much, mostly because she was always sword fighting with the crew or planning. Which Gil had no doubt that that's what she and Harry were doing now. Coming down the small set of stairs into her quarters, Uma explained \"I've been thinking about this for hours. I have no idea where we're going.\" Harry followed her down the stairs and towards her desk, \"you don't know where we're going, or you don't know where we are going to go?\" \"Where we're going to go\" Uma corrected pulling her chair towards her desk and taking a seat. They all knew that they were sailing to Obsidian Rock, taking the passage past the Eastern Islands. But that was about as far as they knew. \"Where are you thinking of going?\" Harry asked sitting on the edge of the desk and looking at the maps that Uma had laid out on the surface. \"I was thinking that we go to the Caribbean and see Atlantica, seeing as we're close\" Uma suggested. It was known fact that at some point they all wanted to travel to the places that their parents talked about, where their family came from. Harry nodded, knowing that it was only fair that they visit the Captains desired destination first. \"Then we'd go on to sail to England and go to Eton, where your father grew up\" Uma continued looking up to see Harry smile. \"Then we could go to France for Gil, seeing that it's just across the way. And spend winter in Europe, because we're not going to be able to do much traveling when the water freezes up and the storms come in. And there's so much to see there\" Uma explained, tracing her fingers along the map outlining her planned route. \"It's a long way\" Harry reminded Uma starring at the gap of the Atlantic Ocean. \"I know, but I figured it's our best bet of making it across before the rainy season while we still have good weather. We might not get another chance for a long time if we miss it\" Uma persuaded. \"We'll need to restock before we go then\" Harry mentioned. Uma nodded \"I was thinking that we could do that in one of the Ports in the Caribbean, and then set off straight from there. And for the way back – \"Uma stopped as Harry shielded a cough into his elbow, unintentionally wincing at how painful it sounded. \"On the way back, we could restock in Scotland and then decide where to go from there\" she continued after Harry stopped coughing. \"Mhmm\" was all that Harry could respond by as he wiped tears out of his eyes. For a while they talked, sorting out the finer details of where they would stop, and when they would aim to be there by. As well as making back up plans just in case anything fell through or something popped up. All with the interruption of Harry coughing or clearing his throat because his voice was fast diminishing. Insisting that he was fine, every time Uma pressed him about it. Eventually they found themselves standing in front of the large windows that looked out to the vast picturesque sea ahead. Uma found herself talking about the various things that she wanted to do when they got to Atlantica. Harry was happy listening, not really in the mood for talking himself. \"I really want to go to mum's lair and see if I can salvage any magical relics or something like that\" Uma found herself saying looking longingly out the window in the direction they were sailing. Every meter was a meter closer to where she knew she was destined to go. \"And then go for a walk around the city and- \"she paused when she saw Harry raise a hand to stop her. \"HIG-GISH! HIG-NISH! snf HIH-KISHH!\" Harry turned away from her to sneeze congestedly into his elbow. Uma found it weird seeing Harry sneeze. She didn't know where to look and felt her face heat up. But in a way, she finds it sort of cute seeing him so sick and vulnerable. She feels a pool of sympathy welling up in her stomach, seeing how miserable he looks as he straightens up and sniffles into his sleeve. \"Maybe you should go back to bed?\" Uma suggests empathetically looking over at Harry who surprisingly obliged without complaint or hesitation. Nodding, he closed his eyes and ran his hand through his hair, before exiting silently. Uma turned back to the window her mind consumed with astonishment that Harry had obeyed her previous command. Okay, yes. She was his Captain and he does anything that she says, but this was different. Obeying this instruction was something that involved admitting weakness, and that was not something that Harry Hook does. So, Uma knew that Harry must be feeling very poorly to concede without complaint, or concede at all for that matter. 'Oh well, you've sent him to bed. There's nothing more you can do right now. Just see how he is in the morning' Uma dismissed heading above deck. \"Where's Harry?\" Gil asked when he saw Uma step onto the deck alone. Knowing that she had left with Harry previously, he had expected them to return together. \"I sent him to bed. He wasn't sounding too flash\" Uma commented coming to stand next to him. \"Should we find a place to dock? There's only a limited time we can sail the ship with only two people\" Gil suggested glancing at Uma then out to sea. She nodded. \"Set a course for the Islands in the East, we'll get there within the hour\" she instructed before leaving to man the sails. After Uma had instructed Harry to return to bed, he walked lethargically through the hallways to his cabin. His shoulders brushing the wooden walls as he struggled to remain upright. Reaching his door, it was a fight for him to even turn the door handle. Eventually he leaned on the door and pushed it open, tiredly kicked off his boots and stumbled over to his bed where he was out like a light as soon as his head hit the pillow. He woke to something cold being pressed against his forehead. He groaned and raised his hand in an attempt to move it. \"No, no. That needs to stay there\" he heard the soft voice of Uma say as she gently grabbed his wrist and placed it back at his side. \"Quite a fever you've got yourself, eh\" she remarked her hand resuming its place on the wet rag she had placed on Harry's forehead. Harry stifled a laugh at the comment and it crossed Uma's mind that he probably wasn't completely sure what was going on at that moment. She watched as his features relaxed and he drifted off back to sleep. - Author's note - Not too sure how to finish this off, so comment down below your suggestions. Also, if may excuse grammar/spelling mistakes, I will fix those when I add on the next part. Please I need your help... ","Summary":" Sickness was never really mentioned on the Isle, it happened but it was never brought up in convers"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"10 years and 18 roses","Author":"Sherlokomaniya1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12650334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It comes every year and brings a bouquet of 18 scarlet roses. And this year was no exception. She came again, sat down again on the bench and sat again for hours, not moving. This time the sky was crying, she cried ... \"Ten years have passed.\" Ivy said through tears. The black dress on the girl on was getting wet, but she continued to sit, and from without that red eyes flowing tears. \"Ten years have passed since she died,\" said King Auradon, who had approached the blue-haired woman. \"But she did not live to see the wedding for only two months.\" The world is cruel, is not it? In response, only the sound of rain. - You know, one thought does not give me rest: how strange that she died right before the wedding. Yes, and this case is completely unlucky unlike. Ten years have passed and 18 simple red roses have remained, and what if the solution is as simple as these flowers? Ivi was silent for a moment, as if thinking what to say. - I will not surrender until I solve this mystery, I will get to the truth, to the point. It was dear to me and I consider it my duty, duty. \"I agree with you more than ever.\" - He agrees! And who needs to marry in the next three months, or Mummy and Daddy will swear! \"Ivi, do not start.\" And without you it's sickening. They were silent for five minutes, ten ... Then Ben said: - Go home. You're completely wet. Will get sick still. \"You'd better care for her so much.\" Maybe there will not be anything and it does not happen ... Although who knows. Ivi stopped talking. \"I do not understand why I blame you.\" You loved her so much. You just wore it in your arms. And she loved you, with all her heart. Ivi put the bouquet on the grave and walked slowly toward the parking lot. In general, Ivy very rarely sits behind the wheel, only twice a year: on her birthday and on the day of Mel's death. The blue-haired lady drove into the courtyard of her castle, parked the car and went into the castle's castle. Only now Ivy realized how naughty her wet clothes were squishing, she wanted to get into the bathroom, lie down in hot water and think about her hypothesis about killing her best friend. But it was not there. A five-year-old girl ran out to meet her, stomping her small bare feet on the tile. And behind her, her father, clearly tried to shoe his daughter. POV Ivi How cute they are. My eyes sparkled with happiness. But suddenly the mood was gone. Tears came to my eyes. But Mel and Ben could have had a similarly happy life. They would be married, have children and raised them. And fate is like that. Life is not fair! Why? Why?! WHY?! I chose the name for my daughter myself-Melanie. How strange it was not for Melan to look like Mal. \"Well, stop the hooligan-Doug picked up his daughter in his arms.\" - Hi. \"Hello.\" Doug answered and kissed me. \"Are you all right?\" \"As always on this day.\" \"You're completely wet.\" Go get your change. I took my favorite dressing gown from the dresser and a terry towel and wandered into the bathroom.[Chapter 2] By the evening I firmly decided to go to the place where there was an \"accident\". I laid down my daughter and went to bed herself. Tomorrow will be a hard day. My head just touched the pillow and I immediately fell asleep. This can not even be called a dream. This is a nightmare. I saw that day again. As if everything were yesterday. Before me was a picture when she only came when I was in the palace. We talked about everything till late. Mel came to me on horseback and accordingly was going to return the same way. \"Let me give you a car.\" - Do not. I'll quickly get through the forest. \"Mel, maybe I'll go with you.\" Not calmly to me like that. - Everything will be fine. \"I only ask you not to go through the forest.\" - Okay. - With what that indifference my friend answered. She left, and I went to the bedroom and tried to sleep. I was awakened by a phone call. \"Yes.\" I answered sleepily. \"Ivy, Mel, are you there?\" - No. What happened?! - I was frightened of it. \"She did not get to the palace.\" Something broke inside me. \"Which way did she go?\" \"Through the forest!\" I cried out in parallel, looking for boots and a jacket, I'll go along this road. Even forgetting to change my homecoming dress, I saddled my horse and rushed to the forest. On the way, my mind was full of various thoughts. From the most terrible to the harmless. After 15 minutes drive I heard a horse neighing. At that moment, there were only nightmares in my head. I drove closer and my face froze with horror. - No! - With a wild cry and in a cold sweat I woke up.[Chapter 3] As I said today it will be a hard day. It began in the morning. Before going to the place, I was going to visit the palace on business. I walked through the garden and suddenly I heard Ben talking to his parents about his new bride. I hid behind a tree and heard the whole conversation. When Belle and Adam left I chose from my hiding place and asked Ben: \"Why Audrey?\" After all, you broke up with her many years ago. \"Because I have no choice.\" \"And who told us that there is ALWAYS a choice.\" I specifically focused on the last word. \"And if that Audrey killed Mal because of her revenge and to marry you?\" \"You do not even have proof that it's murder.\" - Do you think I have not preserved the stone that struck his head? I turned on my heels and walked toward my horse. I decided to go without security. I hope no one will hit me on the head with a stone. Already at the entrance to this place I became Dudko and not cozy. It's me that's to blame for this. If I insisted on my own, maybe it just did not happen. Tears came to my eyes. I got off the horse and examined everything in a circle and before us again that picture. I did not even have to remember how she was lying. At five o'clock in the evening I came to know that this was exactly murder. I returned home and argued aloud: \"Let's think logically: who benefits from Mal's death?\" In theory, a lot of people want revenge on Mel. To many, she crossed the road. At home it is necessary to check whether somebody from the Island ran away at that time. ","Summary":" It comes every year and brings a bouquet of 18 scarlet roses. And this year was no exception. She c"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"So We Meet Again","Author":"Hawkfrost99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12618192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! I apologize for abandoning this story. I'm going to repost the first two chapters, fixing some grammar/content mistakes, then post the the third chapter. After that, I'm going on to another story. Thank you![Chapter 2] The discovery of Mal's return to the Isle was a surprise to everyone. Evie, Jay, Carlos, and Ben set off to bring her back. After crossing the barrier, they covered the limo, and the villain kids taught Ben the basics of the ways of the Isle. They we're on their way to find Mal. Ben looked around the Isle. Had Mal, Evie, Carlos, and Jay really spent their whole childhoods here? He couldn't help but feel a tang of guilt. His father had banished all the villains here for their crimes, but their kids had been forced to live here as well. He'd been so deep in thought that he jumped when he heard a cackle from felt Evie freeze, her face paling. He noticed that Jay and Carlos looked just as terrified. They all turned around, and he found himself face to face with three of the most feared villains in the land. He felt all three of them, even Jay, trembling as they looked up at their parents. Evie's heart stopped. She recognized that laugh anywhere. She turned around, and surely enough, there stood their parents. She looked at Jay, who shot back the same look of, what do we do? . Evie sighed, looking for escape possibilities, and after finding none, due to their parents' minions surrounding them, looked up again. Her mother's glare seemed to burn through her, and she returned the glare. \"What do you want, mother?\" she asked bitterly. The Evil Queen chuckled. \"Oh Evie, why so sour? This is just the beginning of our family… reunion.\" Evie inhaled sharply as their parents turned their gaze to Ben. \"Isn't that the King? The brat Malificent's girl fell for?\" Cruella sneered. Carlos, Jay, and Evie pushed Ben behind them. \"Ben has nothing to do with this,\" Jay growled, \"so let him go.\" Carlos and Evie nodded. Jafar cackled. \"You think we're going to give up this big of an opportunity? He's the king for crying out loud!\" Turning to the goblins, he added, \"Knock them out.\" Evie stood in front of Ben, attempting to keep the goblins away. She heard a thud, and saw that Jay had already been knocked out. Another thud followed after, and Carlos was out. Evie knew she was next. Looking up at her mother, she yelled, \"We won't let you hurt Ben!\", before something struck her head, and the world turned black. Dizzy was walking around the Isle, handing out flyers for her grandmother's hair salon, when she heard three familiar voices. They're here! They must have been looking for Mal. But they sounded like they were in trouble. She ran towards the source of the noise, but hid when she saw the Evil Queen, Jafar, and Cruella. And sure enough, looking up at them were her three old friends. And to her surprise, she recognized King Ben, Mal's boyfriend. I have to warn Mal, she thought. Running as fast as she could, she hurried to where the four kids used to hang out. She threw the rock at the sign and hurried up the stairs. \"Mal!\" she called. After a moment, the purple-haired teen peeked out. \"Dizzy, what are you doing here?\" she asked. Dizzy caught her breath. \"Evie, Jay, Carlos, and Ben came after you. They got captured by the Evil Queen, Jafar, Cruella.\" Mal's eyes widened. \"What!? How did..?\" Then she realized. \"I left a note for Evie. I should have known they'd try and come back for me.\" She ran to the exit, calling, \"Thanks, Dizzy!\", over her shoulder. Dizzy watched as she sped off. I hope they're alright... Jay woke up in a gloomy dungeon, realizing that he was in chains and handcuffed. He saw Carlos and Ben, a few yards away from him, had already woken up. Evie remained unconscious, though she was starting to wake. They were all in shackles as well. \"Carlos\", he called quietly. His friend looked at him. \"Oh hey, you're awake.\" he turned to Evie, who was now awake and looking around warily. \"Everyone okay?\" Jay asked. They all nodded, but Ben still seemed a bit shaken. He looked from Carlos, to Evie, then to Jay. \"I know your parents are evil and all,\" he started \"but why would they ever do this to you ?\" Carlos sighed. \"That's just how things are on the Isle. There's a lot you don't know about our childhoods. Plus,\" he added, \"they must have been furious the day of the coronation. We took away their only chance for revenge.\" Jay sighed. \"But now thanks to us, they get another chance at revenge,\" he pointed out, \"because now they have Ben.\" Ben was looking down. \"I'm sorry.\" When he saw his friends' confused faces, he continued, \"It's my fault we're here. I was the one that blew up on Mal, making her come here.\" Then more softly, he added, \"I promised you Evie. I promised that you wouldn't get stuck here again. You trusted me, and I let you down.\" Carlos looked at Evie, waiting for her response. She simply smiled. \"Don't blame yourself for this, Ben. You had no idea that this was going to happen. But I would go through this for Mal, or any of you four, any day. Promise or no promise.\" Ben nodded, though still unsure. The four of them jumped when they heard footsteps. Cruella, Jafar, and the Evil Queen, followed by the guards, stepped into the dungeon. \"Comfortable?\" Jafar sneered. \"It's really a shame that we can't do anything to Beast Dude here, since he's our ticket out of here.\" Cruella sighed. \"But,\" the Evil Queen cackled, turning to Evie, Jay, and Carlos \"you three are a different story.\" She smiled wickedly. \"So, let's have a little talk, shall we?\" Carlos looked at his two friends as they were released from the chains, cuffs still on. Evie was as pale as ever, looking from Jay, to Carlos, then to Ben. \"Don't worry about us, alright?\" she whispered to the king, \"We can handle this.\" But Carlos wasn't so sure about that, and he could see Evie wasn't either. Jay, as always, tried to look tough, but he could see his friend's fear in his eyes. They followed their parents into a room,worried of what they might have up their sleeves.[Chapter 3] Mal was running to the only place she remembered seeing a dungeon (Other than her mother's fortress, of course, but no one would dare go there). The Evil Queen's castle was where Evie had lived for most of her life, Mal remembered. She held the perfume that could knock out a person, holding it tight. Two sprays and they'll be out like a light , she remembered telling Evie before the coronation. The teen sighed, fighting back tears, as she thought of all the things their parents could be doing to them. The three villains would surely trade Ben for their freedom, but what made her queasy is what they would do to Evie, Jay, and Carlos. Each one of them meant so much to Mal. Mal caught her breath as she reached the castle. Keeping to the shadows, she walked to the dungeon's entrance. Mal made her way in, peeking in all the cells to check if her friends were there. Suddenly, a guard walked around the corner, making her jump. \"Hey-\" the goblin was cut off as Mal sprayed him with the perfume. The teen had to knock out about five more goblins. Mal had locked them in a place she was sure no one would find them for at least a few hours. She finally spotted, in a dark cell, a brown-haired boy in a blue beanie. \"Ben!\" Mal whispered. He turned his head, looking more relieved than he had ever been in his life to see her. \"Mal! I'm so glad you're here. Listen, I'm really sorry about our fight yester-,\" Ben was interrupted by his girlfriend. \"That doesn't matter right now, we'll talk about that later. Where are Evie, Jay, and Carlos?\" she asked with concern. Ben looked up at her with dread. \"They took them, to have what they called a little talk…\" Mal's heart stopped. \"This castle's too big to cover… it could already be too late. I'm going to see if I can come up with a plan.\" The purple haired teen hid in a shadows next to his cell, waiting for her friends to return, making a plan, and preparing for the worst. Evie, Jay, and Carlos were brought into a room that Evie didn't recognize. Her breath quivered when they came to face their parents. The guards shoved them until they fell to their knees beside each other. \"Welcome, kids, to our family reunion!\" Jafar said with his usual sneer, \"Now, you might be our children, but after what you did to us, your choice to betray us, you don't mean anything to us. Nothing.\" Evie snorted. \"When have we ever meant anything to you?\" The Evil Queen narrowed her eyes. \"You meant something to me. You were my tool to make me royalty again!\" The blue-haired girl winced (it hurt to know her mother had considered her just a tool), but kept her glare. \"I'm not your tool. I'm more-,\" Evie was cut off by her mother's hand slapping her right cheek, almost sending her flying. \"Don't you touch her!\" Carlos yelled. Evie's cheek stung, as she had forgotten how hard the Evil Queen could hit. At least she hadn't stabbed her, like she used to do. Her mother sneered at her friend. \"And what are you going to do about it, give me a belly rub?\" Jay tried to stand up, thrashing against the guards. Finally, Jafar's fist flew to Jay's left eye, which threw him backward. Jay fell between Evie and Carlos, as they examined his eye, which was closed, and the skin around it, which was turning purple and swelled. Cruella stepped up. \"You three won't leave this room alive, but, oh, we're going to have so much fun in your last moments! Don't worry, this won't hurt at all…for us!\" she cackled. \"Oh, but you'll need your cuffs off for this; don't dare escape or we'll double your pain.\" The three looked at each other as they were released. The second they were off the handcuffs, Carlos brought them both in for a bone-crushing group hug. \"I love you guys- I want you to know that.\" When they finally let go of each other, they saw their parents facing them…with something sharp in their hands. I spoke too soon, Evie thought. \"Let's begin, shall we?\" Jafar chuckled as the guards pinned them to the wall, arms outstretched. Evie's breathing quickened and she squirmed as she tried to escape the grasp of the guards. Her mother walked closer, a wicked smile on her face. And then it all became evil cackles and screams. Mal was about to go rescue her friends without a plan, which she hadn't made yet, when she heard footsteps. She hid even further as the goblins threw the three teens in the cell. As the guards went to chain them up, the biggest one intercepted them. \"Don't bother, they're too weak from the pain.\" He chuckled, \"Pathetic idiots.\" Mal wanted to get out of her hiding place and punch that loser in the face. How dare he talk about her friends like that? She turned her gaze to her friends. Oh no… she thought. She looked at each of them from top to bottom. Jay had a black eye and a few cuts, Carlos had an immense cut down his lip, and Evie had a huge cut across her left cheek, and a bloody forehead. She was in between Jay and Carlos, all of them leaning on each other. Mal waited until she couldn't see or hear the guards to pop out into the open. \"Mal!\" Jay, Evie, and Carlos cried in unison. Mal's breath shook. \"I'm so sorry guys…\" she looked at Evie, who was obviously fighting to remain conscious. Her blue-haired best friend smiled. \"Mal, I'd go through this for you any day.\" Jay and Carlos nodded. Mal felt like she wanted to cry. Ben was still staring at the three with horror. \"What did they d- Jay, what's that on your arm?\" Jay, the only one with short sleeves, put his arms behind his back. \"Nothing.\" he mumbled. Ben looked at Evie and Carlos. \"Take off your jackets.\" The two hesitated, but slowly took off their jackets. Mal noticed they winced as they took it off. What did they do to them? Carlos was the first one to show his arm to Mal. She gasped. It was two bones in the form of an 'X'. Cruella De Vil's symbol, literally carved into his arm. Evie and Jay hesitated, but showed their arms when Carlos gave them a look. Jay had a cobra- Jafar's symbol, and Evie had a broken crown carved into her arm, her mother's symbol, of course. \"They said we would really remember them like this. Mal, they meant to kill us.\" Evie said quietly \"But I guess they thought twice about it.\" Carlos sighed. \"So they decided to carve their symbols on our arms. We tried to escape, because, MAN, it hurt. But they had us pinned to the wall.\" Mal looked at all of them, but then she remembered. \"Guys, we have to get out of here. Now.\" She freed Ben, and they quietly made their way to escape. The teen could almost sense it. They were almost out. One more hall and they'd be out. But suddenly, footsteps sounded behind them. They all whirled around to find The Evil Queen, Cruella De Vil, and Jafar. \"Where do you think you're going?\" ","Summary":" Hey! I apologize for abandoning this story. I'm going to repost the first two chapters, fixing some"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Rescue me, Doyle","Author":"Noxin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6422567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so, I am doing NO MORE chapters for 'Down with the Sickness' the Ginger Snaps fan fic with Sam/OC because I am getting no reviews. I did say that I wouldn't be one of those writers who said, 'I need a certain amount of reviews to post a chapter,' but I need some encouragement from y'all. So, I will NOT do another chapter until I have one review, I don't care if it is a flamer, I just need some feedback. So this story is a 28 Weeks Later fanfic with Doyle/OC. I will post another chapter each time I get a review, only one. Feel free to do more though :) Chapter 1 When the outbreak occured in London, I was in Spain, Barcelona. Of course, the outbreak was all over the news and I knew most of my family were dead. It was hard to digest; the fact all my family and friends were most likely dead, or as the newsreporter called it, zombies. I did have one friend though, Kylie Williams. Kylie worked in the next door office to mine back at the publishing office. I hadn't really conversed with her in work but when we realised that we were both going to Spain for our vacation, we agreed on sharing a Hotel Room and actually became quite close friends. 'Alice?' I turned around at the sound of my name, Kylie was standing there, solemn looking. Since we found out about the outbreak last week, none of us had cracked a smile. Not once. She looked back at the television and I put my coffee mug down and joined her on the couch, US ARMY QUARANTINE LONDON read the headline underneath the 2 newsreporters. 'Wow,' I breathed, 'that's another thing we owe them.' Kylie glanced at me, 'we owe them for good this time though if they actually manage to contain the infection.' I nodded and swallowed, let out a breath and turned away as they showed images of my home, London, in tatters. Exploded and demolished buildings. People on the floor, dead or dying, rubble littering the floors. It was killing me being here safe and sound in sunny Spain while my family were there, dead or worse, fighting for their lives in that place. But then the male reporter said something which made me snap my attention back to the screen and Kylie gasp. 'All UK citizens can now return back to London, I repeat, all citizens can now return back to London under strict medical analysis and US Army orders.' My heart stopped, we can go back? Kylie grabbed my hand as he finished, 'a military plane will be sent to each country to transport you back. Please get in touch with General Blake to arrange.' I didnt have time to process most of that information though as Kylie jumped up, grabbed the Hotel phone and dialled the number that appeared on the screen. Once again, turning away from the television, I felt guilt. Now it was all okay, we can come back. Brilliant. 'Yes.' Looking at Kylie who was gripping the phone with such intensity, she spoke again, 'yes. Me and my friend. Alice James. I am Kylie Williams. Spain, Barcelona. Of course. Thank you.' She put down the phone and put a hand to her heart, 'they are sending a plane here. Apparently there are another hundred people in this country that have called. But we are leaving tomorrow. 6AM sharp.' She put a hand to her head in a mocking salute and for the first time in a while, we both smiled. A sad smile, but a smile. 'Alice! You ready?' I zipped up my suitcase and took one last look around the bedroom, it was bigger now. 'Yeah,' I said but mostly to myself as I heard Kylie shout again, 'come on!' Picking up my lugging suitcase, I left the room and met her down the corridor as we walked to the lobby. It was bustling. People arguing with eachother and I noticed then how many people were in the same position as Kylie and me. They had to sit in their Hotel rooms and watch the constant names on TV that had died in London, praying one of them wasn't their family. I had been unlucky with my parents, my Mum and Dad's name had been mentioned on the death list but my sister and brothers weren't which I guess could only mean one thing. I knew that some people had managed to stay alive during the outbreak and had then spent hours or days in quarantine when the US Army arrived but my sister was only 13 and my brother was 10, after my parents died, they probably got infected. 'Whoa, it's busy.' Kylie said and I quickly grabbed the back of her shirt as she guided us through the people and out the doors. A plane could be seen just a few yards away and it was filling up quickly. I figured Kylie was panicking because she breathed deeper and picked up her pace, dragging me along behind her. We reached the plane and a man wearing the typical army attire and a helmet was stood there ushering people on. 'Passports.' He said gruffly when I cleared my throat to get his attention. Noticing a large gun on his back and a pistol on his hip, I felt awkward. He wasn't very good looking at all but he seemed nice enough. Handing him our passports, he glanced from it back to us and then announced, 'make space! You! Move ahead, make some space!' I dont know who he was talking to but they obviously obeyed because he then stepped aside and allowed us on. Taking our seats, I still felt awkward. It was packed and I guess some people had snuck on because there were some people sitting on others laps or hiding on the floor because they couldnt find a seat, or risk getting caught. Taking a deep breath, I put on my seatbelt and closed my eyes. After a month in Spain instead of a week, I was finally relieved to be getting out of here. 'Passengers can now remove their seatbelts and aquire their luggage, plane has now landed.' The monotone voice was enough to bring me out of my stupor although it was nearly impossible to actually sleep with all the ruckus around us. The doors opened and I could just about see more Army men in full attire and holding guns. They ushered us off in single file and Kylie stayed behind me this time. We saw others get off other planes and figured they had come from other countries, a boy and a girl caught my eye though, they were allowing childing back? Kylie behind me interuppted my thoughts, 'look up there.' She pointed to a large building with huge windows, a lone woman was stood there, she looked worried and a little annoyed. Figuring waving would be a rather inappopriate thing to do, when she looked our way I just smiled a small smile. Which she returned gratefully. Still in single file, we walked through the building, through corridors and past more army men. 'Just around to your right,' said one who pointed to the end and me and Kylie hurried on. We walked through another corridor which had, 'ON WAY TO MEDICAL CENTRE,' printed on a sign above. Army men still holding guns were around every corner and I was starting to feel a little uneasy instead of safe. But hey, how will I know until there is actually another outbreak and I am stuck in the middle of it to see how handy and how in control this US Army actually is. So okay, that's Chapter 1, I am writing Chapter 2 and maybe Chapter 3 today too. So if you review really quickly I can upload them today. =] One review, all I need. For EACH chapter though. ~ Noxin[Chapter 2] Okay, chapter 2. Thank you so much to MusicBeeQueen for reviewing! Thank her for the next chapter.. I need another review though for Chapter 3! Chapter 2 I placed my chin on the stand as Kylie behind me laid on the metal table. I was five years younger than Kylie, making me 23. The man in front of me but behind the eye scanner thing smiled at me kindly. I could see from the corner of my eye that girl and boy. She was obviously older and he must have been about 11 or 12. They were brother and sister and from what I had heard, he had one brown eye and one green eye inherited from his mother. I had no idea where she was and didnt have time to think about it either when the man cleared his throat. 'Just look right here.' He shone a torch in my eye through the glass so it wasn't too bright and then turned around to face the computer as images of my brown eyes appeared on the screen. 'Okay, they seem normal. You were negative for any major diseases and afflictions, how old are you miss?' '23,' I answered and cast a sideways glance at Kylie who gasped when the woman squirted some spray in her eye. Kylie was diabetic and was nervous if it would affect her returning back to London. We were both relieved when the doctor had said it wouldnt be a problem except she would have to undergo some more tests. 'Okay, I think we're done,' I turned back to the man who grinned, 'welcome back to Britain.' Their American accents were thick. And they seemed to cringe every time one of us Londoners spoke too, it was understandable I guess, they weren't used to it. I stood up from my seat and waited around as Kylie finsihed up grasping a small green bag. 'What's that?' I asked pointing at it as we were ushered down more corridors and up an escalator. We had no idea where we going but we figured it would be better to just follow the instructions of the big army men with big guns. 'Insulin.' She said bluntly, her attention out the window. I gazed through too but the sight made me want to puke. Houses were trashed and Army men patrolled the streets. Big yellow piles of carrier bags flooded the streets and fires were burning throughout. I stepped closer and put my hand on the glass, I saw people throwing things on fires and gagged when I realised it was bodies. I looked down and took a deep breath, fighting the urge to just break down and cry. I felt a hand on my shoulder and Kylie was stood there, she was looking out the window but then looked at me and smiled gently. I couldnt smile back but continued to walk down the corridor. When we reached the end, a huge red train was in front of us. 'Move it.' Demanded a very tought looking miliatary woman. We got on board and struggled to find 2 empty seats so we could sit together, we walked up and down the aisle and then spotted 2. Opposite the brother and sister. We approached them and the older, blonde haired girl looked up at us. 'Mind if we sit there?' Kylie asked. She forced a smile and nodded. I took the seat opposite the boy and shot him a friendly smile when he looked my way. He returned it politely. 'I am Kylie by the way,' she told the girl who offered her hand and said, 'Tammy.' They shook hands and Tammy turned to look at her brother, 'this is my brother Andy.' 'Alice,' I said when she looked my way silently asking what my name was. We had a small, rather comfortable conversation, more Kylie and Tammy doing the talking when another more friendly looking army woman spoke through a microphone, gathering attention from all passengers. 'Welcome all and we hope your flight was okay, currently, we are headed for the Greenzone; our area of security and reconstruction designated as District One.' Her voice was polite and informative and me and Kylie shifted slightly so we could get a better look, I noticed Andy seemed more morbidly interested in watching the demolished city out the window. The woman paused and then continued noticing our slightly confused expressions, 'District One is located on the Isle of Dogs. Although the Isle of Dogs is completely safe, the surrounding area of London is not.' Andy gasped quietly and we turned to see what he was looking at. A house with bright bold white letters reading, 'I AM HERE' was painted on the roof of a house. A man on a ladder was spraying it off. I didnt notice many of these streets, but it never occured to me how many people were here, helpless and dead. I looked back at the woman whose tone turned softer, 'there are a large number of bodies still left to be cleared from the original outbreak of infection. Rats and dogs are prevalent; as is disease.' I took a breath, so infection was still being found? On a regular basis? Now I understood why there was so many armed military around. The infection was not completely gone. And that thought made my stomach flip and my mouth go dry. 'New arrivals are reminded for their own safety it is absolutely forbidden to cross the river and leave the security zone.' I rolled my eyes, well yes! Who would want to leave the safe area? After the sight outside that met our eyes, I wouldnt even consider it. The woman mentioned something about another 15,000 more people in the District One.. Whoa, out of like a million people who were usually walking the streets of London, you are lucky to find just a thousand in Asda. '-dramatically increased military presence.' My attention was back on the woman, I agreed with this, there were army men everywhere. And just to emphasize, we passed some sandbags with 2 heavilly armed men with a heavy piece of artillery in front of them. 'The US Army is responsible for your safety.' And death, I thought silently looking back out the window only half listening to the woman now. Helicopters were landing in the free space provided around the city. Tankers and trucks loaded with either guns or the clean up bags drove through the streets. I dont think I could ever imagine what kind of catastrophe the outbreak caused. 'Inside District One however, we believe you will pleasantly surprised,' the woman was grinning, 'we have hot and cold running water,' this seemed to catch Tammy's attention and she smiled. '...24 hour electricity, a medical centre, a supermarket and even a pub.' Chuckles errupted throughout the train and Kylie was smiling now. I looked back at Andy who was still forcing a smile. Tammy caught his upset and tried to reassure him, 'we're nearly home.' This seemed to make Andy smile more and I smiled too and leaned back on my chair. 'You think we'll have to work, Ali?' I couldnt help but laugh and shot an incredulous look at my colleague and friend, 'no, I sincerely doubt it.' The train began slowing and Army Men greeted us as I looked grimly out the windows, but then a man came into view which threw Tammy and Andy into hysterics. 'Dad, Dad!' 'That's your Dad?' I asked. Tammy beamed and nodded, grabbing Andy's hand she said, 'it's Dad! Come on.' And they ran down the aisle. Kylie giggled, it never occured to me they would have family there. Andy had mentioned his Mum, but there wasn't a woman present. 'Come on, let's go meet their dad.' She said as we all stood up to get offboard. I saw Andy and Tammy eagerly waiting by the doors and when they opened, they stepped out. Kylie ran to get them though, 'hold up, stay close.' We walked fast noticing their impatence and soon enough, Andy ran into his father's arms. Tammy close behind. 'Oh, I missed you so much.' The man said hugging his children. I looked away and around at all the people who were being reunited with friends and family. I instantly felt guilty again and a little isolated, the only person I had now was Kylie. 'Kylie Williams.' I heard Kylie introduce herself and offer her hand, the man took it smiling like an idiot. 'And this is Alice,' Andy said before I could speak, I laughed when he grinned like he was thinking the same thing I was, I shook the man's hand but his smile faltered. 'Are you okay?' I asked concerned as he looked away from me, he seemed to get over it quickly and Andy and Tammy noticed it. 'Yes, fine. I'm Don.' He said smiling again then turned back to his kids, 'I never thought I would see you again, you know that?' We said goodbye as he took them away and then me and Kylie looked at eachother, 'what was that about?' I shrugged, 'no idea. Come on, let's find our house.' And we followed in the direction Don, Tammy and Andy had gone. District One was a change of scenary after all the destruction we had seen outside the walls. More military instructed us into a hall and there we was met with fresh smelling food, I couldnt notice some though, they obviously hadnt hired a British chef. 'Ali! Over here!' Andy was waving at me frantically and I smiled and walked over as Kylie stared at the food. I sat at their table. 'Hey Andy,' I said, turning to Tammy and Don I nodded at them before saying, 'hey.' We talked more and I discovered that we were to be housed in an apartment block that Don was currently resident in too. Before long Kylie came over along with an army woman. I recognised her as the medic that had analysed Andy and she talked to us more thoroughly about our housing arrangements and the infection and reminded us again that crossing the river was forbidden. After an hour or so Scarlett, the woman, had to leave and then Don said that we could follow him to the apartment block we would be staying in. There were people who were lugging suitcases around suggesting they were as new as me and Kylie but there were people that seemed to have been living there for longer since some of them were more than familiar with everything going on. The armed men and women didnt phase them at all, the trucks constantly driving around and even the machine guns placed at near enough every street corner was just a minor detail to them. To me however, it was a huge uncomfortable presence. 'What about this place, then, Andy? Eh?' Don asked trying to make him feel some excitement. I chuckled at Andy and Tammy's faces. Beaming. I looked up and breathed, 'wow,' the apartment building was huge. And probably housed all of the current residents in District One. 'It's 25 floors. We have the penthouse up there. Believe me.' Tammy laughed and I noticed Kylie's awkwardness and hesitation. I looked back around, 'you okay?' She had stopped in her tracks, 'I dont want to be at the top.' I laughed and took her hand guiding her back to the entrance where Don, Tammy and Andy were waiting patiently, 'come on, it will be okay.' Out of all the things that were surrounding us right now, she was more terrified of living on the top floor. 'So, what do you do here Don?' I asked remembering he mentioned working here. 'What do I do? I'm a section officer. I keep the lights on, the water running, the heat running. See this? Look.' He took out an ID card and showed it to all of us, 'it says, Triple A - \"access all areas\". That's me. I basically run the place, you know.' Andy and Tammy rolled their eyes at his bragging nature and I laughed at them. 'No, you're the caretaker really, aren't you?' Tammy said curtly but jokingly. We walked into the building but the doors suddenly locked and an alarm sounded, my heart fell into my stomach and back into my throat. We turned back to look at Don, 'no, I run the place.' I calmed and let out a nervous laugh along with the others, Kylie took Andy's hand and together we went into the building. 'Floor 25, Room 5.' The receptionist told me as we asked for our room. I heard Kylie whimper a little, and turned back around, 'is there any way we could have a lower room?' The receptionist shook her head without even checking and I made a face at her before walking away, 'responsible for our safety, my ass.' 'If I commit suicide, it's on your head.' Kylie said over her shoulder at her before we ascended the stairs to the top floor. We walked in and the first thing we seen was the huge window pane opposite us. The living room was seperated from the kitchen by a single partial wall. The colour was cream and it looked spotless. Practical furniture was in the house and when we took a look at our bedrooms, 2 single bed, neatly made, were there. A box with some simple clothing and washing necessities laid on top them with a note saying, 'Welcome to your home.' I inwardly smiled but I couldnt look at Kylie as she began unpacking and throwing away any clothes she didnt like. 'You wanna have this?' Looking over, she was holding up a black long sleeved plain shirt, I shook my head and she threw it to the other side of the room. I couldnt help but notice the large window in the bedroom and instantly felt like my privacy was being invaded, I only had to walk a few steps to reach it since my bed was closest to it but there was no string to pull the curtains or blinds. A sign on the wall next to it made me cringe, 'For Safety Reasons, Please Do Not Attempt To Block Window View.' Kylie came up behind me, 'shit,' I heard her say as she read it. I smiled and fought back a chuckle, 'lucky we aint got guys because sex would be awkward.' She laughed and went back to her own bed, 'the Army have rifle men up there. They just check in. They wanna help us, Ali.' I bit the inside of my cheek in thought, turning away from the window I went back to the kitchen to explore the food. Night time approached quickly. After deciding not to go out, Kylie and I explored the rest of the apartment and discovered that Don and the kids lived just across the hall. Kylie had fell asleep earlier on as I continued watching some TV to get an update. Images of us getting off the plane made me turn it off though, we were famous for returning back to a country in ruins after a huge apocalypse. I walked into the bedroom and mentally kicked myself that I couldnt draw the curtains, so I changed in the bathroom and braced a hand on the window looking out. I couldnt see any of the said Army Rifle guys, a few lights, traffic and helicopters circling the sky sure, but no people. Looked like people tended to stay off the streets at night. Regardless if it is now a safe zone. I got into bed, switched off my lamp and slept soundly for the first time in ages. I was home, it wasnt much, but it was home.[Chapter 3] So, I will be mentioning each reviewer in every single chapter just for a reminder how important your message is to me; even if it is severe negative criticism. So, to start, thank you MusicBeeQueen, I agree with you, we do need more Doyle/OC, he is awesome =] Thank you so much also to PennyPucci, Chapter 4 is in the works all because of you! Chapter 3 I woke up first that morning, feeling like someone was watching me. Rolling over, it felt weird to see the open window just glaring at us, we might as well have been naked. Feeling the sudden urge to get out the room, I got up and glanced at the sleeping Kylie in the next bed before going to the kitchen to make a much needed cup of coffee. I wasnt long before I heard the shuffling of feet and the bedroom door open revealing a very messy looking Kylie, bed hair and all. Although, I couldn't have looked much better. 'Morning.' I said as I was huddled on the sofa, hot coffee between my hands. She grunted in acknowledgement and went over to pour herself some juice. 28 years old, she was still the kind of person who was cranky in the mornings and even more crankier if she didnt get what she wanted. Vaguely reminded my of my 13 year old sister. New teenager and a constant scowl each morning. 'I hate that damn window,' I sighed as she sat across from me in the arm chair and collapsed. Juice in hand and feet on the coffee table. She glanced at me before turning a little to look out the huge window in the living room, knowing what she was about to say I answered, 'not the point. Watching someone in their living room is something entirely different than watching someone sleep in their bedroom.' Kylie put an arm over her eyes and took another swig of juice, I was a little hurt she didnt feel like having a conversation today. So I bit my lip in frustration. Then something caught my eye and I put my mug down and approached the wide window. Still in my tank top and jogging bottoms, I stood there for the world to see, but I didnt care. Kylie looked up and said something for the first time this morning, 'Ali? What are you doing?' A helicopter was flying towards the river, no, across the river out of the safe zone. Army men were running out of the safe area too. What was going on? I squinted to get a better look but then something else caught my eye, movement on the rooftop of another building across from me. I looked that way, an army man, a very gorgeous one at that, rifle in hand was waving at me to catch my attention. Raising a brow and crossing my arms I prepared myself for the telling off, obviously staring out the window and looking for the commotion was wrong. I saw a grin on the mans face before he pointed behind me, indicating I should step away from the window. 'I think he wants you to go away.' Kylie said, her tone softer but her attention was on the helicopter and the men rushing around the streets too. 'Yeah,' I said turning slightly but keeping my gaze on the Army guy. Smirking though, he turned back around and I took Kylie's hand directing her away from the window too. Man, he was good looking. But I felt embaressed knowing he was one of the people that was watching me, every move I made in my own house. I heard Kylie sigh as we gathered clothes from the dresser and took in turns going into the bathroom to change. 'Wanna go shopping?' Kylie asked. It wasnt the typical excited invitation though, it was more like, wanna go shopping just because we have fuck all else to do? I shrugged, 'might as well.' Grabbing my bag and the apartment key card, we left. Admittedly, it was hard to shop with all the constant looks you are getting from the Military but it was okay nonetheless. The shops were just scattered around recklessly though with small garages and Army drop points seperating them. I looked at Kylie and she seemed more happier now she was in her element. Kylie loved shopping. Although we were refused when she asked if she could take all her Spanish clothes with her on the plane back to Britain. A few hours later, a lunch and a few glares at the male Army personell who sniggered when we cursed at the truck that almost knocked us over, we went back to the apartment block. But hearing someone call my name, I turned around, 'Don?' Don appeared and looked worried, 'Tammy and Andy crossed the river. They found their mother.' Say what? Was the only thing in my mind. 'She was dead?' 'Obviously not! I told them she was because... Well, because I thought she was, but they found her!' He spluttered. Kylie shifted uncomfortably and I handed her the apartment key card and our bags telling her she could carry on going on in house. 'Where are they now?' I asked concerned and slightly sympathetic towards him. He paused and took a breath, 'Uh, in quarantine, yeah in quarantine.' I nodded my head and walked behind him to see them, Don didnt follow and I figured that was for the best, he had told his children their mother had died and now they had discovered her. It was a big blow and it was understandable they were mad at him. Turning the corner for the US Army Base, I told them I was their cousin and was following another armed man into a room. Behind the glass, I saw Tammy and Andy, they looked surprised but happy to see me and I put my hand on the window, 'are you okay?' I mouthed. They both nodded and I stayed with them for a while, not much conversation could be had because they couldnt hear me and the man refused to put the intercom on. I left after a bit and returned back to the apartment, the streets were empty due to it being night time and it made me on edge. Kylie was looking out the window when I got back, she seemed happy to see me, 'Alice! There's something going on!' I rushed to the window for the second time that day and looked out as people were rushing around and helicopters circling the sky prepared to land or were preparing to fly away. 'What's going on?' I asked quietly. Glancing at her, she was shaking her head, her eyes still peering out into the darkness. 'How're Tammy and Andy?' She asked just as quietly, I swallowed, 'they're okay.' Then the lights went out and it looked like all the lights all over the city had gone out too, grasping Kylie's hand, I pulled her to me and we stayed like that until Emergency Lights flickered overhead. An alarm sounded above us and a voice told us to go to the containment zone. Leaving everything behind, we rushed out to be met with other residents in the building to be rushing out as well. We crossed the street and army men were rushing us into the base. I felt a small annoyance figuring I had only just left there moments before. It was even busier in there and it was hard to breathe let alone walk. 'Alice!' I turned around to find Scarlet holding onto Andy's and Tammy's hand. They were being pushed from all sides and me and Kylie struggled to keep put as they caught up. Andy took my hand and with me still holding Kylie's we were reunited and again, violently pushed from all sides as we descended the stairs into said Containment Area. Scarlet stopped when she reached the Army man which caused someone to fall into Kylie pushing her hand off mine and her stumbling away. 'Kylie!' I screamed reaching out but she was pushed down the hall. 'Sir, these people are with me. It's important they are kept protected. I need to get them out of here.' Scarlet hurriedly told the Army man. I was still trying to get a glimpse at where Kylie had gone but figured we could see eachother when we reached the containment area. 'It's Code Red! I cannot let you-' The man argued. Me and Andy were being aggresively pushed around and before I could hit the man, someone barged into Andy, causing him to let go and get dragged down the corridor. And guess who was attatched to Andy's another hand... That's right. Me. 'Andy!' Tammy shouted as Scarlett screamed my name too. I kept a tight grip on Andy as we were forced down the steps the opposite way from Tammy and Scarlett. 'Stay with me alright?' I told Andy. I held him tight as we descended downwards and a red light overhead illuminated on our faces. 'We will see them soon, okay? They will come get us.' I reassured Andy. I tried to find Kylie but gave up when more people tried to seperate mine and Andy's grip on eachother. I realized I needed to keep all attention on Andy and the others surrouding us at the moment. I would find her soon. We were all gathered into a huge room, which looked more like a carpark, overhearing conversation as me and Andy crawled over cars to get to the front without being pushed again. 'You think it's a drill?' A woman asked. 'Of course it's not a fucking drill. Someone saw an infected.' A very annoyed man answered. I kept hold of Andy's hand as we stopped on a hood of a car, 'you okay?' Andy asked me. I didnt have time to answer before a woman shouted, 'why are you sealing us inside?' My mouth went dry and my stomach flipped over. 'It's for your own protection.' 2 Army men stood at the door preparing to close it. Locking us in this place. Some more people tried to argue but before anything could be done, the men locked the door. I spotted an empty space at the end, I picked Andy up in my arms hugging him to me, I felt like I needed to care for him right now. I considered myself a little young to be thinking about children but in this situation and right now, a sudden motherly instinct took over when thinking about Andy's safety. Although I thought of Andy as a nephew or something like that. I fought my way through, a little more difficult than I had anticipated to the space, set Andy down and we sat down leaning against the wall. I checked him over and asked, 'are you alright?' He nodded and I breathed in relief. 'We need to find Tammy.' He sounded upset but he wasn't crying. Tough kid, I thought. I nodded and took his hand again, 'we will.' Before even the slightest bit of hope could be recognised, the lights shut off. People got their lighters out and I felt a little helpless. I wasn't a smoker, I had no need for a lighter. There was enough light to see a little though and I saw Andy looking at something very carefully beside us. Then I heard it, banging and tapping on a door beside us. I took Andy's hand and shoved him behind me as I stood back up to get a closer look. Andy stepped out and before I could stop him, he was walking towards the door. A man beside me shone a torch giving us both light to see what was behind it. I was looking at the pane of glass, the window in the door, darkness. I wasnt prepared for what happened next. A face appeared in the window and I gasped. It was quick but Andy seemed to recognise who it was because he seemed to stumble a little before retreating slowly backwards. I met him halfway and hugged him to me as whoever was behind that door opened it. I was breathing heavy and Andy's heartbeat was 100mph. The man stood there in the doorway and my eyes widened in recognition, Don. His eyes were red, blood everywhere on his face and his shirt torn. He was snarling and stood in a predatory stance. I held my breath and stared at him. So, this was what a zombie looked like. But now seeing it in the flesh was a lot more scarier than reading about it in the newspaper or seeing an image on the TV. I gripped Andy tightly but dragged him along behind me as we ran. I heard pounded footsteps behind me but then someone fall to the ground, I remembered the man. The man with the torch. He was most likely dead. I felt a pang in my chest and then I stopped. There was silence, but then someone yelled. Don was infecting more people but still, I stopped. People were rushing around but I ignored them all. Andy was pulling at my sleeve desperately, but still, I ignored him. All I could think was: Kylie. Where had she gone? I looked around panicking, I couldn't see her, or the pink shirt she was wearing today. It was too dark and more people were running around. 'Please!' Andy screamed. I looked down at him and nodded, blinking back tears. I was going to leave my best friend behind. We scampered over cars and then Andy dragged me towards another one and gestured up. A vent. I hauled Andy up and lifted myself up after, taking one last long look around, I gave up. Kylie was dead now. Or I had to think that to comfort me a little. I had just left her behind, leaving her just to save myself. No, I mentally shook my head, I had saved Andy. I couldnt hear her voice, her scream, anything. What I did hear was the doors open. They were getting out, Kylie might survive, but then again, the infected were getting out too. And it was only a matter of time before the US Army gave up and ran away leaving everyone to eat everyone else. Andy and I sat there for a while just catching our breath, silent tears running down my cheeks. I took a breath and gently pushed Andy towards the exit. 'Move.' I whispered. He began crawling and I went after him, we were quick but didnt cause too much of a ruckus. As we were approaching more and more through the vent gun shots could be heard. I could only think, I hope the US really DO have this under control. Okay, so, 1) Yes I do understand the wife's name is Alice which is exactly why I made Don a little weird during the introductions, it hasn't been mentioned yet but I thought I might as well just point it out to save your guys' time. 2) What do you think of Alice? 3) I won't be uploading chapter 4 until I get a review. MusicBeeQueen reviewed to get you guys chapter 2, had to review to get you chapter 3. So save our time, review for chapter 4. 4) Yes the man that told Ali to go back was Doyle. 5) Goodbye.. =] Later guys. :-) ~ Noxin[Chapter 4] So, thank you so much with all my heart to MusicBeeQueen and PennyPucci for reviewing so far. Go thank them and check them out too, they're pretty awesome =] So, this chapter is dedicated to Penny Pucci again for reviewing once again and earning this chapter for everyone else. Thank you! I need another review if you want Chapter 5! Chapter 4 It felt like ages crawling through the vent. It probably wasn't, but hey, all I could hear was gun shots and screaming. I WANTED it to be ages. Andy was breathing heavy and I tapped his back and he stopped, turning, I said to him, 'hey, we will find Tammy. Okay? We will.' My voice sounded a lot calmer than I felt but I was quite glad for that because Andy's face turned into a small smile and he whispered, 'thank you.' I returned his smile and then gently pushed him again. 'Come on, let's go.' We came to a standstill and Andy stood up, lifting the lid off the exit in the process, he stepped out and the gun shots and screaming was louder. I stood up after and put my hand to my mouth, what the fuck was going on? People were screaming everywhere, running all over the pavement, Army men frantically shooting but not enough, there was still infected everywhere. I stepped out of the vent and grabbed Andy, I hugged him to me, scared to move. Tears were falling down my cheeks, moistening them again and more dead bodies dropped around us. I looked around and saw people getting shot, innocent people, they were shooting everyone! I wrapped myself around Andy sheilding his eyes as much as possible, what an invitation for such nightmares. 'Ali, I want to see!' I shook him a little and kept switching my attention to all around us, 'no.' I said monotone like. I stood up straight and looked around, where do I go? I was sobbing now, I looked a mess but seriously, I couldn't care. I was scared, for Andy and for myself. A strange sense of deja vu came over me when panicked people began crashing into us again, I tried to dodge as many as I could but there was so many. I heard shouting, 'Guys! Over here! Girl! Kid! Over here!' Looking around, I couldn't see anyone, and I thought I was imagining it, I paid the price for losing my attention on my surroundings though when a man, covered in blood ran up to us. I screamed and Andy hugged me tighter. Before anything could process in my mind, something cold flew onto mine and Andy's clothes and the zombie guy in front of us was on the ground. I looked up at the rooftop and saw that gorgeous Army man again. I only glanced at him, I didnt smile or anything, I just ran. Ran in any direction. Luck must have been on my side because I saw the shouter and ran at him. We rushed through the door and into the warehouse. Locking the door behind us, the man turned around and grimaced. I was breathing hard, still sobbing and I didnt have time or the energy for introductions right now. Instead I looked down at Andy who was still clutching me, 'you okay? Andy!' He loosened his grip and stared at me, those different coloured eyes looking so sad, 'yeah. Where's Tammy?' I shook my head and felt bad, 'I dont know, let's see whose here.' Noticing some other people who the man had saved too. Taking his hand, we walked silently and carefully around the boxes and through the aisles. Gunshots still echoing outside and still causing me to wince or jump when a bullet hit off the building or a scream could be heard outside. We walked and then 3 figures were sitting sadly, caught our attention. 'Tam?' Andy said. I looked closer, yeah it was Tammy and Scartlet. Tammy looked up like she couldnt even recognise him but then she jumped up and hugged him silently. I saw Scarlet behind me and she gestured me over, 'thank you for saving him.' I swallowed but shrugged, 'it was all him. If he wasnt-' 'Alice?' I turned at the voice to the figure behind Scarlet. Kylie! I gasped and then beamed, I was on the verge of tears, I ran at her and hugged her. 'Kylie! How did you get out?' She pulled away from me, her blonde hair in disarray and her blue eyes looked tired. Im sure, my hair was exactly the same. 'I got forced down the steps but I fell and the Army men had to take me out.' She looked down at her leg, I did the same and winced. It was wrapped, rather hurriedly in a cast. 'Is it-?' She nodded sadly, 'yeah. Broken. Looks like I wont be much help for you guys.' 'No way. We're waiting here until help comes.' Tammy said from behind me. We looked looked at her. I thought that was a pretty damn good idea. Scarlet wasn't around anymore so we couldn't ask her what was going to happen now. I looked back at Kylie and looked her up and down, I intentionally avoided her broken leg, she was right. If we had to run, she would fall behind and potentionally endanger us all. She seemed to understand and grabbed my arm forcing my eyes back at her face, they were glistening with threatening tears once again. I was crying too much in one day, I thought. 'Ali, I understand. It's okay.' She smiled but it didn't reach her eyes and I helped her back into a sitting position. I looked at Andy and Tammy, they were sitting as well, Andy had just finished whispering something to Tammy. She looked at me as if asking if what he had just said was true. I shot her and Andy a confused look and Andy said, 'Dad. He's one of them.' Looking back at Tammy who was looking at me with such desperation for me to tell her it wasn't true, I closed my eyes and looked down. That was all she needed to understand. I decided to leave them alone and walked to the doors where Scarlet was talking to some people, I caught the last part. '-if containment fails, step 3; extermination. Now they wont stop until everyone is dead.' I think my heart just died- Right there. And thinking back I realized, the US Army NEVER had this under control, their back up plan was to shoot everyone! They couldnt stop and think and converse with eachother and no one had the balls to stand up and say, 'hey this is a shit back up plan!'? I was angry, really angry. The man that had called us over looked frightened and looked back out the window, I was glaring at Scarlet. I know it wasn't her fault. But she had a pretty head on those shoulders she must be smart. Smart people do smart things, don't they? A smart thing would be to tell their Corporal that they suck ass at containing dangerous and life threatening outbreaks like this. 'So, what do we do?' The man asked. He turned to face us, 'I mean I'm not waiting around here to get exterminated. We need to get out of here.' He finished, but I wasn't listening. I looked down at the floor, and calmed a little. There was nothing none of us could do now except work together. I walked to stand beside Scarlet who looked just as traumatised as everyone else here, 'are you alright?' She looked at me and looked back at the window, nodding she said, 'yeah.' 'If we take one step out that door, if the infected don't get us,' Another man said, 'the snipers will.' That was true, they were shooting everyone now. 'Well you dont have a choice, my friend.' That was a voice I didnt recognise, would it be weird to say it was a hot voice? We all turned around to see who was speaking, but it was too dark out there to see anyone, he kept talking anyway, 'Right now it's dark out there. The snipers can see you through their night scopes, but at least you have some cover from the infected.' The man was walking towards us, he was walking and talking very calmly and a strange sense of recognition came over when he walked out of the shadows. He was a Rifle dude, THE rifle dude on the rooftop. The one I had seen out of the window in my apartment and the one that had saved mine and Andy's life. Up close, oh yes, he was gorgeous. He was in full Army attire, armed with a huge gun. His hazel eyes were looking at me, 'but you know if you wanna wait until sun up, then you're as good as dead.' I stared at him and swallowed, him looking at me like that made my stomach twitch, turn upside down, swirled it and then put it back into it's original place but all screwed up. Scarlet stepped forward professionally, 'who are you?' He looked at her briefly, 'Sergeant Doyle. Delta rooftop unit.' 'Why aren't you at your post?' Scarlet asked puzzled. I looked at her like she was crazy, hot guy with a gun wants to fucking help us lady! What have you got? No balls, that's what! He looked at her for a moment, 'why aren't you?' Scarlet didn't say anything, and then I thought I would check on Andy, Tammy and Kylie. I walked past Scarlet, and then past Doyle. I knew he was looking at me but I purposefully avoided his gaze and continued walking. When I reached them, Andy and Tammy were talking and Kylie was resting, she smiled when she saw me. I swallowed, 'Kylie-' 'No need,' she said raising her hand and stopping me in my tracks, 'I know. You guys have to go. I will be okay.' Her voice cracked though at the last part and I ran to her and hugged her. 'You're my best friend.' I felt her nod and then we pulled away, 'same here.' I made her comfortable and turned away from her. Before I had to a chance to say anything to Andy or Tammy, I heard Doyle say, '-I'm gonna get the fuck outta here.' He started walking away, he passed this aisle and looked at all of us for a moment, his gaze landed on Kylie and her broken leg and he frowned, I scowled. 'She's got a broken leg, she's not dying.' I said to him curtly. He looked at me and from looking into my eyes he knew I knew we had to leave her. 'You coming?' He asked all of us. We nodded and casting one last look at Kylie, I followed behind Andy and Tammy who were right behind Doyle out of the warehouse. Once again, I had left my best friend behind. Okay! So, yeah, thank PennyPucci for this chapter.. I need another review for Chapter 5 and hopefully you guys will because now it is getting more interesting! How do you think the meeting went between Alice and Doyle? And how did you like that rather sad surprise of Kylie? I felt a little mean making her have a bad leg and all and Alice one again having to lose her best friend and leave her behind but I think adding another character in would make it a little more like a group of hippies. This is a survival group here, people. Oh, disclaimer :: Although I would give my right arm to have Jeremy Renner/Doyle, the only person/People I own was Kylie and now Alice. I own nothing. Review Review Review. And thank you to everyone who has so far! ~ Noxin[Chapter 5] Okay, thank you to PennyPucci again! My favourite reviewer for reviewing again and earning this chapter for everyone else. Thank you so far to MusicBeeQueen and PennyPucci for reviewing! To PennyPucci: Good idea, I was thinking of including that coward Sam dude a little more, before he dies of course! Oops, spoiler. But yeah, I dont know. Or make Scarlet a little more flirty with Doyle, but I like Scarlet's character and don't wanna bash her. Lol, thank you for reviewing again by the way, I hope you don't think that you HAVE to review even though I really appreciate and love reading your opinions. =D You earned this chapter, I will have Chapter 6 written tomorrow, and after another review, it will be uploaded tomorrow. -Thumbs up and big smile! - Chapter 5 I was behind Tammy who was behind Andy who was behind Doyle, he kicked the warehouse back door open and scanned it with his gun. Satisfied, he glanced at us, 'alright, come on.' We walked quickly in a single file line close to the wall. Planes could be heard overhead. I felt so awful leaving Kylie in there, but if she came, she would a danger to all of us. 'Less shooting.' I said. 'Maybe they have it under control.' Scarlett said. 'Or there are less shooters.' Doyle put in stampeding on our optimism. At the end of the wall, Doyle turned and crouched to Andy's level, he told me and Tammy to crouch as well so we could listen in, 'all right listen. I need you guys to look at me and only me, okay?' I stood up, this was for children, I swear, I didn't need this Pep talk. Doyle glanced at me and sighed, he finished talking to Tammy and Andy, 'you run when I run. Be my shadow. That's it, alright?' He stood up again and looked at me, 'you stubborn?' Narrowing my eyes I glared at him, for someone so gorgeous, he was getting under my skin, 'no.' He looked at me then, and I rolled my eyes, 'fine, okay. Ill be your shadow. Got it.' He smiled a little and then looked at Scarlet, 'get around back.' Looking at the other ginger man he said, 'watch her.' And pointed at me. Turning back around, he pointed his gun forward and glanced back at us, 'ready? Let's go.' We were walking again, half running and half walking, you know the kind of walking you do in a mall or a shop where you see the thing you want, but there is only one left and you have to subtly walk quickly to get it first before someone else otherwise you look like a right twat. Yeah, that kind of walking. We stayed close to the walls, following in a single line. We ran when Doyle ran and stayed close. We came to corner with apartment buildings at the end, Doyle glanced up and checked it out. 'Stay.' He whispered to us and then ran ahead. He got to an opening in a wall and turned back around, we waited for his signal. It was dark. Really dark. Then Doyle leaned out and gestured us to run, we did, sticking close to the wall. I kept looking ahead, the back of Tammy's head, anything in front of me. I couldnt look around, I didn't want to see any infected and scream and draw attention. I didn't want to be a burden. Before we reached Doyle, he was talking into a radio and facing the apartments, gun loaded. We got there, I was opposite Doyle, beside Andy. He faced us again but his attention was on the person the other side of the radio.'We already got some serious shit.' Hell yes we do. I was breathing heavy, I was tired, sad, hungry and wanted to sit down. Then Doyle looked serious and a little nervous, 'that was fast.' What was fast? I thought, I was looking at him intently. What the fuck was fast? Are we being saved? He looked at all of us, his heavy gaze stopping longer on me and then checked his watch, 'how long we got?' Andy grabbed my hand and squeezed it, I did the same, that little bit of affection made me smile a little. Doyle stood up straight again, 'I'll be back in touch.' Looking at us again he explained, 'look guys, we gotta run. Just stay low and stay fast, okay?' We nodded our heads, 'after me. Let's go.' He ran out and we all followed. We ran as fast as we could, my knees felt like jelly and I thought I was going to collapse. Me and Tammy were holding on to Andy helping him run that much faster, Doyle stayed close to me and the others were behind. Then, something happened so fast, I didnt believe it until the big black dude fell on the floor and the hiss of a bullet passed my ear. I gasped as Scarlet yelled, 'snipers! Get down! Snipers!' Doyle grabbed onto my arm tight and I winced dragging Andy along with me, he was shouting, 'Back! Back! Back!' Scarlet grabbed Tammy and took Andy and ran, Doyle was still holding onto me so I couldnt go and I felt like screaming or crying. 'Get down!' Everyone was yelling and 2 more people fell to the floor, the woman was one of them. I didn't know her, but something like this made me feel I should have taken the time to get to know her. We went back to the opening in the wall and the sniper shot again, catching Scarlet's leg. She cried out and Doyle prepared a Med Kit. 'It's okay, it's just a flesh wound.' She said applying it to her leg. We stood there in silence for a minute catching our breath, I was subconciously rubbing my arm where Doyle had grabbed me and he noticed, 'oh hey, I'm sorry.' I looked at him and looked away, 'it's okay.' He looked at me again contemplating something, 'what's your name?' 'Alice.' I said not looking at him, looking at Scarlet. Still, looking at Scarlet, she tried to put some pressure on her leg and cried out again, she was unable to walk. I felt enraged now. I had did the right thing and left Kylie behind because her leg was broken, she couldn't walk. Scarlet cannot walk on this leg and yet nobody is saying anything. I decided to step in and although Scarlet had become a friend, I felt like everyone needed to know, 'that's bullshit.' Scarlet looked up and Doyle snapped his head to me, 'what is?' 'Her.' I pointed at Scarlet rudely, 'she can't walk on that leg. She will slow us down.' Scarlet looked down at her leg guiltily and Doyle sighed, 'leave no man behind.' He said dismissing me. He put a mirror to see around the corner but it got shot out of his hand, I pulled him back by his collar and he stared at me surprised, 'no! I left my best friend behind because me and her both knew she would slow us down! How come she get's to come with us?' Someone tugged on my sleeve and I saw Andy, he looked up at me trying to calm me. It worked but I wasn't going to apologise. This was all bullshit, and I wouldnt be surprised if Scarlet kinda hated me now. And Doyle. 'You did the right thing.' Doyle said suddenly, calmly, 'you did. A broken leg and a flesh wound is two different things.' I turned away from him, tears burning as I tried to hold them back. I leaned against the wall next to the ginger man as Doyle turned his attention back to the sniper, 'he's a panicker, no marksman.' Doyle stood up straight and went over the the ginger man, he didnt look at me and I didn't blame him. I made an ass out of myself, but hey, I was mad. It was allowed. 'What's your name?' He asked the ginger man. 'Sam,' he said, he was crying but that wasn't what I was focusing on. My attention was on the fact Doyle was so close to me I could feel his body heat. Our hips were touching and our hands kept brushing against eachothers. He didnt seem to notice as he continued, 'Hi Sam, okay Sam. Come here. Get closer. Do you see that doorway?' He pointed right across the street. He held Sam's head so he could see and pointed in gestures with his other as he explained the next part, 'I need you to run as fast as you can in a zig zag. Like this, okay?' He made a zig zag gesture with his hand and I watched Sam's face who was already shaking his head. 'Don't stop for anything.' Sam sobbed, 'do you want me to be bait?' 'He'll miss.' I said trying to calm him, I put a hand on his shoulder and felt Doyle tense when I did although he finished for me, 'she's right. He'll take shots at you but he will miss. He will expose his position. Means I get a shot at him. I wont miss.' That speech was enough to convince anyone but Sam was still reluctant. Andy however was struggling against Tammy's arms. 'You're out of your fucking mind.' Sam said insultingly. Doyle got angry now and shoved him against the wall, 'in 2 minutes. We're all gonna die. You want that?' I heard Tammy scream as her face hit the floor, Andy had ran. I screamed. And then everything happened in slow motion, Andy had fell. Shots were bolting all around him and one more second on that floor, helpless, he would be hit. Tammy was struggling, I was breathing heavy and suddenly I was running out there too. I ran until I reached Andy, grabbed his hand, forcing him up. As soon as he was running alongside me, slow motion ended. Is that an adrenaline rush? Andy and I got to the doorway, both exhausted, both scared and both holding eachothers hands. We were there for a minute, and then Andy gasped, I looked around and saw Don. Standing there, menacingly. I didnt get a chance to react before Doyle was in my face and grabbing my arm again. Tammy and Scarlet hugged Andy and Doyle put his hand on my cheek, tingling fire. And I wanted it to last, it didnt when he removed it almost suddenly and asked, 'you okay?' I nodded, not trusting my own voice, my stomach doing that screwed up upside down dance again and he smiled. 'Come on, let's go.' He took my arm again, more gently and we took off running again. After a few minutes, Doyle shouted, 'the fence!' In front of us was a huge fence. Sam was hoisting Scarlet up due to her bad leg, we hadnt spoken to eachother since my outburst. Doyle was still holding me, not like I was complaining. His constant touch was my only comfort right now. He cut the barbed wire and hoisted himself up, commanding us up one at a time, I was last and when I got up, he grabbed my hand and we jumped down together. It wasn't a long fall, but enough to make my legs quiver, but then again, that was probably the fire in my hand and my entire arm due to Doyle's touch. We probably hadn't spoken more than 10 words to eachother, we probably hadn't even looked at eachother for more than 2 minutes but there was something about him that made me feel unbelievably safe. We ran and more and more airplanes and helicopters sped through the sky above us. 'They're torching it all.' Doyle explained as we ran. I looked at the ground and Doyle noticed my uncomfort, he once again, took my hand and even though I didnt look up he knew I was comfortable with it. 'The river!' He yelled as we approached the underground tunnel for the river in front of us. We rushed in, down the steps and leaned against the wall when Doyle was satisfied. We listened to the explosions. Me and Doyle were still holding hands and every time an explosion errupted throughout, I held on just a little more tighter. I looked at Tammy and Andy and smiled when they looked at me, they returned it but I knew it was forced. Mine was too. Just when we thought our lives would begin to get better and we could start again with all of the US Army's promises, reconstruction and safety, it all went to hell. It was kinda ironic, America rebuilding London for all of us and them just burning it all to the ground, killing us all in just a day. More and more explosions and I closed my eyes, sad. I couldnt believe it. Everything was so wrong. It was just so wrong. Okay, so, what did you think? Yeah, Scarlet and Alice aren't going to be as close as before, because of Kylie and her broken leg. Notice, because Kylie wouldnt have been able to walk at all, she probably would have even been able to move her other leg because of the pressure she would put on her hips, would cause pain to the other muscles in her other broken leg. A flesh wound is just like a bad cut. Disclaimer :: Go to the previous chapter.. Unless anyone actually on here DOES own Doyle, please, let me know. I will be your best friend and pay you for him. Chapter 6? Review![Chapter 6] Okay so, Chapter 6. Thank you so much to Penny Pucci for reviewing again. I hate how everyone is just leaving it up to one person to review, or is only one person actually reading this? Anywho, I love Penny Pucci, she is the only motivation I've got at the moment for this story, so please, stay in touch. Acknowledgements and thanks to MusicBeeQueen and PennyPucci for reviewing so far! Alright, so, I was thinking about making Sam fancy Alice for some competition for Doyle, or Scarlet fancy Doyle for some competition for Alice. What'cha guys think? Let me know =] Chapter 6 I was still clutching Doyle's hand, it just happened. And I knew if I let go, the safety and comfort I felt right now would disappear. None of us said a word, just listened. And prayed it would all be over after the next explosion, but those thoughts were dampered when the next explosion sounded. 'Are you okay?' I turned to face him, I nodded not trusting my own voice. He was about to say something else when suddenly, there was a sound behind him. We glanced over and Doyle shouted, 'Go! Go!' He dragged me along, we were last, but I guess that was better so we could see if anyone had fallen over. Fire was chasing us through the tunnel. Burning its way to us. I breathed heavilly as we ran, keeping an eye on Andy and Tammy and watching Sam help Scarlet run faster. We ran up the stairs with the sound of Doyle's voice next to me yelling at us to, 'Run!' Or to, 'Come on!' We reached the exit and ran a few yards on the street before it blew up behind us. We crashed to the floor, I landed first and Doyle landed second, his arm very conveniently draped over my waist protectively. I dont know what Doyle's arm being around me would have helped against a fire but knowing it was there made me smile. We all breathed in relief, exhausted and watching the flames burn the underground tunnel. I laid my head back on the pavement, it wasn't comfortable but I was too tired to move. Tammy and Andy were hugging eachother. Doyle stirred beside me and took his arm off my waist, before I could feel disappointment, his face appeared above mine, 'Alice?' I looked up at him and it seemed we both noticed how close we were. I felt awkward now. I had known him for a few hours. I placed my hand on his shoulder and pushed him gently away. I sat up silently, I saw the look of puzzlement on his face but he kept schtum. (sp?) Sam stood in front of us all then watching the flames, he sighed and looked back at me. He offered his hand and I took it gratefully. Now standing, I looked back down at Doyle who was staring at Sam beside me. I offered my hand out but he ignored it and stood up himself. I was hurt, but I knew pushing him away when he was only concerned had probably knocked his ego a little. It wasn't because I didn't like him. It was the complete opposite of that. I did like him, a lot. But in the middle of a zombie apocalypse is hardly the place to spark a relationship with a defecting US Army rifleman you have only shared about ten words with and known for about five hours. When we were all on our feet, I had noticed that Doyle had taken over helping Scarlet, she seemed glad. Sam was only a few inches shorter than Doyle but he didnt have the muscle that Doyle had picked up over years of training. We walked slowly and solemnly down the empty streets, they were dead. Quiet, and I know everyone wishes for silence now and again but when it is like this, you can't help but wish for busy traffic jams or the bustle of people. It was closing on dawn. The clouds moving in perfect harmony across the almost purple sky. Doyle and I kept our distance. Sam walked beside me. In front of us was Andy and Tammy and to the left of me and a little behind the left of Tammy was Scarlet and Doyle. Saying I wasn't jealous would be lying, sure. I was. Kinda. After him being in so close proximity to me and now he was so far away made me want him more. We reached the gate leading to the park where Doyle had promised us his helicopter driving friend, Flynn would pick us up and help us. Doyle and Scarlet walked in front then, his gaze on mine but I looked away. He opened the gate and we all passed through, I was last following Sam as Andy and Tammy took their turn to hold Scarlet. When I passed him I walked backwards a few steps just to watch him close the gate but turned back around when he turned to face us again. Looking up I saw Sam had taken over for Scarlet and Doyle decided to tag along behind with me. I looked at him for a few minutes and decided to point out the obvious. 'I hardly know you.' He didnt talk and stared right ahead, he seemed to understand though because after a moment, a long moment, he said, 'I know. But in this kind of situation we need to stick together.' I laughed under my breath, 'that doesn't mean I can get involved with Sam though, does it?' Doyle's small smile faltered and I noticed, I stopped and placed a hand on his shoulder, turning he faced me after glancing in front to clarify the others were safe. 'I don't like Sam.' I reassured him. I decided to leave it at that and stepped around him and ran a little to catch up with the others. Andy took my hand then and we walked to the park. When we got there, Doyle had taken over helping Scarlet. Sam walked off and Andy and Tammy sat on a small climbing frame. Doyle placed Scarlet on the roundabout and then arming his gun, went to check out the dark spots and I took a seat in one of the sunshine beach chairs. I was exhausted. I was still close enough to the roundabout to get in on Scarlet's observation of Doyle, 'you look a little pale.' I glanced over, he did. I looked at what and saw Scarlet rearranging her med kit on her leg. 'Blood makes me nauseous.' He said. I smiled at that, a genuine smile. 'You never answered my question.' Scarlet said again still serious. I saw Doyle sit down. None of them had noticed me looking at them yet. 'About why you left your post.' Scarlet continued. Doyle looked up at me and I kept his gaze for the first time. Scarlet noticed and sighed, Doyle tried to cover it up, 'when I got that boy in my sights.' Scarlet looked at me cautiously and I looked at Andy and Tammy, I could still hear them talking and grimaced slightly at Scarlets next question, 'don't you mean you got her in your sights?' I didnt see Doyle's expression only his small chuckle and an even smaller, 'yeah.' I heard Scarlet take a breath and decided I didn't wanna hear anymore, I stood up and went over to Andy and Tammy, I ruffled Andy's hair, 'how you two doing?' Tammy looked upset and Andy was looking at me, smiling a weak smile. Tammy spoke, 'when we got seperated. I thought I lost him too.' I looked at her, I could see the thank you in her eyes and nodded, 'you two wont get seperated again. Promise.' 'We'll stay together, whatever happens.' Andy finished. Tammy mumbled something I didnt catch and then Andy pounced on us, hugging us tightly. I yelped a little but me and Tammy burst out in laughter. After a few moments, I stood leaving them to it. I walked over to Doyle and Tammy and sat in the middle, they watched me and I sighed, on the verge of tears, I asked, 'are we all gonna die?' Doyle was about to speak but I raised my hand to stop him and turned to Scarlet, knowing she would give me an honest answer. After that little affection shown between Andy and Tammy, I would give my life to save them. Honestly. Scarlet nodded in the direction of Andy and Tammy, 'their mother had very special blood.' Doyle leaned a little closer to hear this conversation too which mean his shoulder was pressed against my back. Scarlet noticed but she continued anyway. 'A natrual kind of immunity to the virus.' She paused, 'not all genetic traits are passed on, you know. They could skip a generation or vanish altogether, but...' I processed this in, my biology back in High School was a little rusty and the very impressive 'D' on my exam was a lot to prove it. But I got it. And before I could say what Scarlet had been getting at, Doyle did it for me. 'But they might have it.' Scarlet nodded, 'it's a possibility. In answer to your question Alice, their lives are far more valuable than mine. Or yours.' She turned to Doyle, 'or yours.' I nodded and swallowed, I know I had already said that I would give my life to save them, more than ever now they might be have the World Salvation in their blood but you can never really get used to the fact of someone telling you you're expendable. Or someone's life is more valuable than your own. 'I got it.' I said, glad my voice didnt crack with the tears wanting to fall. Doyle nodded, his hair brushing against the back of my neck sending shivers, 'me too.' His radio burst out then with a male voice, 'Doyle!' He stood up and walked away, I couldn't hear what was being said and I felt awkward here with Scarlet. She was watching Doyle with such intensity then turned to me, 'this is a bad idea, you know.' I knew what she was getting at, how close Doyle and I were getting. I nodded anyway but didnt say a word, just waited for news from Doyle. Suddenly he looked around frantically, then called, 'kids, come on.' I called Sam over as Doyle took Scarlet and we all gathered in the middle of the field, waiting for the helicopter to arrive. Then we saw it. We all saw it and my heart skipped a beat, but not in the romantic, fairytale, kind, no way! What had made my throat close up and my stomach fall out my ass was the long line of infected about 80 feet away. They didnt look like they could see us. Doyle handed Scarlet over to Sam and instructed us to get down. We crouched in the grass, Doyle's gun aimed and subconciously, but even though I wanted to too, I put my arm around his and hugged myself to him. He seemed to respond nice because he wrapped his free arm around my waist and we crawled slowly through the grass, our bodies squished together. We could hear the helicopter overhead. Pushing a piece of overgrown grass aside, we saw them looking at us and then we saw the helicopter in the sky. I sighed in relief. It flew overhead us and blew the grass around us into a frenzy, I buried my face in Doyle's chest, he was warm. I felt hypocritical, but after someone had just told me that I might not get through this, I had to protect someone else and die for someone else, I figured I might as well make the most out of the few more hours I might live. Doyle then squeezed me for a minute and then stood up and ran towards the helicopter. We sat up and watched the man in the helicopter shout at Doyle. Was he refusing to take us along? Suddenly, I saw something move fast from the corner of my eye and then Sam was running at the helicopter, screaming, 'get me outta here!' It was causing a commotion and any longer the infected would see us. I ran at Sam and gripped onto him, pulling him with all my strength. I felt my feet lift off the floor and figured that Flynn was flying, I felt someone yell and then someone grab my waist. I was being pulled down and with the added strength, Sam fell too. I let out a scream and then a cry of pain when I landed on something soft, but then Sam crashed onto me. I pushed Sam off violently. He was sobbing again and moaning in pain. I rolled over to get off and saw Doyle lying on his back groaning, 'oh my god, are you okay?' I gripped his cheek and looked down at him, 'are you alright? Doyle?' He opened his eyes and grinned. But before anything else happy could happen, we looked up and saw infected running at us. It wouldnt take them long to reach us. Me and Doyle went back to Sam, Tammy, Andy and Scarlet as Flynn was still hovering the helicopter, he was refusing to take us along but wanted his best friend to get on the helicopter and leave us behind. 'Flynn, we're gonna fucking die down here, do something!' Doyle shouted in his radio. We then saw the helicopter dip and the propellers hit a vast amount of infected. He missed some though and were still running at us. Doyle grabbed my hand and Sam took Scarlet, Andy and Tammy ran ahead, 'let's go! Run! Move it!' I heard Andy yell and let go of Doyle's hand, and ran up to Andy, clutching his hand, we ran. And with the extra force, he ran faster too. Tammy seemed to be doing okay and ran alone, Doyle disappointed I had left him took over Scarlet from Sam. We ran with full speed, but then I glanced behind me, Doyle shouted at me before I could get a good look, 'Ali, dont you dare look back! Keep going!' I turned back around and said, 'come on Andy.' A few more moments and Scarlet was passed onto me and Andy, we helped her struggle through and we heard gunshots. Doyle was trying to keep those who were closing in off our backs. Doyle took Scarlet off us once more and ran ahead with Sam and Tammy. We reached the end of the gates and Andy fell, I went down with him and gasped as more zombies came through the gates running towards Andy and me. Tammy screamed but Doyle was fast to act and shot the remaining few... Oooh, cliff hanger. Chapter 7 is being written later today. Once I get another review, you will get it. Comprende? ~ Noxin[Chapter 7] You need to thank MusicBeeQueen for reviewing to get this chapter out the same day as I posted Chapter 6! I will be writing Chapter 8 tomorrow, but don't stop reviewing. MusicBeeQueen: You made my day today, I came home, ill, and I saw my e-mail and review alert and read yours and it turned my frown upside down! Thank you so much! PennyPucci: Thank you so much for reviewing too! I really love you both, you 2 are my motivation for going ahead with this story. Give yourselves a cookie or two. =] So, yeah, as you may have noticed, or you should have in the last chapter, Sam didn't fall off the helicopter and die, oh, no, his character will live on, for a while. I have the plot in my head, actually there is hardly a plot but I need Sam alive for the moment. Anyway, read on and I hope you enjoy. Chapter 7 I shielded Andy as we still cowered on the floor as bullets flew across our heads. Doyle put the gun down and spoke into his radio about meeting in a stadium. Andy looked scared but he must have been braver than me because I was on the verge of tears, again. I took his face in my hands, 'are you okay?' He nodded and then Doyle was in front of us. 'Hey, you guys okay?' We nodded and he continued, 'yeah?' His hand brushed my cheek for a second and then he turned to Andy. 'I bet you're tired, huh?' Andy nodded and I chuckled along with Doyle when he admitted he was scared too. He turned to look at me briefly and then back at Andy, 'I need you to help me, okay? Help me with your sister. You got that?' I looked over at Tammy who looked out of her head. She was wildly looking at everything around us and I watched Scarlet struggle to get up. Then Sam's hand appeared in front of my face. Looking at Doyle who was inches away from me and was looking at his hand and then me wondering what I was going to do. Then we heard hissing and looking behind Sam, I saw hordes of infected running at us. At the moment, I didn't care whose hand I took and neither did Doyle as he grabbed Andy and I grabbed Sam and we ran as Doyle yelled, 'Go, go, go, go, go!' I watched Andy and Tammy run ahead and Doyle help Scarlet, I let go of Sam's hand as soon as I was running. I liked Sam, but I didn't like him like him, you know? Like I liked Doyle. Running in front with Tammy and Andy, I didn't see the shots but heard them instead. Glancing back, Doyle had turned around and shot a few down. But that wasn't enough and chances are he hasn't got enough ammo to take them all down. We ran, panting through the empty streets. Houses that were ruined surrounded us. Andy was running alongside me as Tammy ran a few centiremetres ahead. Scarlet and Doyle ran behind me and Andy and Sam was last. I couldn't believe it was happening, I mean, if somebody had told me the day before yesterday I would be running for my life down previously infected hording streets away from a zombie holocaust, I would laugh at them and then ignore them until they admitted recovery in a psychiatric ward. It was hard not to believe in zombies now, even before the outbreak again, it was all over the news while me and Kylie were in Spain. Of course I believed, but I didn't find myself exactly 'survivor' type. Then something made Tammy stop and I grabbed Andy's hand stopping him too when I saw the mass of smoke enveloping the streets. 'Gas! Get back!' Scarlet yelled. I gasped and turned around I saw a car, 'the car!' Doyle glanced at me and then the empty car that stood in the room, he seemed to consider for half a second then shouted, 'the car! Get in the car!' We piled in panicking at infected and gas drew close. Whoa, they really wanted us dead, didn't they? Doyle got in the drivers side and Scarlet (obviously) got in the passengers side. Andy, Tammy, me and Sam piled into the back in that order. It was tight but Andy was small so he was basically on Tammy's lap. She hugged him to her as everyone locked their doors on their side. Worry was evident in all of our faces. Then just as I was leaning over to hit the lock on our side after Sam was Doyle to get the vents, a massive SMACK sounded on the window. The scream that came from my lips sounded foriegn, because in all the ordeals we have faced in the past 2 days, I have never been so scared. Hearing something, is different than seeing something. You can see a rat but it isn't until it makes that familiar, dreaded squeak that you are running for the hills. That was exactly what happened, even though I have seen about a thousand infected, some in close proximity to me, it wasn't until they hit that window that I realized they were actually out there. I fell back but Sam caught my waist and Doyle looked back to see or position. I recovered quickly after seeing an expression on his face I didn't recognise and sat on my own space and made sure Sam kept his hands to himself. Sam seemed to have realized, no, he MUST realize I don't feel the same about him, right? And looking up and seeing the disappointment in his eyes, I knew then, he did. Infected were smashing their own bodies against the car and I grabbed my black longsleeved shirt sleeve and yanked it down to cover my whole arm and then placed it to my mouth and nose, breathing in the scent of blood, sweat and dirt. Everyone else did the same except Doyle who had some special bandana thing attached to his army suit that covered half of his face. Assassins Creed all over again. Tammy and Andy were screaming and Sam was yelling along with me as zombies spilt blood from their hands, their mouths, their chests anything that was bloody, they smeared it all over the windows. It was happening in a blur and it wasn't until everything suddenly went quiet as the zombies bodies fell to the floor due to the gas that I realized, I was holding Doyle's hand. My arm outstretched through the middle of the two front seats to reach his hand, which meant, I had leaned over to grasp his hand, not the other way around. But noticing we were still holding hands, I realized he hadn't let go either. Looking at eachother and then back at our hands, we broke apart and I quickly looked at Sam to see if he'd noticed. He was looking away, his jaw clenched. It wouldnt surprise me if he was mad at me too now along with Scarlet, I wasn't popular among here, was I? We were all breathing hard. And Andy was on top of Tammy's lap now literally clutching the both of us. I didn't complain, I was holding them now as much as they were holding me. Doyle placed his foot down on the gas and turned the ignition. Scarlet looked at him, 'it wont start.' He looked at her, 'it's gonna be fine alright?' He was losing impatience as he tried again but the engine made the same splutter and then died. Looking up at the rearview mirror, I narrowed my eyes in confusion, leaning right over so my breath was tickling the back of Doyle's neck, I pointed at it. 'What, the fuck, are they?' He and Scarlet looked up at what I was pointing at and then out the back window to get a better look, I made a note of myself to back away when Doyle's head had turned around otherwise that would have been one awkward kiss. Sam looked back as well but I told Tammy and Andy to keep looking at me. There was about five men outside, plaid in black gas suits each armed with huge flamethrowers. Looking back at Doyle, he looked back at me, we both knew, they weren't going to put down their fire weilding weapons and ask us if we were all okay and take us back to some safe base. No. They were going to incinerate us all. 'Scarlet, lean over, put your foot on the clutch.' She looked at him weirdly and so did I. What was he doing? Doyle leaned as close to the door as he could, giving Scarlet room to swing her leg over, and me being the jealous bitch I am, noticed how close their thighs were. 'All right. You pop the clutch when I tell you, okay? Then you put yourself in this seat and you take them to the stadium. Okay?' She looked at him like he was crazy and my entire world fell down as I realized what he was saying. I put my hand on his arm. He didn't even look at me. He was staring at Scarlet. 'No,' I told him. He still didnt look at me and I saw him look away when I saw tears brewing in his eyes. 'Doyle, please.' I said. But I didn't say. I was sobbing it. I was crying. And when Doyle heard it, he finally looked at me. Getting as close as I could to him as possible through the two front seats, not caring if my ass was sticking in Scarlet's face, and I hugged him to me. I heard him gasp but he threw his arms around my waist and he put his face in my hair. 'Please, don't do this.' 'Ill meet you there.' He said a weak attempt at making me feel better. I knew it was to reassure Tammy and Andy more than me. I held on longer and I guess, longer was all it took because the next thing I know, someone opened the door and closed it in less than a second and I heard Tammy yell, 'Sam!' Letting go of Doyle and turning around I saw the empty space next to me and a small trail of gas that had leaked in. Andy was squatting it until it disappeared into the oxygen. 'Sam!' I yelled when I saw his figure appear behind the car. He wasn't a huge guy. But it seemed he was enough because after a few moments, some longer than the last as I waited for what was going to happen. The car started to move. Doyle was cursing loudly, loud enough for a 12 year old boy to hear but we were all concerntrating on Sam. He did something brave. And I smiled, he would never die in vain. He saved our lives. I started to cry though, more silent tears trailing down my face and I slid down the seat. I couldn't watch him die. I liked him and respected him too much for that. All that happened next was the sound of him yell and Doyle pull the clutch, as then the sound of an ear piercing scream as Sam died. But the car was moving, we were driving. Scarlet looked over at me and it was a sort of glare, but when she saw my teary face, her eyes softened and she looked away. Thinking back to the time when Doyle had asked Sam to be bait and Andy had took over, I felt that my attraction to Doyle was all that was needed to give Sam that push of courage. I would never forget Sam. Never. Until the day I die, I will remember him as the bravest man in the world. Ooh, Sam died. Sorry =[ But yeah, I will be writing Chapter 8 tomorrow to get it to you guys tomorrow if you review =][Chapter 8] Chapter 8! Whooo! Sorry, I am celebrating when a lot of you are just like, -.- you made Sam die. I know, yes I did, but I thought his character was alright in the movie and thought he deserved a little send off doing the right thing and protecting someone he liked; Alice. THAT and also, Doyle had to live and we couldn't have Scarlet push the damn truck could we? Thank you to Penny Pucci for reviewing and earning this chapter for everyone. And everyone go give her a good ol' message too, well done for getting your wisdom teeth out! And I a glad my story made you feel better. I need your advice on something; read the bottom for more details. (Y) Acknowledgements and Thanks to MusicBeeQueen and PennyPucci for reviewing and being there with me through this, every step of the way. Chapter 8 We were driving. Through the streets but it wasn't a happy atmosphere in the car, it was a constant reminder on who should be alive. Kylie, Sam, those two people back at the apartment block. Tammy and Andy's mother and father. They all should be alive. As Doyle drove through the gas we were finally able to remove our somewhat masks which entailed of our sleeves, except for Doyle who had that bandana thing finally removed from the lower part of his face. He kept glancing at me in the rearview mirror and it was rare that I looked up to catch his eye, I just sat silent with Andy and Tammy in the back, a blank expression on my face. I couldn't feel anything. I felt numb. And I needed something to rescue me from this feeling. We were finally out of a cloud of gas but we quickly approached another, I leaned up to get a better look but when Doyle quickly swerved to get into a side street, I was fast to react to hug myself to his seat, my hands digging into his shoulders. Andy and Tammy were holding onto Scarlet's seat and eachother. Doyle didn't seem to mind, or he didn't feel me because he continued to speed through the streets. 'Fuck,' Scarlet cursed in a whisper and Doyle was forced to turn into side street after side street to avoid the gas. Then, the familiar sound of a chopper overhead brought us out of our trance. But it wasn't as friendly as Flynn's helicopter because when the also familiar sound of gunshots sounded around us, we panicked. Or, I panicked anyway. Scarlet turned around and told us to keep our heads down. The bullets were showering over us, barely missing us and catching the road in a frenzy of cracked concrete and smoke. I reluctantly let go of Doyle and slid down the backseat, me and Tammy had our hands protectively over Andy. It was instinct now to keep him safe. Doyle swerved and braked and skidded down the road to miss the bullets. It seemed to be working but the gunshots were hissing meaning they were close and we knew a couple of shots in the back window, one of us could be dead. Just then, when the gunshots had stopped for a moment, I looked up and saw where we were going. An underground subway. It would give us shelter from the shots, but there was one small problem. It was pitch black down there as the car lifted slightly as Doyle drove down the steps. A few more corners later, he killed the engine. Scarlet turned, 'come on let's go.' Andy and Tammy went out their way and I got out the other bringing me face to face with Doyle who was just getting out the drivers side door. I grabbed his hand and he looked up at me finally noticing I was there, he looked surprised but then smiled at me weakly. That weak smile was all I needed though to step forward. He stepped forward as well breaking the distance and I flung myself into his arms. My arms wrapped around his neck and my face nuzzled in his neck in an embrace. Breathing heavy, he made me feel something. And for that split second of him holding me, his hand rubbing my back comfortingly, with those tingles, I no longer felt numb. We broke away at the same time. 'Ali!' I looked over Doyle's shoulder and saw Andy waiting for me. I smiled, looked back at Doyle, placed my hand on his cheek, raised on my tip toes and kissed the corner of his mouth. Then I sidestepped him and walked to Andy. And those few moments back there was what I wanted to feel my entire life. Nervousness and excitement and love all in one. I heard the car door open and close again and Doyle walked past me armed with his trusty rifle and went to help Scarlet walk. It didn't seem like she had saw our moment together, she was too busy looking around like a wild animal. We walked through, Andy on my hand and Tammy on his other, over the littered covered floors. We could see no blood, it was just small pieces of paper flooding the ground. 'Through here guys.' Scarlet said pointing to the escalators. I looked down and did a double take, down there? No fucking way! 'No way.' I said standing at the top. Scarlet shot me an annoyed look and sighed, 'we can't stay up here and any minute now people are going to come in here and shoot us all, you want that?' 'You want us to go down there in the dark with only a night vision to help us? No way. I'm sorry, but no way.' Doyle approached me then but I didn't look in his eyes, 'Alice, in a couple minutes we could all be dead. Or we can walk down there and be alive.' I swallowed and looked away from the ground and back into the lurking darkness below, I nodded once and barged my shoulder into his to walk past. I didn't mean to be rude, but I didn't see how even he thought this was a good idea. Andy was holding onto Tammy who was going first, and then Andy and then me who was holding onto Scarlet and Doyle last to tell us which direction to go. 'Hold onto the rail.' He instructed. Feeling sick and scared, I went with it. I went down fast and carefully, making sure both Scarlet and Andy kept ahold of me. We finally hit ground and Doyle stopped us, 'get over to the wall. Keep walking right until you hit it- There we go.' My shoulder hit a cold surface and I placed my hand that was entwined with Andy's on the wall to give us a little direction. There is nothing as scary as having no clue where you are going, being enveloped in darkness and knowing something at any time could jump out and attack you. Heart beating fast, we listened to Doyle who was telling us we were doing okay then suddenly, Tammy couldnt find any wall and stumbled back. 'Get back! Get back against the wall!' Doyle kinda shouted, his voice low but demand high. Andy pulled her back and we continued away from the wall to somewhere else, 'okay,' Doyle said, 'just slightly to the right Andy.' We felt another conveyor belt of an escalator as we descended down the stairs. 'Just hold the rail.' We heard Scarlet behind us. We split then. Tammy and Andy went on one side of the escalator and me and Scarlet went down the other side as Doyle stayed in the middle to tell us where to go. 'Stop! Stop! Stop right now! Ali!' I gripped the rail tightly and bit my lip from screaming, 'what?' I didnt look back at him just listened to his voice. 'Okay, walk left. You too Scarlet, follow her.' I slid my foot to the other side until he said, 'good,' and then continued walking down, Scarlet behind me. Suddenly, Tammy screamed. And I shouted out to her. 'Stop! Tammy stop! Okay, just grab hold of the railing.' I didn't know what happened, but her heavy breathing told me she was okay if not absolutely terrified. But then again, we all were. I was relying on someone to tell me where to go in the dark where bodies, most likely lay everywhere. Tammy screamed again and yelled in frustration, 'I can't see anything!' She was about to cry and I felt my hand to hers and grabbed it, 'hey. Tammy, everything is going to be okay, alright?' I knew I was probably talking to mid air but I knew she could hear me. I felt behind until Andy's hand found mine too and we went down together. I didn't know where Scarlet went but assumed she was holding hands with Andy since he seemed to be pulled backwards every time I went too fast or Tammy did. Then I stepped on something, something squidgy. And it made me gag thinking about what it was, before Doyle could say anything though, me being a girl screamed and tried to get away from it myself. I jumped but collapsed into Tammy who screamed and tumbled down the stairs, I knew Andy had fallen to. Scarlet hadn't though since I still heard hers and Doyle's voice at the top of the escalator. I felt cold, squidgy things as I rolled on dead bodies all the way to the bottom. Falling into Tammy as we reached the bottom we both moaned in pain. I had hit my head hard on the floor, my wrist was throbbing and I couldn't move it. I laid next to Tammy. And then something occured to me, I couldn't hear Andy. I could hear the closing in voices of a panicked Doyle and Scarlet. When we heard footsteps beside us and Doyle's voice, I called out, 'Doyle!' He found me quickly and knelt beside me. 'I can't do this Doyle.' I felt Tammy's hand grasp mine, we were still lying on the floor, too scared to move. I was too tired, I had given up. Placing a hand on my cheek and the other under my back he hugged me to him, I had let go of Tammy's hand who was being checked over by Scarlet. 'Yes you can.' He whispered over and over. I didn't hug him back, just hung there as he hugged me. 'Andy.' I heard Tammy say behind me. I stood up quickly and Doyle did then too, we had to find Andy. 'We'll find him.' He said. We grabbed onto eachother and then we heard a snarl and someone fall to the ground, I realized my grip on Doyle had ceased. And screamed, 'Doyle!' Ooooh, cliff hanger. Want Chapter 9 for the ending? Review! I also need your idea on how you want it to end... First one: Alice and Doyle both die. Second one: Doyle just dies. Third One: Alice just dies. Fourth One: Everyone survives. I need you to review quickly so I can write it up. Depending on which ending will depend on how the epilogue (Chapter 10) will pan out too. So review! Noxin[Chapter 9] Okay, thank you to Mairenn for the creative criticism. Few things; Schtum beens to keep quiet. Another, thanks for the Grammar check, I am a huge Grammar freak myself and I know how it can ruin the story if there is bad vocabulary. So I am so sorry about that. You have earned the last 2 chapters though and you're right, I will go with the flow of the story and see where it takes me for the ending. Thanks again and thank you to MusicBeeQueen and Penny Pucci for reviewing on previous. Chapter 9 I dropped to the floor scrambling around and Tammy did too, screaming. I was panicking and then the eerie silence that followed put me on edge. 'Doyle?' I whispered out into the darkness, not expecting an answer but the unexpected one I did get made my heart flutter and I let out my breath. 'Alice.' His voice. Doyle's voice. I felt hands grab my shoulders and I was going to say something but I felt a finger on my lips, it seemed to waver a bit on my cheek first though before hitting the correct place. 'Doyle, did you lose the sniper?' 'Ssssh,' he said. I was worried, I crouched and felt Tammy's hand, pulling her up to stand beside me. 'It's Scarlet.' He said solemnly. 'What?' I asked my voice cracking, that same anguished feeling came over me again and I felt like I needed to put more effort into building a friendship with Scarlet before she died. That was it right? She was dead? 'She's dead?' I asked voicing my thoughts. Hearing Tammy made a soft, sad sound from behind me, Doyle said a little more consideringly, 'yeah.' 'Doyle?' I whispered. We hadn't moved yet and I was getting impatient, and I could tell Tammy was anxious to find Andy. Now that Scarlet had died, there was no telling what the infected were capable of. 'Where's the sniper?' There was silence but before I could repeat myself, hands released my shoulders and I heard hovered steps as if he was unsure what he was doing. Returning, I felt the same hands in the same place on my shoulders, 'I've got it. I can see you and Tammy. Now let's move.' We still spoke in hushed tones and discovered that was better than talking aloud even if the infected could hear us, it was better to whisper and pretend than shout aloud and know. 'Tammy? Tammy! Alice?' Tammy ran and dragged me along behind her after hearing Andy. Doyle was holding onto me and ran at the same speed, the fact he was almost dragged had no effect on him. There was no saying where we were heading except Tammy knew she had to follow his voice. We reached the platform and before I could step out of the shadows I heard Tammy scream. 'No!' I rounded the corner, Doyle close behind me and looked at the two bodies on the ground. They were struggling and it didnt settle in until I heard a familiar boy scream and the snarling and ripping of flesh that I realized what was going on. 'Shoot Doyle!' He was stood there, senseless. And I thought Army men were supposed to be prepared for surprise combat. 'Don!' I screamed. Don looked up at me, Andy was lying on the floor motionless except for his panicked breathing. I was thankful he was safe. Getting to his feet, I could see his face clearly and Tammy shrieked. It was a terrifying sight, blood masking his face beyond recognition, his black eyes full of death. He charged at me but he jolted back and I jumped due to the sound the sniper made when Doyle had aimed and shot without a second thought. Don faultered a little, snarling in what could only be pain, but managed to charge again, I gripped onto Doyle as he shouted, 'fall back.' We took steps back but then he fired again and Don fell to the floor as another chunk of flesh was blown out of him. We watched as he didn't get up and laid there and I turned to Tammy to hug her as a sob escaped her mouth. Doyle kept hold of the gun and then walked over to someone I had forgot about. Andy. 'Over here!' Doyle yelled back at us. I looked over to see Andy get up and take off down the platform. 'We stay together, whatever happens!' Tammy shouted as we ran after him. 'Andy no!' I said, tears burning my eyes. I choked them back and Doyle caught up with him quickly. We jumped off the platform and onto the tracks to watch Doyle holding a lifeless Andy. And in that moment, everything seemed to go in slow motion again. Like the adrenaline rush I had before, only this time, it was more of a miracle discovery. As we ran and I approached Andy, I knew something different was going to happen. We crouched down to look at Andy's eyes after Doyle inspected them and looked puzzled but then understanding crossed his face and he chuckled. 'Am I one of them?' Andy asked quietly and almost as confused as we were as we looked into his eyes. There seemed to be a small blood shot clot in his brown eye, seperating the white from the brown iris in a battle of survival. Infection in his blood but humanity in his heart. 'No,' Tammy said and I beamed, looking at Doyle. We looked him up and down for a few minutes before Tammy embraced him and hand in hand and full of brother and sister love, they walked down the tracks and back towards the platform. 'He is one little fighter, aint he?' Doyle said surprising me. 'Not as brave as mine.' I said before I closed the distance and pressed my lips onto his in one long awaited moment. We didnt add any pressure and salvaged the fact there would be plenty more time for everything else. 'Let's go.' He breathed against my lips leaving tingling feelings in parts of my body. I nodded my head and took his hand, and we followed Andy and Tammy into the sunlight. We walked to the stadium, it wasn't far but it was far enough to know that I was extrememly tired. We saw Flynn sitting relaxed on his chopper, he saw us and grinned when he saw Doyle. Not so much when he saw Tammy, Andy and me. He looked at us wearily, 'what's up with this Doyle?' He took a look at us and we looked at him, 'this is my new family. You can't deny a man his family.' Flynn sighed but smiled. He gestured for us to get in and as soon as my butt touched the seat, I was gone. Relaxed, calm and content. Taking Doyle's hand, and watching Andy and Tammy fall upon one another in exhaustion, I smiled. When people say in life and death situations, you fall in love. They really weren't lying. Because I am falling, Rescue Me, Doyle. There you have it. Last chapter. I will be uploading the Epilogue shortly. Hoped you liked the ending, I was intent on Alice dying but when I was writing I didn't have the heart to see her die. She is so lovely and I like her a lot more than my other OC's. So hope you enjoyed it and send me your feedback, especially you Mairenn, your criticism meant a lot to me. ~ Noxin[Chapter 10] Looking back on what happened I cannot genuinely say I was lucky. To be lucky would be to be the hero. And Doyle was the hero. And I would have saved my friends, each and every single one of them. I would have carried Kylie or at least stayed with her so she wouldn't have broken her leg in the first place. I would have saved that woman and that man by warning them beforehand that I should go out and check first. I also would have sacrificed myself for Sam. Along with that, I would have saved Scarlet. I knew I could do all those things, so why didn't I? Doyle successfully saved Tammy and Andy's life under strict instructions from Scarlet, but what we discovered when we flew over the ocean was that the infected broke out to other countries. We couldn't find a lab scientist anywhere to clone Andy's immunity to the virus. We didn't know how much to take and how much necassary for the cure. Soon enough, we all strayed. Flynn found nothing to stay around for anymore, his relationship with his wife was more important than his friendship to Doyle and loyalship to Andy and Tammy. Andy and Tammy were frustrated with having to move around a lot, and they agreed they would stay together. So when one morning, we woke up from a rough sleep in an abandoned Newsagents in Paris, we weren't surprised to see them gone. Which left me and Doyle. Without Andy and Tammy, we found no purpose to live. There was no cure and we were forever on the move to a safe place. 'Are you sure?' I nodded, shakily. I watched him take the offending item and he aimed it. I don't remember feeling the pain. I don't think there was any. And to say there was a blinding light would be lying. It's like falling asleep. I know what you are thinking, it was a complete waste of time and effort and lives to kill yourself just 28 days after we survived a catastrophe. But there was no end. Everyone was gone, killed or infected. It was no life. And I wish now, I had done all those things above to become a hero, maybe if everyone had survived, things would have turned out differently. I am sorry Doyle, you cannot rescue us this time. I am so sorry. I didn't plan for it to go this way but after about a minute into this, it wrote itself. I had to think to what it would have been like if the whole world was infected. Andy would have felt under pressure because he was the only available cure, but that didnt matter if they couldnt find anyone to help them try it out. Tammy would have went along, Flynn would have left and it would be hard to imagine that 2 people who had only known eachother for a few weeks could successfully survive, with only eachother. One would either leave or die leaving the other one alone and desolate. So I am so sorry if you hate this prologue, Alice wrote it. =] Thank you to all my reviewers, I love you all and hope you enjoyed it. Stay put because I will be doing another OC story VERY soon on another movie. Don't ask me what, I don't even know yet. Love and Regards ~ Noxin. ","Summary":" Okay, so, I am doing NO MORE chapters for 'Down with the Sickness' the Ginger Snaps fan fic with Sa"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendants","Author":"MissMusicgGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12641738","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In this story Mal and Audrey sisters and Mal lives in Auredon with her dad and her stepmom who happens to be Audreys parents. Mal lives with her sister Audrey in the kingdom of Auredon. What she don't know is that her mother is maleficent. \"Mal!\" Audrey shouted. \"Where are you?\" \"I am in the dressing room!\" Mal shouted back. Audrey runs to Mal when she opens her phone and show her a text message. When she arrives she put her phone in Mal's face. \"Audrey I cent see\" Mal said while laughing. \"It is in my face. Litterely\" ❤️BooBoo❤️ 20:37 yesterday See you tomorrow? Sure Mal smiled as she looked at Audrey. \"Is it that guy that you like\" Mal asked \"Maybe\" Audrey said as she smiled mysterious to her sister. \" Girls hurry! You are gonna be late\" Aurora shouted to Mal and Audrey \"Comming mom\" Audrey shouted back. \"Come on Mal hurry. We don't want to be late\" she continued. Mal felt so happy to see her boyfriend again after the summer. She was planning a day just with him. She was thinking about it all way to her school. When they arrived Audrey ran into Lonneis arms. \"Lonnie\" Audrey said while hugging the girl in the pink blue dress. \"How has your summer been\" Audrey asked \"A-mazing\" The girl replied. \"Mal hi\" She continued. \"Hi Lonnie\" Mal said. \"How are you\" \"Super\" answers Lonnie. The bell started to ring and the three girls went in to class. In the class room the teacher had writes on the board: welcome class 7 : D. WellMal and Audrey was in the same class. Again. The day went on and it was 14:00 and time to go home. At the same time both Mal and Audrey got a text at the same time. It was from their dad. 14:01 today ?Dad? Hi Mal. I was just telling you that the king and queen are coming home to us today. So don't plan anything. Ok Ok dad.? ￢ﾝﾤ️ ? Mal had always been a good child. And even more perfect then Audrey. The night came and the king and queen arrived to the palace. Mal and Audrey arrived at the dinner with long flowing dresses. Mal wore a light purple one with some black and white details and Audrey wore a baby pink dress with only white details. When the king and queens son saw Maland Audrey he stood up. \"Mal?\" He asked although he knew it was her. \"Ben. I mean price Benjamin.\" Mal said and was in shock. Her boyfriend was in her house. He didn't even know that Mal and Audrey wore sisters. Ok ok half sisters. Under the whole dinner Mal and Ben looked at each other from one side and the other side. Audrey asked Mal why she wore starring at the prince. \"Erm...\" Mal didn't continued but startedeating and Audrey wore starring on Mal now. Audrey knew that Ben wore coming just that she didn't tell Mal. \"Why didn't you tell me that the price wore coming\" Mal wispier to Audrey's ear. \"I thoughyou saw\" Audrey whispered back. \"Saw what?\" Mal asked. \"Erhum\" their father said yo them. \"Sorry dad\" Audrey said and Mal looked at him like sorry. \"Mal, Audrey, would you like to show prince Benjamin our house?\" He asked, but it was not a question. \"Sure thing dad\" Mal answered back with a smile on her lips. And Audrey she was about to scream. Well typical fan girl. Mal, Audrey and Ben stood and Audrey walked to the prince AKA Ben. The three kids walked out of the dining hall and started with the living room. The big living room. \"Malthis is\" Audrey started but got intupt \"Prince Ben, yeah I've heard that before\" Mal said and smiled at Ben. \"Nice to met you Mal\" Ban said bowing and kissing Mals hand with a wink on his eye. After that Audrey was frozen. She could notmove. She just stood there. Looking at the prince and her sister. \"Mal! How could you?\" Audrey said almostcrying \"How could I what?\" Mal asked her sister letting go of Ben's hands. \"This!\" Said Audrey looking at Ben's hands not willing to let go of Mal's. \"You knew I liked him\" Audrey said while dragging Mal away from Ben. \"No I didn't\" Mal said while she was kinda in a shock. \"You had a crush on someone named BooBoooh...\"[Chapter 2] Mal looked at both Ben and Audrey. She was unsure what should do. She has to do something. \"Mal...\" Ben started, grabbing Mal's hands. \"Are you ok?\" Mal ran out of air. She didn't know what to about to fall down, just went Audrey and Ben grabbed her. \"Mal!\" Audrey shouted. \"Mom, dad!\" She continued. Aurora and prince Filip ran in to the room where Mal had fainted. The prince said nothing. Just when Bens father ran into the room after Filip. He ask Ben if he knew what happened. \"I'm sorry. But I don't know Mr\" Ben answer \"Mal, honey,wake up\" Aurora said worried. Audrey had ran off early to get some water and ice. Filip took Mal to her room. And Ben followed. \"Ben what are you doing?\" The king asked. \"I am going to see if my girlfriend is ok\" Ben said and ran after Filip. The king and queen was in shock. Ben loved Mal. Not Auredon who was a real princess. Not Mal, she was just a well girl. When Ben had ran in to Mal room he sat on the side. Audrey came in with cold water and ice. She looked at Ben and realized what has happened. \"She didn't faint\" said Audrey. \"She is under a curse\" She continued. \"What do you mean\" the prince asked her. \"Mal is under a sleeping curse\" Audrey answered. \"Didn't you see her accidentally touch that book\" Audrey continued. \"But how, and was it like your mother?\" Ben asked \"I think so, But I'm not sure\" Audrey answered Someone knocked on the door. Be walked to the door and opened it. On the other side stood Jane, Lonnie, Ruby, Ally and . All fiveholding in flowers. \"Ben\" Lonnie started \"How is Mal?\" she asked. \"I don't know\" He answered back \"Well we just came to dropthese of\" Ally claimed. \"I will bring them to her\" Audrey said while she walked up to the door. \"Audrey how are you?\" Cindy asked The day went on and Mal didn't wake up she was just asleep. Nothing could bring her back but a true loves kiss. But Ben was not sure if he was the one. \"Ben pleas just kiss her already\" Audrey said. \"What if I'm not he true love?\" Ben said with a sad voice. \"Ok that's enough you go to Mal and you are gonna kiss her\" Audrey started \"NOW\"And pointed at the bed where Mal lie. \"Okay okay chill Audrey\" Ben said and holding his hand up in the air. He walked slowly to her bed and said \"here goes nothing\" he slowly moved closer to her lips and then boom he kissed her. Malslowly started to wake up and the first thing she saw was Ben.[Chapter 3] A week went on and Mal was able to go to school again after her accident. Well it didn't affect her but she was tired all the time. Mal and Audrey walked in to the school together as they used to do. And Lonnie met them half way there. \"Hey M how are you doing?\" Lonnie asked. \"Well I guess in better\" The girl answer with a happy voice. The arrived at the school and they wore just in time. Today was the first test and Jane thought she would study in the last second. She sat in the park just beside the school and then Alexis and her crew came up to her. \"What ya doing fairy?\" Alexis said. Alexis is not like her mother or twin because Rapunzel and Rubie wore nice and spread happiness. While Alexis just spread fear. Just that time Mal, Lonnie and Audrey walked by. Mal stopped and looked at Jane. She just sat there almost crying. \"Are you trying to get beautiful?\" She continued \"Right you are so ugly you can never be beautiful\" \"Stop it\" Jane said weakly. \"And what?\" she asked \"Are you gonna Bibbedy-bobbedy-Boo me or what?\" Mal walked over to a tree and lend back to listen. \"You should not try so hard Jane\" Alexis started. \"And you should probably back of\" a familiar voice said. Alexis turned around and saw Mal. Right then Lonnie and Audrey saw what happened. \"Well well well\" Alexis said \"isn't it Mal\" \"Right Alex\" Mal started \"And this Mal is telling you to back of\" \"And why would I\" Alexis asked. \"Cause she is telling you to\" Audrey said while she walked up to Mal. \"Mal, Audrey, please\" Jane started \"I don't want to drag you in to this\" \"Its fine Jane\" Lonnie started \"I think Mal could handle this. Mal walked closer to Alexis. And when she was there Mal slapped her. \"How dare you\" Alexis said \"Oh I amjust starting\" Mal answered. Lonnei tookJaneaway when she had the chance. And Alexis continued to argue with Mal. And right then Ben passed by looking for the late students. \"Mal, what is going on\" Ben asked \"Your majesty this girl is hurting me\" Alexis said as shetriedto cry. \"Mal...\" Ben started \"No I did not\" I said while looking at Ben. \"I do not know what happened but can you tell me why Mal would have done something like that right after getting better?\"Ben asked as he turned to Alexis. \"Well I was...\" She said after remember what she had done \"She was mean to Jane and Mal just waned to help Jane\" Audrey said as they almost forgot about her. \"Alexis\" Ben said \"I'm sorry Ben. But that's not true\" Alexis said as she tried to flirt whit Ben. \"Mal\" he said again looking at her.[Chapter 4] Mal's p.o.v \"Ben I did not dothat\" I said as I looked at Ben. Did Ben think that I hit Alexis. I hope not. I could not get blamed one more time, if I did I could get sent to this isle. And I did not want to live with my mother. I am an Auredon girl. And not an isle. \"Mal no matter what you need to come with me\" Ben said to me. He looked at me angrily. I hoped it wasn't that bad. ","Summary":" In this story Mal and Audrey sisters and Mal lives in Auredon with her dad and her stepmom who happ"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"Descendants: Next Generation","Author":"GryffindorCaptain06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13051625","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Carlos de Vil and Jane Godmother Celia Jane de Vil, or more commonly referred to as CJ, sat on her black and white sheet covered bed examining her medium brown hair with black and white streaks. While she didn't usually care how she looked, CJ at least preferred to not have chocolate syrup in her hair (long story). She stood up and straitened the black leather jacket she wore over her white v neck t shirt with bright red jeans and black leather knee high combat boots. CJ looked over at the two beds sometimes occupied by her two best friends, Brittany and Dani, and wished she was with them right then. \"I'll see them in two days,\" she said to herself with a sigh. Two days. Jayden of Agrahbah and Lonnie Shang Lucas Shang of Agrahbah, or Luke, jogged around the track in his back yard. He knew that once school started again, he'd have to be ready for the tourney season. He had to come back strong, which meant Luke had two more days to train before school started again. He jogged over to where he had left his bad and gulped down some water, thinking of his friends Eddie and Mike, who were also on the tourney team with him. He pushed his shoulder length brown hair back and continued jogging. Only two days. Two days. Douglas Dwarfington and Evelyn Royale Danielle Dwarfington, AKA Dani, sat in front of her vanity mirror brushing her long, dark blue hair and reapplying her poison apple red lipstick. She looked down at the red shirt (perfectly matching her lipstick) that she wore under her dark blue leather jacket with a black skirt and dark blue wedges with poison apple red heels. Dani smiled as she looked at the picture of her and her BFFs Brittany and CJ at last year's castlecoming dance. \"Dani, Eddie, dinner!\" Came her mom's voice from downstairs. Meanwhile... In the room next door, Dani's twin brother Edward, or Eddie, as he preferred to be called, was on the phone with his friend Mike. \"Dude, have you heard from Luke? I wonder what he's up to...\" Mike trailed off. \"Probably training for the upcoming tourney season. You know how he is.\" \"True...\" \"Dani, Eddie, dinner!\" Evie Dwarfington (nee Royale) shouted up the stairs. \"Gotta go, man.\" \"See you in two days!\" Two days, Dani and Eddie thought in unison, Two days. King Ben and Queen Mal \"Michael Benjamin Beast I swear if youdon't shut the hell up I will tear your face off!\" Brittany Michaela Beast, daughter of Ben and Mal, yelled at her twin brother, who had been blasting music for the past half hour. The music stopped and Michael (Mike) shouted back. \"You coulda just asked!\" Brittany sighed and looked down at what she was wearing. Purple leather jacket over a black tank top and purple jeans with black leather ankle boots. She looked in the mirror at her honey-blonde-with-purple-tips-hair and smirked. She looked almost... presentable. Ew. Her green eyes glowed briefly as she remembered her last encounter with Amanda, Aroura and Chad Charming's daughter. But no, she wouldn't go there. Two days... Meanwhile... Mike sighed as he turned down his music. He hadn't even realised how loud it had been, having been so caught up in his conversation about tourney over the phone with Eddie. He ran a hand through his honey blond hair and rolled his green eyes at the thought of Luke training for tourney, even though he was the best player on the varsity team without practicing. Mike couldn't wait to get back out on the tourney field. Two days. Later that night... Ben and Mal Mal sat in the entrance room, going over some royal paperwork (though, if she was being honest, she wasn't paying any attention to what it said). A loud knock sounded on the front doors of the castle. She stood up and dusted off her dark purple dress before striding confidently to the door and pulling open the door. Instantly all color drained from Mal's face, her jaw fell open, and she took on a shocked expression. For a few moments she was speechless. Then she finally found her voice. \"You...\" A.N. This idea has been floating around my brain for a while, but only now did I put it into writing. So, this is my first fic, and I am really hoping for some comments, good or bad, so I can improve my writing. Here are all the VKs children and their appearances Celia Jane Giana de Vil (Celia Jane is her first name) Hair: medium brown w/ black and white streaks Eyes: Hazel Parents: Jane Godmother and Carlos de Vil Lucas James Shang of Agrabah Hair: Dark brown Eyes: Light brown Parents: Lonnie Mulan Shang and Jayden Jafar of Agrabah Danielle Emmaline Dwarfington Hair: Dark blue Eyes: Amber brown Parents: Evelyn Grimhilde Royale and Douglas Dopey Dwarfington Edward Douglas Dwarfington Hair: Light brown Eyes: Amber brown Parents: Evelyn Grimhilde Royale and Douglas Dopey Dwarfington Brittany Michaela Beast Hair: Honey blonde w/ purple tips Eyes: Bright green Parents: Maleficent Bertha Moore and Benjamin Glorian Beast Michael Benjamin Beast Hair: Honey blond Eyes: Bright green Parents: Maleficent Bertha Moore and Benjamin Glorian Beast Reviews are love!!!![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Previously... For a moment Mal couldn't speak. Then she finally found her voice again. \"You...\" Like break line break line break line break \"Me.\" Stated the woman standing on the other side of the door. This woman was an almost exact copy of Mal, but without bangs and with purple eyes, instead of green. \"Mack?\" Mal asked, and the woman nodded. \"Mackenzie Brenda Moore! I thought you were dead!\" Mack's eyes flashed. \"I escaped the isle. And the first news I hear about my twin sister is that she's the goody two shoes wife of King Ben. I'm disappointed.\" It was then Mal realised her sister was still just as evil as she had been when they had been eleven. \"But anyway, I want you to meet someone, regardless of everything I just said.\" Mack said, beckoning someone behind her forward. The light from inside the castle fell upon said person and Mal gasped. The person was a girl of about sixteen. Her hair was light brown with purple tips and she looked just like Brittany, the only difference was the eyes. This girl's were purple, like Mack's. The girl was wearing a black leather jacket over a purple tank top with black jeans and purple flats. \"Mal, this is my daughter, Maddison Bella Moore.\" Mack smirked. \"Thought you might want to meet your niece. Maybe.\" Her smirk dropped and Mack looked deadly serious. \"I'll see you later. You know, when I take over Auradon.\" \"Mack-\" \"Don't!!!\" Mack screamed. She then calmed. \"See you later, Queen Mal. \" Mal was so in shock, she almost didn't notice Maddison staying behind. But when they made eye contact. And then Mal was all too aware of the words Maddison mouthed at her. \"Maddison, come!\" \"Yes, mother.\" Maddison said in a monotone, submissive voice. But even as Mal shut the door and slid down to the floor, she was still thinking about what Maddison had communicated to her. The words reverberated around Mal's head. \"Help me, please\" A.N. I just thought of this and just had to put it in. I think it'll be interesting. I think some of my ships are obvious, Jane/Carlos, Lonnie/Jay, Evie/Doug, Mal/Ben, Audrey/Chad. If there are any you want me to consider, let me know. I may start a romance with two of my OCs, I don't know yet. Reviews are love!!! -Lily Giselle Rose[Chapter 3] Previously... \"Help me, please\" Linebreak linebreak linebreak linebreak Mal couldn't get Maddison's terrified expression off of her mind. \"Mal.\" Ben greeted as he came into the room. He took one look at Mal and his expression went from cheerfully tired to concerned in a split second. \"What's wrong?\" \"I'll explain once I get the others here.\" Mal said as she dialed Evie's number. \"Hey Mal, what's up?\" \"Evie. I need you to get everyone up to the castle. Now.\" \"Mal? What-\" \"I'll explain when you get here.\" Mal hung up. Later... \"Okay, what's this about?\" Carlos asked as soon as all of the VKs and their spouses were sat in the living room of Mal and Ben's castle. \"Evie, Jay, Carlos, you guys remember Mack, right?\" \"Of course! You were crushed when she died. We were eleven.\" Evie reminisced about how they had been back then, stealing and cheating and lying to survive. Jay and Carlos nodded. Jane, Lonnie, Ben, and Doug looked confused. \"Sorry, who is Mack?\" Lonnie asked what all four where thinking. \"Mal's/my almost identical twin sister.\" All four former villains said in unison. The native Auradonians gaped in shock. \"Twin sister?!\" Lonnie gasped. \" Almost identical?!\" Jane asked. \" Died?! \" Ben choked out. \"Listen,\" Mal said, \"the story goes like this...\" 18 Years Earlier \"Yes!\" Mack yelled as Mal cleared the barbed wire fence. \"No way old Mother Gothel is gonna follow us over that fence.\" The twin daughters of the Mistress of Evil high fived and green eyes met purple. \"Listen, I'll go home, mother asked for me specifically this time. But you stay out and cause enough mayhem for the both of us, alright?\" Mal said, smirking. \"See ya later!\" Mack yelled after her as Mal jogged towards their home. But she didn't see Mack later. She didn't see her for years and years and everyone assumed she was dead. And Mackenzie Moore became a taboo. No one was to mention her, ever. And that was that. Present Day The four that hadn't known before remained silent, their eyes wide. The villain kids' faces remained emotionless. \"She's not dead. She came here. Earlier.\" This statement was met with a shocked silence. From everyone. \"She has a daughter. Maddison Bella Moore. Mal related to them what had happened, including what Maddison had been mouthing in her direction. \"We have to help her.\" Evie said with conviction. \"It's not a plot to gain our trust?\" Lonnie asked. \"No,\" Mal stayed with absolute certainty. \"You didn't see the fear in her expression. You can't fake that level of fear.\" \"So it's settled then.\"Ben said. \"We're getting her out of there.\" Later... Evie hoisted Mal up to the window of the abandoned cottage they knew Mack and Maddison were living in (temporarily). Mal's feet hit the floor and she immediately crouched down low. \"I'll stand guard here.\" Carlos said as he lifted Evie through the window. \"I'll stay here with Carlos.\" Said Doug. Jay and Ben were in the limo and Jane and Lonnie were patrolling the other side of the cottage. Mal and Evie crept through the rooms of the crumbling building, towards the bedroom they had seen Maddison sleeping in earlier. Evie eased the door open and Mal slipped inside and shook Maddison awake. \"Wha-\" \"Shhhhhh...\" Mal hissed quietly. \"I'm here to get you out of here.\" \"Really?\" Maddison whispered, her voice hopeful. Mal nodded. \"Why?\" \"Because I've been where you are now. And I'm not going to let someone else go through that. Not if I can stop it.\" Mal, Evie, and Maddison hurried through the house to the outside and joined the others back at the limo. \"Maddison, get in.\" Jane said. \"Maddie,\" she corrected. \"I prefer Maddie.\" A.N. So, what do you think? Is it any good? Comments are encouraged!!!! How do you feel about Maddie? Do you trust her? I don't know if I trust her, and I wrote her. Still, tell me what you think. -Lily Giselle Rose[Chapter 4] I did the other next generation kids so I have to do Maddie too. Maddison Bella Moore Hair: Light brown w/ purple tips Eyes: Bright purple Parents: Mackenzie Brenda Moore and Unknown Anyway, that's all for now. The next chapter is in. The. Works! - Lily Giselle Rose[Chapter 5]  ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Carlos de Vil and Jane Godmother Celia Jane de Vil, or more commonly referred to as CJ, s"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"A new start for an old beginning","Author":"Justacittykat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12680316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Keep going. Hurry up they are coming!\" From around the next corner steps the Evil Queen. \"Ok turn around and run.\" From behind comes Jafar closely followed by a puffing Cruella de Vil. \"Dang were are surrounded\" Then a smile appeared and then a boy with a smile the same as the one that had appeared. \" Hang on to my arm.\" The strange boy said. They did as told and then he smiled. They arrived outside Auradon Prep, the school for descendants of famous fairy tail characters. \"Where are we?\" One of the group said. \"Better question, who the hell are you?\" Said another. The boy smiled, not the smile that got them here but a normal smile, \"I am Eval. Son of the Evil Queen.\" Eval replied The group was dumbstruck. \"You are the son of th-\" one stammered. \"Yes I am.\" Eval cut in, \"Now who are you?\" A boy spoke, \"I am Rust son of Buster.\" \"I am Wisp daughter of Jasper.\" Wisp said with a slight distaste for her father in her voice \"I am Hirus son of Horus and cousin to Wisp.\" The third one said \"And I am Rita daughter of Roger and Anita.\"Rita exclaimed. \"Aren't you a good person\" Eval said shocked. \"I got kicked out after I got caught shoplifting, I was shoplifting a gun sooo yea\" Rita said embarrassed. \"Ok you need to find somewhere to stay. Any ideas?\" Eval had broken the silence. \"Why not in the school?\" Rust suggested, \"after all Mal, Jay, Carlos and Evie got in right?\" The group was talking about what they could do and be of they went to school behind them. All while Eval was silent. He was snapped out of his thoughts by Wisp clicking her fingers in front of his face. \"Lets go\"[Chapter 2] As the group walked into the garden in front of the massive school in front of them king Ben walks out with Mel, Carlos and Jay. Eval sighs with relief. Eval heard Carlos whisper to Ben and the others that they were Isle kids. King Ben walked over and said \"Welcome to Auradon.\" Wisp hid behind Eval who stood his ground. \"King Ben can you please take these kids and let them attend Auradon?\" Eval begged slightly. Then Eval Heard a whisper, \"So you want to know why I have cat ears Carlos?\" \"How did you hear that\" Carlos stammered shocked. \"I was raised by the Cheshire Cat but that was not not my true parent.\" Eval explained. \"You real parent was the Evil Queen wasn't it\" said a voice behind Eval. He turned around and locked eyes with the girl behind him. \"How did you know?\" Eval said tensing up. \"Because I remember my mother told me that she had a guest for me to meet but when I got down all I saw was my mother standing there nearly crying, then she said that it was my brother, which by the way I never even knew I had until I was told.\" Evie explained to the others and to Eval. Then without warning Evie and Eval embraced in a hug that only they knew was coming. \"I missed you\" Eval whispered in Evie's what felt like hours Evie and Eval let go of each other and then Ben said what was on there minds. \"Wow\" he paused for effect, \"let's get these kids inside.\". The sheer scale of the school made the kids gasp. Then before they could speak a bell rang and then kids came pushing out of the classrooms to get to there dorms for the end of the day. Then suddenly every single one of the students stoped what they were doing and there mouths hung open on shock to see that there were more Isle kids. The Isle kids jumped as one behind Eval who stood his ground with his face straight as they kept walking.[Chapter 3] \" More kids from the Isle?\" \" How did they get here.\" \" There wasn't a car scheduled to pick more kids up today!\" \" Look at that kid, he has cat ears!\" \" I swear on my mothers good name that boy is not from here!\" \"BEN\" a stern voice exclaimed from the floor above him. He looked up the voice was his father's he looked up. \"What are these kids doing here?\" \"Well umm eerrrr I ummm actually have no idea maybe you should ask them instead\" Ben stuttered His father turned and looked Eval in the eye. They both held their gaze. Both their eyes never brok apart. Finally the king spoke. \"Very well then, state your names and your parents.\" Wisp spoke up first. \"I am Wisp daughter of Jasper.\" Then Hirus states his information. \"I am Hirus son of Horus and cousin to Wisp.\" \"I am Rust son of Buster\" Rust quickly said After a few seconds Rita spoke up. \"I am Rita\" she paused. No one reacted. \"Daughter of Roger and Anita.\" Then all the students watching the ordeal gasped as one. The king heard this and commanded all the students back to there dorms. After all the students had left whispering and talking in amazement of the new arrivals, the king assigned a dorm for the four friends but had asked Eval to stay behind. \"And you are?\" The king said expecting Eval to answer but Eval stayed silent. Evie asked Eval if he wanted her to tell the king. He slowly nodded. So Evie explained his story to the king.[Chapter 4] The dorm was what Eval had hoped. He got one alone. It was good because he could contact the Cheshire Cat and his family while he was here. He missed Wonderland and all its crazy. He missed the Mad Hatter and hid daughter Maddie, he missed Alice and her family from behind the rabbit hole that they use to get down here. He missed the Queen of hearts and her daughter Lizzie, the white rabbit and his family and all the rest. 'Well' he thought as he got ready for class, 'I do miss Wonderland but this is my true home away from home I guess'. \"Ok time to go.\" He grabbed his books and smiled that smile when he first appeared and help the four friends. Fairy Godmother nearly dropped the books she was carrying when Eval appeared next to her. \"I hope I am not late Fairy Godmother.\" Eval said as he apologised for startling her. \"All good I am fine and no you are just in time.\" She replied gathering her breath and sitting the books on her desk. \"Ok we will start with your names and you parents.\" she said hoping she won't fall over. \"Rust son of buster.\" Rust said catching the Fairy Godmother off guard. Wisp giggled. \"Wisp daughter of Jasper.\" Wisp said trying not to laugh but to no avail she burst out laughing and fell out of her chair. \"Hirus son of Horus and cousin to Wisp.\" He said keeping a strait face that faulted when he nearly laughed a few times. Rita daughter of Roger and Anita.\" Rita said so quietly that the Fairy Godmother barely heard he. She gasped. \"You you are the daughter of Rog…\" she started. \"Yes I am!\" Rita nearly shouted it. The Fairy Godmother took a step back. \"Ok lets continue with the lesson\" she said hoping to keep Rita's temper down.[Chapter 5] After class Rita, Rust, Wisp, Hirus, Eval, Evie, Mal, Carlos and Jay were sitting on the grass behind the school. The conversation kept dying as quickly as it would start. The beast and belle walked past. The beast glared at Eval, Eval glared back. Then The beast and belle walked off, the beast stratified with his win in the glaring contest. Eval sighed got up al slowly walked off with everyone looking at his back. Evie got up to follow him. Eval had heard her, \"Evie it's ok you don't need get up I am fine\" he said without looking back. Then he smiled that smile and disappeared leaving only a tear falling to the ground. \"Evie…\" Mal said watching the tear fall to the ground. \"No I have to go help him,\" Evie said confidently. \"Something is wrong and I am going to find out!\" So she walked off to her brothers room with Mal following a few paces back. As she arrived, Evie found him on the floor crying. She was deciding to either run over or wait until he stopped crying. The decision was made for her Mal had pushed Evie over to Eval and then retreated back out of the dorm. Evie looked at Mal, then Mal retreaded back outside to the group. \"What's wrong?\" Evie asked cautiously hoping to not set off more tears.\"I don't know,\" Eval started, \"I guess I miss wonderland and all my friends back there.\" He said smiling through the tears. \"You mean the white rabbit and the crazy hatter\" Evie whispered. Eval laughed, \"it's the mad hatter and yes, them and all the others even the queen of hearts who is madder than the hatter.\" Evie laughed at that, so loud that Fairy Godmother poked her heard in to see if everyone was ok. When she saw Evie and Eval sitting on the ground together she walked away sighing, \"at least they have each other.\" ","Summary":" \"Keep going. Hurry up they are coming!\" From around the next corner steps the Evil Queen. \"Ok tu"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"One More Chance","Author":"theicemenace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9317287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is an AU from near the end of the movie 28 Weeks Later with Jeremy Renner's character Sergeant Doyle. Spoilers for 28 Days Later… and 28 Weeks Later … Thanks to ladygris for the Beta even though she hasn't seen either movie. BTW – both movies should be watched in full daylight from behind the sofa with pillows all around, your favorite \"comforter\" (man, dog, cat, child, bottle of wine) and a generous helping of chocolate. I'm just sayin'. ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 1 \"You're looking much better today, Sergeant. No fever. Blood pressure's good, and your wounds are healing nicely,\" Dr. Max Price said to the man lying on his stomach with only a sheet covering his nearly naked body. Bandages covered him from the back of his head to his lower back and the bicep of his right arm. Salve formed a thick layer on the reddened areas. Turning the soldier's head side to side, he checked pupil reaction, nodding in satisfaction. \"Soon you'll be up and around. I just hope you don't hate me for saving your life.\" On one of the lower levels of an abandoned hospital in a small town west of the now destroyed London, Max tended to his charge as best he could under the circumstances. Virology, microbiology and vaccinology were his specialties. Max had been a part of the medical team when the second outbreak of the rage virus spread through the city and had barely gotten out alive. Now, he had to fall back on memories of his ER rotation to help the injured. Nightmares of their escape woke him every time he managed to catch a few winks. Being chased by the infected, soldiers shooting at anything that moved and some that didn't. Nearly being caught by the gas and the sweepers carrying flamethrowers. Much of that fear had to do with the man he'd managed to rescue. The air had carried the smell of burning flesh. Their group numbered eleven. Max and the Sergeant were the only Americans, like most of the NATO sponsored Delta Force team. Lukas Göller spoke only German though he'd been taught a few words of English the last few days. The rest were UK citizens, most having been repatriated after spending the last six months in a refugee camp in Spain. Ruby was from Scotland. The most severely injured was the soldier. Max recognized him as a member of the American-led NATO team that had been brought in to maintain order during the reoccupation of London, but hadn't known his name until now. Hadn't wanted to know his name. His was just another face in the crowd to Max and the other NATO doctors. Max, Collin and Ruby found Doyle burned and unconscious, and had taken him along when they hid in the walk-in refrigerator of a Chinese restaurant. He'd been in terrible pain, but morphine all Max had to give him, and at such a high dose he'd be surprised if his patient remembered anything of their exodus from London. Their plans included making their way across the North Sea to Dublin by ferry. Hopefully, they'd find out just how widespread this infection had become. Radio and television transmissions had stopped long ago. They received their news reports from HAM radio operators whom he deemed unreliable as none of them had first-hand knowledge of what NATO, WHO and the CDC were up to. Doyle-Max had gotten his name one of the few times he'd been lucid-had been lucky his injuries weren't worse. His back had been protected somewhat by the vest and heavy material of the uniform that had to be cut off of him. First and second degree burns covered his shoulders, the back of his head and lower back with one spot of third degree on the bicep of his right arm and another on his right shoulder as if he'd turned to shield his left side. Aside from the burns, a concussion, various scrapes and a couple of lacerations, he'd come through his ordeal in decent shape. It was due to the man's physical conditioning, a strong will to live…and a combination of morphine, sedatives and sleep aids Max used to keep him under so he wouldn't pull out the IV or try to leave…again. The dosages necessary to keep the soldier under assured that he would be addicted when Max finally brought him out of it, but there hadn't been another way to move him to their current location. Doyle had screamed in pain whenever he regained consciousness leaving Max to make the decision for him. When it came to being alive and hooked on drugs or dead from severe burns, killed by the rage infected or gas, Max hoped Doyle would choose life. After spending two days hiding, Max, Collin, Ruby and Doyle joined with a group of making their way out of the city. Strangers who needed each other to survive. They carried Doyle, the only one not ambulatory, to a truck that Collin had worked on so that they could flee before the military decided to drop fire bombs. Traveling by day when the infected were hiding, they made it all the way to here to the largest hospital in the area. The small hope they had all harbored vanished in the rays of the morning sun when they found the place deserted, dead bodies everywhere. Max and his band of brothers and sisters met up with more uninfected people and together they removed the bodies to a wing of the hospital that had been involved in an explosion. A storm put out the fire before it could spread, but the power had been knocked out to the rest of the building. Oscar and Murphy had scrounged generators from a sports equipment store along with as many weapons as they could carry. Another group went out to search for food and fresh water. A third worked to get several large trucks working so they could make the trip to the coast in relative comfort. Max had heard rumors of two children who were immune to the virus, but were also carriers, and wondered what had become of them. \"Ungh…\" Groaning came from Doyle, and Max rushed to administer more sedative into his IV. If Max had to keep upping the dosage as Doyle built up a tolerance, their supplies would be exhausted in a couple of weeks. In addition to the pain meds and sedatives, Max also pumped Doyle full of antibiotics hoping to keep infection from setting in. The meds kicked in and Doyle went back to sleep while Max checked his wounds. It had been ten days since they'd arrived and taken up residence in the hospital off the park. The town was deserted with animals already foraging within the town's limits. Just that morning, a clan of badgers had waddled past. Deer ventured onto the silent streets, grazing here and there as they reclaimed the land. Collin had conscripted Murphy, Florence, Alfie and Oscar as his assistants. Together, the five of them were getting the vehicles in running condition, Florence and Alfie standing guard while Collin, Oscar and Murphy worked on the truck-lorries here in the UK. Max and Sunny, a lab tech he'd found hiding inside the hospital, insisted that they take it slow on Doyle's account. His wounds were healing well. A situation Max attributed to the man's excellent physical condition. In another day or so, Max would begin weaning him off the medications. He'd have to at any rate because they could hardly continue to carry the heavily muscled man. Soon he'd have to start pulling his own weight or be left behind. And the farther they got from the London devastation, the greater chance they'd meet up with looters and petty despots who'd set up their own little kingdoms to rule over. A soldier was just what they needed to help keep them safe on their journey. There'd been stories about the weeks following the original outbreak. No one knew for certain where it had started, but rumors flourished wherever more than a few people gathered. The most popular being that the virus had been created by the government's secret biowarfare program and London had been the testing ground. The second most accepted scenario was that PETA extremists had released infected chimpanzees from a research facility, had come down with the rage virus when bitten and it spread through London like a wildfire out of control. How it all had started didn't matter. Not to Max, and not to the ones who remained. Everyone had lost someone they'd cared about whether family member, friend or co-worker. More than one in most cases. At least most of them were home. Every day it looked less and less like Max would ever make it back to the States, back to his family. They probably thought he was dead though his parents wouldn't give up hoping until presented with undeniable proof. He set all that aside to concentrate on cleaning the deepest burn on Doyle's arm and applying creams and gels to the other areas to promote healing. No doubt Doyle would be more than a little embarrassed by the fact that he frequently had his backside exposed for all to see, but he'd get over it quick enough when he realized the extent of his injuries and that there was no other option. Voices in the hall announced the return of the work crews. Items on their list had been non-perishable food, bottled water, clothing, weapons and anything else that would help them reach civilization-and the research center-alive. From the excited tones, they'd made a good haul today. Max made notes on the clipboard and returned it to the bedside table before stepping out into the hall, pulling the door shut behind him. A window showed the slanting rays of the setting sun. Rubbing the back of his head, he nodded a greeting. Collin was lean and strong with a receding hairline and brown eyes. His speech patterns labeled him as a \"Scouser\", an inhabitant of the same area that had given birth to the Beatles. Despite the events of the past several months, he presented a cheerful attitude except when he thought no one was looking. Max had seen the troubled glint in his eyes and heard him mumbling in his sleep. It was something they all had in common, this inability to escape the horrors of the rage virus even in their dreams. The others were from various parts of the UK, Manchester, Croydon, Bristol and other areas surrounding London. He overheard Alfie mention spending time in or near Regent's Park as a child, but he wasn't sure if he grew up there or just hung out there with friends. The smell of food cooking lured Max in the wake of his companions. They didn't know each other well, but found he could call them friends through shared trials. Each of them had clung to the other since meeting outside of London just before the city had been blown off the map. This time there would be no reclamation, no repatriating of the citizens still abroad. No one would ever return to the British Isles. The news reports said that the inhabitants of Scotland were given a choice to stay and risk another outbreak of the infection or take safe passage. Each person who emigrated would be given immediate and irrevocable citizenship to the country of their choice in any of the participating countries. But Max had no idea how many had chosen to leave. As a group, Max and the others had agreed to head for Ireland where they knew a NATO lab could be found that would prove none of them were infected or carriers. At this very moment, Sunny was in the lab down the hall doing blood workups on everyone. Ruby had taken Lukas on as a personal project. She was determined to teach him English before he returned to Germany, provided he was able to at some point. The two of them had taken over food preparation, always making the meals nutritious though not very tasty. Every couple of days the pair made a special dessert, even if all they had was cans of peaches. Those milling around the hall went to get cleaned up for dinner as Collin and Oscar stopped to talk with Max. \"How did it go?\" Collin grinned smugly, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. \"We got 'em purrin' like a basket o' kittens, Pricey.\" Internally rolling his eyes at the silly nickname the mechanic had given him, Max nodded. \"Good. We should start packing tomorrow.\" Oscar rubbed his hands together. Since the original outbreak of the virus, he'd been forced into manual labor, much of it using his skills as an engineer though he did his share of moving heavy things and learning to hide…again. Before that time, his hands had been soft and callous free, with a body bordering on skinny. Out of necessity, he'd had to become more than he'd ever been before. Bulging muscles had stretched his fair skin giving him a lean, muscular build. \"There's a military base up the road some. We should stop there and see what we can scrounge.\" \"Let's see what it looks like before we go inside. Sunny and I'll hunt down hazmat suits just in case.\" The men headed for the break room they called the café. The others followed one at a time, stopping to fill their plates at the buffet style servers on the counter. Mostly it was hearty soups with crackers or bread, if they were lucky enough to find some that hadn't gone moldy. When possible, Ruby would make biscuits or rolls. Talk was minimal tonight. It had been a few days since they'd run into looters or the infected and everyone figured they were about due. Taking the table in the corner, Max stuck his elbow on the edge of the table and rested his head on the knuckles while he slowly spooned the stew-like offering into his mouth and chewed. Lucy swept into the room, ignoring his desire to be alone by plopping into the chair next to him and scooting close. \"What up, Pricey? How's the patient?\" Shrugging, Max pushed his bowl away, his appetite gone. \"Better every day. I'll begin taking him off the sedative soon. Get him eating and walking around.\" \"I'm not much use with fixin' 'n repairin' stuff though I can hold a torch and pass over tools.\" She wiggled the fingers of both hands. \"Don't wanna hurt the music makers. I know it's gonna be a bit of a wait to get back to performin' for anyone, but can't take chances.\" \"You squeamish?\" \"'Bout like most, I 'spect.\" She eyed his leftovers. He took the hint and nudged the bowl in her direction. \"I could use someone to handle minor injuries so I can spend more time in the lab. Before this last outbreak we found a woman who was immune to the virus. One of the military doctors discovered that her children, a boy and a girl, were immune as well though all three were carriers.\" \"So there's a cure?\" The excitement in Lucy's voice made him smile. \"There could be. I've no idea what happened to the children. The last I saw of them they were running for their lives. I suppose they could've gotten away and are at this moment being used to create a vaccine.\" \"But you don't think so.\" Pushing a hand through his short brown hair laced with gray, Max exhaled loudly. \"We can't take the chance. Sunny's been running tests on everyone we come across who will let us and nothing yet. Then again, we don't have a live culture of the virus to work with. We have two generators hooked up to her lab, and are maintaining the strictest precautions possible under the circumstances. Until we can find the real thing, computer models will have to do.\" Dropping the plastic spoon into the disposable bowl, Lucy slid her warm fingers into his palm, giving it a squeeze. \"You 'n Sunny really know your onions. And I bet there's loads of docs out there working up the cure right now.\" He gave her a quick squeeze and reclaimed his hand to take a drink of room temperature lemonade. \"At least someone is looking on the bright side.\" \"Too right.\" Her smile was warm and genuine, without being flirty. \"Aside from Sergeant Doyle, we've been lucky no one's needed more than a few stitches.\" The long nights of worrying about being attacked took its toll on Max. If he put his head down on the table right now, he'd likely sleep until morning. \"Think I'll head off to bed. Who's on first watch tonight?\" \"Couple o' the newbies and Collin. Good at givin' orders, he is.\" Their quiet meal was abruptly interrupted by Sunny's excited voice echoing in the hallway just before she shoved the door open and stumbled inside, a sheet of paper clenched in her right hand. \"Something wrong?\" \"Look!\" Sunny could barely contain herself as she handed him the paper, a computer printout. Quickly scanning the document, Max too became excited. \"Show me!\" The two medical professionals rushed from the room, pelting down the tile floor to the lab. She turned on the only working monitor hooked up to the microscope. The slide on the left showed the all too familiar shapes of the rage virus growing at a greatly accelerated rate, attacking the platelets and naturally occurring bacteria, stuffing them full of their own genetic material and sending out new signals. After that, the new and \"improved\" platelets begin replicating so fast, the infected would bleed from all orifices, particularly the eyes, nose and mouth further spreading the virus. Rage would overwhelm the reasoning centers of the brain causing the infected to seek out the uninfected and destroy them. In the sample on the right, those cells were dying, attacked by round cells that looked like spiked soccer balls. Leukocytes were killing the rage virus and duplicating themselves so fast that it hadn't a snowballs chance in hell of coming back. If that immunity could be harnessed, a retrovirus could be created that would not only protect the uninfected, but possibly even cure the infected. ~~O~~ From the doorway, Lucy and the others watched the drama unfolding before them. Max gave a whoop of joy echoed by Sunny as he hugged her tight. Confused, Lucy took a step into the room to let them know they weren't alone. \"What's it all mean, doc?\" Max whirled on her and just for a second she thought he would yell at her for interrupting them. But he didn't. Instead, he gripped her upper arms, grinning like a right old fool. \"This is it , Lucy! Not just a cure, but a way to prevent the rage virus. It won't happen overnight, and there's still a lot of work to do, but now we've made a start.\" Everyone was talking at once, their voices mixed together so that Lucy could barely tell one from the other. She'd seen family, friends and strangers turn murderously violent, killing others and those that hadn't died right away had themselves been turned into a gibbering mass of mindless rage. The thought that there could be a cure made her lightheaded though she managed to get out, \"Whose blood is it?\" \"Sunny?\" Max looked at the young Indian woman. \"Sergeant Doyle's. There were no teeth marks so he wasn't bitten. He must've come into contact with one of the infected at some point, or just their blood or saliva. A single drop would've done the trick. The woman we found, the carrier, the only symptom she displayed was a bloodshot left eye, but he doesn't even have that.\" \"There was lots o' them infected ones killed. Coulda gotten it anyplace.\" Collin was right, Max mused. He just wasn't sure if they were lucky to have escaped or not. Fate had spared them for a reason, and when they reached the closest secure CDC research facility in Ireland, Max hoped and prayed that someone would listen before killing them outright. All talking ceased when they heard a groggy, gravel filled voice they didn't recognize speaking from behind them. \"What the **** is goin' on here? Where the hell are my pants?\" The group parted as Max and Sunny came forward. In the hall, one hand gripping the handrail, a sheet held around his waist with one hand, stood the world's salvation: Sergeant Doyle. He swayed, blinking at them in the dim light of the lanterns lining the hallway. Collin and Oscar rushed to catch Doyle before he fell and ruined all of Max's good work, Max following in their wake as they led the soldier back to bed. Max used the manual crank to raise the head of the bed as the other men let Doyle down gently. Doyle hissed in pain when his back touched the mattress. \"Sonofab****!\" \"Take it easy, Sergeant Doyle, or you'll reopen your wounds.\" \"Erg! My back ****ing hurts!\" His eyes shot at the group of people huddling in the doorway watching him with undisguised curiosity. Max shooed them away, asking Collin and Oscar to wait outside as he shut the door. \"Didn't expect you to be up and around so soon with all the meds in your system.\" \"Yeah, well, I burn 'em off too quick for them to do me any good.\" \"Didn't have a choice. You kept pulling out your IV and swearing a blue streak. Ruby threatened to hit you over the head with a rolling pin if you didn't stop.\" Max motioned for his patient to roll onto his side. Doyle reached across to grab the edge of the mattress for leverage wincing each time he touched around the burned areas. \"Unfortunately, there's a side effect to massive doses of pain and sedation meds that had to be pumped into your system.\" \"And that is…\" His examination concluded, Max patted Doyle's shoulder, and when the soldier looked at him again, his smile was gone. \"I'm sorry, Sergeant. You may have to deal with the pain of withdrawal.\" A small flicker of something entered Doyle's eyes and was gone leaving Max to believe it was his imagination. Doyle shifted around to get more comfortable before saying, \"That's just ****ing great!\" \"The pharmacy was looted, but they still have everything I need to whip up something to help alleviate the symptoms. I'll go in the morning because it's near an exit and we've already barricaded ourselves in for the night.\" Already shaking his head, Doyle stated shortly, \"No more drugs.\" Seeing that the other man was adamant, Max didn't push the issue. \"Understood. Hungry?\" \"I could eat.\" \"I'll have Ruby bring something in.\" Max got to his feet, took the clipboard and made a few notes. \"Any questions before I go?\" \"Yeah.\" Crossing his arms, Doyle sent a glare in Max's direction. \"Who the **** are you and where the **** are we?\" TBC[Chapter 2] A/N: This is an AU from near the end of the movie 28 Weeks Later with Jeremy Renner's character Sergeant Doyle. Spoilers for 28 Days Later… and 28 Weeks Later… ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 2 The last thing Doyle remembered before waking up in the hospital was pushing the car to get it started so Major Levy could take the kids to Wembley Stadium where Flynn would fly them out of the country. He hadn't wanted to leave them to travel alone. To him it was tantamount to abandoning his post. Something he'd already done. Getting them out of the city by any means possible was the only way he could make up for disobeying orders. If he'd died in the process, it was a fitting punishment, but apparently that hadn't happened. He remembered hearing the car start, feeling it jump when Scarlet let out the clutch and roar into life as she drove away. Next came the excruciating pain of being burned then nothing until just a few minutes ago. The fuzziness around the edges told him he'd been heavily medicated. Unable to completely focus his mind on what was going on, Doyle continued to glare at the doctor as if he were solely responsible for Doyle's current condition. The doctor was maybe five ten, dark hair sprinkled with gray and a calm, confident demeanor. Not arrogant like most doctors, but Doyle didn't let that stop him from demanding answers. \"Any questions before I go?\" \"Yeah.\" Crossing his arms, Doyle sent a glare in Max's direction. \"Who the **** are you and where the **** are we?\" To Doyle's surprise, the doctor chuckled at the obscenities, not even pretending to be shocked. \"Don't let Ruby hear you swearing in front of the younger members of our little group or she'll tell you a thing or two. \"I'm Dr. Max Price, by the way. Call me Max. I'm a doctor of, well, everything at the moment. We're hiding out in the basement of an abandoned hospital about twenty kilometers outside the kill zone I think you military types call it.\" \"Kill zone? Does that mean…\" \"'Fraid so. We got out of London a couple of hours before it was bombed. There's nothing left.\" Doyle couldn't find a memory to match Max's story. \"I don't…\" \"I had to heavily sedate you. Collin, Ruby and I carried you until we found a truck that would start, shoved you in the back while Collin drove. Had to keep hitting you with a combination of sedatives and sleeping meds to keep you under. Every time you started to come out of it, you'd scream in pain. Even now, it must be bad.\" Doyle started to shrug, stopping when the skin on his back and right arm stung. Only will power kept him from crying out. Max must've seen something in his eyes because he went to the door. \"Ruby'll be in soon with your meal. Hope you're not picky.\" \"I'll eat whatever she puts in front of me, doc.\" Max flashed him a half-smile. \"Gonna hold you to it, Sergeant.\" The door closed behind him and Doyle took the opportunity to voice the agony he was feeling. \"Sonofa*****!\" Throwing the covers off, he forced himself to stand straight as he went to the laundry cart in the corner. Sorting through the clean scrubs tossed in a pile, he came up with pants and a shirt that looked like they'd fit. With just the pants on, he went into the bathroom to look at his injuries. Most of them were covered with bandages, but some were bright red and exposed. Lifting his right arm, he pulled the bandage off to examine the spot on his bicep. It wasn't that big, but it hurt like hell. He replaced the bandage and turned the tap on cold. The trickle that came out was brown, but he splashed it on his face anyway. Letting the water drip down his chest, he ran his wet hands through his hair wincing when he touched the back where he'd been burned. \"Crap! I just had it cut.\" Without bothering to wipe the water from his face and chest, he shoved his head and arms into a shirt, groaning as his sore skin stretched and pulled. Ignoring the pain, he started poking around in the stuff piled against the far wall. When the doc had moved him in here, they'd just shoved everything to one side so the bed would fit. From what he could tell, it had once been storage for the admittance kits the hospital gave to each patient. Down under stacks of towels and piles of folded sheets, he found a pair of slippers. He put them on and had just sat on the side of the bed when someone knocked. \"Yeah?\" The door opened to admit an older woman carrying a tray which she set on a rolling table and moved over in front of him. \"Good t' see you up and around, love. I'm Ruby. Max asked me t' bring you some supper. Sorry it's not more appetizin'.\" \"It's fine, ma'am. I'll eat anything that doesn't eat me first.\" He grinned at her accent and lilting laugh, both broadcasting her Scottish heritage. Picking up the spoon, he proved his statement by scarfing down every last drop from the bowl then cleaned up the gravy with a slice of bread. He wiped his mouth, balled up the napkin and tossed it in the empty bowl then belched. \"Well, I guess that says it all, doesn't it?\" Ruby's brown eyes twinkled with humor as she gathered up the tray while Doyle finished off the glass of lukewarm tea. \"Want more?\" \"I'm good. Why'd we stop? It wasn't because of me, way it?\" Turning the chair around, Ruby plopped into it. \"Och, no. One of the lorries broke down and you needed tendin' without all the jostlin' around.\" The urge to scratch some of the burned areas was almost more than Doyle could stand. He gripped the edge of the mattress hard until the feeling went away. \"How long we been here?\" \"Fourteen days. Pricey was gonna let you rest another day or two before bringin' you out. Guess you beat him to it.\" Shrugging, he got to his feet. Picking up the tray, he gestured for Ruby to go ahead then followed her out. \"Heading for a CDC research center?\" \"That we are.\" Taking one of the lanterns from the hall, Ruby led Doyle through the break room into the kitchen. He dumped the disposable bowl and spoon into the trash and set the tray on one of the counters while Ruby ignored his protests and poured him another glass of tea. \"Even with the IV's, you're dehydrated. Drink as much as you want. We make it by droppin' loose tea into pitchers of water from the stream up the road and let it sit in the sun all day. Got some beer too, but it's not cold. Wouldn't be a good idea for you t' have it what with all the drugs you got floatin' around inside you.\" \"Warm beer mixed with my first real meal in a couple of weeks? I'd probably ralph it up.\" \"Aye. And we can't afford t' be waistin'.\" The older woman leaned against one of the counters with her arms crossed. Doyle had more than a few questions, but Ruby wasn't the one to be asking. \"Who's watching the perimeter?\" \"Some of the newbies are standing patrol until the midnight shift change.\" She moved and that's when Doyle saw that she had a handgun shoved into the waistband of her pants. Her eyes followed his and she smiled sadly. \"Everyone carries. Don't wanna get caught unawares, if uninvited guests come callin'.\" \"Speaking of which, where are the weapons? I should be armed just in case.\" Rolling her eyes, Ruby moved toward the exit apparently expecting him to follow. \"Baby steps, Sergeant. Get some sleep and revisit the subject in the mornin' with Max.\" \"But…\" \"And don't go lookin' for the weapons and explosives 'cause they're guarded.\" At the exit, she turned. \"And put all but two of the hallway lanterns out before you go t' bed. 'Night.\" Back in his room thirty minutes later, Doyle threw a damp towel at the wall. \"****!\" Against Ruby's advice, he searched as many of the rooms as he dared. Some he couldn't go into because people were sleeping. He also didn't find anything he could wear aside from the scrubs. I'll raid the local Walmart in the morning. Putting down the head of the bed, Doyle stared at the ceiling certain he hurt too bad to sleep, but the sedatives and sleep aides still in his system had other ideas and he was soon out for the count. ~~O~~ Voices in the hall woke Doyle from replays of the escape from the rampaging horde of infected people chasing him, Scarlet, Tammy and Andy. One time he and his charges had been caught and ripped to shreds. Another, he was the only survivor, killed by a sweeper team who cornered him inside a pub, shot while he was drinking a beer as if it were just any other day. Each scenario was more horrifying than the last. The worst had to be when they had managed to evade the infected and the sweeper teams. They arrived at Wembley Stadium to meet Flynn and were overrun with infected just a few steps from freedom. He awoke covered in sweat, the sheets and scrubs sticking to his body. A shower was out of the question, but he did splash water on his face. Turning his head side to side examining the beard, he decided to leave it for now. It wasn't regulation, but nothing about this assignment had gone according to plan. They spent weeks bored out of their minds then in an instant, it had all changed. As far as Doyle knew, he was the only member of Delta Force deployed to London still alive and would proceed as if that were true. Another thing puzzled him. Why had the doctor bothered saving his life? By Max's own admission, he and the others had to carry him out of the city, which would've been difficult under ideal circumstances. And their lives right now were nowhere close to ideal. Doyle had seen the reports of the events immediately after the first outbreak. The entire island had been cordoned off leaving those still alive and uninfected to believe they'd been abandoned by their country and the world. And into that world arose petty tyrants. Men and women who thought that the breakdown of society had given them carte blanche to do as they pleased to those without power, influence or the stones to stand up to them. Shoving his feet into the slippers, he left his room and followed the group into the dining room. Breakfast of oatmeal, coffee, tea and not much else waited to be eaten. But instead of serving themselves, they stood in a circle holding hands. When he hesitated, a young woman with long blonde hair in a ponytail smiled and took his right hand, Ruby doing the same on his left. They all bowed their heads, and just to keep the peace, he did as well, listening as the voice of a middle-aged man spoke softly yet with conviction. \"Thank you, Lord, for being there for us and allowing us to cry out to You in our time of need. It is amazing, Lord, that You would take time to listen and to care about what we say. \"God, there are things happening right now that we do not understand. Some of these things make us feel weak, helpless and afraid. Even in the midst of this, we know that You are the Lord, that the situation is in Your hands. We trust You and beseech You for strength, for wisdom and for courage that we will be able to endure in a way that will bring glory to Your name. \"In name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Amen.\" Taking his place at the end of the line, Doyle picked up a disposable bowl and plastic spoon. When he turned to find a place to sit, all the tables were occupied with only a few empty chairs. So far he'd only been introduced to Max and Ruby. The rest were strangers though he did recognize a few from the night before. Pulling out the chair next to Max, the only one facing the door, Doyle sat down, automatically reaching for the sugar and cinnamon. He sprinkled some of both in his oatmeal and stirred, his head down watching the dark brown of the cinnamon swirling around until it disappeared. \"How're you feeling this morning, Sergeant?\" Doyle looked up and found watery brown eyes in a lined face watching him boldly. Resisting a shrug, the soldier kept poking the spoon into his food. These people obviously knew who he was, had been taking care of him for the last two weeks. No reason he shouldn't answer. \"Sore. Tired. Didn't sleep well.\" \"Understandable,\" Max put in from his right. \"I know you don't want the drugs any longer, but if you change your mind…\" \"I won't, but thanks.\" Max lifted one shoulder and reached for his coffee, using one finger to point out the others as he introduced them. \"Jasper King, Lucy Hamilton and Alfie Middleton.\" Lucy smiled blandly at him and went back to eating. Alfie, on the other hand, barely looked up. No one offered to shake hands, and Doyle understood their reticence. What he didn't get was why the others in the room were whispering behind his back, so to speak. Furtive glances kept coming his way. He'd feel someone staring only to look away when they were caught. Their intense scrutiny came out of curiosity, not fear, and Doyle guessed it had to do with the drama of his rescue and their exodus from London before it was bombed. They hadn't had to tell him about the bombing. As part of NATO, Delta Force had been informed of the contingency plan should another outbreak occur. The first one they handled by cordoning off the city, rounding up the uninfected and shipping them off to refugee camps in Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Greece while they waited for the infected to die of starvation. Once infected, a person's sense of self-preservation and will were overridden by the compulsion to infect others. It became the main driving force, so much so that someone afflicted with the rage virus ignored the body's need for nourishment, water or even shelter. They became driven by instinct alone, filled with rage, aggression and extreme anger. Adrenaline would pump into their system giving them heightened mobility and endurance enabling them to cover vast areas of open countryside in a short amount of time. At this point, Scotland was still under quarantine, had been since it was discovered that a multitude of infected had traversed the distance, infecting more as they went. At the last briefing, the troops sent in to dispose of the infected still hadn't found them all. And after this second occurrence…Doyle scoffed. Occurrence was too mild a word, but try as he might, he couldn't come up with one bad enough he could say out loud. FUBAR, SUSFU, TARFU and BOHIC were more like it, but he would hold off on voicing his opinions until he got to know his companions better. After this occurrence, NATO wouldn't have hesitated to drop a few skillfully place bombs on Zombie Central. One and two at a time, the rest of the group finished eating and stopped to introduce themselves to the soldier. The men nodding, one or two flipping him a salute, and the women giving him bold once-overs. All but a pair of shy teenage girls. Just to make them blush, he winked at them only to receive glare from Ruby. He'd looked to the right when the kitchen door slammed to find the older woman standing there, hands on her hips and a death glare that rivaled the one bestowed upon him by his DI at least once a day every day all during BCT. When he'd moved on to AIT, that same DI had nodded once in approval. But now, the man was long dead, felled by a stroke not three months into retirement. If Sergeant Ryland could see him as part of a ragtag group of survivors left over from a plague the likes of which had never been seen in the world, he'd just shake his head and pitch in without a word. Thinking of Ryland made Doyle realize how lucky they all were. They'd been given one more chance to live. Almost as if God was telling them \"You better not screw it up this time.\" \"Sergeant?\" Max's voice broke into Doyle's thoughts startling him. \"Yeah?\" Pushing away from the table, Doyle followed the doctor down the hall and into one of the rooms that had been occupied during the night. They were joined by another man, both watching him as if he had all the answers. \"Sergeant Doyle, this is Archer Young. He and I have been trying to lead this group while you've been out of action. Now that you're up and around, we'd like you to take over as our leader.\" \"Me? Why?\" Too restless to sit, Doyle paced in front of the closed door. He waved an arm. \"They don't know me, but they do know you .\" Shifting in his seat, Max crossed his arms. \"But I'm a doctor. Sure, I can issue orders with the best of 'em, but they… we need someone for whom leadership is the job.\" \"But I'm just a grunt. A guy who takes orders from someone else.\" Max and Archer exchange an indulgent smile. \"If that were true, you wouldn't have abandoned your post to save innocent civilians from being slaughtered like herds of cattle suspected of having Mad Cow disease.\" The other man, bald as an egg though he wasn't more than forty, and muscular, added his voice to Max's. \"It'd be a right ol' favor you'd be doin' us, Sarge.\" Looking from one to the other, Doyle only saw sincerity and candor. They honestly thought him the best person to lead them to safety, if there was such a thing waiting for them over the next hill or the one after that. It was true that they needed someone to keep them focused and motivated. To make sure they believed what he believed. That they'd make it out of this, to live without worrying that they'd be killed or worse, turned into murderous rage monsters. Stopping his aimless pacing, he faced the men, arms crossed and feet planted shoulder width apart as he jumped head first into his new role. Mentally making a list, he reached to open the door, stopping when Max asked, \"What do you want to do first, Sergeant?\" A long-suffering sigh whooshed out, his hands gesturing at his attire. \"Get me some real clothes. No one's gonna take me seriously in this get-up.\" \"And second?\" \"A 'family' meeting.\" He didn't bother with finger quotes, letting his tone do the work for him. \"You can announce the change in command then.\" Archer grinned at Doyle's take-charge tone. \"You have a plan, don't cha?\" \"I do.\" Opening the door, Doyle stepped out almost running into Ruby, Lucy and a man in his sixties who had been listening at the door. While Lucy and the man were embarrassed at getting caught, Ruby actually seemed proud of herself. To the man, Doyle said, \"We haven't met. I'm Sergeant Doyle.\" Incongruous in khakis and a T-shirt advertising a popular heavy metal band, the white-haired man just stared. Fortunately, Ruby came to his rescue. \"Lukas don't speak much English. Just enough to be helpin' me in the kitchen.\" A half-grin turned up one side of Doyle's mouth just before he spoke to Lukas in halting German. \" Sprechen sie, Deutsch? \" Lukas' face lit up. \" Ja! Ja! \" Doyle and Lukas continued speaking in German until Doyle patted him on the shoulder and pointed. Lukas nodded and hurried away. Feeling like he was being watched, Doyle turned to find Max, Lucy, Ruby and Archer watching him with awe. \"What?\" \"You speak German?\" Blowing off their disbelief, Doyle opened the door to his room. \"Frankfurt was my first duty station. I was there about six months. Learning the language was the easiest way to get a date.\" Max led the others away as he closed the door on their chuckling. What he said was true. He'd purposely chatted up women who didn't speak English. That in turn had gotten him many dates. All women who wanted to teach him a thing or three about the German language. He returned the favor…and a lot more. His fond memories of those months were pushed from his mind as he mentally prepared himself to take charge. Ruby knocked on the door a few minutes later carrying a bowl of warm water and a bar of soap. Without a word, she set it on the table and left him alone. Lukas returned just as Doyle finished washing up as best he could. He thanked him in both German and English then Max came in to check his wounds. Every time Max touched the area surrounding the deepest burns, he hissed in pain though it didn't feel as bad as it had the night before. He guessed that knowing the onset of withdrawal symptoms could happen at any moment had taken some of that soreness away. With the fresh bandages pulling at the skin, he got dressed. He topped off the jeans, a black T-shirt, boxers and hunting boots with a denim jacket. Lukas had also included a razor and comb making Doyle wonder if it was the German's way of telling him the beard had to go. Taking the not so subtle hint, he used the brown trickle from the sink to shave then combed what was left of his hair, careful not to bump the burned area at the back of his head. From the feel of it, hair was already starting to grow through the damaged skin. In a couple of weeks, most of the burns would be healed, but the worst hit areas would take months. Nothing could change what happened, so he didn't dwell on it. Stepping out of his room, he had no idea where to go or what needed to be done. Sitting around had never been his MO. He wouldn't be able to do much heavy lifting, but he had to do something to keep busy. Going into the kitchen, he watched Ruby and Lukas work together like they'd been doing it for years instead of just a few days. \"Give you a hand?\" \"Of course.\" Ruby drew him to the set of three sinks at the far end. Inside were three chickens with their head and feet chopped off. A slit had been cut across the bottom of the belly leaving a gaping hole. \"You can pluck these while we get the pots boiling and the vegetables cut up.\" Having seen more dead bodies in one day than he had in all the years before, Doyle became annoyed with himself when his stomach heaved at the idea of plucking the newly killed chickens. Logically, he knew that the chicken in his Thai food had once been a living, breathing animal, but he'd never been brought in this soon in the preparation process. A pair of work gloves came into his sight. He took them from Lukas, slipped them on, held onto one of the birds by the leg, grabbed a handful of feathers and yanked, doing it again and again until the first one was done. With a long sigh, he wiped the back of one hand across his brow. Some days you just do the work whether you like it or not. Today was an \"or not\" day. ~~O~~ Singly or in small groups, the rest of the troops wondered in. Some were drawn by the smell of the food cooking and others just because they knew it was lunch time. Instead of setting up the food line in the crowded dining room, Doyle had suggested they leave the pots of hearty chicken and vegetable soup on the gas stove to keep it warm. Bread was replaced with a variety of crackers. And again, iced tea to drink rounded out the meal. While the others ate, Max called the group to order. \"I have an announcement, everyone. If you're all agreeable, I'm going to turn the burden of leadership over to Sergeant Doyle. This will free up my time to work in the lab with Sunny. We're hoping that we can find something to give to the CDC that will help them create a cure for the rage virus. Sergeant?\" Getting to his feet, Doyle nodded a greeting to everyone before beginning. \"Thanks, doc. I've been thinking about our situation and don't think we should wait here in hopes that rescue will come to us.\" One of the men whose name he didn't know raised his hand. \"What you got in mind, Sarge?\" Doyle confidently met the eyes of each and every person present. \"We're gettin' the **** out of England.\" TBC[Chapter 3] 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 3 Watching from the back of the room as Doyle excited their little community, Lucy wondered what the future held for them all. Despite his insistence that he wasn't a leader, the American soldier did exactly that. He filled them with hope and optimism, made them believe that their world wouldn't always be about hiding and scrounging just to stay alive. Afraid to be out at night because the infected traveled then. They hadn't encountered one in over two weeks and were about due, in her estimation. What do I know? I'm a musician, not a soldier or doctor or anything that will help us reach the safety of Ireland. I should set out on my own, leave them with one less person to worry about. Her mind made up, Lucy excused herself, going to her room and shoving her few personal possessions into the old backpack. When she fled London, she'd joined up with Max, Collin and Ruby, providing another pair of hands to carry Doyle as well as another set of eyes to keep watch. But they didn't need her anymore. Maybe once I'm was away from here, I'll find a guitar that won't be too much of a burden to carry. It was her turn on first watch tonight along with Alfie and those new fellas from Ipswich. All she had was the handgun she'd been issued when they first took up residence in this place. All she needed was ammunition. Shoving the bag under her bed, Lucy returned to the dining room just as the meeting broke up. Doyle called her over to let her know that for now, they'd keep to the same guard rotation as they had been until he feels the need for change. \"Thanks, Sergeant. I'll be gettin' to my chores now, if you've nothin' else.\" \"I think you'll find that I have a relaxed command style. All I ask is should the time come when my services are needed, that no one question orders in an emergency.\" \"'Course not.\" She gave him a sad smile then headed for the back of the building. A stream ran behind the hospital and it was a perfect place to wash clothes. Not exactly her favorite job, but it had to be done. Thankfully, she'd located the stores of gloves so she wouldn't injure her hands. Archie and Florence had already gathered up everyone's clothes and were only waiting on her to take the short walk through the field. Archie kept watch while she and Florence, or Flo as she'd asked to be called, used rocks on along the water's edge to scrub at the dirt and grime. Some of it came out, but most wouldn't. There wasn't much choice at the moment. Once they ran out, no telling how long until they'd be near a shop again. Provided that this virus hadn't spread around the world. \"That Doyle's a handsome bloke, ain't 'e, love?\" Flo usually preferred quiet when working, surprising Lucy with the subject matter. \"Oh, he's a bit of alright, though I prefer my blokes a little more on the artistic side.\" Flo clicked her tongue in reprimand. \"Can't afford t' be a chooser when you're beggin' for companionship. How old you reckon he be?\" Looking up at the sky as if the answer were written in the puffy white clouds overhead, Lucy pondered that question for all of three seconds. \"Kinda old. Forty, maybe.\" The older woman chuckled. \"Oh, love. Forty's not old. M' granddad lived t' be ninety-three. 'N he still had it all goin' on upstairs too, if ya get my drift.\" \"I do. It's just that I don't want t' get too attached, just in case. 'N with him bein' in charge 'n all, what if the others think I'm doin' 'im just to curry favor?\" Setting back on her heels, Flo shook her head sadly. \"Then pay 'em no mind 'cause they'd only be jealous that you got there first. I know he's not up to it yet, but when he is, make your interest known. If he turns you down, move on. 'N if he doesn't then you'll have each other in th' times when comfort is needed.\" \"He could also only want the one time.\" \"'N that's good too. Just 'cause the future's uncertain, doesn't mean you shouldn't have a bit o' fun now and again.\" Picking up a pair of pants soiled with engine grease, Lucy applied a generous amount of stain lifter and set them aside. \"I'll think about it. Now can we just work? I don't really feel like talkin' today.\" The rest of their time passed slowly, but eventually, they finished. Together, they hung the clothes, towels, bedclothes and whatnot over the branches of trees to dry. As warm and breezy as it was, they'd be done before nightfall. Hours later, dark had come once more to the hospital and its residents. Once everyone but the guards had gone to bed, Lucy waited another hour before slipping into the weapons room, a locked supply closet. She gathered as much ammo as would fit in the voluminous pockets of her cargo pants, and returned to her room. Careful not to wake her roommate, she added it to her bag then returned to her post. When they first arrived, they'd blocked all the stairwells with cement and bricks. Not to keep them from getting out, but to stop looters and infected from getting in. After telling Collin that she had a headache and she would go have a lie down, she retrieved her bag and took the stairs to the roof. From there, she would climb down the side where she'd already stashed a rope, and take off in whatever direction suited her fancy as long as it wasn't toward London. She was just unwinding the rope when the sound of someone moving around startled a scream out of her just before Doyle came around the air conditioning unit, hands in his pockets. Looking for all the world as if he were out on a Sunday stroll. He didn't say a word at first. Just stood there looking out over the streets of town, empty of people, the vehicles sitting in the sun waiting for owners who would never return. All she could do was stand there as well, the rope dangling from one hand, waiting for Doyle to speak. \"I need your help.\" \"All I do is play guitar and sing. Wasn't successful at it, but it's what I do.\" Leaning against the A/C unit, ankles crossed, he shrugged. One shoulder, the left, twitched up then down. \"Don't know much about kids. The younger ones need someone who speaks their language.\" \"Clover and Waverly? They do speak English, ya know.\" One side of his mouth lifted in a wry grin. \"Sure about that?\" Chuckling, Lucy had to give him that. The two teenage girls had wondered in a few days after they'd arrived, frightened and in shock. They were only just now beginning to come out of themselves and each other, refusing to be separated or to go outside. It had taken all of Lucy's persuasive powers to get them to leave their rooms. \"Yeah.\" Doyle's grin stayed in place and a pleading tone entered his voice. \"You'd really be doin' me a favor. At least for a couple of weeks.\" Lucy knew what he was up to, and she let him. Simply because she didn't relish being alone. \"Two weeks then…\" \"…you're in the wind.\" Doyle bent down to snag her bag with one hand and the rope with the other then headed for the roof access. She still thought he was a bit old for her. Maybe they were meant to be friends and nothing else. And she was okay with that. \"Do you also speak 'Alfie'?\" Rolling her eyes, she stated, \"No one does,\" making Doyle really laugh for the first time since he'd come awake. It made him look younger, more approachable. Maybe I'll stay after all. ~~O~~ At Max's insistence as the head of their medical team, the small group of survivors stayed entrenched at the hospital for another week to let Doyle heal a little more before starting off on their trek to Ireland. Their trip across the North Sea would have to be by ferry, if Collin and Oscar could get one running. The landing site would be far to the north or south in order to avoid the coast near Dublin and the troops blockading the city. Pounding on the roof indicated that they were pulling over. Signaling the other vehicles, he received toots on the horns in response as the Hummer turned onto a dirt road that wound through overgrown brush and trees. A minute later, an old farmhouse, barn and corral came into view. Leaping to the ground, Doyle opened the doors for his companions, Max groaning as he slid from behind the wheel. \"Looks deserted, but we should knock just in case.\" Doyle nodded and again signaled the others, all armed. With a nod, they went to check out the barn and the back of the house. The booted feet of Doyle, Max, Lucy and Ruby thumped on the sagging front porch of the shabby farmhouse and a moment later heard a noise like the mewling of a cat. It built to a crescendo, overlaid with the voice of a young woman calling out, \" Hello? Come in please! \" With his back to the door, Doyle kept a watchful eye on the countryside while several others, all armed, roamed around to the back of the house and into the barn, drawn by the lowing of cows and the whinny of horses as they ran in the paddock. His fingers flexed and tensed on the stock of the HK417, one of a large number of weapons he'd taken from an abandoned military base. Oscar referred to it as his BFG. His Big ****ing Gun. Their group had expanded to more than twenty from the ten they had when they left the hospital. A couple of the older men had been in the military back in the day, and to his surprise, they'd readily accepted Doyle as the leader of the group. Since he'd awakened in the hospital, everyone looked to him to be their savior. Why, he didn't know, but it felt good to be needed and wanted. After the withdrawal symptoms started, he needed something to keep his mind and body occupied so he didn't think about breaking into the store of drugs to ease the restlessness and pain that came with the muscle aches, irritability and sleeplessness. Chills caused his body to shudder uncontrollably then just as suddenly, he'd be soaked with sweat. His back hurt almost constantly and they had to make frequent stops for the bouts of diarrhea and vomiting. Thankfully, that seemed to be coming to an end. When they stopped, the doc would take his vitals and nod, a small smile playing on his lips. He took that to mean he was getting better. But he didn't need the doc to tell him that. He could feel it, but it was still good to have confirmation. Max apologized for causing his suffering in that matter-of-fact way he had. Going through the withdrawal process hurt like nothing Doyle had ever felt before. Even more than the still healing burns on his body, but he was glad to be alive, and assured Max it was all good. That they were good. At the voice from inside, Doyle's soldier's instincts pushed to the fore. He directed his team to hang back while he checked it out. Motioning the others out of the way, he let the rifle hang from his neck by the strap and pulled out the 9-mm Browning. Much easier to use in close quarters. Pushing the door open with his right hand, he winced as its rusty hinges screeched loudly in the quiet of a sunny mid-afternoon. The farmhouse wasn't large by any means, barely big enough for a family of four to move around in without getting in each other's way. A layer of dust lay over every surface, even in the small kitchen. His boots made noise on the rough wooden floors no matter how carefully he tread and the smell of rotting food assailed his already heightened senses. He pinched the bridge of his nose to stop the sneeze building, breathing a sigh of relief when it went away. \" Hello? Is someone there? \" Max and Lucy had stopped just inside the front door, their eyes going wide at the weakness of the female voice calling out to them. On top of it came the cries of a baby. Before he could stop them, they'd hurried toward the back of the house and through an open door. \"Doc! Lucy! No!\" Doyle rushed after them then slowed down, coming to the same conclusion as they. Anyone able to speak coherently couldn't be infected with the rage virus or they'd have been on them the instant they set foot on the sagging, peeling porch. He stopped in the doorway at the sight of a malnourished young woman with tangled auburn hair lying on the bed, one hand rubbing the back of a tiny baby cradled against her chest. \"What the hell…\" \"Thank God you've come. Didn't think we'd make it much longer on our own.\" Her accent was common for someone born and raised not far from this very spot, if Doyle didn't miss his guess. She noticed him then and smiled wanly. \"Oh. Hullo.\" Doyle nodded once. \"Ma'am. You alone here?\" \"Aye. Just me 'n the babe since Lawrence passed on.\" Max slanted a look at Doyle, turning it into a bland smile as he faced the girl again. \"I'm Dr. Price. This is Sergeant Doyle and Lucy.\" \"You boys're American?\" Max nodded, his smile turning into a frown when the girl coughed a few times causing a rattling in her chest. \"Always wanted t' visit th' colonies. Guess this'll have t' do.\" \"What's your name?\" Max accepted the bag from Lucy, his self-appointed nurse. Her blonde hair had been long when Doyle first set eyes on her, but she'd cut it to chin length rather than spend an inordinate amount of time caring for it. Now it framed her face, bangs hanging above wide green eyes. She was dressed much as he was in khakis, a plain white T-shirt and boots. Kneeling beside Max, she calmly awaited instructions, one hand still on the handle of the case. \"Louise.\" Her eyes dropped closed then she forced them open again. \"Call me Lu.\" \"Alright, Lu. How about I have a look at you?\" Lou nodded, wincing when the baby started to cry again. \"The babe hasn't been fed in a while. I haven't been well this past week or so and couldn't get to the barn for milk today.\" Pacing to the window, Doyle looked out to see his companions digging holes to bury the carcasses of chickens that had died of starvation. A family of cats watched from the side of the barn away from the paddock where the horses had come to the rails to view the events with intense stares of disapproval. \"Lucy, find out if anyone knows how to milk a cow. Bottles are probably in the kitchen. Fill as many as you can. Make sure they're very clean. Warm the milk to body temperature.\" The street musician grinned. \"I'll be thinkin' that Ruby knows her way 'round the business bits of a cow.\" Max smiled. \"Wouldn't be surprised.\" Doyle had to move before he jumped out of his skin. He needed room to pace, to walk off some of the restlessness that built up in his system when he stayed still too long. \"Doc…\" Getting to his feet, Max turned with the baby in his arms. \"Could you hold her while I exam her mother?\" The young mother turned a sad smile on him, one filled with pleading. \"Please, Sergeant? It's just been the two of us so she's not felt the lovin' arms of her father and needs to feel safe.\" Lu's eyes filled with tears, and like most men, he couldn't handle a crying woman and gave in so she would stop. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Setting the rifle within easy reach, Doyle took the child from Max. The doctor used a corner of the blanket to wipe tears from her chubby cheeks. \"Keep her head supported…that's good. Now walk around. See if that will calm her until the milk's ready.\" \"Doc…\" \"Oh, you look so natural, Sergeant Doyle. I'm thinkin' you'd make a wonderful father.\" Her words kept him from saying he'd decided long ago not to have children of his own. His three older brothers had seven kids between them making family gatherings like feeding time at the Seattle zoo. More often than not, as the only single member of the family, he ended up sitting with the kids. He loved his nieces and nephews, but one could only take so much family togetherness before he had to go home to his solitary life in his quiet off-base apartment. He paced from one side of the room to the other, taking care to keep his eyes averted from what the doctor was doing and only half listening to their quiet conversation. \"How old is she?\" He heard a shrug in her response. \"Lost track. Maybe six weeks.\" \"How long has your husband been gone?\" \"It was before the radio and tellys stopped transmittin' after the first outbreak.\" From what Doyle had pieced together listening to others tell their stories, the one radio station that had been brought back online during NATO's repopulation efforts had gone off the day he Scarlet, Andy and Tammy had made a break for freedom. For more than six months Lu had been all alone. She had the baby alone and had tried to carry on alone. Such a sad life. His wasn't much better. When not on a mission with his Delta Force squad, he spent most of his time alone or in solitary pursuits. Such was the life of a sniper. At least Lu had an excuse. He didn't. Doyle jumped when Max touched him on the arm, nodding at Lu. \"I need to get supplies from the truck. Stay with her.\" \"Don't be gone long, doc.\" Not knowing what to say to the young mother, Doyle stayed quiet. Standing at the window, he began to sway side to side, one hand patting the little girl's back. Lucy came in with a bottle, Doyle answering her smirk with a lighthearted scowl as the girl left again. He upended the bottle and touched it to the baby's lips. She opened her mouth and latched onto the rubber nipple sucking greedily. \"Whoa! Lookit her go. \" \"She's starvin', the poor mite.\" The bed creaked as she shifted and adjusted the covers. \"You'll be wantin' to burp her when she's done.\" He slanted his eyes at her and away. \"Haven't been around babies much. No idea what to do.\" \"Get a towel from the 'loo and put it over your shoulder.\" He did as he was told and returned. \"Support the head and neck, bring her upright and put her on your shoulder.\" \"That it?\" Again Lu smiled at him, her eyes drifting closed. \"Sometimes. If it don't happen right away, walk around some and rub her back.\" Following instructions, Doyle paced the room again, stopping to look out the window. Alfie was good-naturedly teasing one of the teenage girls. He took off running and she chased him, both laughing and having a bit of fun despite their circumstances. Again swaying side to side, Doyle fell into a natural rhythm. \"What's your first name, Sergeant?\" He looked at her and away in embarrassment. \"Uh…Nigel, ma'am.\" One side of her mouth turned upward. \"Part Brit, are ya?\" Shrugging one shoulder, Doyle continued pacing. \"For some reason, my parents give me and my older brothers names guaranteed to cause playground fights. Theirs are Alistair, Rupert and Cyril.\" \"Those are fine names. Unusual for Americans though.\" Lu sighed deeply ending on a cough that she tried to suppress. \"Nigel, would you please see that my girl's well taken care of? Make sure she knows that her mum and dad loved her?\" \"The doc'll fix you up and you can tell her yourself.\" The lie came easily to Doyle and Lu accepted it as truth. \"Uh, what's her name?\" \"Lawrence's mum died when he was a lad so we were goin' to name her Fredonia, but it didn't seem to fit my girl.\" \"I see her as more of a…Gracie.\" There was no answer from the mother and Doyle didn't know if that meant she liked the name or hated it and wanted to spare his feelings. \"What do you think of that, little one? Should we call you Gracie?\" The baby gurgled like she was agreeing then burped louder than the soldier thought something that small should be able to. She was such a tiny thing, barely weighing twelve pounds, if he had to guess. \"Hey! She likes it! Did you hear that, Mommy? I mean Mummy .\" Again there was no answer from Lu. Doyle turned expecting to see the young mother sleeping peacefully only to find that her already pale skin had gone deathly white. One hand lay limply on her stomach and her chest had stopped moving. He went to the bed and pressed two fingers against the underside of her jaw. The baby had gone to sleep on his shoulder. His mouth a grim line, he rested one big hand over Gracie's back to steady her as he made his way to the front door. \"Doc.\" Max pulled his head out of the open back door of the truck, crossed the yard with Lucy on his heels and strode quickly through the house to the bedroom. Doyle followed, watching as Max took Lu's wrist, automatically feeling for a pulse. Shaking his head, he laid her hand back on her stomach. \"I'm sorry, Sergeant.\" Gracie moved, a gurgle coming from her throat as her tiny nose grazed the side of his neck. An hour later, the travelers stood over a newly dug grave as Ruby said a prayer for Gracie's mother. The others drifted away one or two at a time until only Doyle and the baby remained. Silently, the soldier vowed to do as Lu had asked of him. He would take care of Gracie until the day he died. And just like that, Doyle became a father. ~~O~~ After turning the livestock free, Lucy and the other women flocked around Doyle offering advice and cooing over Gracie. They went inside to gather up diapers, clothes, the few toys they could find and bottles filled with enough milk to keep her fed until they found a store with powdered formula. Max just shook his head and herded everyone to the vehicles. At the next military base, they traded in one of the trucks for a couple of Humvees complete with heavy duty winches, an MK 19 grenade launcher, an M2 heavy machine gun, and an assortment of other weapons. Radios, food and bottled water, too. Doyle walked around, issuing orders, commenting on which weapons to take and which to leave behind. And he did it all with Gracie sleeping on his shoulder. A couple of the older men grinned at the sight of a full laundry room of uniforms as well, but had been voted down. No one, not even Doyle wanted to wear the thick material if they didn't have to. Instead, they stopped to raid several clothing stores, limiting everyone to no more than two pairs of pants and four shirts. Now, with the baby along, they'd have to stop again. Something that could be done when they got to Dublin and located the CDC research lab rumored to be there. Max led the way at the wheel of one of the Humvees, Doyle sitting in the turret keeping an eye out for anyone and anything that looked hinkey. Now that the soldier couldn't see him, the doctor's internal grin showed externally as Ruby and Lucy kept watch over the sleeping child. They'd been on the road about an hour when Gracie began to cry. The radio that Max kept close at hand crackled and he knew who it would be. \"Go ahead, Sergeant.\" \" Why's she crying? What did you do to her? \" Doyle demanded. \"We didn't do anythin'. She needs changin'.\" Max spotted a dirt road that lead to another farmhouse that appeared to be abandoned. He briefly considered turning down the road, but changed his mind. There was a pause then, \" Oh. \" Doyle's relief was evident. Max would've just pulled over so Doyle could learn to change the diaper, but they had to reach the next town before nightfall in order to locate the most defensible place to hunker down for the night. \"She'll be fine.\" Ruby snorted and lowered the window so she could stick her head out. \"I've changed my share o' nappies, boy. This'll be-what did ye call it?\" This time they heard a smile in Doyle's voice. Something that hadn't happened since he stopped taking the drugs that saved his life. \" Easy-peasy .\" \"Right. But don't get too comfy up there, love. This'll be yer job soon enough.\" \" Uh…yeah. Right. \" They all heard and ignored a small hitch in the sigh that signaled the fear was back. Just the fact that Doyle was alive when he should be dead, either from the virus or being burned to death by the sweeper team spoke of a strength of will Max had seldom seen displayed in quite this way. The hospital had contained a full pharmacy where he could've formulated a palliative to help with the symptoms, but the soldier had turned him down flat, preferring to go cold turkey. To be fair, some of the work had been done before Doyle was brought out of the heavy sedation. It also had to do with Doyle's personality. If he'd been the type of man to just slide through life, he would never have been accepted into Delta Force nor would he have survived this long. That same tenacity had seen him through the worst of the withdrawal symptoms and would do him well as Gracie's guardian. Ignoring the radio, Doyle leaned over the side of the Humvee. \"Hey, doc. Let's make a pit stop.\" Max nodded and a moment later he heard a sharp whistle as the soldier signaled to the other driver's. Before they'd come to a complete stop, Doyle vaulted over the side, hit the ground running and disappeared into the brush, that nasty looking rifle slung over his shoulder. Sunny, driving the third vehicle in the convoy, jumped down and came to Max's side. \"What's going on?\" Shrugging, Max rubbed at his lower back. \"Not as young as I used to be, Sunny. Sitting so long makes these old muscles ache. Thought we could all use a good stretch.\" As a member of the medical team, Sunny was privy to everything about everyone in the group. She knew the real reason they'd stopped was for Doyle's sake. Ruby and Lucy were the only other people to know about Doyle's problem and he trusted them to keep it that way. Twenty minutes later, everyone who needed to had taken their turn at relieving themselves. At the moment, Doyle was in the back seat with Gracie assuring himself that she was okay. Try as he might, he wasn't able to keep the glimmer of anxiety from his eyes though Max was certain no one else saw it. Opening the other door, Max leaned his left arm on the doorframe, gesturing at the rifle now resting between Doyle's knees. \"My turn up top.\" One big hand rested gently on Gracie's stomach, spanning the undernourished child's entire body and making her look small. \"Sorry, doc. That's my job.\" \"Son, I was a Marine back in Desert Shield then, in Desert Storm. I still know my way around a BFG.\" Doyle opened his mouth to protest and Max grinned. Reluctantly, Doyle passed the rifle over, but kept the Browning. Reaching over the back seat, Max shook the young man sleeping there. \"You're turn to drive, Alfie.\" \"Right.\" Swinging his legs over the back seat, the former cashier for Hungry Harry's Petrol 'n Pizza carefully avoided the make-shift car seat and kept going until he was behind the wheel, all semblance of sleep gone. Alfie didn't say anything more. Just slid the seat back to accommodate his long legs, buckled his seatbelt and waited while Max hooked the rifle over his shoulder and clambered easily up into the turret. He rapped the roof and the Hummer began to move, jerkily at first, the ride smoothing out as the boy got a feel for the large vehicle. ~~O~~ Sitting in the passenger seat, Lucy watched Doyle with Gracie. The soldier seemed a tad overprotective, but she got the reason for it. He'd been entrusted with her care and didn't want to mess it up. But he had lots of help. She had one younger sibling and had done her share of caring for kids and getting paid for it. That and serving drinks is how she paid the bills without resorting to going on the dole. And there was just something so sweet about seeing a soldier's heart melted by twelve pounds of \"dynamite.\" TBC[Chapter 4] 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 4 Night fell on the British Isles just as it had every night for millions upon millions of years. Above, stars twinkled, uncaring that the people of Earth were wading through one of their darkest and most troubling times in history. Medieval Europe lost an estimated twenty-five million to the Black Death. Were those still alive fortunate or not because there was no way to know how many people had died from the rage virus, directly or indirectly? In Doyle's mind, this was so much worse that the plague because it was happening now and it was happening to him . From the window of a mansion grand enough to have been a summer cottage for the royal family, Doyle looked up at the sky. During the day, it had been a dazzling electric blue, cloudless and seeming to extend into infinity. The paler color gave way first to the blue on the Dallas Cowboy's logo. Soon, it would change to a dark blue that was almost black sprinkled with pinpoints of light. By that time, they would've already barricaded themselves in the home. The owner, long dead they presumed, must have been paranoid that someone would break in because it was a fortress. Twelve-foot concrete walls and huge metal slabs that could be dropped into place over the windows and doors, with the touch of a few buttons or manually. The power was out and they hadn't been able to bring the generators so the group split up into teams to pull down the barriers and lock them into place. Doyle placed Gracie in Ruby's care until his share of the work was done. The older woman and Lukas had prepared the evening meal, and everyone was too tired to give up even a token complaint for the unimaginative fare. Thinking of the Cowboys caused Doyle to wonder how his favorite football team, the New York Jets, was faring, or if they'd even been able to finish the season. No one knew for certain how widespread the virus had become. For all they knew, most of the world could have killed each other in a bloody, rage-induced battle to the death and they were all that was left. All they could do was hope. The day after he'd come out of the coma, Max had spouted a bunch of gibberish about genetics, how the immune system worked and how anyone found to be immune would be the salvation of the human race. Doyle didn't understand most of it, but let Max think he did. Footsteps echoing in the enormous entry hall returned his attention to his job: closing the heavy metal shutters in this part of the home. The doc had warned him that his ability to focus on the job might be impaired until his body returned to normal. He slammed the metal into place and locked it down, muttering a curse under his breath and glancing around guiltily in case Ruby had heard him saying something bad within Gracie's hearing. It would take a while, but his \"soldier's vocabulary\" should clean up about the time Gracie left for college…if he let her out of his sight for that long. As guardian of a baby girl, all boys automatically became jerks. Not that they weren't before, but now it was for a different reason. He turned to face Ruby holding the baby that he'd taken on as his responsibility at the graveside of her mother. The bottle in her other hand told him it was feeding time again. He accepted the tiny bundle, shifting her around until he felt secure then took the offered bottle. Ruby brushed her fingers over the downy soft hair on the top of Gracie's head. \"Tomorrow we'll teach ye t' mix th' formula and bathe th' wee one.\" Together they walked to the nursery that had been appropriated for Doyle and Gracie's use. \"My brothers all have kids, so I have an idea, but I'll need help, at least to start.\" Smiling indulgently, Ruby struck a match and put it to the wick of an oil lamp. Lifting it high, she led the way to the crib set up in the corner. \"All new parents do. We found this room filled with clothes, toys, furniture. Everything anyone would need t' raise a happy and healthy baby, and then some. Pity they're all gone now.\" Choosing the rocking chair in front of the cold fireplace, Doyle used his foot to put it in motion while Ruby watched from one of the two child-sized beds. \"Would you stay in case I have questions?\" \"That's th' plan.\" Pillows and bed linens were piled on the ends of the beds. Getting to her feet with grunt, the older woman made up the beds, leaving a blanket folded on the foot of the one Doyle would be using. By the time she returned to his side, Gracie had finished her bottle. \"Burp?\" he asked. \"Aye.\" She passed him a thick cloth. \"Once that's done, she'll be off t' th' land o' nod straight away.\" Doyle gently rubbed Gracie's back until she let out a belch that would've impressed his squad, filling him with pride. \"Good girl!\" He changed her diaper, and a few minutes later, she was asleep. Getting to his feet, he carefully laid her in the bed propped on her side with a cushion made just for that purpose to prevent her from rolling over onto her stomach. He heard somewhere it helped prevent crib death. It wasn't cold, but he still tucked a blanket over the small body. Rolling the crib closer to his bed, he lay down on his left side, reaching through the bars to touch Gracie's tiny hand, more to comfort himself than her. His body needed rest but refused to let him sleep more than a few hours at a time so he took long shifts guarding the people he'd sworn to protect. Just because he was likely the only Delta Force member to survive this mission didn't mean he could sidestep his responsibilities. It was his duty and he would do it to the best of his ability. It gave him purpose. The pain in his upper back and right bicep throbbed with every beat of his heart, every movement he made, but he could handle it because he had to. In his head, he went over the map of Ireland, determined to choose the best path to reach the CDC's research center alleged to be in Dublin without getting them all killed. The virulence of the virus was such that the military guarding the facility would likely shoot first and not bother with questions until everyone was dead. By then it would be too late. He remembered Scarlett mentioning that the kids, Andy and Tammy, were immune. Hopefully, he'd find the siblings, and Flynn, at the center with a cure just days away. At the abandoned carnival, Andy, paralyzed with fear, had needed a distraction, and putting him in charge of keeping his sister safe had done the trick. Doyle remembered smelling the stench of fear coming off Andy in waves. The boy wasn't just afraid. He was terrified , and Doyle didn't blame him. He was afraid too, but didn't let it stop him from doing what had to be done. The strain of making decisions for the group combined with his injuries, withdrawal from the drugs and suddenly becoming the guardian to a tiny baby took their toll. Doyle finally fell into a deep and, thankfully, restful sleep only to be jerked awake an unknown amount of time later when Gracie started whimpering. To him it sounded like she was about to wake up, and sure enough, she was gearing up for a scream-fest. To keep her from waking Ruby, he picked the baby up, cuddling her close as he walked to the far end the room, whispering soothing words she couldn't possibly understand. When that didn't work, he checked the time. She wasn't due for another feeding for two hours. A quick diaper check ruled that out as the reason for her agitation. \"Don't worry, Gracie. Things are gonna get easier, and we'll get through it together. I'll probably make some mistakes, but I'll try to keep it under let's say seven hundred fifty. What d'you think?\" Still, she fussed, though it stopped short of actual crying. Not knowing what else to do, he hummed the tune his words brought to mind, and that helped a little. Moving her from his right to his left shoulder so she could feel his heartbeat and the vibrations of his chest, he began to sing very softly, continuing to pace as far from Ruby as he could get without leaving the room. O-o-h child, things are gonna get easier. O-o-h child, thing'll get brighter. O-o-h child, things are gonna get easier. O-o-h child, thing'll get brighter. Someday we'll get it together and we'll get it undone. Someday when the world is much brighter. Someday we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun. Someday when the world is much lighter. Doyle didn't have a great voice, but Gracie seemed to like it as she went back to sleep, tiny puffs of air hitting the side of his neck as she breathed. He might not have felt it if it weren't for the still healing edge burned spot. All the times he'd begged off playing with his nieces and nephews made him wonder if what he was experiencing was anything like what his brothers felt when their children were born and they held the tiny life in their hands for the first time. Felt the beat of a small heart against his hand when he touched her chest. This sensation was like no other, and nearly indescribable. Only another parent would understand. They'd only been together a couple of days, but now, at this moment, he truly felt like a father. ~~O~~ Gesturing for the others to hurry, Max entered the Master bedroom of the mansion and softly closed the door. Drawing them as far from the doors and windows as possible, he lowered his voice forcing his cohorts to lean in to hear. \"We have to make this quick because Doyle will be back from his perimeter check very soon. It's imperative that the Sergeant not be told that he's immune to the rage virus. He's our best chance to reach the CDC, as well as the best hope for humanity's survival. Whenever possible, the risks to his health must be minimized. For a while, he might accept a medical reason, but that won't last much longer. \"Also, this won't be a popular opinion, and I accept that, but every one of us is expendable except Doyle.\" He met each person's gaze boldly. Alfie, as always, just stared back as if the events of the world meant little to him. The young man had scrounged gum from somewhere and was always working his jaws. \"Yes, even Gracie, though I pray each day that it won't come to that.\" Lukas and Clover were the only other members of the group who knew of Doyle's immunity. The retired German businessman still spoke little English though Doyle was helping with that. \"Under no circumstances are any of you to speak of this even if you think you're alone. Doyle is a soldier first and foremost. Capable of sneaking up on you without making a sound.\" Ruby shifted in her seat bringing Max's attention to her. \"I'm guessin' it's not a secret that we don't agree with ya.\" Shaking his head, Max rubbed the back of his neck. \"When we finally tell him the truth, I'll take all the heat, but until then…\" The sound of boots in the hall followed by Doyle's voice startled a gasp out of Lucy, Collin and Waverly. \" Doc? Ruby? You up here? \" Finger to his lips, Max led the way to the huge walk-in closet in the corner. They could hear Doyle opening doors as he went, calling out their names. Then the old metal doorknob on their sanctuary rattled as it creaked open too quickly for everyone to get into the closet, leaving Waverly and Alfie in the middle of the room. Max, the last one in shrugged to tell Alfie to make something up. The young man nodded just as the closet door clicked shut. ~~O~~ One of the newbies-Doyle still couldn't remember his name-told him that Max and Ruby had gone upstairs on some unknown errand. They were close to the same age, but Doyle just couldn't see them engaging in a quick round of slap and tickle while they were supposed to be inventorying the supplies and making a list of what to take with them when they left. Still carrying his BFG slung over his shoulder, Doyle knocked on each door, poking his head in just in case. All the rooms were empty except for the nursery where Gracie slept with Clover dozing on the toddler's bed nearby. He was about to give up when the scuff of feet on carpeting drew him to the Master suite at the end of the hall. He slowly opened the door a crack, ready to slam it shut if he saw something he shouldn't. But what he did see made him furious. The door crashed against the wall as Doyle stormed into the room, just managing to keep from raising his weapon and aiming it at the two people wrestling on the bed. \"What the hell are you doing?\" Alfie and Waverly were on the bed making out. At his intrusion, they both displayed wide-eyed shock, not bothering to answer the rhetorical question. They jumped off the bed, standing beside it, the girl looking more embarrassed than Alfie who didn't appear to be discomfited at all. The young people were fully dressed, but still, Waverly was only fifteen while Alfie was twenty-two. He didn't know the laws in England, but in the US that was considered statutory rape, and he would not allow it to happen on his or anyone else's watch. Awkwardly, the pair straightened their clothes. To increase the discomfort, Doyle looked from one to the other hoping that the silence would make them talk so he wouldn't have to start the conversation. No such luck. His voice soft, yet tinged with anger, Doyle ordered, \"Waverly, go downstairs and wait for me. I need to have a few words with Alfie alone.\" Nodding, Waverly shot Alfie a glance and a shrug as she left the room. Doyle faced the young man again, reining in his anger with difficulty. \"I'm gonna say this once and only once 'cause I am not in the habit of repeating myself. Stay away from both girls. They're too young to be getting involved with anyone let alone someone your age who should know better.\" Lowering his voice so it wouldn't carry, the soldier softened his mask of wrath a little. \"The birth control in the stores is probably all expired, son. Even if you had it, why take the risk? From now on, keep it in your pants or I'll...\" ~~O~~ Holding their laughter with difficulty, the group hiding in the closet listened to Alfie stand there and take a dressing-down from Doyle in which the solder told Alfie in graphic detail what he'd do to him if he went near either of the girls again. Peeking through the crack, Ruby watched the poor lad take everything that the soldier dished out without expression. Doyle finally stopped, for breath or because he was done, no one could tell…until he spoke again, \"…you get my drift , pal?\" Alfie calmly took a stick of gum from his pocket, unwrapped it and shoved it in his mouth, chewing it and Doyle's words over. \"No touchy the girls or you'll kick my arse. Don't need to throw a wobbler. Not like she was sayin' no. 'Sides, it was a one off.\" It was the most words Alfie had said all at once since Ruby had met him. That he'd saved up to tell Doyle off surprised them all. He'd taken one for the team and tonight that boy would be getting a special treat for dessert. From the way he'd been eying the leftovers at every meal, he had to still be hungry, especially after working hard all day. Probably used to eating hearty especially in the evening time. The boy might be skinny, but he was strong and never complained about the amount of work he was asked to do. Not to mention that he hadn't deserved the talking-to Doyle had given him. To go by his expression, Doyle wasn't confused by Alfie's turn of phrase. \"Good. I'll be talking to her as well.\" Doyle paused a moment, his attitude softening. He put a hand on Alfie's shoulder giving it a light squeeze. \"Sorry I came down so hard on you. This whole situation has everyone reaching out to anyone who might provide even a moment's comfort, and that's okay. Just don't take chances that could come back and bite us all in the…arse. Okay?\" Doyle said the last with an ironic twist to his lips to let the boy know he still considered them friends. Still chewing the gum and watching Doyle without expression, Alfie shrugged and nodded, finally smiling for the first time. \"Here I was thinkin' you was off yer trolley, 'n all 'cause me 'n Waves was just havin' a bit of snog.\" Doyle led the way to the door. \"You might be right about the first part, and you're absolutely right about the second part. And I do mean it, Alfie. Stay away from the girls. I don't know the age of consent here, but as far as those girls are concerned, we might as well be living in a monastery. What you do with anyone else is up to you and her, but until then, the safety of this group is my responsibility.\" \"Gotcher. No worries, Sarge.\" ~~O~~ When they reached the top of the stairs and started down, Doyle remembered why he'd made the trip in the first place. \"Hey, did you see Max or Ruby? Someone said they were up here, but I can't find 'em.\" The boy shook his head. \"Naw. Waves and me come up here for some alone time. They're probably havin' a dust-up in the kitchen again.\" Alfie bounced down to the bottom of the long, curved staircase, whistling as he went. Doyle recognized it as a love song popular in the US about a decade ago. Shaking his head and chuckling, the soldier started his search again, not seeing his friends coming down the stairs and scattering, most to their respective chores. Passing an open window, Doyle saw Collin, Oscar, Murphy and Archer walking to the vehicles parked in the massive driveway. What puzzled him was that they'd left to do routine maintenance over an hour ago and it looked like they were just getting started. About to go have a talk with them, he stopped when Gracie began to cry, torn between needed to know what was going on and taking care of the child. The crying slowed and stopped meaning that Clover was taking care of the problem leaving him to handle this other issue. He'd just reached the entry hall when he saw Waverly talking to Lucy and Florence. The women saw him and scattered. With the BFG slung over his shoulder, he followed Waverly down the hall toward the back of the house, catching up with her near the back door. \"Can we talk?\" \"About me 'n Alfie.\" \"Yes. I'm not your father, but…\" The girl had the good sense to be embarrassed. \"'S okay, Sergeant Doyle. My mum and dad died in the first go-round while I was on holiday in Spain with friends. Guess I've gone a bit wonky since then. And don't worry. Won't be snoggin' with Alfie again soon.\" The look on her face was one of mild disgust making Doyle want to laugh, but he didn't. \"That bad, huh?\" \"He's, ya know, a bit of, well, not much of a talker, he is.\" Waverly's blush deepened. \"Tell the truth, it was m' first real snog with a bloke.\" Leveling his gaze at her she would know he was serious, Doyle said, \"Let's make it your last until you're at least eighteen, if I'm around that long.\" Looking down at her feet, Waverly held her dark brown hair off her face and nodded. \"'Course, Sergeant Doyle. Um, I gotta go switch out with Clover sittin' with the babe.\" \"Go ahead.\" She started away, stopping at the door when he called out, \"And thanks for helping. This being a parent stuff is hard .\" \"No worries. I'm thinkin' you're doin' alright…for a newb.\" The girl scurried away before he could say another word, leaving him thinking that he'd get a handle on talking to kids one day. Maybe by the time Gracie was a teen. By then, nothing he learned now would work. ~~O~~ The sun began its slow trek to the west horizon on their third day in the mansion. Doyle had wanted to leave that morning, but Max thought they should stay a couple more days now that he was actually sleeping more than a few of hours at a time. Unless Gracie woke up then Doyle would be awake so fast, it was funny. Like the other night. Max had gone to the kitchen for something to drink after checking on one of a group they'd picked up the day before arriving at the mansion. Jill, twenty-something woman who wouldn't give her last name-kept saying she was sick, but Max couldn't find anything wrong with her aside from malnourishment and dehydration. He figured she just wanted someone to take care of her. They were staying at least one more night after this so Max indulged her. Tomorrow, he'd have Doyle talk with her. Maybe the attentions of their leader would convince her she needed to pull her own weight or be left behind. Not that Doyle would do that, but it couldn't hurt to make her think so. At least for now. Now that he thought about it, no one in that group had given a last name. Max supposed it wasn't that unusual. Not many people cared about who you were before the virus had struck. All that mattered is that you'd somehow managed to survive. And survival wasn't always of the fittest. Sometimes it just meant you'd gotten lucky or had a bigger stick than someone else. Or as Doyle put it, you were smart enough to bring a gun to a knife fight. As for Gracie, taken from her mother's arms to live with strangers, the baby was too young to remember anything. It was a good thing, but still, there could be lasting effects. Max had faith in Doyle's ability to handle the girl with the right amount of firmness and sensitivity. More faith than the man had in himself. While Doyle was strong, decisive, clear-sighted, and determined in front of others, in private, he seemed uncertain that he was meant to lead this jumble of characters with vastly different ages, cultures, personalities, beliefs and opinions. Instead of laughing when the soldier voiced his doubts, Max had nodded sagely and said, \" Now you're thinking like a leader.\" What had made Max laugh was Doyle's response. The soldier had invited the doctor to perform an anatomically impossible act…with himself. ~~O~~ Doyle was just sitting down to give Gracie her evening bottle when a pair of the newbies came pounding down the hall. Hearing their voices, he searched his memory and came up with the names: John and Danny. A mismatched set of bookends, John was in his thirties, not fit, but not in the worst shape. Danny was twenty-eight and looked like he spent all day every day plowing the back forty. Shaking his head, Doyle was still mystified that most of the people they came across readily accepted him as the chief cook and bottle washer. Even those who joined up along the way. Some stayed, and a few didn't seem to care for the regimen he enforced as a way to keep everyone from dwelling too much on their past, current and future situations. To those few, they all bid good riddance. Following one such occurrence, Doyle had personally escorted the three men off the premises. It had been after finding out that their only reason for knocking on the barricaded front gate was because they thought there would be lots of women pining for men to give them physical comfort. One of them, a guy named Vince, had even tried to assault Lucy when he caught her coming out of the makeshift shower Oscar had built using the stream. Doyle, Max, Oscar, Collin, Ruby, Lukas and Flo had all come running at the sound of fighting to find Vince on the ground while Lucy held the towel around her with one hand while using a tree branch to hit Vince with the other. All of which had started with her knee making hard contact with Vince's cojones. Doyle had taken the man away from the group in order to have a talk, but his pals, Roy and Milo had joined them without invitation. And between the three of them all talking at once, Doyle had reached his limit. His temper, short at the best of times though he'd learned to rein it in, had been further reduced by his battle with withdrawal. Knowing that he sounded like he was having a breakdown, he called them more than a few choice names and expelled them from the protection of the fortress to fend for themselves. Not completely cold-hearted, he did give them enough supplies to last several days. After that, they were on their own. Afterward, he'd muttered, \"Now I feel better,\" and went to feed Gracie. Every time he opened his mouth to give an order, he remembered what Max had told him when asked what he would've done. \" Giving orders is easy. Having the smarts to know which person is right for which job, whether they know it or not, is what makes you a good leader. Just keep going the way you are and we'll be better than fine. Sure, some resent that a Yank is in charge, and that you're telling them what to do. But that's okay because being a leader means you're not going to be popular with everyone. And it's not your job to be liked. It's your job to lead. So get out there and lead. \" Gracie squinted her eyes and wrinkled her nose, making the noise that told him she was going to scream loud enough to wake the dead if he didn't put a stop to the shouting and running in the entry hall. Getting to his feet, he moved the baby from being cradled in the crook of his right arm to lying over the same shoulder so he could have his strong left arm free just in case. Ruby and Lukas had come running at the commotion and more joined the ensuing chaos making Doyle want to just scream at them all to shut the **** up, dammit! Clover and Waverly joined them just in time for him to demand, \"Why the…hades are you making so much…noise?\" The pauses were to stop himself from saying one of the words that would get him in trouble with Ruby. A few looked like they'd seen a ghost, but he wagered it was something worse. Danny's jaw was set in an angry line. \"Them wassocks're back again, Sarge.\" John finished for him, \"'N they brought a bunch o' grotty ol' pratts with 'em.\" Again, Danny spoke. \"They're armed up and ready for a fight so let's give 'em one!\" He hefted his weapon, his pockets bulging with ammo. Not a BFG, but deadly nonetheless. Doyle's eyes danced from one face to the other. All looking to him to tell them what to do. Even the older men who had been in the military when Doyle had been chasing girls around the playground with a frog. Now here they all were, decades later, impatiently waiting for him to save their a**es. Sonofa****! If they'd waited another thirty-six hours, we'd've been gone. They want a fight, huh? No problem! We'll give 'em one. \"Girls, take Gracie to the panic room in the basement.\" He passed the baby over to Waverly. \"Doc, Sunny. I want you in there too. Oscar, Ruby and Flo, take Jill, Race, Simon and Billy. Don't let anyone near them.\" While the others rushed to follow his orders, Max stayed behind. \"Sergeant, I need to help.\" \"You need to do as you're told, Doctor.\" \"But…\" Doyle uttered an expletive that would've gotten his mouth washed out with soap and his a** grounded for a month if his mother-or Ruby-heard it as the room rang with the harshly uttered word. His troops were stunned into silence. \"I don't have time to explain myself. Go! Stay with the girls. Keep the door locked until you get the all-clear.\" Turning his back on Max in dismissal, knowing he would be obeyed, Doyle spoke to Lukas in German then accepted ammo from Gordon with Jasper, Murphy and Archer passing out rifles. The older man took possession of a rifle not much smaller than Doyle's BFG, hustled down the hall with John and Danny on his six. The rest of the group paid them no mind. Those three were their ace in the hole. \"Everyone remember their posts? Good. Go! Radios on tack two. They weren't here long enough to get to know the routine, so hopefully they're not expecting much resistance.\" Alfie, who'd been standing at the back of the group, slapped a helmet over his longish hair, buckled the chin strap and hefted his weapon, a sharpshooter rifle with a scope. He also had a bandolier of flashbangs and grenades across his boney chest. \"Bleedin' arseholes! We should give them gits what-for!\" Apparently, now that he'd begun to talk, there was no stopping him. With a terse nod, Doyle said, \"You heard the man! Let's go! \" TBC A/N: \"O-o-h Child\" is a 1970 single recorded released by the Five Stairsteps. It was released on the Buddah label and was written by Stan Vincent.[Chapter 5] A/N: Many thanks to ladygris for doing the Beta on this chapter. Have fun this weekend! Namaste, ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 5 As the rest of the group followed Doyle's orders, Max found himself standing alone with his charges. Nodding, he herded them toward the back of the house to a secret door they'd discovered in the butler's pantry off the kitchen. It opened onto a set of stairs that led to the wine cellar. Once the younger girls, Jill, Ruby, Sunny and Flo were safe, he took the weapon offered by Race then bolted the door from inside. A heavy metal door at the bottom of the stairs bolted the same way, ensuring no one would be able to enter unless one of the occupants let them in. Hearing the disapproving silence behind him, Max turned to face a chorus of I-told-you-so's, but the women weren't even looking at him. Sunny had guided Jill to a seat. The young woman moaned, one hand to her head. \"When will this all be over? Don't think I can take much more.\" That's when Max realized that Jill wasn't from the UK or America. The accent revealed her home country as Canadian, though the doctor didn't take time to wonder how she'd gotten here. Her lack of verbal response was getting on everyone's nerves, but they all ignored it. Max figured out after the first day or so that it wasn't to get out of work, but because she was in shock and terrified, and had been for some time. He didn't know her story-she refused to talk about it or say anything at all beyond a word or two. However, it couldn't have been worse than anyone else's, and now was not the time to force Jill to see she was doing herself and the others a disservice by playing sick. Looking around at their sanctuary, Max saw Waverly and Clover watching over Gracie. Max envied the fact that she'd probably sleep through most of their ordeal. He wished he could just lie in a corner and not have to deal with any of the bad things happening to them, to the world. A great deal of time and money had been put into locating the exact source of the original outbreak. It had been narrowed down to a specific area and within that area had been the government-run Cambridge Primate Research Centre. To this day, even NATO's best people hadn't been able to figure out what they were working on. Though it was only an assumption that it had been Ground Zero for the start of the epidemic, Max felt it a good one. To keep from pacing, Max kept busy by reading the labels on the bottles of wine. Some were old, rare and very expensive. Mac didn't understand the need to \"collect\" bottles of wine one never intended to drink or were saving for a special occasion. Pity the owner never understood that life , that living day to day was the special occasion and should be celebrated every day. All this money going to waste. In the back of his mind, Max made a note to add a few bottles to the inventory they planned on taking with them when they left. Some of the others were making veiled suggestions that they should stay here instead of moving on. Their opinions had merit, but if the human race were to have a chance of continuing, they needed the resources of a research facility to create the vaccine that Doyle's immunity would provide. \"Rethinkin' the decision to keep our esteemed leader in the dark?\" Ruby wasn't accusing. Just a bit smug in the tone she used. At least she didn't say \"I told you so.\" Maybe that was an American thing. Leaning against the wine rack, he crossed his arms. \"In retrospect, I should've seen this coming. You don't get into Delta Force because you look good in the uniform. Part of the selection process is psychological exams where psychologists and the Delta commander ask a barrage of questions designed to mentally exhaust the candidate.\" \"And it didn't work with the Sergeant.\" It was a statement of fact, and Max didn't disagree. Couldn't because he had no idea. Just an opinion. \"All we can do now is hope he doesn't get injured in this fight.\" Ruby touched him on the arm. \"He made it this far. I'm sure he'll be fine.\" Tossing a glance over her shoulder, she lowered her voice. \"Now let's talk about Jill. There's somethin' not right with the lass.\" Max stopped a shrug before it showed. \"We all have our stories. I'd be surprised if anyone had a happy one.\" \"Gracie. Her mum and dad passed, but now she's got a new family who'll see to it she's taken care of.\" \"Yes, she does. What-\" \" Ow! What the hell'd ya do that for? \" The shrillness of Clover's anger drew them back to the group. \"What's going on?\" The teenager picked herself off the floor while glaring daggers at Jill. \"She tripped me. Lucky I weren't carrying Gracie.\" Jill just stared at the floor as if she were alone while Sunny and Max checked the scrape on Clover's hand where she'd tried to catch herself on the wooden wine rack. Flo opened the first aid kit, searching among its contents for the antiseptic and bandages. Waverly carried Gracie away from the noise and confusion so she wouldn't wake up and start fussing. Ruby took a seat, the radio in one hand with an earbud stuck in her left ear so she could listen in on the events taking place outside. From the look on her face all was quiet so far. Just the usual chatter back and forth to keep them alert. Max had been willing to cut the young woman some slack for a while, but this last act brought an end to his patience. \"Jill, you and I need to have a…\" But Jill was gone. They did a frantic search and returned. There weren't many places to search in a wine cellar that doubled as a panic room. \"Pricey!\" Waverly's shout brought them all running to where the teen was standing next to one of the wine racks, swung out to show a metal door like the one at the bottom of the stairs. Ruby pushed the door open. It was pitch black beyond the reach of the lights. Flo handed a flashlight to Max. He flicked it on and shined it into the darkness showing a long dark tunnel, taking a step forward, stopping when Ruby grabbed his shoulder. \"If there's somethin' nasty at the end o' this tunnel, I'd rather be m'self that it finds than our doctor.\" Unable to refute Ruby's logic, Max made an \"after you\" gesture. \"Be careful. The rifle's gone too.\" When Ruby was out of sight, he sent the others into the supply room. He closed the tunnel door and turned around to find Flo behind him with a small grin on her lined face. \"Someone has to let Ruby back in, Pricey. 'N I'm expendable. No arguments.\" Flo had owned a landscaping business before the virus, sustaining extensive sun damage to her face, upper chest and arms before she realized it, making her look older than her thirty-eight years though her short hair was still black as night. She was shorter than Max by at least three inches and the upside to the strenuous work showed in her lean, strong body. Knowing it would do no good to argue, Max passed over the flashlight and went to join the others. Flo took her handgun from its thigh holster and prepared for the worst. ~~O~~ Sitting in the chair where Sunny had put her, Jill listened to her companions talk as if she weren't there. They all did it, thinking that she was too out of it to care. But she did. She understood everything that everyone said. One of the things she heard while pretending to sleep was a secret meeting between Doyle, John, Danny and Lukas with the soldier translating. She knew what their plan was, but didn't want to know. Covering her head with a pillow had blocked out their voices, but it was too late. Now, unbidden, her memories showed against the inside of her closed eyes like a drive-in movie theater. When the first outbreak had occurred, she and a group of friends had been backpacking through Europe, starting out from Galway, Ireland and making it as far as a small town outside of Bristol when all hell broke loose. Jill had seen the herd of infected coming and ran for her life, faster than ever before. At that moment, fear had made her abandon the others, including her best friend since middle school, Kristen. She'd reached a pub and had locked herself in the basement of the mud brick building, listening the screams of the others as they were brutally killed by the infected. They were the same screams she still heard in her sleep and every hour of every day. When she'd been on her own, relief had only been as far as the nearest pharmacy. Here, with all these people, she felt safe and protected, but now she couldn't take the drugs that would help her cope. What she needed was a way to atone for the grievous sin she'd committed. Do unto others as you would have done unto yourself. After what Jill had done, she deserved to be put out of the community to suffer the consequences of her actions. More than a few times, someone here had offered to listen to her story. It had been more than six months, but she still couldn't say it out loud. Not yet. She hadn't really tripped the girl on purpose, but no one would believe her because she hadn't told the truth to anyone in a long time, starting with her name. Jill was a name she'd picked out of the air when Race and Simon found her hiding in the barn, unable to walk due to a sprained ankle. Her rifle had run out of ammo two days before, but she'd kept it anyway. When they found her cowering in the darkest corner of the barn, the two men had been kind and carried her to their vehicle. One of the other men in the group had been a medic in the military many years ago and had wrapped her ankle. Now all of that didn't matter, but something had to be done about the men coming to take over the compound. Another thing she'd learned while listening when they thought she was sleeping was the fact that Doyle was immune to the virus and had not been told. There might not be much she could do, but she intended to try. Doyle had to be protected. When their backs were turned, she took the rifle and snuck out the passage she'd heard Doyle telling John and Danny about. Apparently he'd gotten the information from Lukas though no one said how the old guy knew it was there. She made sure the steel door was locked before making her way through the dark tunnel. A double set of steel doors guarded the exit. She locked those too. The sun had just gone down leaving just a thin strip of pale yellow along the horizon to show that it had even made an appearance that day. There were no external or street lights, but here and there she could see the flashlight attachments on the weapons of people hiding in the dark. Loud voices came from the front of the home. One she recognized as Doyle's, but the other was unfamiliar. From the conversation, this had to be the guy Doyle had thrown out a few days ago. And now he was back with reinforcements. Now that her eyes had adjusted to the dark, she could see shapes squatting in the bushes, all armed with rifles and shotguns. As a teenager, Jill's dad had taught her to shoot, but she wasn't that good. That's why she had insurance. Patting her pockets, she checked that it was still there, comforted by the weight pulling on the pocket of her cargo pants. A noise to her right swung her gaze around and up to see a man-sized shadow perched in a tree sighting on the front gate of the home. If she was right, this guy planned on shooting Doyle, and she couldn't let that happen. The people within these walls were good people. And just because a couple of creeps had been given the boot when they hadn't been allowed to assault the women, they were all gonna die? Not if she could help it. Lifting the rifle she'd taken from the doctor, Jill crept through the underbrush trying to find a better vantage point from which to shoot the sniper. A few minutes later, she reached a point where the sniper's back was presented to her as if he were arrogant enough to believe no one would get the drop on him. She sighted on the middle of his back to give herself a bigger target to hit. Taking a deep breath, she let it out again and was about to pull the trigger when she heard a twig snap behind her. Before she could turn, she was hit over the head and knocked unconscious. ~~O~~ Milo carried the unconscious woman over his shoulder with Kinney following behind holding a rifle in each hand. When he reached the others, he flipped her onto her back in the dirt and grinned at Vince in triumph. \"Caught this 'un sneakin' sneakin' around. Think there's more out there?\" Vince was already shaking his head. \"Naw. Doyle don't let 'em patrol outside the walls at night. That American twit's too scared o' the crazies. Wants t' keep the birds for 'imself.\" \"Yeah. He's got a nice little set-up. All them women 'n he's got the blokes thinkin' he's God or somethin'.\" Kinney, called so because he was from County Kilkenny in Ireland, nudged the woman with his toe, but she didn't move. \"What if we offer this 'un as a hostage? He leaves and we'll give 'er up. After we've had a bit o' fun, of course.\" \"Don't you watch telly? American's are trained not to negotiate with 'terrorists'.\" Shifting his feet, Milo shoved a thumb into the waistband of his dirty pants riding low on his hips due to a recent loss of weight. \"But this ain't America 'n we got 'im by the short and curlies. 'E's got feelin's for the people 'e's protectin'. Won't let 'em come to harm, 'n if leavin's what'll keep 'em all alive, 'e'll do it. All we gotta do is lay down the conditions and 'e'll bite.\" Several of the men gathered around looking down at Jill like they were starving and she was a steak and kidney pie. Milo felt he should get the first go at her for being the one who caught her and would say so to Vince when the fun started. But that wouldn't come until later, after they had the house and everything inside, including the women. So what if some were a bit older? The last females some of these guys had seen were part of a herd of infected. To find so many normals in one place was heaven on Earth. Who cared if they were over forty or a bit on the plump side? Holding his rifle pointed up in the air, Milo waited for Vince to say something and finally he did. \"Wake her up then go give 'em a yell. I wanna speak to Doyle again.\" He crouched next to Jill, using her oblivious state to reach under to top and fondle her as he grinned evilly. \"Tell 'im we got us a bargainin' chip.\" ~~O~~ Inside, the house was dark and very quiet. Every now and then it groaned in that way older houses had as it contracted in the cooler temperatures of the night. Doyle listened to his surroundings, sniffed the air and peered into the gloom waiting for Vince and his men to make a move. Footsteps at the back of the house belonged to Oscar. The ones coming from the library were Simon's. The double set of thumps and creaking floor boards roaming the second floor could only be Billy's sneakers and Race's boots. He knew they heard him come in, but they were good men and stayed at their posts. \"Hey, Sarge!\" Phoebe, a petite brunette with very short hair and limpid green eyes, shouldered the front door open. \"He's askin' for ya again. That Vince guy. Lookin' real smug like, he is.\" \"That can't be good.\" She made to leave again, but Doyle stopped her with a hand on her shoulder as he dug a battered notebook out of his back pocket. \"My guess is they'll try to negotiate a truce or make a deal. If something happens to me, see to it that Doc gets this.\" \"But, Sarge…\" \"Please.\" Reluctantly, she took the notebook, shoving it into the front of her pants. Even in the dark, Phoebe's eyes looked wide and filled with sadness reminding Doyle of those paintings of kids, puppies and kittens with the big heads and pitiful expressions standing in the rain. But he knew she was much tougher than she looked though she only came up to his collar bone. Somehow, the grin she flashed looked even more vile on her face than anyone else's. \"You got a plan, Sarge?\" Reaching past her to open the door, holding it while she went through, he snorted. \"Hell no. I'm makin' it up as I go.\" He almost laughed out loud when she made a high-pitched squee sound. \"Oh! I love surprises!\" Taking her place one step to the left and a half-step back, Phoebe followed Doyle to the front gate to confront the gang. \"Then pay attention, Pip.\" \"Pip?\" With a half-grin that she couldn't see, he explained, \"Short for pipsqueak.\" She snorted. \"What's that then?\" \"A pipsqueak is something that is small and often annoying or troublesome.\" Casting a glance at her as she thought it over, he saw when she found in his favor. \"Tells it like it is.\" Her smile and his faded away as Gordon, Nick, Fair and Ione took up their self-appointed places behind Doyle in a semi-circle as he stopped five meters from the gate. His weapon, held in both hands as effortlessly as he cradled Gracie, pointed at the ground in a show of temporary ease yet still emanating danger. \"I thought we settled this, Vince. You and your herd of hyenas aren't getting in and we aren't coming out until we're good and ready.\" \"Yeah? And when's that then?\" Tucking a thumb into his belt, Doyle seemed to think it over. \"If you'd left us alone, we'd've been gone in a couple of days and all this would be yours. But since you're bein' such a pain in the a**, we might just stay a while. Two, three months.\" Vince took up an aggressive posture that mirrored Doyle's. Milo and a guy Doyle didn't know behind him exchanged snickers and knowing looks. Not bothering to reprimand them, their leader took another step forward. \"I'm thinkin' it'll be much less. Like immediately. 'N when you go, take them blokes with ya and just leave us the women. All but that 'un and the brat.\" Doyle knew Vince was talking about Gracie and Phoebe…Pip, but didn't turn around. He let it appear that he was mulling over the offer then stated firmly, \"No.\" The look in Vince's eyes didn't change, as if he'd expected to be turned down. Looking over his shoulder, he nodded once to someone Doyle couldn't see, and a moment later the men dragged a woman in dirty and torn clothing. The rips were from falling down and snagging on thorny bushes rather than during an assault and Doyle thanked God for small favors. \"We found this 'n outside the fence. Thought maybe she's a welcome gift.\" Jill tugged and kicked at her captors trying to get free. \"Let me go, you creeps!\" If the situation hadn't been so serious, Doyle would've been stunned to hear Jill talking and no longer acting listless and depressed. He couldn't let anything show or it would provide Vince and his hoodlums with ammunition. In the same conversational tone he'd use when meeting an acquaintance on the street, Doyle asked Jill, \"How you doin'?\" \"Been better.\" He kept his eyes on her, doing his best to communicate without words. She dipped her chin once in response. \"Whatever they want, don't give it to them.\" Vince turned around, a savage snarl on his face. The man and his pals had been with them for three days and Vince hadn't once availed himself of the stream out back to bathe or even shave. And from the looks of things, he hadn't been near water or soap in the days since either. On his leader's order, Roy slapped Jill across the mouth, blood gushing from her cut lip. But she didn't give them the satisfaction of crying out. She shot a death glare that swept over the men holding her, the ones who'd come out of the brush and eventually landing on Vince himself. He apparently found it all very funny because he laughed. Though all he wanted to do was punch Vince's lights out, Doyle restrained himself. They didn't know him well, the others who were backing him up, but still they stood behind him ready to fight if need be. Doyle was in the process of formulating a response when there was a flurry of confusion and shouting in the darkness followed by several gunshots. The lack of buildings caused the sounds to expand until it was lost with time and distance. Then another shot rang out. And another. A man even more unkempt than Vince rushed to his side and whispered in his ear. Vince listened then turned back to Doyle, taking two steps forward. \"What the bleedin' hell are you on about, Doyle? Who's shooting my men?\" More shots rang out, this time from Vince's men, but they didn't find their targets. The men must've been spooked by Lukas, Danny and John sniping at them from under cover of darkness. ~~O~~ Now that she knew what to do, Jill relaxed. Because she wasn't fighting them anymore, her captors loosened their grip enough for her to reach into one of the oversized pockets of her cargo pants. She knew these men, knew their type. They were bullies, tormenting those weaker and more vulnerable than themselves for fun. Now, without the threat of jail time riding on every move they made, their viciousness had free rein. With a silent prayer to whatever God was listening, Jill smiled and once again dipped her chin as a signal to Doyle. The soldier returned the gesture, turning to speak over his shoulder to the others. With defiant expressions, they waited a few beats before running for cover behind the armored vehicles still parked in the driveway. Jill saw Doyle's hand go to his right ear, but he was too far away for her to hear what was said though she could guess. With a grin, the soldier raised his weapon. \"I'd love to stay and chat, but I have an appointment. Just show yourselves out.\" He turned his back and trotted away from Vince in such a way that no one doubted it was an act of contempt. She waited another ten seconds, hiding the object in her hands as she brought them around front. Sliding her finger into the small loop of metal, she pulled it out and let it fall to the ground at her feet. The shooting had stopped, and Vince and his men were laughing and shouting remarks about Doyle's manhood at his retreating back. But all traces of humor vanished when Jill held out the grenade in her right hand. With the pin gone, the safety lever had become a dead man's switch. And when her captors saw it, their eyes widened with fear. Of her. Of dying. It didn't matter. As long as they were afraid. With a wry twist of her lips, one eyebrow crawled up Jill's forehead as she raised the hand holding the grenade. She said a silent prayer that this one act would somehow atone for her sins. \"Fire in the hole.\" And she released the lever. TBC[Chapter 6] A/N: Thanks once again to ladygris for doing the Beta on this chapter. Grazi, ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 6 Not knowing what Jill was going to do, the best way to keep everyone safe, including himself, was for Doyle to follow her lead. Whatever the plan, it wasn't going to turn out well for Vince and his pals, and Doyle was more than alright with that. He returned her nod, turning his head just enough to say, \"Get under cover now! \" The expressions of his companions told him they didn't like the order, though they only waited a few heartbeats before hurrying to take cover behind the Hummers still parked in the driveway. Double clicking the radio to get the attention of the others, he gave them the same orders. \"Take cover. Get away from the windows. Do not come out until you get the all clear.\" With a grin, he hefted the BFG onto his shoulder, saying to Vince and his pals, \"I'd love to stay and chat, but I have an appointment. Just show yourselves out.\" He turned around and ran for cover himself. At the edge of his hearing, Doyle heard Jill say, \"Fire in the hole.\" The grenade's blast knocked him off his feet and against the side of the Hummer where his people were hunkered down. A sharp pain told him he'd bruised a rib. ****ing perfect! Within seconds, Gordon and Nick were on either side of him, dragging him to his feet and out of sight behind the vehicle. They set him down, his back against the side of the wheel well. \"Sonofa…\" \"Next time, take your own advice, Sarge.\" By the glow of a small Maglite, Doyle glared at Gordon. \"Less talking and a little more shut the **** up!\" The concern in Ione's eyes turned to humor. \"He's okay. We'll have Pricey check him out just the same.\" The shooting stopped when the grenade went off, and now they could hear the moans of the men close to the blast though not at ground zero mixed in with the shouts of fear and anger from those who'd escaped injury. Doyle groaned as suddenly Lucy was there checking him over. He pushed her hands away, rolled to his knees and stood, one hand supporting his bruised ribs. \"I'm fine. Go check on the others.\" Lucy got that stubborn \"I want it now\" crinkle between her eyes that usually meant trouble, but he didn't let it influence him. Turning his back in a sign of dismissal, he heard the musician huff and stomp her way through the knee-high grass. Ione, Pip, Gordon, Nick, a few others, all gathered around Doyle, some casting uneasy glances toward the explosion. None of them wanted to see the carnage caused by the grenade, but Doyle didn't have that option. It was his job. As long as I don't yak. Heading toward the gate, he resisted a smile when the others joined him without a word. Gordon, a man in his thirties who wore glasses and had been an accountant, passed him up to push open one side of the huge metal gates. Beyond, bodies lay in various poses indicating death. Moans and whimpering came from those who were too injured to get away. Most wouldn't survive the night. His stomach heaved at the sight of so much blood. Any blood really, but this was beyond the point of just making him queasy. Swallowing the bile that rose up in the back of his throat, he put on his detached and unconcerned look. Her mouth set in a straight line, Pip moved among the bodies farthest from the blast to their right while Nick went left. Jill had used a frag grenade which had a casualty radius of approximately fifty feet. Carefully picking his way between the bodies, and parts of bodies, Doyle stopped near what was left of Jill. He only knew it was her because bits of her pants and shirt still clung to the lower leg and torso at his feet. Crouching, he touched her left hand. It had been somewhat protected and though it was no longer attached to her body, he could still see the ring she wore. Any time she caught him looking at it, she would cover it with her other hand or tuck it out of sight behind her back. But he'd seen enough to know that it was probably a gift from her parents. The question of why she let herself die swirled around inside his head as one by one the others came to join him. Each shaking their heads sadly to indicate they'd found no one alive. If any of Vince's group had survived, they'd fled the scene. Getting to his feet, Doyle felt the eyes of his people on him though the only light came from the weapon's attachments and a few Maglites. Moaning reached them and together they tracked the sound to a man with most of his left leg blown off, blood gushing from the ragged end as well as from a gut wound, soaking into the ground and turning the grayish dirt black. The sound of running reached them, and because they were all still on edge, they turned as a group, weapons aimed and ready to fire. A moment later, they were joined by Max, Flo, Sunny, Ruby, Lukas, Danny, John. More and more until the only ones missing were Waverly, Clover and Gracie with Oscar, Murphy, Collin and Alfie staying behind to guard them. Good. He didn't want the younger ones to see this. Intellectually, he knew they'd all seen more than their share of gore and devastation brought on by the rage virus with more to come, but he still felt the need to protect the younger members of their…what were they? A community? A tribe? A clan? A herd? A brief moment of humor came to visit when he remembered a movie he'd been forced to sit through at a family get-together. A wooly mammoth, a sabertooth tiger and a sloth had banded together to rescue a human baby. The sloth's words are what made him want to smile. We are the weirdest herd I've ever seen. Right now he wished he'd spent more time with his family, especially the kids. He'd missed so much by not being a part of their lives, and wondered what everyone would say when they met Gracie for the first time. More humor was quashed at the sound of his brother, Cyril's James Earl Jones voice saying, \"Who are you and what have you done with my brother?\" While Rupert and Alistair just shook their heads. Internally he winced at his mom's squeal of delight. The man on the ground gurgled then was still returning Doyle's attention to the present. \"Let's get back inside. We'll take care of this tomorrow. I don't think they'll be back any time soon, but stay sharp.\" Max fell into step with Doyle as he returned to the house. Behind him he could hear the murmur of voices as his people got to work. A grunt of pain was forced out of him that the doctor pounced on. \"Let's have a look at those ribs, Sergeant.\" \"Later.\" Speeding up to get away from Max's intense inspection, Doyle jerked open the front door, the thought of getting to the panic room and Gracie uppermost in his mind. To his surprise, Waverly and Clover were sitting on the stairs, the baby next to them. Crouching beside the carrier, Doyle looked down into the trusting face of the tiny child. After the carnage outside, he had to hold her, to know that she was okay, to feel the promise of a bright future for the world in her gray-blue eyes. He unbuckled the straps and gently scooped her into his arms. She wiggled, yawned and settled, one small fist coming out of the blanket to push against her cheek making her look like she was smiling. With all the events of the last few weeks, now that he knew they were all safe for the moment, Doyle needed sleep more than anything. So for the first time since taking the leadership position, he made the decision to delegate his duties. Max had dogged him all the way, irritation in the tone of his voice. \"Not tonight, doc. I'm putting Gracie and me to bed. Pip, you're in charge.\" \"What time should expect you, Sarge?\" \"When you see me.\" Switching Gracie to his shoulder, Doyle climbed the stairs, let himself into the nursery and shut the rest of the world out. ~~O~~ Everyone stared slack-jawed as their leader, the one person who never went to bed before checking every door and window in the building and the perimeter, disappeared into the darkness at the top of the stairs. The pool of illumination from his Maglite left a slight glow then it too vanished. A moment later, a door slammed. Clover and Waverly looked as if the world had turned inside out as they too climbed the stairs and went into their room. Brushing at the bangs sticking to her forehead, Phoebe was stunned that she'd been left in charge. I'm not qualified! Mentally shrugging, she figured he knew what he was doing. You wanna do him proud, girl, so get going. Bounding up a few steps so everyone could see her, she turned to face the expectant crowd. All were looking at her curiously. Some included more than a touch of resentment, maybe even thought she'd been given the coveted post because she was shaggin' Doyle. A few seemed apathetic and still others appeared to think it had been a wise choice. If it was or not, they'd all find out in the morning. Without preamble, she jammed her fists into her hips and stared them all down. \"You heard him. Let's get to it. Check the doors and windows are barricaded. Same guard schedule and posts as last night.\" She waited as several people left the room, all in different directions. To the ones staying behind, she said, \"Get some rest. We'll be having the funeral before lunch.\" One woman, mid-twenties with long brown hair in a braid, waved her hand for attention. \"Yes, uh…\" \"Rose, miss. What do we call ya?\" \"Pip or Boss, if you're of a mind to.\" Rose nodded then she followed Alfie and Collin on their appointed rounds. A couple of the more rebellious guys lingered, their postures and the looks they gave her meant to unnerve. But she was the youngest in the family with two brothers and a sister, all older. These blokes didn't even come close to shaking her composure. Lifting her chin, she kept her gaze on them until they looked away. \"Help you with somethin'?\" The one on the right, Earl, reminded her of a bloke in her A-levels class. A bully who was always picking on the smaller kids, but never bad enough to be kicked out. All she had to do was stand up to him and he'd fall in line. \"Why'd the Yank put the likes o' you in charge? Seems he'd want a second who's able t' reach the pedals t' drive.\" The other guy, Tom, if she remembered right, snickered, poking his friend with an elbow. \"Bet she's havin' it off with 'im. Hey!\" He reared back when she came to stand right in front of them, her green eyes blazing with anger. \"I'm not havin' it off with 'im. And if I catch ya sayin' so to anyone else, your chances o' ever havin' kids'll be smaller than your brains. Now quit fannyin' around 'n get on your post.\" Not at all embarrassed at their thoughts, they huffed and left. Letting out the breath she was holding, she checked that the front door and windows in the entry hall were secure then worked her way through the first floor. That done, she tiptoed up the back stairs, skipped the creaky fifth step and did the same. By the time she was done, it was the end of her regular shift. But Doyle had left her in charge. Not sure what else to do aside from walk around and get everyone's way, she went to the kitchen to make drinks and snacks for the others hoping that keeping her hands busy would do the same for her mind. No such luck. Every time she closed her eyes-and sometimes when she didn't- she saw herself aiming the shotgun and killing her siblings one at a time as their eyes turned red, blood exploding from their mouths as the rage virus took hold of them. When her parents came into the room and saw what she'd done, her mum had cried out and reached for Daina who would've been married in another two weeks. Her dad had tried to stop her causing both to fall into the spreading pool of blood. They changed so fast, and chased her out into the streets as she quickly reloaded the shotgun and killed them. In death, they'd been beyond the ability to beg for their lives. So she asked for forgiveness on their behalf just before blowing her dad's head off. Thankfully, the dreams were coming less and less, though they still plagued her. When Pricey showed his face in the morning, she'd go have a good, long lie down. ~~O~~ Breakfast the next morning was quiet without the usual chatter, each person wrapped up in their own thoughts about the events of the night before. Doyle didn't mind the silence as he fed Gracie her first bottle of the morning. The little girl had gained weight since becoming a part of his life, and he was grateful that she was thriving under his care. The last drops of formula vanished. He set the bottle on the table and, as if he'd been doing it all his life, Doyle moved Gracie to his shoulder, rubbing and patting until she let out one of her infamous belches. Several people stifled their laughter when he exclaimed, \"Oh, nice one!\" Normally, she would go right to sleep after eating, but not today, and he got the feeling that she knew something was happening and she wanted to be a part of it. He didn't see why she had to be subjected to this particular reality of life now when she'd already had too much of it for someone so young. Getting to his feet, he went out to the entry hall and walked in a circle waiting for Gracie to go to sleep, and eventually, those tiny eyelids drooped and she was out for the count. Going back to the dining room doorway, he motioned for Waverly. She followed him to the nursery and waited while he changed her diaper. With a nod, he lay Gracie in the crib and went into the bathroom to splash water on his face, using his wet hands to dampen his hair trying to tame the longish strands he hadn't bothered to cut. The back of his head was still healing, and in the process was sloughing off dead skin. Brushing the flakes away, he returned to the nursery, peeked into the crib to ensure himself that Gracie was still asleep and headed out again. Out in the hall, Ruby was waiting for him, her expression solemn. \"We're ready for the service for Jill, Sergeant.\" He nodded. \"Okay. I'll be in the armory taking inventory.\" \"Sayin' somethin' over the lass's grave is where you'll be.\" \"Pardon?\" Huffing as if he'd said something rude, she took his hand and gave it a squeeze. \"You're the leader, lad. It's your place to say the blessing for one of our own.\" \"But I didn't know her. I have no idea what to say.\" \"None of us did. But she was one of us just the same and died for it.\" Lowering her voice, she injected a note of feeling. \"Nigel, ye must do this. If ye don't, the damage to the confidence these people have in your guidance will be considerable. Maybe beyond repair. And without their faith in you as the one who can get us safely back to civilization, we might as well give up now and just let the infected have at us.\" He paused, thinking over what the older woman was saying, and in that space, he saw that she was right. Without the compliance to his commands in the times it's called for, they wouldn't be able to function as a community and he wouldn't be able to keep everyone from harm. What he didn't know, was how Jill had gotten out in the first place, though now that he thought about it, she probably overheard at least one conversation he had with John, Danny and Lukas about the secret passage in the wine cellar and their plans should anyone oppose their occupancy of the mansion. Not one to back down from a challenge, he accepted her viewpoint. \"Thanks for the reminder, Ruby. I just have one request.\" She headed for the stairs and they descended together. \"What's that then?\" \" Don't call me Nigel. I hate the name so much I even made my family call me Doyle.\" The frown of disapproval returned to her lined face and he knew that another lecture was in the making. \"It was the name your mum and dad chose for ye, and using it's a way to honor them that brought ye into the world.\" She waved her arms and let her hands fall to her sides. \"Such as it is. But the fact that all of us are still alive is proof that the good Lord has given us lowly mortals one more chance to get it right.\" She had more to say and Doyle didn't have to wait long to hear it. \"Ye should have a long talk with Pricey.\" \"Doc? Why?\" She smiled sadly, giving his arm another squeeze. \"Just speak to him.\" \"Okay.\" Holding the front door, he motioned her out ahead of him to find the entire group in the far corner of the front lawn waiting anxiously. Pretending to scratch his nose, he murmured, \"This is why I never became an officer.\" Ruby covered a laugh with a cough then they both put on their serious faces in time to join their people gathered around an open grave. A figure meticulously wrapped in sheets had been placed in the bottom. Wishing he still had his uniform, Doyle glanced over the group then back to Jill's still form. \"Jill was…she was only here a few days and we didn't really get a chance to know her, or she us. But by her final act, she…\" Doyle couldn't think what to say. Max had told him that Jill was from Canada-Ontario or Alberta had been his best guess. Other than her name and the occasional \"thanks\" when served a meal, she hadn't said more than a few words until last night. \"…she illustrated her wish that the world go on. That we go on, certain that humanity's darkest hour would eventually bring us to our finest. \"Someone said, 'these are the times that try men's souls.' They were right, but without trials over which to triumph, we would never know how lucky we are.\" There were a few sniffles and above them Doyle heard the unmistakable sound of Gracie crying. Looking over his shoulder and up, he saw Waverly at the window, swaying and patting the baby's back. She saw him, and the others looking, and shrugged sheepishly. Waving for her to come down, he wracked his brain for something else to say that wasn't corny and unoriginal, but couldn't come up with anything. He was a doer, not a talker. If his companions sensed his doubt, they were good enough not to mention it. Waverly's footsteps rustled the long grass as the teenager carried the screaming child to him. Rolling his eyes, he recognized her I'm-mad-as-h***-and-I'm-not-gonna-take-it-anymore cry. Instinctively, he held out his hands for Gracie as Waverly reached the group. \"What's wrong sweetheart? Come to Daddy.\" As soon as she felt his touch, Gracie quit crying. And too late he realized what he'd said when giggles came from Clover, Lucy, Flo, Pip, Collin and stifled snickers from Max and a few others. To distract them, he cradled Gracie in the crook of his right arm and faced them again. \"Let's recite the Lord's prayer. I think I remember it. If that's not your thing, just close your eyes and hum the theme from Jeopardy .\" ~~O~~ The two guys from the night before watched Pip warily to see if she would report their behavior to Doyle, exchanging looks and shrugs as they approached the soldier. Turning away from them to help fill in Jill's grave, she eavesdropped on their conversation. As always, Earl started. \"Hey, Sarge. What'll we do with the bits of them wankers spread all over? The animals had a bit of a snack durin' the night, but there's still lots out there, and it won't be smellin' good after sittin' in the sun all day.\" Doyle seemed to think it over though Pip knew he'd made up his mind seconds after the blast. They might've been truly bad people, but they deserved a decent burial, if for no other reason than that the smell of rotting flesh would make everyone sick. \"Bag and tag.\" A look over her shoulder confirmed that Earl and Lee exchange befuddled expressions before Lee said, \"Pardon?\" With more patience than she knew Doyle possessed, he explained, \"Dig a mass grave and dig it deep, just in case. Put a marker on Jill's.\" There was a long silence then a baby-like sneeze broke the tension. Doyle looked down to see Gracie looking back at him as if nothing had happened, making him grin. \"Take as many as you need to get the job done before nightfall.\" Tom shifted his feet. \"Will do. Want we should let ya know so's ya can say a few words?\" \"No. Just dig, drop, cover. They're not gettin' another minute of our time.\" Now that the baby was finally asleep, Doyle headed for the house. Pip fell into step next to him, silently thanking him for shortening his stride so she wouldn't have to run to keep up. \"What next, Sarge?\" Keeping his voice low and one big hand over Gracie's back, he said, \"Send Collin, Oscar, Murphy, Archie, Dean, Danny and Billy back into town for two more vehicles. Trucks, er, lorries or SUV's. As soon as they're roadworthy, we're getting the h*** out of Dodge.\" \"Dodge?\" \"Time to move on, Pip. Before we get too comfortable.\" She resisted making a mocking salute, becoming infected with his urge to be on the move again. \"Where will you be?\" \"Putting Gracie back to bed then off to see the doc.\" Without waiting for an answer, he sped up and was gone, leaving her wondering why he needed to see Max. He didn't look ill. Could be about Gracie or maybe Doyle wanted to talk strategy with his second. Pip saw a group of people loitering around like lost lambs. Taking out the notebook she hadn't yet returned, she quickly flipped through it to get an idea of what Doyle had in mind for the immediate future, finding the answer a few pages in. \"You lot! Go to the armory and begin inventorying. Bring the list to me when you're done. Ruby and Lukas, not sure how we'll feel about lunch so make it something simple, okay? Oh, and do a quick inventory as well.\" A chorus of \"Yes, miss\" greeted her as they trooped past and into the house. Sticking her thumbs in the waistband of her pants in imitation of Doyle, she surveyed the people and jobs being done, seeing that she was the only one not actively engaged in work. And work was necessary, not only for the community. For her own peace of mind too. Some people would've turned to drugs or drink, but she never was one to wish or wash her troubles away. What happened was in the past and nothing could change it. With time, seeing her family's faces in her dreams would get better. And if what she heard Pricey talking about was true, the salvation of the human race was upstairs with his daughter changing her diaper. Pip's job at the moment was to keep things going while he tended to business with Gracie and the doctor. As she neared the front door, she heard loud voices. Doyle's was angry, Pricey's calm and reasonable. Most of the time, Doyle was composed and in control, but now and then he lobbed a few choice words into the air to be caught by some unsuspecting, or not, individual who deserved it, mostly. Others didn't. They were just convenient targets, and they seemed to sense it and didn't respond in kind. Not wanting to interrupt the men, Pip went outside the gate to help with the mass grave being dug. ~~O~~ Max bore the brunt of Doyle's anger impassively. He hadn't wanted to do this in the entry hall where every word carried, but the soldier had insisted. Thankfully, he was winding down, and as soon as Max could get a word in, he'd suggest another venue for their conversation. For a millisecond he considered taking him to the nursery because Doyle would do anything to keep from upsetting Gracie. The girl performed her own unique brand of disruption by screaming at the top of her lungs. Doyle broke off in the middle of a sentence, bounding up the stairs three at a time. As Max followed, he heard the nursery door open and Waverly's strained voice as she desperately tried to explain. With gentle words Max had known the soldier more than capable of, he took possession of Gracie, releasing Waverly for the remainder of the day. The door was standing open so Max leaned against the jamb watching Doyle pace, singing softly. After five minutes of watching the soldier wear a rut in the rug, Max decided to intervene. Pushing off the wall, he came fully into the room and perched on the edge of one of the beds. \"Three reasons not to put yourself at risk, Sergeant.\" \"Yeah?\" Bobbing his head, Max rubbed his hands together. \"Your immunity to the virus and that child aren't the only reasons I tried to stop you from going up against Vince and his gang. Do I really have to spell it out?\" Doyle stopped in front of the window, looking out but not really seeing. He took a deep breath and let it out. After doing that three more times, he faced Max again, holding Gracie and rubbing her back. \"I wouldn't take the risk if I didn't have the symptoms under control.\" \"Not what I mean.\" Getting to his feet again, Max chose a small rattle from the basket of toys on the table between the beds. Shaking it to get Gracie's attention, he handed it to her when she reached for it. Ruby had seen to getting the room in shape to be inhabited as it was meant to, going so far as to washing and scrubbing a large number of plastic baby toys. Gripping it in her small hands, she didn't seem to know what to do with it so Max moved it making the rattle tinkle. The volume lowered, but didn't stop. \"Ever watch Star Trek: The Next Generation ?\" \"Long time ago.\" Max wanted to see if Doyle figured it out on his own, and finally the glimmer of understanding lit up his eyes. \"You're saying I'm Picard and should be delegating the dangerous missions to my Number One? Told you before, doc. I'm not that kind of guy. And I don't have a Number One.\" \"Appoint someone. Just remember that brains are good, and brawn is good too, but you don't need both to do get the job done.\" He let Doyle mull that over while patting Gracie's backside checking for wetness. She'd eaten recently, so that wasn't the problem. It was apparent that the soldier wasn't going to get the hint. Doyle placed the girl in his care, albeit reluctantly, when he held out his hands. \"Hey, there Gracie. I'm your Uncle Max. Wanna hear a story while you play?\" Again Max jiggled the toy and the fussing stopped, her eyes going big and round as he just kept talking nonsense and shaking the rattle. \"What the…heck? How'd you do that?\" \"She's becoming more and more aware of the world around her, wanting to interact with it. And because she's not able to without outside help, she's bored. The physical nearness-touch-of another human being is fine, but a baby needs sense stimulation. Play time. Talk to her about anything that comes to mind. Tell her about your day, how to make the perfect hamburger, about your favorite sports team. She won't understand, not yet. But hearing your voice is the important thing. And then one day, she will understand.\" Doyle snorted humorlessly. \"Should I lie to her the way you've been lying to me ?\" \"I deserve that, I suppose, but this isn't about you , Sergeant. This is about your daughter.\" Max deliberately put emphasis on the words as a reminder of Doyle's promise to Lu. \"Listening and watching those around her talk is how she develops language and speech skills. Toys develop her musculature and coordination. As for taste, she'll be ready for cereal soon and that's just a step away from fruits, vegetables and all the other good things that we used to take for granted and thought would always be there. Engage all of her senses. She'll learn from you. That's inevitable. But you're the adult, her parent, and you have to meet her more than halfway.\" \"So books, flash cards, toys, talking. What about singing?\" Involuntarily, Max winced. \"No offense, Sergeant, but your voice isn't the best I've heard, not by a longshot. But she likes it and that's all that matters.\" \"Thanks, doc.\" Doyle deadpanned. He reclaimed Gracie then stood staring at Max until his meaning came through. \"Why don't I get out of here and let the two of you bond?\" Just as the door clicked shut, Max heard Doyle say, \"What should we talk about, Gracie? Oh, I know. Who do you like for the World Series?\" He paused as if the baby had answered then continued. \"The Tampa Bay Rays? Really? See, I'm thinkin' Red Sox and Rockies. Sox over Rockies. Now let's talk about football. Oh, and just so you know, here in the UK, soccer is called football and football is called rugby. I think. But since I'm American, we'll go with soccer and football.\" Shaking his head and grinning, Max headed downstairs, counting himself lucky that Doyle hadn't hit him. The worst of the withdrawal symptoms seemed to be over or he'd be nursing a black eye about now. Just as he reached the bottom step, Shahira came running from the kitchen, her dark Indian eyes wide. \"Pricey! Ruby's cut herself and the bleeding won't stop.\" Stopping to grab the first aid kit, Max rushed to the back of the house to work on his next patient. TBC[Chapter 7] A/N: Thanks go out again to ladygris for the Beta. As they're headed for Ireland: A Thiarna, déan trócaire. A Chríost, déan trócaire. ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 7 After tending to Ruby's injury, Max returned to the entry hall not sure where to pitch in. To continue the research required more resources than he and Sunny had at their disposal. And with the group moving on soon, any experiments he could MacGyver wouldn't be complete before they had to tear it down for transportation. Then there was that other concern, but nothing could be done about it unless the CDC had what he needed when they reached Dublin and it wasn't too late. Going into the room called the surgery, he sat down at the ornate antique desk. Pulling a yellow lined tablet to him, he looked over the notes he'd already made. While most people would forget where they were going with what was clearly an incomplete thought, Max picked up exactly where he left off, filling page after page until his right hand began to cramp from holding the pen. Pushing away from the desk, Max rubbed his eyes and yawned. What he needed now was outside stimulation to keep himself awake for the rest of the day or he wouldn't sleep tonight. On many occasions he'd offered to take a guard shift, but Doyle put his foot down every time, refusing to let their only doctor, Sunny, Clover and Waverly to endanger themselves unnecessarily. And now that the soldier knew of his immunity, Max foresaw many occasions where he would put his life at risk for just that reason. On that account, Doyle was correct. If they came across infected, he would be the logical choice to lead the assault. But he was also the most valuable member of their team. Max had tried to explain, and though he knew his arguments to be sound, Doyle hadn't seen it that way. Max made no apologies for his actions and wouldn't. Out in the entry hall again, he heard sounds he hadn't heard in months. Laughter, real and canned, mixed with a high-pitched nasally voice saying, \"Did I do that?\" Following the sounds into the sitting room, he found a mixed group huddled around a television watching a classic episode of the sitcom Family Matters featuring Steve Urkel, the character made famous by actor Jaleel White. The television and DVD player had been hooked up to several car batteries by Oscar who stood at the back of the group looking smug. Max found a seat on the periphery, amazed at the change in the overall feel of the room. It was as if this reminder of their former lives had lifted their spirits in a way that just pinning their hopes on Doyle as their savior hadn't. It gave them more to strive for than just making it to Ireland with no idea what to expect beyond that. This particular episode allowed Jaleel White to expand his acting range through a genetic experiment performed by Urkel. In it, Urkel suppressed his \"nerd\" gene while enhancing his recessive \"cool\" gene turning him into the stylish and sophisticated Stefan Urkelle. And that gave Max an idea for replicating the immunity factor in Doyle's blood. The genetic element that gave the soldier his immunity had resisted all efforts at duplication with their limited resources, but that wouldn't always be the case. Tapping Sunny on the shoulder, he motioned for her to follow him, returning to the surgery with all sorts of ideas, theories and hypotheses flying back and forth between them. ~~O~~ Lucy had known she wanted to make music since she was a child, and though they thought it a ridiculous endeavor, her parents and brother stood behind her, doing what they could to help realize her dream. It hadn't been their fault that the only gigs she could get were in pubs, subways and on street corners. It had been during one of her outdoor \"concerts\" that she'd first encountered the infected. She'd gotten away by using her guitar to bash in the heads of the ones chasing her. That had been during the first outbreak. When it happened the second time, she'd been prepared for it by hiding a gun and ammunition in the bottom of her hobo bag, as she called it. While in the refugee camp, she had befriended one of the soldiers protecting the residents and he'd been kind enough to teach her how to shoot. Though her skills still left something to be desired, she managed to stay alive and make it out of the city after the second outbreak. She'd been running from the infected when she came upon Pricey, Ruby and Collin carrying the unconscious Doyle just as they reached the city limits. Looking at the faces around her, Lucy saw how the simplicity of a thirty-minute television show had changed everyone's outlook though she didn't get all the references. Sure, their triumph over the bad guys had pumped them up somewhat, but they needed more. She tiptoed out of the room and down the hall to the kitchen to talk to Ruby. The older woman had a bandage on her left hand, using it as an excuse to put Lucy to work chopping vegetables while she argued with Lukas. Eventually they wound down giving Lucy a chance to put forth her proposal, not surprised when Ruby told her it was a great idea. Just that morning, Doyle had announced that they would be staying two more days then they'd be gone, and Lucy thought they should go out in style with a party. She wanted it to be a surprise for the Sergeant, but Ruby was right when she urged her to get Doyle's okay. As soon as she could make her getaway, she went looking for their leader, finding him at the stream out back by following the sound of his singing. \"Sarge?\" The singing cut off abruptly. \"Yeah?\" His voice was wary and Lucy wondered if she'd accidentally caught him doing something embarrassing. A sheet was hanging over the branch of a tree and that usually signaled that someone was showering. \"Sorry! Didn't mean to interrupt personal time.\" The stall had tarps draped around it to give the bather some measure of privacy. \"It's fine. Come on in.\" When she hesitated, he added, \"I'm decent.\" Hearing the smirk in his voice, she was tempted to make a quip that could backfire on her. She already knew the soldier had little modesty, and challenging him might get them both into trouble. Sotto voce , she muttered, \"That's a shame.\" \"What?\" Sweeping the sheet aside and following the path to the shower, she came to a stop far enough away that he'd know she wasn't trying to have a peep. All she could see of Doyle was from the middle of his chest up as he tugged the rope that let the water flow directly into his face and down his front and back. \"Sarge! You said you was dressed.\" Trying to sound indignant, she failed miserably. \"Said I was decent . Big difference.\" That smirk was right there for her to see as he sloughed the excess water from his face and hair with both hands then started drying off. \"What's up?\" \"Ruby 'n me got to talkin' and had this idea. Seein' as we shove off day after tomorrow, we were thinkin' about a bit of a do.\" His eyebrows met over his nose as he dried his chest and arms then flipped the towel around his back, pulling it back and forth. \"A party?\" \"Yeah. I found a guitar in the music room so I'll play some. And the fellas found some movies to watch. I can also see if anyone has hidden talents they'd like to show off. Won't be nothing posh.\" \"Don't see why not.\" Bending down to get dressed, Doyle's voice was slightly muffled by the heavy tarps. \"And don't ask me to sing.\" \"Not shy, are ya?\" Lucy was mocking him and he knew it, and she knew he knew it. These bantering conversations had started the day she'd planned on leaving, reminding her of her younger brother, Connor. He'd just gone seventeen with the first go-round of the virus. Lucy had been living in London, working at an elegant café waiting tables, and most evenings would play in the subway stations and clubs. That's where she was when it all went arse over elbow. She still missed having Connor to tease, and him givin' it back. And that's what this felt like with Doyle. \" Do ya have any talents?\" \"Shooting things.\" \"Right. I've got you down as no. We're thinkin early dinner time tomorrow.\" Doyle pushed the tarp aside and just for a half a mo she thought he meant to show her the full monty. But to her relief, though shirtless and barefoot, he was wearing pants. He had what the yanks called six-pack abs and sculpted pecs. In spite of the scars marring his chest, he was quite dishy with light blue eyes and sandy hair turned brown by the water, but she still didn't fancy him. Those feelings were reserved for another. It was just as well. He had this lot and the babe to look out for. No time to be pissin' about. \"It'll be all over and done with by sundown.\" \"Sounds like fun.\" After pulling a T-shirt on over his head, Doyle grabbed his boots, dirty clothes and jacket. From the pocket he took a pair of clean socks as he fell into step beside her. \"And Gracie loves music. The poor deluded thing even likes my singing.\" He said it with a shake of his head at Gracie's unique view of Doyle as Lucy wrapped a hand around his elbow and smiled up at him. \"Not deluded, Sarge. She just loves her daddy.\" ~~O~~ From her room on the third floor, Pip watched Lucy and Doyle walking arm in arm across the lawn toward the house, deep in conversation looking as if they were out on a date. Doyle said something. Lucy threw her head back and laughed. Pip knew better than to believe there was more going on than just friendship. Lucy fancied someone else though the bloke didn't seem to notice. Dropping Doyle's arm, Lucy pushed a hand through her short blonde hair then trotted off leaving Doyle to walk the rest of the way on his own. Her eyes unfocused as she searched her own feelings, wondering, not for the first time, if the tug that seemed to pull her toward the American was something real or just the beginnings of a crush. At university, she'd begun her studies in psychology, but her scholarship had been taken away when the benefactor passed on and she had to drop out before completing her degree. After working long and hard, she'd saved up enough to return part time. Only two classes, but it was better than nothing. Her job as a tour guide was boring and repetitious, but it paid the bills. Or it had until… A shimmy worked its way down her spine, as if someone had brushed a hand ever so softly over the back of her neck. It had been warm, this invisible touch. In a house as immense and old as this one, a few ghosts were expected, but this wasn't the icy fingers of an apparition haunting the dusty and dreary halls. Pressing her hand to the spot, she looked down to see Doyle's eyes boring into her even at this distance. Slowly, his lips turned upward in that cheeky, lopsided grin that showed genuine pleasure. The one she'd only seen twice and always when he was holding Gracie. But was it delight at seeing her or was he mocking her and the difference had gotten lost in the gap? Sure that it was the second and not the first she gave him a nod, returning the grin. Then he moved too close to the building for her to see him, for some reason bringing Seth to mind. The last time she'd seen her boyfriend was three days before the first outbreak. She'd long ago decided he was dead. So, instead of longing for things she might never have, Pip gathered her clean clothes, towel, soap and shampoo, and made her way downstairs, taking care not to run into Doyle on the way. She'd give him a few hours to forget about their whatever that was then present herself for the usual nightly pep talk. Slipping out the side door, Pip headed to the shower, tugged the sheet into place signaling someone was in there and slowly undressed. The only way to heat the water was the sun and it was frequently too cold for her. Today was no exception. She sucked in a gasp when the water hit her skin, shivering in the shade of the trees. Quickly lathering her hair, she left the shampoo on while she soaped the washcloth and scrubbed her body clean. There was no need to worry that someone would bother her. To prevent a repeat of the incident with Vince, guards patrolled close enough to detect trouble, but far enough away to allow for privacy. Rinsing, Pip wished she could take a long hot bath with scented bath oil, candles and a good bottle of wine. If the wine was all she could get, she'd take it, and made plans on her rounds to sneak at least one bottle into her bag, provided she was put in charge again. That was by no means a certainty. She'd been in the right place at the right time the other night, that's all. After using the towel to dry her hair, she shook her head, running her fingers through the strands to get the tangles out. The short style she wore made it easy to care for. Most of the time she didn't even need a comb. Drying the rest of her body, she tossed the towel over a branch, rushed through dressing, gathered her things and hurried back to the house. ~~O~~ Walking with Lucy, an alarm went off inside Doyle's head telling him someone was watching. He followed the directionality of that feeling up to a small window where Pip was peering out seeing yet not seeing. Then her eyes, which he knew to be mossy green, focused on him and he smiled. Why, he didn't know. There was just something about her that had drawn him from the day their groups had merged for their mutual benefit. Doyle's mother, just over five feet and on the plump side, had ruled over her three sons with an iron hand wrapped in velvet. It was a little disturbing, but he sensed that same strength from Pip. After putting Gracie to bed the night he'd left her in charge, he'd gone to check and found her putting a pair of loudmouths in their place. She'd done such a good job of it that they'd been less argumentative than usual the next morning, even when he'd given them the job of digging the mass grave. Good. One less thing to worry about. Many thoughts battled for his attention. The biggest by far was keeping everyone safe. Their time together was now over a month, and in those weeks, not once had they encountered the infected. By his reckoning they were due to meet up with a herd soon. Herd… It didn't seem right to call humans a herd, but the name fit with the mindless, animalistic creatures the virus turned them into. He and his squad had taken part in the mandatory orientation classes in preparation for the reclaiming of London, spending an entire day just on the virus itself. The researchers who had unwittingly created it had been trying to isolate the brain's chemicals that cause excessive anger and aggression in humans. At least that was the assumption. And the way a bomb or a missile needed an F-16 to carry it to the target, a delivery system was needed to transmit the inhibitor, something like a backpack or suitcase. Stuff the \"backpack\" full of whatever you want, inject it into the body and Bob's your uncle. Doyle snorted. Some of the sayings the Brits used were by turns puzzling and hilarious prompting the natives to laugh uproariously at the expressions on his or Max's faces when they didn't understand. Others were easy. Bob's your uncle meant and there you have it or we're good to go . The moment of good humor ended when he thought about what the future might bring. If the human race was able to get out of this and Doyle could return to America, should he? Gracie deserved to know the people, the culture of the place of her birth. But she also should know his people, his culture. He was her father, after all. Exhaling loudly, he let in one last moment of self-indulgence: Pip…Phoebe. Whatever her name, he was beginning to have very non-leader-like thoughts about her. He also felt she'd make an exceptional second in command. These differing outlooks mixed and melded, tangling the strictly male part of him with the soldier. He'd always kept those aspects of his personality separate to avoid just such conflicts, and it had worked until the day he couldn't bring himself to kill the boy, his sister and Major Levy despite orders to shoot anything that moved. If at some point he and Pip became more to each other than just friends, the major drawback to appointing her to the position of his Number One, to use another Star Trek reference, would be gossip. Tom and Earl already thought she'd gotten the temporary job because the two of them were sleeping together, not even taking into account the fact that Doyle slept in the nursery with Gracie every night. Now that he had a better understanding of how to care for a baby, Ruby had stopped staying with them during the nights he wasn't on watch and everyone knew better than to disturb him once the door closed unless it was an emergency. That was Daddy and daughter time. Coming to the conclusion that he wouldn't find his answers today-or any time soon-Doyle started writing the speech he'd have to give at the party, which was as good a place as any to announce the command changes. He'd only gotten as far as \"thank you for coming\" when a commotion drew him to the front of the house. Seems it hadn't taken as long as he thought for the team to return from town with additional vehicles. Breaking into a trot, he joined the conquering heroes in the driveway. ~~O~~ Standing beside the piano bench in the music room, Lucy waved to get everyone's attention, finally resorting to a high-pitched whistle to do the job. \"Alright then, we have a few surprises in store for the entertainment. There are lots of hidden talents out there and we're gonna show some o' them off tonight. So how 'bout a song to get it started?\" Lucy jumped down from the bench, picked up the guitar and seated herself as Jasper came to sit next to her facing the piano. \"This song is about livin' life to the fullest and not plannin' out every moment because you never know what may happen. Keep your eyes open to all possibilities in your life. Thought it only appropriate.\" She nodded a greeting as Doyle came into the room with Gracie in one of those papoose carriers. He slipped into a chair in the back of the room, one hand held protectively over Gracie's stomach. The little mite's head wobbled a bit as she looked around, her eyes wide with wonder, just taking everything in. One little hand came up, and after a few misses, it went into her mouth. And Doyle, not even seeming to realize he was doing it, pulled the slobbered covered fingers away and wiped them clean with a soft cloth taken from the breast pocket of his flannel shirt. There was a big surprise that Lucy was saving for after they'd eaten. She'd planned on playing a few songs, some alone while she played guitar and others with accompaniment on the piano. She and her partner had done their best to tune the bloody thing. It wasn't perfect, but it would do. It also gave her an excuse to be close to Jasper, to get to know him better. If they'd met in a pub or even on the street, she'd have chatted him up real proper like. But their current situation reminded them how short life could be and that they had to go for it when the chance presented itself. And if it didn't, you had to create it. But she'd chickened out. When it came down to the right time and place, she couldn't do it. Couldn't ask the man she fancied if he fancied her too. Jasper played the opening and they swung into \"Unwritten\" by Natasha Bedingfield. When they reached the chorus, a few in the audience sang along. Feel the rain on your skin No one else can feel it for you Only you can let it in No one else, no one else Can speak the words on your lips Drench yourself in words unspoken Live your life with arms wide open Today is where your book begins The rest is still unwritten Lucy and Jasper ended with a flourish accompanied by applause. Playing to an audience had always given Lucy a great sense of accomplishment. As if she'd made the world a better place for those around her just for a while. Only now, the feeling was so much grander than before. These people had come together for mutual safety, and that bound them in a way that couldn't be broken. Whatever happened going forward, they were all in it together and they all had each other's backs. When the applause ended, Jasper slipped off to the side leaving Lucy alone. \"We heard that when Lukas retired from his day job, he worked as a clown entertainin' at birthday parties 'n such. Now for those of us who think clowns are more 'n a little creepy, he's agreed to do his bit without the fancy-dress. Let's hear it for Lukas!\" The older man waved his arms, grinning from ear to ear as he came to the front of the room carrying a bag bulging with supplies. He spent the next thirty minutes making balloon animals, juggling, performing simple magic tricks and making everyone, even Doyle, laugh. Next up were the two girls. Clover and Waverly performed a tap dance routine that lost a little in the translation because they didn't have tap shoes. Still, Lucy thought they'd done a brilliant job with less than a day to prepare. Lucy sang again then set the guitar aside. \"I see the food's ready, so let's all have a nosh then get back to the entertainment.\" Lucy enlisted the girls to help her with the next song. They offered to watch Gracie while Doyle ate. He almost ruined the surprise when he refused all assistance. That is until Waverly, the smart girl that she is, \"accidentally\" dumped food on their esteemed leader. He unbuckled the cloth carrier, handing Gracie to Clover while Waverly uttered an apology over and over again until he smiled tightly and went to change his pants. While he was gone, Lucy let the others in on the upcoming special song planned just for their commander. But now, the next act was waiting in the wings. Or rather behind one of the wing chairs. \"Our next act is goin' to do us a martial arts demonstration. Let's all give a big welcome to Alfie!\" ~~O~~ Doyle returned to the music room in time to see Alfie stride to the center of the stage dressed in a white T-shirt and black sweatpants, his longish hair tied back. He bowed to Lucy, she stepped off to the side out of the way as he saluted his audience with the closed right fist wrapped by the open left palm, and bowing from the waist. Starting with the basic kata of Shotokan Karate, Taikuyku, he executed each step perfectly. After some light applause, he began the first level of Tekki, Shodan, working his way one by one through all three levels. Skipping the first few levels of advanced katas, he went right to Hangetsu, which took its name from the principal stance, hangetsu dachi meaning half moon stance . From there he moved through Enpi, Jitte, Gankaku and ending with Unsu. This last technique symbolized the parting of the clouds with open hands, and is also one of the most advanced katas of the Shotokan. The group erupted in applause as quiet, laconic Alfie bowed and exited the stage. As he passed Doyle leaning in the doorway, the Sergeant gave him a single nod of admiration to which Alfie just grinned and disappeared down the hall. Lucy returned to the stage carrying the guitar, again taking a seat on the piano bench. \"Wow! Now was that brilliant or what? Did anyone have even a glimmer that our boy Alfie had it in him?\" She paused for laughter and light applause, nodding to Clover as she carried Gracie to the front of the room, holding her so that her back was pressed to the girl's chest for support. She belched and again they all laughed. Only three months old and already his little girl was legend, and it filled him with pride. \"This next song is dedicated to our very own Sergeant Doyle from his daughter Gracie. Now I know what you're gonna say. She too young to talk. But if she could, I feel certain she'd approve.\" Unlike the other songs, this one was slower, but not to the point that it made everyone drowsy. Lucy's rich alto gave the song, one of Barry Manilow's lesser known tunes, just the right amount of sweetness and sentimentality. I am your child Wherever you go You take me too Whatever I know I learned from you Whatever I do You taught me to do I am your child And I am your chance Suddenly weak in the knees, Doyle dropped into the first chair he came to, his eyes never leaving Gracie as Clover swayed with the beat. Again, Gracie shoved that hand into her mouth, but he barely noticed. The backs of his eyes stung and it took all his will power to keep them from tearing up. Whatever will come Will come from me Tomorrow is won By winning me Whatever I am You taught me to be I am your hope I am your chance I am your child Whatever I am You taught me to be I am your hope I am your chance I am your child The last note of the song faded away to sniffles from the audience though some tried to hide it, and knowing that he wasn't the only one touched by the lyrics somehow made it easier for Doyle to keep his head about him. He wasn't one for sentimentality-he hadn't celebrated his birthday in years-but it had seized him in an unguarded moment, and from the look on Lucy's face, she knew. He was so caught up in the moment, his head snapped around when Clover came to his side, Gracie watching him with those wide eyes just as she always did. Max had assured him that she did recognize him though she didn't know exactly who he was. That perception was displayed by waving her arms and cooing. She only made that sound to him so he guessed it was her name for him until she had it all figured out. From what Max said, she should start developing a separate personality around six to seven months old. She'd passed a milestone just that morning when she rolled from her stomach onto her back. It would take a little longer for her to be coordinated enough to go from back to front, but he felt certain she'd be a quick learner. Accepting Gracie, he gave Clover a smile of thanks as Lucy announced the next song. It was another duet with Jasper, a song he didn't recognize, guessing that it hadn't yet made it to the U.S. by the time his squad was sent on this assignment. With his daughter cradled in his arms, not really listening or watching the show until Lucy announced the last song. For this one, she set the guitar aside and seated herself next to Jasper as he played. Not spiritual by nature, Doyle had only a passing acquaintance with the Christian hymn though he did try to sing along. Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound, That saved a wretch like me. I once was lost but now am found, Was blind, but now I see. ' Twas Grace that taught my heart to fear. And Grace, my fears relieved. How precious did that Grace appear The hour I first believed. Through many dangers, toils and snares I have already come; 'Tis Grace that brought me safe thus far and Grace will lead me home. Afterward, he got up in front of the group and thanked Lucy, Ruby, Jasper, Alfie, Lukas and the rest of his people for all their hard work. \"…Pip, you're in charge again. I want everyone's personal items packed and ready to go just after breakfast. We'll load up and be away from here no later than 1000 hours.\" Then, without saying good night, he carried his daughter up the stairs to the nursery, and no one saw or spoke to him again until the next morning. A Few Days Later Gelliswick Bay off South Hook Road They arrived at Gelliswick Bay mid-afternoon and though Collin, Oscar, Murphy and Archer and…well, everyone was anxious to check out the ships moored in the marina, Doyle held firm on his order that they settle in somewhere and get a good night's sleep before starting work. Reluctantly, everyone agreed, and by 1930 they were sitting down to an unimaginative dinner of wild duck soup for the fourth night in a row. Doyle didn't say anything, never did. Food was food. It was fuel for the body. Taste was irrelevant. Gracie slept through the night for the first time allowing Doyle a full eight hours of uninterrupted rest for a change. In the normal course of a night, he would be awakened at least once. By Gracie, the sound of footsteps on the creaky stairs, too loud voices or a door slamming, but not tonight. Once everyone was bedded down for the night, no one stirred except the guards. With dawn, breakfast and diaper changes out of the way and Gracie in the hands of the girls, Doyle led a team down to the marina to choose their mode of transportation out to the Celtic Sea and across to Ireland. He hoped that by traveling to the southern tip of the island they would avoid running into the NATO-sponsored troops, and if they did, hopefully he'd get a chance to talk to their commander instead of being blown into the afterworld. Riding atop the lead Hummer, his BFG at the ready as he scanned the surrounding countryside, Doyle finally gave the signal and they pulled to a stop just short of the bridge. He climbed down from the turret and coming to a stop in front of the vehicles as one by one the others joined him. Doyle didn't have to see their faces to know they were just as disappointed as he when they saw that someone had blown up the bridge and most of the boats with it. Debris floated in the water along with the barely visible hulls of watercraft that had sunk. Some of them had been washed up on the rocky shore dashing their hopes that this part of their journey would go off without a hitch. There was only one thing Doyle could say to that. \"****!\" TBC A/N: \"Unwritten\" is a song by English singer Natasha Bedingfield, released in the UK in 2004 and in the USA in 2005. It was written by Bedingfield, Danielle Brisebois and Wayne Rodriguez. \"I am Your Child\" is a song recorded by Barry Manilow for his self-titled album originally released in 1973. The lyrics were written by Marty Panzer with music by Barry Manilow. This song was also featured in an episode of the sitcom Murphy Brown . Barry has stated that this was the first song he ever wrote. \"Amazing Grace\" is a Christian hymn with words written by the English poet and clergyman John Newton (1725–1807), published in 1779. With the message that forgiveness and redemption are possible regardless of sins committed and that the soul can be delivered from despair through the mercy of God, it is one of the most recognizable songs in the English-speaking world.[Chapter 8] 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 8 Upon closer inspection, Doyle could see bodies, whole and in pieces, floating amongst the debris, water logged and bloated, as well as rotting in the sun on what was left of the pier. The torso of a male bobbed with the breeze, the head nearly severed making him queasy. \"Stay,\" he ordered. And because they were stunned into immobility, his people obeyed. Even the ones prone to doing first and seeking forgiveness later though clemency wasn't always given. Doyle did respect them for their convictions, but couldn't condone recklessness. He knew this was foolhardy, going it alone, but he didn't want to risk anyone else for this part of the recon. In these situations, he felt especially vulnerable in his civilian \"uniform\" of jeans and T-shirt. Like he'd been pulled into a firefight while on vacation and his boots were the only remnant from the military. His weapon out and ready, Doyle did a thorough search of the first boat he came to that appeared seaworthy. Below decks, it was a blood bath. A man, woman and two teenagers were dead, but the father had gone down fighting. From what he could tell, the infected had come aboard, attacked the kids and Mom before being killed by Dad with a shotgun. However, one had gotten through. Dad was dead too, a hole blown in his stomach, as well as the infected man lying on top of him, his face set in a mask of rage even in death. And blood was everywhere. Nothing in the cabin had been spared, most importantly the people. Bile tried to shove its way out of Doyle stomach at the sight and smell. Forcing it down, he climbed back out onto the dock, glad that he'd been the one to find this instead of someone else. He backed up and raised his weapon, but before he could blow a hole in the bottom of the boat to send its occupants to a watery grave, a shotgun blast came from behind him and did the deed. Without turning, he spoke over his shoulder. \"Thanks, Jasper.\" \"Nothin' to it, mate. They deserve a proper burial, but that ain't possible.\" Jasper grinned, tilting his head he told Doyle to go ahead as they systematically checked out the remainder of the boats still afloat, but that was the only one that had people, dead or alive, aboard. The rest were empty and too small for their thirty plus group. Stopping at the ragged end of the pier, Doyle looked over the side into the water churning below the twisted metal and chunks of concrete. A small school of fish swam by ignoring the humans and totally unfazed by anything. \"Let's get back to base. We need a new strategy.\" \"Right.\" The two men walked in silence for a few steps then Jasper cleared his throat, the signal he was about to broach a sensitive subject. \"We'll be runnin' into it soon, I reckon. Should probably have a chin wag with the troops.\" Doyle nodded. \"There's something else I need to ask, but this isn't the time.\" \"If it's about Lucy then don't.\" Jasper aimed just his eyes at Doyle. \"She's a corker, that one is, and I've been of two minds if I should speak up or not.\" Looking down to make sure he didn't trip on the pieces of wood and bodies, the soldier replied, \"Up to you. Just think it through.\" A rueful smile crossed Jasper's face. \"No worries, Sarge. All o' that was taken care of by a small piece o' shrapnel while I was in Iraq a few years back.\" \"Pardon?\" \"The lights are on, but no one's home.\" Shrugging, Jasper stepped over a bent and crushed gas can. \"The good Lord has a plan for me or I'd be dead and gone.\" They fell silent again as they reached the Hummers and their colleagues waiting impatiently. They knew the answer before Doyle voiced it. \"Nothing here. Back to base.\" ~~O~~ \"…I know we're all disappointed, but it wasn't unexpected. Tomorrow, I'm leading a group east. There's a ferry landing a few kilometers away. We'll be gone no more than forty-eight hours.\" Ione waved her hand for attention then stood. \"What did ya see at the marina, Sarge? You still haven't said.\" Watching from the back of the room, Pip silently thanked Ione for asking the question on all their minds. Doyle's eyes swept the room, not even pausing when they reached her, making her wonder who he planned on leaving in charge while he was gone. Since he'd let her into his inner circle, she did her best not to let him down. They also never talked about anything personal, though more than once she'd felt him watching her. Had even caught him at it a time or two. He made no apologies and she didn't expect one. If there was something there, it had to be put on the back burner for now. \"…From the looks of it, the massacre happened not too long ago. Two weeks at most. Which brings up the one subject we've tip-toeing around. We all know what happens when someone is infected. You're lucid for about ten seconds then you turn into…\" Before she could stop herself, Pip said in a harsh whisper, \"…a monster.\" Doyle nodded soberly. \"You understand what needs to happen if any of us become infected.\" No one commented. No one needed to. They simply met his eyes with varying levels of trust and disgust. Even Pip, with as much willpower of all of them. Still, she felt the sting. Not one of them was safe. She also knew that, despite his immunity, Doyle could still be killed by the infected. And if he was, humanity's last chance might die with him. But she also knew that he would not stay behind while his people risked their lives. He would lead by example because that's the kind of soldier...the kind of man he was. Their chances of coming back alive were better with him than without him. Catching his eye, she nodded once, adding a small smile on the end to let him know that she would stand behind any decision he made. And the fact that he didn't need or want her approval made her respect him even more. Doyle seemed to take everyone's agreement for granted and no one told him otherwise. He waited just the right amount of time for someone to speak up then went on to the next order of business: the guard schedule for the night. Careful not to trip over Waverly sitting on the floor at her feet, Pip eased out of the room and went to the kitchen to let Ruby know what was what. Doyle would speak to Lukas later. Right now, she needed to be somewhere else so she didn't have to think about the fact that their group would be divided for two whole days. Stopping at the kitchen door, Pip watched the self-appointed cooks working side by side, not even needing to speak to get the job done. They didn't know she was there and she covered a smile when Lukas slipped his arm around Ruby's waist then swooped in for a kiss. Pip expected her to squeal with indignation, and almost fell on the floor when the older woman pressed a hand to Lukas' cheek and kissed him back. Deciding to come back later, Pip tip-toed back to the front of the house and rejoined the meeting just as Gracie began to fuss. Holding out her hands for the baby, she cuddled her close while doing a quick diaper check as she carried her to the room where Doyle slept. At the mansion, everyone had had a bed to sleep in. Here, they had to make due with sleeping bags and a dresser drawer lined with blankets or the carrier for Gracie. Kneeling down on the floor, Pip laid the fussy child on a folded towel, making quick work of getting her changed and ready for bed. When she was done, Gracie looked up at her with those wide blue eyes, waving her arms, kicking her feet…and smiling. Unable to help herself, Pip smiled back, reaching out to rub her belly. \"Who's a good girl, then? Gracie is that's who. Ya know your daddy's a right fine lookin' man. The other girls'll be green, you havin' the best lookin' dad in your class, and rightly so. Just between you 'n me, I fancy him just a bit. 'N I think he fancies me some too. What would ya think of that, love?\" Plucking a rattle from the diaper bag, she shook it making Gracie kick harder, one small hand reaching for the bright toy and immediately trying to shove it into her mouth making Pip smile again. The creak of a floorboard alerted Pip that someone was behind her. Instincts honed over months of running and hiding from looters and infected fueled her actions. She scooped up Gracie with her left arm and rolled in that direction while pulling out the Browning she carried at all times. When she stopped, Doyle was standing over her, his arms crossed and his mouth turned up in a grin that reached his eyes making them crinkle at the corners. \"Nice reflexes, Pip.\" \"Lucky I didn't shoot you, Sarge. Sneaking up on a girl like that.\" Setting the weapon on the floor, she handed the now crying baby to her father. Doyle whispered soothingly, the cries tapering off and stopping while she replaced the Browning in its place of concealment. Gracie finally quieted and he reached down to help Pip stand. When he didn't immediately release her, she tried to reclaim her hand, but he refused to let go. Instead, he gently tugged, and as if drawn by a magnet, she went to him, her eyes searching his face. She forced herself not to shiver when his thumb began rubbing the palm of her hand as he leaned in to press his lips against hers. Her eyes drifted closed and she was about to issue an invitation to deepen the kiss when a noise out in the hall forced them apart. Averting her eyes, she squeezed past him as Max came through the open door. And just when she thought she'd escape with some shred of dignity, Doyle called out, \"Thanks, Pip. For everything.\" Did she imagine the smirk in his voice? She doubted it, but didn't turn around to find out. Just kept going until she reached the main room where she threw herself into a chair trying not to think about the fact that he kissed her while holding his daughter. It showed that he was comfortable with being a father and with his attraction to her. ~~O~~ Watching Pip scurry away, Max knew he had interrupted something though he wasn't at all surprised. Doyle and the petite young woman had been sparking off of each other since the day she arrived. Choosing prudence over his need to tease, Max smiled broadly at the now quiet baby. \"Hi, Gracie. Come to Uncle Max.\" He held his hands out, but this time she didn't grab at his fingers, the sign that she accepted his offer. Max turned a bewildered expression on Doyle. \"Don't take it personally, doc. She had a scare.\" \"And wants Daddy. Don't blame her. You wanted to see me?\" Holding Gracie upright and handing her a rattle, the soldier nodded. \"I need an official second in command.\" \"Hope you're not thinking of me.\" \"You have enough to do with being our doctor and working on a cure for the virus. I'm leaving Pip in charge and would appreciate it if you could stand behind her while I'm gone.\" Dipping his head, Max agreed with Doyle's choice. Phoebe would do a great job. And while the group needed her in that capacity, it would make Doyle and her getting together a challenge. People would gossip behind their backs and that would undermine the authority of both. \"Of course. Who are you taking on this very dangerous yet necessary road trip?\" \"Collin, of course. He has to make sure the ship runs. Rose, Tom, Murphy, Earl, Fair, Johnny, Billy, Robert, Kira, Danny and Jamie. Collin and his team will bring the ferry down river to the dock and we'll meet 'em there. I'm leaving some of our best shots with the main part of the group. If something happens to the rest of us, you'll be well protected for the trip to Ireland.\" Crossing his arms, Max took a deep breath and let it out. \"You know how I feel about you risking your life.\" \"We're not having this discussion again,\" Doyle stated in his no-nonsense tone. \"And even if this was the Enterprise , I wouldn't let someone else take the lead. This building is easier to defend than being on the open road. It'll all work out, doc.\" ~~O~~ Pushing all thoughts of the kiss he shared with Pip out of his conscious mind, Doyle shifted Gracie when she started getting sleepy. \"Max…\" Doyle had to give the doctor credit for not showing surprise that he'd called him by name for the first time. \"…if anything should happen to me…\" \"Don't worry, son. This village will take care of her.\" Doyle squatted beside the drawer that was his child's bed, adjusting the blanket as a way to avoid looking at Max. \"Thanks. Uh…\" \"Why don't I get out of here and let you two get some rest?\" The door closed behind Max as Doyle carefully laid Gracie in her make-shift bed and covered her with another blanket. \"Night-night, Gracie.\" Obediently, the little girl closed her eyes, but not before grabbing one of Doyle's fingers and holding on tight. When she finally went to sleep, he eased his hand from hers then sat on the floor next to her to remove his boots and belt. Lying down using a folded blanket for a pillow, he rolled onto his left side, one arm curled under his head and was asleep himself in just a few minutes. His dreams were not pleasant and he awakened just a few hours later. After checking that Gracie was still asleep, he went down the hall to the kitchen for a drink and found Pip already there. By mutual unspoken agreement they didn't mention their kiss. They just sipped their drinks in the weak beam from the Maglite. Swirling the last of his tea in the glass, he broached another subject. \"I'm leaving you in charge while we're gone.\" \"Think that's a good idea?\" \"You have a good head on your shoulders. Practical, sensible. I trust you to do what needs to be done with minimum hassle.\" Pushing away from the counter, she looked up at him with a serious frown. \"I'll do my best to justify your faith in me, Sarge.\" Setting his glass back in the sink, Doyle turned for the door, facing her again. \"You're going to be my second-in-command now, Pip. Call me Ryan.\" \"That your given name?\" \"If by 'given' you mean 'middle', yeah. No one , not even my family uses my first name.\" She pursed her lips to hold in a smile. \"And that is…\" Rolling his eyes, he said, \"You can't tell anyone .\" \"Promise.\" Lowering his voice, he said, \"Nigel,\" and left her standing in the kitchen alone, grinning when he heard her chuckling. ~~O~~ The next morning, Pip and the others were standing in front of the medical building posing as their current home as two Hummers headed out along the coast road toward the ferry landing. Doyle's orders just before they pulled out rang in her head. If we're not back in forty-eight hours, wait another six then pack up and move out. Do not , under any circumstances, come looking for us. Just find a boat and get to the CDC research center in Dublin. She could see from the look in his eyes that he knew no one would like the order. However, it was up to her to make sure it was followed though she prayed she wouldn't have to. After one last cuddle, he'd turned Gracie's care over to Ruby and the girls then climbed up into the turret of the lead vehicle and they drove out of sight. The apprehension had nothing to do with the attraction she felt for him, for Nigel Ryan Doyle. Again she stifled a snicker at his name. Nigel brought to mind a pretentious prat in a smoking jacket and silk ascot looking down his nose at everyone and everything he feels in beneath him. Not a rough around the edges soldier with a soft heart. \"Quit fannyin' around, you lot, and get on with your chores. Oh, and we'll be havin' a chat after lunch so hang about when you're done.\" The group dispersed, some saying, \"Yes, miss\" while others shot her a mocking grin, adding, \"Right-o, chief.\" ~~O~~ Watching from the kitchen, Ruby swayed and rubbed Gracie's back waiting for that all important post-bottle burp. When it came, the little one smiled and tried to grab Ruby's nose and she let her. They'd brought along a carrier and Ruby set Gracie into it and gave her a rattle to play with. Lifting the carrier, she made her way into the dining room. Lunch was almost over and Pip had called a meeting. Getting to her feet, Pip called for attention. \"I see everyone's almost done so let's get this over and done. I've written up a new guard schedule for the next two days while Sarge is gone. If you've a problem, see me and we'll work up a change.\" Pip consulted the pad in her hands. \"I know this next bit won't be popular, but it's necessary. Mandatory exercise. It's important that we minimize injuries as much as possible and the best way to do it is to maintain muscle strength and flexibility.\" Shaking her head at the moaning from the assembled group, Ruby agreed with Pip. Doyle had let it slide for everyone but himself. Many's the mornings she would see him going for a run around the mansion's property alone and with company in the form of other members of the group, mostly blokes. He seemed to prefer going alone, though that would change if Ruby had her way. She was certainly not the only one who saw the interest in his eyes that was more than simple friendliness when he looked at Pip. She also knew that the military had \"no funny business\" rules about the people under their command. Being as they weren't a pack of soldiers, there shouldn't be a problem though Doyle might not see it that way. Ruby just had to change his mind. Or Pip's. \"…the type of exercise, I leave up to you. Runnin', walkin', stairs, liftin' weights, cardio. The important thing is to get your heart rate up and keep movin'. Remember, you're not doin' this just for yourself. You're doin' it for all of us. If someone hurts their back or pulls a muscle, it puts a burden on the rest of us. \"Now we all know that some hurts are gonna happen no matter how careful we are. What I'm wantin' to do is keep the avoidable ones as limited as possible.\" Ruby had to give it to the lass. She did have a way with the crowd. Even the troublemakers were sittin' up and payin' attention. Into a moment of silence, Gracie once again commanded attention by shaking her rattle and screeching loudly as if in agreement with their interim leader, making everyone laugh. The group broke up and Ruby passed Gracie off to the tender mercies of Waverly and Clover to return to her duties in the kitchen. ~~O~~ Rolling up to the marina atop the first Hummer, Doyle looked around, taking everything in, alert for any hint of danger. Collin, at the wheel of the second Hummer, pulled alongside and stopped. Everyone got out and stood in a group while still watching the landscape. Doyle took off his sunglasses, squinting at the glare of the sun off the rippling water. Inwardly, Doyle was jumping for joy that they'd found not one but two intact RO-RO ships, one along the right side and the other at the end of the dock. That meant they could take a couple of the vehicles with them, provided they had enough fuel to get where they were going. And that's why Collin was here. The mechanic was a genius with machinery. He would go over both ships to choose which would be the best candidate for the trip. Outwardly, his face impassive, Doyle cleared his throat, replaced his sunglasses and hefted his BFG. \"Let's hit it. Kira, Billy, Robert and Earl, watch our six while we check 'em out.\" \"On it, Sarge,\" Earl answered for his companions as they took up positions where they could see anyone or anything coming. Doyle led the way toward the storage building midway out. Listening at the door, he heard nothing but the wind and the water splashing against the supports. Flattening himself to one side, he nodded. Fair bobbed his head three time then yanked door open. First Doyle then Murphy and Fair darted inside, each going through a different door. \"Clear!\" His call was echoed by both men. Returning to the office area, they exited together. \"Nick, hang here and keep watch just in case we missed something.\" \"Got it.\" The young man with his long blonde hair tucked inside a dark blue cap raised his weapon and placed his back against the side of the building where he had a clear view of entire pier in both directions. The first ferry was a simple two level affair big enough to carry about ten compacts or seven full size sedans. Three Minis were parked on the far end of the deck plus one with the back end hanging off the side. The ship appeared to be deserted. They cleared the deck then entered the salon where they found bodies. Lots of them. Blood was everywhere, dried and stinking along with the bodies of women, children and men who had obviously been trying to escape when they were overrun. That alone made the ship unusable. Even with a thorough cleaning, there was too great a risk that the virus might survive the process. Not to mention that the blood, water and cleaning fluids had to go somewhere, but the information Doyle had about the virus didn't say if it contaminated the water supply or not and he refused to take the chance. With a nod, he indicated that they should return to the pier. No one spoke as they turned away one at a time, Doyle being the last. That's how he heard the sound. Not much, but enough that it carried in the relative quiet. \"Someone's on board.\" Murphy came up beside him. \"What if it's one 'o them?\" For an answer came a wordless cry of pure rage. One that Doyle and his companions had heard too many times the day it all went to hell, and the Delta Rooftop Unit been ordered to shoot anything that moved. And suddenly, they were overrun with screaming, blood soaked and filthy infected. Instinct made the men and women open fire as they scattered in a divide and conquer maneuver. The infected divided too, instinct driving them with the compulsion to infect and kill others. Doyle ran the length of the ship hearing the others firing round after round, trying to lead some of the infected away from them. No matter how many were shot, more took their place. He cut through part of the salon headed for the gangplank seeing Murphy, Danny and Rose being chased. They stopped as one and mowed their pursuers down without blinking, faces set in the same grim, determined line. The four left to guard their backs came running when they heard gunfire, Kira jumping onto the boat just behind Billy, already firing at the infected swarming from below decks. Doyle couldn't spare more than a cursory glance in their direction as an infected woman got through the line. Her high-pitched screech set Doyle's teeth on edge, and he watched in horror as Murphy's weapon jammed. The woman bowled Murphy over, the two of them falling hard on the deck. She bit him on the arm he used as a shield, eliciting a scream from the African-American man's throat. From his position, Doyle could see Murphy's eyes go red as the virus took over. \"****!\" he shouted, altering his aim, but Billy, his eyes wide with a combination of shock and disbelief, shot Murphy through the head before he could make the complete transformation. While his attention was on the drama with Billy, several infected advanced on his position in the bow. Coming up against the rail, he had nowhere else to go so he switched over to automatic and fired a continuous stream of bullets taking out those in front. His foot caught in the loop of a rope coiled on the deck tripping him. He landed hard on his backside, hitting his head on the bench seat on the way down. Stars popped behind his eyes and his consciousness wavered then steadied, but not before one of the infected loomed over him, blood gushing from his eyes and mouth, and streaming down the front of clothes already soaked with it. Pawing at the floor looking for his weapon, Doyle refused to die in this horrible place. He made it this far, and he'd make it first to Ireland then home to the US or die trying. That last thought gave him an all too brief moment of black humor as the infected man opened his mouth, his hands claw-like as he screamed in fury. TBC[Chapter 9] A/N: I'm issuing a warning for this chapter as it contains several intense scenes that are the reason for the M rating. Namaste, ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 9 \"Sarge!\" Kira saw Doyle fall and ran to his aid, skidding to a stop and drawing the attention of the infected man to herself. She pumped several rounds into the man's torso, but he didn't stop or slow down. Backing up, she raised her aim to his head and the hammer clicked on an empty chamber. Dropping the rifle, Kira pulled the handgun from her waistband, but the man was on her before she could bring it to bear. He grabbed her shirtfront just as the staccato blast of a semi-automatic blew his head off spraying her with even more blood, bone and brain matter that got into her eyes. Hands still twisted in her clothes, he took her down with him. Revulsion forced her to pull free and crawl away, her hands pressed into the rough wood of the deck slick with blood holding her upright as she heaved great gulps of air into her lungs. \"Kira?\" She looked up and Doyle was looming over her, a handgun in his left hand aimed at her head, his thumb finding and cocking the hammer. Her adrenaline, already high, surged in the way that was said to precede the onset of the rage virus. Lying in a pool of contaminated blood and panting, she looked up at him and nodded. Still Doyle hesitated and that made her even angrier. \"What are you waiting for? Do it!\" They had all agreed that should any of them become infected, he or she would be put down immediately, no questions. Yet she was still alive. Alive and able to think coherently. Hanging her head, she waited for the virus to take control of her and for the searing pain of a bullet to the brain that would follow, counting off the seconds in her head. She reached forty and still nothing. In her experience, full-blown onset of symptoms seldom exceeded thirty seconds, yet it had been at least twice that and she was still able to think and reason, albeit tempered with anger that seemed to have no exact place of origin. The virus? Slowly, Doyle lowered the weapon to his side, though Kira noted he hadn't released the hammer or put the safety on. The pounding of footsteps came toward them and stopped, her head whipping around at the sound, her teeth bared in a snarl at the interruption. Johnny and Jamie raised their rifles, lowering them again when Doyle raised a hand. \"Wait.\" He crouched next to her, his left elbow resting on his thigh, the weapon still ready to fire, and touched her tentatively on the shoulder careful to avoid the blood and gore. It made her want to scream obscenities at him. Instead, she lifted her eyes to his pleading for him to do something, anything . \"What-what's ha-happening to me, Sarge?\" Collin shifted his feet. \"Why didn't she turn? If she's immune, Doc and Sunny woulda known, right?\" Nodding, Doyle agreed with the mechanic. \"How many did we lose?\" \"Five. Tom, Nick, Robert, Earl…and Murphy.\" A long exhalation escaped from Doyle as he got to his feet. Murphy had been the vicar of a church in a small village and the sole survivor. \"Crap.\" They'd all gotten used to Doyle swearing up a storm when things didn't go his way. Certain that more was to come, they waited, but that's all he said. \"Collin, take Fair, Johnny and Rose. Check out the other ship. If anything looks at all out of place, don't go aboard. Come back and we'll work on plan D.\" The mechanic's eyebrows met over his nose in puzzlement. \"Plan D? \" \"Plan A was none of this happening. Plan B, the marina and plan C, the ferry.\" No one asked for details. None were needed. Without a word, the three men and one woman followed his order, each tossing one last glance at Kira before climbing onto the pier. Surprising them all, Kira managed a small laugh. \"The ****ing story o' my life . Can't even die right.\" \"Can you stand?\" His voice was soft, more gentle than at any other time except when he spoke to or about his daughter. Getting to her knees, she was overcome by a brief moment of vertigo. Doyle reached out to help her, but she put a stop to it. \"Don't!\" Slowly, she brought herself to standing and, her chin coming up until she could look into the soldier's concerned blue eyes. Turning, she felt more than heard the others tense up, waiting for her to go bonkers so they could put her down. Not that they wanted to, mind you. But they did have a right to defend themselves. \"How do you feel?\" Wiping some of the blood and tissue from her face and the front of her clothes, she raised her voice in anger. \"How do you think I feel? I'm covered in gross, mad as hell and have the worst ****ing hangover ever! \" ~~O~~ Doyle released the hammer and flicked the safety on then shoved the handgun into the holster at his waistband before retrieving the BFG from the deck. It had skittered so far away he'd never have found it by feel alone. He didn't know what was going on with Kira, and taking her into their base would be an act of extreme stupidity, but they had to get her to Max as soon as possible. Or Max to her. \"Kira…\" \"We all knew this could happen, Sarge, 'n you got more'n just me to worry about, so do what you have to. Won't hold it against ya. Promise.\" \"Not happening. At least not yet. We'll figure something out.\" Jamie, the third woman in the group, raised her hand. \"Sarge, I know ya didn't say to, but I packed a couple o' them hazmat suits in with our supplies. We could maybe put her in one o' them.\" \"Good idea. You and Danny go find us a place to clean up then come back. We'll meet at the end of the dock.\" He looked down at Kira, her left eye bloodshot while the right had stayed brown. \"I assume you'd like a shower?\" \"Don't be such a git! O' course I want a ****ing shower! Why you gotta be such a ****ing arsehole all the time?!\" Kira tossed that last over her shoulder as she headed for the gangplank. Billy and Fair parted to let Kira and Doyle pass, giving them both a wide berth, all the while waiting for her to go berserk. Doyle kept several paces to her rear all the way, and the two men fell into step on his six. His head was pounding from where he'd smacked it when he fell. Probing the area with his fingers, he found a lump. No blood proved that it hadn't broken the skin. When he spoke to Max about his immunity, Max told him that for the antibodies to show in his blood, he had to have been exposed to the virus at some point. Major Levy had been the only one injured and she hadn't turned so it couldn't have been her. Andy and Tammy had been immune carriers like their mother, and he had touched the boy that day at the abandoned amusement park. That had to be where he'd been infected. Now, he had infected blood all over him and felt no more than his normal level of irritation at the world in general. One of the buildings on the other side of the coast road had to have a place where they could wash off the blood. He would take Kira inside and help her clean up. They could get her into a suit when it was time to go, just to be safe then destroy the building so no one else would become infected accidentally. The trip from their base had only taken an hour by Hummer. It would take much longer walking, and they didn't really have the time so, on the return trip, Doyle and Kira would ride in one vehicle while the rest rode in the other. Collin, Johnny, Fair and Rose would go on the ferry and meet them there. Now that he had a tentative plan, Doyle felt more in control of the situation. The recent events got him to thinking about his family and something tickled at the back of his mind. His sister-in-law, Josie, had taken medication for post-partum depression after his nephew Christopher was born and his mother took something for epilepsy making him wonder if some types of meds, or combinations, could keep the virus in check. \"What drugs are you taking?\" She muttered an oath and seemed ready to turn on him, but she continued on. \"Anti-seizure and anti-depressants for mild epilepsy.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Weren't none o' your business.\" She kept on walking, gritting her teeth and snarling under her breath. \"Anything that affects our community is my business. You shouldn't have kept it from me, and neither should Max.\" Calling him a few choice names, she glared over her shoulder at all three men. \"You understand doctor/patient confidentiality. Max didn't have a choice.\" Kira's invoking of the confidentiality law dispelled some of Doyle's annoyance. \"What happens when you run out? The doc can't exactly call in a prescription to the local Walgreen's.\" She snorted. \"He stashed enough to get us to Ireland. After that, it's anyone's guess. Or was.\" Any humor Kira had found in the situation was gone by the time they reached the end of the pier, Jamie and Danny watchful from their position in front of a building that housed a gym. \"No idea what'll happen now.\" Danny acknowledged them with a nod. \"It's all ready for ya, Sarge. We brought ya somethin' to wear so ya didn't have to go starkers under the suits.\" \"Wait here.\" Doyle handed the BFG to Jamie as well as the ammo, choosing to keep the Browning and its magazines. Kira stayed quiet as he walked her inside, through the main workout area and into the women's locker room. ~~O~~ The gym looked much like any other. Stationery bikes, treadmills, weight machines, a room for cardio classes and beyond that, the locker rooms. The ladies room door was blocked open and Kira headed in that direction, very aware of everyone and everything around her. She didn't know or care if it had anything to do with the virus, but being so close to another human who was not infected created this magnetic pull in their direction. Only the thought that something inside her was keeping the virus in check helped her cling to the bits and pieces of her tattered sanity. Kira wondered if it was anything like what someone suffering from bipolar disorder felt every day. Paying no attention to Doyle, Kira toed off her shoes, kicking them into a far corner out of the way. She tried several times to open the front of her trousers, but her hands shook with the amount of adrenalin surging through her system. Doyle moved so quickly she jumped when he gently removed her hands, opened the snap and drew the zipper down to the bottom. He curled his fingers over the waistband of her trousers, pulling them down and taking her undies along for the trip. One side of her mouth quirked upward a fraction of an inch. \"The first time in over a year a bloke's gettin' into my trousers and it has to be you. \" \"That a problem?\" His tone said he knew she wasn't chattin' him up. She steadied herself by gripping the counter to lift each foot from the trouser leg. \"Hell, yeah . No offense, Sarge, but I don't fancy you as more'n a friend.\" \"Thanks. I think.\" After discarding the ruined pieces of cloth, Doyle went right to helping her off with the T-shirt. It was one of her favorites, having the name of a band whose music she enjoyed on the front. She turned her back so he could unhook the clasp of her bra. The soldier didn't stare at her naked body and she wasn't sure if she should be insulted. Not, she decided. He was completely focused on his job and nothing else. \"There's shampoo and anti-bacterial soap in the stall. Let me know if you need help.\" Kira nodded and stepped inside. The floor of the stall was wet meaning that Danny or Jamie had established that the water was running. Turning the knobs, she adjusted the stream to a comfortable temperature though the spray hitting her skin upped her anger quotient by more than a few points. This heightened sensitivity of her senses must be another aspect of the virus that had only been speculated upon by the doctors, to hear Sunny and Max tell the story. With the sound of the shower covering it, she snorted with wry humor. Now the virologist and his assistant would have a first-hand account of what it was like to be infected. \"You okay in there?\" Her first instinct was to say, \"**** no , I'm not okay , you bleedin' idiot!\" She swallowed the words before they could form on her lips. \"Nearly done. How're we handlin' tonight?\" \"You rest, and we'll take shifts of two hours each. Start out fresh in the morning.\" She tried to summon up enthusiasm, but just wasn't feeling it. \"Aces.\" Shutting the water off, Kira sloughed the water from her face and shoulder length dark brown hair. Taking the towel Doyle held out, she noticed that he averted his gaze this time. With a shrug, she rubbed her hair, dried the rest of her as much as possible then stepped out of the stall. Hanging from a hook were several sets of scrubs in various sizes and colors. She chose the ones that were a little big, leaving the smaller sizes for the other women then she realized that they wouldn't be using the same stall as her. Wouldn't even come into this locker room. Once she'd tied the drawstring at the waist, she eyed the white hazmat suits on the bench between the rows of lockers. Doyle stood ready to help her into one, but her skin felt like ants were crawling all over making her twitchy. \"Can we leave that for now?\" \"Sure.\" He unbuckled his belt and seeing that he planned on getting undressed right in front of her, she turned her back, going over to sit on a bench that blocked him from view. Thankfully, he didn't say a word. When the water came on in the other stall, it seemed so much louder than when she'd been standing under it, the sound bouncing and echoing inside her head. Ricocheting and rebounding off neurons and the surface of the inside of her skull. Bit by bit, the urge to attack became the uppermost thought in her mind. Her time sense was also skewed, but it seemed like it had been days since she'd taken her meds. If that's what was keeping her lucid, perhaps she should take them now. Going to the exit, Kira knocked on the door to let Danny and Jamie know she was there. \"Jamie?\" \" Yeah? \" The other woman's voice was muffled by the thickness of the wood. \"Could ya bring me my bag? It's black with King's College.\" There was a long pause while Jamie talked it over with Danny, then, \" Right. Tell Sarge Collin's here. \" Knowing that relief from the storm building up inside her was only a few moments away made Kira weak yet strong at the same time. \"Thanks. And Jamie?\" \" I'll hurry. \" Unable to respond, Kira thought, yes, do. She started when someone knocked on the door, interrupting her drifting thoughts of finding and infecting as many as possible. It seemed like only seconds, yet had to have been minutes at least. \"Stand back,\" Danny's voice ordered. She did as he said and a moment later, the door inched open on Jamie's pale, unsmiling face, two bags dangling from her outstretched arm. Stuck in the side pocket of each was a thermos of water. Jamie dropped the bags and two pairs of trainers then the door slammed in Kira's face, but not before she saw that Danny and Collin had their rifles aimed at her head. Behind them, Billy too held a rifle clenched tightly in both hands, his eyes big and round, as if the young man had finally had more than he could take. Join ****ing the club! Fair, Danny and Rose stood in a semi-circle behind the young man, their hands flexing on the stocks of their weapons. Kira didn't mind that her friends were prepared to kill her at a second's notice. She'd have done much the same thing, if their roles had been reversed, then cried herself to sleep over it for weeks. Snatching up her bag, she carried it over to the counter to rummage in one of the inside pockets, coming out with a pill bottle form which she extracted two tablets, tossed them in her mouth and followed with a long draught of lukewarm water. About the time she started feeling better, Doyle came out from the locker room, barefoot and carrying both hazmat suits. Passing him the larger pair of trainers, Kira sat down and checked the size on hers. They were a mite big, but good enough for her needs. And if what she suspected came true, she wouldn't need them much longer. When she told Max about the epilepsy and refused to give him permission to tell Doyle, they'd talked about the meds as a palliative measure. It was something that had been looked into during the CDC's research, but nothing had come of it. How that would change under what amounted to primitive conditions, she didn't know or care at the moment. \"After the others get showers, we'll stay here for the night and in the morning, return to base.\" \"Whatever you think's best, Sarge.\" He went to the door, his left hand raised to knock, looking over his shoulder at her, remorse there for her to see. Regret, guilt, shame. Whatever it's called, he blamed himself for her current condition, but before she could reassure him, his features went blank as knocked and the door opened. He stepped outside to talk with their companions. A little while later, Doyle stood guard between Kira and the others as, one at a time, they went into the second locker room to clean up. When the last of them, Billy, exited the building, Doyle went out with him, coming back with packets of food. \"Can you eat something?\" Too tired now to bother with shrugging, she accepted the package he handed her. \"Guess we'll see.\" ~~O~~ They spent the next few minutes intent on their uninspiring meals. When done, Doyle carried the empty packages to the counter and dropped them in a trashcan. Leaning against the wall, he crossed his arms, watching her. The eye-opener about having a possible life-threatening illness disturbed him more than he let on. Confidentiality be damned! By not telling him, they'd made it that much harder for him to keep everyone out of harm's way. He and Max would have a long talk when they got home. Going into the men's locker room, he found stacks of towels in a closet and men's clothes in some of the lockers. He had clothes in his bag, but he'd just lost an entire set as did the rest of the team. They'd take what they needed from here or stop at a shop in town before heading back after breakfast. Collin had pronounced the ferry a barge and that it was ready for passengers and cargo. He already had a plan for them to be able to load at least three of their vehicles, maybe four now that there were fewer people. The mechanic, Fair, Rose and Johnny would pilot the ship back, taking it slow and easy. As soon as Max and Sunny had done any and all possible testing on Kira and him their next stop would be Ireland. To let Kira know he wasn't afraid to be near her, Doyle carried a stack of towels to her and she accepted them with a gloomy smile then sat holding them in her lap. She was still in that position when he returned with a second stack. Taking the towels from Kira's lax hands, he went into the locker room, spread one out on a cushioned bench and folded a second one into a pillow. When she didn't come of her own free will, he got up and waited for her to join him, leading her to the makeshift bed. Standing there staring at the floor, in a bone weary voice she asked, \"What if I turn durin' the night? I don't wanna kill none o' you.\" \"Let me worry about that. Just get some sleep. Uh, if you need someone to talk to…\" \"I'll come to you. Or you'll come to me because I 'spect I'll be locked away, especially when we get to the research place.\" She sat down and swung her legs up onto the bench. \"Unless someone has to do me in before.\" \"What I was gonna say is if you need someone to talk to, speak to Pip. She studied psych in college. I'm just a man who used to get paid to serve and protect.\" Lying back, she turned onto her side, one arm curled under her head and the other draped over her stomach. \"You'll be at it again 'fore long, Sarge. I'm sure.\" \"That makes one of us.\" Setting a Maglite on the floor within reach, he covered her with another towel then used another to find his way back out to the door where he let the others in. \"Collin, we have to rig up a way to alert us if Kira tries to get out of the locker room during the night.\" Hindering them was the fact that the door opened in instead of out though it did have a curved handle instead of a traditional knob. They fixed that by removing the weights from a barbell and wedging it through the handle. The strength of someone in a full blown transformation was such that it wouldn't hold for long. But at least they'd have enough time to react. That done, Doyle gathered his team around. \"Two hours shifts. Me, Collin, Rose, Danny, Fair and Billy. When we…\" \"No, Sarge.\" Doyle snapped his mouth shut when Billy spoke up. Like Alfie, the young man seldom said more than a few words though Doyle got the feeling it was for a different reason than the cashier. His best guess was that Billy suffered from clinical depression, but whether it was brought on by the events since this recent outbreak, had started long before then or was something new, there was no way to know. \"Excuse me?\" \"I'll do yer watch, sir.\" From the stubborn set of his lips and the hardness in his features, Doyle saw that Billy was serious. Rather than argue, the soldier let him have his way, making it sound like it was his own idea. \"On second thought, I'm not feelin' so hot. Think I'll hit the sack a little early. Wake me at 0600.\" He dropped to the mat, laid his head on a folded towel and pretended to fall instantly asleep, listening to the others do the same. The sounds of restlessness followed for what seemed half the night, then the next thing Doyle knew, it was morning. They munched on MREs then Doyle raided the upscale clothing store down the road. In there, he also found baby clothes, but was hesitant to take them for fear of infecting Gracie. Gauging Kira's size was harder. If Gracie's clothes were too big, she'd eventually grow into them. With an adult female, if you guessed too big, they'd be insulted. I think we're past that , he thought with a small humor left over from the night before when he'd helped her undress. Doing so had given him an idea of her clothing style. She had eclectic tastes in music and preferred frilly underclothes. He grabbed pants, socks, a top, panties and a bra that would do. On the way out, something caught his eye. Shoving the last item way down in the bag, Doyle stepped outside where Danny was watching his back, and together they returned to the gym. He handed each person a bag on his way to the locker room to change. The rest just thanked him and shoved the clothes into their duffle bags. Kira nodded in gratitude then went to change. While he'd been gone, Collin and his team had placed all their things on board the barge then divided up the supplies. Because it would take just an hour to get to their base by land, all the food went with Collin, the others keeping just enough water for the ride. ~~O~~ Standing in front of the gym where she could see the pier, Kira watched her friends bid each other good-bye-a couple even hugged-wishing she could be a part of it. To feel the touch of another human being would be heaven to someone who knew the rest of her life would be spent separate, apart from everyone she cared about. Going back inside, she finally opened the bag Doyle had given her, pulling out a graphic tee, dungarees, knickers that looked like something her Gran would've worn and a plain white bra. Shaking her head, she stepped into the loo to change and found a surprise in the bottom of the bag. Rolling the bag up tight, she shoved it in her duffle bag and zipped it up. Doyle had obviously gotten the last item to cheer her up, and it did, but only slightly. Always there, lurking inside her was the fact that she now had the virus and couldn't be allowed near anyone else. Even Max would be protected behind the white material of the hazmat suit and its hood. \" Kira! \" Doyle's voice echoed in the gym reminding her it was time to leave. She didn't bother with answering other than to take up her bag and join him. \"Right here, Sarge. Ya don't have to yell.\" \"Time to go. I've sent the others ahead.\" She looked down at the hand he held out to her, and though she wanted to take what he offered, she walked around him and out the front door. He jogged past her to hold open the passenger door of the Hummer then walked around and got behind the wheel. With silent gratitude she thanked him for not making an issue of the fact that she didn't put on her seatbelt. They'd driven about ten minutes before she spoke. \"I want Max to study me. Take blood and whatever else doctors do when someone's contagious.\" \"This'll be his first opportunity to study someone with the virus from beginning to…\" He snapped his mouth shut and stared out the windscreen. \"Go ahead and say it 'cause I won't be makin' to Ireland.\" Doyle's head turned in her direction so fast Kira could hear it pop. \"I've had to take my meds twice since it happened.\" Reaching into the door pocket, Doyle took out a pad and pen. \"Write it down. Start with when it happened. Everything you thought and felt. Like a diary.\" Some small part of Kira's former humor returned. \" Dear Diary, Today I was infected with the rage virus and tried to kill all my friends. Ain't life a pain the arse? Love, Kira. \" Doyle didn't respond and she immediately felt sorry she'd teased him. Flipping to the first unused page, she started with arriving at the dock and how much she missed the beach until she saw the dead bodies in the water and smelled them rotting on the shore. From there, she jumped to joining the others when the infected attacked. How she knew she would die the second she went to Doyle's aid and the shock when it didn't happen. By the time the Hummer pulled to a stop a half kilometer from the base, she'd started listing all the things she'd always wanted to do but hadn't. Fall in love was at the top, right after snogging Prince William, though the two weren't mutually exclusive. At any other time, embarrassment would've kept her from telling even her closest friends. But her life would be over soon, she was sure of it, and she didn't want to go with more regrets than she already had. One regret was that she hadn't traveled to America and sitting beside her was a perfect resource. \"Sarge, tell me about the U.S. What's it like across the pond?\" \"About the same as here. Trees, water, lots more Starbuck's.\" \"What part do ya call home?\" He pushed the seat back for more leg room and crossed his arms. \"Seattle, Washington.\" \"Tell me about when you was a boy. What's yer family like?\" Narrowing his eyes, Doyle seemed to be puzzling out her reasons for asking all these questions. \"I have three older brothers. All married with kids, four nieces, three nephews. Mom and Dad are still around. They've been married for almost fifty years.\" \"Play sports in school?\" The side of his mouth facing her curved upward. \"Yeah. Football mostly. Spent a lot of time in the emergency room too. Not always from playing sports though. When I was eight, me and my buddy, Dave built this ramp in the vacant lot down the street. Then we got a rope and Dave towed me on a skateboard behind his bike. He got goin' really fast, then I let go of the rope and aimed for the ramp.\" \"Crickey! What happened?\" \"Woke up in the hospital with a concussion, bruises, scrapes, and my right arm in a cast.\" He smiled fondly. \"Ah, fun times.\" Snorting, she went back to scribbling on the pad. \"You 'n me got a different definition of fun, Sarge.\" She was startled when Doyle suddenly opened the door and climbed out. \"Here they come.\" Kira didn't need to be told who 'they' were because Max and Sunny were coming toward them wearing the white hazmat suits without the hoods, and behind them stood the biggest and strongest men in their group: Archer, Charlie, Ellis and Simon, walking like a royal bodyguard behind Pip. All were well armed and looking a little too enthusiastic about the possibility that they might have to put one of their own down. All but Pip, who had found a thigh holster somewhere allowing her to brandish a weapon in plain sight as was her right. That, combined with her small stature and a glare gave her a dangerous appearance. ~~O~~ The excited babble of voices drew Pip to the front of the building with the others. Peeking out the window, she saw only one of the vehicles that Doyle and his group had taken on their road trip. Keeping a tight lid on her emotions, she took a deep breath then strode confidently out to greet them as was her duty. \"Welcome back. Hope you have some good news for us.\" Trying not to be obvious about it, her eyes darted around looking for their leader, but all the faces that met hers were grave. Jamie even looked like she'd been crying. Danny, the self-appointed spokesman, stepped forward, a thumb shoved into his belt and one hip thrust to the side. He was the only one who didn't call her Phoebe or Pip. \"Our trip hit a snag, Pheebs. We're to bring the doc and Sunny.\" \"Who was hurt?\" \"We were attacked by infected 'n lost Murphy, Tom, Nick, Earl and Robert. Collin took Fair, Rose and Johnny with 'im on the boat.\" No one missed that two names had been left off that list. TBC[Chapter 10] A/N: I'm issuing a *warning* for this chapter as it contains several intense scenes that are the reason for the M rating. But don't despair. It won't stay that way for long. Thanks to ladygris for the Beta. Namaste, ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 10 Pip shoved her hands into her pockets to keep them from shaking. \"Kira and Doyle?\" Max and Sunny rushed out of the building in time to hear Billy answer Pip's question. \"They're infected.\" \"What?!\" The single word exploded out of the medical team now standing next to Ruby holding a fussy Gracie. Waverly and Clover stood on the other side, their eyes wide with shock. His eyes hooded, Danny came forward, a hand on Billy's shoulder and speaking quietly. \"Go help Jamie.\" Nodding, the young man did as he was asked. When he was out of earshot, Danny shrugged sheepishly. \"Don't mind the boy. He was forced to shoot Murphy after he turned and he's still feeling it.\" Tearing her gaze from Billy's retreating back, Pip remarked sadly, \"Probably will for a long time.\" She took a deep cleansing breath. \"What's the word?\" \"The word is Doyle's fine. He's just being cautious.\" Pip noted that Danny had dropped the pretense of being a Scouser. One night, Pip and he had been on patrol together where she remarked that he looked familiar. After a little prodding, he told the truth. His real name was Sir Cornelius Daniel Lytton III, hailed as one of Britain's richest and most eligible bachelors just weeks prior to the first outbreak. Afterward, they talked about where they were when everything started the first go round. Reluctantly, he'd confessed to being a guest at Elton John's birthday party when the news came on BBC. \"And Kira?\" \"It's the damnedest thing. She started to turn then it just…stopped. Seems she's taking something that's keeping it in check for now. How long that continues, only Max and Sunny can say.\" \"Thanks.\" With a nod, Pip ordered four of the men to follow her as she fell into step behind Max and Sunny already in the hazmat suits, stopping far enough away to be relatively safe yet close enough to hear. When they neared the Hummer parked in front of a second-hand furniture store, Doyle climbed from behind the wheel and stood waiting. Kira stayed in the Hummer until Max waved her out. Tentatively, the dark-haired woman who was just a few years older than Pip joined Doyle. The two medical professionals dropped their hoods into place and came to stop just a few feet away, speaking in low tones. Doyle and Kira got back into the Hummer and waited. ~~O~~ The faceplate of the hood distorted everything Max saw. The suit itself restricted movement so that every gesture, whether walking or performing delicate surgery, had to be deliberate. He sent his newest patients back to their vehicle then returned to Pip, lifting the hood enough to speak. \"There's a small clinic a few miles into town. We'll rig up an iso unit as best we can and start testing. See if we can scrounge a couple generators from somewhere to power the equipment we need. I'll make a list, and take Oscar. If you can't find what I need, he can MacGyver something.\" \"Right. Archie, take Ellis and drag Oscar away from his pet project. Let everyone know what's what then see to Max's list.\" \"On it, miss.\" Sunny pushed the hood off her head letting hang down in back. \"I'll go along and start getting everything set up once the generators are online.\" Forcing herself not to roll her eyes at how strange Archer's deep voice sounded when he called her \"miss\", Pip simply nodded then turned to Max. \"Well?\" \"Won't know much until I've given them both a thorough examination. Doyle seems fine. No more or less cranky than before. As for Kira, we'll know more when we see the results of her blood tests.\" They all turned at the sound of an engine coming close. \"Want me to tell Doyle about what we found?\" \"Yes. Oscar should have it working soon.\" Pip's eyes searched the area for nothing in particular and that meant there was a subject she wanted to raise but didn't know how. She'd bring it up when it suited her to and not before. No need in rushing. Together they headed back toward the base. \"Archer, Ellis and their cronies can do all the heaving lifting. They're not well-educated, but they take orders well.\" \"Thanks. Sunny and I'll sleep at the clinic. And don't worry. We'll figure this out.\" \"I know.\" Flashing their interim leader a comforting smile, Max broke into a jog. As he turned a corner, he looked back to see Pip watching the Hummer where Doyle and Kira still sat. The engine started, Doyle backed up and pulled out into the street, taking a side road to the clinic. When they were gone, Pip's voice rang out. \"Alright you lot, let's get back home. Ruby and Lukas will have lunch ready soon. After, we'll have another meetin' to work out a new schedule of chores now that we're split up again.\" This time there was no chorus of \"yes, miss\" as they dispersed. ~~O~~ With Doyle out of action for God knew how long, keeping their moral up was Pip's job. When the guys were done setting up the generators, Pip would have Oscar hook a DVD player up to the telly and show a few movies or some such to help take their minds off the letdown they'd all been served. Maybe it was time to have another party. They could celebrate Doyle's return to active duty, as he put it. That alone deserved at least a song from Lucy and Jasper. Flo was on guard at the front door when Pip arrived, the older woman slapping a hand to her forehead in an exaggerated salute. \"Welcome back, Miss Phoebe, ma'am. How's Sarge?\" \"Didn't get to talk to him direct. Chompin' at the bit that he'd gotta be confined, I'm sure.\" Flo pursed her lips, a glint of mischievousness in her eyes. \"Yeah. That's it.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"I mean it's probably Gracie he's wantin' t' see.\" Pip's cheeks burned with embarrassment. If Flo knew how she felt about Doyle, then everyone had to know, yet no one had seen fit to comment on it or the fact that she was the 2IC, chosen over the men with military training. Not honoring Flo's remark with a comment, Pip went in search of Lucy, changing directions when Gracie began to cry. She followed the sound to Doyle's room to find Ruby walking the floor and rubbing the baby's back soothingly. \"What's wrong with her?\" \"She misses D-o-y-l-e.\" \"Why're you spellin'? She's a baby .\" Shifting Gracie around to the other shoulder, Ruby kept walking and Pip kept pace with her, the two women staying in step. \"'Cause every time she hears his name, she gets excited thinking he's come home, and when he don't, she's disappointed. And a disappointed Gracie can cry loud enough t' be heard in Edinburgh.\" \"Got ya. I'll just go hunt up our resident party girl. It's time we had another bash.\" Out in the hall, Pip shook her head. As she neared the large waiting room they used as a common area, she heard the unmistakable sounds of kissing, tracking it to a supply closet at the end of the far end of the hall. Not even thinking what she might see, she yanked open the door to find Lucy and Jasper snogging like there was no tomorrow. So involved were they that neither of them noticed her intrusion. Backing up, she closed the door again and walked away. That evening after dinner, Pip went to her thinking place, better known as the third floor landing. Sitting with her back against the wall, she just let random thoughts pass in and out of her consciousness. Then the squeak of trainers on the steps startled her from a light doze. Billy, divested of his rifle and dressed for bed, stood a few steps down, obviously waiting to be noticed. Scooting upright and pushing her hair back, she invited him to join her. He sat down with his back against the wall opposite her, one leg up, his arm resting on his knee. \"Sarge and Kira. It's my fault.\" Whatever she thought he was going to say, that wasn't it. \"It's only your fault if you created the rage virus. But that's not what you mean.\" Taking a few moments to organize her thoughts, Pip stretched her short legs out in front of her crossed at the ankles. \"My family was spared in the first go round, and we counted ourselves blessed by God's own hand. \"After spendin' six months in a German refugee came, we'd only been in our new house on the Isle of Dogs for three weeks when the unthinkable happened again.\" Pip had his full attention now. \"I'm the youngest of four. The oldest, David, was the first to be infected. He'd already gone after my sister, Dania and our other brother, Pauly, when he came for me. I ran to my parent's room for the shotgun, killed him, Dania, Pauly and our parents. So I know what it's like to have to do what you did. The important thing to remember is you did it to protect others. Murphy wouldn't hold you responsible for your actions, and neither will anyone else.\" She waited a few heartbeats to let him absorb her words. Without speaking, he got to his feet, adjusted the handgun shoved into the holster covered by his shirt and slowly descended the stairs. One Week Later Standing in front of the clinic, Doyle breathed deeply of the first real fresh air he'd tasted in more than seven days. It had been at his insistence that Max do each test several times to be absolutely certain there was no chance that he would unknowingly infect another, especially Gracie. He'd never seen the virus take over a baby and didn't want to. Seeing it happen to children-puppies in his personal sniper lingo-was bad enough. If it were to happen to a baby, well, he didn't want to think about it or he'd go crazy for real. The clinic was two and a half klicks from base. He thought about jogging back, but Ruby was supposed to be on her way with Gracie. He'd been able to see his daughter through the window and each time she cried making him feel like a heel. But it was better for them both to be unhappy than dead. His arms crossed, Doyle paced until the sound of a Hummer came toward him. Danny got out and opened the back door for Ruby carrying a wiggling bundle of baby in a pink dress, matching headband and socks. Her hair had lightened from its original brown and was now closer to his sandy color. The eyes that looked at him with such complete trust and affection had changed as well. They were closer to sky blue now. But what she looked like didn't matter. Just that he could see and touch her again. Gracie swiveled her head around probably remembering that this was the place where she'd seen him before. He called out to her, \"Gracie.\" Her eyes found him and she smiled, her legs kicking and arms waving in excitement. Taking her from Ruby, he held her up in the air and smiled back. \"There's my girl. Did you miss Daddy?\" \"'Course she did. Cried every night you weren't there, Sarge,\" Ruby told him. When Danny walked away to give them privacy, Ruby followed and Doyle was alone with his daughter. Keeping his voice low, he said, \"I missed you too, sweetheart. What's that bow in your hair? Are you a girly-girl? You can be my wing-girl when I go to pick up chicks in the park.\" His hands under her arms, Doyle lifted Gracie high in the air making her giggle and kick. She was having so much fun he turned her on her stomach to fly her around in circles making airplane sounds. \"It's Super-Gracie!\" Not wanting her to upchuck, he cuddled her close and she reached out to grab his nose. \"Got some mad hand-eye coordination skills goin' on there, sweetheart. You are a genius.\" He heard Ruby coming, but ignored her while he and Gracie played. \"Takes after her daddy. It's about time for her feedin' and you'll be wantin' t' do that yourself bein' as its time for her to start on cereal.\" \"Oh, yeah.\" His smile faded as he and Ruby walked toward the Hummer. \"You know, until this little girl, I didn't know what I was missing. Lived the solitary life of a soldier, trained as a sniper. Then she came along and…\" \"You're not alone anymore.\" Looking down into Gracie's face as she once again chewed on her fingers, Doyle knew how lucky he was. How lucky they both were. If he hadn't been with the group, they wouldn't have had a reason to stop at Lu's house and Gracie would be dead too. Or someone else would be raising her, and he wouldn't have been there for the milestones a baby goes through, all her firsts. And he wouldn't have missed that for anything. He smiled at his daughter and she smiled back. \"No. I'm not.\" ~~O~~ In the isolation room, Kira relaxed with a book. It wasn't that well written or interesting, but it was something to do. Oscar offered to set up a TV and DVD player, but she turned it down. The electrical engineer did hook a CD player to a car battery and someone was always around to change the music or turn it off if it got on her nerves. Lucy had played a few tunes for her. In fact, all her friends had been around at least once. A group had come in one evening after an especially bad day and played games with her. She sunk all of Doyle's battleships to her delight and his consternation. Going to the cooler, she took out a bottle of Barr Cola. It wasn't as cold as she liked it, but she didn't complain. The drink hit her stomach and she immediately became queasy. Recapping the bottle, she bent over to replace it in the cooler, nearly pitching head first onto the floor, catching herself by grabbing the counter. Her left eye began to throb in time with her heartbeat which had picked up speed as a fierce anger built inside her brain. Beating the door with both fists, she called out, \"Max! Sunny!\" Kira's gut clenched, pain shooting through her entire body, anger and fear warring inside her brain. Going to the bathroom, she reached the toilet just in time to vomit a very large amount of blood. Her ears and head pounded as she screamed in a mixture of pain and fury. Enough of her reasoning mind functioned so that she didn't immediately attack when strong hands forced her to the floor. Thrashing round and growling, she barely felt the prick of a needle in her upper arm and moments later, surrendered to the sweet oblivion of sleep. ~~O~~ Standing over the now quiescent Kira, Max directed Alfie and Patrick to place her on the bed. He was afraid of this. As part of the research team trying to find a cure for the rage virus, it had been theorized that meds used to suppress or deadened certain parts of the brain might work as a temporary fix. The meds would be used to suppress the anger allowing an infected person to remain coherent enough to assist with describing the symptoms and how each different med affected the way they felt, physically and emotionally until the right combination or a cure was found. Max and Sunny did the best they could with what they had, but it wasn't enough. It was never going to be enough. They needed more. More equipment, a more secure isolation, more meds to test, more subjects, more time. Just…more. But they weren't going to get it. Not today, tomorrow, next week or even next month. The odds were against them though Max believed in miracles or Kira would be dead now. Shot by one of her own as a mercy. Max joined the men out in the hall. For security, Max and Sunny never came into Kira's room at the same time just in case she injured one of them despite their precautions. Pulling off his hazmat hood, he make an attempt to spin this incident in a positive light, but they'd all seen too much of the virus' casualties to be fooled. Gordon pointed out, \"It's only been six hours since her last dose.\" \"So give her another,\" Alfie suggested. Shaking his head, Max explained, \"She's already getting twice the normal dose of both meds. The problem we had when we tried for a cure before was that eventually, the patient builds up a tolerance to the drugs until taking them becomes just a waste of time and effort.\" Patrick, a former amateur bodybuilder, uttered one word and it summed up how Max felt at this moment. \"Crap.\" It was all crap. Everything they were trying to do for Kira and for the world. Eventually, they would end up having to either kill her or let her starve to death after the virus could no longer be managed. He was a doctor , sworn to first, do no harm. What he had to figure out was of the choices to be had, which would do the least amount of harm. The answers wouldn't be found standing around feeling sorry for themselves, Max decided. \"Keep an eye on her. When she wakes, come and get me or Sunny.\" The hood bounced hitting him repeatedly on the upper back as he walked quickly down the hall to the lab. Stripping out of the suit, he asked Sunny, \"Where were we?\" Turning from watching the centrifuge spin, Sunny had one hand on her hip and the other holding a clipboard. \"Did you tell her?\" \"What? That we may have a cure, that the 'cure' may be worse than the disease and even if it did work, we can't replicate it? No, I didn't.\" \"She deserves to know the truth. They all do, Pricey.\" She tacked the silly nickname on the end deliberately. His half-grin turned up one side of his mouth before he could stop it and he shook a finger at her. \"I do not feel like laughing.\" A loud clap of thunder came on top of a bright flash of lightning that made Sunny jump. Rain came pouring down on the roof making it sound like they were inside a tin can. \"Oh s***! \" \"The natives are restless tonight. It's really coming down out there. Guess we'll have to cancel our dinner reservations at Chez Whateverthehellitis.\" \"And I was so looking forward to the lobster mac and cheese served with a nice bottle of Pinot Grigio. Hey, where're you going?\" Max pointed to his bags in the corner where he slept, poked around in the larger one coming up with a dusty bottle of wine he'd liberated from the mansion. \"It's not white, but it'll go great with MREs.\" Taking two clean beakers from the shelf, Sunny held them out while Max poured the dark red liquid. \"Cheers.\" Sunny took a tentative sip, making a face at the taste. \"That's not cheeky. It's downright rude!\" She drank down every last drop, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and held the beaker out. \"Hit me again.\" ~~O~~ After Gracie went to sleep, Doyle left the door open so he could hear if she cried then went down the hall to watch the movie Oscar set up for the night's entertainment. Not one of his favorites, he quickly lost interest. He wasn't the only one to go by Billy's expression. The young man abruptly left the room. Doyle was tempted to follow, but he didn't. Billy had to work through what had happened, and when he was ready to talk about it, Doyle would be ready listen. Going to the kitchen, he poured a glass of lukewarm tea and drank it down. ~~O~~ When Kira awoke from her sedative induced nap, she felt better and worse at the same time. She no longer felt like vomiting, but she also didn't feel like eating though water sounded good and would help her dry mouth and throat. Her throat soothed, she sat at the table, drawing the stack of stationery and a pen to her. Lucy brought it to her days before and it had sat unused on the table ever since. Today had been the worst since she became infected. The thing she hated most was not being able to interact directly with people. It was wearing on her and the others. They all tried to maintain cheerful and positive outlooks, but she could see in their eyes that it was hopeless. She'd been spared a quick death from a bullet to the brain only to die a slow death from the virus. Anyone infected knew they only had seconds before they turned, but she had more than a week to contemplate her eventual death and was ready for it to be over. But first, there was something she had to do. At the top of the first cream colored embossed page, Kira wrote the date and sorting out her thoughts. Then she began to write… Dear Ruby, I'll be gone soon and don't want to leave without saying a few things. Thank you so much for being more than a friend at a time when I needed it most. My mum and dad have been gone for a while now, and I miss them every day. But having you about, was like having my mum with me again. Someone to tell my troubles to and share in my victories. Not that there were that many good days since, well, you know. I'm just glad you were there… Kira kept writing until she'd filled several pages with her surprisingly neat handwriting, signing the bottom with, Yours, Kira . Folding the pages in half, she carefully inserted them into a matching envelope, pressed the self-sticking closure to seal it and writing Ruby's name on the front. She kept at it all that day, stopped for the night when Alfie brought dinner then picked up again the next morning. ~~O~~ After breaking up a third fight between Billy and another member of the group, Doyle finally took matters into his own hands, tired of waiting for the boy to work it through. It was midafternoon, cloudy and threatening to rain…again. Doyle had Billy by the shoulder of his shirt, dragging him out the front door and around the side of the building because he refused to pick up his feet. A small patio formed an oasis amid the turmoil of their situation, but Doyle barely noticed. He shoved Billy onto the bench and stood over him with his arms crossed. \"What the hell's goin' on?\" The young man kept his eyes on the ground while he picked at a hangnail and shrugged. \"I can't help you if you won't talk to me.\" Billy got to his feet, turned his back and shoved both hands deep into his pockets, his shoulders stiff. \"I weren't here for the first go of the virus. Ain't never killed no one b'fore. 'N Murph was a vicar.\" Doyle understood the feeling. He'd gone through the same mental gymnastics the first time he took someone out through the scope of his rifle. Still did in some ways. Yet he did what he had to do in order to keep those under his protection safe. \"Us or them\" was his mantra, his motto. Even when he'd taken out members of his own squad, people he knew and trusted. He told himself he was doing them a favor. Once their minds were gone, they weren't, in the strictest sense of the word, human any longer. And telling Billy that wouldn't make him any friends because the boy had to see it for himself. To come to terms with his actions and take responsibility for them without letting it become an all-encompassing cloud over his head. Keeping his distance Doyle softened his tone, \"I know it's hard, Billy. No one knows more than I do that taking a life isn't easy, even if taking that life saves others. A soldier is the guy who makes it possible for the rest of the civilized world to hate war. Murphy was a man of God, but he was also a soldier. We all are. He wouldn't have wanted to endanger the lives of others because of sentiment. That doesn't mean you shouldn't feel bad about it. Just know that there was nothing you could've done to prevent it.\" There was the slightest tempering of Billy's attitude, his shoulders coming down from where they'd bunched up around his ears telling Doyle that he was listening. Really listening. Not only to what was said, but what wasn't said as well. Doyle turned Billy to face him with a hand on his shoulder, relieved when he didn't fight it. \"What's important now is that you not bury that anger and resentment inside you. Let it out. Even if it's in one blinding flash, then move on. That's how you handle this like a man.\" Billy considered Doyle's words and seemed to find an ace that he could keep. \"The next time you feel like knockin' someone on their ass, come to me.\" Doyle dropped into a boxer's stance, punching the air. \"We'll go a few rounds. Okay?\" Billy gave up a weak smile and a short nod. \"Yeah. Thanks, Sarge.\" Slapping him on the back, Doyle grinned. \"Now get back to work. Ruby and Lukas need help so you're on KP.\" ~~O~~ With just two more letters to write, Kira only vaguely resented Sunny's intrusion into her personal space. When the blood had been drawn, capped and notated, Kira smiled, but with an attitude of gallows humor. \"Sorry we have to keep doing this, Kira,\" Sunny said apologetically, her voice echoing inside the hood. Just inside the door stood Patrick and Ellis also in hazmat suits, there to protect Sunny. \"Lucky the virus makes all that extra blood or I'd be drained dry by now. On the bright side, I'm safe from vampires.\" Sunny gave her a blank stare, though her eyes betrayed her amusement. \"Ah, yes. Humor. I've heard of it. Tried it once, but it left a bad taste.\" Without meaning to, Kira chuckled. \"Oh, you're good. Just the right amount of bile and hilarity.\" Glancing over her shoulder, Sunny gave Kira's hand a comforting squeeze made impersonal by the glove. \"We're close, Kira. I can feel it. It'll all be over soon.\" \"God, I hope you're right.\" Still holding the lab tech's hand, she gazed up at her with pleading eyes, trying to make her see that they were prolonging the inevitable and begging to end it. Not responding to Kira's silent entreaties, Sunny simply said, \"I'll be back soon with your meds.\" Alone again, Kira wanted to crawl into bed and cry herself to sleep, but the blinds had been taken down and everyone would see. The bathroom was out too because if she stayed in there too long, someone always came in to check on her. Sitting down at the desk, she wrote a letter to Max and Sunny and put it in the envelope. There was one more to go and it was the hardest. She should resent the fact that Doyle was immune, but it wasn't fair to either of them to be bitter about something the man had no control over. And if things had gone just a little differently, he wouldn't have been in England for Sunny to discover his immunity. He should also know what having him as their leader meant to them, to her . How he'd rallied them together when it seemed as if all hope had been lost for a second time. How seeing him go from the solitary soldier to father had made her feel happiness for the first time in months. Picking up the pen, she started writing… My Dearest Nigel, So much needs to be said that I'm not sure where to start, so let's go with this: You really should've killed me. I've just been running in place this last week. Not even that. I'm losing ground and picking up speed, like a snowball rolling downhill. It's not your fault, and if Max and Sunny learn anything from this then I'm glad to have helped in some way. Now, about Gracie. That little girl has given you a new purpose in life aside from fighting and killing. Now don't try to explain your way out of it. I may not be as educated as Pricey, Sunny and Danny, but that don't mean cobwebs have been growing inside my brain. And speaking of brains, use yours along with your eyes to see there's someone-won't say who-that cares about you more than she thinks she should. You feel the same so no use denying it or you'll lose her to another what don't deserve her. I'm not just blowing smoke out my arse and you know it… TBC[Chapter 11] A/N: I'm issuing a *warning* for this chapter as it contains several intense scenes that are the reason for the M rating. But don't despair. It won't stay that way for long. Namaste, ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 11 The stack of envelopes sat on the table, silently embracing the bits and pieces of Kira's life she chose to share with the group that had become a surrogate family to her, to each other. They watched, they cried, they fought…they loved. And they did it together, just the way a family should. Gathering them together, she stacked them inside the empty stationery box and replaced the top. Suddenly tired, the young woman pressed her palms flat on the table to help her stand. A wave of dizziness came over her and it became hard to breathe. Looking down, she noticed that her ankles were swollen below the legs of the khaki capris Lucy had given her. A week ago, they fit perfectly, but now they hung low on her boney hips. Pulling the drawstring tighter, she tied a bow and decided a nap would be nice. Though it was only a few steps to the bed, to Kira it seemed much further. Reaching for the footboard, she misjudged the distance and missed, falling to the floor, knocking over the chair in a clatter of metal and leather. A moment later, the door hissed open. \"Kira? You okay?\" Patrick's voice seemed to come from far away. Pressing her hands into the floor, she lifted herself just a few inches until her strength gave out. And somewhere, in the distance and getting farther away with each second, she heard Patrick calling for Max and Sunny then nothing. ~~O~~ \"It wasn't easy. We had to disconnect some of the machines we use for testing in order to set up the x-ray machine, but we got it. An MRI or catheterization would've been better, but we don't have the power.\" Doyle stared at the x-ray Max held up to the light from the window pointing out the pertinent areas. \"See this area here?\" Nodding, Doyle tried to absorb everything Max was telling him. \"That's the extras…\" \"Extrinsic cardiomyopathy. It means that the primary pathology is outside the myocardium, the heart muscle, itself. The most common is ischemia or lack of oxygen to the heart muscle. In Kira's case, it's caused by the virus ravaging her organs and the drugs she's taking at the very high doses we have to give her so she can function…\" \"A pincer movement.\" Lowering his arm, Max set the x-ray aside, crossing his arms and frowning. \"Not how I would've put it, but essentially, yes. The virus and the drugs are working in tandem to damage her organs, starting with her heart and brain. Kidney function is diminished by twenty percent, as is the liver and pancreas. If we can't figure something out soon, she won't make it to the end of the week.\" From her place at Max's side, Sunny added, \"What appeared to be a blessing in the beginning has been torture for Kira. We might as well break out medieval torture devices.\" Max waved a hand, gesturing for Doyle to take a seat. Both men waited until Sunny was seated before dropping into chairs. Doyle flipped his around, straddling it, his arms folded on the back. \"What's the plan?\" The medical professionals exchanged glances, Sunny taking up the baton. \"Earlier today, she asked me to help her. Not in so many words, but I could see it in her eyes. She's ready for this to be over. She wants to die.\" Max was careful not to stare at Doyle while he thought over the implications of all he'd been told and said, \"I won't let her die alone. I'll help her.\" \"Sergeant.\" Taking a deep breath, Max held it for a moment then let it out. \"Assisted suicide is illegal in the UK.\" Doyle rolled the chair forward and back using his feet as a substitute for pacing. \"The government is non-existent and even if it were, these aren't exactly textbook conditions.\" Max simply stared at the soldier until he gave in. \"What can we do?\" One of the machines beeped. Sunny got up to answer the call, Max watching her go before answering. He already knew Doyle didn't want to hear what he had to say. \"Make her comfortable. That's about it.\" After a short period of intense thinking, Doyle got to his feet with a sense of purpose. \"Then let's send her out with a bang.\" ~~O~~ Kira was beginning to think there was some sort of conspiracy going on. Her friends were always whispering, stopping when they saw her watching. This talking behind her back, so to speak, had been going on for days, and she felt it was time she knew what was going on. She'd ask pointed questions the next time Max or Sunny came for her daily blood-letting, which had gotten to the point where they were finding it difficult to locate a place that hadn't been used several times already. She didn't even want to think about the spinal tap. Opening her book, she started reading to pass the time. It was way past lunch time and no one had been to see her aside from the guards. Ellis and Charlie came on just after sunrise and had been acting strange all morning. Her eyes drifted closed and just as she was falling asleep, excited voices jerked her awake again. Going to the window, Kira peered out and witnessed an odd sight. Lucy, Ione and Jamie were talking with Max and Sunny. The small group went into the room across the hall and shut the door. A few minutes later, the three women came out wearing hazmat suits and carrying bags. To her surprise, Ellis opened the door and let them in. \"What are you lot on about?\" Ione cleared the table top and together, the women pulled a variety of familiar items out and arranged them according to some master plan of theirs. With a big grin, Jamie made a ta-dah gesture. \"We're gettin' ya ready for the big bash tonight.\" \"Bash?\" Kira heard how dumbfounded her voice sounded. It matched her mind-set at the moment. \"Party, do, soirée, fête.\" Ione, just gone nineteen, practically danced with anticipation. \"Hair, make-up, nails, clothes. We got it all, baby!\" Not knowing what to say, Kira settled for, \"Okay.\" Dragging the largest of the bags to her, Jamie dug around until she found what she wanted. \"We brought several dresses for ya to choose from, but this is my favorite.\" The musician held up a bright purple dress. It had a pleated skirt with a leather yoke and cap sleeves. \"Brilliant, ain't it?\" It didn't take a genius to figure out that this was a going away party. Kira appreciated their efforts while at the same time wanting to tell them not to bother, but it seemed important for everyone else that she enjoy her last few days on Earth… \"It is, but I have one. And it's abso-flippin'-lutely smashing! \" Dragging her duffle bag from the closet, she reached inside and lifted out an all leather dress in a style similar to the purple one but in black. It had a fitted bodice and flared skirt that ended four inches above her knees. \"I need shoes.\" \"Got it covered, love.\" Pawing through another bag, Ione handed Kira a shoe box, and when she opened it, a gasp came out before she could stop it. The shoes were amazing! The four-inch black heels had ostrich feathers around the ankle strap and were adorned with white stones that were meant to look like diamonds. \"They're brilliant! They don't match m' dress though.\" Lucy finished setting up what she needed for doing Kira's nails. \"Who ****ing cares? This is gonna be so epic we'll be talkin' about for weeks .\" Rather than debate, Kira gave in gracefully, letting her friends do what they wanted. She knew her time was short, and didn't want to spend it pushing others away or feeling sorry for herself. ~~O~~ Sunset was a distant memory and the party had been in full swing for over an hour with dancing, games, music, food and non-alcoholic drinks. However, Patrick, though having a good time, still felt out of sorts. It was this whole lot, their attitude. Their lives had come down to squatting in whatever abandoned building they could find. Cooking over a fire instead of a stove, scrounging clothes, medical supplies, and all the other basic necessities of life. All the while keeping watch for others who would take what little they had for themselves. He hadn't been as good a friend as he could've been and that made him feel unworthy to be part of this group. He hadn't taken the time to really get to know anyone. Didn't invite personal talk about more than sports or where their next meal might come from. Sipping a cup of punch-it would've tasted better with a bit of rum, but Doyle said no-he studied his mates from a corner of the room. Everyone at one time or another had taken a turn with Kira so she could feel a part of the group again. And it worked. He saw her throw her head back, laughing at something Doyle said. At Max's insistence, even the one person who didn't have to wore protective clothing. The fast paced music stopped, someone dimmed the lights, and everyone paired up to dance. Not as romantic couples. At least not all of them. Doyle came out to pair up with Flo, Waverly nodded shyly when Alfie asked her to dance, the young man keeping a respectable distance between them when Doyle tapped him on the shoulder. Pip laughed in the arms of Danny while Clover coaxed a sullen Billy out onto the floor. In some cases, two women danced together. She giggled when Collin jokingly asked tall, lanky Gordon to dance, the two men hamming it up outrageously. Halfway through the song, Danny exchanged partners with Doyle so their leader could dance with his girl. Shaking his head, Patrick wondered what lurked inside Pip and Doyle that kept them from just getting down to it without all this fannying about. Just because Patrick stayed to himself didn't mean others had to. In her isolation room, Kira swayed side to side, her eyes closed, totally involved in the music. Setting his cup aside, Patrick climbed into one of the hazmat suits, zipped up the front and dropped the hood into place, his bulky upper body barely contained by the material. Good thing it had a little give. He knocked, but Kira still jumped when he stepped into the room. \"Oh! You gave me a start.\" \"Sorry. Came to see if you'd like to dance.\" She looked down at herself in the clingy leather dress and those ridiculous shoes, her dark hair up and off her face showing off her vaguely Asian features. \"Why not? If nothin' else, we'll be the most unusual lookin' pair on the floor.\" \"No worries.\" He was much taller than Kira with her head just reaching his chin as he placed his hands on her waist and hers holding onto his shoulders. Bit by bit, he drew her closer until they were touching all along the front. Not intimately, but more like very close friends than just mates. Kira's arms went around his neck and her head onto his shoulder. She stumbled once, and he tightened his grip to keep her from falling until she regained her balance. When the song ended, she looked up at him and smiled her appreciation. He didn't let go though as the next song came on. This one had recently made its way over from America. A duet by country artists Brad Paisley and Dolly Parton. The lyrics were poignant and emotionally moving. And utterly apt for Kira's situation though Patrick didn't say so. Kira yawned, laughing at the end. \"Sorry. It's not the company. Really. I'm just a wee bit knackered.\" \"Maybe I should go and let you rest.\" He made to move away, but she gripped the material of the suit to keep him in place. \"Don't. Not yet.\" Kira touched the faceplate of his hood and smiled fondly. \"Thanks for this, Patrick.\" So much pain and so much darkness In this world we stumble through. All these questions I can't answer, And so much work to do But when I get where I'm goin' And I see my maker's face, I'll stand forever in the light, Of his amazing Grace. Yeah when I get where I'm goin' There'll be only happy tears. I will love and have no fear. She dropped her head back to his shoulder, humming along with the song. He felt it where her cheek touched his collarbone. As the final verse came on, the humming stopped, her arms relaxed, falling first to his shoulders then off to slide down his firm biceps. Her feet stopped moving, and all that kept her upright was his arms around her waist. Still, he didn't stop until the music came to an end. There was light applause out in the hall with no one noticing as he picked Kira up and carried her to the bed. He folded her hands over her stomach, the bangle bracelets jangling as they clinked together. He straightened her dress, brushed a lock of hair from her forehead and quietly left the room, not needing to check for a pulse to know that she had finally gone to be with her maker. ~~O~~ A week after Kira's death, Max and Sunny had learned all they could from the autopsy she insisted they perform. Then, at her request, she was cremated wearing the black leather dress and incredible shoes she'd worn at the party. When her body had been consumed by the fire, a group of volunteers buried her ashes under a tree in the park. That morning, Sunny found the stack of letters Kira had written and passed them out after the funeral. The recipients carried the envelopes with them when they returned to base, each lost in their own thoughts. ~~O~~ Oscar's pet project finally came to fruition. The engineer found a HAM radio and spent as many hours as he physically could to get it working. Somehow, he still functioned the next day. The sleepless nights had been worth it when they made contact with someone who said he lived in Cork, Ireland. As luck would have it, the infected had been prevented from reaching the Emerald Isle, giving their group just what they needed to galvanize them into action: Hope. Doyle decided to wait for the rain to stop before setting sail, and wanted to do something special to celebrate so he gathered a mixed group of men and women together out in the field adjacent to their base. Tossing a rugby ball from hand to hand, he addressed his \"volunteers.\" \"Who here has played football before? American football?\" Hands that had been in the air dropped to their sides while they worked out what he was on about. \"Today, you're gonna learn to play football the way it was meant to be played. Normally, each team consists of eleven players with the ultimate goal of scoring more touchdowns than the other team, but we're going with six. Now you got your offense and your defense…\" Once he'd finished with the basic rules of the game, he positioned both teams with his as defense. They didn't have a tee so he called the start of the game by drop-kicking the ball to the other side. The field was muddy from all the rain and it wasn't long until everyone was covered in gray goo. Both teams were fairly evenly matched in enthusiasm if not skill. By the third \"quarter\" the rain started again, but they continued to play until they were too tired to go on, the mud covering them so thick, the only way you could tell one from the other was by their size and voice. Danny and Patrick double-timed Doyle, tackling him to the ground with both teams joining in the fray. Panting from exertion and the press of eleven bodies on top of him, Doyle made the shape of a T with his hands. \"Time out. I think that's enough for today.\" The others climbed off him, Danny giving him a hand up with a wink and a grin. Wearily, they trudged to the front door only to be stopped by Ruby, her lined face pinched in annoyance. \"You all look absolutely beastly! You'll not be trackin' that into our home. Go on down to the shore and rinse the mud away. Then I'll think on if you'll be gettin' in or not. Away with the lot of you.\" Shrugging sheepishly, Doyle headed down to the beach, the others trudging behind him. Taking off his T-shirt, pants, shoes and socks, he walked out into the water until he could dunk himself completely under. He rubbed his head and swirled his clothes through the water until he'd gotten as much of the mud out as possible then returned to shore to sit on the sea wall until everyone had finished then followed Lucy as she led the way back. The next day their HAM pal gave them a weather forecast stating the rain would stop in the next thirty-six hours. Doyle tentatively planned for them to shove off for Ireland the following morning, depending on updates. Once the rain stopped, with Doyle directing and Pip assisting, four of the Hummers were loaded onto the ship. One M1025 and three M1097s were all that would be needed to get them from the landing point to the combined CDC and NATO run research center they now knew was not in Dublin but in Kinvarra, a small town outside of Galway. Seating would be a little crowded, but only for a couple of hours, if they took the most direct route and there were no detours or stops along the way. Hands on his hips, Doyle watched the vehicles being tied to the deck as Pip came up beside him. \"We have enough life vests for everyone?\" \"Yeah.\" He heard a smirk in her voice. An indication that she was about to say something he'd find absolutely charming. \"And if there's an emergency, Rose can be used as a flotation device.\" Doyle coughed to cover a laugh when the aforementioned Rose came within earshot. No one mentioned the fact that she obviously had implants. Lowering his voice, he whispered out the side of his mouth, \"I volunteer to take one for the team.\" Balling up her fist, Pip popped him in the shoulder. \"What time we headin' out?\" Gesturing for her to go ahead, he came up alongside. \"After breakfast. Everything needs to be packed tonight. Food and people go aboard last. Make sure Doc brings lots of Dramamine.\" \"Dramamine?\" \"Seasickness pills. Just in case.\" Pip reached into her back pocket, handing him the notebook he'd given her the night Jill died. \"You should have this back.\" Taking the notebook, he opened it to a page marked with a sticky note. \"You read it?\" \"I did. Made a few notes o' my own.\" They walked in silence for a few steps, then, \"That's why ya gave it over, right?\" A nod and shrug was the only answer he would give. Some of what he'd written had taken the form of journal entries. What could he say? How could you read my private thoughts? Wouldn't fly in the face of all they'd been through over the last few weeks. The very core of his soul had been squeezed and kneaded and worked over until it felt flat and shapeless. Slanting a look at his companion, he waged they all felt the same. All but Gracie. To her, each day was filled with new and wondrous things to delight the senses. And he was there with her, experiencing everything for the first time again. Another thing he saw was Pip being a part of their lives in the future, but did she want it? If not now, later? How much later? What if she only wanted him for a few nights of physical comfort? Or not even that? Would she treat him the way he'd treated women in the past? A night or two of fun then off on another mission. Pip snapped her fingers in front of his nose bringing him back to now at the speed of sound. And yes, he didn't miss the pun his mind supplied. \"What?\" \"Where'd you go?\" Shrugging, Doyle played it off. \"Picturing Mom's face when she sees Gracie for the first time.\" A few more steps of silence, then Pip clasped her hands behind her back as though imitating him. \"I'm sure she'll love her. Your whole family will.\" \"It's just that I resigned myself to not having kids a long time ago and suddenly…\" Again, he looked over at Pip. Now her hands were in her pockets, the weight of them drawing the waistband of her pants down so that her navel played peek-a-boo with the hem of her shirt. She either didn't know she was doing it or didn't care that he was looking. To distract himself from what his mind told him lay above and below that small wedge of skin, he asked, \"What about your family?\" The half-smile that accompanied their friendly banter melted away. \"Dead,\" she stated dully. \"I'm sorry. Wanna talk about it? 'Cause I can recommend someone.\" \"Oh?\" Her tone said she knew he was attempting to restore their previous effortless easygoing camaraderie, relieved when she let him have his way. \"Ruby.\" \"Anyone else?\" \"Hmm…Lucy, Jasper, Flo. Danny, but not Collin. He'll pretend to listen and all the while he's thinking about dinner or tinkering with some piece of equipment.\" Snorting, Pip almost smiled, but not quite. \"But if that's all you need, come to me. I can pretend to listen as well as the next guy.\" This time she did smile. \"Just might take you up on it.\" Some of the stiffness came out of her posture as they reached the end of the pier and stepped off the curb. The hand closest to Doyle came out of her pocket to brush at her too long bangs, and without thinking, he took that hand in his, weaving their fingers together. Pip's hand felt tiny and delicate in his, almost as if he could crush the bones with just the slightest pressure. He already knew her to be tougher than that, or she wouldn't have made it this long and their people wouldn't have accepted her as his second. At first she seemed self-conscious at his touch, obviously not wanting to be seen as their leader's girlfriend, concerned that it would undermine both their authority. He wouldn't let go though, and in time, she relaxed, comforted by his touch. Doyle released Pip when they reached the front door, held it for her then followed her in. The first thing he heard was Gracie crying at the top of her lungs. With an apologetic smile, he jogged down the hall to the room designated at the dining room. The moment she saw him, Gracie shut up and reached for him. Refusing to give into her demands, he seated himself next to Waverly and talked to Gracie as she ate. Though strong-willed, the baby sensed that he was no longer the pushover he'd been at the beginning, and that was the lesson. He guessed separation anxiety stemming from their ordeal following the attack in which five-six, he reminded himself-had died. As long as he stayed consistent in how he handled her, they'd get along just fine. As for Pip, he was certain of only one thing. That he liked her as more than just a friend, but whether it was love, lust, infatuation or even just physical attraction, he'd figure out later. ~~O~~ Anticipation – noun a : a prior action that takes into account or forestalls a later action; b : the act of looking forward; especially : pleasurable expectation. Pip had a pleasurable expectation for their journey to Ireland and what awaited them there. David McNeil, their HAM radio friend assured them that life was more or less normal on the Emerald Isle. The loss of England, Scotland, France, Belgium and The Netherlands, as well as the evacuation of Luxemburg and the area of Germany bordering those countries dealt a tremendous blow to the world economy. Virtually no country on Earth remained unaffected by the rage virus in one way or another, though leaders everywhere assured their people that they would recover even if it took as long as a decade. Not the best news, but also not the worst. No, that was reserved for the rumors that the CDC still hadn't found or created a cure for the horrible disease. She was, to a certain extent, buoyed by the fact that Doyle had a natural immunity and might possibly be the salvation of the human race. Tucked away in the recesses of her memory, Pip found a tidbit of information almost forgotten. The virus only crossed over from primate to primate. Other species had shown to be immune to its effects and were not carriers. If the reverse were true, it could've spelled the end to life on Earth. Their planet could have become devoid of animal life of any kind. Unable to sleep, Pip padded out to the dining room in her stocking feet. She was just pouring a glass of tepid water when the tread of bare feet on the carpeting alerted her to the presence of another. Holding the glass in her left hand, the right caressed the butt of the Browning. Intellectually, she knew that it could only be one of their own, and she had a hunch who it would be, her innate caution driving her instinct for self-preservation. Her thumb located the safety then pulled away when Doyle entered the room just behind a small pool of light. He wasn't startled when she held out a second glass of water which he accepted gratefully, saluting her with it before downing the entire contents at once. \"Can't sleep?\" One shoulder came up then down. \"Gracie has to take medicine for an earache every four hours.\" Yawning, he turned his head making his neck crack. \"Those guys wore me out yesterday.\" \"It was your idea.\" The burden of command weighed on him and it showed. His sheepish grin turned up the corners of his mouth taking years off his appearance. \"True.\" Whatever she thought they'd talk about, this hadn't been it. Setting their glasses on the counter, Pip said, \"I should get back to bed. We've a long trip tomorrow.\" \"I'll walk you.\" At the door to her room, Pip turned to thank him, and suddenly he was too close for comfort. Not touching, just too close, and the look on his face said he knew the effect he was having on her and took pleasure in it, just as she did. A lock of hair touched her cheek and he reached up to tuck it behind her ear, his fingers lingering on her skin a moment too long. Or not long enough. She couldn't be certain at this point. Her tongue darted out to moisten her dry lips, hoping the movement was subtle. Not subtle enough by the way the blue of his irises darkened and his breath caught in his chest. Slowly, deliberately, he lowered his head as she tilted hers back, accepting his invitation. Their lips had barely touched when Gracie's cry frozen them in that position for a moment in time. Doyle backed up a step, breaking the spell. Shrugging an apology, he rushed to his room, the soothing murmur of his voice immediately halting the unhappy sound then the door closed, shutting the rest of the world out. Sighing, Pip lay down on her bed and lay staring at the ceiling for a long time. ~~O~~ Their trip down along the English Channel and across the Celtic Sea was uneventful-for the most part. A storm came up their first night at sea making several people seasick, though nothing major. Ruby and Lukas made broth and tea for those poor souls until the rocking stopped. Late on the afternoon of the second day, they saw land. Once the initial fear of infection had passed, they were brought into port by the employees of the ferry landing at Cork, Ireland. Their vehicles were hoisted from the deck of the barge while the survivors were being fed and treated like visiting royalty. The mayor came out to greet them, generally making a fuss which Doyle bore with the patience of a sniper waiting for the perfect moment to take out a target. They were given accommodations at a local inn for the night. The next day, Doyle and Pip took their leave and they were on the road by 1000 local time headed for Galway. In Galway, they were given a less effusive greeting when they asked for directions to the research center. The information was given, grudgingly, telling Doyle that NATO and the CDC hadn't made friends of the residents. They took the road out of town with Doyle at the wheel of the M1025 instead of his usual place in the turret. The compound would be heavily guarded and he chose not to provoke the men and women assigned to protect it. He rolled to a stop a hundred yards from the front gate and got out, Pip, Max and Sunny backing him up. A trio of soldiers, with the Irish Army to go by their uniforms, approached them, one out in front of the others. He did all the talking. \"Get back in yer vehicles and return to town.\" Standing with his feet shoulder width apart, Doyle said, \"Can't do that. We have business with the CO.\" \"Apparently you didn't understand, Yank. Go back the way ya came. There's nothing here for ya.\" \"And I'm telling you we aren't leaving until we speak to whoever's in charge.\" Flashing a snarl of disdain, the Corporal said, \"No. Now move along. We don't give tours to civilians, so feck off.\" Almost at the end of this tether, Doyle, taken aback by the man's attitude, played his trump card. \"I am a Sergeant in the U.S. Army, Corporal . You don't tell me no. I tell you no. Now get the ****ing CO. Not your Company Sergeant and not your ****ing Lieutenant. I want the top dog, so you and your Privates ,\" he made the rank sound like an insult as he got up in the Corporal's face, \" get on the horn and get him or her on the line while I'm still in a mood to be nice.\" TBC A/N: \"When I Get Where I'm Goin'\" was written by George Teren and Rivers Rutherford. In 2005, it was recorded and released by American country music artist Brad Paisley in a duet with Dolly Parton.[Chapter 12] A/N: This is it. The final chapter of my first and probably only zombie fic. Hope everyone enjoyed it. I tried to maintain a balance between hurt, comfort and adventure. First let me thank ladygris for being kind enough to Beta the chapters even though she's never seen the movies and some of what happens is creepy. Second, thanks to all those who read it. All greatly appreciated. Gracias, mi amiga . ~Sandy 28 Weeks Later One More Chance Chapter 12 Doyle knew without looking that they were being watched by guards posted along the twelve foot concrete wall topped with razor wire as well as with cameras that included night vision. His experienced gaze also picked out where landmines had been implanted around the perimeter, hence the reason they stopped so far from the gate. The mines were equipped with anti-handling devices to prevent tampering making the best course of action wrangling an invitation from someone inside. And that's why he demanded to see the CO, the man or woman at the top of the military food chain. After fifteen minutes, Doyle was certain that the CO, whoever he or she was, was purposely delaying putting in an appearance to teach him a lesson, but Doyle was a sniper. He'd stand in this spot the rest of the day and all night if he had to. Max scratched his nose to hide that he was speaking. \"Hail, the conquering heroes.\" Tucking his hands behind his back, Doyle flipped the doctor off just as the gate opened and a Hispanic woman in her early fifties strode toward him with a full head of steam. She had the American flag on her right arm and on the left, Ranger and Airborne. Across her left breast pocket it said \"U.S. Army.\" Her bearing and the star indicated she was a Brigadier General. Doyle snapped to attention as the woman approached, saluting at the appropriate moment. The General returned it. \"At ease. What's your name, soldier?\" \"Sergeant Doyle, ma'am. Delta Rooftop Unit, Delta Force, attached to NATO.\" \"I'm General Sanchez. Where were you stationed, Sergeant?\" Staring over Sanchez's shoulder, Doyle dropped into parade rest. \"Isle of Dogs, ma'am. The repatriation of London just before the last outbreak.\" The General looked past Doyle to the others, her eyebrows coming together over her nose. \"Who are these people?\" \"Survivors. If it weren't for Dr. Price, I wouldn't be alive. And ma'am, there's something else…\" Sanchez cut him off with a slash of one hand. \"You and your people will be escorted to the medical unit for a thorough exam and debriefing.\" \"Ma'am, if you don't mind, we've been traveling since 1000. Is there somewhere we can wash the road grime off and get some food?\" Sanchez seemed to be holding her temper with difficulty. \"Right after you're cleared by medical and debriefed. You'll be in quarantine for at least a week. Debriefing at least another three to four days.\" \"Beggin' your pardon, General, but we've already been cleared for duty.\" \"By whom?\" Doyle motioned Max and Sunny forward. \"By our medical team. Dr. Max Price and Sundari Krishnamurthy.\" Max took his cue and stepped forward, nodding a greeting to Sanchez. \"Sunny and I were part of the NATO research team working on finding a cure for the rage virus. We need to speak to your medical CO and the director of the CDC immediately .\" Doyle had to hand it to Max. He knew when to use his self-importance and when to let it go. Sanchez obviously had great contempt for anyone not under her direct command. It was in the way she looked them all over as if they were pieces of meat left out overnight and she wasn't certain if she wanted to take a risk. \"You're not in a position to make demands, Doctor. This is a military-run facility. Everything that goes on here has to pass my scrutiny or it doesn't happen.\" The doctor exchanged a glance with each of his friends before taking another step forward until he stood toe to toe and eye to eye with the supercilious CO. \"Have it your way, General. As long as you understand that we will be sure to appear at your court-martial as character witnesses when you try to explain why it took nearly two weeks for the Powers That Be to hear that we found a cure for the virus.\" That deflated her posturing. Sanchez tapped her radio. \"Open the gates. See to it that these people are escorted directly to medical. Nowhere else. What in God's name is that?\" Gracie chose that moment to announce her presence, and like a good father, Doyle rushed to quiet her. Reaching inside the first vehicle, he unhooked the car seat and lifted her out, returning to find the General still in place, a dumbfounded expression on her stern features. \"Where the hell did you get a baby?\" \"She's my daughter.\" \"I'm looking forward to hearing your explanation of how you could have a child when you've only been in the country three months.\" Sanchez waited a beat, turned and walked quickly toward the gate that was just sliding open again. ~~O~~ Locked in an isolation room that had more in common with a prison cell than a hospital room, Doyle paced the floor, snapping his fingers and wishing he were almost anywhere else. He and the rest of his group hadn't been allowed to spend more than a few minutes together in the last seven days and more than twenty-four hours had passed since he'd last seen Gracie. The debriefings happened daily as did blood tests, MRIs, EKGs, EEGs, x-rays and visits from the overly-friendly staff shrink. He wasn't averse to talking about his experiences, but she kept coming back to the boat with the family and how he felt about finding them all dead. What was it about that particular incident that she had to ask about it every time they sat down to talk? Well, no more! If they wanted talk, blood, piss, spit, skin, or what-have-you, something had to change. A beep at the door signaled someone coming in and sure enough the phlebotomist entered with an armed guard. \"How do you feel today, Sergeant Doyle?\" \"Uncooperative.\" Crossing his arms, Doyle stuck his chin out obstinately. \"If you want anything from me, you gotta give me something in return.\" The weary sigh deflated her lungs, her shoulders slumping as well. \"Do you and your friends communicate telepathically? You're the seventh in a row to refuse to let me do my job.\" Dropping into a chair, he crossed one leg over the other, ankle resting on the knee, his hand rearranging the non-lethal magazines and paperback books on the table. \"It'll keep happening if you don't at least let us talk to each other.\" He started tapping his heel on the floor just to be doing something. \"Callie, how would you like to be separated from everyone you care about? I haven't spoken to my family in almost six months. For all they know, I'm dead. And I haven't seen my daughter since yesterday morning, and even then, I wasn't allowed to hold her.\" Callie smiled. \"You're sure she's adopted? She has your stubbornness.\" \"Very sure. I haven't been to the UK in over three years, and it wasn't as a tourist.\" \"I sympathize, but there isn't anything I can do. General Sanchez gives the orders and she was quite clear. No unauthorized contact.\" She squeezed his hand, and when he looked up at her, she winked. \"But don't stop asking. One of these times the answer is bound to be yes.\" She and the guard left him alone with his thoughts. To pass the time, he removed his scrub shirt, dropped to the floor and did a hundred push-ups. Turning over, he did the same number of crunches. He was on the second set of both when the door beeped again and Callie was there only this time she wasn't with the guard. Her arms were full of a wiggling and very excited Gracie. When she saw him, she grinned, her chubby little arms reaching out. He hugged the little girl to him and she babbled nonsensically telling him, no doubt, about all the horrible injustices she had to endure while they were separated. The door opened again, and he gave Callie a grateful smile. \"Fifteen minutes.\" Then she closed the door and left father and daughter alone. ~~O~~ Sitting in the conference room with General Sanchez and his staff, Max wanted to knock their heads together until they figured it out themselves. That didn't seem likely. Finally, he slammed a hand on the table, waiting until he had their full attention to speak. \"Sergeant Doyle is the reason we made it this far and you're treating him like a science experiment gone wrong. We asked him to lead us for a reason. Because he was the best person for the job. Sure, I saved his life by not leaving him to the military sweeper team, but he more than made up for it by saving our asses numerous times.\" He paused to let that sink in. \"And if that's not good enough for you, consider this. If he's immune to the rage virus, chances are that members of his family have the same genetic expression, so you might think about treating him with a little more common courtesy and less like a serial killer.\" From the looks on their faces, they hadn't thought of that aspect. Sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms, Max let smugness show on his face and in his posture while Sanchez and her cronies lined up all their ducks. ~~O~~ The beep that announced someone coming into his cell jolted Doyle out of a light doze. He'd started reading the book Callie brought him, but lost interest by the second paragraph. Historical romances just weren't his thing and he told her so. She apologized, saying that it was all she could find on short notice. A different guard than before stepped into the room. \"Come with me, please.\" Doyle rolled to his feet, the boots thumping to the floor. About two hours earlier, someone brought him the same uniform the other soldiers were wearing, and he wasted no time changing out of the scrubs. \"Time for my one hour of exercise, Corporal?\" \"Excuse me?\" His sarcasm was lost on the younger man. \"Never mind.\" The heavily armed man gestured. \"This way.\" Doyle preceded the man through one set of locked doors then another, but instead of taking him to the medical bay, he was led down an unfamiliar hallway. The scent of food cooking and the clatter of dishes reminded him it was dinner time, but that didn't matter nearly as much as the familiar voices all talking at once. Over that, he could hear Gracie's distinctive screech of annoyance telling everyone that not enough attention was being paid to her needs. Quickening his steps, he burst through the open door to see all of his friends except Max and Sunny. No one noticed him at first and that gave him a few moments to assess their states of mind. He guessed that theirs had gotten a big boost just by being able to see and speak to each other because his did. To get their attention, he stuck two fingers in his mouth and whistled. And just like when he called family meetings to order, they shut up. He looked from one face to the other with a mock glare. Rubbing his hands together, he grinned. \"Please tell me we're not having wild duck soup again.\" As if that were the signal, they all rushed to his side, drawing him into hugs and handshakes. Waverly and Clover got on either side of him and he hugged them close feeling like their uncle or big brother. After shaking hands with Lukas and Ruby, he was finally able to get to Gracie for a quick cuddle. He'd just handed her a bottle when he felt eyes on him aside from the hidden cameras. Slowly, he turned and found Pip standing a few feet away, both hands in her pockets, head tilted to the side and a smile of greeting on her face. It may have been his imagination, but it seemed like his heartbeat sped up as soon as their eyes locked. She started toward him and he met her halfway. At that moment, he wanted nothing more than to be able to take her in his arms and carry her and Gracie away from all this crap, but he couldn't so he settled for, \"How you been?\" \"Not bad considerin' they won't let us leave.\" \"It won't be much longer.\" Returning to Gracie before she could start fussing again, Doyle held a chair for Pip then seated himself across from her. \"Where will you go when they do let us out?\" The kitchen staff came around with dinner. When they were gone again, she shrugged. \"Not sure. We've all been granted temporary Irish citizenship which will be transferred to the country we ultimately decide to settle in.\" Doyle busied himself with buttering a dinner roll, casting the occasional glance at Pip. In an offhand tone, he asked, \"Ever thought about visiting the U.S.?\" \"A time or two. Just need a reason.\" She blushed and looked away as if she were embarrassed by the veiled hint that he ask her. \"I can think of at least two good ones.\" But before he could complete his invitation, General Sanchez breezed in with her 2IC following like a trained lap dog, making a beeline straight for Doyle's table. Doyle got to his feet standing at parade rest. \"Could I have a word with you in private, Sergeant?\" He knew without looking that his people were watching and listening. \"Anything you have to say can be said in front of my friends, ma'am.\" She peered at him over the top of her glasses. \"I'm here to apologize to you and your people regarding the treatment you've endured since your arrival. It's standard protocol to quarantine anyone who's been in the prohibited areas and you spent quite a bit of time at ground zero. To tell the truth, when you showed up on our doorstep, you caused quite a stir because we thought you were dead. You're the only member of the Delta Force contingent posted to London to survive.\" \"Ma'am?\" \"You have no idea what's been happening these last few weeks, have you, Sergeant?\" Doyle wanted to shift his feet, look away from Sanchez's intense perusal, but that wouldn't be protocol. \"Some of it, ma'am. Though we didn't get the word until a few days before we set sail.\" \"The loss of life is unfathomable.\" Sanchez shook her head sadly. \"General Stone and I met in Basic and we've been friends ever since. I stood up for him at his wedding.\" \"Sorry for your loss, General.\" \"We all lost someone we knew or served with, Sergeant. But yours is the greatest. You lost your entire unit.\" There was nothing to say to that so Doyle stayed silent. Just waited her out. \"In the morning, your people will be moved into temporary housing where you'll stay until everyone makes a decision about where they'll live going forward.\" Gracie had hold of her rattle and was banging on the high chair tray. \"Ma'am, what about Gracie? Her adoption wasn't exactly by the books. And even if she had family, I've no idea what her mother's last name was or where they might live.\" One side of Sanchez's mouth went up. \"All been taken care of, Sergeant. You're a hero in these parts, and a lot of others as well.\" \"I'm not a hero, ma'am.\" Nodding at the people he'd come to know well enough to call friends, he added, \" They're the heroes. They survived when the odds were against them. Without them, I would've died in London with the rest of my unit.\" \"Humble too. Your blood is going to save us all. Your family's blood too.\" Doyle wasn't at all surprised that his parents and brothers had been brought into this mess. \"That spells hero in my book. You're also not the only one. According to Dr. Price, at least ten percent of the population has the same genetic variant. Now that they know what to look for, they'll probably find more than enough people to keep the human race from being wiped out by this virus. And the idea Dr. Price and his assistant came up with for creating and dispersing the vaccine will probably get them a Nobel Prize. Now if you don't mind, I have a conference call with a five-star in fifteen.\" She nodded at Doyle, Pip then to the rest of the room, turned on her heel and left. The next few days were spent in long and extremely tedious meetings where Doyle told his story over and over and over again. It had taken him two days to complete the written report and each member of the committee held a copy in their hands. Still, they asked questions. At the end of the day, he was almost too tired to attend to Gracie, but somehow found the strength to do just that. The one thing he hadn't gotten back to was the conversation with Pip. She knew him well enough to know that he'd go to her when he was ready to pick up where they left off, and today was that day. He deliberately sought her out, finally locating her in the common area watching television with a group of about fifteen, Waverly and Clover sitting with Alfie and Billy. A momentary flare of protectiveness came over him, extinguished when he remembered that it wasn't his job to look after the virtue of a pair of teenage girls. He turned to go, then came back. The hell with it! Skirting the edge of the group, he tapped both young men on the shoulders using two fingers to point at his eyes then at them, telling him that he was watching and they better be careful. They looked sheepish then made more space between the girls and themselves. At the door, he scanned the crowd, but Pip had slipped out while he was busy. Swearing under his breath, Doyle went to knock on her door, but there was no answer. Resigned, he returned to his room to relieve Ione who had offered to sit with Gracie after dinner. Peeking into the crib, he saw she was asleep on her side, a soft blanket tucked over her. He brushed the back of one finger down her silky soft cheek and left just as quietly. In his room, he stripped out of his uniform and took a quick shower. He'd just gotten into sleep pants and a T-shirt when he heard tap-tap-tap on the door. The lights were out in his room, all but the one next to the bed leaving most of the room in darkness so that Pip was silhouetted by the relative brightness from the hall. \"Hope I'm not intruding on your time with Gracie,\" she said as he invited her in. \"Sleeping. With any luck, she'll stay that way for the rest of the night. What's up?\" Why he asked when he wanted to talk to her, Doyle didn't know. She shrugged and tilted her head back to look him in the eye. \"I was just wonderin'…\" Her voice trailed off and she smiled in that way he found so appealing, and he knew why she was here. For the same reason he'd been looking for her. Their eyes locked and Doyle felt himself being pulled in her direction, toward her unique combination of strength and vulnerability. When he was close enough, he reached out a hand and she put hers into it, both holding tight. He led her over to the bed urging her to sit next to him. Pressing one hand into the mattress, he leaned toward her. One of her hands gripped the front of his shirt as he closed the gap between them and kissed her again. Something he'd been wanting since their abortive try over a week ago. Pip moaned a protest that turned into a tiny gasp when he separated their mouths so he could nuzzle her ear. In a voice husky with yearning, he whispered, \"Say my name. Please.\" \"Ryan…\" She shifted around to provide him better access, his hand coming up to brush the hair from her ear so he could nibble on it. \"No. Nigel. Say it.\" He tried not to be demanding, but he wanted to hear how his despised first name sounded in her voice. He could hear and feel her smile. \"Kiss me again…Nigel.\" Kissing his way across her cheek, he stopped just long enough to say, \"I love how my name sounds on your lips.\" \"Good, because it tasted good on my lips.\" His grin matched hers and he quickly moved to take possession of her mouth again. \"Yes, it does.\" And though he hadn't intended for the night to end like this, they were swept up in a sea of emotion, drowning in each other and not wanting to be saved. Pip pushed him onto his back, lifting her leg up and over so that she was straddling his hips, slowly sinking down until she lay on top of him. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he rolled until she was beneath him moving them up to the pillows so their legs didn't hang off the end of the bed. Her strong and capable hands worked their way up under his T-shirt and kept going until he had to release her in order to take it off. He returned the favor, and his mind shut down as if a switch had been flipped, leaving behind only sensation and awareness. Of each other and themselves as they melded and merged until he could tell where he stopped and Pip began. ~~O~~ \"Sergeant Doyle? You have visitors in the lobby.\" The soldier, himself a Sergeant, intruded on the snack Pip was sharing with Doyle, Gracie, Lucy, Jasper, Danny, Gordon, Collin and Oscar. With a puzzled frown, Doyle handed Gracie to Lucy, excused himself and went out after the man demanding to know who wanted to see him. A short time later, they heard voices raised in excitement. Curious, Pip followed the sound down the hall with the others, stopping in the doorway to watch Doyle being hugged by a crying woman while four men looked on. The resemblance was unmistakable. They were his parents and brothers. She was happy for him, even a little envious that he still had a family to go home to while she had nothing and no one. She didn't even have a country to call her own. Their night together had been amazing for her. He said it was the same for him, but now, in the light of day and faced with reality, would he regret the words said in the heat of passion? Abruptly, he pulled out of his mother's embrace, rushing over to collect Gracie. And just as he'd predicted, his family stared slack-jawed at the revelation that their youngest son was not only alive, but a father as well. With a smile that was happy and sad at the same time, Pip turned away from the scene to go back to her room. ~~O~~ \"…and I've got something to show you.\" Doyle wasn't at all surprised that his friends had followed him from the dining room. In fact, he was glad they did. He swept Gracie into his arms making her giggle. \"Mom, Dad, guys, this is Gracie.\" His mother, true to form, swooned over the adorable baby girl. \"She's is just precious, Ryan.\" \"Gracie, say hi to Gramma, Grampa, Uncle Alistair, Uncle Cyril and Uncle Rupert. You'll see your aunts and cousins soon.\" Alistair, the oldest, asked the question on all their minds. \"Ry, whose baby is she?\" As though it should be obvious, Doyle said, \"Mine.\" \" Yours? \" The word exploded out of his father. \"Maybe you should start at the beginning, son.\" Greatly amused by their reactions, he chuckled. \"It's a long story. I'll tell it to you later.\" Glancing over Doyle's shoulder, Rupert nodded at Lucy. \"That the mother?\" \"No.\" Waving the group over, Doyle noticed that Pip hung back. Ever since they spent the night in each other's arms, she'd been quiet, so unlike herself and he'd planned on talking to her about it very soon. Like now. \"These are my friends.\" He introduced them one at a time leaving Pip for last, taking her hand and drawing her close to his side. \"Pip, these are my parents Michael and Elizabeth Doyle, and my brothers Rupert, Cyril and Alistair. Everyone, this is Phoebe uh…\" With dismay, Doyle realized he didn't know Pip's last name. Thankfully, she provided it. \"Logan. Nigel's told me so much about you.\" His mother opened her mouth then closed it again when Pip called her son by his given name and he didn't cringe. The older women then gave Pip a quick onceover before saying. \"Nice to meet you, Phoebe. Ryan, dear…\" Handing Gracie to his dad, he slipped an arm around Pip's shoulder. \"She's my wife.\" Doyle and Pip laughed when all five of his family said with equal expressions of shock, \"WIFE?!\" Looking down into her eyes shining bright with unshed tears, he smiled, \"Or she will be, as soon as we can make it legal.\" His family stayed for dinner to meet the rest of the group then he reluctantly sent them off to their hotel when Gracie started falling asleep. The little girl had basked in the attention of her new family. So much so that she fought sleep as long as she could, then just like that, she was out for the count. They whispered their good-byes with a promise to be back in the morning, Doyle waving from the door as a First Lieutenant escorted them to a vehicle waiting at the curb. Draped over his shoulder, Gracie turned her head, cooing in her sleep. In their room, he gently laid her in the bed and pulled the blanket over her before tiptoeing out, leaving the door ajar so he could hear her during the night. Unbuttoning his shirt, he pulled it from the waistband of his uniform pants, shucked it and tossed it in the general direction of the basket in the corner. Sitting on the foot of the bed, he removed his boots and socks then stood again to take off the rest of his clothes. All but the boots joined the shirt in or near the laundry basket. Padding into the bathroom, he stood under the water thinking about his family and how they'd taken to both of the girls in his life. At some point, he didn't know when, Pip had left the noisy group. He supposed she'd had more than enough of family togetherness and had to get away, and he didn't blame her. The Doyle family took some getting used to. And that wasn't even all of them. Add in his brother's wives and kids, his aunts and uncles… Or maybe that wasn't it. Maybe it was the marriage proposal. He really could've picked a better time, but his mother always told him \"When it's right, it's right. No use fightin' it.\" For once he'd listened to his heart instead of his head and was glad he did. Shutting the water off, Doyle rubbed his face and head with the towel, swiped it over his chest and stomach then flipped it around to dry his back, ignoring the wetness on his arms and legs. He wrapped the damp material around his waist, flipped the light out and returned to the bedroom stopping short when he saw that his formerly perfectly made bed had grown an enticing lump. A familiar voice came out of the darkness. \"Yes, Nigel, I'll marry you.\" The light flicked on, shining over Pip's features and illuminating her bare shoulders. Clutching the sheet to her chest, she raised up on one elbow, giving him a come-and-get-me smile. Her right hand reached across to lift the sheet in invitation. He yanked the corner of the towel and let it fall to the floor then dived into the bed with the woman he would be spending the rest of his life with. What the Future Holds It took five months for Max and his team at the CDC to synthesize the cure. By then, most of Europe had been lost, but Italy, Portugal, and a few pockets in the Czech Republic and parts of Germany had been spared. Max and Sunny, as the first husband and wife team, did, indeed, win the Nobel Prize for medicine. Doyle and Pip married, formally adopted Gracie, and he was given time off to bond with his new family. Three years later, they welcomed their second child, son Kieran, into the world. The Doyle family, all of them, sponsored Waverly and Clover and stood proudly by when they took their oath as citizens of the United States, and again when the girls went off to college several years later. Some of the people he'd gotten to know during their quest to return to civilization stayed in touch, and others drifted away. But such is the natural evolution of life, love and friendships. And while he was sad to see them go, Doyle was just as glad that God, fate, the universe, whatever, had given them all one more chance to get it right. The End \" Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain.\" ~ Vivian Greene ~ ","Summary":" A/N: This is an AU from near the end of the movie 28 Weeks Later with Jeremy Renner's character Ser"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"24 Weeks and Counting","Author":"NerdAngel410","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8415573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's my attempt at a 28 weeks later fanfic. Hope you like it I'm on the 2nd chapter and working on it between other fanfics \" Britain has had a mass outbreak of a disease known as the Rage Virus. Precautions are being taken to prevent the virus from jumping countries. U.S borders are being watched very tightly. NATO forces are being sent in to help with relief efforts for the survivors and to lock down the country. The infected are being hunted down and killed to try and stop the spread of the virus...All we can do now is hope that Britain will pull through this horror, our prayers are with them.\" The News report sent chills down my spine; my family had taken a trip to Britain a a week before I was to be deployed there. They wanted to see the country, now I was worried if they were even still alive and if they were infected. I hadn't heard from them since the epidemic had broken out. I was scared for them, for my always-loving parents and my twelve year old sister. They may never see me again. It made me sick. 24 Weeks and Counting Chapter1- 24 Weeks My family was dead. All three of them. I sat in the military cargo plane as it prepared to land on the Isle of Dogs, or also called District One. Their fates had been simple, my mother had been bitten and spread it to my sister. My dad hadn't been able to kill them and had been infected himself, they were killed a few weeks ago by military forces. I looked down at my camouflage cargo pants, pulling a recent family picture from one of the pockets. In the picture I stood next to my sister, she looked like my father, she had long blond hair, green eyes, and fair skin. I, on the other hand, look like my mother, caramel hair with natural blond highlights, light blue eyes and tan skin. We had gone to the park that day my sister and I close to the lens, laughing, and my parents in the behind us sharing a kiss. It wasn't hard to tell; I missed them. A lot . I had joined the U.S Army when I was twenty, moving into the medical unit shortly after. My mother wasn't happy with my choice at first, but my father was fully-supportive, my mother wanted me to become a doctor not for the army, though. I always knew my mother didn't want me to be in the army because she never wanted to have me in constant danger. She voiced her concern multiple times, until, finally she became openly supportive of me. But that was four years ago things were completely-drastically-different now. The plane slowly touched down on the island's tarmac, making its way to the gate. \" Please be advised you and your belongings will all be checked by our doctors for any signs of disease or viruses before you are allowed to enter District One, thank you,\" the Captain's voice came over the intercom of the plane. I grabbed my small draw string, black bag of belongings from between my feet. I hadn't brought much, we weren't allowed to, I only brought a book, a water bottle -now half empty- and my sister's letter she wrote me on my first deployment. She had only been eight, but I cherished every memory I had of her over-seas, of home. I got up from my seat and followed the rest of the soldiers out of the plane swinging one of the bag's straps over my shoulder. We were funneled through the heavily-guarded gate to a small medical center in the airport, there was a soldier positioned with a rifle every few feet. When we arrived at the medical center I was taken by one of the nurses. My blood pressure was taken, my eyes checked for any signs of the Rage Virus, and my blood was taken and checked for any other diseases or viruses. I was cleared with a smile from the nurse and headed to the station where a train was taking the new arrivals into the city. I boarded the red train and waited for it to take off, pulling my hair up into a tight bun in the meantime. When the train took off I stared at the floor, not hearing the military personnel at the front telling us about the different rules of District One and what the district had for recreation or convenience. NATO had chosen our medical team to help with the reconstruction of Britain mainly to help find a cure for the virus. Some of the military's best doctors and nurses made up our unit I was proud to be chosen to help, but at the same time scared. I was scared of the epidemic happening again. The door the my new room in the main building swung open. I stepped inside the spacious apartment-like room, looking around. It was pretty plain, there was a living room with a couch and coffee table, and a bedroom with a single bed a closet. There was a large window in the living room that over-looked the lower rooftops of other buildings surrounding the main building. The city was crowded with tall sky-scrapers on what seemed like every block it was a big change from my previous home in rural Kentucky before the military. I could spot snipers on some of the higher rooftops, no doubt watching the river for escapees or worse: survivors. They had told us that the last of the infected had died months ago, but I still didn't feel completely safe. I went into the bedroom and dropped my black bag on the foot of the bed next to the welcome package. I opened the box, inside was a fresh shirt and a few other necessities including my new I.D card and orders from base. I had already been debriefed but I had yet to receive orders until now. The letter told me to report to the medical level at 08:00 tomorrow morning to a Major Ross, Chief Medical Officer, for more specific orders. I'd heard many good things about her and surprisingly nothing bad she was very respected. She had been looking, as had most of the doctors, to find a cure for the virus, but she had worked harder than most. I went down to the cafeteria for dinner before heading back up to my room to shower. The cool water felt good, washing away my troubles for even a second was a relief. Darkness had swallowed the city when I got out of the shower, before I turned on the lights I went over and pulled the curtains over the large window in my bedroom. I flipped on the florescent lights, putting on sweat pants and a loose shirt to sleep in. It was already 22:45 and I figured I would have a long day tomorrow. I would have a long day every day, I obviously wasn't deployed to Britain before the outbreak, so I was put on leave for a few weeks before coming here. It wasn't hard to fall back into a lifestyle I'd been subjected to for years, but it wasn't easy either. Tomorrow, my whole life would change, for better or for worse I had no clue yet. Well, there it is for now. I would really appreciate reviews to tell me how I did, but try to be as kind as possible since this just a mini prologue and the first chapter...I haven't got into the kick of it yet. I do accept constructive criticism[Chapter 2] Alright I forgot to upload this after I finished which was only a day ago. Here you go and hope you enjoy even if the story is moving a little slow right now Chapter2- 28 Weeks There was controversy today. Two children had been brought into District One, the first children to inhabit Britain since the outbreak. Scarlett -what Major Ross preferred to be called by her co workers- didn't approve of the lack of knowledge she had on this. No one had told her children were being brought in and she was pretty upset, she voiced it quite loudly. However, when I accompanied her to check the new arrivals she had taken the youngest of the two, a little boy about twelve, to check herself. The little boy reminded me of my sister, his age mainly, but also how children his age acted. Scarlett called me over to look at results. \"Hey, I think you need to see this,\" she said. I came over to look at the images of the boy's eyes. \"His eyes are different colors,\" I observed. \"One green and one brown, any resting iris variation is usually hereditary. Do one of your parents have the same?\" Scarlett asked the little boy. \"My mother, she did,\" he said, his accent British. I walked over to his sister, who looked like him as well, mid-length blond hair, but with both blue eyes. She was smiling at her brother. One of the tell-tale signs of the Rage Virus was different colored irises, always the normal color and a brown eye. The eye that was brown was also ringed with blood in the corner, like it was blood-shot, but more prominent. The boy did not have this. Both of the children were cleared shortly and sent on the train going into the city. The rest of the morning was spent clearing the new arrivals and as always nothing serious was discovered. \"Scarlett, what are we going to do with kids ? We don't even know protocol for them, they need certain rules, different punishment...\" I started. \"That's exactly why I was surprised I wasn't told,\" Scarlett said as we left the airport. \"I'm going to have some words with base tonight, hopefully they'll give me some answers.\" \"I'm afraid,\" I admitted. \"Of what?\" Scarlett asked. \"Of it coming back.\" For the rest of the day I spent my time in the labs working with some of the other medical staff. Though there was no major virus anymore, people still got sick from colds and such. Due to the close nature of the more than 15,000 residents anything not treated fast enough could spread rapidly through the district. That was one problem we want to avoid, it would just cause unwanted panic on top of everything else. When I was leaving the labs Scarlett caught me, walking over to me. \"They're Don Harris' kids,\" she said. \"What?\" \"The kids, from this morning, they're Don's kids,\" Scarlett said. Don Harris was pretty well-known to most everyone, he was the section officer who kept the water and electricity running. \"Really? Well, that doesn't make anything easier, but at least they'll learn the rules quickly.\" \"I hope so. They seem like really good kids, Andy especially, but you're right it won't make anything easier, trying to make protocol and everything, I mean. I'm on my way to talk to base right now so I have to go, I'll get in touch with you later to tell you what they say.\" \"Okay, good luck,\" I said to her. \"Thanks, I'll need it,\" she replied walking off toward base. Most of the time the tactical and the medical sides of the army didn't see eye to eye. Each side had trouble understanding the other, and when the Rage Virus was concerned it was worse when it really needed to be better. It was getting late when I started my way back to the main housing building. I looked to the rooftops of the buildings, seeing the usual snipers' outlines in the darkness. The apartment had started feeling like home and it should it was my home now. Returning to the U.S if I survived this seemed like an impossibility, but I knew that was my true home it always would be. The house left to me by my parents was way to big for just me alone and it held too many memories, however it was where I was raised I would have trouble parting with it if I could at all. My thoughts carried me all the way to my room where I set down my things and went into the living room. I picked up the book I had been reading in the little time I had to myself at night and placed myself on the soft couch curling up in the corner between the back and the armrest. The book was a work of fiction, an interesting story of betrayal and revenge with secret agencies of justice and power. It wasn't a highly-published book, but it was just what I needed: something to take my mind off the real world. Just when the book was reaching a gripping climax I noticed the time. \"Oh, shit!\" I mumbled getting up from the couch. It was well past twelve in the morning and way past the time I needed to be asleep so I could get through tomorrow without coffee. I threw the bookmark in the middle of the book, setting it back on the glass-topped coffee table before dashing into the bedroom. I took the fastest shower I'd ever taken -not helping me because it woke me up again- and got ready to go to bed. I took a last look at the family picture I'd brought with me in its new frame on my bedside stand. I fell asleep with a smile, hoping I would never have to endure a loss like that again. Little did I know, what came over the next sunrise would change everything. Pretty short chapters right now hopefully when I merge with the main story line it will pick up a bit. Anyway hope you enjoyed I will upload as soon as I'm done with chapter 3[Chapter 3] A/N: School isn't as bad as I thought...yet, everyone keeps telling me it will get harder, I believe them. So here is chapter 3 i'm already someways into 4 so that should be coming up soon...enjoy...and I'm glad this is so far my longest chapter XP Chapter 3- Trouble Is Spelled K.I.D.S The pre-dawn light was cast over everything when I stepped out of the housing building. I pulled my jacket closer around me, zipping it up all the way, it was freezing outside. The cold was definitely the one thing I had not gotten used to nor taken a liking to. I walked briskly to the medical center since I had volunteered to take the morning shift of looking over the small amount of patients in the care of the army doctors. It certainly wasn't a hard job, not compared to what I'd been put through in the army, the patients didn't need much care just simple things like medications and minor bandaging changes. Plus, I enjoyed my job I had always liked helping people and, on a few occasions, animals; it brought joy to me when I could help relieve someone's physical suffering even if their mental aspect needed much more work. Often times my patients' physical wounds would heal, but they would carry the mental ones for the rest of their lives. This was the part of my job that tore me to the core. I could try as hard as my small understanding of psychology would allow to try to ease some of their mental suffering as well, in some patients I saw that it sometimes helped a little, however I knew I could never truly help most of them. I pulled my access card out of my jacket pocket and held it in front of the scanner to the side doors of the center, the light changed green and the door popped open. I hung the card around my neck by its lanyard and went inside. Quiet, cold, and semi-darkness covered the medical center due to the lack of sun in the windows. That would soon change as the the sun was about to rise, a gray shade filled the sky before the first rays peaked over the horizon. I used to love this time of morning when even the birds were asleep and it seemed the whole world was waiting for the warmth to spread over the Earth. That was before the silence had become a whole new meaning, before the the silence had become the meaning of the end of your cover from the infected. I flipped on the lights in the center, shrouding it in florescent light that came from the long bulbs on the ceiling. I picked up a clipboard with the patients' information from the main desk and started making the normal rounds. I was done in a little less than two hours having visited, treated and talked to all the patients. By now the sun had risen and was casting light into the center. It was an overcast day which was pretty normal these days, the sun usually didn't break through the clouds until around noon and even then there were patchy clouds. I missed the fresh, warm air of Kentucky where the sun shone brightly in the summer with only the occasional afternoon shower. On the hottest days my sister and I would go swimming in the large pond only a small trail ride on horseback from our house. There was a dock built out a quarter of the way to the center, there, I would grab up my sister and running down the dock throwing her in at the end then jumping in myself. Sometimes, we would ride up bareback and ride our horses into the water up to their backs. When we were done we would get the horses to stand fetlock-deep at the pond's edge, count down from five together, and then race all the way back to the house. Our mother would scold us about cantering in the water before throwing the horses into a gallop, which we knew did not do any harm. The both of us would laugh together as we mucked stalls for punishment, but to us it wasn't really punishment. I squeezed my eyes shut, forcing out the memory and the sneaking tears. If I thought about my life before all of this I would surely lose it and here was not a place to lose it. I focused on organizing files to keep my mind off things while I waited on the next person to take over the shift before everyone else arrived. I had soon been relieved of my shift and was sitting in the cafeteria when I noticed something odd. A group of soldiers were leaving the safety zone and going across the river which was forbidden for citizens,period, and for personnel without direct orders. Since I had arrived I had seen no one cross the river going either way. Whatever it was that they were doing, going across, it had to be important, for them to risk infection and their lives by leaving the safety zone. I watched to soldiers until they disappeared around a deserted street corner. The rest of the day the soldiers leaving nagged at the back of my mind, giving me a constant reminder of what remained beyond the river. While no infected still lived, the last one had died over six months ago, there were still wild dogs and other ways to get the virus. The bottom line was: crossing the river was forbidden for a reason , for safety. The fact that someone could still get the virus just by sneaking out, coming up on a dog or something, and then starting the whole horrible thing over again scared me. Scarlett had told me after her meeting with base that they clearly were not afraid of it coming back. She said their go-to reflex would be to initiate Code Red which would not do a damn thing if everything got out of control. It scared me how little they cared , sure they cared a little , but they were arrogant because in their minds the virus would never happen again. Scarlett and I knew better, we knew the medical probabilities we knew that it could come back. It was a long shot, but it could. If and when the virus came back we would all be screwed. I roamed District One for the rest of the day since I was not due to go back to work until tomorrow morning. A lot of people on their mid-day errands were walking hastily by me as I walked at a steady pace. I figured I had done a whole lot of rushing in my life and, since District One was supposed to be a fresh start, I would try to relax and enjoy it for as long as it lasted. When I was walking back to the housing building a black helicopter flew across the river to where the soldiers had gone earlier. Whatever was going on over there had to be serious now, I didn't even want to think of the possibilities. I went up to my apartment as the sun was beginning to set, there really was nothing to do in District One after hours, nothing that I normally enjoyed anyway. I picked up my book that was halfway finished. I sat down on the couch with it, staring at it for a little before jumping back in the gripping plot. You spend your nights with your nose buried in a book and you wonder why you've never dated anyone . My friend's words and following innocent laugh rang through my head once my head strayed from the book. I checked the digital clock on the kitchen; the blue glowing numbers and letters read 8:00pm. I had been reading for a straight hour and not even noticed. Well, I guess she was right, I thought getting up from the couch and setting the book on the table. \"Fresh start,\" I reminded myself. I picked up my jacket from the back of a chair and headed out the door. I took the eighteen floors of stairs down to the ground level, flashing my I.D at the soldiers as I left the building. I headed down to the part of District One I walked by earlier today, but had never been to it before then. What was down here was the pride and joy of most of District One residents: the pub. I had been to few pubs in my lifetime, not really enjoying the night life at all. This one was no different from the ones in Kentucky towns' that I'd been to. People chatted loudly in the dimly lit building, trying to talk over everyone else to their friends right in front of them. The smells of greasy food and varying alcohol filled the air, attacking my senses from all fronts. I went up to the bar, ordering a drink before standing awkwardly in the corner away from the crowd. Besides Scarlett and some of the army personnel I really had no friends in District One, with my job I had no time for stuff like that. I knew eventually I'd regret it, but right now my job was the most important thing. It wasn't that I was poor or anything like that, my parents had left me plenty of money, it was more the fact that I needed this to keep my mind off things. I guess that's what I was doing now; washing away my troubles. I was almost done with my second drink when I spotted a familiar face among the large crowd at the back of the pub. For the first time I noticed the guards at the doors and inside the joint, I guessed because it was after hours, as I made my way through the people to the back. I walked up to the large, dark-skinned man in a uniform. \"Flynn?\" I asked when I got close enough for him to hear. \"Lily, hey, what's up? Haven't seen you since training,\" he said clasping hands with me. \"It's been a long time,\" I agreed with a smile. I could tell he'd ha a few more drinks than I had, but we went way back, like he'd said, to training. We had hung out a lot at base then and become friends before being deployed to different areas. \"What're you here for?\" he asked. \"Medical staff, trying to keep this place from becoming another hell on Earth. You still flying?\" \"Yeah, still flying high, choppers.\" \"Oh, was that you earlier? In the fiasco across the river or whatever it was?\" \"Just a few puppies that slipped the gate, we got 'em back, plus one.\" \"'Puppies'? That doesn't sound like you.\" \"Doyle named 'em to base, just a few kids.\" My mind flashed back, there were only two kids in the whole country and I knew that Scarlett and I had been wrong. They had not learned the rules, apparently, as quickly as we thought. But they were kids, that was what Scarlett had tried to tell base, they would do absolutely stupid things and hopefully learn from those things. Here, however, was not the place to do stupid things and learn from them, this place was a serious danger if rules were broken. \"Doyle's here too?\" I realized suddenly. \"Sure is, bored as hell,\" Flynn replied with a laugh. I laughed too, if we weren't in the heat of combat Doyle would surely be bored out of his mind. \"Not shooting innocent civilians is he?\" \"Not yet,\" Flynn replied somewhat jokingly. \"Shouldn't he be here with you?\" I asked. \"No, he's got the night watch, likes scaring the hell out of me when he gets bored. Can't sleep with him walking the rooftops,\" Flynn said. I considered his words for a moment before setting my empty glass on the counter. The crowd had thinned out since I had first walked in, but was still considerably large. \"I gotta get going, Flynn, but I'll see you later,\" I said smiling at him again before heading out. \"See you later, Lily!\" he called as I exited the pub. I returned back to my apartment just as the clock flipped to 10:00. I had actually enjoyed a night out, maybe I would start doing it more. It felt good to get out and be apart of a social climate rather than staying up here by myself every night. District One was a fresh start because two years ago that thought would have been extremely alien to me. I was glad I had seen Flynn tonight, it brought back good memories of the years I had enjoyed so long ago. The fact that Doyle was here blew my mind; the odds of he, Flynn and I being in the same country let alone the same district were slim, but here we were. I locked the apartment door and headed into my room. Tomorrow I would find Doyle, hoping Flynn wouldn't remember to tell him about me. I wanted to see his reaction because I knew it would be the same as mine. The next morning I found Scarlett and learned just what had gone down yesterday. She told me that Tammy and Andy, Don's kids, had gone across the river to their old house. They had left the safety zone, disobeying the rules, and were now being kept in quarantine until they were checked out for any signs of the virus. The most interesting part of the story she had told me was that the army had brought back a survivor. The survivor was the kids' mother and had previously been thought to be dead during the outbreak, but had somehow managed to stay alive. She was being held at the medical center until Scarlett could personally attend to her. I was to help her check blood samples tonight at the lab while General Stone looked in on us to make sure there was no threat to the safety of the District. That afternoon, after I had finished my shift, I headed to the building adjacent to my housing building. Showing my I.D to the soldiers by the door I walked up the many flights of stairs that eventually ended at the roof. I stepped out on to the flat roof knowing full well that there were at least four snipers with their sights on me. I walked over to one of the soldiers that had his rifle aimed at the housing building across the street, looking through the scope. \"You know, stalking people is a misuse of a weapon,\" I stated loudly so I could be heard over the wind. The soldier turned, smiling at me. \"Well, it gets kind of boring up here, have to find some way to entertain myself,\" he said. He had dark brown hair and bright, blue-green eyes, but he didn't have to get close for me to know that. \"So I heard. You're a sergeant now?\" I said more than asked, nodding to the chevron on his uniform. \"Yes. Shit, I don't have a clue what you would be,\" he said laughing at himself. I smiled, handing him my I.D card from around my neck. \"'Private First Class Larrissa Caine',\" he read off the card then handing it back. \"Thought I'd never see that name again.\" \"Sergeant Doyle, didn't think I'd ever hear that name again,\" I said back to him. I stood there, looking at him but not believing it. I laughed to myself, shaking my head. Seeing Doyle again was basically like seeing a ghost from my past. \"How'd you manage to get yourself into this hell hole?\" Doyle asked. \"Medical team, apparently we were the best-equipped to handle the situation besides the ones that were already here. You?\" \"They needed the best marksmen,\" he said shifting his sniper rifle at his side. \"You haven't changed,\" I smiled. There we were staring at each other again, silence surrounding us. Apparently he was just as unbelieving as I was about seeing each other again. We had both been foolish at the training base many years ago, something that connected us there. Despite my words, Doyle had changed, for the better he seemed a little more responsible now and a little more... mature compared to last time. \" Hey, Doyle, who's your lady-friend?\" I heard the teasing voice come over his radio. He took the earpiece from around his head and stuffed it inside his vest. \"Ignore them,\" he said smiling. \"I was planning to. I heard about your 'puppies' by the way. I thought those kids wouldn't cause any trouble but I guess I was wrong,\" I said. \"Flynn?\" Doyle asked. \"He has a big mouth when he's drunk.\" \"Flynn doesn't get drunk.\" \"Well, I guess he was a little tipsy then. I don't know if I should be telling you this, but they picked up a survivor along with the kids. It was their mother, she somehow managed to stay alive and they brought her back.\" \"Why are you telling me this?\" Doyle asked. \"Are you afraid she could have the virus? If she did they wouldn't have brought her back.\" \"I know, but I'm just scared that it'll start all over again, somehow.\" \"You shouldn't be, but if it does, I've got you covered,\" he said lifting up his sniper. I smiled, \"I have to meet Medical Officer Lima soon, so I have to go. If you get too bored you know where to find me.\" \"Thanks,\" Doyle said. As I walked down the stairs to exit the building, I smiled to what seemed like nothing but the fact of Doyle having my back. I had seen him shoot like an expert for years, so him saying that made me feel safer. I knew, though, that if the virus started here again even an army of snipers couldn't stop it. I slowly made my way to a secluded part of the district, knowing I had about thirty minutes before I should start heading to the medical center. I sat in the park-like area on a wooden bench doing nothing but sitting and enjoying the peace and quiet. The only sound I could hear was the soft birdsong coming from the trees, the sweet innocence filled my ears and my mind. The tall, green trees reached for the little sunlight that had managed to filter through the clouds. I allowed myself a giant breath of the fresh air before closing my eyes. It felt like I was back home again; that point before a big storm where the sunlight was scarce and the air became chilled. I felt free for those few moments of pure serenity where I was undisturbed by my normal troubles that clouded my mind like a smog. I let my mind flash through the nineteen years I spent with my family in our small, two-story farm house. The white, mostly-wooden house had its wide front porch with a waist high railing and always smelled of a home cooked meal or dessert. The porch swing was where I spent a lot of my nights, reading or -when I was still in high school- talking softly to one of my boyfriends. None of them had held my attention or love for long, they had all ended up doing something stupid that drove me away, all except one. One had been true to me to the end, had held me and showed me what true love felt like. Had also showed me what true loss was like. Showed me how fast a car could turn from transportation to life taker. I never got over it, so I decided to embrace loss rather than letting it rule my life. That was when I decided to join the army, therefore landing myself here. I opened my eyes the partial sunlight still making me squint as my eyes adjusted. I noticed the time and decided it was time to start walking to the medical center. I took in one last look and feel of the green spot, and turned, walking away. A/N: Doyle finally fit into my story, thought it was about time to bring him in since obviously he's going to be a big part. :) The sooner the better in my POV. Anyway chapter 4 coming up as soon I as I can get it written. Hope you enjoyed it[Chapter 4] A/N: Yaaay I managed another decent-sized chapter! Haha, anyway just finished this so as I promised here it is, enjoy Chapter 4- Living Horrors I arrived at the medical center as the sun was just setting, casting an orange glow in the could-covered sky and bathing the streets in the shadows of the tall buildings. I had never been to this part of the center before, it was the labs that were in the basement. I scanned my I.D at the thick, metal door, it opened easily. I stepped inside and stopped. \"Scarlett!?\" I called having no clue where to go. \"Over here, just follow the main path,\" Scarlett's faraway voice came back. I looked ahead, seeing the \"path\" was carved by two rows of tables separated by wide aisle. I tried to avoid walking into any of the tables, but hit one in the semi-darkness of the lab. \"You okay?\" Scarlett called. \"Fine, just having issues with coordination,\" I replied. I heard Scarlett laugh quietly as I put the table behind me and continued walking. I rounded one of the corners to my right and saw Scarlett sitting at the end of the hall. I didn't see the General, meaning he probably wasn't here yet. I took a seat next behind the table to Scarlett, she was looking through a microscope at something. \"Is that it?\" I asked. \"Yes, it's a sample from Alice, the survivor,\" Scarlett said. I sat with a microscope of my own beside Scarlett, we both looked into the microscopes. In seconds our heads came up from the scopes. \"Shit!\" our reactions were simultaneous and the same. The survivor had the virus, but somehow was not showing the typical symptoms besides eye color. \"How?\" I asked. \"The General is not going to like this. I have no idea how. I had a feeling she had it when I saw the bite mark on her arm. She is very important, I do know that,\" Scarlett said. She dropped her head into her hands and sat silently. She looked tired, like she hadn't slept in days, which meant either she had been working or worrying. I hoped it was her work that had been keeping her awake. \"Well, we can rule out a cure, since there is none that we know of. Could another disease or virus prevent someone from showing symptoms?\" I asked. \"None. We did tests after the first outbreak, every test subject ended up getting the virus anyway,\" Scarlett said still looking at the ground. \"So, a natural immunity?\" I suggested, it was the only idea I had. Scarlett looked up, \"Yes, that's possible, in that case she is very important, but she still has the virus.\" \"You mean she can infect people?\" \"Yes, she can, she's a carrier. She isn't showing any symptoms, but the virus is in her.\" My heart sank at Scarlett's words, it meant the end of Alice or the beginning of a new wave of the virus. \"What are we going to-\" my words were cut off as the lab door opened. The General walked down the hallway toward us seconds later. \"Private, Major,\" he acknowledged. \"General,\" Scarlett said. \"What have you got?\" he asked. Scarlett looked at me before taking the hardest part of this conversation. \"There's no question, sir, she has the virus, she's infected,\" Scarlett started. \"Why isn't she showing any symptoms?\" General Stone asked. \"I don't know,\" Scarlett replied. \"Speculate.\" I looked at Scarlett, telling her with my eyes she should have told him our ideas. \"We think she might have some sort of natural immunity...to the virus, a genetic abnormality,\" I said. \"But the virus is still in her blood and saliva, so, technically, she's not immune, she's a carrier,\" Scarlett finished. \"Are you saying she has the ability to infect other people?\" the General asked. \"Yes, sir, absolutely,\" Scarlett said. The General walked outside, Scarlett and I following after him, Scarlett frantically trying to stop him. \"If this woman has natural immunity her blood could contain a key to a vaccine even a cure!\" Scarlett said. The General walked away and Scarlett looked back to me. \"You're dismissed, please, stay safe,\" she called to me before running after the General. I stood where I was for a second before I realized that the General would kill her no matter what Scarlett argued. Alice was a threat, a threat that could make my worst fears come true, while she could contain the key to a cure I couldn't say I disagreed with the General. I didn't want to go back to my room just yet, I felt I wasn't safe there, but I didn't know why. I started making my way toward the housing building through the darkness guided by the tall street lights. My paced quickened as I approached the building across from my housing building. I knew I would be watched since there were no guards there now, it was long past their shifts. I went to open the door, but the door didn't swing, it stayed; it was locked. I stepped back, delivering two harsh kicks into the space right under the lock and handle, the door burst open hitting the wall behind it. I wasted no time in starting to run up the many flights of stairs to the roof. I burst out of the roof access and ran across the top of it to the edge. \"What are you doing?\" the words came slowly, smoothly to my right. \"She has it,\" I said knowing it was Doyle before his face came into the minimal light. \"What?\" Doyle's response was mixed with confusion and shock. \"The survivor, she has it. She's infected,\" I repeated between hard breaths from running up the stairs. \"Wait, then why would they bring her back if she was a threat?\" \"That's just it, we didn't know. She's a carrier, Doyle, she wasn't showing any signs of being infected. She has the virus in her blood and saliva, though, so she can still infect people.\" \"What is the General going to do about it?\" \"He wants to kill her, but Scarlett wants her alive, her blood could mean a cure or vaccine for the virus. I understand the medical significance, I really do, but I do have to agree with the General, it isn't worth starting a wave of the virus all over again. God, it's all so screwed up,\" I said trying to hold back tears of stress. \"Hey, listen to me, it's gonna be fine, okay? Nothing like that is going to happen, you're going to be fine, we're all going to be fine,\" Doyle said. \"I've never heard you be so serious before,\" I said trying to laugh. \"Well, we change, don't we? I mean you certainly did,\" he said. I smiled at him. \"Now get on home and get some rest and, please, stop worrying,\" Doyle said with a smile. I turned to leave, but before I got less than ten feet away from Doyle the lights in the district started shutting off; all of them. The radio at my hip crackled on, those three words that I had feared most came over it. \" Execute Code Red.\" My worst horrors had finally managed come true. I turned back to Doyle, panic rising through my body. He looked at me with an expression just as shocked as mine. He grabbed up his earpiece and spoke into it. \"Flynn, come in, Flynn, you hear that Code Red or am I losing my shit?\" Doyle said crossing the roof toward me. He grabbed my arm, pulling me with him, \"You have to stay with me it's not safe down there.\" \"No, I can't, I have to be down there, I have to help,\" I argued. \"No, you won't help anyone by getting yourself killed,\" he shot back in concern. \"Doyle, please, let me go, my post is down there, helping civilians get to containment zones! I have to go!\" I said pulling away from him. \"I'm sorry, but I'll stay safe. I'll talk to you and tell you that I'm okay when I can.\" \"Larrissa!\" he yelled after me as I ran back across the roof. \"Larrissa!\" Adrenaline rushed through me as I ran back down the stairs, I hated lying to Doyle when he only wanted to protect me. I would have felt safer with him, but I had to get something. What I was about to do was downright stupid and dangerous, I could die, but it could also be very beneficial. I ran back to my housing building and up to my room, fumbling for a second with the key. I ran into my room gathering my vest and other body protectors from under my bed. The extra twenty to thirty pounds it added to me would be hard to carry for long, but it could end up saving my life. The last thing I grabbed was the picture of my family before I ran out of my room, closing the door behind me. I ran out into the cold darkness of the night, I had no idea to where I was running I just knew I needed to run. Suddenly, I was surrounded by a mass of running, screaming people as I tried to escape. I heard the snipers firing above and saw some of the people drop to the ground before realizing they were infected. I tripped over someone who had fallen, a non-infected person, and fell to the ground myself. At about the same time one of the infected ran up to us as we tried to regain our footing and run. I was face-to-face with the bloody mess of what remained of a human, knowing that if I was bitten I would rather shoot myself then let the virus take over me. The infected was about to attack me when I heard a shot fired and the blood of the infected flew up on my uniform as it collapsed to the ground. I turned to look for the sniper who had fired, but decided it was probably better to get out of this mess. I continued to run, searching for somewhere to hide, someway to get out. Then I saw a young man motioning beside a building, yelling at me to get over there. I started toward him, stopping beside a fallen soldier and picking up the assault rifle that lay a few feet away from his body. I threw the rifle over my back and ran toward the man. I slid into the building just as he shut the door behind me, boarding the windows back up. I stood up, taking in my surroundings, I was in the warehouse that was used to store the provisions. There were pallets of supplies stacked to the ceiling in rows that were spaced equally apart. I scanned in between the rows, seeing that I was not alone in this place, there were many other survivors huddled in between the rows of pallets. Some were consoling their loved ones or other survivors that wept continuously between the shots of the snipers' guns or the screaming of less fortunate people. My head was pounding and for once I could not think straight, maybe this had been in the making all along. Scarlett and I had noted the significant structural holes in protecting the district from another outbreak, and had both agreed on the possibility of another outbreak. It had only been a matter of time. Time . We had only a half an hour, maybe less, until stronger methods of containment were reached. I had to find Doyle, but going back out there was not an option. I don't know why finding him was so important, I really should have been trying to find Scarlett, but somehow my thoughts were of him alone on the rooftop with no spotter. I forced myself to stop thinking. Thinking things, actually a matter of over thinking, would be dangerous in this situation; thinking took too much time and time was not on our side. I walked around the warehouse looking for anyone I recognized. When I was about to reach the last row, I looked down the aisle and saw not one, but two, familiar faces. \"Scarlett!\" I exclaimed. \"Lily! Oh, I thought you were...\" Scarlett didn't finish. \"I know, when I heard it started at the medical center I was worried for you,\" I said. The other familiar face sitting there was Tammy, Don's daughter, but something was wrong; I didn't see her little brother Andy with them. \"We have to find Andy!\" Tammy yelled. Scarlett grabbed her radio and started to speak into it with a shaking voice. \"All units, all units, this is Medical Commanding Officer Sierra Lima. Please be on the look out for a young boy, age twelve, name Andy, if he is located he must be immediately evacuated from the containment zone,\" Scarlett said. I watched as Tammy ran into Scarlett's arms. \"We have to find Andy. We have to find him!\" Tammy exclaimed. \"It's okay, it's okay, we're going to find him, I promise. I'm going to get him out of here, I'm going to get you both out of here. Trust me,\" Scarlett said pulling Tammy into a hug. I sat down, resting my back on one of the pallets, all the running with my vest and extra gear had worn down all of my energy. Besides, I needed time to process what was going on, to let my numb mind take in what was going on around me. I suddenly found myself fighting back tears, things were so screwed up! That was the understatement of my life for sure. I was scared, confused, and my mind was a jumbled mess of emotions and adrenaline. My body shook and my breaths were labored in fear and exhaustion as I leaned against the pallet. I gripped the hair above my forehead, my elbow resting on my knees and my head tucked down. What the hell were we going to do? We go outside we get shot by a stray or misplaced bullet or get attacked by infected, lose-lose situation. We make it across the river, out of the district, and we have a chance. We had to get out of the district, but just getting out of the city seemed impossible right now. I heard shouts of joy from Scarlett and Tammy, looking up shortly to see Andy -the little boy- standing there with a blood-soaked shirt, not his own I presumed. I blocked their excessive screaming and tried to think out the situation. \"This is madness,\" said a blond-haired, English guy in the building, the one who had signaled to me. \"What's happening?\" \"They're shooting everybody...\" an older woman said softly. My head lifted up, looking at them, knowing how horrible the situation had become just by those few words. \"Why?\" asked the blond-haired guy. \"It makes no sense,\" another guy said. \"It makes perfect sense,\" I mumbled, getting up. They looked at me, Scarlett came up beside me. \"It's Code Red,\" Scarlett said without emotion. \"Step one, kill the infected.\" \"Step two, containment,\" I continued, looking at the shadows of people running like maniacs and hearing the staccato sniper fire. \"If containment fails, then step three: extermination,\" Scarlett said slowly. \"Now they won't stop until everyone is dead.\" The chilling words ran through me, I already knew what was happening, but saying and hearing it made it all the more worse. \"So what do we do?\" the blond guy asked. \"I mean I'm not sittin' around here to get 'exterminated' we've got to get out of here.\" \"If we take one step out of that door, if the infected don't get us, the snipers will,\" the other guy argued. \"Well, you don't have a choice my friend,\" a voice came from the darkness behind him. I wheeled around to face the source, knowing that voice all too well. It lifted a worry off my shoulders as soon as I heard it. \"Right now it's dark out there, the snipers can see you through their night scopes, but at least you have some limited cover from the infected. But, you know, if you wanna wait 'till sun up, well, you're as good as dead,\" he said walking up to them. I smiled as he came into the light, he made this situation a hell of a lot better. \"Who are you?\" Scarlett asked challengingly. \"Sergeant Doyle,\" Doyle said with a slight pause between his rank and name, \"delta, rooftop unit.\" \"What aren't you at your post?\" Scarlett asked. Doyle looked her over for a second, \"Why aren't you?\" There was silence as the two looked at each other, I coughed breaking it akwardly. \"Okay, guys, do what you want, but, Imma get the fuck out of here,\" Doyle said walking away. \"You comin?\" \"Doyle, wait,\" I called, running to him. He turned, facing me as I came up on him. \"Thank God, you're alive, I was worried about you. You shouldn't have left,\" Doyle said. \"Are you kidding? I was worried about you , and yes, I know I shouldn't have left, but...\" \"But you needed to?\" he finished looking at the body armor I wore. \"Yes, please, let me come with you, we have to get out of the district. We have to get across the river,\" I said. \"I know, and do you honestly think I'll tell you 'no'? Come on, we need to-\" he stopped. I turned to see the two guys, the old woman, the two kids and Scarlett behind me. \"Changed your minds? Didn't want to stay here and die?\" Doyle asked sarcastically, shifting the rifle in his arms. His question was met with silence as I looked back at him. \"Fine, let's go,\" he said walking to the back of the warehouse. I followed Doyle, the others falling in behind me as we made our way to the door at the back. I took the rifle I had acquired from my back and held it to the side as we walked. I knew I would need it soon I was pretty sure we wouldn't get out of the district without confrontation from either military or the infected. I stopped as Doyle held up his hand in a signal for me to. \"Back up,\" he said. I did as he said and took a few steps back, Doyle in front of me. With one movement he kicked open the door leading to a back alley. It was time for me to face my horrors in stead of hiding from them, whatever awaited us outside I would have to overcome, the safety of the group was priority now. Getting out of the district would soon be the least of our worries. A/N: Alright, so center-focus of the movie revealed, zombie attack yay. Stupid kids who should of listened to the rules, I was tempted to kill them off, but that would present a major plot hole and stuff I'd rather not get into. Anyway, hope you enjoyed chapter 5 might take a while so bear with me. :) ...as a reminder sorry for any grammar/spelling errors i usually type late at night and try to proof read but I still miss stuff[Chapter 5] A/N: Sorry, people I completely forgot to upload this a week or so ago when I finished it, but good news is I'm almost done with 7 now lol. I will upload 6 sometime tomorrow. So for now enjoy. Chapter 5- An Escape From Hell The door banged open against the side of the building, Doyle walking through and immediately looking around with his sniper aimed at the roofs. I was right behind him, covering his back down the other side of the alley the door had opened into. Doyle motioned for the rest of the group to follow him, I fell in behind him as we walked single file along the wall of the alley. Helicopters passed far overhead making me flinch as I walked at a faster pace to keep up with Doyle. \"There's less shooting,\" Scarlett said. \"Maybe they've got it under control,\" Tammy said. I scoffed before Doyle had time to answer. \"No, less shooters,\" Doyle said. Doyle stopped and turned to the kids, bending down to Andy's eye level, I watched curiously. \"Alright, listen,\" Doyle said to Andy. \"I need you guys to look at me and only me, okay?\" The kids nodded furiously as Doyle continued. \"You run when I run, be my shadow, that's it, alright got it?\" Doyle asked. The kids nodded again and Doyle stood back up, he pointed at Scarlett . \"Get around back. Watch her,\" he commanded one of the guy. \"Private?\" \"Yes?\" I replied quickly. \"Mind covering me?\" Doyle asked. \"Not at all...Sergeant.\" I got behind the two kids, in the middle of the group, so I could cover Doyle. I lifted my rifle up, looking through the scope so I could see, the night was getting old and it was pitch black outside. We would be lucky if we even knew where we were going, all of the buildings' lights had been turned off so there was nothing to guide us out of the city. \"Ready?\" Doyle asked. \"Let's go.\" We started moving again, our pace faster than before. We moved down the alley, skirting the side of a building. Our mad escape to get out of the city had begun. Doyle, the two kids, and I stopped at the corner of the building. I aimed the rifle around, checking behind us as Doyle checked around the corner that lay ahead of us. \"We're clear,\" I said to Doyle. He signaled for the rest of the group, who had been waiting at the previous corner, to come to us. They ran up behind me and stopped. \"Stay,\" Doyle commanded, heading around the corner. The urge to go after him was too overwhelming, so I followed not so close behind him, covering him down the sidewalk. I aimed my rifle around, checking the rooftops for any remaining snipers. Right now those would be our enemies besides the infected, snipers meant silent death, taken out before you even had the slightest hint to their presence. We stopped in a space between two buildings halfway down the sidewalk. Doyle put his earpiece back in his ear, obviously having received radio contact. \"Flynn, go,\" he said motioning for the rest of the group to come down the sidewalk. The of them moved quickly and silently, hugging the sides of the buildings. I wondered what had happened to Flynn, but apparently he was okay. \"Ground level, District One,\" Doyle replied. He aimed his rifle up, guarding the entrance to the space. \"Copy that,\" Doyle replied. I wondered what was being said on Flynn's side of the radio when Doyle reached down to close off the frequency to the earpiece. The rest of the group started quickly, silently down the sidewalk to us, crowding in the space with Doyle and I. Doyle leaned back against the wall. \"We already got some serious shit,\" he says to Flynn. His composure became more serious as I guess Flynn's words reach him. I notice his eyes have widened and he's staring straight ahead. \"Doyle?\" I ask wonderingly. \"Well, that's fast,\" Doyle said to Flynn. His tone unnerved me, but what he said next made everything fall apart. \"How long we got?\" he paused. \"I'll be back in touch.\" I looked worriedly at Doyle, still wondering what was going on but knowing whatever it was it was bad. \"Alright, look guys, we gotta run,okay?\" Doyle said calmly. \"Just stay low and stay fast, okay? After me, let's go.\" We ran out of the space, going down the middle of the street instead of hugging the walls. I remained close to Doyle, but still behind Tammy and Andy, I had to protect them as well. I couldn't help but notice how Andy was running to try and catch up with Doyle, the kid seemed to have taken a liking to him. Blind fear drove me to run faster, to keep up, as I'm sure it did for everyone else. We were running with no reason in mind except for Doyle's words, which I would have trusted with my life. As we rounded the corner a crazed frenzy broke out. I heard the sound of a gun going off, a sniper, before one of the people in our group fell to the ground. \"Sniper!\" I yelled. My cry was echoed frantically by Scarlett and Doyle as more shots were fired into our group. \"Back!\" Doyle yelled repetitively. \"Get down!\" Scarlett yelled. \"Get back!\" We ran for cover around the corner of a building, the group was scattered trying to run in the crazed fire. I was almost to the building when a shot rang out and I fell to the ground, a sharp pain shooting up my leg. \"Lily!\" I heard someone yell. The pain was generating from my ankle which I saw was bloodied now, the bullet had grazed it enough to tear something, but not to break the bone. I got up, despite the pain, a half limped half ran to the building. Two more of our group had been shot and killed, who I had no idea, I knew the kids and Doyle were fine I saw them when I got behind the cover. I heard Scarlett scream after another shot was fired, but she made it behind the cover alive. I had pulled a roll of medical bandage from inside one of the pockets of my pants and was wrapping it tightly around my ankle when Scarlett came beside me. \"It's okay, it's just a flesh wound,\"she said. Doyle handed her a roll of bandage which she accepted and started wrapping just above her knee. \"You okay?\" I heard someone ask me. I looked up to see that it was Doyle. \"Yeah, hurts like hell, but I'm fine,\" I said through gritted teeth. I saw Doyle search in one of the pockets on his vest, he pulled out a small mirror and held it down by his side angling around the corner. I knew the tactic, he was trying to see where the sniper was. I heard more gunfire and the mirror was knocked from Doyle's hand into the road. \"Multiple shots one hit,\" Doyle mumbled, but then picked his voice up. \"He's panicked and no marksman.\" I looked over, Scarlett was groaning in pain as she tried to wrap the bandage tightly around her leg. Doyle stood up straight and then quickly looked around the corner, turning back just as fast when shots were fired at him. \"What's your name?\" Doyle asked standing beside the only guy in the group, besides himself, left. The frightened guy's voice quivered when he spoke, \"Sam.\" \"Hey, Sam,\" Doyle said grabbing him on the shoulder and pulling Sam beside him. \"You wanna get close? See that door.\" I looked where Doyle was pointing, there was a door far down the road we had been running on, where the sniper was shooting. \"I need you to run, as fast as you can, in a zigzag, like this,okay?\" Doyle explained showing Sam a zigzag pattern with his hand. \"And don't stop for anything, alright?\" \"You want me to be bait?\" Sam said. His almost whining tone made me want to run out there myself. \"No, no, look, he's gonna take shots at you, alright? But he's gonna miss, alright, he's going to expose his position, means I get a shot at him. I won't miss ,\" Doyle said trying to comfort him, looking Sam in the eyes. I knew he wouldn't do it, no matter how convincing Doyle was, he didn't trust Doyle like I did. I knew Doyle's words were true, he wouldn't miss. \"You're out of your mind,\" Sam said frightened. \"There's no way I'm going out there.\" Doyle got in Sam's face, I knew he was getting as annoyed as I was. \"Two minutes. We're all gonna die...you want that?\" Doyle said harshly. I heard screams from Tammy and Scarlett, they were yelling Andy's name before I even realized he had run from behind the building. Andy did exactly as Doyle had told Sam to do, running in an unpredictable zigzag to the door. \"Andy!\" I yelled, and unlike the others, ran after him. I heard the sniper shooting at us, but like Doyle said he was missing, by a lot. A few of the shots, though, I saw hitting near Andy's feet as he ran. Only when we were halfway to the door did I remember how injured I was, that my running was slower because of it, how much of a target I was. I heard return fire, a few shots one after the other and then a pause. With the next shot that was fired, the sniper stopped shooting: Doyle had found his chance. I stopped running after that, the pain was overwhelming, and, quite frankly, I had no idea what was going through my head for me to run when I knew I couldn't. My head was spinning, pain was shooting like daggers through my ankle and I could hardly stand up. Lights danced before my eyes and I stumbled almost falling. Before I could hit the ground someone had my arm over their shoulders and was supporting me; I wasn't surprised to see it was Doyle. \"Hey...hey, careful,\" he said gently. \"Are you okay?\" Another wave of pain hit me, \"I'm fine.\" Even I didn't believe myself. \"No you're not, you're hurt. Why did you run after him?\" Doyle insisted. \"I-I don't know, I guess I thought I should protect him.\" I stood up straight with Doyle's help, the pain shooting through me again. \"Can you walk?\" he asked me. \"I think so,\" I said trying to walk with Doyle supporting my injured side. I couldn't, I took one step and almost fell with even the little weight I was putting on my left ankle. I would have fallen if Doyle hadn't been supporting basically that whole side of my body. \"Shit,\" Doyle mumbled. \"I swear, I can walk on it, just...just not right now because I ran on it,\" I really was telling the truth this time. \"Sit down for a minute,\" he told me. \"We don't have a minute,\" came my swift reply. \"You're so stubborn,\" he said in defeat. \"Learned it from the best.\" \"Are you sure it wasn't the other way around?\" I laughed picking up my foot from the ground and pointing and flexing it. The pain was already starting to subside and at least when I tried to walk again with Doyle I didn't almost fall. \"Come on, slowly,\" he said softly to me. We started to slowly make our way to where Andy had stopped behind a wall for cover. \"Good work, kid,\" Doyle said. The rest of the group ran behind us, I knew Doyle needed to run too and my self as well. \"I have to, Doyle, I have to run, we have to get out,\" I said. \"You're going to make it worse,\" he said. \"It's really not going to matter when we all die, is it? We have to go,\" I said. \"I'll only slow you down and you need to help Scarlett.\" \"It's not that far.\" I didn't know if he was trying to comfort me or himself. Doyle left me reluctantly and ran after Scarlett, supporting her as he did me. I took a giant breath and started to run, biting back the pain that was starting again. The ground started to turn to sand as we came up to a large fence with barbed wire at the top by the river. Doyle managed to cut away a section of the wire, climbing on top of the fence as the rest of us caught up. One by one, he helped each person in our group up and over the fence. When he got to me I contemplated how I was going to do this. I got to the top, grabbing his hand, and he steadied me before telling me to jump. I jumped off the fence with my good leg forward, letting gravity take me to the ground. I could feel blood on the palms of my hands where I had put them down in the sand when I fell. I heard Doyle yell at Scarlett to jump, she jumped, falling behind me. I got up slowly as planes streaked quickly over-head I knew how little time we had left. I saw Doyle look at them before jumping off the fence himself. I helped Scarlett up and we both started to run, limping horribly as we did so. Doyle soon came up behind us and helped Scarlett, giving me a side glance that told me he thought he should be helping me as well. I kept running, my ankle was numb in pain by now which made it easier to run. We ran to a tunnel leading under the river, the only way to get to the other side without using the bridge. \"Go, we're safe under the river!\" Doyle yelled to the group in front of him. We started heading down the concrete, spiraling stairs to the tunnel. I was in back of the group, barely in front of Doyle. As we were running down the tunnel the initial shock-wave tripped me up and I almost fell. I heard the booming right before it and knew what was happening, base was firebombing the city, they had lost control. We stopped halfway down the tunnel taking the chance to rest for even a few minutes. I leaned against the cool stone wall of the tunnel, taking my weight off of my injured ankle. A minute later the booming sound of the firebombs being dropped echoed dully down the tunnel. I looked back toward the entrance when I heard the sizzling of fire that sounded all too close. I saw a red-yellow glow at the end of the tunnel before feeling a heat wave blast down toward us. My eyes widened when I realized what was happening. \"Go, go, go!\" Doyle yelled frantically turning with Scarlett and heading the rest of the way down the tunnel. I turned as well, running faster than ever, adrenaline making my injury seem non-existent. We all ran practically together, but I noticed Doyle and Scarlett were falling behind. The flames were roaring down the tunnel at our heels I could feel the horrible heat at my back. We started up the stairs one after the other and what worried me most was when I turned the spiral I lost sight of Doyle and Scarlett. We regrouped at the exit of the tunnel, running together again, but Doyle was still behind me. \"Run, run!\" I heard him yell. We got several yards from the entrance when it exploded, glass shattered and stones were blasted away from the tunnel. The ground shook violently, I lost my balance, flailing my arms in an attempt to right myself. It was no use, the blast sent every single one of us to the ground with the flames shooting high into the pitch-black sky. A/N: Not gonna say much because its late, but I will say I have decided to expand this fanfic into events after the ones in the movie and continue it in my own way because I'm realizing how short this will end up being since at only chapter 7 I'm almost done with the section of the movie I am using (that is...taking off the few minutes in the very beginning and a lot off at the end) So, I'm estimating only 8 or 9(if I go with a really short one) chapters with the actual movie being used. That's all for now so hope you enjoyed and again sorry for the wait.[Chapter 6] A/N: My apologies, I got so caught up in my piles of homework I forgot to upload this like promised last night :( Wow, I can't believe I'm almost past the movie portion of my fanfic. Anyway, here you are chapter 6 :) enjoy Chapter 6- Not Out of Trouble The ground was colder than the night air, I laid on it, my ankle throbbing again and my head foggy. When I fell from the blast, my head hit the hard ground; I could feel the blood running down my ankle, head and hands. The flames were still burning into the sky, sending thick columns of black-gray smoke upwards. Everything in my body seemed to be hurting and my legs were shaking from the shock-wave of the blast. The first thought that came to my clouded mind was Doyle, he and Scarlett had still been behind us right before the explosion. I shifted painfully to look back behind me, I saw that Doyle was standing and helping Scarlett off of the ground. He had his rifle slug over his shoulder using his other to support Scarlett. I tried to get up, but the pain prevented me from doing too much so I remained on the ground. Doyle walked over to me, handing Scarlett off to the two kids first, and knelt down beside me. \"Here, let me help,\" he said reaching down to me. I let him put my arm around his shoulders, lifting me halfway up. \"Ready?\" he asked. I nodded and let him help me up off the ground, slowly, as to not aggravate my ankle even more. \"Thanks,\" I said with a shaky smile. \"I'm not leaving you to walk by yourself, if that's what you're thinking,\" Doyle said. I was about to argue again with him, but right before I did sharp pain shot through my leg. I inhaled sharply and would have fallen if Doyle hadn't been at my side. \"I guess you're right,\" I gave in. Doyle smiled, \"Of course I am.\" I scoffed at his fake-egotistical remark, shifting my arm around his shoulders so I could support most of my own weight on my good leg. I stood up straight finding that it wasn't too painful, but I knew my right leg was going to be horribly sore when today was over with. That is: if we got through today alive. In only a few minutes our noticeably smaller group of Scarlett, the two kids, Sam, Doyle, and me started to walk. The kids, Scarlett, and Sam walked a little ahead of Doyle and myself who were moving slower. The pain was still sharp, but I didn't feel as if I was going to pass out which was an improvement. I brought my previously hanging head up to look at the road ahead of us. \"How the hell did this all happen?\" I sighed, hope draining along with my strength. Doyle shook his head, frowning, \"Arrogance,\" he replied simply. It was quiet, the low mumble of the group ahead of us didn't do much to fill the silence. I noticed Doyle's free arm was around my torso, helping support me even more and then I realized he really didn't think I was a burden. The sky was getting lighter turning from the pitch-black of night the lighter shade of blue-gray before dawn. The sun still hadn't come up by the time was started gaining some mileage away from the city traversing the vacant streets of London. The sheer emptiness made me uneasy even with one of the best marksman I've seen in my life at my side. I never liked empty places before the virus outbreaks, the silence made me think and more so now that wasn't what I wanted. The slow pace of our walking took stress off of my ankle, which I welcomed gladly. \"So, where are we going?\" I asked. \"Greenwich Park,\" Doyle replied. \"Flynn's going to pick us up there.\" \"I know about the park, thank God it's not too far, and will he be able to take all of us?\" \"He better be,\" Doyle said. I knew from experience, Doyle would go against orders if it meant doing the right thing. He wasn't one to do things mechanically without asking questions he would contemplate options and consequences. It had gotten him into some trouble in the past, but I never thought he had done anything truly wrong in those incidents. We walked in silence for some time before coming to a long, white bridge. \"What happened at base, why did you leave?\" Doyle asked me suddenly, casting a side glance at me. I smiled, completely caught off-guard by his question. \"I got deployed...to Afghanistan and then from there to Iraq. A few months after Iraq I was put on leave for a while until I got orders to go to Britain, that never happened of course,\" I answered keeping pace with Doyle. \"They must have liked you, I didn't get deployed to Iraq until months after you left,\" Doyle said. \"The lack of things to shoot at, the lack of the heat of battle, it was killing me.\" I scoffed, \"Of course it was.\" Silence dominated once more, and I watched the kids ahead of us link hands for a moment. I could only imagine how hard all of this was for them for both of their parents to be gone. None of this could possibly make sense to them, maybe to Tammy, but to Andy this had to be foreign. Even I could hardly understand how humans could be so... incompetent and I had been around it all my life. I'll admit I wasn't always a people person I never liked group projects in high school, or in the short year I spent in college, and I usually preferred to talk to the teachers more than the students. When I went in the military, when my mother disapproved of it so much, that made me throw up a shield around my heart. I never got close to anyone which helped me focus more but always hurt me when I realized I had no one to talk to. Then Doyle and Flynn had come into my life and changed everything. That shield had dissolved, although slowly, it soon was gone before I realized it. I started to like people more, got closer to my units when I was deployed, even though I had been pulled from the very two that made it possible for me. When my family had been killed that shield had immediately gone back up and was still there. \"Larrissa?\" Doyle's voice jarred me out of my thoughts. \"Yeah?\" \"We need to stop somewhere, for you and Scarlett to rest,\" he suggested, dropping his voice. I dropped mine to his level, almost a whisper, so as not to alert the kids, \"Don't you think that some infected made it out of the district? They'll be on our tails with that insistent running of theirs, they never get tired. We don't have the leniency.\" \"You are right, but you both need to sit, even for a few minutes...\" I tried to argue, but he cut me short. \"Don't say I'm wrong, you know you need to, you're just not going to admit it,\" he paused, \"as usual.\" I smiled, \"Fine, but only for a few minutes.\" Doyle's eyes held mine for a second before I went back to looking ahead of us. We got off the bridge, going back to traversing more of the streets. I started watching the road signs as we passed them. When I started recognizing the names I looked for one in particular. \"There,\" I said to Doyle. \"If we turn now and walk down that road,\" I motioned with my head at the road to the right. \"In a mile or so we will come up on a pretty large hotel. It's been decontaminated and searched, also, it has a large lobby with a few couches and chairs.\" Doyle gave me a questioning look, \"Do I want to know how you know all that?\" I chuckled, \"Probably not.\" \"Alright, guys, down here, come on,\" Doyle called ahead. We stopped, letting the rest of the group that was ahead of us come back to head down the new street. Doyle and I started to walk again when the others had gotten ahead. \"It's still on the way to the park, so, it won't put us back too much,\" I said. \"That's all you're worried about, isn't it?\" \"I just don't want to be caught by infected, or worse,\" I countered. \"Hey, that's not gonna happen, okay? It's not going to happen...\" Doyle said. I nodded, not fully believing him, and I knew he could see it. We didn't talk the rest of the way down the road, the sun was just beginning to rise, shooting its rays through the dull-gray clouds. A mile down the gray, abandoned road I spotted the faded sign that was hanging off the hinges of the balcony. I nodded at it to Doyle and he called out to the rest of the group. \"Stay here,\" he told me, gently sliding out of my arm so I stood on my own. He lifted the rifle from his back and slowly approached the entrance to the vacant hotel. The rest of the group stayed back too as Doyle kicked in the door, immediately turning around to make sure there were no threats. I watched the dead seriousness of the situation come to his face, something that seemed to change him into a completely different person. \"Alright, it's clear!\" I heard him call after a few minutes. He walked out of the building back to where he left me, helping me walk to the doors. Everyone else followed us into the large, white-marble lobby that was adorned with the signs of attracting rich visitors. Doyle made sure the kids let Scarlett down on one of the sofas before he walked me over to another identical one. He slowly helped me down to it even though my ankle was hardly hurting except for a dull throb. I sat on the edge of the black sofa, Doyle standing over me. \"Lay down, you need to rest, I promise I won't let us stay long,\" he told me. I didn't move, I just sat there staring past him until I felt his hands on my shoulders. \"Larrissa, lay down,\" he said slowly pushing my back to the sofa until I was laying with my back propped against the arm. I smiled gratefully, \"Thank you, my body is saying it's not safe, but my mind is screaming it's okay.\" \"I understand,\" Doyle said softly, sitting back up. \"I'm gonna go check on Scarlett, I'll be right back.\" As I stared after him when he got up that feeling I had possessed so long ago suddenly flared back up. I threw those feelings down mentally, but they came right back up. I could no longer deny it to myself; I was falling for him again. I leaned forward to re-wrap my ankle with a new bandage. With the smaller presence of blood I could see that the wound was not as bad as I first thought, that gave me hope. I knew I could run if need be and not permanently damage my ankle, though, it would still cause me loads of pain. I inhaled sharply when I tightened the bandage, the pain flared for a second before dulling. I laid back on the small couch, trying to close my eyes to sleep, but when I did the flashes of the infected, of everyone getting shot by the snipers, hit me. The pain, not from my ankle, but from my mind, from the realization of this whole screwed up mess we were in, from the memory of my family. For the children I had promised to myself to be strong, now that was slowly falling apart. Tears slipped from my tightly shut eyes that were trying to ward off the memories. I felt the couch sink under weight by my legs, I quickly opened my eyes to see Doyle sitting there. \"How's Scarlett?\" I asked in a feeble attempt to bring his focus away from me. \"She's fine. Lily, how are you ?\" he asked. \"Okay, my ankle feels better and-\" \"Not your ankle, you ,\" he repeated. \"Oh, well...I'm trying, Doyle, I really am, I want to be strong for the kids, but...\" I ran my hand over my face, not willing to let out tears in front of him. \"Hey...why don't you get some rest?\" he said softly. I took a deep breath, lying back on the couch, and swallowed my emotions. \"I can't close my eyes, every time I do the memories of my family, the infected, those poor people, it's just too much. Sleep wouldn't be refuge, it would just be worse. Why don't you rest?\" I suggested. \"Thanks, but I couldn't leave you to watch them, in case you want to sleep. You need it more than I do,\" he said. \"I'm not going to sleep, I don't want to sleep,\" I said looking around the familiar lobby. Doyle looked around as well, no doubt trying to locate exits and possible hiding places for threats. I leaned back into the sofa finally enjoying the comfort of it. \"So, if you don't want do rest, would you mind talking?\" I asked. \"No, not at all. What do you want to talk about?\" Doyle asked leaning back against the couch. This is how I usually saw him, calm and collected even when things seemed to be going to hell. He still retained an air of seriousness along with this, which made him seem even more calm. \"Why did you choose to come here?\" I started. \"Like I said, I was bored, it seemed like a good idea at the time, low threat still things to shoot at, but I was wrong, I was so wrong,\" Doyle said looking at the ground. \"Why did you come?\" I paused for a second, taken aback by his question. \"I...uh, well, I was set to be deployed to Britain and my family wanted to come a few weeks early to see London and enjoy the country...\" I started choking on my own words as I said them. \"Then the outbreak happened and...they...\" \"I'm so sorry, Lily, I had no idea,\" Doyle said softly as I tears started to roll down my face. I checked my emotions once more before continuing, \"I came here because I wanted to make sure what happened to me- to prevent the virus from tearing families apart like it had mine. I wanted to make a difference.\" \"You have, you and Scarlett both, she said you were closer to a cure,\" Doyle said. \"She lied, we are no closer to a cure than when we first started, I'm sorry.\" \"It's okay, we'll find a way...eventually.\" \"I hope you're right. So, do you have a family?\" I asked. \"If you're talking about my biological family, then yes, they're back in the United States,\" Doyle said. \"A hot shot like you always were doesn't have a wife? That's surprising,\" I said with a smile. \"Are you suggesting something, Private?\" \"No, Sergeant,\" I replied with a mock-devious smile. I laughed at myself, before seriousness came back to my composure. \"You know, all of the years I've known you, I've never once heard a first name,\" I said to him after a long pause. \"Never? Not once?\" he asked, taken by surprise. I shook my head. \"Is there a reason for that?\" I asked. \"Yeah, I don't prefer to be called by it,\" Doyle said. \"I understand, I promise I won't call you by it if if you don't want me to, I'm just curious.\" \"Will,\" he said. \"My first name is Will.\" I looked at him in confusion, \"What's wrong with your name?\" \"I was named after my grandfather, and...his name wasn't the best in the military, my parents, of course, didn't know I would go into the military, so after I got in I stopped using it.\" \"Well, I like it,\" I said. \"Not that it would mean anything.\" \"Thank you.\" \"So, exactly how long were you spying on people's night lives for your own entertainment?\" I asked. Doyle laughed, \"Not too long, but don't worry I was never able to see in your apartment, you always kept the blinds closed.\" \"Yeah, that's because when you spend a good part of your life on military bases being one of only a few women you learn some important precautions. Not that you ever did anything like that.\" Doyle nodded with a smile. Slowly, I started to drift off into unwanted sleep that seemed to engulf me. Before I could stop it I was asleep on the couch despite my many efforts to keep awake. As soon as I allowed my eyes to close, the nightmares ambushed my mind. I saw the faces of my family as I walked to them, but then I found myself running from what seemed like a hundred infected. I then found I was trapped by three never ending walls on all sides with the infected flanking me. They were on top of me when I was woken up from my nightmares. \"Larrissa...Larrissa!\" a voice called out and someone shook me. I snapped awake, noticing how hard I was breathing and how real that nightmare really had been to me. I leaned back against the couch trying to push away the memories as I saw Doyle looking at me with a worried expression. \"I see what you were talking about now,\" he said looking away. \"Ugly, isn't it?\" \"Not more than expected, bad things happen to us all, especially us, you're surely not the only one with memories I'll promise you that,\" Doyle said. \"I did get something from that nightmare, though, an idea we haven't discussed before.\" \"Yeah, what's that?\" \"What are we going to do when we lose the infected, where are we going to go?\" Doyle was silent next to me. \"See? I'm thinking we'll have to get out of Britain, maybe Europe entirely. We can't go back to base, but we can go across the ocean if we take refuge somewhere the virus hasn't reached. We go back to the U.S, warn them about the virus and work from there...I mean if we can get to America, we would have to show our IDs but it's worth a try and then-\" \"You're rambling again...\" Doyle said. \"Actually I'm just stating our options but-\" My words were promptly cut off when his lips touched mine, something that felt right in this place where nothing ever was. I didn't pull away and, instead, enjoyed the moment of pure shock that came with the realization of what was happening, a very positive type of shock. His hand gently held the back of my neck as I put both arms around his. I was taken shortly aback to the days at the training base where many sunsets were spent similarly, when I had last seen Doyle this happy and this relaxed. The moment was over far too soon though when I realized how long we had stayed in the hotel, immobile. Doyle seemed to notice as well and pulled out of the passionate kiss. \"Are you done talking?\" he asked. \"Yes, I believe I am,\" I replied with a guilty smile. \"Though, not without saying we need to move.\" \"I agree,\" Doyle said getting up from the couch at the same time I rose. I noted how Scarlett watched the two of us, knowing without a doubt she had seen what had transpired between us just now. I couldn't help but notice she did this with a slight jealous expression. \"C'mon, we need to move,\" Doyle said helping Scarlett up from the couch she sat on. The kids and Sam got up as well, Andy with a moan of irritation of having to move once more. I knew the kids were just as exhausted as we were, but we had far more ground to cover with enemies on two fronts. I was oblivious to how close our situation would get to what had occurred in my nightmare, maybe it was not a nightmare, instead, it could have actually been a premonition. A/N: Hope you enjoyed, Chapter 7 will be on its way shortly, as soon as I finish chapter 8 in fact. I am so glad for the supportive reviews I am receiving, I am happy you guys are enjoying my story. I'll upload 7 asap :)[Chapter 7] A/N: Happy Thanksgiving to all:) here is some reading to go with your turkey or what have you...I am well into chapter 9 and am very happy on how its turning out. Thanks for all the comments, as are always appreciated so any thoughts you have id love to hear them :P Anyway here it is- Chapter 7- The Best Way to Kill Zombies The gray light of morning still dominated the skies when we left the hotel. Doyle and Scarlett walked in front now, with Sam and the kids following and me bringing up the rear. I was glad to be in the back with some sense of privacy to really think about what had just happened. It was so much like at the base, before I had been separated from Doyle and Flynn. My past with Doyle, especially, was that I had fallen for him before, maybe I never recovered from that fall, but I knew that I had loved him before. That's why it felt right -it always had- he had been there for me when I was just getting used to a completely new lifestyle of which intimidated me. He made things easier on me, speaking to me from experience and helping me forget about troubles I had left behind. After I had been deployed, without even getting a last good-bye to Doyle, it was as if my relationships with anyone else ever again were over. I never found anyone who knew me like he did which is why I turned to books to fill my little spare time. Now, he was back in my life, but in a time that I truly needed him. I was so into my thoughts I hardly noticed Andy falling back a few feet to walk beside me. I smiled at him when I did notice and he returned the gesture. I kept up my half-walk-half-limp pace as we rounded a street corner with a McDonald's golden arch on the sign. The slightly shy boy was still walking next to me not saying a word, he hadn't taken too much interest in me, only Doyle, so I wondered why all of a sudden he would decide to walk beside me. In seconds I knew the answer to my own question. \"You love him, don't you?\" Andy asked me suddenly in a quiet voice. I looked ahead at Doyle, whose back was to me. \"Why would you say that?\" I thought I had made efforts to avoid the kids noticing. \"I see the way you look at him, it's the same way my mother used to look at Dad,\" he replied. Doyle turned his head to look back at me, giving me a small wink before looking back ahead. I knew he was checking to make sure my ankle wasn't impairing my ability to walk fast, he would make sure I was safe. \"Then, yes, I do love him,\" I whispered to Andy in a playful way, \"but you can't tell anyone, okay?\" \"Okay, I promise I won't,\" he replied. I smiled at the little boy as he trotted up a few steps to go back to keeping pace with his sister. It pained me to see these two children pulled into a mess such as this at their young ages, Tammy a little less so than Andy, but for them to have seen so much suffering I knew they couldn't easily recover from it once this was over. We rounded another street corner that led down another long road, but this one ended in an iron gate. I saw Doyle looking to both sides of the road, which was surrounded by trees, no doubt looking for any signs of the infected as we approached the gate. He handed Scarlett off to the two kids, grabbing his rifle with one hand while he opened the gate slowly with the other. He stood by the gate, still looking around, as the rest of us walked through, me being the last before Doyle to go through. He shut the gate behind him and walked beside me the rest of the way. The narrow passage behind the gate soon opened up into a vast field of tall, green grass and weeds for many miles in either direction. The ground was littered with a a few train cars and the chilling remains of an actual park; a full merry-go-round remained along with a few small swing sets and scattered lawn chairs all over the grass. The place had a sense that it was left very suddenly and that unnerved me. The two kids immediately ran for the swings. \"Stay close,\" Doyle ordered. He was helping Scarlett again taking her over to the merry-go-round and sitting her down on the raised floor of it. Sam wandered off to the side of the structure, I soon lost sight of him. I sat down on the merry-go-round as well, but farther away from Scarlett, not wanting to make her feel uncomfortable. I stared ahead, only jumping when I heard the distant barking of dogs that I quickly brushed away as nothing. I saw Doyle walking around the other side of the merry-go-round with his rifle in his hands for no discernible reason. He came up behind me and then walked over toward Scarlett. I unwrapped the bandage from my ankle, propping my leg up on the ride so I could re-wrap it again. Walking had loosened it and I knew we would eventually have to run again because the infected couldn't be too far behind us by now, so I wanted the bandage to be tight to help support my weight when I ran. \"You look a little pale,\" I heard Scarlett say as she re-wrapped her own bandage. \"Blood makes me nauseous,\" Doyle replied. I was too close not to hear their conversation, but I looked out over the fields while I listened. \"You never answered my question,\" Scarlett said. In the corner of my eye I saw Doyle sit down next to her, rifle still in-hand. \"About why you left your post,\" Scarlett continued. \"I got that boy on my sights,\" Doyle said. \"He's not a target anymore.\" There was a long pause between them, but I hardly noticed because I was scanning the area, looking for any sign of the infected. One second with our guard down could mean the end, all we had to do was make it until Flynn contacted us again. After that, all that was left was to figure out where we were going to go to take refuge. A slight breeze started blowing, however, even through it I could hear Doyle's chilling words. \"It's all fucked,\" he said. \"You hear it all over the radios, we're fucked.\" There was another pause where I actually looked toward them and I could see that Doyle's devil-may-care attitude was waining, he looked worried. \"Anyway,\" he said trying to break the silence, \"Why the hell are you here?\" \"Their mother,\" Scarlett replied, \"had very special blood, a natural kind-of immunity to the virus. And not all genetic traits are passed on, you know, they can skip a generation or vanish all together, but...\" \"But they might have it,\" Doyle said more than asked. \"It's a possibility. So, their lives are far more valuable than mine...or yours.\" \"I got it.\" Damned if I didn't want to personally go over and knock Scarlett clean out for that little line of hers. I noticed how this journey had changed her, and I did understand the kids lives were important, but without Doyle we would all be dead, including the kids. Next time, she could keep it to herself, if there was a next time. Doyle stood up, replacing his earpiece as he moved away from the merry-go-round. I knew Flynn must have contacted him. \"Flynn, go,\" Doyle said. When I knew that I was very attentive to Doyle's reactions to Flynn's words after a long pause, but he revealed nothing. \"Give me an ETA,\" Doyle said. There was a short pause. \"Minutes?\" Doyle asked in confusion. In the second Flynn took to reply I saw Doyle's facial expression change to one of horrible shock. He jerked his head around to look over one of the hills rising in the field, that's when I knew something was wrong. \"Kids, come on!\" he called, motioning for them to come back. I quickly got up from where I was sitting and held the rifle I possessed in one of my hands. \"Doyle, what the hell is going on?\" I asked, my tone shaking. He dropped his voice very low as the kids ran up toward us, \"You were right. They're coming...now.\" Those six words sent shock-waves through me, jarring my senses to their full awareness and preparing me to run like hell, we would have to in order stay alive in the minutes that would follow. Once our group has reassembled closer together we ran through the dead grass toward the slight hill that rose in front of us. We didn't get too far before we saw figures at the top of the hill..tons of them, tons of infected. Doyle stopped, still helping Scarlett, and then turned back to us after looking at the infected a few hundred feet away. \"Get down,\" Doyle said, his voice quiet. \"Down, down!\" The six of us dropped to the ground, laying flat so that the tall grass shrouded us. I admitted to myself that I was scared, which I usually never did because admitting that made me lose my senses. This time I wouldn't let that happen, too much was at stake. Doyle looked back at the rest of us, holding his finger against his lips in a silent order for us to stay quiet. He started to slowly crawl forward in the grass with his rifle in his hands, but stopped after a few inches. Suddenly, I heard the unmistakable sound of helicopter blades cutting through the air. I looked up to see the chopper angle down toward the grass, blowing the blades aside and leaving us exposed. The wind whipped violently around us, the sound deafening, but nevertheless I was glad Flynn was here even if the large military chopper drew attention to us. Flynn hovered the helicopter a few feet off the ground and Doyle ran up to the side of it. They yelled back and forth, but their words were lost in the whirring of the blades. All of a sudden Sam got up, screaming for them to get him out and running at the helicopter. He grabbed onto the skids of the chopper, which made Flynn go berserk, pulling the helicopter to the side trying to shake Sam off. I flattened myself against the ground as the helicopter spun wildly in the air. Flynn drove it back, away from us and toward the infected, now I knew the infected would be after us. I put my rifle in both hands, making sure it was loaded and ready to be fired because I would need it very soon. Doyle stood next to me as we beheld the mass group of infected that were running right at us, and fast. \"Flynn, we're gonna fucking die down here, do something!\" Doyle yelled into his earpiece. Flynn angled the helicopter toward the group of infected, tipping the nose down so that the blades were close to the ground. I watched in awe and in shock as the blades tore into the infected, ripping a large portion of them apart. I didn't watch for very long, though, because soon Doyle grabbed my arm, pulling me up from the ground. \"Get up, get up! Run! Move it!\" Doyle yelled to Scarlett and the kids. Doyle quickly grabbed Scarlett and we started to run as if our lives depended on it, and they did. We ran through the tall grass, I could hear that some infected were behind us. The adrenaline that was going through me kept my ankle from hurting, so I put myself in front of the kids, hoping to guide them in the best way away from this mess. \"Don't look back! Keep going!\" Doyle yelled. I could hear the infected getting closer before Doyle even made it obvious. I looked back as he cursed and turned around to face the oncoming threat. \"Keep going!\" he yelled lifting the rifle up to his shoulder. I kept running, but was basically running backwards because I was looking back at Doyle. He shot the closest infected with the precise accuracy I'd always seen him possess. As fast as he had turned around he ran back after us, going to Scarlett to help her run, which was being slowed by her injury. We continued to run through the grass, still being chased by a number of infected. Our chances of escaping Britain alive were getting smaller and smaller with each step we took. I did love this part in the movie and my exact thought on the helicopter's second use was the title of the chapter minus the word genius. Thanks Flynn for that awesome scene XP and I am sad to say I am about to enter some serious couple days of straight-up homework so, sry but updates may not come until after the 27th sry again, but hope you enjoyed this chapter. Thats all folks! Have a good Thanksgiving![Chapter 8] A/N: On the eve of the end of the world (3 mins before 12am on the 21 st) , I deliver you the most fitting chapter XD i'm really kidding, I don't believe this stuff no offense to anyone. Well here you are Chapter 8- Cataclysm Still running like hell, we were quickly coming up to another gate. I ran through it first, stopping a few feet past it and lifted my rifle up. Everyone else hit the ground as Doyle and I faced the remaining infected that were chasing us. I shot the first one, but before I could even aim at another Doyle had shot the other two. I had forgotten that behind that never-failing accuracy was deadly speed. \"Nice shooting,\" Doyle said. I now saw that he was kneeling as well, and I replied with a wavering smile, replacing my rifle over my back. \"Flynn, come in. Flynn, goddammit, I know you can hear me! Fuck the Code Red, fuck the chain of command, I'm stuck out here and need an extraction goddammit! You better fucking be there because we will be,\" Doyle said angrily into his earpiece. I had never seen him so angry before, and added that it was at Flynn made it even worse. I was breathing heavily, but my ankle wasn't hurting yet, I had a feeling once the adrenaline faded away I wouldn't be able to walk. Right now I was just focused on us getting out alive, we would still need Flynn for that. \"Hey, you okay?\" Doyle asked Andy, helping him off the ground. The boy nodded. \"Yeah? Bet you're tired?\" Doyle said. Andy nodded again. \"Yeah? Me too. Okay, I need you to help me, okay? Help me with your sister, you got that?\" He continued to nod. I jumped as I heard the horrible screams of infected once more. I saw many more infected rounding the corner just before the gait \"Damn it don't they ever end!\" I yelled in frustration. \"Come on, gotta go, gotta go,\" Doyle said getting up along with Andy. \"Go, go, go, go!\" Doyle yelled to the rest of us. I started running, Doyle helped Scarlett up once more while Tammy got up and ran with Andy at her side. I ran like I had never run before, injured or not, there were tons of infected running after us with a speed that wasn't human. We were running down vacant streets again, narrowing the places we could escape or get away from the infected. As we rounded another corner I heard Doyle's gun fire again and turned my head to see Scarlett trying to run, but ending up in a sort of lope from her injury. My anxiety was out of control as we ran down the streets, Doyle had reconnected with Scarlett again and my focus shifted on protecting the children. Time seemed to slow around me as we came down a street littered with debris and a single abandoned car, it was a narrower one of the streets. I was so caught up in running I hardly noticed what was ahead of us down the street. I stopped dead in my tracks at the same time Scarlett yelled. \"Gas!\" she yelled. \"Get back! Its coming, get back!\" \"Shit!\" I hissed at the same time. \"Gas!\" Doyle yelled at the kids. The ominous, white billowing clouds of nerve gas seemed to be coming right at us, chasing us. Now I realized my nightmare's truthfulness, we were surrounded. The infected were behind us, the gas in front and walls blocking the sides. The kids ran past me back to where Doyle and Scarlett had likewise stopped I their tracks. \"Come on! Get in the car!\" Doyle yelled, looking over his shoulder at the kids and me. My head buzzed and my body wasn't listening to it, I couldn't do anything I needed to properly. We all frantically pulled on the car's door handles, trying to open any of them quickly. The trunk was open and Doyle put Andy into it, closing the door once he was in. Tammy managed to open the driver's side door and climbed through it into the back seat beside Andy. Doyle and I were the last to get in, I climbed through the passenger's side into the backseat next to the window with Tammy next to me. Doyle climbed in the passenger's seat and closed the door behind him. Just as he did the infected reached us, only seconds before the nerve gas did, however. \"Lock the doors!\" I yelled. I locked the door next to me, Andy locking the door across the car. Doyle and Scarlett did likewise before Doyle noticed something important. \"The vents, get the vents!\" Doyle yelled. He and Scarlett closed the air vents that were seeping gas through from outside. I took the collar of my black shirt and pulled it up around my nose and mouth. Everyone else in the car was doing the same, except for Doyle, who was trying to reach a piece of cloth on the dashboard. Finally he pulled his own shirt up over his mouth and nose. What happened next was complete terror, the whole group of infected were banging on the car trying to get in. I could hear their muffled noises as they scratched at the windows all around the car. Tammy was screaming in the back next to me, not helping the situation at all. The gas shrouded the car in a white-gray cloud of panic, the infected still kept banging on the car and covering the windows with blood. I flinched away from the window every time one of the infected hit it, trying to stay out of eyesight, not that they cared. In seconds only a few infected still remained to bang on the car, the rest had fallen victim to the nerve gas and were most likely on the ground dead. I finally breathed after the last of the infected slid off the car on the ground, but we certainly weren't out of the woods yet. Only then did Scarlett actually try to start the car, which was met with a resounding sputter of the engine. \"It won't start,\" Scarlett said. \"We're going to be fine, alright, just keep trying, keep trying,\" Doyle said. He was the only reason I wasn't in a complete fit of panic right now. Scarlett again tried to start the car, but again it failed. She tried once more with the same result. \"Come on, keep trying,\" Doyle said. \"It won't start!\" Scarlett said in a panicked voice. I saw Doyle look up in the rear-view mirror and followed his gaze. Coming out of the cloud of gas were three shady figures that were soon followed by bursts of flames. Doyle looked back out of the rear window of the car, trying to get a better look at the figures. \"It won't start,\" Scarlett repeated again. \"Alright,\" Doyle said in a level voice, so level that it scared me. \"Put your foot on the clutch.\" Scarlett jammed her foot on the clutch. \"Alright, you pop the clutch when I tell you. You get them to the stadium,\" Doyle said. \"Doyle, don't you dare get out of the fucking car!\" I cried out, tears starting to form I my eyes when I realized what he was thinking. \"Please don't, we'll make it out, we will, just please...\" \"Larrissa, I have to, okay? I'll be fine, they're coming, we have to get out of here now ,\" Doyle said looking back at me. \"No! Doyle, they'll..\" \"Hey, it's going to be fine, okay? Okay?\" \"No...please,\" I cried. He leaned further back, pulling his shirt down off of his face for a second as he stopped my cries with a kiss, but the tears still flooded my eyes. \"Keep your head down,\" Doyle said to Andy and Tammy, pulling his shirt back over his mouth. He sat back in the seat, situating his rifle beside him, looking over at Scarlett. \"I'll meet you there,\" Doyle said. Time froze as Doyle opened the door and quickly got out, shutting the door behind him. I knew he had lied seconds after, seeing he had left his rifle in the seat, he wasn't planning on coming back. Enraged and panicking, I unlocked the door beside me and burst out of it just as Doyle went past it. I slammed the door shut once I was out. \"Lily! Get back in the car!\" Doyle yelled. \"Not unless you do!\" I cried back. I took one step and everything fell apart. Something grabbed my injured ankle, knocking me off my feet, slamming me down on the hard road. I gave a shrill scream when I looked back and saw it was one of the infected, still partially alive. \"Doyle!\" I screamed as the infected dug its teeth into my ankle. His eyes widened, taking his sidearm from the holster around his leg, he shot the infected twice, killing it. I pulled my ankle away, but I knew nothing would matter now, I was going to die or worse, become infected. I sobbed uncontrollably, choking on my tears when I saw that Doyle was standing there, looking at me with saddened eyes. \"Please,\" I pleaded softly. \"Don't let me become one of them, don't let me kill people. Please, kill me.\" Doyle's face wrinkled in a frown, his eyes were glazed over with tears, but he wasn't crying. He slowly shook his head, throwing the sidearm far away from both of us. \"I can't do that, Lily,\" he said. \"I love you.\" My strength was already sapping, so I knew I better admit it quickly, there was certainly no time for dramatic pauses. \"I love you, too.\" He looked at me once more with a grim expression before quickly turning and starting to try to push-start the car. I laid on the ground, my head turned sideways so I could keep my eyes on Doyle. I felt horrible, begging for mercy, trying to take the cheaters way out, but then again, I only wanted him to stop me before I could harm innocent people. I breathed heavily as my mind started to get blurry, at the same time my thoughts started to become distant and did not seem like my own. I saw the bursts of fire getting closer and closer, making what remained of my thoughts focused on worrying over Doyle. I saw him cast one last glance over at me before I felt the tug of unconsciousness at my body, blacking out in seconds. Well, there it is, hope you enjoyed. The End. I'm kidding,I'm kidding, XD don't worry chapter 9 is on the way...if the world doesn't end before I have a chance to write it haha, that would suck I hate not finishing my ideas lol. Anyway its coming soon guys thanks for reading[Chapter 9] I am so so so so so so so so (you get the point) sorry for this! I completely forgot I had a chapter before the one i've been working on! Besides that I have been slammed with stupid homework for weeks on end X.X so here is the next chapter very long over-due Chapter 9- Coming Home I walked through the familiar halls of my own home, the bright, summer sunlight beaming through the light curtains. I looked around, taking in the warm feeling I got whenever I stood in the living room that hadn't been in for the longest time. I breathed in the delicious smell of freshly-baked pastries my mother was so famous for. Upstairs I heard laughter, a young child's laughter, something that struck me harder than anything else here. Without a second thought I bolted up the stairs that lay past the living room and down the upstairs hallway to the last door on the left. What laid behind the door sent a chill through me, bringing tears to my eyes. \"Aliza?\" I said in shock, my voice becoming a squeak. The little girl around the age of twelve that was staring back at me resembled a younger version of myself. A wide smile spread across her small, finely-featured face. \"Lily!\" she exclaimed. In the few seconds it took me to cross the distance between us, she was in my arms laughing happily. I ran my hand through her long, brown hair absorbing every second of radiance when I was near her. Tears started to form in my eyes, tears of joy. \"I missed you so much,\" I said. \"Why? It's only been a couple weeks, right?\" Aliza asked innocently as I put her down. I went to think back, to count up the weeks since I had seen her last, only to find I could not remember. \"Lily?\" \"I'm fine, I just didn't realize how short it had been, I missed you so much, I worried about you.\" \"You didn't have to, I'm safe with Mom and Dad,\" she said. The thought of seeing my parents again brought back the same feeling that I had been missing them for a while, but, again, I could not remember why. In fact, I could not remember anything before walking through my house. A gold tint seemed to be radiating from the house, making everything a warm color. Aliza and I walked hand-in-hand down the stairs and out to the wrap-around porch outside the house. I could see across the yard our five-stall barn that cast its shadow over the house. Even outside everything seemed to be bathed in the gold light, but the source -I could see- was the sun setting at the far horizon lined with trees. Sitting down on the suspended porch swing Aliza moved next to me, looking up at me with sparkling eyes. \"Where are Mom and Dad?\" I asked her , not seeing my parents around the farm. \"They went into town, they should be back soon,\" Aliza said resting her head on my shoulder. \"Wanna take Catalyst and Terra out?\" I smiled for what felt like the first time in a long space I couldn't remember. \"Of course,\" I replied. We raced across the barnyard to the barn where I grabbed my beautiful, black Arabian mare while Aliza grabbed her dark bay Trakehner mare. My sister was the first to finish tacking up because of her mare's compliance to the bit and the lack with mine. When I finally managed to get Catalyst to take the bit we mounted and headed over the small, grassy hill behind the barn. I could tell Catalyst wanted to extend, which was all the more reason to hold her back to stay with Aliza. The black mare was still a little green, however I could tell she would end up being a solid horse later. \"Wanna race?\" Aliza said trotting Terra up next to me. \"Sure,\" I laughed. \"One...two...three!\" On three I sat deep in my English saddle, squeezing my legs against Catalyst's sides. She sprung forward in an extended canter already anticipating my actions and wanting to go faster anyway. Even as the strong Arab picked up speed I could still hear Terra on our flank. I couldn't deny that my sister was a very good rider, something she had worked very hard for. Our horses then went nose-to-nose, stretching their noses out like trained Thoroughbreds to gain a lead. We made it to the top of the hill with Catalyst in the lead, I patted her on the neck, pulling the mare back. Aliza was laughing gleefully beside me also praising her horse. \"That was fun!\" she exclaimed. \"Mhm,\" I agreed, but my focus was on the beautiful landscape below the hill. For miles the treetops were coated in an orange-pink hue, the tops glinting in the waning sunlight like a thousand gold pieces. The temperature still remained mild, I could not feel a wind, yet the trees below rustled their leaves as if touched by a breeze. A lone eagle soared high in the sky above our heads. \"I'd almost forgotten how beautiful it is up here,\" I said. The sun was starting to disappear, Aliza sat beside to me on Terra, when my sister decided to drop a bomb on the perfect moment. \"You have to go back,\" she stated simply, her eyes fixed ahead of us. I looked over to see if she would reveal anything, but her eyes never made contact with mine. \"What?\" I asked in confusion. \"Larrissa, really think about this, you know what happened to me, you know I'm dead,\" Aliza said. A chill ran through me when I registered her words that hollowed me out inside. \"No,\" I said in denial. \"Lil, you know what happened to Mom, Dad, and me. You know what happened in Britain, you know all of that is real, this...this isn't . You have to go back, you have to wake up,\" Aliza said looking at me now, her sparkling, blue eyes fixed on mine. \"What?\" I managed in a near whisper. At that time the memories that had once been veiled from me exploded in my head all at once. My family had been killed, all three of them, by the infected, an outbreak had started again in the safe zone. I and a few others had escaped, one them being Doyle, Doyle who had gotten out of the car to save us from the body-burners. I hadn't let him do it though, I had jumped out of the car after him and the last thing I could remember was being bitten by one of the infected. \"You're asleep and if you don't wake up soon you won't wake up at all. You can still make a difference,\"Aliza said after she saw me trying to think. \"How?\" \"You'll have to see for yourself, but you will,\" my sister said with maturity that far surpassed her age. I didn't want to admit to her that I probably had nothing to live for anymore if I went back. I had no idea what state the world would be in or how long I had been asleep. I didn't even know if I would have my sanity and, above all things, if I would even be human anymore. For the first time since I'd seen her here, I cast my eyes away from my sister, tears sliding away from my eyes. \"I'll go,\" I said softly. \"I just want you to know that I'm sorry, I never should have let you guys go to England without me.\" \"How is that your fault? Lily, one thing I want you to do for me when you get back is to stop blaming yourself for everything.\" I smiled, \"Okay, and, Liza?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Know that I love you very, very much and I wish that I could have spent more time with you,\" I said holding back a quiver in my voice. \"I love you too.\" After I heard those words I shifted my thoughts to trying to wake myself up, which proved to be a harder task than I expected. Eventually darkness engulfed me and my mind became filled with more peaceful thoughts. I was able to open my eyes slowly, my vision remaining blurry and unfocused. My head throbbed as if I'd just woken from a nap that had been too long, one that did more harm to exhaustion than good. My hearing was horrible, but I could make out a few sounds that I barely recognized of those consistent with a hospital. When my eyes finally focused I could see that I was, in fact, in a hospital bed with machines surrounding me. I could feel dried trails from tears snaking down my face that felt tight when I blinked, what I had imagined hadn't been just my imagination it had to have been something more. I looked around carefully, for I still had no clue where exactly I was yet I didn't want to speak to anyone, not now. My mind was still trying to sort out what I could last remember about my life, even though the talk with my sister jarred most of it, I could barely remember the details of what happened before I woke up. There were two possibilities running through my mind, either Scarlett, the kids, and Doyle got away or they were all dead, I didn't want to think about the latter. Listening for a few minutes I caught mentions of \"the virus\" in the hallways outside, but they were hushed whispers barely audible. Now I knew things weren't any different, no one had found a cure yet and my guess was there were still a good number of infected running around. A few minutes later a slender, tall man in a white doctor's coat walked into the room with a gentle smile on his face. He had bright, green eyes and his short cut, dirty-blond hair was parted down the side without any visible strand out of place. \"Welcome back, Miss Caine,\" he said, his voice having a slightly British accent. \"It's good to see you're awake.\" \"Thanks,\" I said a little unsure how to respond. \"I'm Lieutenant Christopher Redding, I'm a doctor here at the military hospital, I've been caring for you ever since you were brought in,\" he said obviously trying to make things less odd between us. \"Exactly how long have I been here?\" I asked. \"Two weeks, you were in a coma for that long, but you came out of it two days ago,\" he replied. I hadn't expected the time I was under to have been so long, a few days, yes, but a few weeks , it really hadn't seemed that long. Then the worst memory I had came back into my mind, making my eyes widen as I looked up at the doctor. \"Did they run any tests on me?\" I asked. \"Of course they did, you came in from an infected zone. Don't worry, you're fine, there's absolutely nothing seriously wrong with you,\" he said. \"Where are we, what country?\" I asked. \"The United States, welcome home Miss Caine,\" the doctor replied. Under a portion of the white lab coat that had fallen off his shoulder I saw the Delta company symbol on his uniform. \"Where did they find me?\" I asked. \"Actually, I found you, Miss Caine, my team was following up the burners and I saw you on the ground next to a group of dead infected. I saw that you were alive, I could tell you were not one of them either, I managed to convince them to let me save you. I was curious how someone could be in that zone around other infected and not be infected themselves.\" I already had an answer to his curiosity, but I wasn't about to let anyone know about it, not until I knew I could trust him. \"How did you convince them with the virus outbreaking again?\" \"When your family provides important funding for the response teams you can pull a few strings,\" he replied. I smiled at his comment, knowing the importance of money in times like these. \"You were originally treated for a gunshot wound, you were lucky, whoever shot at you missed,\" he said preparing to leave. \"He never missed, his heart just wasn't in it,\" I mumbled, knowing the only probability to explain the bullet wound. I sat, a few hours later, on the edge of the hospital bed deep in thought. The first thing I had done when the doctor had left was look in a mirror, my eyes remained their normal light blue, both of them. I knew I had been bitten by one of the infected right before I passed out, but everything so far pointed away from that. I wasn't running around on a rampage trying to kill anyone, my eyes were the same color, and I wasn't dead. No matter how hard I tried to pull my mind away from my last memories before being bitten, my mind kept grasping on to Doyle. I desperately needed to know what happened to him and the others without it I might go crazy. Nurses came in at equal lapses in time and made sure I was still okay, or so I assumed, they checked on me then left. The rest of the day I never saw the lieutenant from Delta, who might be able to tell me the one thing that was driving me over the edge. I laid back down on the bed late in the night, closing my eyes and finally being able to think about sleeping without imminent danger surrounding me. When I woke later that morning, which I could tell by the position of the sun through the window by my bedside, I felt much stronger than the day before. I ate the food that had been left on a table next to the bed, still contemplating my current situation. Short of a miracle, there was no medical explanation to why I wasn't infected and why people weren't using me as a lab rat because of such. If I was immune it would be my blood being drawn to try to create a cure, but it wasn't. Then it occurred to me that it could be possible they didn't know I'd been bitten in the first place, which ruled out the \"I'm a carrier\" theory running through my head, with this in mind I resolved not to tell anyone about my current theories. Being fully immune was like nothing I'd ever crossed before when I was working to find a cure and it had never crossed my mind to test my own blood against the virus. Once this notion reached my mind I immediately felt \"survivor's guilt,\" or some twisted form of it, I couldn't believe I'd never thought of doing that first, especially after we had admitted the children's mother and found that partial-immunity to the virus was possible. We could have been working on a cure from my blood so long ago, we could have saved so many people and maybe even stopped the second outbreak. Finally, something deep inside of me screamed to the surface for this to cease, I couldn't blame myself for something I had no knowledge of. But what I could do was take what I knew now and work to end this, which would be hard; I needed to stay out of the military's and everyone else's eyes or I would become a lab rat. I had to be careful. Toward noon that day I finally saw Dr. Redding again, but decided to address a less serious question than I had previously considered. I watched him check the clipboard in his hands before he looked at me and then once again back to the clipboard. \"I feel bad for not asking before, but, what state are we in now?\" I asked him. \"Well, Europe is completely unsafe. The infected from the outbreak at District One, the Safe Zone in Britain, reached Paris and it all went downhill from there. Asia managed to keep out any infected until they had their boarders sealed just as securely as ours, but we figured they are much less safe than we are. At least we have some ocean between us and, so far as we know, the infected can't swim too well,\" Redding said with a hint of humor. I considered his words, not at all shocked about how fast things had turned to the worst. I knew that, soon, I would have to ask about Doyle and the others, I was too curious. I made small talk with him as he checked on whatever it was he had come to see me for, he never made it known to me. \"So, when can I be cleared and start working on beating this again?\" I asked. \"Soon, I promise,\" he said with an amused smile. He left the room for a few minutes and when he came back I decided I'd avoided the inevitable for too long. \"You're Delta, correct?\" I asked. \"Yeah, why?\" \"Did you know Sergeant William Doyle?\" I asked, my voice shaky. \"Yes, I did, quite well actually,\" he asked with confusion in his voice. I looked out of the window, taking a deep breath, before I could continue. \"Do you know what happened to him? I was with him and another, a Medical Officer named Scarlett, and two kids. We escaped District One together at the time of the outbreak, Scarlett and I were working to find a cure and we managed to get out with the others...we were being chased by infected right before you found me. That's when I lost track of them, when I passed out I mean, and I haven't heard of or seen them since.\" The doctor's expression completely changed, he cast his eyes away from me and motioned for me to sit. \"I really shouldn't tell you,\" he said. \"If you tell me what happened to my friends, I will tell you what really happened to me before you found me,\" I said figuring if he told me what happened to them I could trust him enough. I sat down on the edge of the bed, Redding taking a seat next to me. I suspected the worse, by the way he was acting, something I didn't want to believe, but had to accept. \"My small medical team always follows the burners after they clear the infected zones to make sure it's safe for the sanitation teams to come in. After the burners made their rounds, well, that's when I found you...\" \"Was there a car there? Scarlett and the two kids were in a car, Doyle got out to try to push-start it, I followed him,\" I said. \"I don't know about the woman and the kids, but there wasn't a car anywhere near you.\" \"And Doyle?\" He cast his eyes down to the floor, \"I tried to stop them, but they were ordered to burn everything in that area. Anything that moved was assumed to be one of the infected...I...\" Suddenly what he was hinting at added up in my head and my heart dropped when I realized this. \"Oh my God...they...they burned him,\" I muttered in shock and pain. \"I am so sorry, I tried to stop them, but they didn't hear me,\" I could hear the true regret in his voice. \"It wasn't your fault,\" I said trying to keep my composure, which wasn't working too well. \"Will you be alright?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" I lied. Once the doctor took his leave I collapsed on the bed, sobbing uncontrollably. Everyone I'd ever cared about ended up dead way before their time, I felt as if I ever got close to anyone again it would end up the same. I had been preparing myself for the worst news when I'd asked, but it hadn't really done much, the news struck me like a lightning bolt of reality. I had no one. When I was finally able to stop crying my face was hot and my eyes were swollen. I walked into the small bathroom at the end of my room, washing my face with cool water in an attempt to take my mind off things. I wanted to think of anything else right now, anything besides what I had been told recently. I had no clue what I was going to do now and that scared me. Until now my life had always had purpose; finding a cure, that is what I was driven by, protecting people. Now the people who I was trying to protect, who had also be protecting me, they were all dead. I looked at my reflection in the water filling the sink, a healing cut above my eyebrow was the only evidence left from the fight to escape. I could see, even in the shaky picture, my eyes were red and puffy, something that made them appear more sapphire-colored than light blue. What had I become? Lost, yes, but not completely without purpose as I had concluded earlier. I realized I had to fight to defend the rest of humanity from falling victim to the one thing that had destroyed me inside, I had to keep fighting the virus, I had to find a cure. Told you chapt 8 wasn't the end }) hope you liked my little continuation, I just couldn't let go of this fanfic just yet. Although I will admit how my OC was rescued is a little weak, (don't...don't question it XD) it was all I could think of at the moment. Anyway chapter 10 is almost done because I am so very smart * sarcasm * for not uploading this chapter when it was done a month ago XP[Chapter 10] Holy crap, guys, I am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sorry that I haven't posted in FOREVER , school was killer but thank God its over for now! One of the first things I did was finish this chapter, so here it is, hope you don't hate me for making you wait so long XD Chapter 10- Just A Little Late As promised, the next day Dr. Redding checked up on me and I started to tell him the truth about what had really happened before he found me lying in the road. I told him much more though, starting from the outbreak in the Safe Zone, why it had happened in the first place, continuing through our attempted escape from London. I included every detail, summed up every important conversation that I could remember, after all, this man saved my life and I felt I owed him that much. He never asked any questioned, I could tell he was really listening to my words, especially when I got to the infected biting the hell out of my ankle. When I finished he looked puzzled at the fact he was even in the same room with me and not being killed. Then I learned it was all a front. \"I knew you were immune, Miss Caine,\" he said. \"What?\" I replied even more confused than he had looked. \"I knew the second I saw you lying next to the infected, that's why I wanted to save you besides the fact it was the right thing to do. I put up the gunshot wound lie to the others so they would even consider taking you back.\" Doyle never shot me, then, I thought as he said this. \"Then why did you let me tell you all of that? Why did you act as if you didn't know I could be carrying the virus in the first place?\" I asked. \"I wanted you to tell me yourself, to feel I was worthy of your trust to know something so vital to your safety,\" he replied. \"What's going to happen to me now?\" I asked. \"Now that you admit you know this?\" \"Nothing, its between you and me, no one else.\" I looked at him with a small smile, seeing in his eyes he was telling the truth. I thought since now that I was on the mend I would be court martialed for my actions in Britain, for deserting, but apparently that wasn't going to happen. I spent the rest of the day theorizing with Redding, who provided me with normal clothes so I could walk the hospital with him. He told me it was about time I start getting out of that room anyway, that I still needed to stay here for a few more days at least so he could make sure the virus didn't develop in me. We threw countless theories at one another of which none were able to withstand deep reasoning. As we walked through the cold, white hospital I heard even more whisperings about the virus than I had outside my room. Many nurses were the carriers of these whispers, but also the ones assuring the sick and wounded that the virus was not much of a threat in the U.S. I knew this to be true because of Redding's words and I also knew that right now everything may seem okay but it couldn't last. Suddenly, my mind flashed back to Britain when I had thought near the same thing, but I was standing still in the polished hallway. \"Larrissa?\" I heard Redding say, but he sounded so far away. I quickly broke out of the bonds of my mind, shaking my head as if shaking away the thought. \"Hmm?\" \"Are you alright?\" \"Yeah, sorry, just thinking.\" \"Okay,\" he said, but in his voice I could here his skepticism. We continued to walk through the hospital, every minute making me feel better that I wasn't stuck in the small room. Just as I thought there was no possible explanation for my immunity, Scarlett's words and one of the most basic facts dealing with genetics hit me. Then, logical reason kicked in and made me think out my idea, developing my way of approaching Redding with this completely radical thought. \"It's happened before,\" I stated. Redding stopped ahead of me and turned around. \"I'm sorry, what's happened when?\" he asked. \"The virus, they never knew where it came from before those monkeys in that lab, right?\" \"...Right,\" he answered in confusion. \"What if the virus happened before, before as in before it would have been written down in any history. It could have happened multiple times before genetics were affected and a full immunity to the virus emerged. That's the only probable explanation for how strong my immunity is. Traits can skip generations, which could explain why my parents did have it, and variation could explain why my sister didn't have it either. I know its a long shot for an explanation, but its about the only thing I haven't considered yet,\" I said. \"Your statement is sound, Larrissa, it's a probability,\" Redding said. \"After all, you did study the virus before me.\" \"We weren't even close...\" I said trailing off. \"Hey, its not your fault.\" he said, \"It's getting late, you should probably get some rest, we can start working on this problem tomorrow, alright?\" I nodded, turning back toward my room, feeling exhausted even though I had no reason to be. Something told me that my continued exhaustion was somehow related to my possible immunity to the virus or my extended stay in a coma, I hoped it was the latter. As I took a shower scenes of the chaos in Britain flashed in front of my eyes making me feel dizzy enough to have to stand still under the water and let them pass. It effected me, though, once again making me think of all the things that went wrong before I stopped myself with the thought that there was nothing I could have done. I didn't even believe my own lie, for that is what I took it as, a lie . There was so much we could have done if only we had warned base sooner, let the General kill that woman. I stopped myself again, screaming inside to stop putting blame where it didn't belong. I stepped out of the shower, dried my hair, and put on a pair of sweatpants and a soft, black V-neck top that had been brought to me earlier. I laid in the bed, that somehow got made-up while I was out with Redding, and stared at the ceiling with my arms behind my head. I couldn't let things in the past overwhelm me like this, I couldn't afford the stress right now. I slowly started to drift into an untroubled sleep, something that I needed. The sun was setting over the expanse of asphalt, the jets, military vehicles, and soldiers alike bathed in its dying rays. I sat on the bed inside one of the empty barracks looking out the window as he sat beside me. \" Thinking about tomorrow?\" he asked softly. \" Yeah,\" I replied. \" You don't have to leave,\" he said moving closer to me, putting his arm around my torso. \" Yes, I do, orders are orders,\" I said finally turning my head to look him in the eyes. I leaned back, resting my weight on him, the back of my head lying on his shoulder. I didn't want to leave this, leave him. I knew what danger awaited me and I knew I might not come back, he knew it too. We had been arguing all day, but it had gotten old after I thought he had finally accepted he couldn't change things. I sat there in his arms, never wanting to leave his protection and knowing I had to was the worst part. I shut my eyes tightly, fighting off tears and my thoughts at the same time. \" Lily?\" he spoke softly once more. \" Hmm?\" was my only reply, for if I spoke I feared I might cry. \" Iraq, that's a dangerous place.\" \" So?\" I managed. \" I might not see you again, can you at least look at me?\" he asked. I sat up, placing myself across from him a few inches. He placed a hand on my cheek, sliding it down to the base of my neck. Without hesitation I leaned toward him, letting my lips meet his. In seconds the worries I had melted away. He ran his hand through my long hair without getting it tangled in my locks, though I hadn't brushed it in at least a day. When our lips finally pulled apart the sun had set, leaving everything I'd seen before in darkness. I brought my eyes back into the room to find him lying down in the bed, his shirt pulled off and thrown across the room. I wasn't about to go any further than that tonight and he had realized that early on, so, for now, it stopped at the shirt. I laid down at an angle, my head resting on his chest and my body stretched diagonally across the bed. He played his fingers through strands of my hair, pulling it out of my face for me. I ran my hands over his bare chest, though my mind was somewhere else, somewhere I didn't want it to be. Then I pulled it back to where I wanted it, here and now. The steady rise and fall of his chest under my head was becoming hypnotic, slowly making me relax and breathe myself. \" Why does it all have to end?\" I sighed. \" Nothing's ending, its not like there's an impending apocalypse or anything, it's just a month or two,\" he replied sarcastically. \" Yeah, but what if I don't come back, ever, what if we never see each other again?\" \" To your first question, you will, you're strong, Lily, stronger than any other person I've met, and we will see each other again, I promise.\" We laid together in silence once more, until moments later I broke the silence. \" Doyle, do you love me?\" I asked him. The silent kiss on my forehead was hardly enough in reply. I woke from the memory, from so many years ago, with tears in my eyes. I longed for his touch, his words, for the way he made me calm when I was worried. The actuality before me was different from my hopes, I would never feel that way again and it was enough to bring on those tears. I sat up in the bed, wiping the tears from my face with the edge of my shirt, breathing deeply to try and calm down. Finally, I got up and crossed to room to draw the curtains back so I could let some light into the room no matter how small. When I saw outside I could see it was only a few hours after sunrise and few people were meandering in the hospital's courtyard. I sat on the padded bench under the widow that allowed me to look out of it. It was so peaceful here that it seemed as if what was going on outside wasn't really happening, as if it all was a horrible, long-lasting nightmare. I drew my knees up to my chest my back resting against the wall's extremity by the window. I paced my chin in between my kneecaps letting a horrible wave of grief wash over me once more, I couldn't deny it because I knew doing that would only make the feeling worse. It unnerved me how well I had taken the news before ,and when I had, I knew that couldn't last, that eventually my feelings would get the better of me. I just didn't know how much, I was learning that now. I sat in my room for much of the dreary day, one that was so far matching my emotions. The gray skies dampened my thoughts and crushed any hopes of even one happy thought. Redding was busy with his patients other than myself today, which just added on to my need for isolation. I managed to speak with the doctor briefly between his patient tending. \"I think I need to get out, can I go sit in the courtyard or something, please, I need to see something else besides these white walls and I need to smell something more natural than disinfectant,\" I said with a smile. He laughed at my weak joke, \"Okay, okay, fine, you are certainly well enough to go outside, but don't go any further than the courtyard, and please come back in if it starts raining.\" \"Thank you so much,\" I said trying to show my gratitude through a simple smile. I went back into my room as Redding informed the nurses I was allowed outside, I once again replaced the hospital gown with the regular clothes Redding had given me. When I came out of my room Redding was gone, off to another patient I assumed, I walked down the hallway to the courtyard door and I noticed an armed guard standing right beside the door. He was armed with a simple handgun, though I knew the reason he was there would require much more fire power than that simple gun could hope to provide. My depth perception must have still been severely off because as I turned for the door I ran right into the guard, immediately throwing out many apologies before he told me it was quite alright and opened the door for me. I thanked him and exited the hospital's interior, already preferring the sounds of nature to the sounds of the sick and injured. Even though it was gloomy outside, the mere air that the outdoors was surrounded with lifted my spirits exponentially, but only for a second. I talked with a few of the other patients who were allowed outside by themselves or with the supervision of a nurse. I knew that my need for isolation was not what I really needed and was only what I felt like I needed, something the exact opposite, however, the heaviness of my heart would not allow me to stay in a positive mood for long. I eventually made my way to and sat down on a simple, wooden bench as far away from the others as I could get. My eyes filled again with tears I couldn't stop when I remembered my dream -or could it be considered a nightmare?- from last night. My feelings of missing everything I once held dear were only driven deeper into helplessness at the resemblance of this courtyard to the one in which I had enjoyed an escape in District One so long ago. The memories once again flooded back into my mind and was thrown once again into uncontrollable sobs and tidal waves of tears. My emotions soon dulled everything around me, I could not hear the gentle sounds that I had first enjoyed upon entering the courtyard, I could not smell the refreshing scent of the freshly cut shrubbery, and no longer could I organize my thoughts rationally, which was the biggest threat to me. Knowing I had little time before the guard realized I was the one he wanted to find, after having to go through all others he had encountered shortly before my appearance, I took out the gun I stolen from him and laid it in my lap. I was facing away from the hospital walls to the fourth side of the courtyard that was separated from a parking lot by a small, metal fence, so the gun was concealed from any possible, unwanted onlookers. The memory from my time at base camp was what had pushed me over the edge, it was what had, quite literally, been the trigger that made me even think of such an action. Had I been thinking rationally, even wallowing as deep in my self-pity as I was, I would have thought an idea like this to be beyond consideration, a self-centered act of a childish level. After all, I was probably the only person in the world with full immunity to the virus, even so the only person that could help fast enough before far more damage ensued. However, something had broken in me quite recently and I was robbed of all rational thought I was ever capable of, thus the handgun. I put my hand on the gun, ready to pick it up, but stalling, hoping someone would see me and prevent me from doing it and also not wanting them to stop me at the same time. The contradiction in my irrational thoughts remained as I picked up the gun, ready to preform the final act. I held on to the gun even when I felt a presence behind the bench that was unmistakably a person standing there, they would be able to see what I was holding anyway. I did not look up, I did not move the gun down, nor did I plan to. \"I told Doctor Redding I was fine, I don't need supervision,\" I said irritably, knowing it was probably one of the medical personnel from the hospital. \"'Fine' constitutes that you are also mentally stable, Lily, put the gun down. \" In a split second, my entire being felt like it had exploded into nothing and I dropped the gun in utter shock. Every emotion I could ever describe would have been an enormous understatement at that single moment of hearing that voice. Confusion, joy, shock, all three were amplified and collided like three giant trains inside my head in the matter of a second. I turned around, feeling as if it were in extreme slow-motion and flung myself off the bench into his arms. \"Will!\" I exclaimed at the same time in a breathless whisper, burying my face into his shirt as tears of joy overtook those of sadness. I felt his comforting arms close around me as I stood there, hardly able to breathe because the sobbing had started again, but this time it was sobbing of sheer bliss. Quite suddenly, rain tore from the sky in pouring torrents, but I could not have cared less. He picked me up a few inches off the ground as our embrace became all the stronger, I believed in that moment I would never let go of him again. With my arms linked behind his neck and his arms around the small of my back we shared a kiss I also never wanted to end. When our kiss finally ended, he wiped my wet hair from around my face and I rested my head on his shoulder with his arms still around me and mine still around him. We stood there, rain pelting us from above, neither wanting to let go of the other for fear they might slip away and neither speaking. I wanted this moment to never end, to hold onto these feelings I was having forever, never wanting to feel anything less ever again. Then a mental brick wall hit me, making me pull to the end of his arms so I could see him, yet still holding onto him. \"This...this isn't real,\" I gasped through the emotion-caused spasms still wracking through my body. \"You're not real because this is impossible . I'm dreaming- I'm- it can't be real- it can't .\" I wanted to believe I was wrong, that this was real, but I just couldn't. \"Lily, it is , I'm here,\" he assured me. \"I'm real .\" \"No,\" I said shaking my head. \"They- they told me- no, it can't be. Oh, my God, I've done it already, I pulled the trigger and now- now I'm fantasizing...it's too late.\" \"Lily! You didn't kill yourself because you saw me, stop denying it, I'm here, I'm here,\" he repeated, pulling me back closer. \"I wasn't too late, I was just in time.\" A giant lightning strike blazed overhead, followed by a crack of thunder, shaking the ground upon which we stood. I felt extremely faint, again a mental brick wall slamming into me, but this time with the opposite effect. \"Oh...God...this, this is real..you're...you're...\" I muttered in a whisper, my mind scrambled into a trillion pieces. Before I could entirely understand what was going on I fell limp in his arms, passing out at the revelation. Hahaha, got you all who thought if I had the choice I would actually kill off any character played by Jeremy Renner, that's a funny, you guys ^.^ Its my fanfic, I know I can do whatever I want, including completely negating whatever idiot that decided Doyle should die. Hope none of u wanted to kill * me * when you thought I had let him die, but I know you probably did XD Anyway, hope it was worth the wait (again, probably not cause I rly shouldn't have taken that long, again, so so so so so sorry) hopefully I can whip up another chapter soon, but to be honest this was the chapter/scene I was focused on getting to since I started the fanfic, I have put a little thought into what happens next, but I'll need to elaborate my ideas and organize plot points that will make the next chapter. Thanks for reading :) btw...if you were wondering...yes, the chapter name did in fact come from the song \"You Found Me\" by The Fray, which was the inspiration for the reuniting scene, and because it is one of my favorite, if not my single favorite, song :P[Chapter 11] AUTHOR'S UPDATE ALERT: Updates concerning this fanfiction have been posted under the \"Updates Section\" of my profile. Please feel free to check it out if you were wondering when I was going to upload new chapters. This update also lists a few new fanfictions I am working on/going to start, so some of those may interest you as well. :) Thanks again for all of your support of this fanfiction, it really means a lot to me. -SHSK ","Summary":" Here's my attempt at a 28 weeks later fanfic. Hope you like it I'm on the 2nd chapter and working o"},{"Movie":"28 Weeks Later","Title":"Eagle Eyed Angel","Author":"Lady Chickaroo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6553755","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok...so i fell in love with Doyle can you blame me? any hoooo i thought up a few cute ideas...which i decided i just had to write! soooo here we go! 000 Eagle Eyed Angel 1: First come first serve \"Any preference to where you want to stay?\" A blonde woman stationed behind a desk questioned as she filed threw various papers, pushing her rectangle, thin frame glasses back up her nose and finally looking up due to the silence she received. \"Bit of an insensitive question to ask, don't you think?\" the complete opposite of the blonde woman stated with a dead end tone. She sat frozen, her blue eyes widening in a quick panic before dropping down. \"I…I'm sorry I didn't think!\" She mumbled her apology. Her opposite nodded, brown eyes falling to look at the floor, dark strands of hair falling messily, the ends slightly knotted due to the lack of a brush and the long events that had only added to the time since she had last brushed. The blond wriggled nervously in her seat while the brunette stood stone cold, not only where there appearance opposite, so where there stance and emotions it would seem. \"It's just, your one of the first…and …well?\" The blonde trailed off. \"There's hardly a lack of space,\" The brunette nodded lifting her eyes to the woman who looked down. \"Hannah,\" A blonde stood slightly behind the brunette, sighed softly, defeated with depression and unlike the blonde behind the desk sat primped in her uniform, she was naturally a mousy brown and stood in a slump, her more icy blue eyes hazy with exhaustion. \"A room near the top then,\" Hannah shrugged having taken her friends hint to just accept it. 000 \"Most people would have just said 'no, I don't mind where you house me',\" The blonde sighed as she stepped in the lift of the apartment complex and pressed for the 23rd floor. \"Yeah and most people will still say that, I didn't want to be filed in with everyone else, close to the ground, and close to the noise,\" She sighed, pressing the small button on the handle of her wheelie suitcase, the button that allowed the handle to unlock and slide up and down. \"Your lucky I'm not afraid of heights,\" she then chirped, something which would have usually gotton a chuckle from the brunette, but not today, not for now. \"Damn, and that's what I was aiming for,\" Hannah shook her head despite the monotone of her voice she too attempted to lighten the mood. With the key card at the ready to two quickly found their room and swiped they're way into their new living quarters. \"Oh Claire, I do love my privacy,\" Hannah stated with a shake of her head, the first thing she noticed was the huge wall consisting of glass. \"Ah! How convenient, no blinds to clean,\" She continued to ramble on, leaving her suit case by the bar of the open planned kitten dinner and stepping further into the living space, craning her neck to peer threw the open door into the bedroom, the same amount of light, equal to the living room, glaring in. \"In the bedroom too?\" Claire frowned lightly moving over to the door and poking her head in. \"Bet you're glad, you're not on the lower floors now, eh?\" Hannah gave a raise of her brow as her blonde friend Claire nodded. \"Plus there's no noise, other people next door, across the hall, upstairs, and you can't hear what is going on at ground level,\" Hannah stepped over to the huge window, pressing her hands against it followed by her forehead as she looked at the huge drop to the ground below, able to see all the vans, trucks and army personnel, but luckily unable to hear them. \"Suppose this was a good choice, but won't it be a bit lonely?\" Claire questioned. \"No, this place will soon fill up… if they decide to let more people back, if they even want to come back,\" turning away from the window and giving a shrug at her friend she then continued. \"Plus we can go out to socialise, hit the pub when it opens,\" with another shrug she headed back to her suitcase and wheeled into the bedroom. \"Sounds fun, and your sleeping by the window, I don't wanna be perved on by weirdo's across in the other building,\" The blonde stated quickly chucking her suit case on the single bed closest to the wall. \"Great, so I can be perved on instead…thanks!\" Hannah huffed also dumping her suitcase on her single bed, closest to the window. \"There's probably cameras in the bathroom too, seeing as they couldn't fit that onto the almighty window wall,\" Hannah unzipped her suitcase and started to rifle threw her holiday clothes. \"Shorts, skirts, dresses and bikinis…brill,\" pushing a hand threw her layered hair, she gave a groan, turning to look at her short haired friend who wore the same fed up and defeated expression as her. \"We'll be the most gorgeous girls around, all sunshine and that?\" Claire gave a small shrug. \"Guess we'll have to work with it,\" Hannah sighed turning to look back down at her suitcase. 000 The friends had worked on packing everything they had away, tidying the catastrophic mess of the bedroom that was only too easily covered with clothes and shoes, but now everything was sorted. They had spent two weeks in sunny luxury, left their families as two giggling, happy single women promising each member of their family and every friend brilliant souvenirs and now they sat on the foreign sofa in a never ending downwards spiral of loneliness and depression, looking down at the coffee table in front and the many little trinkets and tacky but cute knick-knacks they had gotten each promised person. They had been stuck over in Egypt for longer than they had hoped or liked and had been the few of the first to arrive back in the UK and be settled in the green zone. It was a very slow progress and the population would be even slower to rise. \"This kinda thing…just doesn't happen in real life…right?\" Claire frowned down at the items as Hannah gave a slow nod, her eyes beginning to sting due to her refusal to blink. \"This is all a bunch of 'House of Dead' and 'Resident Evil' shit,\" Hannah rubbed at her eyes with a deflating sigh. \"Looking back, I probably should have played thous games, might have a bit of knowledge on the subject,\" Claire gave her own sigh. \"Yer, I bet half the geeks that married thous games thought they had a good chance too,\" Hannah shook her head before sinking in her seat and resting her head back giving a small frown at the loud bang that came from under them, it turned out they weren't the only ones that wanted there space, unfortunately they where situated right under Hannah and Claire whom both hoped there downstairs neighbours where the nice and quiet kind of people. With a crinkle of paper Claire flicked threw the welcoming information book, complete with rules, instructions for evacuation and a map. \"So the big window is for our own safety,\" She nodded. \"Not if I jump out of it,\" Hannah mumbled, throwing it a blank look. \"We'll have food rations and suitable clothing available to collect tomorrow, but there is a place we can go eat,\" with a sigh she flopped the papers down onto the coffee table with the various other items. \"What… like a canteen?\" Hannah frowned, her nose scrunching up lightly. \"Well the little picture makes it look more like a food court type thing,\" Claire shrugged. \"Fun, suppose we should get ready for dinner?\" Hannah turned to her friend with a nod and stood, deciding a much-needed shower would be good first. 000 first little intro to my little characters he he[Chapter 2] Soooooooooooooooo hello there! 2: Small Smiles \"There used to be more people than this in Tesco at eight in the morning,\" Hannah sighed as she looked around the few other solemn looking people sat at the small tables. \"This all seems so unreal,\" Claire, added also looking around. US Army personnel stood at every door, window, corner, turn and wall, each suited and booted for combat, helmets down over there brows and straps digging under there chin and all clutching rifles. \"I feel more like I'm in a high security prison,\" Hannah huffed, swirling her spoon in her tomato soup before picking up the warm crusty roll on the side plate and ripping it in half. \"Whoa look,\" Claire nodded, causing Hannah to turn in her seat to take in the few men that had just sauntered in, long guns pointing towards the ground hung down their backs from thick straps slung across there chest. \"What do you suppose they do?\" the short haired blonde questioned as they both watched the small group, one member splitting away from the chatting men and heading towards a dark skinned man in uniform sat at a table further in the wide hall. \"Snipers,\" Hannah stated watching with a lack of interest but keeping her eyes on them because they seemed to be the only people moving. \"How do you know?\" \"They have sniper rifles,\" She nodded towards the back of the one man that was closer to them, his body becoming almost crouched as he took long, stealthy steps to his unsuspecting friend, sat with his back to him, drinking from a take away cup. \"And how do you know that?\" Claire frowned turning to shoot her friend a curious look. \"Dad was in the forces,\" She shrugged before continuing. \"Plus there's movies and games,\" She gave another shrug watching as the man pounced his target, aiming strait for the neck with obviously some form of frightening noise as his friend shot out of his chair like a bat out of hell, flailing his arms to get the unknown person off of him before rounding to take in his friend with outrage. \"Doyle!\" The startled man loudly barked out while the assailant simply laughed out at his friend. \"I swear man, one of these days I'll shoot you,\" He pointed a warning finger towards his grinning friend. \"Aw come on,\" The sniper grinned opening his arm as his friend shook his head and sat down with a chuckle. \"I'll shoot you next time, now sit down,\" With a shake of his head and a chuckle, the sniper, Doyle sat opposite his friend, bringing his weapon to his side and leaning on the table. \"I call dibs,\" Claire suddenly chirped. \"What?\" This earned a small smile from Hannah, causing her to turn to her lightly grinning friend. \"I dibs the sniper!\" she smiled, something they felt they hadn't done in what felt like years. With a raise of her brow Hannah watched as her friend took a long swig from her bottle of coke, tilting her head awkwardly and obviously, to look towards the two men. \"I'll let him know so he can stalk you and perv threw the huge window,\" Hannah grinned, Claire's eyes widening as she took a shocked intake of breath, only succeeding in inhaling her coke, causing her to jerk the drink away from her as she started to splutter and choke, the fizzy drink pouring out her nose instantly causing Hannah to burst out laughing as her friend doubled over in a coughing fit. After she had finally managed to calm herself somewhat, Hannah stumbled over to her friend a giggling mess and patted her back a few times. \"I'll go get you some water!\" She chirped before weaving threw the tables. \"You tart!\" Claire coughed out. \"Why did you…say that!…While I was drinking!\" She shouted threw her flurry of coughs just as Hannah was coming up to the two Army men, causing her to laugh out again, this time without the sitting support she had in the chair moments ago she stumbled of to the side in her hysterics bumping into an empty chair and clutching to it for support as she nearly collapsed. \"I…won't be able… to…sleep now!\" Claire continued to force out, desperately trying to calm her once coke filled lungs. The more Claire shouted at Hannah the more she laughed to the point she was out of breath, red in the face and her sides where splitting. \"Please stop!\" Hannah begged taking a deep breath and clutching her stomach. \"No! You're a…bloody tart!\" with a giggle Hannah shook her head at Claire's words, finally composing herself to walk again, still grinning and giggling every time Claire coughed or shouted after her. She held herself high as she strode past the two US Army men, giving them a polite smile each and nod of the head. \"Evening,\" Wandering back over to her seat with a bottle of water she handed it to her scowling friend with a grin. \"That was funny,\" Hannah giggled as her friend took a drink. \"Yeah, me choking, hilarious,\" She rolled her eyes. \"Hey, least you got noticed,\" Hannah beamed. \"Not exactly the way I wanted to,\" She turned away from the sniper and his friend while Hannah shot a sneaky look over with a soft smile, freezing as she caught the sniper giving a curious look her way, and instead of obviously snapping her attention away acting like she wasn't looking she just casually moved her gaze from him and to a few other uniformed men around the room before turning back to her friend. 000 \"This is weird,\" Hannah, stated, as she looked around the area, huge, blinding floodlights blocked out the darkening sky, keeping ground level forever bathed in light. \"We're back in the UK, but we're not home,\" She added gravely, casting a look at her friend who gave a nod. \"We'll never be home,\" Claire sighed. They both headed into the apartment complex the first few floors lit up with the room's occupants, a few other lights dotted around randomly higher up, there room soon to be one of them. 000 Laying at his post, the marksman casually scanned the area threw his scope, peering down to the lower grounds, finding two other US Army men stationed at their post in a reclined lounge, both chatting idly, one having a smoke. With a small smile and shake of his head he moved the scope to the building opposite, filing over the lit up rooms idly, before searching higher, with a laugh he pulled away from his rifle, shaking his head and rubbing at his eyes. \"Fifth night,\" He rose his brown with a nod, obviously the couple of the room where trying to set a record. Threw normal vision he quickly spotted a room light up, closing an eye as he returned to the scope, bringing the vision up one room from the over active couple and to the only lit up room on the 23rd floor. A young woman was sitting bolt up right in her bed, her dark hair messy and dishevelled and a very irritated look on her tired face. Or perhaps the couple where trying to simply piss off their neighbours. The sniper gave a grin, watching as the woman fisted her hands in her hair, probably trying to suppress a scream before cover her ears and turning to the second bed as a scruffy haired blonde sat up, rubbing her eyes. It was obvious the girls where annoyed the couple downstairs and there late night activity, for the fifth night and all. He watched as the brunette covered her face and flopped back on the bed, her head hanging of the edge of the mattress causing her chest to lift slightly with the arch of her back, the tank top she wore stretching dangerously low over her chest, on the brim of being a teaser trailer for a brilliant show. A brow slowly rose as he found himself lingering on that view. And we're gone! wouldn't you love to live above that... hearing it every night... lololololol[Chapter 3] Hiya! ok! so what better way to get your self noticed and hold the attention of a damn sexi sniper... with out even realising or trying! this is how =] 3: Fifth Night Flicking the light on and sitting bolt up right in utter disgust and irritation Hannah gripped tightly at her hair biting her tongue so she didn't scream in frustration as she growled out. \"For the love of god! Again!\" At the sound of the overzealous woman in the room below Hannah threw her hands to cover her ears turning to Claire as she sat up with a groan, rubbing at her eyes. \"Seriously? Don't they sleep?\" the scruffy haired blonde sighed; pulling a face as a loud male 'oh baby' was muffled threw their floor. Rubbing at her eyes with a groan the messy haired, dark brunette flopped down on her back, her head hanging of the edge of the bed. \"I just want to sleep,\" She whined, her voice giving a strain like she wanted to cry, but she was utterly exhausted and loved her sleep which she was being so loudly disturbed from that she might actually break down into tears. \"It's one thing to hear someone threw the wall but threw the floor? Seriously!\" Tightening her jaw at the raunchy sounds from the floor below finally got to her, causing her sit bolt up right in utter fury. \"That's it!\" She yelled, ripping the covers completely from the bed and flinging herself off the mattress and storming out the bedroom door. 000 With a frown the sniper quickly followed the woman, watching as she stormed threw the living room in her pj's and turned towards the front door, he noted how nicely the little shorts sat low on her hips and high on her tights before snapping back to attention as she disappeared out the front door. He quickly zipped his scope back to the second girl who was staring at the empty bedroom doorway before turning his vision back in search curiously, she had left the front door wide open. Pulling away from the scope he gave a frown over at the two lit up rooms before looking back threw the scope and dropping the view down a level as the once over eager actions of the couples room stopped, the man looked back towards the bedroom door, the woman dropping her head with a groan as he climbed off, clutching the covers to her bare form watching as her partner strode out the room. 000 Her fist had started to throb as she started to bang on the door once again, furiously smashing at it, hoping it would brake down. She paused her 'knocking' and folded her arms, shaking in utter rage as she waited, the sudden click of the lock snapping her attention as a very sweat drench and very naked man answered the door. Momentarily stunned Hannah fell back a step while the man eyed her up and down, obviously appreciating her small bed out fit. Instantly she queued the rage \"What the hell is wrong with you!\" She shot. \"Excuse me?\" The man scoffed. \"Are you both that bad at faking it you feel the louder you are the more realistic it must be! Or are you fucking related to Howler Monkeys!\" She half yelled in a shaking, controlled anger. \"Me and my friend want to sleep so shut…the fuck…up! If I have to come back down here, god better fucking help you\" She growled out before turning and storming of back down the hall, shouting a loud 'Dick head' just for him. 000 A smile was turning up the corners of the marksman's lips, his scope lifting back to the 23rd floor as an extremely irritated woman stormed back into her apartment, slammed the door behind her and instantly headed for her bed, flopping down on it while her friend turned to her with raised brows, obviously she wasn't a stranger to the dark haired woman's anger and love for sleep. With a raise of a brow he once again dropped the scope to see the reaction of the couple only to chuckle as their previous actions started back up, to which he just had to know the messy haired woman's reaction. Yanking her pillow from behind her head she firmly held it over her face, obviously muffling a scream, kicking a leg against the mattress before sitting up and throwing the pillow at the floor, probably hoping it was a massive weight that could crash threw the floor and kill the couple underneath. It was actually surprising the pillow didn't go threw the floor with the amount of force she put into it. She was not a happy bunny. Once again she was out the door like a shot and the sniper had to snap to action to follow after her, dropping the scope yet again to the lower apartment as the naked man once again answered the door and to say his ass what an awful sight would be a major under statement, so his heart went out to the poor, sleep deprived woman that was now about to get a second, full frontal view. He gave a small laugh as the woman instantly exploded on the man causing him to take a step back as she let all hell loose, obviously on what she thought of him, and when the sniper thought she was done her face snapped into a glare as her posture shifted and suddenly the naked man dropped down like a sack of coal, clutching desperately between his legs in utter agony as the woman stormed off once again, leaving her five nights of annoyance crippled in the open door way of his apartment. Looking away with a cringe at the man's pain, although he didn't see the action it was pretty obvious what she had done and how hard she had done it, and as bad as a punishment that was, the marksman couldn't help but chuckle to himself, that was one feisty woman that obviously shouldn't have her sleep taken from her. 000 This time Hannah gently closed her apartment door and stepped back into the bedroom, pausing at the foot of her bed and taking a deep inhale, holding it, before slowly releasing it. She then calmly turned to her discarded duvet and pillow, picking them up and setting them nicely back on her bed. When Hannah climbed into bed once again the two girls paused and drank in the silence before Claire turned to her friend. \"What did you do?\" She raised a brow as a smile pulled at Hannah's lips. \"I castrated the bastard and immobilised his penis,\" She smiled in a friendly and cheery voice instantly causing Claire to snort out a laugh. \"I thought I could hear sobbing,\" She giggled. \"I feel really bad now… but it's been five sleepless nights and I was so angry and he was such a twat, I really dunno what came over me, I kept egging myself on in my head and the more I did the more pent up I got with my anger and lack of sleep and weird sudden adrenalin!\" She breathed shakily, her hands quivering. \"I've never actually hit out at anyone, I'm more of a shout and bitch and make threats but don't usually act kind of person,\" Hannah gave a light wince as she looked over at her friend. \"Yer but you look so rabid when you shout, bitch and make threats that you scare people off! So you don't usually have to hit people,\" Claire gave a shrug. \"Rabid…thanks…well I don't think our sleep will be disturbed any time soon,\" Hannah smiled sheepishly, laying back into comfort and flicking off the light. \"Finally,\" the blonde mumbled, lying back in her bed also, the two cuddling up happily and fading into the silence. \"…As least his crying is quiet,\" Claire mumbled sleepily. \"Hmm,\" Hannah grumbled already eagerly drifting off. Attetion sucessfully grabbed me thinks! but what next? how would you take someone spying on you when you found out? he he i guess you might be a bit nicer about it if he's drop dead gawjus![Chapter 4] So... this how we deal with damn sexi spying men chaps! he he 4: Spy Finishing off the last curl Hannah gave her hair a quick douse with hair spray before setting a large, cute pink flower in her hair, just above her left ear, the large silk fabric petals actually covering half her ear. Her hair was roughly styled, the longer layers of her hair were curled while she straitened the shorter top layers and fringe, not to a point her hair looked lifeless, singed and dead strait, just controlled and with volume. She quickly dusted a small amount of blusher to her cheeks, the one thing she forgot, having professionally blending a steel blue and light stone blue onto her eye lids finishing off with a thin line of black liquid liner above the top lash line, a defining flick on the end and black mascara coating her eyelashes. \"Done?\" Claire pouted, in front of her own mirror, applying her pink lip gloss before deciding she needed a bit more foundation to cover a red blotch on her chin. \"Yup!\" Hannah nodded, slipping her feet into pink dolly shoes and smoothing down her long white, gypsy style dress and pulling a stone washed jean jacket over her arms. \"I'm nearly done!\" Claire, perked, trying to multi task as she clipped her bobbed hair up in a tiny clip, her longer layers framing her face falling free of the clip, as she then tried to get her white dolly shoes on as she sprayed her hair with hairspray. \"Right! Done!\" She smiled, patting down her strapless, blue A-line dress that ended a few inches above the knee. \"Cool,\" Hannah mumbled, looking down at the stooping neck line of her dress, the top half basically being like two triangle pieces of fabric covering each breast. \"Maybe I should have put a camisole on under?\" she mumbled, consciously pulling each side across to better cover the cleavage. \"No you look fine! Plus you have the jacket!\" Claire waved away, grabbing her bag as Hannah gingerly picked up her own, still debating on changing. \"We'll look so odd in our holiday clothes,\" The dark haired woman sighed, pushing her side fringe away from her right eye. \"Well we haven't got much else,\" Claire shrugged before pulling on a white, cropped cardi that tied in the front. 000 Walking past the various armed guards rather sheepishly, both uneasy by all the weapons and security, and even more so when they gave them odd looks consisting of raised brow, small smirks, wandering eyes and just flat out stares. So they where in holiday clothes, it wasn't like they had the happy, bouncy, all smiles, cheery holiday mood to go with their style, but no, they still got the stares. Wandering into the large hall and towards the tables Hannah caught the eye of a US solider and instantly frowned with an open scoff as his eyes dropped to her chest. \"I knew I should have put a top on under!\" She huffed, wrapping the jean jacket around her. \"Their men, it's first nature, plus the boobs are right there…and who knows how long they've gone with out,\" Claire stated out loud while Hannah covered a giggle with a cough thou she still grinned like a loon. \"I'm going to get a tea,\" She smiled. \"Right, I'll grab a table before the huge bustling crowd takes them all and ponder what to eat,\" The blonde chirped sarcastically turning to the barren seating area. \"Alright,\" Hannah smiled lightly and made her way over, she felt almost as if she was in a service station, the large seating area out side the open food joint, that had glass protected counters that shielded the freshly cooked food from drooling people, in there heated section to keep everything warm, there was a rail following the long counter for you to place your tray and plate on, all of which you could pick up at the start of the counter, next to the chillers homing sandwiches, wraps, buns, salads, a few small packet sweet items, yoghurts and drinks. There were also a few baskets of crisps, chocolate bars and biscuits. \"Can I help you?\" a woman chirped happily, in that eager to help, all for the customer, I'll make you smile it's part of my job and because your home has been destroyed, kind of way. \"Oh umm, just a small tea please,\" Hannah smiled politely, continuing to look around the 'service station' all it needed now was a Burger King next to this place, Mc Donald's across the other side of the seating area along with a KFC and Starbucks. \"There you go! Milk and sugar is just over there!\" She pointed happily to a small separate counter where a silver jug and four boxes sat. \"Thank you,\" Hannah smiled, taking the paper cup and heading over, setting it on the counter and looking over every thing, one box had white sugar, another had brown, one had sweetener and the last box had stirrers, there was also a small hole in the counter, most likely the bin. Picking up a stirrer, she quickly swished it around her tea before gently pulling the string of the tea bag and lifting it from the cup slightly, balancing the plump, dripping bag on the stirrer before carefully wrapping the string around the stirrer and tea bag, efficiently draining it. Depositing of the tea bag in the bin Hannah then grabbed a hand full of white sugars and emptied each little pack into her tea and threw the evidence away, she had zoned out by the time she had gotton to her eighth packet, thinking of absolutely nothing and just drifting off as if this world was nothing but a dream. \"Would you like tea with that sugar?\" A male voice questioned, the sudden appearance startling Hannah to no end, causing her to jolt as she turned sharply, flicking the rest of the sugar in a wide semi circle. The man's face instantly turned amused, he had been watching her pour her sugar in with raised brows, having not long arrived after her. \"Oh! Um yes…how many did I put in,\" She frowned lightly shooting her tea a quick frown before turning back to the man. \"Seven,\" He then looked down at his issued uniform and brushed a few sweet grains of sugar, from his chest. \"…And a half,\" He added looking back to her as her face instantly flushed. \"Sorry,\" She bit her bottom lip lightly. \"Didn't mean to chuck it all on you, I was away,\" She held her hand, shocked at how she had completely zoned out. \"I haven't slept well, that's probably why,\" She gave a small shrug as the man turned to pulck a stirrer for himself. \"I know, you didn't knee that man in the sweet spot for no reason\" The man nodded, as he set his coffee down and reached for the milk, talking more to himself, it had been a long night and after the action had ended he found it less easy to stay awake, and now he needed a bit of coffee to sharpen his senses. \"…What?\" Hannah frowned lightly as the man gave her a raised brow. \"What?\" \"How…how do you know that!\" She gave him a strange and accusing look, reeling back from him as it then clicked in his head and he hissed out a small curse, obviously over looking the fact, the last thing the woman would have thought of, was the snipers watching her. \"Sergeant Doyle,\" He nodded. \"Delta Rooftop Unit,\" \"What?\" Hannah gave a look of confusion. \"I'm stationed on the building opposite, to keep watch,\" He cleared simply; quickly summing up that she hadn't read the full information provided. \"Were you spying?\" She accused. \"No, it's my duty to stay at my post and scope the area,\" He stated professionally. \"Yet you know what happened?\" She questioned slowly, calculating her questions carefully to the answers given then building her next one on his reactions. \"Like I said, I scope the area\" he raised a brow as her face fell into a mixture of shock and confusion. \"Your not really making things better for yourself here, are you?\" she raised her brows teasingly as she peered up at him and he gave a small sigh and smile. \"I haven't slept well,\" He shrugged, teamed with a coy grin and Hannah realised that he was taking the mick and using the same excuse she had. \"That's what you get for staying up and spying,\" Hannah, shrugged, quickly catching onto the fact he found it frustrating he couldn't explain himself with out sounding weird, and so she decided to play on that. Pouring some milk into her tea she gave it a stir. \"I wasn't spying,\" He shot a seriously look causing her to look down at her tea and purse her lips to hide her smile. \"What ever helps you sleep at night,\" she smiled with a nod, probably having too much fun at teasing him, it's a punishment in it's self, rather than being angry, if they hate being accused of doing or being something their not, then keep going with it and watch them squirm. \"I'm not a spy, I'm a trained marksman, I haven't been spying\" He cleared, hoping that would do. \"Well true, you've been caught so it's kinda classed as…perving,\" She looked up at him gave a curt shrug her smile pulling at her lips as she turned and headed over to Claire. The sniper stood in a baffled awe; sure it was a slip on his part, but in no way was he expecting anything like that. He watched her walk off, wondering why she wasn't insanely furious and how the hell he was going to convince her he wasn't spying, or perving but the moment she turned back with a devilish cheeky smile he realised, she had played him and looked down with a shake of his head and a light chuckle. he he soooo now knowing you have a spy how can't one possibly go about there normal day? hmmm[Chapter 5] hello again! i find i can update this story so quickly coz my ideas just fly in and they are really fun little ideas and i can't wait to put them all down! he he yaaaay 5: A Silent Agreement \"Wow chick! You move fast!\" Claire hooted with raised brows as Hannah rounded on the table and took a seat opposite her friend, setting her tea down in front of her. \"What do you mean?\" She gave a light shake of her head before flicking her brown eyes up to question her blonde friend. \"Ah! Hello? I saw you chatting with Mr hot tottie,\" She gave a devilish wink while Hannah shook her head with a quiet mumble. \"What is it with people and spying,\" She grumbled as she picked her tea up and took a small sip. \"Isn't he that same guy we saw in here a few days ago?\" Claire then turned with a pondering look, peering back over to the man as he leaned casually against a counter stirring his coffee. With a thoughtful look Hannah also threw him another glance, his small, cheeky, playful grin was the same as the sniper they had watched pounce his friend. \"Yeah, maybe,\" Hannah gave a shrug, pulling at a curl with disinterest while Claire turned to look at her, obviously needing more convincing. \"The sniper guy?\" She questioned. \"I think so? Why you even asking?\" With a light shake of her head, the dark haired woman looked across at her friend in curious confusion. \"Uh! I called dibs missy!\" the blonde simply stated, holding her hands up as she ignored the gawping look on her friend's face. \"Just clearing that up!\" Claire then stood from her seat and wandered off to find food. Hannah stared after her before giving a shake of her head and looking down at her tea as she thought, analysing her few days in the apartment. She had carried on her daily routine as usual, the large window had put her of changing so she stuck to the bathroom for that, but when she didn't like a top she did tend to just whip it off and change then and there in her room, had those times been seen? What about that night when she walked around the bed and didn't judge the space well enough causing her to stub her toe with such crippling effect she fell over in utter agony. Did he watch that? She very highly doubted the man spent his time perving her every move, he did have a job to do after all. She believed he was just keeping a look out and caught the activity, and she thought if she, herself was laying alone on a roof top all night with nothing to do, some little fight was at least a short bit of entertainment and she would have watched. But she couldn't help but feel sick at one thought in particular, two nights ago she had been busy cleaning, having nothing else to do, her ipod was plugged into the docking station she had taken on holiday and blasting out tunes as she danced around with the hover, to say she looked like a pratt was an understatement and Claire nearly wet herself when she walked in and saw. \"I didn't catch your name,\" A familiar deep, male voice jolted her out of her thoughts, causing her to flash her eyes up to the marksman with a startled alertness, looking very much like a trapped rabbit. As soon as her facial recognition kicked in she visibly calmed, much to the amusement of the Sergeant, and sat back into her more relaxed stated having previously jumped into a perfect, strait spine sit. \"I didn't throw it,\" She stated with a shrug, watching as he slid into Claire's seat opposite her, crossing his arms on the table, one hand lightly gripping his coffee cup. He looked down at his drink with a silent chuckle. \"Could you throw me a rope?\" He raised a brow looking back towards her, hoping she'd give him the help he asked for, but the moment he saw her lips twitch to control a smile, the smallest inkling came to him, she wasn't going to play ball. \"Fresh out I'm afraid,\" She shrugged, giving a cute innocent smile, quickly assessing the situation as he shook his head with a chuckle. \"Have you come over to try and convince me you haven't been perving threw my window?\" She asked flat out with a bored yet expectant look on her face. At this the sniper looked at her with a long pause before sitting back with a huff, his hand releasing his drink as he slid his arms from the table and let them slap down on his lap. \"Well,\" He crossed his arms over his chest and reclined in the seat. \"You got me,\" He gave a careless one shouldered shrug. \"Here for your own gain, charming,\" Hannah rolled her eyes before taking a sip from her sweet tea and just as he opened his mouth to speak she sparked up once again. \"Oh don't worry about apologising or anything,\" She held her hands up. \"I love my private life being watched like a TV show,\" she gave a sarcastic carefree smile to which the sniper looked at her with a short laugh. \"I'm not going to convince you here am I?\" He raised both brows with a grin, watching as a smile spread on her face, lifting at her cheeks on her high cheekbones. \"Nope!\" She stated with a happy chirp causing him to tilt his head to look skywards with a chuckle. \"I don't even know you and I can easily say your some work,\" He brought his eyes back, level with hers, intrigued as to why she seem utterly amused by his words rather than offended. \"Only when I want to be,\" The dark haired woman grinned. \"Oh really?\" he gave a mocking look of disbelief, one which she caught onto and easily thought of her cheeky reply. \"Yup, it's my back up plan for when I meet weird men that might have a habit of spying,\" she spoke like she was sharing a gossip like secrete. \"Wow your difficult,\" He laughed with a shake of his head. \"I could always knee you like I did my neighbour if you like?\" She gave a suggestive grin. \"No, call me what you like, I rather not have that punishment, thank you!\" He held his hands up in defence, causing Hannah to bow her head with a giggle before lifting her eyes back to him with a cheery smile. \"Was that really necessary?\" He questioned curiously, causing her to raise a brow. \"I had asked him nicely once, you might have seen,\" She added the second part quickly before swiftly continuing despite his eye roll. \"And he called me, if I do remember correctly a 'jealous, super bitch that was so sexually frustrated she hated anyone with a rampant night life and had become so frigid she needed some one to give her a well and proper banging to sort out the tension'\" She finished with a smile before holding up a finger as she left something out. \"Oh and 'that he'd be happy and willing to be a good neighbour and skewer me so well and hard, I'd also be screaming to the heavens'\" She gave a nod to show she had finished her quotes. \"At that point I kneed him,\" Taking a sip of her tea she then turned a simple smile towards him, blankly soaking up his appalled expression. \"Good!\" He nodded firmly, a disgusted frown pulling at his brows. \"I know!\" She agreed with the same look. \"I mean, sure I can be a bitch… but the rest! Ugh!\" She cringed with a shiver, shaking the thought away. \"Am I interrupting?\" Claire beamed like a maniac, standing to the side of the table holding a trey with a sandwich, drink, chocolate muffin and about five packs of crisps, looking all in all, rather lame. With a flat look Hannah peered up at her friend before giving a shrug. \"No,\" She chirped simply before turning back to the sniper with the same look. \"I can take a hint,\" He added jokingly, his grin growing as he watched a small smile pull at her lips. \"I'll see you around…\" He paused giving a click of his fingers and pointing towards her, waiting for her to give him the ending of his sentence by telling her name, but instead she gave a small tut, innocent smile and tiny shrug. \"Maybe,\" With a chuckle he picked his coffee from the table and strode of with a shake of his head, a grin unable to leave his lips. Hannah looked down with a daft smile, quickly trying to rein herself in before Claire noticed the look on her face and started up ridiculous stories and pestered her to no end. Watching him walk off with a gaping expression Claire then threw herself down in her seat, dropping the trey between them and leaning eagerly forwards for the gossip. \"He is so damn hot up close! What did he say to you?\" She grinned like a schoolgirl wanting to know a scandalous secrete. \"Not much,\" Hannah shrugged, still looking down at her tea with a grin and she nodded in agreement with her blonde hair, he was indeed so damn hot, but shouldn't the whole spying fact put her off? As it turns out, no! \"He seems genuinely nice though,\" She finally looked up with a smile and nod. \"Did you get a name?\" Claire brimmed with excitement while Hannah gave a light frown in thought; he had introduced himself at the sugar counter. \"Sergeant Doyle,\" She nodded. \"Hmm I like the sound of if,\" The blonde grinned while her darker haired friend looked down at her tea once again before stealing the chocolate muffin with a small giggle, once again silently agreeing. He he sooooo more sly cheeyness shall be on the way will our sexy sniper be tempted to take another sneak peak now he has met our lovely lady and how oh how does one find out a name with out looking like a spy or stalker he he fun fun[Chapter 6] He he... sooo this one i just played around with a fun idea, a bit of harmless teasing and trying to catch the other out he he it's all fun and games 6: A Note To Say Hi! \"I get the situation we're in an all… but, seriously?\" Claire held a rather bland t-shirt at arms length. \"You could wear them for bed?\" Hannah offered with a shrug, her nose scrunching up lightly as she picked a rather disgusting top from the kit they had been given. \"Ok, this one! We burn!\" The brunette scowled at the item, it was long sleeved, designed to look like a t-shirt over a long sleeved shirt and it was plain out awful, the t-shirt part was pink and long sleeves of the faux undershirt was red. \"I hate red and pink,\" She stated, balling the top up and throwing it in the corner. \"There only colours,\" Claire smiled. \"No, I mean together! I hate them in the same out fit,\" Hannah cleared, before standing back with a sigh. \"So we have basically four extra tops and trousers,\" Claire nodded. \"Yup! Bed wear I say!\" Hannah grinned. After five days of living in District One the girls had been given a 'complimentary pack' as it was called, consisting of basically a few change of clothes, stationary, a torch and two pot noodles, which were the best items in the box. They already had food rations stocked in their little kitchen, or they'd use the food hall, but nothing beats a good pot noodle. \"Why do we need marker pens?\" Claire shrugged as she filled the kettle, questioning the items Hannah held in her hands. \"Well… I suppose if we were at opposite ends of the room and couldn't talk, we could use them aaaaand!\" She rummaged around shortly before holding up a large A4 note pad. \"Our handy dandy note pads to write messages!\" She finished with a cheery voice. \"Maybe I'll just use the cello tape to shut you up,\" Claire shrugged simply. \"Thanks,\" Hannah scoffed, setting the marker pens on the note book before picking up the cello tape as she started to clear the stationary away, for some reason it fell every where, not even their schools had the amount of stationary they had both just been given. \"Why don't you send a note to Mr lover lover!\" Claire wiggled her brows while Hannah gave her a slow, blank stare. \"Shut up!\" She shook her head with a laugh and headed over to the bedroom. \"Hey pot noodles will be done soon, don't go to sleep!\" Claire called after her. \"I won't,\" Hannah giggled before closing the door and looking down at the items in her arms, her mind mulling over the idea of sending a message, or perhaps, leaving a little note. She glanced at the huge window wall with a bubble of excitement building inside of her, a cheeky childish moment she just couldn't pass up. 000 He scoped the ground far below, the skies above, the various other snipers lazing about, scanned the surrounding area, or what he could see of it, all for the purpose of keeping himself occupied just so he wouldn't have a small peek at the dark haired woman on the 23rd floor. Not that she would know, he'd defiantly not make a slip like he had earlier, so surely he'd be safe. Then again if he were found out, he'd just be digging himself a deeper hole, a deeper, weirder hole and the last thing he wanted to come across as was a weird, stalker on the roof opposite. He frowned lightly in thought, gazing at the apartment building opposite threw his normal vision, unable to truly pin point a certain person. She hadn't been furious, scared, annoyed or creeped out after finding out about her 'spy' as she so lovingly branded him. Sure she showed some shock and confusion when it first accidentally came out into the open, but soon she had replaced that with an almost lack of care and teasing. Perhaps she wasn't worried about him being an obsessive stalker who watcher her every night because of the fact he had accidentally told her, if he had been serious about stalking her, he would have been more careful. With a sigh he rubbed at his eyes, over thinking the matter and trying too hard to get into the confusing woman's mind, trying to figure out what she was thinking. 000 With a grin she started to scrawl her curvy almost pirate like script, taking up an A4 sheet for every few words. She had decided she liked the Sniper, he was fun and defiantly one to be friends with, of course the plus side being he wasn't in fact a stalker, she knew that for one reason, he's too rubbish at stalking to be one, simple as. She had sussed it all in their short meeting and while at first she had branded him something he wasn't and kept at it for punishment, she had carried it on for funsies and perhaps still a tiny bit more punishment, after all, she liked her privacy and if he continued to steal little sneak peeks, she was determined to keep up his new brand. With a nod she finished taping the last sheet of paper, having arranged them so they read down. She then bounced to her feet, picked up her note and taped it to the window, turning with a small laugh. 000 It had to be obvious he wasn't the person to spy, right? With a roll of his eyes he returned to the scope purely to settle his mind, if she was glancing around anxiously in the apartment keeping as far from the window as possible then obviously she thought he was, but if she was waving in any random direction and pulling faces at where she hopes he was, then he'll know she obviously isn't serious. Almost instantly he caught sight of her, she had a smile on her face and was just turning away from the large window, and on closer inspection he knew why. Pulling away from the scope, he hung his head with a laugh, quickly composing himself with a very amused grin. She had left him a lovely little note If Your Reading This, I Just Want You To Know, That I Think You're a Perv! =] \"That's it!\" He grinned, plucking a cameo green, satellite phone from a holder on his belt. 000 \"Hey! How's the pot noodle coming along?\" Hannah called just stepping into the doorway of the bedroom before the two phones in the apartment started to blare up with a series of rings. Both Hannah and Claire jumped in shock, having never heard the sound before, each turning to look at the phone closest to them, for Claire it was across the kitchen counter on a small side table next to the arm chair, for Hannah it was back in the bedroom, sat on her bedside table closest to the window. \"Answer it!\" Claire suddenly whispered like they where being listened in on. \"You!\" Hannah hissed back waving her towards the phone. \"Your braver! Quickly!\" Claire shooed her and with a groan Hannah crept over to the phone and gingerly picked it up, stopping the rings before placing it to her ear with a small sheepish. \"Hello?\" \"I just have one thing to clear up with you!\" A male voice stated professionally. \"Is…\" Hannah gave a light thoughtful frown as she tried to put a face with the voice. \"Is this Sergeant Doyle?\" She started again, her brows rising expectantly. 000 Looking down he gave a grin; he probably should have cleared that up first come to think of it. \"I was just thinking about our earlier conversation,\" He started and instantly she chipped in. \"About the spying? Oh yeah, guess I don't really have to ask how you got this number, spies are good at this sort of stuff eh?\" she chirped and with a quick look threw his scope he could see her teasing smile, instantly causing his lips to tug up lightly. \"…Yes, about that,\" He grinned. \"I can assure you I don't spy, I'm just calling because I don't want you thinking I'm a perv,\" 000 Sitting on her bed and bowing her head with a grin she instantly turned on trying to catch him out. \"What makes you think that I'd think, you're a perv?\" She chirped, waiting expectantly as she got a pause on the other end. 000 Shit! It was the one thing he thought, too bad it wasn't helpful but luckily he didn't say it. \"Well if you're caught at spying it's classed as perving, they where your words right?\" He grinned, he'd have high fived himself for that save if he could. 000 \"Yeah, but I never actually said you where a perv, so what on earth would make you think that?\" Hannah easily cleared, again getting another pause and smiling as she pictured his reaction, would he mouth a curse, slap a hand to his head or just hang his head and laugh at himself. \"Sergeant Doyle?\" She quickly questioned, her tone taking on a mock authority. \"Yes?\" She could hear the smile in his voice. \"This hasn't got anything to do with the note I've just put up on my window…has it?\" Her smile became brighter though her tone remained the same, teasing. 000 'Shit' the marksman mouthed, hitting the heel of his palm to his forehead and hanging his head with a laugh. \"That's what I thought,\" She spoke, an obvious smile in her voice as she then hung up, causing the sniper to laugh. That call hadn't gone so well he summed, turning his vision back to the scope and watching as the smiling brunette pulled her previous message down before replacing it with a new, more simple one. PERV ! =] Again he looked away with a laugh and a shake of his head, so she wasn't serious, but she still needed convincing, other wise this little game could last a while, not that he minded all too much. he he... don't you just love teasing people when they play right into your hands yaaaaaay fun fun[Chapter 7] Bit of a looooonger one fooooor you! he heeee 7: Jocelyn \"I am sooooo looking forward to having a drink!\" Claire grinned. \"It's a pub, not a club so calm your ass,\" Hannah shook her head with a light smile. \"Yeah, but the so called 'pub' has been made by Americans, so it'll probably be more like a bar rather than a traditional, local pub,\" The blonde stated while the brunette gave a one shouldered shrug and nod of agreement. \"Suppose,\" \"And you never said!\" Claire suddenly chirped, wrapping her hair in a towel. \"Said what?\" Hannah perked with confusion and a small amount of alarm. \"Who called last night?\" The bubbly blue-eyed woman stared at her friend eagerly. \"Just some welcoming phone call, saying they had wired the apartment block up with phones just like in a hotel, we can call other rooms in the block, but nothing outside,\" She finished with a bored shrug. \"Yeah, but why would they call to tell you that? There's a bloody leaflet right next to the phone stating all that crap!\" Claire huffed in irritation. \"Obviously they had nothing else to do and thought we wouldn't read it!\" Hannah quickly covered; she did not want Claire on her case if she knew a certain Sergeant had given their room a call. 000 \"Ok you can have the tall one, the one with the huge arms is mine,\" Claire grinned from where she sat on a cushioned bench peering across the table and towards the bar where two off duty US soldiers stood, each holding a glass bottle. Hannah had been busy looking around the place, it indeed was more like a bar than a pub, the benched seats along the walls and benched booths where of black leather and cushioned, the tables where darkly varnished and the few rounded high tables had high, padded leather topped stools to go. The floor was darkly tiled, obviously easier to hide drunken grime that was to come and the bar was long and lit up with spot lights as was the rest of the place while behind the bar was a mirrored wall with the various drinks, all illuminated with a florescent light hidden in the ceiling. Shrugging her jean jacket off and exposing her long black tank top with a few red roses spaced about, she too looked across to the bar with curiosity, no other tables disrupting her sight, as it was the entrance space of the bar. \"What, I get stretch, who, not being mean, looks like a proper perv and you get the knuckle dragger with arms so big they make him look like a gorilla?\" Hannah's brows shot up into an unimpressed look, which she directed at her friend. \"I ain't fussy, plus he's still good looking,\" The blonde grinned. \"Right, so… how does this whole bar thing work? We have no money,\" Hannah stated dully. \"Oh, don't worry, I read up on this one! You have a weekly allowance, and you just give them the room card and done! Sorta like with the food!\" She grinned with a nod. \"Oh…ok then,\" Hannah gave a small shrug. \"What you having?\" \"Shall we just get a bottle in?\" Claire suggested which got a nod from her friend. \"Sure, rosé?\" \"Yup, sounds good,\" Claire nodded while Hannah stood, taking the card out of her bag and striding towards the bar, her out fit was casual, but not too much, consisting of jean shorts, the dark floral print tank top and gold, gladiator wedged sandals with a long gold necklace with a small rose to match. 000 \"Whey! Gents check those legs out!\" a man with a cunning grin cheered, slinging his arms around both his mates necks, the two men sat on stools at the bar paused their conversation to take in the slightly drunken third party, \"Too bad you're taken Flynn and sorry Doyle, but I call dibs!\" He grinned. \"I'm a happy man!\" The dark skinned pilot stated turning from the man and taking a drink from his bottle. With slow swig from his own bottle Doyle turned slyly, looking casual as he stole a glance, suddenly taking a small but sharp intake as he spotted the familiar dark haired woman, instantly turning away with a sputter as he nearly choked himself on his drink and quickly probed his elbow up on the bar, clamping a hand over his mouth to stifle a few coughs before using his hand as a wall to hide behind. \"You ok there Serge?\" The light haired soldier grinned. 000 \"Would you like any glasses?\" The bar tender questioned after handing her card back and placing the bottle on the bar. \"No just a straw please,\" Hannah smiled sweetly, soaking up the shocked look on the man's face. \"I was joking! Just two glasses,\" She shook her head lightly, so it wasn't obvious she was shearing? \"Ta!\" She chirped once the glasses where given and picked up the items and headed back to the table. Standing at the table she set the glasses out and placed the bottle down, allowing Claire to get her hands on it while she leaned across the table to get her bag and slipped the card away. \"Hey, Hannah! Come here!\" Claire waved her over with a cheeky grin. \"What?\" Hannah placed her hands on the table as she bent closer to hear Claire's whisper. \"I think you've managed to grab a bit of attention,\" The blonde giggled. \"What do you mean?\" She frowned. \"Well, I think the men like staring at you while your wearing shorts and bending over a table!\" Claire beamed while Hannah instantly snapped up strait and spun around, furiously tugging down at her tank top in utter embarrassment before slipping back onto the bench. \"You could have told me sooner!\" the brunette grumbled, keeping her head down, not wanting to catch anyone's eyes. \"Why! I like guy's attention!\" The blonde laughed, pouring out the glasses. \"I don't!\" She shot back before quickly grabbing the glass and taking a large gulp. 000 It was only too normal for men to stare, and Doyle had happily joined, inspecting the length of her legs and pertness of her jean clad backside, the heels she wore only helping to add to the length and taunt her muscles. \"Too bad you missed that one bud,\" Doyle received a pat on the shoulder and slowly turned from the shying brunette to take in the man that called dibs. \"She'll turn you down Carter,\" The sniper stated, taking a carefree swig of his drink, minus the choking this time. \"She's a shy one, but I'll get her,\" The light haired Carter nodded. 000 \"Ladies?\" A man nodded, causing the chatting girls to turn from their conversation to take in the sudden third party. \"I'm Corporal Mark Carter,\" A confident grin turned up on his face. \"Mind if I join you?\" The friends exchanged quick looks before deciding, Hannah giving a shrug and Claire giving a nod. 000 \"Well, He's in there now,\" The pilot commented with a shrug. \"No, he'll get shot down,\" The sniper assured, watching closely to the actions, emotion and body language he could see. \"What makes you so sure?\" Flynn raised a brow at his best friend. \"She's already turned her body away from him,\" The marksman gave a grin looking over at Carter as he talked over the dark haired woman's shoulder seeing as she was sitting more facing her friend and blocking him out. 000 Hannah presses her lips together as she looked down at her drink with keen interest, not meaning to be rude, but she had zoned out of the conversation long ago, it was the constant slurred talk about him self that caused her to shut down. I did this once, now I do this, I'm a part of that, my team, my rank… I, me, my, that's all she heard. Crossing an arm over her chest and lightly curling her fingers around her upper arm she brought the wine glass in her right hand up to her lips and took a slip, slowly slipping back against the seat, almost looking like a bored, sulking child. \"I'm just gunnu pop to the ladies!\" Claire suddenly grinned like a manic and Hannah instantly heard that, causing her to sit bolt upright and hover on the edge of the seat, stiffening at the realisation she was being left behind with the drunken weirdo. He wasn't bad looking; in fact he was quite attractive, it was just the fact he was acting weird and talked only of him self, it made him very dull and flat. Sitting awkwardly on the edge of the seat as few minutes passed, Hannah scoured the room with a helpless look on her face. \"So, I never got your name?\" The light haired Mark Carter grinned, slinging an arm around the back of the bench behind Hannah, causing her to scoot that extra inch away. \"Jocelyn,\" She gave a sarcastic smile as she shot the name towards him and instantly turned back to her drink, if she drank more she wouldn't have to talk as much. \"Beautiful, just like you,\" He whispered lazily, leaning towards her ear but misjudging the short distance and speed he should travel at, only succeeding in bumping his chest into her shoulder, knocking her arm forwards and sloshing her wine out of the glass and over her hand, the liquid running down her arm and dripping on her leg. With a groan she set the drink down and shook her arm of the excess before brushing her dry hand over her legs and holding the other arm out helplessly as the drink started to dry and become sticky. \"Thanks,\" She muttered, pulling a face of disinterest. Suddenly there was a hand on her back, dropping from the middle and travelling down lower, rather slowly. She instantly froze, her eyes wide as she hoped her sudden statue like body language was a clear hint to stop. But he didn't. \"Your very touchy feely aren't you?\" She then spoke up, raising her brows and shooting him an unimpressed look. \"No I'm not,\" He smiled, his hand trying to curl under her bum for a grope. \"Um yes you are,\" She corrected. \"It's not like I'm groping you?\" He shrugged. \"No, but your still very touchy feely!\" She tried again, her face pulling in irritation. \"Can I kiss you?\" That question came like a slap to the face as she calmly pushed his wandering hand away and scooted away as she thought of an answer. She should probably save herself the trouble now and just say, 'eh fuck off no!' short and sweet, plain and simple, gets the point across. But she wasn't that brave or mean. \"Why?\" She tried to stall taking a panicked look around, frantically searching for an escape. \"Because I think you're beautiful,\" He grinned. \"Well…you don't really need a kiss do you?\" Hannah raised a brow towards him like he was a kid asking for an extra cookie. At this he was stunned and gawped for a second, trying to come up with a witty come back and truth be told if this was a club, he talked less about him self …well less altogether and Hannah was absolutely smashed, to the point she'd be feeling it like hell the next day… then perhaps he'd get a snog… but, none of these factors where standing, and she wasn't a slut so, he got no where. \"Carter, I think you should go rest up, you have an early shift tomorrow,\" Both Carter and Hannah looked up to see who was talking and there he stood, in his issued combats and a nicely tight, black muscle top his arms folded and one brow raised towards the drunk Corporal. \"Hey Doyle! Jocelyn and me where just getting to know each other! Right?\" The man grinned, slinging an arm around her shoulders and tugging her into him sharply getting a small surprised squeak from the brunette. With a light frown Doyle slowly turned his gaze to the woman as she pushed away from Carter and shuffled further in her seat slightly. \"Jocelyn?\" He gave a questioning frown and instantly Hannah's lips twitched up into smile, one she desperately tried so stop, even bowing her head and using her hair to hide her grin. With a flash of a grin, Doyle then turned to Carter with a sudden authority and tried a new approach. \"Carter move your fucking ass out, get sober and get ready for your new station, that's an order, don't move and I'll drag you out,\" The man was on his feet with a scowl and sloppy salute, he then stepped around the table and paused in front of his Sergeant, quickly realising his higher commander wasn't going to step aside for him so bowed his head and squeezed past. Hannah, now composed looked up almost expectantly waiting as the sniper turned his attention back to her once Carter was out of sight. There was a brief pause with an intense eye contact that unnerved the young woman, causing her to look down before giving a smile and quickly stating. \"That's not my name, by the way,\" She gave a cheeky grin, thinking it better she clearly stated that. \"Care to share with me what it is?\" Doyle raised a brow, an amused look lighting his face. \"Nah! I'm too selfish,\" She grinned, turning away from him to look at her glass of wine and take a sip. Don't worry my luvlys they'll be getting more friendly soon he he :D[Chapter 8] Hello me luvlies! what will happen today i wonder hmmmmmmmmmm lets find out whoooooo 8: Shopping Experience \"I really don't think we need any more super noodles,\" a neat brow lifted on Hannah's face as she watched her blonde friend choose between the various flavours. \"Yeah, your right,\" She nodded, her face scrunched in concentration. \"How are we doing on pot noodles?\" Claire turned her blue eyes to her dark haired friend. \"Perhaps…\" Hannah dragged the word as she prised the dry food from the blonde's hands before continuing. \"We should get some food that doesn't require the kettle or microwave to cook it, hmm?\" now both her brows where raised towards Claire. \"Seriously? Like proper food?\" The blonde pulled a face of irritation. Hannah gave a simple nod while her friend's face simply dropped further. \"So we'd have to use the cooker?\" Claire tried to clear. \"For god sake yes! I'm not talking about full roast dinners here!\" Hannah threw her arms up in irritation, the semi loud burst catching a few curious glances. \"You girls ok?\" A soft voice questioned, causing both girls to look towards the woman addressing them. She was a kind looking woman in her late forties, her hair a light sandy brown with a few silver streaks breaking the colour. \"Oh yes, fine thanks, just trying to wean my friend off microwave foods,\" Hannah smiled. \"Well you got to admit it's easier,\" Claire defended. \"I must admit, my husband and I have been living off the microwave, but I'm here to put a stop to that,\" The woman chuckled before holding her hand out. \"I'm Yvonne,\" She smiled. \"Nice too meet you, I'm Hannah,\" The dark brunette took her hand and gave it a shake. \"I'm Claire,\" The blonde was next to take her hand with a shake. \"Nice too meet you girls, we're having a small get together tomorrow night, why don't you pop along,\" Yvonne smiled. \"Ok!\" Claire smiled. \"If your sure,\" Hannah added. \"Of course! We all need friends in a time like this,\" The woman smiled. \"Alright, thanks,\" Hannah smiled lightly. \"Good, just pop to the twelfth floor, we're the first door,\" Yvonne nodded. \"We'll be there!\" Claire chirped happily. \"Eight o'clock!\" The woman called with a wave as she tottered off, leaving both girls to wave at her retreating form. \"Did…we just make a friend,\" Hannah asked quietly in a slight confusion. \"I think so, I think we have also been invited to a house party,\" Claire summed. \"Oh,\" Hannah gave a nod. 000 \"Its just pasta! How hard is pasta to cook! Seriously! Sauce pan, water, on the hob, ten minutes, done!\" Hannah listed in a huff. \"Yeah… but what if you wanted a pasta bake?\" Claire pulled a face. \"You just stick it in an oven dish with the sauce and cheese! Stop being a pratt!\" Hannah grabbed the large bag of penne pasta and placed it in the trolley, while Claire opened her mouth to complain, only to be spotted by her friend and instantly stopped. \"Shut up! It's too late, it's in the trolley!\" \"Fine, We'll have rice as well then!\" Claire pointed to a bag of rice on the shelf rather childishly to which Hannah simply shrugged off. \"Fine!\" Picking up the bag with more aggression than needed she then turned to drop it in the trolley, only for Claire to grab it. \"I changed my mind!\" The blonde chirped. \"No! You said rice!\" Hannah frowned, trying to pry her hands of the bag. \"I lied! I hate rice it's too chewy!\" Claire struggled with the bag. \"It's rice!\" Hannah exclaimed before giving in and releasing the bag just as Claire gave a hefty tug. Their childish bickering was instantly stopped at the plastic pop the bag made, instantly followed with the scattering rain of the rice. \"Shit!\" Claire exclaimed, spinning the bag around so no more rice could spill out of the split, effectively flicking rice at her friend in the process. A stunned silence fell over the two instantly, Hannah stood with her mouth hung open in a frozen gasp while Claire cradled the split bag of rice in her hands with wide eyes like it was a cute fluffy animal she had just run over. The first sound came from Hannah as she snorted out a laugh and instantly slapped a hand over her nose and mouth to hold in the hysterics that was bound to follow. Claire looked around with alarm, taking in the empty isle before dumping the split bag on the shelf, taking hold off the trolley and bursting from the crime scene causing Hannah to jump into action after her, both of them taking on a strait backed, fast walk, trying to leave the area as quick and casual as possible. With a snicker Hannah quickly took the lead, turning for another isle trying to keep a distance from the rice disaster while remaining casual, but being guilty, nerved up and completely on edge, when she came to the new isle and expected it to be completely barren she was in for a shock of her life when she rounded the shelf and came face to face with a person she wasn't expecting to be there and defiantly not one she recognised. With a small surprised scream jumping past her lips she skidded her speedy walk to a sudden halt, just missing ploughing into the man. That was until a trolley ploughed into her backside with a surprising force she fell forwards with a squeak, bumping awkwardly into the man's chest, she would have thrown her arms out to catch herself like any normal person would have done, but knowing it was Sergeant Doyle stood before her she froze, unable to actually grab onto his torso to steady her self and instead ended up tucking her arms into her chest as she hit his, ricocheting of his muscular torso as she stumbled to the side, tripping on the front wheel of the trolley that had previously run her down. With a sharp reflex the marksman reached an arm out, gripping Hannah's upper arm and instantly pulling her back upright and steady from her stumble. \"Sorry!\" Hannah instantly blurted, holding her hands up in surrender before shooting Claire a frown. The blonde was stone still in her pose, eyes wide as saucers and a hand cupping a gawping mouth while her other hand stayed firmly curled around the handle bar of the trolley, but upon receiving the look from the dark haired woman, both hands flew into the air in her own surrender. Pursing her lips at the sudden awkwardness Hannah turned back to her almost victim now saviour. \"Hi! Yer, sorry, didn't mean to scream, or almost knock you down,\" Hannah babbled quickly giving a small sheepish smile before looking down at his hand on her arm, giving her arm a small shake to free the grip. With an amused smile Doyle released her arm with a nod. \"Never had a greeting quite like that before,\" A boyish grin pulled at his lips. \"Yeah…sorry,\" Hannah looked around awkwardly before slowly reaching a hand to touch her nose. \"I think I broke my nose on your chest,\" She mumbled, frowning lightly. \"What are you doing!\" She suddenly chirped in alarm, her eyes widening in shock as the sniper gently gripped her chin between his index finger and thumb, tilting her head up lightly before guiding her head to turn left then right. Bringing his free hand towards her face he gently pinched the bridge of her nose feeling the bone before moving down and gently feeling the cartilage. \"Your fine,\" He stated, releasing his hold on her. \"Oh, ok,\" She chirped sheepishly, once again raising her hand to her face and stroking her fingers over her nose. \"Well if it bruises I know who to blame,\" Hannah nodded causing the Sergeant's face to lighten in amusement. \"What are you doing?\" he raised a brow as he watched her rub her nose. \"Shopping, what are you doing?\" She stated stupidly, before asking him in defence, causing him to chuckle. \"Getting coffee, we don't always have time to go to the food hall for the fresh stuff,\" He stated simply with a grin before looking her over and noting something off about her. \"Is…Is that rice in your hair?\" He asked almost unsure, while Hannah furiously ran her hands threw her hair, shaking the grains free before composing her self and sweeping a hand over her shoulders to dust them clean. \"No,\" Came her simple answer, her face as dead strait and serious as they come, causing the sniper's lips to twitch with a smile. \"Yo, Doyle you man whore! Move your ass!\" A loud voice barked, instantly catching Hannah's attention as she almost choked on her laugh, looking down the isle with a snicker as she spotted a dark skinned man looking irritated. \"Fuck off Flynn!\" Doyle turned with a blank irritation of his own, shooting his friend a frown. \"If I have to come over there I will whoop your ass!\" The pilot pointed down the isle towards his friend, while he cradled two large cartons of milk in one arm. \"You've been told,\" Hannah taunted with a cheeky smile as the Sniper turned back to her. \"Doyle!\" His name was barked yet again, causing him to look skywards with a groan before he grabbed two large jars of coffee. \"Nice bumping into you Ladies,\" He nodded before turning on his heels and marching towards his friend who lifted an arm in an open shrug, the irritated frown still on his face, only to be shoved out the way. \"Is he stalking you?\" Claire mumbled after a short break. \"What makes you think that?\" Hannah turned to look at her friend with a laugh. \"He's always around you,\" The Blonde summed suspiciously. \"No he's not,\" The brunette laughed, while the store tannoy buzzed to life with a chiming ping. 'Colleague announcement, could the store janitor please go to isle five, spillage,' With that it pinged out into silence. \"Tea, coffee, hot chocolate, sugar, done!\" Hannah listed quickly after throwing the items into the trolley. \"Ok let's go!\" She then chirped as they both made their exit, or rather, escape. Tee hee food shopping is boring unless you jazz it up some how he he you should see me in a film store! all the bloody dvd cases jump off the shelves and attack me! ahh fun times :D still no name exchange he he yaaaay we gots a party too[Chapter 9] 9: Odd Ball Questions \"Do you think there are bodies on the London eye?\" The question came out in a deep monotone causing the dark haired woman next to the man that had spoken, choke on her drink, nearly spitting the contence back into the small plastic cup she held. \"What?\" She forced out in a stupefied fluster, turning to the rather withered looking skinny, bald man with wide eyes. \"Imagine being on the London eye when the infection broke out, sitting, waiting…just knowing that in an hours time you'd have been rotated around to your death,\" His tone remained the same, flat and almost as dead as his eyes. \"I…I'd rather not think of such a thing!\" Hannah gaped in shock. \"Do you recon it would have been like the arcade games? House of Dead,\" He then lifted his hand and shaped it like a gun, which he aimed towards the window and pulled back with his own made sound affect for a gunshot. Hannah just watched him with wide eyes, slowly turning to face the large window with the same look and quickly downing her drink. Since arriving at the little shindig Claire and herself had been invited too, she had been stuck with the overly depressing man for far too long, listening to his wonders of the infection and what it would have been like to see it all, causing Hannah to throw back drinks to give her the excuse to leave for a top up, only for the damned man to search her out. \"What would be your choice of weapon if you had a zombie in front of you?\" The question was thrown towards her in that very same dull tone. \"I need a re-fill!\" Hannah jumped to her feet, sticking her arm in the air to show her empty cup and her obvious tipsy state. With a shakily forced smile she turned sharply and meandered her way threw the crowded living space. Quite a few people had come to Yvonne's party, but it was mostly the torn families that needed to talk to others in the same boat to get reassurance and an exchange of emotions about what has happened, there was even a few unlucky loners who had no one and was hoping to find someone to talk to, someone who understood what they where feeling and what they where going threw and everyone that had come along knew what the other was feeling and could relate. It was more of a wake than a party, with people grieving for thous they had lost. Hannah couldn't grieve like these people; she couldn't find comfort in a stranger, no matter the similarities between the deaths and the feelings that came of it, so being put in such a situation made her very uncomfortable and closed off, she wanted to remove herself from every conversation that turned to the incident, she just couldn't handle it, she couldn't talk about her feelings or her family to some she didn't know. With a shaky sigh she refilled her plastic cup with vodka this time, deciding she was in need for more strength. She almost seemed to drop off, her face becoming a neutral abbess as she watched the vodka fill the cup before she heaved a huff and set the bottle down, screwing the cap back on and splashing a dab of lemonade over the odd measures, before taking a swig of the strong drink and forcing it down with a cringed gulp. She needed to get out, but she couldn't leave with out Claire, who had so happily gone off with a bloke, to be his shoulder to cry on. Mustering the courage Hannah turned back to the dull bustle and looked around, quickly coming up blank as she realised she would have to go on a search for her friend. She knocked awkwardly past the compacted amount of people, sloshing her drink over her hand only to frown lightly and switch the drink into her other hand while shaking off her vodka soaked one, her attention soon taken away as she passed the slightly ajar bedroom door, both brows instantly shooting up towards her hair line as she jerked her body into a stop before taking a step back and placing a hand on the door and giving it a drink educed, carefree push open. Her brows remained raised while her arm froze in a stretched out position from where she had pushed the door open, her other arm tucked into her chest where she held her drink close to her chin, the only part of her that moved was her jaw as it dropped down. Claire had her hands fisted into the sandy hair of a random man, her lips moving hotly over his and a flash of tongue flicking out every few times between their glued faces. When the blonde pulled away her face was visible to see the vanity damage she had self inflicted, her red lip stick was smudged all over her chin, cheeks and over all mouth area, as well as the man's, she had horrendous panda eyes from where she had been and still was, crying, the tears having created long, black streaks down her cheeks. \"I so glad I found someone who understands!\" She sobbed to the unknown man before returning to the kiss with a whimper. Closing her mouth Hannah shook her head and turned, simply deciding to remove her self from yet another situation, forgetting to close the door on such situation as she made her hasty retreat. Claire was showing her way of getting past the grieving stage, which was comfort, she needed comfort and lots of it, in the loving kind. Secluding herself to a hidden, far corner of the room Hannah rested her hip against the desk homing the room telephone, a plant and various pictures as she faced the large window, crossing her arms and bringing the cup to her lips as she stared blankly to the building opposite. Hannah just couldn't fit in because she couldn't open up and spill everything she's feeling like the people around her could, she would just lay in her bed at night, hugging her pillow and thinking as silent tears strolled down her face, each and every night so far. 000 ' Hey! Any one up for crashin' a party? ' a male's voice crackled over the radio link all the rooftop snipers had. ' Nah, looks dull man, ' another answered shortly. ' Where's it at? I can't see! ' a third joined. ' Twelfth floor bud, ' the first stated. ' Whoa! That is dull! ' the third chuckled in shock. ' Your tellin' me! Check miss cleavage! She ain't 'aving too much fun! ' the second man cheered to his friends. ' Who? Where? ' the first laughed. With a shake of his head the Sergeant ran a hand threw his short brown hair, an amused grin pulling at his lips as he chuckled at the men's conversation before adding his own comment in. \"Don't you boy's have a job to do?\" He grinned. ' There ain't no job that needs doin' Serge, it's pretty shit quite! ' the third man stated. ' Well, I'm thinkin' that pretty lady is in need of a rescue! Whadda ya say? ' The second offered, a smile in his tone. ' Still ain't told me who? ' the first huffed. ' Dark brown hair, lil summer dress, flower in her hair stood in the corner! ' the second man described then directed. ' Whoo, I'd rescue that! I'm in, ' the first hooted. ' Count me in on that! ' the third agreed. Doyle bowed his head with a laugh, giving a shake of his head as he rubbed at his left eye, still listening to the conversation going on between his boys. \"You boy's wanna get shot?\" He offered with a laugh, scolding their actions lightly as he tried to be the superior that he was but knowing there was no actual threat around meant he was flippant when his men where having a bit of fun to lighten the day. ' Aw come on Serge! Don't tell me you don't wanna help out this pretty little number! ' The second taunted, a grin evident in his voice. ' Just take a look! ' he then continued, to which Doyle shook his head again with a grin before shuffling towards his rifle and turning an eye to the scope. \"Right, where am I looking?\" He questioned. ' Twelfth floor, far corner, dark brunette, ' the second stated yet again while Doyle dropped his scoped vision to the directed floor and scanned the occupants of the room, the ones he could see any way. He vision instantly clocked on a familiar face and his lips turned up in a grin, lighting completely at the look on the woman's face. She was staring into space with an extremely unimpressed look that made him chuckle. ' Got her? ' the first questioned while Doyle nodded his head despite the other men not being able to see. \"Yer, I got her,\" He grinned. ' Think she needs saving? ' the third wondered out loud to the group. ' Whoa! We got a creep moving in, yeah! She needs saving! ' the second laugh. Doyle watched as a bald headed man, zigzagged threw the mass of people and creeped up behind the pretty woman who had spaced out, alerting her to his presence by placing a hand on her shoulder, which in turn caused her to jolt out of her trace and turn to him lightly, her face dropping before being replaced with a forced smile as she obviously recognised the man, slowly turning to look back out the window and finally giving a pained cringe. 000 Looking down into her drink, Hannah nodded as if she was paying every word the man next to her spoke her fullest attention but every time he would turn away from her, her face would drop into a frown, or she'd give a roll of her eyes. With a light frown the bald man turned around fully as he was bumped into and Hannah took this opportunity to completely explode, mouthing out a silent string of furious insults as she struggled to hold her free hand back from hitting him, allowing it to bash the air at the back of his head. When the bald man turned back to face her she brought her walloping fist back to her and clamped her hand over her mouth to save her from actually shouting anything, her face returning to a fake pleasant look as she raised her brows and gave a nod as he then continued his depressing rant. With look of total loathing she dragged her hand away from her mouth and let it cup her cheek as she then closed her eyes and tilted her head back, mouthing out a helpless 'oh my god' 000 With a grin Doyle pulled away from the scope with a chuckle, having watched the woman obviously grow from irritated to furious every time the bald headed man opened his mouth. \"I got this one boys,\" Doyle grinned. 000 Please shut up, please shut up, please shut up, Hannah had taken to repeating over and over in her head as the man continued to talk on about his wonders and visions of living during the outbreak, going into vast detail about everything. Hannah had also given up the polite mask and was now staring with a rather irritated look on her face out the window once again, a childish pout almost on her face as she continued to be trapped and tormented with this man. She looked down at her drink and swilled the little contence in her cup before downing the rest with a scowl, the cringe of drinking vodka long gone. She almost jumped out of her skin when the sound of something other than the droning man next to her sounded, causing her to look around as the phone next to her rang, wondering if anyone was going to answer. She looked at the noisy contraption almost longingly, the drone of the man's speech still rambling in one ear so with a sudden burst of need she held a finger out to the man. \"One moment!\" She chirped in an overly joyous tone, she probably wouldn't have managed, if it hadn't been for the lengthy amount of alcohol she had consumed. She then picked up the phone and placed it to her ear. \"Hello?\" She asked rather hopefully. 'You look in need of help,' a soothingly deep voice seemed to grin down the line, the change in tone and over all sound was almost pleasant for her to listen too. \"You have no idea,\" She sighed, obviously tired and drained from the man she had been forced into conversation. 'Probably,' the man chuckled while she recognised something and the man's voice instantly clicked in her mind. \"Is this who I think it is?\" She smiled lightly, what seemed like her first real smile in awhile. 'Depends, who'd you think it is?' he questioned in a light, playful tone. \"I'm thinking something that beings with S,\" She started in her own playful tone. 000 Stalker, Doyle instantly summed and bowed his head to hide his grin despite no one actually being able to see him. 'But at the moment I'm defiantly thinking Hero,' The dark haired woman then continued, causing the Sergeant to lift his head with a more pleased smile as he peeked threw his scope only to smile more at the soft, playful smile on the woman's face. \"Well, it's all for you,\" he grinned, watching as a wider smile lightened her face. 'Hmm, well I'm not entirely sure if I should be worried you know where I am and am in need of saving or thankful,' The woman gave a coy grin. \"You want help?\" Doyle simply taunted as if he was going to take the option away from her. 'Yes! I'm sorry, please don't leave me!' she instantly cringed, causing Doyle to chuckle. \"Right, just tell the guy you need to pop out, he probably won't offer to walk you, he don't look the type,\" the sniper observed as he scanned the man before turning back to the pretty woman and catching her relieved look. \"He'll just give you no choice and come along,\" He then added, watching as she instantly deflated from relieved back into irritated, and fought to hold back his laugh. 000 \"So what do I do?\" Hannah almost whined only to get a laughed reply. 'Tell him you have to go,' he repeated, a grin in his tone. With a cringe Hannah slowly pulled the phone from her ear and turned stiffly to face the man. \"Hi!\" She started lamely to get his attention only to notice she already had it. \"Sorry, but… I have to go!\" She chirped out with a fake, apologetic smile. \"It's ok, I'll get your coat and walk you,\" The bald man gave a simple shrug with his plain tone and headed off, leaving Hannah to glare at the spot he was once at with much hate, slowly turning back to the phone. \"He's getting my coat,\" She almost growled. 'Good, just make your way out the building,' He then instructed. \"But I don't wanna go anywhere with him!\" Hannah once again whined. 'Trust me,' was all the man said soothingly. \"Ok, fine,\" Hannah rolled her eyes, giving a pout of distaste as she then put the phone down and headed towards the door where the man stood holding her two coats, how he knew what was hers she really didn't want to get into, so with a nod of thanks she took the items and walked past, heading strait for the lift. After the agonising wait for the lift, Hannah could only thank that it was in silence, they both stepped in. \"What floor you on?\" The man questioned and she instantly shot him a look for total disapproval before silently reaching forwards and pressing for the ground floor before busying herself with pulling her pink cotton cardigan on, followed by her jean jacket. 000 \"Alright boys, you wanna help out?\" Doyle called down the radio link, getting a flurry of responses from the three other men as they jumped at the chance for something different. 000 With her arms folded and a killer glare on her face, Hannah drummed her fingers against her arm impatiently as she stood listening to the bald man, who's name she realised she didn't know, started off another rant. \"You ever wonder what it would feel like to turn into one?\" He questioned turning to her. \"No, I don't!\" She shot in a clipped tone. \"Do you think there are still some out there?\" \"I don't bloody know! Why don't we take a lovely joy ride out there and find out!\" Hannah burst, throwing an arm out to point off in a random direction from where she stood in the slow moving lift. \"You would want to go out there?\" He raised a brow. \"Nothing is out there,\" She rolled her eyes. \"But still, if you had the chance, would you go out there?\" his tone seemed to change in the oddest of ways. \"Listen…\" She paused as she drew a blank on his name. \"Rhys,\" He handed his name over slowly, as if he was shocked she didn't remember. \"What ever,\" she simply waved away the name she didn't really care for. \"I ain't ever getting the chance to go out there and if I did, there isn't anything out there I want to really go and see,\" At this she gave a shrug and folded her arms once again. \"Wouldn't you want to see what happened?\" He started up again with his questions while Hannah hung her head. When the lift finally reached ground floor she couldn't get out the confined space quick enough, speeding out hotly only to be swamped by three men in uniform. One man slapped her wrists in cuffs while the other two, shuffled Rhys back into the lift with barked orders and warnings, yelling about this and that, for his own safety. Everything seemed suddenly very loud and out of control as the men then ushered her off.[Chapter 10] helloooooo... i had started this ages ago... but i was sure where it was going... i know how this story is gunnu go and how it will work out... but this chapter i drew a bit of a blank buuuut luckily! i'm back with my brain! I HAVE IDEAS AGAIN! 10: Weirdoes! \"What's happening?\" Hannah chirped timidly as she was lead out of the building, peering around the three men that had boxed her in. \"I have no idea what is going on, can you please shed some light?\" She asked hopefully. \"If I'm being arrested shouldn't I be read my rights?\" A light frown pulled at her brows. \"I have the right to an attorney!\" She then stated, holding a hand in the air to help make the point an even bigger statement, thou all she managed to do was tug her other arm up awkwardly seeing as her hands where cuffed together, leaving her to clatter around with her arms stupidly. \"Ok I'm sorry! I know I shouldn't have done it, but please understand!\" The dark haired woman then spiralled off in a tipsy rant, her voice hitching as she seemed she was going to burst into tears at any moment, something that caused the three men to exchange looks before looking at the hand cuffed woman with a much softer expression. \"Alright fine!\" She then huffed in irritation, all evidence of possible tears fully gone as she turned off the water works and decided to accept her fate. \"I have no idea, for the life of me, what I have done!\" Hannah gave an awkward shrug, ignoring the unimpressed looks from the three soldiers she had managed to trick with her fake tears. The walk was short and the confused woman took none of it in, she simply followed on with the men while looking down at the handcuffs with a slight amusement, having never been in hand cuffs before it was oddly exciting to her, or that's what the alcohol made her think any way. \"You ok?\" One of the soldiers spoke up, concerned over her silence seeing as she had been only too happy to ramble out her demands and statements minutes earlier. \"Oh you do speak!\" She instantly chirped with a bright smile, almost seeming like a simple-minded idiot. \"So could you now, perhaps, explain the reason behind the hand cuffs?\" She kept the same smile but raised her brows with the question as her small herding group came to a stop. \"You said you wanted help,\" a different voice spoke up, an obvious smile in the tone making it all too familiar and when Hannah swirled around in search of the voice she instantly fitted the voice to the face. \"Ah, I should have known,\" She nodded with a smile before holding her arms out to show the cuffs. \"A little unnecessary but affective,\" She shrugged. \"Do you still want us to read you, your rights?\" One of the other boys smirked, just about holding back a snicker. \"No, it's fine, but you can take these off,\" She simply frowned. \"I got it from here guys, thanks,\" Their Sergeant nodded, dismissing the three grinning men and allowing them to get back to their posts. \"Won't you get in trouble for that?\" Hannah questioned curiously. \"Nope, I have contacts,\" He grinned as he plucked a small key from his pocket and gently took her right wrist, lifting her hands and quickly ridding her of the cuffs. \"Thanks,\" She mumbled lightly, rubbing at her wrists as the tight pressure vanished while watching as he gave her a nod before turning to his radio, starting a conversation with a crackle. \"Hey, Joe?\" He spoke down the line. 'Sup Doyle?' a bored voice was quick to reply. \"Thanks for sorting the security cameras\" The sniper gave a coy grin as he spoke. 'Ah! No probs mate, gave me summit to do,' Joe crackled back. \"Well thanks again,\" He nodded before muting the radio link and turning to take in Hannah who was stood, simply staring. \"How did you know where I was?\" She instantly accused. \"Your welcome,\" He then scoffed out with a laugh. \"Yer that too, but still!\" She quickly waved it away. \"Should I be scared of you?\" the question chirped out lightly, an unsure tone lacing the words. \"I mean, guy with a gun, on top of a building, with a gun, looking into apartments…with a gun, knowing where people are, what they've been doing…calling them…\" Her brows rose as she looked across at him expectantly, only for the man to continue to stand completely relaxed with a single brow raised on his face. \"It don't sound too good…that someone with an S is starting to creep to mind again,\" She held an accusing face as she pointed towards him the buzz of alcohol seeming to influence her words more, to which he simply rolled his eyes. \"Stalker? I get it,\" He nodded. \"A few of my men had spotted the dull party and were messing around, they picked you out of the crowd,\" He then stated, speaking with authority as if he was giving evidence for himself in court. \"Actually I was thinking Sergeant…\" She paused as she caught his eye, watching innocently as a small grin turned up on his lips. \"Alright, lets start over!\" He smiled and held a hand out. \"Hi, I'm Sergeant Doyle and I am not a stalker,\" The grin pulled up at his lips more, his eyes lighting with amusement as his words sparked a laugh from the woman in front of him. \"Nice too meet you, I'm glad your not a stalker,\" She nodded with a bright smile taking his hand and shaking it. \"Really?\" He raised his brows with a grin as he released her hand. \"Still no name?\" \"Does it really bother you that much, not knowing my name?\" She couldn't help but giggle. \"Well I guess I'll just use your other name then,\" He turned slowly with a shrug, digging his hands into his pockets casually as he started a slow walk. \"…Excuse me?\" The smile fell from Hannah's lips like a led weight, quickly replaced with utter confusion. \"Jocelyn!\" He held his head up high with a wide smile as he spoke the name loud enough for the woman now falling behind to hear. \"That's not my name!\" She instantly chirped, jumping into step to follow him. \"Well that is the only name I have on you so I might as well use it!\" He spun around and walked a few paces backwards as the dark haired woman caught up. \"Oh I see your game!\" She narrowed her eyes at him in a mock scowl. \"Do you now?\" He grinned, a brow raising as he stopped his backwards paces as the woman placed her hands on her hips and came to a halt in front of him. \"Yer!\" She stated confidently with a nod. \"Well then Jocelyn, would you care for a walk?\" he gave an elaborate bow which earned a giggle from Hannah before standing up strait and holding a hand out to her. \"I'm not sure about Jocelyn, but I'll keep you company,\" she nodded, folding her arms across her chest and moving around him with quick strides. With a cheeky grin Doyle was quick to follow, stepping up next to her and matching her strides. 000 \"You really didn't look at all impressed,\" The sniper laughed with a boyish grin turning up the corners of his lips. \"Oh I wasn't, but to be honest I should be used to weirdoes,\" The brunette shrugged, the alcohol she had drunk now dwindling out to a low level leaving the once numb buzz way behind, not that she minded now she was in better company. The drink was no longer needed to help numb all her senses to the point she couldn't comprehend most of what was being spoken to her, perhaps if she was still sat with that damn odd ball of a man with his weird questions then she would probably be ducking and diving to keep hidden while searching for a re-fill. \"Really? You know a few?\" Doyle raised a brow as he turned to look at the woman sat next to him in slight amusement. \"Yer, I know a few weirdoes, but their the good kind, you know like your weird friends you love,\" She explained with a flick of her wrist as she looked across the murky water of the Thames river. \"I say I should be used to weirdoes because they are the only people I seem to attract,\" She finished with an almost baffled tone. \"It must be my face, I have a freaky face that just attracts really weird people, and now I mean weird!\" She turned to the sniper next to her with raised brows as she shared her concerns over her weirdo attracting face. \"I'm sure it's not that bad, your face isn't the least bit freaky,\" He couldn't help but speak with a grin, the need to laugh pulling at his cheeks so bad they started to hurt. When most women made negative comments about them selves it was usually over something completely idle or something that wasn't even there to begin, they just felt insecure and needed to draw attention to make-believe issues so they could then be complemented by others to make them selves feel better. When this dark haired woman made a comment about her self, it was more comical than anything else, like she hadn't even thought of her appearance much until she noticed such weird personalities being pulled her way, and then instead of becoming self conscious she buckled down hard to come up with some form of explanation as to why she was attracting them, her explanation was, 'her freaky face'. \"Not that bad!\" Hannah almost scoffed yet a smile tugged at her lips as she thought back on some fun memories of her weird meetings. \"I had one man sit next to me then complain that I wasn't even talking so I tried to make conversation with him only for him to start giggling like school girl, and instead of replying to what I said he just kept repeating my name over and over in a really weird way,\" She finished with a slight cringe as she thought back. \"It was sort of like a creepy, high pitch, sing song kind of way, and he kept putting 'ohh' in front of my name each time,\" she pursed her lips as she gave a nod, almost as if she was listening to the voice of the odd man she once met, in her head. \"Ok, I take that back, that sounds weird,\" The sniper snorted out with laugh he desperately tried to control. \"Yer, one of many,\" Hannah nodded crossing her arms over the barrier in front of her, and swinging her legs as she leaned forwards to peer down at the dirty water slowly flowing beneath them, the heels of her flimsy dolly shoes making soft taps as they kicked against the walled river edge. Doyle had led them to the edge of the Thames during their stroll and now they both sat with their legs daggling over the river, the metal railing keeping them safely away from the river as the lowest part of the black painted barrier was at chest height for Hannah sat down and the height of the barrier reached just at the bottom of her ribs, slightly above the waist when she was stood, or rather leaning over the barrier like a kid. \"You seem almost proud?\" Doyle gave a confused smile, watching as the woman next to him beamed with a grin. \"Well, they do prove to be funny and entertaining, not at the time mind you, just afterwards when you can laugh back on it,\" she nodded before turning her brown eyes away from the murky water and towards the Sergeant. \"What about you? You attract many weirdoes?\" She questioned with an small expectant smile. \"Not often no, but I did managed to get myself quite a character once,\" he nodded with a chuckle. \"Sounds interesting,\" Hannah nodded, giving a smile to encourage him to continue. \"I had some leave back home a while back so I went out with some of the guys, we hit a few bars and one of them I bumped into this beautiful little blonde, big blue eyes, she was a looker,\" Her rambled with a grin, replaying the night in his head while the once intrigued look on Hannah's face tugged down slighting in disinterest and almost resentment of the unknown woman he was describing. She couldn't help but roll her eyes, it's always a gorgeous blonde, why did she have to have dark hair? There was no hope in hell for her with her dark hair, common brown eyes and freaky face! \"She came over to me and started talking, and I don't mean small talk, she blasted into a full conversation about hair, now I have no idea how anyone could possibly have so much to say about hair!\" He held his hands up as if surrendering to the conversation about hair like it was in front of him. \"Oh, and that was going to be my next topic,\" Hannah teased with a pouting smile. \"That's not the worst,\" he grinned before continuing on. \"She had this thing about keeping a tight grip on my sleeve so I couldn't go anywhere and after about forty minutes of her non-stop talking she decided to seduce me, I think that was what she was trying to do anyway,\" He frowned lightly. \"What did she do?\" The brunette frowned lightly thou the corners of her lips remained curled up in a smile. \"She, uhh, pulled the padding from her bra out, it was all rubbery and skin coloured,\" He cringed. \"She then dunked it in my drink before popping it in her mouth to suck it clean… I still don't know what to make of it to this day,\" He looked across the river to the dead part of the city on the other side with a confused if slightly disturbed look on his face. Hannah had slapped a hand over her mouth to suppress the very loud laugh that would have other wise burst out, leaving her instead to snicker uncontrollably into her hand as she leaned over the railing, her shoulders shaking. \"I hardly touched that drink too, total waste,\" He shook his head, his eyes remaining on the city as he crossed his arms over the barrier from where they were once draped. \"Are you serious!\" Hannah finally managed to shriek with laughter before placing her hands to her face to hold her cheeks down. \"Aw my cheeks hurt now!\" She laughed. \"Yer, she stalked me for the rest of the night, it was horrifying, you shouldn't laugh!\" he shook his head at her, even thou the faint curl of a smile was pulling at his lips. \"I'm sorry, sorry!\" she held a hand out as she slowly managed to calm herself from her giggles. kk so i finished off this chapter which i was stuck on with a bit of, fun, playfull, bonding time :D and luckily i have ideas for the next few chapters now soem totally cute fluff chapters and some totally not cute, not fluff chapters... coz i love my action and excitment :D bahahahahah and thanks to all my reviews! you guys gave me the power to get past my mental block! and finish this chapter...even if it was just a bit of fun chats :D MORE TO COME![Chapter 11] Sooooooooooooo ... the next one will be better ¬¬ this one is sorta like a space taker...yer ¬¬ 11: What are friends for? \"…Are you sure your ok?\" The keen eyed sniper paused what he was previously saying as he noticed the woman next him give a violent shiver, one which she tried to control which only made her stiffen slightly. \"Oh yer fine!\" She instantly waved away, fidgeting something awful, shifting from foot to foot slowly as their walk stopped. \"Just cold,\" She then shrugged. With a raise of his brow Doyle tilted his head back slightly and squinted towards the blue sky as the bright sun glared at his eye sight. \"…The sun is out\" he stated flatly before turning back to her. \"Well… I've been on holiday for a while where it was hotter, not to mention stranded there for quite sometime so I sort of acclimatised and now this is cold…\" Hannah held her hands out in a motion to show the weather around them in Britain. \"…I don't think it works quite that fast…\" The Sergeant couldn't help but correct her and put a slight downer on her other wise well sprung up excuse, she instantly felt deflated, her words probably would have worked on any one else but the sniper had a sharp mind so unfortunately it didn't work. The only other option was to just tell the truth, say what was actually wrong, but she couldn't, she wouldn't! \"Am I not allowed to feel cold…\" She then chirped, almost seeming offended and instantly Doyle held his hands up in defence. \"Alright, do you want my jacket?\" he offered with raised brows. \"Oh, no thank you I'm fine, plus that thing looks baking hot,\" She shook her head as she looked at the issued smock all forces personal where given with a small laugh. Not only was the item massive but it would probably end up cooking her. \"…but,\" Doyle started off with a tilt of his head only for the dark haired woman to instantly chirp up. \"Aren't you roasting in that?\" her question was urgent, a definite sign she was getting him to change the subject. \"A little,\" He nodded, following as Hannah edged towards the large apartment block. 000 \"Where the hell have you been!\" Claire instantly chirped in annoyance, a frown on her face as she paused what she was doing. \"Can't talk now!\" Hannah instantly blurted, holding out a hand to stop her friend from talking. The frown on Claire's face turned from angry to confusion as her dark haired friend instantly burst into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her self. Her brows then raised towards her hair line once the toilet flushed and Hannah remerged. \"Oh my god you have no idea how long I have been holding half a bottle of wine, five vodkas and like two litres of fizzy pop in my bladder!\" The dark haired woman sighed with relief. \"Were there no toilets where you vanished off too?\" Claire set her hands on her hips. \"Not that I knew off, we were out side, plus I didn't want to ask! Just not attractive! Aw and to make it worse we where by the river for ages! I thought I was going to piss my self then have to accidentally fall into the river to hide the fact! But I managed to hold!\" She gave a proud nod at her accomplishment before a small frown tugged at her brows. \"God knows how, but I was fidgeting and twitching like a mental patient…ohh damn it, I probably looked like a twat!\" Hannah then threw her arm up with a scoff and roll of her eyes as if she had ruined something but didn't give too much of a care towards it. \"Well, that's what I get for failing to lie and slyly edge into the lift while I'm being spoken too,\" she sighed, heading over to the sofa and dumping herself down into a slouched sit. \"Ok, I've decided I don't want to know any more,\" Claire shook her head before continuing to poor the just boiled water into her pot noodle. \"Fine by me, I rather not talk about my utter fails,\" Hannah grumbled with a lazy wave of her arm from where she sat, the realisation of her utter twitchy weirdness has properly caused her to send a hot guy running. Hannah's dismal thoughts and Claire's pot noodle making was interrupted by three hearty knocks on the door. The blonde paused in the kitchen, the sauce sachet between her teeth from where she was trying to rip it open, while the brunette tilted a head back to peer at the door. \"Your closer,\" She then grumbled to the blonde. \"Fine,\" Claire rolled her eyes as she set the sauce packet down and headed for the door, swinging it open with a bored expression. \"Yes?\" She huffed tiredly before she even saw the person behind the door and once she did she perked up instantly. \"Oh hi!\" She beamed with a smile that went strait to her blue eyes and from the living room Hannah huffed wondering who had gotten her into such a chipper mood so suddenly. \"Hi,\" The male nodded, a twitch of a frown pulling at his brows as he leaned away from the woman's sudden eagerness. \"I was just wondering if, umm,\" The man paused realising he still had no name and Jocelyn was hardly going to come in handy here. \"If your friend was in?\" He then raised his brows, giving himself a clap on the back for that save. \"Why, and who's asking?\" A coy smile instantly fell over Claire's face as if the devil suddenly possessed her. \"Doyle and well, she went quite suddenly and I'm not sure if I said or did something to upset her, so…\" Doyle opened his arms in a light shrug before clapping his hands together lightly and rubbing his palms, all in all feeling rather awkward, tie him down and interrogate the man in away way and he'd be fine, he was trained for that, what he wasn't trained for was getting past the devilishly grinning best friend of a woman he had some how managed to chase off. \"…Are you ok?\" He leaned further away from the blonde with a light frown as her wide, almost evil grin seemed ready to split her lips if it grew anymore. \"Oh I'm fine,\" She nodded in a hushed voice. \"Soooo…\" The sniper looked around the hall. \"Is she in?\" He then continued with a raise of the brow, if she wasn't he could at least start backing away from the blonde that looked to be brimming with a well held back, wild excitement. \"Oh she's in!\" Claire then stated loudly giving a nod and instantly Doyle's brows rose. \"And I'm pretty sure she was fine, she said something about having pissed herself so she had to dart off,\" Claire nodded only to screech as she was yanked away from the door, digging her nails into the wood work as she was pulled roughly causing the door to be pulled open with her and hit the wall once she let go before swinging leisurely to a loud close. \"You whore!\" Hannah bellowed as she twirled Claire into the living space, leaving the blonde to flail to a stop. \"What! He asked, I was just saying what I knew!\" She instantly defended even thou her face held an openly pleased smile. \"Your such a cow!\" Hannah lowered her tone. \"Now what do I do!\" She hissed throwing a wild point towards the door. \"Just go! I'm sure he'll see the funny side!\" Claire waved. \"You just told him I pissed myself!\" Hannah fisted her hands into her hair. \"Could be worse,\" The blonde gave a shrug while Hannah looked at her friend with an open gape. \"…How!\" She then threw her hands down from her hair to ask. \"I could have said you shit your self,\" One shoulder lifted in a half shrug as the blue eyed woman grinned and the brown eyed woman frowned at her in a open mouthed stupor. \"You won't be asking me to get the door again, will you?\" She then snickered. \"You're the devil!\" Hannah finally recovered with a shake of her head and headed towards the door, turning back to her friend with a glare and a point. \"This will come back around and bite you in the ass missy! I'll make sure of it!\" the dark haired woman threatened before grasping the door handle. With a raise of his brows Doyle looked around the empty hall way, having been staring at the closed door for a few minutes in an undisturbed shock, before managing to bring himself out if it. Perusing his lips he gave the hall way and ceiling another disinterested inspection, rocking back and for on his heels before clasping his hands behind his back as he then looked down, watching his leather booted toes lift and lower back to the ground with each rock. When the door finally gave a click and opened Doyle raised his eyes, lips still perused and upon finding the dark haired woman he had first come to speak to he lifted his whole head, one brow raising towards his hair line, head cocking to the side lightly and lips forming a smirk. \"You pissed your self?\" \"No!\" Hannah chirped with a huff, turning her eyes to the ceiling as she took a deep breath. \"I did not piss my self,\" She cleared. \"…But I almost did,\" She then shrugged. \"So…that was the reason for your rather hasty departure?\" Doyle grinned, trying his damned hardest not to snort out a laugh. \"Yes…sorry,\" Her brown eyes darted around inspecting the floor between them. \"Why didn't you say?\" The questioned came out with a laugh as Doyle shook his head. \"We passed plenty of toilets!\" He shook his head with a grin. \"Well… it's not exactly the most attractive question I could have asked!\" She tried to defend with a huff. \"So instead you suffer until you start to lie, twitch and run off?\" He raised his brows. \"…It…sounds bad when you say it like that!\" Hannah thought it over, giving a slow nod. \"And here I though I did something wrong,\" Doyle grinned, opening his arms with a light shrug. \"Sorry,\" Hannah hung her head with a chuckle. \"It's alright,\" He shook his head with his own chuckle. \"Hey! Next time we'll make up a code,\" he gave a boyish grin that caused a smile to turn up on Hannah's lips, her brows raising. \"Next time?\" She questioned tilting her head as the sniper backed up slowly towards the lift. \"Yer, tonight!\" He nodded, blindly pressing the call button for the lift that was already waiting on the floor, no one else having used it. \"You can buy me a drink, you owe me remember,\" His grin turned coy as he stepped back into the lift. \"Ok,\" Hannah giggled, to stunned to say anything else. \"See you at eight,\" He winked, the grin still lighting his face as the lift doors slid closed. hands up if ur best friend has ever embarrsed you! whoop!...bad times soooo yer... when i say this chap was a space taker it's only coz it is acting like a pointer...a reason for sending the character out...with Doyle :D next chapter will be better! and far more intresting! i promise you that! Hopefully! ...it sounds good in my head any way... so yer! i hope the next one will be much better and then after that! a little bit of excitment will be thrown in! scary excitment! if you know what i mean! dun dun duuuuun![Chapter 12] Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeey long time no see ... hehehehehehe...*creeps off with nervous giggling* 12: Dating Tally \"At Eight! It's quarter to seven now!\" the brunette screeched frantically, flapping her hands in an attempt at shaking the panic from her body and replacing it with calm, the technique was not working. \"You got an hour and fifteen minutes to get ready! It's fine!\" Claire waved away casually. \"No it's not! I need to shower and re-do my make up! Plus how long do you take!\" Hannah threw a hand out to motion to her friend. \"What do you mean how long do I take? I'm not the one asked out!\" Claire pulled a face like she had just sucked a lemon. \"I'm not going on my own!\" Was all the dark haired woman screeched and suddenly everything was pushed into motion as Claire also clicked on the lack of time if she was also to get ready. \"Shit get moving!\" The blonde yelped, shooing her frantic friend off. 000 Hannah had managed to blast herself in the shower, quickly slap her face on and throw her hair into rollers. \"Claire come on!\" She whined, shifting from foot to foot as the minutes passed by. \"Says you, you still have rollers in your bloody hair!\" The blonde huffed from where she sat straitening her hair. \"And I ain't going any where with kinks in my hair!\" She stated. \"I have to take them out last minute and quickly back comb the roots or my hair will go flat like strait away!\" Hannah groaned out like it was the most obvious thing in the word and over exaggerating her hair volume issues. \"Will you chill! It would seem stalker-ish to turn up on time!\" Clair rolled her blue eyes. \"We're like ten minutes late already!\" The frantic brunette exclaimed despite the time only showing Seven thirty one on the clock. \"Yer! That's fine! Ten minutes is less stalker-ish but still too eager!\" The blonde mumbled, half her attention on the scolding hot tongs she was pulling threw her hair. \"What…do you have like a time chart or something for the perfect date entrance?\" Hannah had managed to calm slightly at her friend's odd words. \"Yup! Half an hour early, you're weird. Twenty minutes early, you're desperate. Ten minutes early, you're novice…not sure why but arriving ten minutes early is like you've panicked because you've never been on a date, so it's novice!\" Claire shrugged ignoring Hannah's gawping look and simply combed threw her hair. \"Bang on time is just stalker-ish, no one does that! Ten minutes late shows your eager. Twenty minutes late, say your just so desirable you'll just have to wait that little extra, plus it gets them checking their watches!\" The blonde gave a wink to her friend threw the reflection of the mirror. \"Half an hour late or more then your just an obnoxious bitch!\" she then finished quickly with a flap of her hand. \"Great! So I'm going to seem like the obnoxious bitch!\" The dark haired woman rolled her eyes with a huff, her energy levels seeming to deflate. \"No your not! It's only…seven thirty five now!\" Claire frowned, having paused so she could check the time on the clock. \"We ain't even ten minutes late like you were flapping over before! Now, we are going to leave here at ten past, so that means he'll only have been waiting ten minuets!\" With that said the blonde turned off her straighteners and picked up a tube of lip gloss. \"But it'll take like ten minutes to get over there!\" Hannah frowned lightly while Claire paused her lip gloss application, her lips still pouted. \"Then he'll be checking his watch, because your just too desirable,\" the blonde smirked. \"I'm going to take the rollers out and back comb my hair, you better hurry,\" Was all the dark haired woman mumbled as she turned on her heels and left her friend. \"Aw see! Look who's going to make us late now!\" Claire called with a laugh while Hannah simply rolled her eyes from where she was, delicately removing a roller from her hair before giving the roots a quick back comb. 000 \"I'm over dressed aren't I!\" Hannah flapped as she and Claire headed towards the bar. \"Your wearing jeggings! And a cardigan! How is that over dressed!\" The blonde frowned watching as her panicking friend ruffled her loosely curled hair. \"Well I have heels on!\" She frowned. \"Yer! So do I, but you don't want to look too casual, the heels just dress it up slightly!\" the blonde waved away with a huff before pausing at the door to the bar. \"Right! Let's check you out!\" She grinned stopping her friend from walking with a groan. \"Seriously!\" Hannah rolled her eyes, standing in a slight slump. \"Let's just sort out your neck line,\" Claire mumbled twisting and tugging at the long leopard print top Hannah wore, the blonde had originally told her to wear the top as a dress seeing as it was long enough, but Hannah was having none of it. \"Whoa easy!\" Hannah then cheered, slapping her friend's hand away as the red lace of her bra was exposed. A few more cheers sounded right after Hannah's shocked one, these cheers sounding far more pleased and with a scowl Hannah shot the three men a glare as she tugged her top back up while Claire gave a cheeky grin and wink. \"Alright, go in now while your still in the desirable time frame,\" Claire then started to shoo her. \"Don't shove me!\" Hannah squealed like a shy school girl, slapping her blonde friend's hands away as she was backed up with prodding little pushes. \"Just go! When was the last time you had a date!\" Claire exclaimed with a joking raise of her brow. \"Shut up! And this isn't a date!\" Hannah couldn't help but shriek, totally horrified and fearful at the mention of the word. \"Oh come on! It so is!\" Claire rolled her blue eyes. \"No it isn't!\" The brown haired woman fussed, trying to move the matter on. \"Hey, at least it'll bring your dating tally up!\" The blonde shrugged with a laugh. \"What the hell is that supposed to mean?\" Hannah shot her friend a suspicious look. \"From zero to one… Helloooo , I do know you've never been on a date,\" Claire rose her brows with a patronising shake of her head. \"Hey! It's not my fault I don't get asked out!\" Hannah gawped, holding her hands out in an open shrug totally useless. \"Well you do turn into a bit of a pratt when asked… you just freak out,\" Claire nodded with thought. \"I thought you played it very cool earlier in the hall,\" She then continued. \"That's because I wasn't being asked on a date,\" Hannah mumbled in irritation. \"Nah, I think it was because you already used up all your pratt cards, you know with the whole piss your self incident…plus you did majorly freak out the moment you closed the door,\" Claire rambled on, rolling her hand as she explained. \"Are you quite finished?\" A brow rose on Hannah's face. \"Are you ready to go in? For your date ?\" Claire questioned back, a brow also raising on her face. \"…no…\" Hannah then mumbled quietly. \"And it's not a date! Stop piling the pressure on!\" she then quickly defended herself. \"You've never been on a date! Will you just accept this as one!\" Claire then yelled, far too loud and far too shrill. \"No, because it's not one!\" Hannah yelled back, growing far to agitated over the matter…she had nothing against going on dates, it would actually be nice to be taken on one for once, she just had a small idea of what she wanted when it came to setting up a date. For starters, she wanted to be taken out on a date with someone who actually liked her, and wanted to take her out, she'd also like to like the person taking her out and of course she'd like to know it was an actual date, not a meet up, a get together, a few drinks…nothing sideline like that, she will only take something as a date, if it is stated. But perhaps these factors where the reason her Rocket ship of love had yet to leave the ground, well scratch that, had yet to leave the air hanger. \"You've never been on a date?\" The question was asked, soft and smooth after the girl's bickering and on a deep voice of amusement. The question caught both women's attention causing Claire to lean to her right to look around Hannah and Hannah her self to turn on her heels, her face becoming like that of a deer caught in the head lights. \"Tch no !\" She instantly scoffed with an elaborate eye roll, trying to recover her image. \" Yer ! She goes threw dates like Kleenex tissues!\" Claire also scoffed, trying to be helpful in her own special way but with each word that fell from her lips, it caused a cringe to drop further on Hannah's. \"She hands them out to each heart she breaks,\" The blonde held a hand to her chest with a tiny pout. \"To wipe away the tears…\" She then lifted a hand to her face and brushed away an imaginary tear. \"I DO NOT!\" Hannah had turned on her friend like a wailing banshee. \"Yer sure,\" Claire waved her friend off before moving to step around her and the man. \"How's it going Doyle,\" She nodded with a catty grin, quite happily leaving her friend awkwardly panicking on what to do. \"I was actually worried you wouldn't come,\" He answered with a shrug. \" Really ?\" Hannah frowned lightly, actually recoiling for shock, even as she tried to contain herself. Luckily the sniper noted this and chuckled. \"Yer, you had me checking me watch, I thought perhaps I was too forward…given the situation and all…\" He looked around the darkening area outside the bar, as if hinting at the area around and the reason why it was like the way it was. \"Oh, no, you were fine,\" Hannah quickly waved away, knowing full well her situation. \"She's just so damn desirable is all,\" Claire's voice added helpfully in a whisper behind Doyle, having paused half in the door way, causing the man to turn around and raise a brow while Hannah shot her a seething look and with a giggle the blonde was gone. \"I was simply held up but her,\" Hannah continued to explain, motioning to the now closed door with a defeated sigh, she was suddenly tired and unsure if she wanted to be here, after the continuing chain of embarrassing incidents. \"And please, don't listen to a thing she says,\" Hannah gave a small smile. \"Ever!\" She added more sternly. \"I quite like her,\" Doyle then gave a rather boyish grin. \"What! Why ?\" Hannah once again recoiled, both with shock and suspicion… and perhaps a defensive form of paranoia as the thought of him taking more of a liking to her friend popped to mind, she was slimmer with blonde hair and blue eyes after all. \"I learn more things about you when she's around,\" He gave a rather coy grin while Hannah gawped at what to say, or do for that matter. \"…s-she…she lies,\" The dark haired woman stuttered before finishing more confidently with a shake of her head, while a brow remained raised on Doyle's face as did his grin. \"So where you just leaving?\" Hannah then looked around the front of the bar, noting awkwardly they had moved no further than the two steps in front of the door and she was unsure if this would be where she was left. \"No, just waiting for you Miss Jocelyn,\" He smiled, holding the door open for her and motioning her inside, causing Hannah to shake her head with a laugh at the name, before stepping into the bar with a nod of thanks. 000 The hours pulled further into the night and Hannah noted with another round of vodka inside her the conversation had grown far more confident and dare she say it flirty, but a very low key hardly there, more of a wink of flirtation… Hannah wasn't too big on flirting, she never thought she could do it properly and the last thing she wanted was to look like an arse. The talk hadn't started off too bad before the alcohol mind, and Hannah put that down to the already friendly and casual talks they've already had. But she was shaken at the start, the word 'date' echoing around in her head hauntingly, but then again that part was down to her friend. Things were rolling along well but Hannah knew it shouldn't have lasted for long, and the bad omen came in the form of a blonde bomb shell. \"Hey Miss Valentine! I got my self a Valentine!\" Claire cheered, looping an arm around Hannah's neck and tugging her towards her in a tight hug, nearly yanking the poor woman off her bar stool. \"Hey Claire!\" Hannah forced a smile and fake happy tone. \"You're drunk..\" She continued, her happy tone lowering thou the forced smile remained, even as her left eye twitched in utter hate and irritation. \"Tch! I ain't that bad! But I need the room key!\" The blonde held her hand out expectantly and Hannah nodded and reached for her bag on the bar before she paused. \"…Wait!…Why?\" She eyed her friend with suspicion. \"Because I forgot mine!\" Claire simply shrugged still with her hand out while Hannah slowly worked it out of her bag, unsure. \"It's weird, you know!\" The blonde continued stupidly, but this time turning her attention to the poor sniper, sat rather confused and quite irritated at having been interrupted. \"Her surname is like a curse to her, but a lucky charm to her friends!\" She shrugged with a grin, causing Doyle to lean away from her slightly, seeing as she was talking louder than need be. \"How so?\" The sniper oddly enough decided to humour himself, he might after all learn something and with that thought a small cheeky grin lifted at his lips as he shot the dark haired woman across from him a quick glance and seeing her look of stunned dread he listened in to the blonde. \"Well, with a name like Valentine you'd think love! But no ! She get's no luck, but any friends around her do!\" Claire grinned while Hannah was busy mentally banging her head on a sharp corner as she sat with her elbow probed up on the bar and her head in hand, her other hand dropped down onto her lap, holding the room card weakly. \"How crazy is that!\" She then cheered before snatching the card from the dark haired woman's hand and marching off in an odd zigzag fashion, linking arms with a tall guy at the door. With a deep inhale threw her nose, Hannah slowly dragged her head up and looked across the bar and to the door just spotting her friend and mysterious feller vanish. \"Whoa wait!\" She then perked, sitting up strait causing the already grinning Doyle to choke on the swig of beer he just took. \"What!\" He followed up in alarm. \"Who'd she take with her?\" Hannah frowned. \"I don't know, why?\" Doyle shook his head, answering questions for a reason he had no clue to. \"Well…she took the room key so I can't get in…and she's taken a guy with her so…\" Hannah left the situation speak for it's self. \"I ain't bringing her here again!\" the dark haired woman then crossed her arms in an annoyed sulk. \"Well…\" Doyle started with a one shouldered shrug, lifting his beer bottle to his lips as he took another drink, giving a dramatic pause and baiting the woman across from him on what he was going to say. \"Valentine is far better than Jocelyn!\" He gave a broad, boyish grin. \"I like it,\" He winked. *continues to creep off* I'm sorry... this was just like a directional chapter... tiz simply directing the story to the next up coming situation ...if u can guess what it is ;] and i couldn't just plonk them in said situation... they just had to wind up finding them selves there... ...and i used a good old, pratt around best friend to do just that! :D soooo... yaay for said situation (if u can guess it) in the next chapter :D ","Summary":" Ok...so i fell in love with Doyle can you blame me? any hoooo i thought up a few cute ideas...which"},{"Movie":"Descendants","Title":"The Girl Of Violet Heritage","Author":"KaceyMackWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12994749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first Descendants fanfiction so I thought I'd go for something that I thought about a lot when I was reading the books and when I saw the movies! I do hope that you all enjoy and that you'll want me to write more! Please let me know what you think and what I can improve on because constructive criticism is how I get better as a writer! Also, if anyone happens to think of a better title to this story, please let me know! I'd be happy to credit you the title, as I was stumped as to what I should name it and just ended up going with my first idea that doesn't fully fit the flow of the story. Any and all help is appreciated! \"Evie… Evie!\" Mal shouted, rushing towards her blue haired best friend in a panicked frenzy. Evie, who was deep in conversation with Lonnie, appeared to not hear Mal until she was right next to the both of them. \"Evie!\" Mal repeated, shaking her friends shoulder uncontrollably. Evie spun around to look at Mal, whose eyes were brimming with fear. \"What is it, Mal?\" She asked, completely forgetting that Lonnie was there and focusing on Mal. Mal opened her mouth but she glanced at Lonnie in concern. Understanding, Lonnie took a few steps back and walked back down the path, pretending to be interested in the trees. Evie, who'd been watching Lonnie, snapped her head back to Mal. \"Evie… Ben is…\" Mal stuttered. \"Ben is…\" \"Ben is what?\" Evie said, trying to prod her friend along. Mal stomped her foot on the ground in frustration. \"Ben is… going to propose!\" She said in a panicked whisper. Fear and excitement rose in her chest but she didn't know what she was supposed to be feeling. Evie's eyes widened but before she could squeal or say anything, Mal clamped her hand over Evie's mouth. \"Shhhh…\" She scolded. Her friend's azure curls bobbed up and down and Mal removed her hand. \"How did you find out? And I thought you and Ben were already basically engaged?\" Evie whispered back, pulling her friend over to the side as some people came walking down the sidewalk. Mal's hands shook at her sides as she looked desperately at Evie. \"I… I overheard him talking to Jane about it! And… I mean, I thought so too… sort of. I mean, according to just about everyone, we've basically been engaged since he became king… but I don't know!\" Mal's heart raced. More people started to come down the path and Evie pulled Mal away. The two practically ran towards the dorm, sprinting into Evie's room and slamming the door shut. Mal fell against the door, sighing heavily as she slid down and her butt hit the floor. Evie walked over to her bed and sat down. She watched Mal for a few seconds, giving her time to breathe, then began to ask questions once more. \"First things first… go over exactly what you heard Ben and Jane talking about.\" She said, staring Mal down. Mal sighed and thought for a second. \"Well… I was walking to my locker to get my stuff for my next lesson when I heard Ben calling Jane over.\" She continued talking as she relived the moment in her head. \" Jane!\" Ben's voice filtered around the corner and floated to Mal's ear. She smiled just hearing his voice. She heard Jane reply and watched as she got up from the picnic tables that she was sitting at and walked to wherever Ben was around the corner. Mal grinned, thinking that she could sneak up behind the two of them and surprise Ben but as she crept up, she heard the two of them talking in hushed tones. \" But why?\" She heard Jane say. \"The two of you are basically already…\" \" But it'll make it more special.\" Ben cut her off. \" I guess… I'll help, of course!\" There was excitement in Jane's voice and Mal moved a little bit closer, hoping to hear more. \"Ohh, just imagine how surprised Mal will be when you propose!\" She said with enthusiasm. \" Shhh…\" Ben whispered. Everything else was lost to the wind as Mal processed what she'd just heard. Her heart began to pound and she felt fear begin to build up in her mind. Every inch of her body was buzzing and she couldn't fathom the idea of getting married when she was barely in college. \"And that's when I ran to find you.\" She said, her heart racing once more after reliving the moment. Evie looked at her friend pitily. \"Well you love Ben, right?\" \"Yes!\" Mal looked at her incredulously. \"Of course!\" \"Then this should be easy, shouldn't it?\" \"I mean… I don't know!\" Mal struggled. \"It… should be, but… it's just not .\" \"Why not?\" Evie's looked of concern infuriated Mal. \"Because! I don't know… if it's right! Doesn't… doesn't it seem… like it's too soon?\" Mal took a deep breath, unsure of what to do. Evie watched her with sympathy. \"M… you've been with Ben for nearly four years! You've been through everything together! Are you really telling me that you don't want to marry him?\" Mal shook her head furiously. She began to grind her teeth and she wanted to scream or yell or hit something but all she could do was pound the floor in anger. \"I don't know!\" She practically screamed. Mal's head jutted upwards and she felt a rush of magic flow through her controlled by her emotions. She knew that her eyes had just glowed a brilliant green as Evie backed off. \"Alright.\" Her best friend said. \"Then we'll deal with that later. For now, just calm down.\" Mal took another deep breath. No matter what she did, her heart continued to race. She was terrified and confused and her head fell into her hands. Within seconds, tears were streaming down her face, filling her palms with salty pools of water. Evie stood up and walked over to Mal. She sat down carefully next to her best friend and slowly began rubbing her back. \"It's going to be okay, M. I'll always be here to help.\" Mal continued to sob, unsure of what to do. Her mind was racing far faster than her heart and every moment of it was confusing. Why should this be so hard? Why is the idea of getting married so much scarier than everything else I've ever done? Her entire body shook every time she took a ragged breath. In the same moment, she and Evie had the same thought as though they were connected. What are we gonna do?[Chapter 2] Mal stared up at the ceiling as her friends, who sat scattered around the room, all chatted amongst themselves glancing at her periodically. She familarized herself with every crack, every speck of dust that adorned the ceiling though there were few to be seen. Carlos, Jay and Evie gathered themselves in the corner away from Mal, muttering to each other things that Mal couldn't be bothered to try and overhear. She was to busy trying herself to find any way to delay Ben's plans. Since her spell book was locked up in the museum, she had no way to magic herself out of this situation. Even so, Mal found herself wondering and fighting with her own mind about her true answer. Yes or No? It's that simple! Yes or No? Mal's fist clenched tightly while the other hand hooked onto her bedsheets. Again, she wanted to scream or cry or do something to release the inner turmoil that she felt but she wouldn't, couldn't even try. The three in the corner broke apart and they all converged around Mal. She sat up and ran her hands through her deep purple hair. Loose strands of rich plum darkness fell down in front of her face. Jay wrapped his arm around one of the bedposts and swung himself around to half kneel on Mals bed. Carlos fixed his black, white and red jacket, casually leaning against the window facing the courtyards. Evie was of course sat directly next to Mal, hands folded neatly in her lap, perfect red lips pursed. Looking around at each one of them, Mal laughed weakly. \"What?\" Carlos raised an eyebrow, confused. Mal focused on Carlos. \"Every time we get together like this, we're always on some life or death adventure that's a lot more serious then the thought of my wedding and yet I feel like this is the most terrifying thing I've ever had to do.\" Carlos and Evie nodded. Mal glances at Jay and he shook his head. \"You don't have to do anything yet. You don't even have to make a choice.\" Mal wanted to argue but she was dehydrated and queasy from all the crying she'd done. It was like someone had decided that the floodgates holding in all her sorrows were useless and threw them away without a second thought. Now she could barely find a minute where there wasn't a tear rolling off her chin. \"I just don't want anything to happen too soon. I mean I've avoided Ben for the last four days out of fear and anticipation!\" She thought about all the times that she'd ducked around corners and hid in classrooms just to get away from him. That was what made her sick to her stomach, avoiding him. Her heart was screaming at her with white hot fury as fierce as a dragon's flames that she knows she loves him and that the answers was obviously yes. But her mind was blocking her at every turn with every anxiety, every fear about committing and finding herself broken again, rejected again by someone she loved. Her mind was the Fortress of Solitude and her heart was the magic locked inside, wishing to be free. Never had Mal felt more frustrated, felt more infuriated by her own ruthless emotions that couldn't even tell her how she was supposed to feel, only show how much it hurts. Jay opened his mouth again but the only sound in the room was from the knock at the door. \"Mal?\" Ben's voice filtered through the crack in the doorway. Mal looked around panicked but Evie calmly stood up and strood over to the door. She opened it enough for Ben to only see her face. \"Hi, Ben!\" \"Uh, Hey Evie is Mal here?\" \"Well She is… but we're dealing with some girl stuff right now and she needs her privacy.\" Evie's sly lie was complete with her silky voice that never wavered. Still Ben persisted. \"Does she need anything? Can I help?\" He asked. \"Not now, but she'll be sure to call you if she does, okay bye.\" Evie began to shut the door but Ben stopped it before it shut all the way. \"Well can you ask her to meet me at the enchanted lake around 6 if she's feeling better by then?\" \"Of course!\" Evie almost slammed the door shut, whirling around to look at the other VK's. \"Oh god! How has he already planned this so fast?\" Mal panicked. Evie rushed back to her friends side, rubbing her back and wrapping her in a hug. \"It's alright, we'll do what we can.\" She whispered. Evie looked up at the boys who were already standing attentive as if waiting for orders. \"You two need to run interference for now. Lead Ben around the grounds or off on some random trip or something! Just make sure to distract him long enough that was can figure something out!\" Jay nodded and Carlos practically saluted to Evie's strict tone. The two boys ran out of the room to begin their mission as Mal continued to fight off her panic attack. \"What if he asks in front of a bunch of people and I say no? What if he's waiting for an answer and I just can't tell him that I can't do it? What if I don't say yes and it's the biggest mistake I'll ever make? Oh E, what's gonna happen? I can't do this right now! Everything about this feels sudden and I wish I hadn't found out about it! It's would've been easier but I don't know what to do, E! I don't know what to do!\" She was practically out of breath when Evie stopped her ramble. Her chest rose and fell heavily and unsteady. Mals eyes were dry but only because there was nothing more that she could cry. She'd already let most of the water in her leave. Mal hiccuped as Evie held her tighter. Mal clutched to her friend like a child clinging to their mother's leg. At that moment and in many before, Evie was Mals lifeline. The safety net to catch her before she fell too far. \"Shh…\" Evie whispered. \"I know… I know that you're not used to this. None of us are used to this but Mal, I promise that we are going to do everything we can to help you. You, Carlos, Jay and I are family and we always help our family.\" Mal hiccuped again and nodded. \"And in the end, if you do end up with a ring box in front of you and a question hanging in the air, we'll I know that in that moment you'll know that exact right answer inside yourself.\" Evie held up her hand and used her other hand to lift Mals chin gently. Mal nodded and she held up her own hand to Evie's and the girls entwined their fingers together so tightly that there was no space between. After a few minutes, Evie slid off the bed and walked over to Mals drawer. Mal watched Evie curiously as she pulled out a cute knee length dress. It began as dark purple on the bottom and slowly dragging upward the color got lighter and light to fade to almost white at the top. The sleeves hung off the shoulder and Evie dug around a bit more until she found a thin white rope belt with a gold buckle that she hung around the waist. \"Now go change.\" Evie ordered. Mal raised her eyebrow questioningly. \"No questions, go change.\" She repeated so Mal slinked off of her bed and grabbed the dress. Mal did as she was told and slid into the dress in the makeshift changing room in the corner. She buckled the belt around her waist and slowly emerged from the corner feeling exposed and vulnerable. She looked over at Evie who was holding a pair of high wedge sandals up. Mal took the shoes quietly in hand but set them on the bed instead of putting them on. \"Evie where are you going with this?\" She said, slightly annoyed and unsure. \"I just want you to feel more like yourself again!\" \"But this is you, E! You're the one who likes to dress up and stuff, you know I'd rather stick to my jackets.\" \"Oh come on, M! Don't you dare tell me that there isn't some part of you that is enjoying this!\" She said staring M down. She had a smile on that prompted a grin from Mal, a small one at least. It was the first Mal seen in days. \"That's right girl! Come here!\" Evie chirped happily. She pulled Mal back over to her bed and pulled out her several bags of makeup that Mal couldn't figure out where she actually kept them. Mal sat there content as Evie did her makeup and found that Evie was right about one thing. It did help her feel more like herself then she had in days and it was a wonderful feeling even if the shadow of overbearing fear still remained. The boys never returned so Evie and Mal decided that they'd successfully done their jobs until Evie's phone began to buzz. She picked it up quickly, nodding fast along with whatever the caller was saying. \"Thanks, Jay.\" Evie said before hanging up. Mal looked at her expectantly. \"They lost Ben. He snuck away a bit ago and they can't find him. It's nearly time. He's waiting for you, M.\" \"Do you want to go or not?\"[Chapter 3] Mals heart was racing. Evie clung to her on the back of Mals purple scooter. Wind whipped through the girls hair and lashed their faces as they sped down the path. In Mal's mind she was replaying their moments previous to this one. \" Do you want to go or not?\" Evie was waiting expectantly for an answer and she stared at Mal Mal felt her heart flutter. As the beat got steadily faster, her breathing increased. Mal inhaled and exhaled, beginning to hyperventilate. Her body started to catch up to her heart rate and her hands began to tremble. Her legs moved without her thinking and she paced the room in panic. Mal felt as though she was watching herself through someone else's eyes. She saw her quaking hands and unsteady feet. She felt her heart and mind in a race but also felt completely out of control.' In the midst of her nervous breakdown, Evie reached out and took Mal's hands in her own. She tossed back a wave of blue with a flick of her head and tried to steady Mal's frantic panic. Evie stared deep into Mal's eyes, holding her in her gaze. Mal grasped her best friends hands as a lifeline while Evie held onto her tightly. As Mal clung steadfastly to her blue haired BFF, she felt her breathing slow from jetspeed. A slight tremor remained but Mal gave a small smile, grateful. At least she could somewhat think straight again. \" M… you don't have to do this. Ben will understand if you're not ready.\" Evie said, looking at Mal in pity. Mal closed her eyes, feeling a dull ache inside of her. In her mind, she saw herself and Ben. She saw their first date and the sparkly rock he'd fished out of the lake. She saw him defending her on Family Day and asking her to wear his ring on his Coronation Day. There was the spells from their first adventure and his attempt to get her back from the Isle from the second. She saw her dragon form as she fought to take her Ben back from Uma. Her eyelids were filled with all the memories they'd made together but one stood out over all of it. Her dream, when she still lived on the Isle of the Lost. She'd dreamed of Ben before she'd ever even met him. It had been something so different from her life then. Strange then but clear now. Somehow Mal had always known who Ben was to her, even before she and her friends came to Auradon. Even if she'd never realized in her mind, her heart has always known. Mal knew now what she'd known since the beginning. She'd found her soulmate, her match, her partner in crime and she wasn't about to let him slip away. Mal opened her eyes once more and looked directly at Evie. \"But I am ready… I'm ready to say yes.\" Evie had clapped her hands and practically chirped in excitement when Mal gave her decree. She'd absolutely refused to take no for an answer when she asked if she could come along so off they'd gone. Mal's bout of confidence hadn't lasted long and she felt herself beginning to doubt her decision. All she could do was remind herself that she loved him and he loved her. Now that it was happening, Mal realized that spending the last few days freaking out had left her in a constant state of panic no matter what she did. She hoped to any higher powers that when he asked, she'd know her answer in an instant. Mal tried to calm herself by taking in deep breaths. They neared the path down to the Enchanted Lake and she pulled on the brakes to slow their speed. Evie let go of her tight grip on Mal and slid off the bike once they'd stopped. \"I'll stay her…\" Evie started to say but Mal took her hand. \"No… please come with me.\" Evie nodded, smiling. The two set off into the woods wandering their way through the paths and across the rope bridge. Soon they reached the ridge where Ben had shown Mal the Enchanted Lake for the first time. Down on a picnic blanket by the sparkling blue water, Ben sat reading over a piece of paper. It was too far away to see but Mal had a feeling that his other hand was fiddling with a ring box. Their spot was even more beautiful than it had been when they first came. Now, in the slowly falling sunlight, there was a gorgeous glow that fell over everything. Tiny fairy lights dotted the surrounding trees and little lanterns seemed to mark a path down. He'd even set a bunch of tiny candles all around. It was all a wonderful fire hazard that Mal adored. Evie pulled Mal into a hug. \"I love you, M.\" She whispered in Mal's ear. \"Love you too, E.\" Mal mumbled. Evie pulled away from their hug and grasped Mal's shoulders. \"Always remember, you love Ben and he loves you. That's the only answer you'll ever need to have.\" She nodded to Evie and turned away. \"Oh boy…\" Mal murmured to herself. \"Here goes nothing.\" One careful step at a time, Mal made her way down to him following the beautiful paper lanterns that were set just above her. Once he saw her, he seemed to try and hide the box in his hand but failed miserably. Mal pretended not to have noticed him slipping it in his pocket and smiled widely at Ben who grinned cheerfully back. She approached him, her heart barely maintaining a steady beat. He jumped up to greet her, pulling her into a kiss as soon as she came near enough. Mal gladly kissed him back and when they broke apart, she sat down on the blanket below them. Ben continued to grin his charming, puppy like grin. He waited as Mal enjoyed the wonderful strawberries that were set out, laughed when Mal gasped as she saw chocolate covered ones as well. Mal smiled widely as they watched the sun set, her cuddled into Ben's shoulder. Soon the spot was lit by the moonlight and cast a glow so lovely, Mal never wanted it to end. Once the moon shown high in the sky, Ben moved away from Mal. She stood up and smoothed her dress and when she turned back, he stared up at her lovingly from his kneeling spot on the ground. Though she'd been expecting this the entire night, she couldn't help but put her hands over her mouth in shock. Ben took a breath. \"Mal… we've been through a lot together. We've fought battles together, we've fought through every adversary that's come our way. You and I were always meant to be because we've been able to get through anything and everything that has come our way. I love seeing you every day, love kissing you, love being with you, love everything about you because I can't think of anyone more perfect. You, Mal, are my everything and I absolutely want to spend the rest of my life with you.\" He took the ring box out of his pocket and opened it, smiling at her. \"Mal Bertha, will you marry me?\" Ben watched her hopefully and Mal smiled through her hands. \"Oh Ben…\" She whispered, joyful tears rolling off her cheeks. Mal didn't even hesitate as she looked at him, remembering all of their adventures once more. \"Yes, yes of course!\" Mal said, her voice louder now. Ben practically jumped up in excitement and embraced her. He slid the ring on her finger and the two kissed. Loud whooping came from the trees behind them. When Mal twisted around with Ben's arms still around her, she saw Evie joined by Carlos, Jay, Jane and even Lonnie and Doug all cheering and jumping loudly. Mal felt Ben rest his chin on top of her head. She leaned into him, happily. Perfect. She thought to herself. Mal grinned, waving to her friends who all came down to greet the couple. Mal merrily showed off her ring to her friends while everyone hug each other and congratulations were shared. Though they were pulled from their hug, Ben never let go of Mal's hand. Why shouldn't I get a happy ending? Mal thought to herself, thinking about her childhood and her mother and everything she'd been through. She deserved this, deserved Ben. Mal smiled to herself, grasping Ben's hand tight. Perfect. She thought once more.[Chapter 4] Thank you to anyone who commented on this story. Feedback not only helps me to grow as a writer but also helps me to continue on, doing what I love as a writer knowing that others are enjoying my works as well. Wedding planning, as it turns out, is hard right from the start. Mal barely had time to enjoy the fact that she was engaged when she was whisked away into a world of color schemes and what kind of flowers would go best? She was sucked into a world of lilies and roses being stuck under her nose and being shown bolt after bolt of fabrics that all looked exactly the same to her. As much as she loved Jane and her dedication to her job, Mal was quickly becoming irritated by constantly being badgered for her input on things she didn't care about. \"Mal!\" Jane said, rushing up to her, as if on cue. Mal desperately tried to duck away but failed, getting caught once again in the havoc of wedding planning. \"You still have to choose a color scheme. It would be ideal if we knew how your dress would look so that we could plan around that but we'll make it work anyway.\" Jane spoke so fast that Mal could barely catch a word that she was saying. \"There are several green ones that would bring out your eyes…\" She flashed several cards that all had different shades of green on them in front of Mal's face. \"Or we could go with light pinks and purples, just like the things you've always liked.\" Again, more cards and colors. \"Or! We could even try a mix of darker pinks and purples and lighter greens and maybe even a beige! Personally I think we should try a mix because there's so much more you can do with more colors and… \" \"Jane… Jane!\" Mal interrupted. \"What?\" Jane looked at Mal, eyes wide and eager. \"We haven't even set a date for the wedding! Can't we deal with this later?\" Mal begged. Jane looked hesitant. \"But, if we plan now then there's less to do later! It'll be easier if everything is already picked out!\" \"I…\" Mal faltered. \"I…\" In her failing words, Mal glanced up to see Carlos walking up behind Jane. He set his hands on her shoulders, pulling her away from Mal. \"But…\" Jane protested. \"Come on… I'm starting to think that you're more invested in Mal's wedding then our relationship.\" He teased, leading her the other way, letting Mal slip away. Mal sent a mental thanks to Carlos as she turned down another hall. Once she'd made her way to a corridor that was empty, she fell against a wall. As she leaned on the wall, Mal looked at her ring. Since Ben had given it to her almost two weeks ago, she'd barely had enough time to herself to really look at it. Now, in her moment of peace, she admired it and Ben's attention to detail. She wasn't sure if it was custom made but it seemed to be designed specifically for her. It was quite simple, but beautifully elegant. The silver band was twisted, almost braided on either side of the starcut amethyst set in the middle. On each side of the purple gem, there was a tiny pale pink gem that Mal didn't know that name of. Mal ran her thumb over the sparkling gems, smiling. As she admired the ring, she felt another rush of affection for Ben. It's all worth it for him. She thought. Though in her affection, she felt the slightest pang. The tiniest bit of her that was completely unsure. Each gem winked in the sunlight from a nearby window. Across from her, on the wall was a mirror. Mal stared at her reflection, her purple hair and glinting green eyes. As she looked at herself, she tilted her head. Something just didn't seem right but Mal couldn't put her finger on it. Mal closed her eyes and in her mind, she was back on the Isle. Purple leather adorned her body instead of dresses. Anger and mischief resided in her eyes instead of the fake calm that she constantly portrayed. This Mal was before she became torn with constant inner conflict. Constantly trying to figure out her place in Auradon because she just didn't know. As much as she tried to ignore it, it tore at her, shredding her from the inside. Her eyes snapped open and again she saw herself but now she knew what was wrong. She still couldn't show who she was. No matter how many times, she runs back to the Isle, if she comes back to Auradon, she'll always have to be someone other than who she is. She may not be wholly evil or purely good but whoever she was, wasn't good enough for who Auradon wanted her to be. Mal shook her head, ignoring her thoughts of doubt. She rubbed her ring again, trying to bring herself back to her happiness but couldn't shake the feeling that it was all wrong. She pushed off the wall and walked back down the hallway and out into the courtyard. The sun blinded her eyes as soon as she stepped out the door but Mal kept moving regardless. A tiny tear formed in the corner of her eye but she wiped it away, ignoring the rest that wanted to follow.[Chapter 5] \"Mal?\" Ben called, somewhere in the midst of the chaos. \"I'm here!\" Mal called back. \"Buried in the flowers…\" She added bitterly under her breath. Mal listened to the rustling as he picked his way through the mess, following the sound of her voice. She was sat in a chair, covered by vases and pots of endless amounts of pink and purple flowers. Ever eager Jane had decided to break everything into groups and today was dealing with flowers, a decision that Mal had been putting off for a while just to avoid the incoming mayhem that was sure to follow. These stupid flowers that made absolutely no sense to Mal. What's the point? Why are they even necessary? What even is a begonia? And what the heck is a verbena or a clematis? Every part of this was lost on Mal and it frustrated her beyond belief. Underneath the table she'd been ripping petals off a flower and snapping the stem into pieces as she tried to work through the building anger. \"Hey, there you are!\" Ben smiled, having made his way through the maze. He leaned down to plant a gentle kiss on Mal's lips. \"How's it going?\" She crushed crushed the bit of the stem under the table where Ben couldn't see and dropped it to the floor. Mal took a careful breath, trying not to huff. She tried to smile. \"Fine, I guess.\" \"Not into this wedding stuff, huh?\" He smirked and Mal gave him a sheepish grin, shrugging her shoulders slightly. \"Eh, its alright I guess.\" She lied. Ben looked skeptical but nevertheless he changed the subject. \"Well, would you like to take a break from whatever this is? I brought strawberries!\" He pulled a bag off the floor that Mal hadn't seen him bring in. From it, he pulled a small carton of Mal's favorite fruit which she grabbed greedily, hungry after hours of sitting, looking at flowers and not knowing what the hell to do with them. As she munched, Ben talked about things going on in the kingdom. \"And the goblins are still petitioning for amnesty.\" He aimlessly brushed away a strand of Mal's hair from her face. She swatted his hand away when he tried to take one of the strawberries. Once the plump strawberries were nothing but the little green stems, Mal looked back up at Ben. \"They're not as bad as you'd think.\" She said, thinking about the crew that had carried her and the other VK's back from the Forbidden Forest. Bit dimwitted and grumpy. She thought. \"A few might do well here.\" \"You think?\" Ben didn't come to Mal for council on this often, he mostly worked with Evie when it came to the others who deserved amnesty from the Isle. Mal would see some of them around Auradon Prep from time to time when she visited. Dizzy did well in art class, star student in fact and Uma had since gone on to live near Ariel's kingdom, and teaching swim lessons in her free time. The bad blood between them had made for some serious tension for a while but they'd gotten through it and kept in touch. Mal nodded after realizing that she'd been stuck in thought and Ben was still waiting for an answer. Before either could say anything else, Ben's phone rang. Mal found herself watching as Ben made his way back out of the room and rushed off on the call. Despite that it interrupted her time with Ben, she liked his commitment to trying to make everything right in the kingdom, after all being king isn't easy. A little voice in the back of Mal's mind whispered. Being the king's girlfriend isn't any easier. Mal stood up a while after Ben had left and picked her way through the room. She made her way back to her own room where she collapsed onto her bed. For a while, she simply stared at the wall. Compared to her room back on the Isle, it just seemed so blank. Sure it had a big canopy bed and annoyingly large TV but after all her time here in Auradon, it just lacked character, lacked the feeling of home. She rolled over to stare at the ceiling and a pang of longing hit her smack in the heart. Mal felt a solitary tear roll from the edge of her eye to the soft pillows fabric under her head and she realized. She missed it. From the overbearing, threatening canopy in her room in Bargain Castle and the collection of pickpocketed trinkets on her dresser to the freedom to be as nasty of brutally honest as her heart desired. She missed being able to not care but even more, she just missed her home. It had been her birthright, her everything, since the moment she was born. Born to be ruthless, born to be fearless, born to be evil, born as the future ruler of the Isle. At least there she had a place, at least there she knew where to stand but here? Here she was stuck, here she couldn't move without making a mistake, here she knew that she was a part of Auradon but at the same time she just wasn't. Here she had to be perfect, here Mal had to be what she wasn't: a princess. Being a lady of the court was all that mattered to anyone when it came to Mal. All the media wanted was to prove how wrong for the part she was, all her friends wanted to do was help her along in the process but in all of it, Mal never stopped to think about what she wanted to be. Not a lady or a princess or anything like that. Here she could have everything, anything she wanted. Here she had what most girls would dream about. Her fiancé is the king, she's going to live in a castle and have a happy ending where she'd be a queen and have everything you could ever wish for but it wasn't what she wanted. A battle broke out in her mind, broken fragments of thought thrown back and forth. Of course I want Ben… but I hate being tied down. I love this life and the adventures I've had… and yet I still hate it. She remembered her trip back to the Isle, only three and a half years ago, remembered how good it felt to go back and not have to pretend. But she also remembered her friends, who'd stuck by her no matter what. They'd come to Auradon with her and all of them found their place, found something that connected them to the kingdom and the people they met. Even when she went back, they followed, if only to bring her back. On the Isle it'd been strange to have friends but in Auradon they realized how much they really needed each other and Mal loved and cared for each of them, Evie, Jay and Carlos were all her family which was why she found herself so frustrated. They were her best friends and the last thing she wanted to do was leave them or force them to go back to the Isle when they were all so clearly happy here. She remembered their support of her decisions, the way they stood by her no matter what and all Mal had ever done was cause trouble, she was only ever an inconvenience in their lives. The thoughts weighed down Mal's heart and it threatened to fall into her stomach. Again her mind was at war, half convincing herself that her friends really did love her for who she was, the other half dragging her further into a pit. Another tear rolled down her cheek and another and another. Finally, Mal screamed hoping that no one would be around to hear. She tried to let go of all of all of it but it only got stronger. Tired of staring at the blank wood paneled walls, Mal rolled out of her bed and knelt in front of her bedside table, ignoring the tears that dropped to the floor. The bottom drawer held her spray paint cans that she never could bear to throw away. Fumes from the paint soon filled the room as Mal began to paint, hoping that it would let something go. Soon her signature \"Long Live Evil\" mark was set. She took in a sharp breath as she'd forgotten how potent the putrid smell could be. It felt good to rebel against it all, even just the tiniest bit and yet something was still off. Something still didn't feel right. She plopped her butt back on the bed for a second, tilting her head left and right, trying to figure out what was wrong. Soon she came to realize that it wasn't what she'd put up, it was what she'd left out. Mal went to work once more, stopping halfway to open a window as the room now reeked of chemicals and wet paint. When she stood back again, next to her first insignia she'd drawn another, a new one. Mal's dragon heart, Evie's blue crown, Jay's snake and Carlo's crossbones were all freshly imprinted on the wall and below them, neatly scripted, were the words \"Long Live Us\". She crossed the room, viewed her creation and smiled. In her heart, Mal felt a twinge of pain and longing. It still wasn't home, Auradon would never be her true home but neither was the Isle, neither was having no purpose at all. After putting away the cans, Mal dropped onto her bed once more. She sighed. All she'd done was procrastinate. That's all she ever seemed to be able to do. Mal let out a breathy laugh, thinking about the night of the cotillion. A girl who could turn into a dragon, a girl whose mother was a fearless ruler, a girl who's heritage showed nothing but power and courage and yet she couldn't even pick out a flower arrangement. Lifting her arm over her head, she traced the dragon mark on her arm with her free hand. It's colors were as vibrant as the day it appeared and even though she'd proven to herself time and again that she wasn't just a villain, Mal still couldn't let it go. Frustration began to rise in her chest again and she felt her head start to ache from the fumes again. A steady beat pounded out in her temple, and she heard a faint ringing. Mal pulled open her door room and it slammed shut behind her as she stalked away with no direction in mind, just wanting to get away from there.[Chapter 6] Standing in front of her mirror, Mal could see herself slipping away again but this time she couldn't tell which part of herself was the one fading away. Ben had asked her to meet him at the castle and after the Fairy Godmother wanted a word. Anxiety built a brick wall in Mal's chest. She'd picked out a soft lavender dress with blue streaks but as comfortable as the dress was, she couldn't help twisting around in it, pulling it down and adjusting it over and over. A slight pounding entered Mal's head, thumping through her temple but she ignored it. It hammered an unsteady beat into her mind but Mal shut her eyes and blocked it out. Colorful blurs catch Mal's eye when she opened them again and she glanced over at the symbols on her wall. In the moment, they'd seemed so right. It had felt so good to rebel but now every time she saw them, every time someone walked into her room, she hid them. Somehow, now, instead of feeling proud of her moment of defiance, she felt nervous . Just looking at them made her heart race a little, like she was scared of what they really meant. Mal turned away from the wall quickly, ignoring the steady pulse in her chest. She slipped on a pair of sandals and practically ran out of the room. Running away from her problems… again. At the castle, Ben waited for Mal reaching one hand out. He held his arm out formally and Mal took it as gracefully as she could. The two walked hand in hand through the castle, passing through hall after hall until they were finally stood outside one. \"Well?\" Mal asked looking up at Ben. \"What did you want to show me?\" She asked even though her heart pounded. \"Come in and see.\" He smiled. He pushed open the doors and as Mal walked through she gasped. \"Oh Ben…\" She whispered. The first two steps into the room made her stop as she gasped. The first thing to greet her, on the very back wall was the stain glass window that he'd made her. It shown with the sunlight filtering through it, casting wonderful colorful shades of sunlight all across the room. But this was just a living room, there was an entire other side to the right and as Mal looked into it, she was greeted with an extravagant bedroom. It was all entirely a scheme of purple, green and gold. Each wall held a different shade of purple, contrasting the white and gold furniture. And everything seemed to have an accent of green built into it so the room looked slightly like it had moss growing on it. And the further she ventured into the room, the more she noticed. Like the tall mirror standing in the corner embellished with strings of hanging lights shaped like stars. Or the bathroom in the corner that even just looking from ten feet away looked more expensive than anything she'd ever owned. Mal stood in place revolving slowly on the spot as she noticed even smaller details that caused her jaw to drop further. When Mal had done a full 360, she saw Ben still standing in his same spot looking delighted at Mal's shocked expression. But before she could say anything, Ben walked over to her, took her hand gently and lead her over for yet another surprise. The pounding from before had grown and Mal felt slightly sick to her stomach but again she ignored it, focusing on Ben. The wall that she'd thought only held a mural suddenly opened, the massive wall panels splitting to reveal a gigantic walk-in closet. \"Oh Ben.\" She repeated. \"This is too much.\" Nevertheless, he guided her into the closet where the shelves and hangers were neatly aligned, some filled, some still waiting to be used. He picked up a remote from a little side table, handing it to her. \"What am I supposed to do?\" Mal asked, tracing her finger over the buttons curiously. \"Press one.\" Ben replied, smiling like it was some big mystery. But Ben received a call and hurried away to answer it and Mal was left to admire the room. She wandered through the closet, unsure of what to make of it all. Walking alongside one of the walls that seemed to be lined with drawers, she pressed a few random combinations to see what would happen and was met with a rather impressive selection of jewelry and dresses. As Mal inspected them, she pressed a few others and two little doors popped open next to her head. Inside she was astonished to see an exquisite emerald tiara. Light twinkled off each polished gem but as Mal looked at it, something dawned on her that she hadn't thought of yet. She was going to be queen. Ben being the king had always been a part of it but not once in the whirlwind of wedding planning had Mal truly stopped to realize. She was going to be crowned a queen. Mal stumbled backwards in shock. Her back hit one of the pillars and she slid to the floor staring at the crown. That brick wall of anxiety had just been demolished by the wrecking ball that was her immeasurable fear. And in that moment, a hysterical laugh escaped from her mouth. Sure trying to cause pain to others on the island was nothing. Just like facing off with her dragon mother or sea witch enemy Uma was like a walk in the park. But put Mal in front of crown, give her the responsibility of being perfect and helping to rule the lives of millions and now you've got her scared. Mal's distraught laughter drew palace guards to her room but she stumbled to the door, slamming it shut. There she lay, slumped against the door in a panic. The queasiness from before had grown and it felt like her insides were stewing. Her vision blurred slightly though she wasn't sure whether it was from nerves or something else. She stared up the stain glass window of her and Ben together. She looked into her own flashing green eyes as her chest heaved up and down. And she felt bile begin to creep up her throat, she crawled to the bathroom, ignoring the worried calls of guard outside her door who were bound to bring Ben back at any time. She leaned over the toilet bowl, retching into it as she emptied the contents of her stomachs. That's where Ben found her, shivering on the tiled floor but Mal couldn't move. Paralyzed with fear, she felt herself being lifted from the floor. A maid helped Ben to lift her and they laid her in the bed. Ben covered her with the comforter, sending another servant for a doctor. Cold crept up Mal's body despite the warm blanket and soon goosebumps covered the length of her arms. She shivered as Ben sat next to her, rubbing her arm. Pressure enveloped her head like someone had tied a band around her head and just kept pulling. The beat of a drum echoed through her head, thumping to no end. Mal felt tears slip from her eyes. They stung her cheeks and Mal felt herself slip away just a the palace doctor arrived. Her vision blurred but the last thing she saw before she slipped into unconsciousness was Ben's concerned eyes staring worriedly down at her, a little crinkle forming between them. ","Summary":" This is my first Descendants fanfiction so I thought I'd go for something that I thought about a lo"},{"Movie":"Raid: Redemption Serbuan maut","Title":"Salvation Sanctuary","Author":"chocofit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10365789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Author's Note] It's not my fault that there was no The Raid 2: Berandal on the category list. The story is basically focused on Uco, but I'm taking the other characters' point of views as well to balance the story. I fell in love with Berandal cast right when I first watched the movie, and this fic is to prove my love :)) The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Someone to Save You © OneRepublic SLAP! Uco fell down to the floor. He rubbed the hurtful corner of his mouth and found a little blood on his palm. The last wounds he got from his rascal foes had not even been healed properly, yet his father had given another new one. The big house was quiet. All the maids and their butler went back to their work, leaving their masters alone in the family room. Bangun, master of the house, Uco's father, growled between his breaths. He had no idea why his son turned that way, away from his expectation. \"Why,\" he growled, \"Why can't you, at least once in your whole life, not humiliate me?\" \"You?\" replied Uco, not less furious than his father, \"I humiliate YOU? Ha-ha!\" he laughed cynically, \"This is none of your business, Dad.\" \"How dare you!\" Bangun grabbed Uco's high school uniform collar, \"You said this is not my business?! You've humiliated me, your father, a headmaster of…,\" \"I DON'T REMEMBER THAT I'M YOUR SON!\" cried Uco, \"I've never been…not anymore…since he came around…,\" Bangun threw Uco back to the floor. He glared at his son. The longer he stared, the more he saw how his son had grown up look like him. Except in his attitude. Especially since he just messed things with his rascal friends and made the school suspended him from studying for a week. \"Quit being spoiled brat,\" he ordered, \"You only babble about Eka instead of following him…,\" \"Following him? Meh!\" Uco spit, getting off of the floor, \"No matter what I do, your perfect son will always be him!\" \"ENOUGH!\" Bangun growled impatiently, \"I'm done tolerating your attitude, Uco. You will be transferred to Putih Abu-Abu by tomorrow.\" Uco got shocked and he glared. Putih Abu-Abu Senior High School was a dormitory school located far from Jakarta, the city where he lived. The school was located in ranch area of Bogor, had a good reputation in its sport clubs' achievements, and more importantly it was lead by Bangun as the headmaster. Basically he owned the school and a huge corporation consisting of some various major companies, yet he chose to lead the school instead of the corp. \"No,\" Uco rejected. \"Yes,\" Bangun commanded, he gave a sign to the butler. \"NO!\" Uco yelled, \"I reject to breathe the same air in the same place with you and-,\" \"Ah, here you are,\" Bangun smiled over Uco's shoulder, \"Are you busy?\" A boy came over them, smiled. He had more tanned skin compared to Uco's pale skin color. He was wearing Putih Abu-Abu High School uniform, consisting white shirt, dark grey tie, dark grey pants, and white cardigan. \"No, at all,\" he replied. \"I know this will bother you a lot, Eka, considering your club activity and study, but I hope you'll help me guiding Uco as your junior by next Monday,\" said Bangun. Eka was startled. He glanced at Uco who still looked angry, and looked back to Bangun. \"You mean Uco…?\" \"Yes, he's transferred,\" replied Bangun, \"Please help me arranging. Which room is available?\" Eka rolled his eyes, thinking for some seconds. Meanwhile Uco glanced angrily at him. Ever since he came to the house, Eka always made Uco remain in the second position in Bangun's eyes. \"If I'm not mistaken, we still have two available rooms for junior students,\" said Eka, \"One belongs to Keiichi…,\" \"Keiichi from Student Council?\" asked Bangun. Eka nodded. \"The other one belongs to Rama from pencak silat,\" he added. Bangun nodded. \"I see. Put him with Rama,\" he commanded. Eka nodded. \"NO!\" yelled Uco, \"I don't want to be in Putih Abu-Abu!\" \"Bring Uco to his room, take care of his wounds,\" ordered Bangun to Eka, who nodded and grabbed Uco's shoulder right away. \"Come on,\" he said gently. But Uco shoved Eka's arms rudely and pushed him. \"Don't touch me!\" he screamed, ran to his bedroom, and slammed the door. Sunday finally arrived. Uco and Eka were in Bangun's Audi R8 Cope, together with a driver who drove them to Putih Abu-Abu. Uco sat on the back seat, one of his arms was on the sash, sustaining his chin. He ignored some mails from his rascal friends because he was too lazy and embarrassed to explain what happened. He enjoyed the mountains view instead. He glanced at Eka, who sat beside the driver, and snorted. Eka was a second grader in Putih Abu-Abu, a year older than Uco. He was brought to Bangun's house as an adopted son because his father was dead in a car accident. Soon after that day, he stole nearly all Bangun's attentions from Uco by getting many achievements and high ranks at school. Worse, he was an archery athlete, while Uco was never active in any clubs nor even trained himself in any kinds of sport seriously. \"It's not that bad, Co,\" said Eka suddenly before he glanced at the back seat, \"The hardest part's only you got to have the postponed mid-test, because you're transferred after mid-test.\" \"Quit talking,\" replied Uco without looking at Eka, \"I want to puke of your voice.\" Eka smiled and sighed. Since he first came to Bangun's house when he was still in middle school, never in a day he did not think of Uco as his younger brother. He knew how his stepbrother was basically smart like his father, he only chose to be a rascal which always put him in trouble. \"Putih Abu-Abu is not like the other schools. It's good for you, you're going to love i-,\" \"Are you deaf?\" asked Uco angrily, \"I said quit talking.\" Eka shrugged and nodded. He had been used to be yelled by Uco since he was adopted by Bangun. Yet it never changed even a bit of his brotherly feeling towards Uco, even though he never let him know as well. Putih Abu-Abu was a huge school consisting of three big buildings. One was school building, and the other two were male and female dormitories. The school system was very selective in accepting new students each year, which made the number of the students was not too big. Nearly each student was required to have talent in sport and art, or at least they should be capable academically. Uco was walked by Eka to Room 32, room number two in third floor of male dormitory building. He looked around and was quite amazed of how well the building was furnished. \"Nearly each year your father refurnished each building,\" said Eka as if he read Uco's mind. \"He only cared about this school,\" mocked Uco cynically. Eka smiled and shook. \"Why do you always think negatively on him?\" he chuckled before he opened the door with a key they got from the receptionist. Looks like Rama, the other occupant, had not arrived. They just had a long weekend, so that nearly all students went back to their homes. \"I'm sick to see you being the good kid, Ka,\" Uco quipped, \"Look until I reveal your true face under that mask because we'll meet every day from now on.\" \"And I can't wait,\" said Eka sincerely, \"Too bad Father doesn't allow us to say that you're the headmaster's son, or in other words, we're bro-,\" \"SHUT UP AND LEAVE ME ALONE!\" yelled Uco. He really felt sick of all Eka's sincere words. He always said all the good stuff since they first met, which made Uco hate him more and more each day. Besides, the reason of his anger was also that he and Eka were not allowed to reveal that he was the headmaster's son, which Uco understood right away that his father did not want the school to know that he had a stupid failed biological son. The school was only allowed to know that his son was Eka. \"Fine, I'm leaving,\" Eka put the key on an empty desk, which would be Uco's, \"You'll get along with your roommate, he's a good kid.\" \"Everyone's always good except me,\" said Uco indifferently, \"That's what you and Dad always see,\" he sat on the lower of the bunk bed. Eka did not reply, he only smiled and closed the door. Uco snorted. His life was wholly ruined. He thought he already got his freedom because although disagreed at first, his father let him studying in another high school in Jakarta, but in the end he messed everything until he finally came to the school that his father owned and lead. A place where his father and his perfect stepbrother, Eka, would always be around him and made him feel worse each day. A place where he never wanted to be. \"Hey.\" Uco heard a voice in disguise. He started opening his both eyes. \"Hey, wake up,\" said that voice, \"You're Uco, right? The new guy?\" The voice sound very cheerful, woke Uco up from his sleep. It turned out that he fell asleep not long after he arrived in the room, and he slept on the lower bed, which belonged to his roommate. Uco got off the bed and sit. A boy sat beside him. He had short curls and clear eyes, yet he was smaller than Uco. He smiled innocently. \"I'm Rama,\" he passed his hand to Uco, but Uco did not shake it. He hated to see Rama's innocent smile. He did not understand why some people could be that cheerful, why they smiled innocently or sincerely. Like Rama. Like Eka. \"Have you unpacked?\" ask Rama, not less friendly as if Uco acted nicely towards him, \"Do you need my help?\" \"Can you shut up?\" \"Eh?\" \"Your voice makes me sick,\" mocked Uco. He got off the bed. \"Oh, I'm…sorry,\" said Rama regretfully, \"But, anyway, this lower bed is mine. You sleep on the upper bed-,\" \"No, I want the lower one,\" Uco cut, \"I don't want to bother climbing the stairs.\" Uco crossed his arms and stared at Rama. His rascal sense was tempted to bully his new roommate for he was being too innocent and cheerful as if the world was a beautiful place. He really wanted to see the smile left Rama's face. \"Okay!\" Rama agreed as he smiled, \"Actually I've always wanted to sleep on the upper bed, but since nobody slept on the lower bed, it feels weird to sleep up there ahahaha…,\" he laughed. Uco furrowed his eyebrow. That Rama boy was not afraid at all to his bully. He was not even angry towards Uco's selfish attitude. \"Now, I'll help you unpacking, okay?\" Rama got off the bed right away and unpacked Uco's clothes from the suitcase. He put them in the empty wardrobe, left Uco speechless. Never in his life had he met such an impulsively helpful person. And that person was neither afraid of nor mad at him. The first school day was smooth so far. Wounds and bruises on his face made some students curious, but Uco did not give a damn. Since he first being a rascal, he had been used going anywhere with wounded face. He was scheduled for the postponed mid-test in the upcoming weekend. He stared outside the classroom window and watched the quiet baseball field until a small paper ball came to his desk. He looked around and found a girl sitting across him waved. He winced and opened the paper, found a tidy handwriting on it. Rascal, huh? He looked at the girl who threw the paper. She smirked. Uco was shocked to find somebody revealed that he was a rascal, and more surprisingly that person was a girl. She had a pretty face and her long hair was tied into a ponytail. Uco looked at her again, and she was already listening to the teacher's explanation. \"Hey, Co.\" Uco turned to where he heard the voice and sighed. It was Eka. Uco went back to his activity, finding books he might need for the next class in his locker. Eka lied on a locker beside Uco's. \"How's your first day?\" he asked. \"How many people?\" asked Uco. Eka winced. \"Huh?\" \"How many people have you informed that I'm rascal?\" Uco closed his locker door and stared at Eka, who winced and shook right away. \"I didn't tell anyone,\" he said, \"Besides, what is that for?\" \"I don't know, to raise your reputation higher?\" Uco snorted, \"By telling the world that the new guy is somebody worse than you?\" he left Eka, and Eka followed him. \"Wait, wait, what are you talking about? I have no idea, Co,\" said Eka, confused. \"Quit pretending,\" replied Uco, \"Somebody in my class knows I'm rascal. Who else's going to tell her if it's not you? Or am I quite famous as a rascal that everybody needs to know?\" he walked away, leaving Eka in question. Eka sighed. He really was confused of Uco's accusation towards him. He surely never told anyone that Uco was a rascal, not only because Bangun asked him to, but also because he did not find the benefit of it. \"He's so mean to you,\" someone talked to Eka, \"Is he the new guy?\" Eka turned his head to the voice. It was Ryuuichi standing there. That Japanese boy was both his roommate, classmate, and best friend since they both entered Putih Abu-Abu. \"Yeah,\" replied Eka, \"He's my relative, and he's always been like that.\" \"Relative?\" Ryuuichi was startled, \"You don't even look like each other. Say, who is he? You know you can't hide a thing from me.\" Eka chuckled. They both headed off to a classroom to have the next class. \"But you and Kei don't look alike as well,\" he teased. Ryuuichi smirked. \"You mean I look grumpy and Kei looks friendly?\" he quipped. Eka laughed. Ryuuichi indeed had a cousin in Putih Abu-Abu, who was also a Japanese, and his name was Keiichi, the boy whose room was also available beside Rama. \"Well, I can't tell you. Not now,\" said Eka. Ryuuichi shrugged and nodded, knowing he could not force his best friend to speak. Uco walked around the school alone. The class session had just been over and he had nothing to do. He saw some clubs had activities in each room or field, so that he could look around. He walked inside a building which turned out to be a big arena. Some students were practicing martial arts inside. Uco took a seat on one of audience seats. He looked around the room. His eyes caught Rama in a group of students wearing black uniform for pencak silat. Looks like he had a fun conversation with another boy who was a good looking one, and they looked close with each other. Uco looked at another side of the arena and found someone he recognized as his classmate who revealed that he was rascal. That girl was wearing white uniform for karate, and she was practicing her kicks. \"Hey, you're the new guy, right?\" Uco looked at his left. A boy, who looked older than him, stood there. His hair was brushed tidily and he had eyeglasses on his nose. Instead of cardigan or vest, he wore white blazer as his outer uniform and it was worn properly. Uco did not answer. He was always like that, keeping himself off people. \"I'm Bejo,\" that boy sat beside Uco, \"I'm Student Council President, so if you need something, or you have questions, you can ask me.\" \"Can I ask you to leave me alone?\" ask Uco indifferently. He went back to his activity looking around the arena. He saw Rama found him at the audience seat and waved, but he did not reply. \"I can't,\" Bejo laughed, \"Looks like you're a kind of difficult person.\" \"It's none of your business.\" \"It is mine,\" said Bejo firmly, yet still in a swift voice, \"I'm responsible of every student here. A difficult person like you usually has problems, and if you need any help, maybe I can-,\" \"Thanks but no thanks for your hospitality, now I want to puke,\" Uco stood off his seat and left the arena. He could not stand people being nice to him, and all that he knew was every time he acted harsh to people, they always left him alone. He wondered why people in Putih Abu-Abu did not seem to do the same thing. Meanwhile, Bejo chuckled and lied on his seat. He waved to a boy in the arena, the one who was talking closely to Rama. Knowing he would have a mid-test, Uco read some books while lying on his bed. He was basically a smart boy, so that he was not really afraid to face a sudden exam. He read until he heard Rama came and unpacked his training uniform. \"Hey, hey, I saw you talking with senior Bejo,\" said Rama before he sat on Uco's bed, \"He's a cool person, right? He's very helpful with students.\" \"I think he's only a kind of person who loves to interfere somebody else's business,\" said Uco indifferently, still reading a book, \"He's happy if he knows he's better than some people.\" Rama quit smiling. He sighed and looked at the floor. Uco glanced at him for a moment and sighed silently, that finally his sanguine roommate gave up on him. He knew that in the end he could never trust nor count on everybody, because everybody always expected others to act nicely, no matter it was sincere or lie, and he hated it. \"Why do you always talk so mean?\" asked Rama. Uco was startled. It turned out that his roommate did not give up easily. \"What? Why-,\" \"Are you happy with that?\" Rama cut, \"Are you happy talking mean and such?\" Uco was shocked and speechless. Rama looked at him with his innocent clear eyes. \"We're roommates, right?\" he said, \"I mean, if you're not happy with anything, or you have problems, you can tell-,\" \"ENOUGH, ENOUGH!\" Uco stood off the bed, he turned wrathful hearing Rama saying what Bejo said, \"See? In the end, everyone just wants to mess inside other's business!\" \"You don't have friends?\" asked Rama, \"You don't have…brother? Or sister?\" \"What?!\" \"Because friends do that,\" said Rama again, \"Friends, sisters, brothers. Family. They share everything with each other, help each other solving problems, or at least supporting each other. Did you never do that? I mean, like…you're…really…alone?\" Uco turned speechless again. He did not remember the last time he shared things with people. He forgot the last time he had friends, yet he never thought of his rascal friends as real friends, they were only people with the same purpose. He forgot the last time he talked properly to his father, yet he never remembered that he ever talked properly to Eka no matter how Eka had always tried to get him. \"You people always talk about nice things,\" said Uco cynically, in the end, \"You'll want to switch room once you know who I really am, Rama,\" he smirked. His cold eyes stared at Rama. \"Hum?\" asked Rama, confused, \"Switch room? Why? You're a nice person and I lik-,\" \"I'm a rascal, Idiot,\" Uco cut. Rama was stunned. He did not predict that he would get a rascal as his roommate. Meanwhile Uco smirked to see Rama got shocked. He did not care that he revealed who he really was, he only wanted to prove that no one in the world was a really good person. And he knew nobody would want to befriend with a delinquent, except they were delinquent as well. From what he saw, Uco could tell that Rama was not one of them.[Chapter 2] [Author's Note] Yay! my request to add category and characters from The Raid 2: Berandal was granted! Now along with Uco is getting \"dere\" lol we can finally unleash our imagination of the movie! Thank you admin! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Someone to Save You © OneRepublic \"You're a rascal?\" asked Rama. His eyes looked enthusiastic. Uco winced. He did not intend to answer the question, because he was sure he spoke clearly enough. He just did not understand why Rama did not react the way he expected. \"Rascal means…you fight with people?\" asked Rama again, without waiting for Uco to answer his first question. Uco furrowed his eyebrow. \"Yeah,\" he said, \"I beat people, I punched their faces. And I can do them to you.\" \"Whoa,\" Rama was amazed, \"It means you're a strong person! I knew it! You're tall and your posture looks tough, I know you're a badass!\" Uco was stunned. He first thought he was mistaken hearing, but he knew he was not. He just told Rama that he was a rascal, and Rama, who should be afraid or annoyed then asked for a room switch, praised him instead. Rama had seen through Uco without he noticed, since he was too innocent to realize how he was capable to see good things out of the bad. \"Wait, but you have a lot of wounds and bruises, it means your opponents might be stronger…,\" Rama stood off the bed and looked closely at Uco's face, \"How about you train yourself in a club? Our martial arts clubs are very competitive…eh, wait, hey Uco, wait…,\" Uco could not stand Rama babbling and left the room with the door opened. He walked down the stairs and when he almost walked downstairs to the ground floor, someone caught his arm. He turned around. Rama chased after him. \"Why are you leaving? I'm talk-,\" BAM! Uco pushed Rama to the wall beside the first room in second floor. He strangled Rama and stared at him angrily with his two cold eyes. \"Can you just shut up?\" growled Uco, \"Why…how do you keep talking sweet-,\" Before Uco finished talking, his collar was grabbed from behind and he was slammed to the floor. He tried to get off, yet before he even succeed sitting, somebody had sat on his chest with his fingers strangling Uco's neck tightly, made him breathless. \"What the hell…,\" said that person, \"…did you do to Rama?\" he growled. His wrathful eyes stared hatefully at Uco. Between his losing breath, Uco tried to recall where he ever seen that boy. \"Nooo!\" Rama pulled that boy from Uco, but he did not move an inch, \"No, Brother, let him go! If Headmaster Bangun caught you, you'll be suspended from the nationals!\" Uco was shocked. He remembered that boy was the one who talked closely with Rama during pencak silat activity hour in the arena. That boy quit strangling Uco, he pulled his collar and pulled him off, pushing him to the wall. He strangled him again. \"Brother-,\" \"He's your roommate, Ram?\" asked that boy, who must be Rama's older brother, \"This asshole is your roommate? How dare you mess with my brother, Dumbass!\" he growled to Uco. That boy was as tall as Uco, but he was a lot stronger that Uco could not push him back. \"Let him go, Andi,\" said Bejo, who suddenly appeared, \"It's dangerous. You'll get suspended from the important championship.\" \"But this new asshole had messed with my brother, and I consider that a punch or two will be good for him,\" the boy, whose name turned to be Andi, did not let Uco go. Both Rama and Bejo pulled his shoulders until he took his hands off Uco's neck, left Uco coughing. Andi pointed at Uco. \"Don't let me find you, once again, mess with Rama,\" he threatened, \"Because I don't care about the nationals more than I care about him!\" he walked with Bejo to the third room in second floor, which must be their room, leaving Uco and Rama alone. Dinner time had just finished and all students had just gone back to their rooms. Uco sat on his bed, his fingers were playing on a book that he has not finished reading. Meanwhile Rama, who had just entered the room, stared at him. \"I'm sorry about that,\" he said, \"My brother's always being overprotective.\" Uco stared back at Rama. He wondered how come he apologized to him, since he was the first who strangled him at the wall, and it was very normal that his brother came to defend him. Besides, he was amazed to see how Andi could be that protective to Rama. All his life, he never found himself neither protect nor being protected by anyone. \"He's a badass,\" Uco smirked, \"Stronger than any rascals I ever met.\" \"He is!\" said Rama proudly, he sat beside Uco on the bed, \"I always respect him since we were kids, and this year he's going to participate in national championship.\" Uco sighed. He glanced at Rama before he stared at his feet. He somehow envied Rama who was dearly loved by his older brother that he respected. He suddenly wondered whether Eka might feel about him the way Andi felt about Rama, but then he turned gloomy. He knew how impossible it was since he never treated Eka nicely ever since the first time they met. \"Do you…,\" asked Rama, \"…want to try joining pencak silat? It's fun, really,\" he smiled. Uco snorted. That roommate of his was really a stubborn person, but not in a bad way. \"Your brother's going to kill me,\" he chuckled. Rama blinked and smiled. \"Ahahaha finally you smile!\" he said cheerfully, \"I never seen you smile since we first met.\" Uco was blushed. He stood off his bed and pretended finding some books on his desk. He felt really embarrassed to know that somebody waited for him to smile, that somebody noticed how he never smiled. All this time he did not really like smiling, for he never really was happy with his life. \"So, I'll wait for you in the arena tomorrow, okay?\" Rama chuckled. Although Uco stood back on him, he could see that even his ears turned red. He felt amused to see that the boy who just announced himself as a rascal, who had acted cold since they first met, would easily blush for a compliment. After school, Uco walked to arena building. There he saw again some members of martial arts club training themselves, even with or without coach. He saw Rama in pencak silat section, and Rama waved to him, gave a sign for him to join. Uco walked slowly while he glanced at Andi, who was training his fists with sand sack, glared at him. He ignored it, and walked to Rama who already waited. \"You join?\" asked Rama enthusiastically. Uco shrugged. \"I'll see,\" he replied, \"Today I'll just look around.\" \"You!\" suddenly Andi, who just finished training with sand sack, pushed Uco's shoulder, \"What are you doing again, huh? Still messing with Rama?\" he glared. Uco snorted. \"Is that all in your mind, Brother Complex?\" he hit the spot, made Andi blush. The boys around them were chuckling to hear it. Andi clenched his fist before he threw it to Uco's face, but before it reached the target, somebody grabbed Andi's arm. \"How many times I've warned you to chill, Andi?\" asked the man who grabbed Andi's arm. Uco was shocked. He knew that man. \"I'm sorry, Coach Prakoso,\" said Andi. He went back training with sand sack. Meanwhile Uco stared at the man that Andi called Coach Prakoso, who must be the pencak silat coach. Prakoso had quite long curls tied into a pigtail, and he was even smaller than Rama, but his muscles showed how a skillful and powerful martial artist he was. \"Everyone, now get in line to fight Andi, one on one,\" Prakoso commanded. Everyone got in line except Uco, who walked right away to the edge of the arena where he could watch the training clearest. \"Mind doing me a favor, Andi?\" asked Prakoso. Andi, who was ready with his fists, nodded. \"No, Coach,\" he said, \"This is a perfect pre-training for nationals.\" Uco watched one by one student fought Andi, who turned out to be invincible, even when he got bigger opponents. When it came to Rama's turn, he gave a sign to his brother to fight him just like the other opponents. Andi shrugged and throw his fist to Rama's face, which did not hit because Rama dodged bending and beat Andi's belly instead. Unlike the other students, Rama took advantage of his small posture when facing Andi, which made their fight took a little longer time than others. It ended when Andi slammed Rama to the mattress. \"Phew~,\" Uco whistled impulsively. He felt entertained to see how his roommate and his brother-complex brother showed an amazing fight. He was amazed to see the way Rama exploited his small posture to fight the bigger opponent. He wondered what if he got smaller opponent like Prakoso. Uco gasped. He got something to do. \"Coach Koso?\" called Uco right when Prakoso walked out alone of the arena after all the students went back to their dorms. Prakoso turned and found Uco lied on a wall across exit door. \"Co,\" he smiled and pat Uco's arm, \"I've heard from your father. It's good that you finally study here,\" he said, \"How's it going so far?\" \"What's with that courtesy?\" Uco snorted and shoved Prakoso's hand, \"What are you doing here? I thought Dad offered you a high position in corp,\" he quipped. Prakoso was indeed Bangun's right hand, who had assisted Bangun building the corporation since the beginning. Prakoso chuckled. \"I'm not interested,\" he said, \"I feel more alive training pencak silat, and sometimes participating in championship. Just like your father.\" Uco did not respond. He only stared at Prakoso while processing his each word. Uco had no idea how Prakoso felt what his father did, yet he indeed never knew and never tried to find out why Bangun chose to lead Putih Abu-Abu as a headmaster instead of doing his business with the corp. \"Anyway, why did you watch the training?\" asked Prakoso. \"Only to fulfill your student's request,\" answered Uco indifferently. Prakoso furrowed his eyebrow. \"Rama?\" he asked, \"I heard you're roommates.\" \"Who else? Andi?\" replied Uco cynically, \"He's obsessed to kill me.\" Prakoso laughed. Uco winced, but he did not ask. He had been used not to involve himself in anyone else's stuff, including asking about their expressions. \"I don't know why he did it to you back then,\" said Prakoso, \"But it looks like something happened between you and Rama. He really loves Rama, you know.\" \"Even dumb people know,\" said Uco cynically, \"Silly.\" \"Silly?\" teased Prakoso, \"Define 'silly', Co.\" \"What?\" \"You called Andi silly for loving Rama that dearly, while you're always being loved like that.\" Uco winced. He was dumbfounded. He did not get what Prakoso said, about he was loved the way Rama was loved by Andi. \"You're delirious,\" mocked him. \"I'm not asleep,\" Prakoso chuckled, \"You're just too busy despising Eka that you never know how much he lov-,\" \"SHUT UP!\" Uco banged the wall and glared, \"How dare you talking nonsense about him! I know it, I know that once I step into this school, people will talk good about him to make me worse…,\" \"What? No, I'm just telling you that he cares about y-,\" \"I'm off,\" said Uco. He walked away, leaving Prakoso alone. Uco ate his dinner alone in the dormitory canteen. He was still mad since Prakoso mentioned Eka back then, so that he did not reply when Rama asked him to have the dinner together. \"Hi, Uco,\" suddenly Eka appeared, brought a tray with food and drink on it, \"It's empty, right?\" he looked around the table and found nobody sat on the chairs. He put his tray on the table and sat beside Uco, made Uco quit eating and glared at him. Uco had no idea why, when he was mad hearing Eka's name mentioned, the person should came around. \"Ka, leave me-,\" \"Hey, I'm here!\" Eka did not hear Uco and waved to Ryuuichi instead. Ryuuichi came over with his cousin Keiichi, they both were bringing their meals and took seats in front of Uco and Eka. \"So, you're the new guy?\" asked Ryuuichi friendly, \"I've heard about you from Eka.\" Uco did not reply. He got angrier because two strangers suddenly joined him without his permission, and one of the strangers turned out to be Eka's friend. \"They're Ryuuichi and Keiichi, Co,\" Eka introduced, \"Ryu is second grader, and Kei is first grader like you,\" he said. Uco still did not respond and continued eating. \"Oh, you're the roommate that Rama told me about!\" said Keiichi, \"I heard you're scheduled for the postponed mid-test, so good luck, the test was quite difficult.\" \"Don't say things like that, Kei,\" said Ryuuichi, \"You're the top student, you should be encouraging the others,\" he advised. Keiichi chuckled. \"I'm sorry, I don't mean to scare you,\" he said, \"And if you might need any help in study, you can discuss-,\" \"Thanks for the hospitality,\" Uco cut indifferently, \"I can study by myself.\" Keiichi was surprised with Uco's reaction, for he was being very cold. Meanwhile Ryuuichi chose not to interfere, and Eka continued eating. They all continued eating until they finished. \"Have you decided to join a club, Co?\" asked Eka. Uco did not answer, he sipped his water. \"Senior Bejo told me there's a new guy looking around the arena lately, it's supposed to be you, right?\" asked Ryuuichi, \"Are you interested joining martial arts?\" \"You should be!\" suggested Keiichi cheerfully, like birds of a feather with Rama, \"Rama said you're a brave person because you're not afraid with Senior Andi, the pencak silat champion.\" Uco muted. He did not remember he acted nice towards those people, but those people, especially the Japanese, kept talking as if nothing happened. Keiichi's words also confused him, since he had never been afraid with anyone because he never trusted anyone. \"You should try,\" said Eka, \"Being in a club-,\" \"I'm done,\" Uco stood off the chair and walked away. Ryuuichi and Keiichi were both dumbfounded, while Eka only sighed for he had been used with Uco's attitude. \"What's with him?\" asked Keiichi, \"I never saw people being so distant.\" \"Many things,\" Eka tried to explain, \"He had experienced many unpleasant things, so that he kept himself off people.\" Ryuuichi stared at Eka, while Keiichi rolled his eyes, trying to understand Eka's explanation. \"Unpleasant?\" asked Ryuuichi, \"Is he unloved by people around him? Because his attitude shows it,\" he said. Eka shrugged. He could not talk too much because he was afraid that he would spill about Uco as Headmaster Bangun's son, while everyone in Putih Abu-Abu only recognized that Bangun's one and only son was Eka. Weekend finally arrived. Uco had just finished his postponed mid-test in an empty classroom. When he walked out of the class, he heard people's voices. Some club members had activities, especially the ones who participated in competitions. Uco passed the arena building and peek from the opened door. He saw Andi having a personal training from Prakoso, which must be for the nationals. Andi looked nearly as agile and skillful as Prakoso, he must have had studied a lot from his coach, which made Uco did not wonder why Andi participated in the nationals. Uco walked to male dormitory building but he quit walking when he saw Rama was surrounded by three boys, who looked bigger and older than them, in the ground floor. \"Ah, I'm sorry, Seniors, can I-,\" \"No, no, no,\" one of the boys cut Rama's words, \"We'll let you go after you show us the amazing moves you did with your brother in the arena.\" \"Oh, no, I can't,\" Rama rejected, \"I can't do it outside the arena, it's prohibited.\" \"Quit being cute!\" another senior yelled, \"Show us the moves or we'll be the one who show you and slam you to the floor,\" he threatened, \"Not to the soft mattress.\" They laughed. Uco was shocked. He got the situation right away, that Rama was bullied. And he understood why Rama did not fight back even though he was not bad in pencak silat, he must have been dreaming to participate in championship like his brother Andi, and that was why he tried not be suspended by school. Uco was surprised. He was surprised that unlike before, he understood others. He was also surprised that he knew he could not stay silent for Andi was on training so that he could not help Rama the way he did when Uco strangled Rama back then. \"Let him go,\" he walked and talked to the seniors, \"What are you doing? Bullying a junior?\" Those seniors turned their heads to Uco. They looked unpleasant with Uco interfering. They left Rama and surrounded Uco. \"Who are you?\" one of them asked, \"Another cutie who can't fight bac-,\" BWAK! Uco doubtlessly kicked that senior's jaw. He fell down to the floor. His two friends gasped. \"What did you say? I'm a cutie who can't fight back?\" Uco stared at the falling senior with his cold eyes, his fists were clenched. \"You…how dare you-,\" another senior tried to catch Uco, but he dodged smoothly and kicked the senior's belly with his knee. He was on fire. It felt like forever since the last time he kicked someone. Meanwhile the other senior ran away, followed by his two friends who walked in pain. Uco exhaled. He could not believe he had saved someone from bullying. \"Whoa,\" Rama was amazed, \"That was…cool,\" he said, \"Thank you for saving me, Co.\" \"Keep your head down, Idiot,\" said Uco, \"It wasn't for you. I just feel like kicking someone.\" Rama shrugged. They both walked to their room. Rama opened the door and they both entered. \"I know you didn't fight because you're afraid of suspension,\" said Uco. Rama smiled. \"That's right,\" he said, \"But if you're that longing for the sensation of fighting, you can join pencak silat. Or karate. Or judo. Whatever martial arts clubs sound good, right?\" Uco did not respond. He sat on his bed, tried to think of Rama's suggestions.[Chapter 3] [Author's Note] Yay chapter 3! Woohoo! o/ Anyway if you might find weird things in the character names on The Raid category, it was totally my fault. I forgot to put 'Hammer Girl' after Alicia's name, and I even put 'Bemi' instead of 'Benny' because I was lacking of source. Along with this chapter, I want to apologize to authors who write or might want to write Raid fic :( The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Someone to Save You © OneRepublic \"I know it! I know you'll join!\" Rama pushed Uco once he stepped on the arena floor, after walking through some students who were on self-training. Uco did not comment, instead he let Rama brought him to Prakoso who sat on the corner of the arena, talking with Andi. He made up his mind. He finally decided to join pencak silat club since he knew he would have nothing to do after school and in weekend. Bangun prohibited him to come home during school period, the way he prohibited Eka as well, so that he had no choice. He could not stand lying down on his bed doing nothing, not to mention that he missed the sensation of fighting with people that he finally found when he kicked the seniors who bullied Rama. \"Coach Prakoso, we have a new member!\" said Rama cheerfully. Prakoso turned and smiled, while Andi glared. \"You again?\" asked Andi. He stood off his chair but Prakoso held his arm, gave him a sign to go back to his seat. Andi sat back, still glaring at Uco. \"You're the new guy, Uco, right?\" asked Prakoso. He had been warned by Bangun not to look too close with Uco in front of students. The last day he talked with Uco at the back side of the arena, nobody was there except them. \"He's my roommate, Coach,\" said Rama, \"Days ago he just defended me from some seniors who forced me to do some silat moves.\" \"WHAT?!\" Andi yelled and grabbed Rama's shoulders, \"Why didn't you tell me about that? Who did that? Give me some names!\" \"Oh, come on,\" Uco snorted, \"Should I stand here watching this lovey-dovey bromance scene?\" he quipped cynically. To him, Andi was being overrated, yet on the other side he was surprised to know that Rama has not told his brother about him being bullied in the past weekend. \"Andi, sit down,\" commanded Prakoso, \"So, you beat some seniors, Uco? You're lucky that nobody reported to Headmaster,\" he teased. Uco sighed and stared lazily at Prakoso. \"I don't care about that,\" he said, \"Just report me if you want.\" \"No, no, you can't report him!\" said Rama, \"He did it to save m-,\" \"Who said I did it for you?\" Uco cut, he started blushing, \"I've told you I just wanted to kick someone!\" he yelled. The more Rama talked about how he defended him back in that day, the more he felt embarrassed. He did not remember he ever did anything for anyone else in his life before. Prakoso could not help not to chuckle, but he held his laughter. He had known Uco since he was a toddler and never in his life had he seen Uco blushed, but at that time he got the moment, Uco was blushed because somebody thanked him for a life saving action, something that Prakoso knew Uco would never intentionally commit since he always kept himself off people. He sensed how Rama started to change Uco. \"Fine,\" he said, \"You can join the next training with your uniform on.\" The next day, Uco found Andi lied on a locker beside his locker after he closed his locker door. Uco sighed. \"What now?\" he asked lazily. Andi crossed his hands on his chest, he did not look at Uco. \"Thank you for saving my brother,\" he said timidly yet a bit harshly, \"I really owe you because I wasn't there for the traini-,\" \"I know, I know,\" said Uco indifferently before he walked away. Andi winced. \"Wait, what?\" he followed Uco, \"You know I was on training?\" \"Yeah,\" replied Uco lazily, \"Am I the only one?\" \"No, but…you haven't joined club back then, and it was weeken-,\" \"I had a mid-test, Fussy,\" Uco cut. Andi blinked. They both quit walking. \"Oh,\" said Andi, \"I see.\" Uco snorted and walked away, leaving Andi alone. He was not happy that Andi dig too much from him, forcing him to speak more that he wanted. Meanwhile Andi was confused. He first thought of that Uco guy as a brat who messed up with his dear little brother, but from what Uco said he can conclude that Uco really kicked the seniors' asses in order to save Rama, not because he just wanted to kick someone. \"Surprise, you talked to a guy who messed with Rama back then,\" Bejo suddenly appeared next to Andi, with Eka beside him, \"I thought you're still obsessed to kick his ass.\" Andi turned and shook. He saw Eka smiled at him politely so that he smiled back. He respected Eka not only because he was Bejo's secretary in Student Council, but also because Eka was another sport champion in the school, just like him. \"He saved Rama,\" said Andi with relief, \"He didn't admit it, but he beat some guys who bullied Rama when he knew I wasn't there for the training, you know, for nationals,\" he said. Eka impulsively chuckled to hear it. \"What's funny?\" asked Bejo, \"Hooo, looks like somebody knows something here…,\" \"Ahaha no, no…,\" Eka laughed, \"It's just very normal that Uco acts that way.\" \"Really?\" asked Bejo again, \"Normal, for someone as resistant as him?\" he was curious. \"He's resistant, no doubt,\" replied Eka, \"Yet it doesn't mean he doesn't have sense of favor. He can differ wrong from right, he just will never admit that he did something to help others,\" he explained as he chuckled again. He had watched Uco since they first met, that even though Uco kept people away, he had a good sense of favor. He could help people without he even noticed, and in the end he would never admitted it. That was why Eka could never hate Uco no matter how harsh he acted towards him. \"Whoa, as expected from a top student,\" praised Bejo, \"You're a good observer.\" Andi blinked, he was amazed of what Eka said. Even though he still did not forgive Uco for messing with Rama, he came to think positively on him. He realized that he should have forgiven Uco. Days passed along with Uco's training in pencak silat club. As a new member, he was burdened with physical trainings and tasks to clean up the arena after club hour. Like in a bright Friday noon, when he was folding the mattresses to be put in the corner of arena, so that school staff could easily bring them to the storage room. He did it alone because everyone had already gone back to their dorms, including Rama who apologized for not helping him cleaning because he had a lot of homeworks. \"You're doing silat?\" a voice echoed in the arena, surprising Uco, \"Good for you.\" Uco continued folding mattress. He did not expect Bangun to take a visit, and he knew it was done on purpose since everyone had already left the arena. He stayed muted. \"I heard you saved your roommate from bullying,\" Bangun kept talking, \"Don't worry, I won't scold you because I knew it from Koso. He said Rama thanked you for it.\" \"What are you talking about?\" asked Uco, still folding mattress, \"I didn't save anyone, I just missed beating and kicking people.\" \"I don't believe you're going to do the same thing if you didn't see anyone got bullied,\" replied Bangun, \"And now you're here, active in pencak silat.\" \"If you're done, you can leave me alone,\" said Uco indifferently, \"The longer you're here, the more people will be curious about us. You should be hanging around Eka, your perfect son, not me.\" Bangun did not respond. He only watched Uco folding mattress, while Uco wondered why his father did it. He kept folding mattress and sometimes wiping sweat that fell on his forehead. Cleaning arena up after club hour was tiring, but he somehow felt stronger by doing it. \"Your mid-test result is high,\" said Bangun before he walked out the arena. Uco snorted. He knew he worked on the test quite smoothly so that he was not surprised to know about his high result. But according to his father's reaction, he knew that his result did not even equal Eka. Since Eka came to the house, he had never been his father's favorite anymore. Eka was out of his reach. Compared to him, Eka was a lot smarter, stronger, and nicer. He had always been a top student at school and an archery champion that Bangun was proud of. Uco put the last mattress on the floor. He sat on it and caught his breath, as well as he wiped sweats on his forehead and neck. Meanwhile, Bangun was still behind the arena wall outside, silently watched his son cleaning up. \"Watch him,\" he said, \"But once he messed up, don't doubt to punish him.\" \"As you wish, Sir,\" replied Prakoso, who had been behind the arena wall since Bangun entered the arena, \"Everything's fine by far. Transferring Uco here is your best decision.\" \"Is it empty?\" Uco looked up. He was having lunch alone in the school cafeteria, and was surprised to hear a girl's voice speaking. Since he came, nearly all the girls were not brave enough to talk with him, probably because of his distant attitude along with wounds and bruises on his face. \"Yeah,\" said Uco before he continued eating. That girl sat in front of Uco. She was the girl from Uco's class, who threw paper ball to Uco on his first day. The girl who knew that he was a rascal. \"I saw you join pencak silat club,\" she talked before she ate her club sandwich. Uco did not reply. He wondered why suddenly a girl came and talked to him, while at the same time he did not expect it and wished to be alone instead. \"I'm Alicia,\" she continued talking, \"Nice to meet you, Rascal.\" \"How did you know that?\" asked Uco indifferently. He was curious at first, but he did not really care about it in the end. He already knew that it must be Eka telling that girl about him because no one else knew such issue. \"You want to know?\" she asked back, \"Or you're just asking it to break the ice?\" \"Meh,\" Uco snorted, \"Break what ice? While I wish you were not here,\" he said. Alicia giggled. \"You're a straightforward person,\" she said, \"I was a rascal as well, that's how I know.\" Uco quit munching. She glanced at Alicia for a second before he started munching again. He could not believe his eyes that Alicia was a rascal, because her face was too pretty for it. She had fair skin and there were neither bruises nor wounds on her flawless face. Uco had some female rascal friends back then, yet none of them looked even close to Alicia. \"I take good care of my skin, just if you wonder,\" said Alicia as if she read Uco's mind, \"I came here recommended by Senior Bejo. He found me on the street back then, I was out of energy for being beaten up by my opponent-,\" \"Are you serious that I must sit and listen to your fairytale?\" Uco cut Alicia's words, \"Because thanks but no thanks, I lost my appetite,\" he stood off his chair and walked off the cafeteria. Alicia sighed and giggled. She found Uco as an interesting person, when she was bored with other boys who only chased after her attention because of her beauty. \"So, how do you think?\" asked Rama, \"It's fun by far, right?\" Uco did not reply. He and Rama had just finished another pencak silat training, and they just left arena building after cleaning it up. Rama spent his spare time to help Uco cleaning up, so that they could walk together to the dorm afterwards. Uco glanced at Rama for a moment while they walked. Lately he felt somehow closer with Rama, especially since he joined the same club with that roommate of his. He had no idea since when he did not hate seeing Rama's friendly smile or even listening to his cheerful voice. \"Hey,\" Rama pat Uco's elbow, surprising him. \"Oh,\" Uco was startled, \"Yeah, it's not bad.\" \"Soon there will be selection for sectionals,\" said Rama, \"I wish to participate. Do you?\" Uco rolled his eyes. Rama was right, sectionals selection had been close. Some juniors would be selected by school, through Prakoso as the coach, to participate in sectional championship, where they would compete in pencak silat with other competitors from high schools in West Java area. Yet Uco was not too excited, he knew he was not qualified enough to participate. Besides, he only joined the club for spare time. \"Not really,\" he replied, \"Even so, I think you will,\" he smirked. Rama raised his eyebrow. \"Why?\" he asked, \"I think you will, too. Your have agile kicks,\" praised Rama. Uco shook. \"I'm not interested with championship,\" he said, \"I don't join the club for such a purpose.\" \"Wait!\" said Rama suddenly, \"What is that?\" he pointed to the backyard, where the storage room was located. Uco turned and saw some male students gathered on their ways to the storage room. They quit walking. \"They're…second graders,\" said Rama curiously. Uco winced. \"…GO, YOU DIC-!\" They were shocked to hear female voice in disguise. They realized right away that it did was cut because the girl's mouth was shut with something by someone. Or some people. They shivered to think of what was going on, yet at the next second they both ran with no sound together to the storage room. The door was closed. Rama tried to open it but it was locked from the inside. Uco ran to the closest window to look inside and he was shocked. He saw Alicia was surrounded by four or five male students. Her mouth was shut with something that looked like a handkerchief, and both her arms were strangled by two male students. She struggled to loose, her feet were kicking at the air. \"What happens, Co?\" asked Rama before he looked inside from the window, \"Oh my God, no…what are they doing to Alicia?\" Uco understood the situation right away. He had no idea why Alicia was brought there, but he understood that it took five male students because one was not enough, since Alicia did karate. It needed more than one person to catch her perfectly. He clenched his fist and banged the window glass, but it did not break. He did it many times and it stood still. He lost breath. He realized he did not have strong fist to break a window glass. Yet he glanced at Rama and found an idea. \"Can you break the glass?\" he asked. Rama was shocked. \"What?\" he said, \"No, I'm not that stro-,\" \"You are that strong,\" Uco grabbed Rama's shoulders, \"I watched you during training, you never missed a target, you can even shock your brother with your punch. Yes, your brother, the champion. So, help me. Now,\" he looked sharply at Rama's clear eyes. Rama was amazed for a moment. He never saw Uco being that serious before, especially seriously begging someone to do a thing for him. And that was why Rama knew he had no choice but to do a favor. A favor for both Uco and Alicia. He looked inside again and found Alicia had been pressed on the floor, obviously would be harassed. \"Fine,\" he walked back off and clenched his fists before he moved forward and hit the window glass with his right fist. The glass was cracked. Rama was stunned. He did not even know that his fist was that strong. Meanwhile Uco, who understood that they were one step closer, moved back and kicked the glass until it broke to pieces. He jumped inside and shocked the male students. \"Seriously?\" asked Uco indifferently, he walked over them, \"Five cowards versus one girl?\" \"Who are you?\" one of them asked unpleasantly, \"Belated hero?\" Uco replied that question with a strong kick to that student's shoulder. He fell down, shocked. \"Uco, no!\" yelled Rama from the window, \"You may not fight, you'll get suspend-,\" \"Before I got suspended, I'll make sure they're expelled first, Ram!\" replied Uco excitedly. The rest of the male students gasped, both of them attacked Uco at the same time. Uco dodged and kicked one of them on the belly with his knee, and punch another's chin with his fist. Two students fell. Yet Uco was too busy to notice that the other two had held baseball bats and nearly beat him, but… \"Uco, bow down!\" Hearing such warning, Uco bowed down. Alicia, who had been free, kicked one student closest to Uco and snatched his baseball bat to hit the other's jaw. The last two students fell. She pressed the student that she kicked on his chest with the bat, and left him breathless. \"How dare you,\" she growled, \"How dare you staining this bat…,\" Uco winced. He did not understand why Alicia looked so furious. Her eyes stared wrathfully at the student that she pressed, while she did not care about the others. But he ignored her and opened the storage door instead. He found his father, Bejo, Eka, a student that Uco did not know, and some teachers outside. Rama had called them.[Chapter 4] [Author's Note] Yay, the character list on the categories had been revised! Thank you Admin! Now everyone can unleash their imaginations! Along with this chapter, I want to apologize to my Beta for not asking her to review the draft first. I thought she'd be busy or was still having a holiday, so I think I can't bother her like that, and in return I'm ready to receive any feedback about this chapter. Anyway, if you had enough time, please also read another Raid fic I made, The Chant. It was a romance between Hammer Girl and Baseball Bat Man lol sorry because I ship them as lovers, and please give some reviews about it too. I need to hear whether it is okay to use 'Very' as Baseball Bat Man's name or not, because I can't think of any other names. The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Someone to Save You © OneRepublic \"Alicia,\" said Bejo, \"Alicia, let him go,\" he pulled Alicia off the student she pressed. The others helped the falling students getting off the floor. Uco snorted. He was not pleased to see his father was there with his stepbrother right after he kicked some asses, because he knew Bangun would slap him or such, and Eka would watch before he helps him off the floor. \"Thank you,\" said the unknown student formally, yet his eyes stared thankfully at Uco's, while Uco winced because he did not know him, \"For saving a student. I'll make sure they'll get the punishment. Oh, I'm Jaka, Student Council Vice President,\" he shook Uco's hand and patted his arm before he came to Bejo and Alicia. As Rama helped the last student off the floor, everyone left the backyard except Uco, Eka, and Bangun. Uco snorted. \"Since I already knew what you're going to say, do you still need to say it?\" he quipped. \"Really?\" asked Eka, he chuckled, \"You already knew that we're going to thank you for what you've done for Alicia?\" he stared at Uco's eyes. Uco was startled before he sighed. \"It's not somehing to be thanked about,\" he said, \"She was going to be harassed by five people.\" \"Alicia is one of the most beautiful students here,\" said Bangun, \"But she always acted ignorant towards the boys who chased after her attention, which may be why those boys were irritated with her attitude. She was once a rascal like you.\" \"Tell me something I don't know,\" replied Uco nonchalantly. Yet deep inside he was surprised to know the lame reason behind those five students' action. \"You're doing better,\" said Eka proudly, \"I'm glad that you join us, Bro-,\" \"DON'T CALL ME THAT, YOU'RE NOBODY!\" snapped Uco before he walked away. Bangun glared. \"Uco, mind your attitude!\" he grabbed Uco's arm, but Uco shoved it angrily. He walked faster so that he would not be caught again. \"Please forgive him, Ka,\" said Bangun regretfully, \"I know you've tried to be a brother, but he never get it.\" \"It's okay, Father,\" Eka smiled, \"I understand. I'm indeed not his brother.\" \"That's not right,\" Bangun pat Eka's shoulder, \"You two may not be blood brothers, but you care about him nearly like a blood brother,\" he said. Eka shrugged timidly. They walked off the backyard. Uco was cleaning the arena up, after club hour, when he found Bejo stood beside the mattress that he was folding. He looked up and found that Student Council President stared at him. \"I waited for you,\" said Bejo. Uco continued folding mattress. Previously at lunch time, Bejo visited Uco's table, asking Uco to meet him in Student Council Office. Back then Uco did not respond, as well as he did not appear before Bejo afterwards. \"Doesn't mean you have to bother visiting me,\" said Uco nonchalantly. He carried the mattress to the corner of arena, and came back to fold another. \"I found Alicia on the street back then,\" Bejo started talking, \"She was helplessly bleeding because of a fight. She was still in senior year of middle school, and I wasn't Student Council President yet,\" he lied on divider wall in front of audience seat. Uco continued folding. He had no idea why Bejo summoned him to his office just to tell him about Alicia. He carried another mattress again. \"It was hard to dig from her because she was kind of distant, like you,\" Bejo continued. His voice was swift but loud, so that Uco could still hear it even though Bejo stood far from him. \"But after we met many times, she started to open,\" he said, \"She was being a rascal because her orphan friends from the orphanage did it. Oh yes, she's an orphan,\" Bejo read Uco's surprised wince, \"She showed me some moves then. That's how I know she should be a martial artist. She got talent.\" Uco put down the last mattress to the floor. He exhaled and wiped sweat on his neck before he brushed his wet hair with his fingers. \"Hey, catch,\" Bejo threw a water bottle and Uco caught it, \"Gift for the hero.\" Uco looked at the water bottle. It was mineral water. Uco concluded right away that Bejo must have gotten it from vending machine at school building because he knew he would meet a tired boy. He sighed. He was always hopeless to resist nearly everyone in the school. After he surrendered with Rama, he seemed to have to do the same thing with Bejo. But unlike the impulsive Rama, the well-prepared Bejo was something that made Uco could not resist. \"I didn't ask for it,\" Uco opened the water bottle and drinked, \"But I appreciate it.\" \"I'd gladly take it as a 'thank you',\" said Bejo. Uco stood side by side with Bejo. \"I'm glad that Headmaster Bangun is a very open-minded person,\" Bejo continued with his story, \"Right after I told him about Alicia, in order to recommend her, he only asked me to invite her to this school to test her moves and power in front of all martial arts club coaches,\" he said. Uco did not comment. He tried to understand about his father from Bejo's story. All this time he did not know how his father worked at school. What he did, how he managed the students, how he ran the school, everything. He even still did not know why his father chose to lead Putih Abu-Abu instead of the corporation that he built. But from what he heard, he can at least conclude that his father was respected and admired by the students. \"Karate club wasn't Alicia's choice because she didn't understand what to choose back then,\" said Bejo again, \"Coach Goto recruited her. He was impressed with Alicia's stable footwork.\" Uco rolled his eyes. He knew Coach Goto, the Japanese karate coach, because he saw him nearly every day in the arena, training students in karate club. \"What happened with her attackers?\" he asked. \"Nearly expelled,\" replied Bejo, \"But considering their high academic points, they were only suspended until a week before finals. They had been sent home. They would be expelled right away once they touch Alicia again.\" \"I expected them to be expelled, though,\" Uco smirked before he sipped his water again. \"That was what Jaka struggled about in our meeting with Headmaster,\" said Bejo, \"Even Eka suggested the same. Heh heh,\" he laughed, \"That cool archer was surprisingly on fire back then.\" Uco was surprised. All this time he only knew Eka as a calm person, who never even showed too many emotions to everyone. He thought that Eka would calmly suggest not to expel those students, but he turned out wrong. \"Mind walking with me to dorm?\" asked Bejo. Uco glanced at Bejo before he shrugged. Bejo chuckled. He knew he can deem it as an approval. Since the day he saved Alicia, there was something Uco felt curious about. Rama was not as cheerful as he was used to be. He was still doing fine in the club (Uco did not know how he was in class because Rama was in different class), even lately he trained himself more with sand sack. Including after club hour, along with Uco cleaning arena up. And unlike before, Uco agreed when Rama asked him to have dinner together. The change in Rama's nature kind of tickled his curiosity. \"You don't like your meal?\" asked Uco. They were sitting across each other on the same table, having their dinner. Rama was startled. \"What? Oh, no, no,\" he replied, \"This is good, I like this menu,\" he pointed at his fried rice. \"You're not sure being selected for sectionals?\" asked Uco again. Rama winced. \"Not really,\" he said, \"Are you?\" he asked back. Uco shook. \"I told you I don't care about championship,\" he said, \"My point is you look like you have problems. Maybe you're about to share some pieces of it.\" Rama was stunned. He did not blink for a moment. It was very unusual that Uco asked him to tell stories or give information, since he never did it before. Yet the next second, he turned gloomy. Something indeed burdened him, but it was related with Uco, and he was too shy to tell him. \"Is it embarrassing?\" asked Uco again, kind of nonchalantly. Rama sighed. \"Um…,\" he said, \"Not really. It's just…related with you,\" he turned gloomy again. \"Related with me?\" Uco furrowed his eyebrow, \"What did I do wrong?\" \"No, no,\" Rama waved his hand and shook, \"It's not like that, you didn't do things wrong. Even you…did it…,\" he looked embarrassed, \"Right. You did it right, I think.\" Uco winced. He had no idea why Rama turned gloomy if he did things right. \"What does that mean, then?\" he asked. \"When you fought those seniors back then, to save Alicia,\" Rama started to explain, \"I warned you not to do that for you'll be suspended. But you went ahead, you kicked their asses, and saved Alicia. And I'm glad that you don't have to be suspended…,\" \"So, what's the problem?\" \"You were just like my brother,\" said Rama, \"From what I've seen, you both are…selfless.\" Uco raised his eyebrow. He was surprised yet he did not understand what Rama said. He knew there was no way he was a selfless person, since he realized how he always keep himself off people. \"You're bravely standing for what's necessary,\" Rama continued, \"My brother was like that, too. Remember when you strangled me back then?\" asked Rama, and Uco nodded, \"I asked him to let go of you because he'd be suspended from nationals. But he didn't, for my sake. He knew the nationals is important, but he realized that defending me was more important.\" Uco rolled his eyes. He tried to interpret Rama's words. \"You did it, too,\" Rama continued, \"You knew you can be suspended, but you still beat those seniors to save Alicia. You were not afraid. My brother was, too. That's why I start questioning the actions that I'm used to take,\" he turned gloomy again. Uco was startled. He understood what Rama said, although he did not want to believe it. What he did back then was totally a common sense. He saw a girl would be harassed by five guys, and he just had to stop it, end of story. And in such a condition, there was no way he can still consider about suspension or punishment. His goal was only one back then: to save Alicia from those students. But Rama saw deeper. He saw through Uco, by using Andi as an equal comparison, all the good things out of the bad. Uco, who never thought seriously of what he did, was amazed. \"When you kicked the senior, I didn't do anything,\" said Rama again, \"I started feeling guilty, like…all those silat exercises become useless, because I didn't use it to help people.\" Uco blinked. He stared at Rama, who still looked embarrassed and guilty. He sipped his water after finishing his dinner. \"Listen, Idiot,\" he said, \"You don't need to feel guilty. You've helped us enough by calling teachers and Student Council, because somebody needed to take such action. If you worried about what happened inside, you saw that I and Alicia handled everything.\" Uco was surprised of what he said. He had been able to see meaningful little things since he did not know when. And he was not less surprised to realize that he tried to cheer someone, something he never committed intentionally in his life. He once hated to see the smile on Rama's face and wished for it to disappear, but it was surprising him that once it really disappeared, he struggled to return it. The next class was scheduled to be in laboratory. Uco arranged his books and was ready to move to lab, until he saw Alicia stood beside his desk. \"Mind walking together?\" she asked. Uco shrugged and stood off. They both walked out the class and headed to the lab. \"I haven't thank you,\" said Alicia. \"It's not something to be thanked about,\" said Uco nonchalantly. Alicia smiled. \"You're really keeping people off, huh?\" she giggled, \"But I'm happy that you talked with Senior Bejo back then. I bet he already told you things about me.\" \"Do you play baseball?\" asked Uco suddenly. He was suddenly curious of why Alicia messed with the student who attacked her, using a baseball bat. But Alicia winced and shook. \"No. Why?\" she asked back. Uco did not answer, he only shrugged. Deep inside he was cursing himself for being curious about other people's business, which was something he hated most. \"Ah!\" said Alicia suddenly, \"It must be because I attacked that senior with baseball bat, right?\" she guessed. Uco did not reply again. He refused to go too far inside someone's life. \"Hee hee,\" Alicia giggled happily, \"The one who plays baseball is not me. It's my little brother who's still in his senior year of middle school,\" she said cheerfully. Uco raised his eyebrow to see the change in Alicia's expression. She talked very normally before, just like ordinary girls, but suddenly she turned cheerful and happy when she mentioned about her little brother. Suddenly Uco felt familiar with such kind of person. \"He's a beater in his school's baseball team,\" Alicia continued, \"So far he had only been in sectionals, but I hope he can go to nationals once he joins here.\" \"You're going to recommend him the way Bejo recommended you?\" asked Uco. \"Yes!\" replied Alicia excitedly, \"I really want him to go to the same school with me, like when we were in middle school. Since I entered this dorm school, I rarely meet him and I miss him everyday.\" \"I thought you were alone,\" said Uco, \"Because Bejo only told me that you're an orphan, he didn't mention that you have a brother,\" suddenly he remembered why he was familiar with Alicia's reaction about her brother. She reminded him of Andi, Rama's overprotective big brother. \"No, I have a brother,\" replied Alicia, \"Do you?\" she asked back, but Uco intentionally did not answer by opening the lab door and took a random seat quickly. He was not happy that suddenly Eka crossed his mind right when Alicia asked such question, while he was obviously nobody to him. Uco and Rama walked together to arena building. That day, there would be an announcement of selected members who would participate in sectionals. Rama looked excited since morning, he was between nervous and curious of whether he would be selected or not. Besides, he had been back to the cheerful him since Uco cheered him when he was down back then. They both would just pass archery field which was located not far from arena building. Feeling a little curious, Uco glanced. He knew Eka was a champion archer since Bangun always mentioned it proudly in front of everyone in the family, yet he never seen how Eka performed. \"Isn't that Senior Eka?\" asked Rama, pointed at a boy inside the archery field. Eka was there, already wearing his chest and arm guards, checking his arrows and tested their sharpness using his fingers. Uco did not respond. \"Hey!\" Eka waved at Uco and Rama. He passed some archery club members and walked towards them. Uco sighed. He did not expect that Eka would catch him passing the archery field. \"Hi, Senior,\" replied Rama. \"I heard today's the selection announcement for sectionals,\" said Eka, \"It's done?\" \"No, Coach Prakoso said it'll be announced at 3PM,\" replied Rama, \"We're heading to arena.\" \"Good luck,\" said Eka sincerely, \"For you two.\" \"What's with that?\" said Uco unpleasantly, \"I'm not expecting to participate. Come on, Ram,\" he walked away. He felt disturbed hearing Eka cheering for him, because his voice sounded sincere and Uco failed to find lies therein. All his life he believed that Eka only pretended being a good kid in order to please Bangun who adopted him, but all his life too, he never proved it. \"Ah, please forgive Uco, Senior,\" Rama was panic, \"Maybe he's in bad mood-,\" \"Please take care of Uco, Rama,\" said Eka, \"I'm counting on you.\" Rama was amazed. He did not blink. \"Are you his brother?\" he asked. Eka shook and looked at his watch. \"You have to hurry, it's almost 3PM,\" he said. Rama smiled and nodded. He walked away, headed to the arena. Everyone gathered around. There would be three athletes selected for sectionals. The selected first participant for sectionals had just been mentioned by Prakoso. She was a girl from second grade. Meanwhile Uco and Rama stood side by side, waiting for the second name mentioned. And when it was mentioned, it was a big boy from second grade as well. \"My brother said participants for sectionals are usually from second grade,\" said Rama. \"How about himself?\" asked Uco, \"He was selected in second grade as well?\" \"No, he was selected in first grade, right away in his first selection,\" replied Rama cheerfully. He looked very proud of Andi, which was the reason why he wanted to be like him. \"Where's he now, anyway?\" asked Uco once he realized he had not seen Andi since he gathered around with those people. \"Third participant is Rama from class 1-C,\" said Prakoso. Uco and Rama were both stunned. \"Huh?\" asked Rama. He did not believe his ears. \"It's you, Idiot, go ahead,\" Uco pushed Rama, who walked ahead as he was still confused. He still did not believe he was selected. Meanwhile Uco smirked. His prediction came true. He always watched Rama during club hour, which was why he even knew Rama had fists that could break a window glass. \"First substitute is Uco from class 1-A,\" Prakoso continued. He stared meaningfully at Uco when he said it, while Uco was shocked. The others stared enviously at Uco, because he joined the club last, even he was still cleaning arena up until last week, but he was already selected for substitute position in sectionals. Uco did not even move an inch since he did not believe what he heard. \"Uco, come ahead,\" said Prakoso again. Hearing his name was called for the second time, Uco had no choice but to walk ahead, gathered with the participants. He and Rama stared at each other unbelievably. The second substitute was just mentioned by Prakoso and she was another second grader. \"Really?\" asked Uco. \"Wha-really?\" asked Rama back. They stared at each other again and started to chuckle. The selection result seemed to be beyond their expectation. \"All participants and substitutes will be on intensive training, start from next Monday,\" said Prakoso after the announcement, \"Before and during sectionals, all participants and substitutes are prohibited to be suspended by school. If suspended, you'll be disqualified from sectionals as well. Do I make myself clear?\" he asked. \"Yes, Coach,\" replied the three participants and two substitutes. Uco was quite excited deep inside. He never participated in any championships or competitions in his life, because he never neither joined clubs nor worked on things seriously. Even though he was quite smart academically, he never became top student as well. But at that moment, he was selected as a substitute in sectionals. He was selected out of the prior members.[Chapter 5] [Author's Note] Chapter 5! Still a long way to the end, though. I haven't even touched the last chapter since the last time I read the second last one. I hope this is not a writer's block, just temporary laziness ._. Few days ago I watched Ini Talk Show in .NET where Yayan Ruhian was one of the guest stars. He looks like a very nice and humble person, also funny. I also watched his speech in The Raid tour in Japan video, that guy really is humorous. Compared to him, Iko Uwais looks more like a crispy person. I mean he looks boring (not crispy like fried chicken). I plan to give more portion of role to Prakoso in the next chapters. I already did, actually. Well, before I mumble more than this, here I present chapter 5. Please take your time to read and review! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Someone to Save You © OneRepublic \"Is this your job, Dad?\" asked Uco suspiciously. He was sitting across Bangun in Headmaster Office. After club hour, Prakoso conveyed Bangun's message to summon Uco to his office. \"What job?\" asked Bangun. Uco snorted. He started to understand. There should be no way he was selected for sectionals, even as a substitute, if it was not because of his father's order to Prakoso, his loyal right hand. \"The sectionals,\" replied Uco, \"You told Prakoso to select me as substitute, right?\" he stared at Bangun angrily. He knew he was not a good kid, he was even a rascal, but he despised deception. And he would never want himself to be involved in deception. But Bangun smirked cynically. \"Is that all in your mind?\" he asked. \"That you committed deception?\" asked Uco back, \"Yes,\" he answered. \"Not that one,\" said Bangun, \"It's about you looking down at yourself.\" \"What?\" \"You said you were selected by my order,\" said Bangun, \"Don't you at least think you were selected because of yourself? Because you're capable, so that Koso trusted you to be a substitute for sectionals?\" \"What joke is this?\" asked Uco cynically, \"I joined the club later than the other members. I did nothing specia-,\" \"You know what, that's why you're never over Eka, Uco,\" said Bangun, \"Not even equ-,\" \"Can you not mention his name when talking to me?\" snapped Uco. He had been angry enough and he did not expect to be angrier by hearing his stepbrother's name mentioned by his father. He could not stand being compared with Eka anymore. \"Uco, listen,\" Bangun stared at Uco firmly, \"It's up to you to believe it or not, but I did not interfere the selection. It was all Koso's authority as coach. I'm just a Headmaster, and my task is just to approve his decision.\" Uco was speechless. He could not believe what his father said, but he could not find lies in his eyes. He wondered if he really did right during training, but he could not remember any special thing. \"Then, if you're not involved in selection,\" said Uco, \"What am I summoned for?\" \"I want to congratulate you,\" replied Bangun, he leaned back on his chair, \"Koso has submitted the names to me before announcement, that was why I knew and I left the message on him.\" Uco was speechless again. What Bangun said came to sound logical, they met his sense. He started believing what his father said. He could not think of reasons why Bangun should commit a deception to ease his way to sectionals, since all this time Bangun never helped him in anything. He started remembering that since he was kid, even without a mother who was dead when giving birth to him, he was always taught to work hard without anyone's help, including from his father. \"Well,\" Uco looked to another side, he started to blush, \"Thank you.\" PAM! PAM! Uco was surprised with the confetti thrown over him when he opened his bedroom door. Some boys gathered there and he was stunned. \"Cheers for the rising star!\" said Rama, who still held the confetti thrower. The others cheered and threw more confetti. Beside Rama, there were also Bejo, Eka, Keiichi, Ryuuichi, and someone that Uco could not recognize because that person's face was covered with hood from the jacket. \"Substitute? Seriously?\" asked Keiichi excitedly, \"This new, like really new, guy in silat club?\" he clapped and the others cheered again. Uco was running out of words. He knew that it was a celebration for the sectionals, but it should not be for him. It should be for Rama, the participant. \"Wait,\" he closed the door and interrupted, \"Are you guys not mistaken? If you want to celebrate, I think you should be doing that for Rama, not me, because he's the participant.\" Everyone chuckled. They quit throwing confetti and cheering, yet the person under the hoodie walked forward. That person started taking off the hood and shock Uco. \"You…Al-,\" \"Sssh,\" Alicia shut Uco's mouth with her hand, \"Senior Bejo smuggled me here to celebrate my hero's day,\" she teased. Uco winced. \"But he's my hero, too, Al,\" said Rama, and everyone laughed except Uco. \"Don't spill to anyone that I bring her here, okay?\" Bejo embraced Alicia's shoulder brotherly while asking to the others in the room. Everyone except Uco laughed again. \"Seriously, Senior?\" teased Eka, \"You're Student Council President, nobody's between you and Headmaster, who do you think is going to report you for smuggling Alicia?\" he chuckled, as well as the others except Uco, who was still amazed of what he saw. He was just selected as substitute for pencak silat sectionals without he expected, his father had just congratulated him after many years he never heard it, and then some people celebrated his selection until they had to smuggle a girl, who was obviously prohibited to be in male dormitory. His life felt like flipped. It started to turn into a different unexpected way he never thought before, that he did not hate. \"Come on, sit down,\" said Rama before some people sat down on the floor and some on Uco's bed. There were already some canned drinks and potato chips prepared, which must be bought by those guys when Uco was still in Headmaster Office. \"Congratulations for you two, Rama and Uco,\" Ryuuichi opened a canned drink, \"Too bad that Senior Andi can't join us, because he must be very proud of you, Ram,\" he said. Rama shook. \"He's already in Jakarta now, concentrating for the nationals,\" he said, \"I already left message on his phone about it. I really don't want to break his concentration.\" Uco blinked. So that was why Andi was nowhere in the arena when the selection result was announced, he was already in the capital city to compete in the nationals. \"You? Breaking Senior Andi's concentration?\" teased Keiichi, \"I bet he actually waited for you to do that, like we don't know how much he loves you,\" he said. Everyone chuckled, including Uco. He felt funny to hear Rama did not want to disturb Andi, while he knew exactly that Andi would always have time for his little brother even when he might be kicking his opponent's ass in the nationals. \"Oh, shit,\" Bejo was checking his phone, reading a message he just received, \"Jaka asks me to join dinner. If he texts or calls you, don't tell him we're gathering because he can just report to Headmaster about Alicia,\" he said. Everyone nodded except Uco, because he did not have Jaka's phone number. Jaka, the Student Council Vice President, was also a third grader like Bejo, but they did not really get along in breaking school rules because he was very strict and stiff. \"Speaking of nationals,\" said Alicia, \"Why are you still here, Senior Ryu and Senior Eka? When's nationals?\" she asked. Uco was stunned again. He did not know at first that he was surrounded by the school champions, especially he was not aware that Eka would participate in nationals. He started to feel guilty for not knowing anything about his family members since he had misunderstood his father who summoned to congratulate him back then, because even some people outside the family knew more about them, at least about Eka being in nationals. Yet he was a little bit curious of what nationals Ryuuichi was in, for he never talked to that Japanese boy. \"It's still after finals, both archery and judo,\" replied Eka, and that was how Uco knew what nationals Ryuuichi was in, \"Along with your intensive training, Ram, Uco,\" he looked at Rama and Uco. Rama nodded eagerly, yet Uco did not respond. He wondered if Eka would let him watch when he performed in the nationals later, but then he remembered that he would not be able to do that since he should be on intensive training for sectionals. Uco was startled. He felt embarrassed of thinking to watch Eka's performance in nationals after all this time he never even cared about it. \"How about you, Alice in wonderland?\" Bejo pat Alicia's head, \"When's the selection announcement for karate sectionals?\" he asked. \"If it's not in the end of this week, maybe next Monday,\" replied Alicia. \"You're going to be in,\" said Uco, \"Your footwork is amazing,\" he praised. He did not know why but he felt like it was not wrong to tell Alicia about it, especially since she was the first person in class who tried to communicate with him. Meanwhile Eka smiled to hear it. He was happy that finally Uco wanted to interact nicely with people, at least with people around him, which meant a progress. \"You better believe it, Al,\" said Rama, \"Uco told me the same, and now I'm in sectionals. He's like between a potential coach and a psychic,\" he teased. Uco winced and chuckled, so did the others. He forgot the last time in his life people gathered with him to celebrate something for him and to share laughter about normal stuff. When he was with his rascal friends, they only talked about attacking the other rascals, as well as they only talked harshly with and mocked on each other. Although they laughed, Uco never really laughed back then. He had nothing to laugh about, not even when people talked funny, because he just hated people. And for the first time in his life, he did not hate being in the same room with Eka. \"You're in sectionals? Really?\" A voice woke Uco up early morning. He checked his phone that he put beside his pillow, and it was still 5PM. \"Yeah,\" he heard Rama's voice from the upper bed, \"Me as the participant, and Uco is the substitute,\" said Rama. Uco rolled his eyes for a minute and understood. Rama must have been in a video call with Andi, because he would not mention Uco to anyone else outside the school. \"Oh, my God,\" said Andi on the phone, \"Congratulations for you. And for Uco, too, if you don't mind telling him.\" \"I will, for sure,\" replied Rama cheerfully. Uco was stunned. Another person, again, showed concern about him. And that person was not even around him at that time. \"This brings back memory,\" said Andi again, \"I was at your age when first selected for sectionals, the youngest and newest participant. Mom and Dad would be proud of you.\" \"Ahahaha they already do, of you,\" replied Rama modestly, \"I wish I could be like you, Brother. Brave and selfless like you,\" Rama's voice sounded guilty. Uco sensed that Rama would bring up again the issue that turn him down back then. \"What do you mean? You already are,\" Andi sounded confused. Uco felt Andi right away, for he did think that Rama was not in the wrong place by not fighting with seniors who would harass Alicia. \"No, I'm not,\" said Rama, \"I can't defend people, like what you and Uco did, without thinking of the consequences. I was too coward to break rules in order to save someone's life. About the selection, maybe I master the techniques and skills, but I don't owe the bravery like you. Like Uco. I asked Coach Prakoso about the selection, and…,\" \"What did he say?\" asked Andi. Uco furrowed his eyebrow. When he still thought he was not selected fairly for sectionals, Rama already asked Prakoso about the reason behind the selection. And since he already overheard the conversation, he started feeling curious. \"Exactly what I told you,\" replied Rama, \"He said I'm strong and skillful compared to the other first graders. And about Uco being substitute, Coach said his fist is still not too strong and he still needs to train his footwork, but he has guts and strong mental, two important factors that each martial artist must own. I can't agree more about that,\" he said. Uco was truly speechless. First, he did not believe that it was the reason Prakoso selected him to participate in sectionals. Second, the way Rama told Andi about him sounded not less proud than when he talked about Andi to Uco. He slightly smiled and fell asleep calmly. He started to believe that maybe he was not a bad person as he always thought. That maybe it was what Bangun indirectly wanted him to do. The next day after school, Uco and Rama stopped by archery field again for they still had time before club hour started. They saw some club members were on training, and some were still fixing their arrows and bows. Uco caught Eka in the middle of them. He was fixing his arm guard before he prepared shooting at his target. \"How 'bout we look closer?\" asked Rama. Uco shrugged. He knew he was curious of what Eka did as an archer. They both walked to the audience seat to watch. They took a seat. \"Whoa!\" Rama was amazed, \"Look!\" he pointed at Eka's target. Uco followed where Rama pointed and he was amazed as well. Two of three Eka's bows were shot exactly at the target, even the other one missed only one round. They watched Eka shooting. Uco was surprised to see what he never seen before. Eka looked very serious and focused when shooting, unlike the calm and friendly him that Uco usually saw. And that one shot reached exactly right at the target, again. \"Senior Eka is an amazing person, no?\" said Rama, \"He's top student out of second graders, as well as he's Student Council Secretary and archery athlete. I wonder how he works things out perfectly like that, like…,\" Rama rolled his eyes, \"He never missed a thing.\" Uco did not respond. He was still stunned. He knew he was too busy despising Eka that he never knew that Eka really was the top student, as well as he did not know that Eka's position in Student Council was secretary, a position as important as president and vice president. He wondered why and how Eka did it all. He wondered if Eka had been such a brilliant since before he was adopted. \"Oh, I have a question I forgot to ask you,\" said Rama suddenly. Uco winced. \"What?\" he asked. \"What's your relationship with Senior Eka?\" asked Rama. Uco was shocked. He was suddenly afraid that Rama found out they were stepbrothers, and that he was Headmaster's biological son. \"W-what?\" asked Uco nervously, \"Why?\" he chose not to answer Rama to prevent saying things that would reveal his identity. \"He told me to take care of you. That he's counting on me,\" replied Rama, \"I thought he was your brother, but when I asked him about it, he shook.\" \"I wonder about that, too.\" Uco and Rama were surprised with another voice that suddenly came, saying something related with their conversation. They found Ryuuichi stood next to them and smiled. He sat beside Rama. \"Uh, what are you doing here?\" asked Rama, \"You have training for nationals, no?\" \"Relax, I've been intensively trained each weekend,\" replied Ryuuichi, he leaned against the seat, \"How's it, Uco?\" he asked, \"What's your relationship with Eka?\" Uco got more confused. He wondered if Eka really had spilled that they were stepbrothers, but then he thought that it was impossible because Eka was very loyal to Bangun's orders. \"He told me about you quite often,\" Ryuuichi continued talking without waiting for Uco to answer, \"I saw you were being mean towards him many times, but he always talked good things about you. He said you're a good kid, a smart one. That you're acting mean to people because you've experienced unpleasant things in your past. I can see through people, Uco. From how Eka talks about and treats you, the only possibility I can think of is he's your brother.\" Ryuuichi's explanation surprised Uco. So that was what Eka did and thought about him all this time, that never in a second of his life he hated or thought negatively on him. Uco looked at Eka again just to see him shot another bow right at the target. He did never miss a thing, like Rama said. He never missed affection from Bangun. He never missed compliments from people. \"Ah, when he asked me to take care of you, he really sounded like my brother,\" said Rama, \"And his atmosphere was like Alicia when she talks about her little brother.\" \"I can't agree more about that, both Alicia and Senior Andi have the same atmosphere when it comes to their siblings,\" said Ryuuichi. Uco was surprised. So that was how Rama and Ryuuichi found out that Eka might be his brother: Eka talked about and treated him like the other siblings. Suddenly Uco recalled what Bejo said about Eka struggled in front of Headmaster, his own stepfather, to expel students who attacked Alicia. He felt like he could be wrong about it, but maybe since Eka was usually a calm person, he was turned on fire in order to follow what Uco had done. Maybe Eka wanted those students to be expelled to struggle for what Uco had done for Alicia by kicking those students' asses. \"So, are you brothers or not?\" asked Rama and Ryuuichi at the same time. Uco glanced at them and shook. \"We're not,\" replied Uco, \"How come? He's the Headmaster's son, and Headmaster only has one son.\" \"Hey, you guys!\" Eka just found out that they were at the audience seat, left the field and came over, \"What are you doing here? Isn't it already club hour?\" he looked at his watch. Ryuuichi and Rama both checked their watches too, and together they stood off their seat. \"You're right,\" said Ryuuichi, \"That was a nice show, you didn't miss any target,\" he praised. Eka only smiled and shrugged to hear it. \"Bye, Senior,\" Rama waved, \"Uco, come on, it's time,\" he said, but he walked away without waiting for Uco who still did not stand off his seat. He and Eka stared at each other. But unlike before, he did not stare at Eka angrily. \"Go ahead, you'll be late,\" said Eka. \"What do you mean by asking Rama to take care of me?\" asked Uco, \"Like I can't take care of myself,\" he said nonchalantly. Eka was surprised a little bit, but then he smiled. \"Maybe you don't realize, but Rama changes you,\" he said, made Uco wince, \"I bet, never in your life, you approved someone's request to look around somewhere he's doing his activity in order that you can join. The day you first watched pencak silat training, Uncle Koso told me that you came to fulfill Rama's request.\" Uco was stunned. He remembered that day when he first attended pencak silat club in accordance with Rama's request. That day he might think that he missed the sensation of fighting, but if Rama never suggested him to look around his club, maybe he would just end up missing it and stay spending his spare time doing nothing. \"Nothing's wrong with looking around,\" he felt he started blushing so that he stood off his seat, \"Don't bother asking anyone to take care of me again,\" he walked away. Eka chuckled. Uco walked back on him but he still saw his ears turned red. He was glad that Bangun placed Uco in the same room with Rama, which decision must be made under strong consideration.[Chapter 6] [Author's Note] I have so much to say about this and next chapter. After I wrote Chapter 5, I watched The Raid 2 again and I suddenly felt like I wanted to see Uco with bruises and wounds so badly. Back then I should have continued writing according to the concept, but I broke it. This and the next chapter were written beyond concept. Sorry, I'm not sorry, Uco dear. /plak But then again, when I read the whole story, and wrote the next chapters, I realized that these beyond-concept chapters were like an important turning table in Uco's life in this story. In the end I'm just glad writing these chapters, and I hope you enjoy these chapters (and the next) as well as I do. Oh, and, I have a good news. No, not about mangosteen peel extract, but since I have finished writing the whole story, I'll publish the chapters twice a month, in around 5th and 19th day of each month. Who's excited? Now please take your time reading and do not hesitate to review afterwards! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Recovery © James Arthur Uco opened his eyes slowly. He felt sore and hurt all over his body, including his face. His left eye could not open wider, which must be swollen. He inhaled slowly, for it still hurt to take a breath, and exhaled. Some of his limbs were bandaged. He was still alive. He looked around and realized that he was not in his dorm room. The scent of medicines told him that he was lying on a bed in the school clinic. Intensive training had just been finished in its first day. All the rest members had gone back to dorms to prepare for final test next week, leaving Uco alone. He stretched his muscles after training his punch with sand sack as he headed to his locker to change clothes. Yet before he even opened his locker door, his mouth was shut with someone's hand and he was brought by some people to the backyard, and to storage room. He was slammed to the floor. \"What the f-,\" \"Silence, new guy,\" a boy bent down to look closer at him, \"We just brought you to teac-,\" BWAK! Before that boy finished his sentence, Uco's kick had already landed right on his right jaw and threw him to the floor. Two bigger boys moved into him to put him off the floor and gripped his both arms tightly. Uco counted the number of the people and he got seven students. \"Seven to catch one,\" he smirked as he recalled that three of them were seniors who attacked Alicia , who had come back to school, and the rest were pencak silat club members, \"Why are there so many cowards in this school?\" SLAP! A second grade girl slapped his left cheek hardly. She glared as she grinned at him. \"Say, it's not going to be troublesome if a substitute's not in, right?\" she asked mischievously. The big boys who gripped both Uco's arms tightened the grip. Uco spit. \"This is why you, cowards, were not selected for sectionals,\" he grinned. The girl punched his right cheek. Blood flew slightly from the corner of Uco's mouth. The rest had already held baseball bats with them, ready to beat Uco. But Uco struggled to lose off the grip by jumping and rolling to the back as the boys who gripped him were pulled and fell to the floor. He landed freely and moved to kick the girl on her waist, but she dodged by bending down and stood off to punch Uco's chin. Uco was staggered. \"Go get him!\" she yelled to the rest, and all of them beat Uco alternately with their baseball bats. He could not handle once one bat hit his belly and the other one hit his back. He was too tired because of the intensive training. He fell to the floor hopelessly. \"How 'bout some more punches on your pretty face, arrogant brat?\" the second grade girl from pencak silat club bent down and tilted his chin. And the last thing that Uco remembered was she punched his left eye hardly. It was already dark outside, from what Uco saw through the clinic window. He could not move an inch for nearly all his limbs felt nothing but painful. He could not do anything but breathing and it pissed him off. He swore to get his revenge towards those people once he got recovered. A curtain that covered his chamber was opened. Bangun and Eka were there to visit him. Bangun still looked as calm as he was used to be, while Eka looked worry. Eka walked and stood across Bangun, so that both of them stood on Uco's right and left side. \"You okay?\" asked Eka as his hand caressed Uco's hair slowly. Uco was startled for that treatment but he could not move to resist it. He had no choice but to let Eka continued caressing his hair and somehow something knocked on his iron wall that he built all this time to resist Eka. \"Did you start this?\" asked Bangun. Uco tried to shook but he could not, so that he could only send a glare to his father. \"Can you speak?\" asked Eka, \"We need some names,\" he said. Uco replied that question with a long breath out. Bangun and Eka looked at each other. They knew they could not ask Uco about anything yet. Eka rolled his eyes. \"Cleaning service staff found him at the backyard,\" he said, \"The last time we were there…,\" \"Alicia's case?\" asked Bangun. Eka nodded. They looked at each other again. Uco looked at both of them alternately and saw them sending meaningful stare at each other. \"Get some rest,\" said Bangun before he walked off the clinic. Eka smiled at him. \"I'll call Rama and Alicia to help you eating,\" he said, \"You must be hungry, it's already dinner,\" he caressed Uco's hair once again and followed Bangun. Uco was speechless. He felt painful yet warm to find both his father and stepbrother visited him right when he needed it, since he was attacked for doing nothing wrong. Bangun never did it when Uco was beaten because of battles with rascals, and he prohibited Eka to do it as well. There were only some maids helping him treating his wounds. He figured out that it was never the same when the family visited him, even without helping him treating his wounds and bruises. Another night came. Rama and Alicia, with Keiichi, visited Uco again. Alicia helped Uco eating by spoon-feeding him the porridge little by little. \"Senior Jaka was mad as hell,\" Keiichi reported the result of a big meeting which was held between Board of Teachers and Student Council after school, \"He repeated 'I've told you' many times to teachers, including Headmaster, and finally they agreed to expel those people.\" \"R'ly?\" asked Uco as he swallowed his porridge. He started to be able speaking, but not too much. Keiichi nodded. \"Some teachers still defended them by saying that they would be expelled if the one they mess with were you, Al,\" Keiichi stared at Alicia, who winced, \"But the final decision was Headmaster agreed to expel them right away, because no matter who they messed with, they messed with student.\" Rama and Alicia sighed relief breath. Uco rolled his eyes, wondered how Bangun and Eka found out that the person were the same people with the one who attacked Alicia only because he was found at the backyard. \"How many people, Co?\" asked Rama. Uco raised his three fingers. Rama and Alicia winced. \"But there were five people attacked me,\" said Alicia, \"So it means not all of them involved.\" \"Mm,\" said Uco before he opened his mouth to receive another spoon of porridge. \"Three?\" asked Rama, \"You—seriously, only three?\" \"Mm,\" replied Uco. Rama, Alicia, and Keiichi rolled their eyes. Uco did not tell them the truth since he did not want to. He did not want those pencak silat members to be expelled before he took his revenge from them. After a week of bed rest at clinic, Uco went back to the dorm. Wounds and bruises were still all over his limb and face, he was still bandaged everywhere, but he could already walk straight and speak because the pain slowly left. He sat on his bed. He regretted that he skipped a week of sectionals intensive training, yet he realized that his condition was not possible as well to be on training. \"You ready for finals?\" asked Rama, who just finished unpacking Uco's stuff and put them back on table and wardrobe. Uco rolled his eyes and nodded. \"You brought me books, materials, what else can I do to kill time except studying?\" he asked nonchalantly as he smirked, \"Ouch…,\" he moaned as the pain attacked the corner of his mouth, which was still taped. He forgot he could not smile too wide yet. Rama chuckled and sat beside Uco, but then he looked closer at Uco's face and winced. \"Oh, no, it's bleeding,\" he said, \"I'll change the tape,\" he walked to Uco's table to find the tapes they got from the clinic. Uco removed the tape from his mouth and moaned silently, found a little blood on the tape. Rama came back with a tissue and a tape, he used the tissue to wipe blood on Uco's mouth carefully. Unconsciously Uco stared at Rama's clear eyes as he did not realize how close the distance between their faces was. Rama put on the new tape and pasted it with his thumb. \"Done,\" he said, \"What now? It's already noon, dinner's close,\" he asked. Uco did not answer. He carefully lied down on his bed because his backbone still hurt. He did not want to do anything. Not studying, not even eating. He glanced at Rama who was humming a tune gently. Slowly he recalled how that roommate of his had always been there for him. Although he was on sectionals intensive training, he never missed a day visiting Uco at clinic during the week. \"Hey,\" he said as he looked at the ceiling of his bed. Rama turned and smiled. \"What?\" he asked, \"You need something?\" Uco did not reply. He wondered how Rama became a very helpful person, yet at the same time he did not expect Rama to always think that he needed help. \"Just…,\" he gulped to find the right words, \"…lay down. There.\" Rama furrowed his eyebrow, but he did not complain. He lied down next to Uco as he stared at wounds and bruises on his flawless face. He chuckled. \"What's funny?\" asked Uco as he looked at Rama, but Rama shook. \"You look good,\" he said, \"But the strange thing is you look better with wounded face, like…more heroic? Or villainy?\" he chuckled again, \"More manly, I guess.\" Uco was stunned. Nobody ever commented about his wounded face ever before, as he did not matter with that. With or without wounds and bruises on his face, he knew he would remain him. He was amazed of how Rama nearly always was the first doing anything towards him. \"Does it mean you want me to ask you to punch my face once I got healed?\" he joked. Rama laughed hard. \"That's not a bad idea,\" he said, \"It'll be a good exercise. Oh, no, be careful with your laugh, it will bleed again,\" he said when he saw Uco started chuckling. \"How's the training?\" asked Uco, \"Somebody replaces me?\" \"Uh-huh,\" replied Rama, \"I'm sorry about that, I thought we'd go together for sectionals.\" \"Don't mind that,\" said Uco, \"I'll try to attend,\" he rolled his eyes. He was thinking of who had replaced him, was it one of some members who attacked him, and how long he might be able to recover. He was not aware that Rama was stunned towards his answer. \"You'll attend? Really?\" asked Rama, excited. Uco glanced at him and nodded. Rama smiled. \"You know what, if you were not injured, I could just hug you right away,\" he said. Final semester test had just finished in its first day. Uco just left class and walked to his locker to put and take some stuff. Nearly everyone stared at him since his face was wounded more terribly than before, but he did not give a damn and headed off to arena building instead. Finals did not stop sectionals intensive training, only the club activity hour, which means only participants and substitutes were required to attend training. \"Hey,\" somebody stood before Uco, stopped him from walking, in front of exit door. \"Oh,\" said Uco when he saw Andi there, \"You're back.\" \"Yeah,\" he stared at Uco from head to toe and back to head again, \"You-,\" \"You won?\" Uco asked before Andi asked him. Andi was startled. \"Ah,\" he said, \"Um…yes. Second place,\" he added. Uco nodded. \"Congratulations,\" he said, \"I'm off.\" \"Hey, hey, wait,\" Andi followed Uco stepping out of the school building, \"Rama and Bejo said you were beaten by some second graders, what happened? What did you do?\" he asked curiously. \"Kicking their asses to release Alicia?\" asked Uco back. Andi winced and shook. \"No way,\" he said, \"The guys who messed with Alicia were not from martial arts club, there's no way they could just beat you that way, put you in clinic for a week…Uco, tell me, are they the only person involved? Because I heard only three students were expelled, while Alicia was attacked by five.\" Uco did not reply. He continued walking as he kept his mouth shut. He really did not want anyone to know, even though he was quite surprised that Andi noticed the oddity of the condition. They both arrived at arena building and walked in. There have been Prakoso there, training Rama and the others with one on one fight. Uco and Andi walked closer and stopped next to Prakoso, who realized of their coming right away and smiled. \"Well, if it isn't the national champion,\" he welcome Andi, who chuckled and shook. \"I'm just the second best, Coach,\" he said. The way Andi acted humbly reminded Uco to Rama, convinced him that they really were brothers although their faces did not really resemble each other. \"Congratulations for you,\" he shook Andi's hand, \"And you, Uco, how's your condition?\" \"Getting better,\" replied Uco as he glanced into a substitute who replaced him. It turned out to be the second grade girl who slapped his face and punched his eyes back then, the one who commanded the others to beat him with baseball bats. That way, Uco was convinced that her purpose really was to participate in sectionals, even as a substitute. He then wondered how the other attackers feel, since the selected one was only her. \"Coach, she…,\" Uco pointed at that girl. Prakoso sighed. \"I'm sorry that you have to be replaced,\" he said regretfully, \"Your condition's not strong enough to be on training, yet we still need a substitute.\" Uco nodded. His brain worked making plans as he stared at the new substitute and caught her grinning at him. The next day, Uco came back to the arena building at the same hour with intensive training. He surprised everyone, especially Rama and Prakoso. Rama did not hear anything from Uco that he would come to arena again, and he also thought that Uco would just go back to the dorm to study for the next test or to ask Keiichi to teach him something. \"Why are you here?\" asked Prakoso as Uco stood next to him, watching the training. Both participants and substitutes were training their fists with sand sacks. \"Can I have training?\" asked Uco back. Prakoso furrowed his eyebrow. \"What?\" he said, \"No, of course not. Your condition-,\" \"I'm getting better,\" said Uco, \"I've been through many fights before, and the only way to recover is by training my body. I promise I won't mess with intensive training,\" he stared straight at Prakoso's eyes. \"EH?\" asked Rama, who suddenly appeared in front of them as he left his sand sack, \"You—I thought you'd study for finals-,\" \"I haven't told you that my mid-test score equals 10th place out of first graders?\" asked Uco. Rama was stunned. He knew Uco was smart from the way he finished each homework quite quickly everyday, yet he did not know about his mid-test score which was not announced on board because he took the test after announcement. \"Okay,\" said Prakoso, for he knew Uco was not a kind of person he can stop ever since he was kid, \"If you're that sure about your condition and your finals, you can come. But once you got injured, I won't hesitate to stop you,\" he stared at Uco's eyes. Uco nodded. \"Deal,\" he said. Rama was shocked. \"Wait, but…your condition-,\" \"I'm fine, Tiger,\" Uco grabbed Rama's shoulder and walked him to his sand sack, \"You should be focused only on sectionals and finals,\" he released Rama, \"I'm off, see you at dorm.\" Since the third day of finals, Uco started his additional training in arena building along with sectionals intensive training. He trained his stamina with running and doing some sit-ups and push-ups, as well as he trained his fists and kicks using sand sacks. In the last finals day, the new substitute came to him after she finished the intensive training while Uco still trained his kicks using sand sack. \"What are you expecting?\" she quipped, \"Being substitute again?\" \"Is that all in your mind?\" asked Uco as he kicked the sand sack. \"What else?\" that girl smirked, \"Like there's a lot of things you can do,\" she snorted. \"A substitute won't participate in sectionals unless something happened with the participants,\" said Uco, \"Why did you target substitute position?\" he asked as he smirked. That girl did not reply. Uco chuckled to see it. \"Of course,\" he said, \"Cowards wouldn't be brave enough to attack the participants, especially alone,\" he quipped. That girl blushed as she glared and threw her fist at Uco's face, but someone held her arm from behind, shocked her. \"Se-senior-,\" \"So, it was what happened,\" said Andi. Uco stopped kicking sand sack and sighed. \"Let her go,\" he said, \"This is between me and her.\" \"Oh, I can't,\" said Andi as he gripped the girl's arm tighter, \"I'm going to bring you to Bejo and Headmaster Bangun,\" he stared at that girl angrily, \"You don't deserve being here.\" \"O-ouch,\" that girl groaned, \"Let me go! You have no evidence!\" she yelled. Andi glared. \"She's right, Senior,\" said Uco, \"What can you do? I'm not even going to testify before Board of Teachers and Student Council, Headmaster will end up saying you're making things up,\" he wiped sweat on his forehead before he brought down the sand sack and put it to the corner of arena. Andi snorted and let the girl go. She ran off the arena building. Andi stared at Uco. \"What are you thinking about?\" he asked, \"Getting revenge? And being expelled as well?\" \"Can you help me?\" asked Uco. Andi winced. \"What?\" \"Fight me, now,\" replied Uco, \"I want to make sure my fists and kicks are strong enough.\" \"What is that for?\" said Andi curiously, \"I can't take the risk, your condition-,\" \"I am fine, Senior Andi,\" Uco stared straight at Andi's eyes, \"Please.\" Andi sighed as he put down his school bag on the floor. He did not know Uco before, but the way Uco stared at him showed how he needed no rejections. He clenched his fists, as well as Uco did. They started fighting. Andi threw his fist and Uco dodged, replied him with another punch that Andi can shove easily. Andi threw fist to Uco's chin but he held it. \"Seriously, I can't do this, Co,\" he said, but Uco kicked Andi's waist, threw him to the floor. \"Of course you can,\" challenged Uco as he grinned, giving an inevitable sign to Andi who had no choice but to stand off the floor and throw a kick to Uco. The real training had started.[Chapter 7] [Author's Note] As promised, this chapter comes out within two weeks. Honestly, I really wanted to write about Eka doing archery, like how skillful he is until he can go to national championship, but I did not have a chance. Not to mention that I haven't mastered much about archery movements and such, and also because this story is not focused on Eka. About this chapter, I love how everything that happened in the previous chapter is finally settled. Well, enjoy the show and your review is always awaited! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Recovery © James Arthur The semester holiday started. Both Uco and Bangun were in Bangun's F-Type Coupe Jaguar, on the way to Senayan Archery Field to watch archery national championship where Eka participated in. They both sat on the back seat and still did not share any words since they left their house in Menteng area. Uco was chatting with Alicia, he wished her luck on her sectionals intensive training. He did not feel any pain on his abdomen any more, as well as the wounds and bruises disappeared little by little. \"How rare,\" said Bangun, breaking the ice, \"You want to watch Eka perform.\" \"Killing time,\" replied Uco as he touched 'send' on his phone. Bangun chuckled. \"You're really a difficult kid,\" he said, \"Koso said you asked for additional training during finals. Looks like you're confident enough about the finals.\" \"I was,\" replied Uco as he stared forward, \"Don't tell me I'm not at least in 10th place,\" he glanced at Bangun and smirked. Bangun chuckled again. \"You're not,\" he said, \"You're not in the 10th place.\" \"No way-,\" \"Because you're in 7th place.\" Uco exhaled a relieve sigh. He knew he did everything in the finals smoothly, since all he did in clinic during his one-week bed rest was nothing but studying, especially because Rama and Keiichi kept bringing him materials for finals. \"Anyway, I discussed with Bejo,\" said Bangun, \"We both believe you were attacked by more than three students back then, especially because they were not from martial arts club.\" \"They brought baseball bats and beat me like demons,\" replied Uco as he stared outside the car window. He still did not want anyone to find out. \"Without martial arts technique,\" said Bangun again, \"You should've been able to attack them back, the way you did it when they messed with Alicia.\" \"I'm new in pencak silat club, what can I do?\" asked Uco, \"Besides, I was too tired.\" \"I hope you don't lie to me to get your own revenge,\" replied Bangun. Uco smirked. \"How 'bout we focused on archery nationals now?\" he said, \"Eka works hard for today.\" Bangun could not reply since they had arrived on the archery field. They walked off the car. Club intensive training started in the second week of holiday. Everyone in club, not only the championship participants who already were on training since the fourth day of holiday, was required to attend, yet some third graders who should focus themselves with national final test were not required. Uco arrived at the dorm in Sunday night. He found Rama putting his clothes in the wardrobe there. \"Oh, there you are,\" said Rama, \"How's the archery nationals? I really wanted to attend, but my family didn't want me to go anywhere in the first days,\" he sat on Uco's bed. Uco put down his backpack and lied on his bed, next to Rama. \"Eka won,\" replied Uco, \"First place.\" \"I knew it!\" said Rama, \"He never really missed anything, just like his father the headmaster.\" Uco blinked. He felt somehow strange that the one who resembled Bangun was Eka, the adopted son. Yet he could not deny that Eka had worked really hard to get there. \"You're their relative, right?\" asked Rama, and Uco nodded, \"No wonder. Your selflessness and guts must be in the blood,\" he praised. Uco chuckled. At the time he felt strange to be different from Bangun and Eka, Rama told him that his character was built from the family blood. He came to feel like laying his head down on Rama's shoulder, for he knew he could just find peace there. In the first day of intensive training, everyone in the club did physical training, including the participants and substitutes for sectionals. Technical training started in the middle of second day, where Uco got Rama as his sparring partner. He needed to dodge many times in order to avoid Rama's powerful fist since he still had some wounds and bruises on his face and limb, and it amazed Rama. \"Whoa, you…,\" said Rama as he clenched his fists, \"You're so fast.\" \"Thanks to your scary punches,\" replied Uco as he threw a kick to Rama's jaw, which Rama fended with his arm. During the sparring, they felt how they both grew stronger than before. Their show invited attentions from the other members and Prakoso. The small but powerful Rama was against the fast bigger newbie. The fight was ended with Uco got kicked by Rama on his waist. \"Sorry 'bout that,\" Rama helped Uco standing off the floor. \"No need,\" said Uco as he reached Rama's hand and stand up, \"I'm basically already recovered,\" he watched the two big male second graders who attacked him back then. They walked off the arena as the training was finished, as Uco kept his eyes on them. After everyone left the arena building, Uco found the two second-graders he watched in male toilet. He had changed his silat uniform with school uniform but without the cardigan and tie. He heard them talking without noticing his coming. \"What can we do? It's decided,\" said one of them. \"It's crazily unfair,\" said the others, as Uco tucked his hand to his pants pocket, \"Seven were in charge, but only one got the benefit as substitute. Worse, three had been expelled,\" he bite his nails, looked nervous. The other one looked worry as well. \"That new guy looked even better,\" he said, \"Look how he handled Rama, the participant.\" \"So, what are you going to do?\" asked Uco as he closed the toilet door and took the key. Those two boys were shocked to see him there without they noticed. \"You…,\" said one of them, \"Since when-,\" \"What are you going to do?\" Uco repeated, \"I bet you really are brainless not to think of this consequence. Three were expelled. Only one was appointed for sectionals,\" he smirked. They turned mad, both walked towards Uco to punch his face, but Uco dodged swiftly. They turned around and threw another punch to Uco, which Uco dodged easily. He avoided two kicks from them by jumping quite high, earlier than the kicks, and rolled towards their shoulders. He pulled them to the floor instead, just like when he struggled to loose from them back then. \"What was your purpose?\" asked Uco as they caught their breath and stood off the floor. \"It's none of your fuc—ouch!\" one of them quit talking as Uco pushed him back to the floor with his arm and knee on him, \"Get him!\" he commanded his friend, yet before the other one even stood properly, Uco had held his neck on the edge of washing stand with his other foot. \"You tell me,\" said Uco firmly, \"Or I will make you two expelled just like those three cowards. Only two of you. How fair is that?\" he grinned. His eyes stared coldly at the student whose neck he held. \"Shit, y-you bastard!\" mocked the student who was pushed on the floor. \"Call the other cowards,\" commanded Uco to the student on the washing stand, \"Now, Asshole,\" he tightened his kick as that student tried to reach his phone inside his pants pocket. He breathlessly called his two friends to male toilet. Not in less than five minutes, the new substitute and a first grader boy burst inside the toilet with panic face. They were shocked to see what happened. Uco never felt stronger before, he did not expect that he could maintain such position in quite long time until he stood up and released them in the end. He stared at the two people who just arrived as they looked back at him. \"What was your purpose?\" he asked, \"Did you, cowards, attack me just to get substitute position for sectionals?\" Instead of getting an answer, the new substitute threw a kick to Uco's jaw that he dodged successfully by bowing down and moved quickly to another side, instead she kicked her friend who just stood off the washing stand. They were all shocked, except Uco. He kicked the new substitute and the first grader right to the other two, made them all fell to the floor. All the physical and technical training after he went back to school really helped him, especially his sparring with Andi and Rama. He learned about speed and technique from those brothers. \"Did your parents never teach you about manner?\" mocked Uco, \"I just asked a simple question but none of you answered me politely.\" \"You new brat,\" said the new substitute, the only girl in that room, as she stood off the floor, \"You were not even qualified to be a substitute. It's too fuckin' early for you, Bastard.\" \"And you think you are?\" Uco grinned, \"A coward like you?\" That girl threw her fist to Uco's face but Uco caught her arm and gripped it tightly until she groaned. The others were ready to attack Uco. \"Wait,\" said Uco, \"If you attack me, I'll break her arm,\" he threatened as he stared coldly to the boys. They were startled for a second. The girl groaned harder as Uco tightened his grip. \"I don't care,\" said the first grader, \"Do it,\" he said. Uco winced. That girl was shocked. \"Ouch…w-what the fu-,\" \"Honestly we don't give a shit,\" said the other boy, the second grader, \"We were still not selected for sectionals,\" he said, as the other second grader nodded. Uco slammed the girl to the wall before he surprisingly kicked the others' jaws alternately. He already knew that those boys must have had such feeling, yet he did not expect that they would have such heart to abandon their friend. \"You're proven brainless and heartless,\" mocked Uco, \"Thanks for the interview,\" he pulled out his phone from the pocket and turned off the recorder before he walked out the toilet and locked the door. He smirked as he heard they were banging on the door, asking for someone to open it. Uco entered Headmaster's office after he heard Bangun told him to come in when he knocked. As he expected when he texted them, both Eka and Prakoso already arrived there, sitting on the couch, while Bangun sat relaxed on his chair. Eka was at school for both intensive training and Student Council. In Putih Abu-Abu, heads and some members of Student Council were required to stay at school once intensive training day started, in order to manage and protect the students at school. \"I'm going to testify,\" said Uco as he put down his phone with the recording file turned on. He mentioned the names of the four students. Eka and Prakoso stood off the couch and walked closer to Headmaster's desk to listen to the recording. They were all shocked. \"Wait, seriously?\" asked Eka, \"Oh, no, two of them are from my class…,\" \"And one of them is now the substitute, thanks to me,\" said Prakoso regretfully. \"Did you just tell the truth or you are making this up?\" asked Bangun. Uco smirked. \"It's none of my concern that you want to believe it or not,\" he said, \"But those four cowards are still locked in male toilet in arena building, well, if the cleaning service staff haven't found out,\" he chuckled mischievously. Bangun took the phone on his desk and called the cleaning service department, asked some staff to check the arena building and bring whoever there to his office. \"How did you handle them?\" asked Eka, \"They beat you until you couldn't even speak.\" \"Exercise?\" asked Uco back. Eka and Prakoso furrowed their eyebrows. \"Only exercise and you suddenly turn stronger?\" asked Prakoso. Uco smirked. \"Exercise like sparring with the champion and one of the participants,\" he replied. Before Eka and Prakoso said their next words, the door was knocked and it was opened after Bangun let them in. Four cleaning service staff brought the students that Uco confined in the toilet. There were small wounds on their faces, which was caused by Uco's punches and kicks. They looked desperate. \"Now, it's up to you,\" said Uco as he smirked again, \"I'm done,\" he took his phone from Headmaster's desk and walked off the office. In his way to the dorm, he passed Bejo and Jaka who looked hurry. Uco concluded right away that they were on their ways to Headmaster Office because Eka called or texted them. He smiled. He was satisfied. \"What are you doing here?\" asked Rama and Alicia jointly as they saw Uco mopping arena building floor. Uco sighed and continued moving his mop. Another intensive training day had just been finished and everyone had left arena building, but it turned out that Rama and Alicia got something to do after training that makes them go back there. It was already 5PM. \"As you see, I'm mopping,\" said Uco nonchalantly. Rama and Alicia looked at each other and furrowed their eyebrows. \"Why are you mopping?\" asked Rama, \"You're no more new member,\" he winced. \"My punishment,\" replied Uco as he looked away, \"That damn headmaster didn't want to just release me after I took my revenge on those assholes.\" \"WHAT?!\" asked Rama and Alicia jointly, again. \"W-what revenge?\" asked Alicia, \"Don't tell me you did something terribl-,\" \"God's sake, I just kicked their asses and locked them in toilet!\" replied Uco impatiently. He had been pissed since morning. Bangun called him to his office, where Bejo and Prakoso were already there as well. He was told that his attackers had been expelled since the previous day, yet it did not release him from punishment because after all he had a fighting with some students not because of defending anyone. Bangun said that he and Student Council had discussed to punish him with the mopping job that he was required to do until the intensive training day ended. Like he was not enough tired because of intensive training. \"So, there really were some more people attacked you,\" said Rama as he rolled his eyes, \"Ah! Four people did not attend today's training…oh, no, don't tell me they were from our club-,\" \"It's obvious, huh?\" said Uco nonchalantly as he continued mopping. \"Are they expelled?\" asked Alicia. \"After beating an innocent student with baseball bats like demons and put him in clinic for a week, of course, Young Lady,\" answered Uco lazily. He really was too lazy responding questions which answers should have been known, yet he knew as well that he had not tell Rama and Alicia yet about anything related with that issue. \"You kicked their asses and locked them in toilet,\" said Rama, his voice started to echo along with Uco mopping further, \"It means you, alone, were against four pencak silat members?\" he asked. \"Wow, that's badass,\" praised Alicia as she clapped. Uco did not respond since he thought it was not necessary. He did not even know why he must receive compliments. To him, he did nothing special. He only took his revenge alone for he wanted to prove his attackers' cowardice. He only wanted to pay back in their opposite way: fighting four of them alone. It was one of the reasons why he took a lot of exercises after he left the clinic, beside to get recovered sooner. It was also the reason why he asked Andi to fight him back then, as well as he took the benefit from his sparring with Rama during training. \"Anyway, we came back to find you,\" said Rama, \"Keiichi wants to treat us in cafeteria, he just hit the first place in finals. You going?\" he asked. Uco continued mopping. \"I'm coming once I finish,\" he replied. Rama and Alicia looked at each other and smiled. \"Call you later,\" said Alicia, \"In case you fell asleep during mopping,\" she joked and laughed with Rama. They walked off the arena building, leaving Uco alone with his mop. He chuckled. He forgot the last time he had friends, but he felt as if it was his first time in forever to have some. He came to think that being transferred to Putih Abu-Abu may not be a bad idea. PAM! PAM! Uco, who was rubbing his stiff shoulder after mopping arena building floor, was surprised with confetti thrown to his face. He came to cafeteria to fulfill Keiichi's invitation, but what he found was some people welcoming him like it was his birthday. \"Huh?\" he asked since he was totally confused. Everyone chuckled. Not only Rama, Alicia, and Keiichi were there as he predicted, but also Eka, Ryuuichi, Andi, Bejo, and Jaka. They all smiled. \"Today's not my birthday,\" said Uco, still confused. \"I know, it's still January,\" said Eka as he walked towards him and pushed him closer to the table where some of them gathered, \"But you might want to ask Kei why he changed his celebration agenda.\" \"Goddamit, Uco,\" said Keiichi as he looked amazed, \"Seventh place in finals? After skipping class for a week right before it started?\" he clapped, \"I should've known why you rejected my offer and said you can study alone, you deserve a celebration!\" he praised. The others clapped as well. Uco rolled his eyes. All this time he had always been somewhere in top ten ranks at school, and nothing was amazing with that since he was a fast learner. \"Besides,\" added Bejo, \"We made a deal this morning, after you left Headmaster's office.\" \"What deal?\" asked Uco. \"We, heads of Student Council, discussed with Headmaster Bangun and Coach Prakoso after your punishment announcement. Pencak silat club had just lost one substitute for sectionals, and that's why you're selected again to fill that space,\" explained Bejo. Jaka and Eka nodded to confirm. Not only Uco, the rest were also shocked to hear it. They have not heard from those heads of Student Council about that one news, even before Uco arrived in cafeteria. \"Why don't we just take a seat first, Everyone?\" teased Bejo, surprising them. They sat on empty chairs around the long table. Uco was still spacing out as he sat down. Not like he really cared about being substitute for sectionals, yet such news was still surprising him. He started to wonder. \"Wait,\" he said, \"Why-what's your consideration? I mean, didn't you just punish me?\" \"We did,\" replied Eka, \"But considering what happened to you and what you've done, not to mention your development in club by far, we tried to suggest it. It's quite helpful right?\" he asked to Jaka who nodded right away. \"Coach Prakoso was confused back then,\" said Jaka, \"He suddenly lost one substitute and he was not prepared to select the new one. Our suggestion helped him, especially he considered your last action in the toilet. That one-on-four battle, I think he was paralyzed by that,\" he teased. Bejo and Eka chuckled as they nodded. Meanwhile Andi, Ryuuichi, and the four first-graders were astonished again. \"Gosh, Uco, this is really your day,\" said Alicia as she pat Uco's shoulder, \"Congratulations!\" \"You learn damn fast,\" praised Andi, \"We only had one day exercise, and look at you now.\" \"Senior Eka, you should've told me earlier that I'll have such an amazing roommate,\" Rama pouted, \"Now that he did it all, I lost my confidence,\" he started chuckling. Everyone laughed except Uco who started to blush. He squeezed Rama's neck instead. \"Shut up, idiot,\" he threatened, but everyone only laughed harder, \"I'm just fuckin' substitute and you're the athlete!\" he squeezed tighter as his face turned red. When everyone laughed, Uco looked at them alternately and his eyes stopped at Ryuuichi. He suddenly remembered something. \"Senior Ryuuichi,\" he said as he released Rama, \"How's the nationals?\" he asked. Ryuuichi, who was laughing hard, started to look nervous. \"Um, I'm in…,\" he replied, \"The same place with Eka in nationals.\" Everyone cheered again except Uco. He only smirked and clapped. He started to learn how the school was really filled with real athletes, although some students might be coward like his attackers. He came to realize that his father must have worked very hard to maintain the school at the same place by far.[Chapter 8] [Author's Note] Now the story is already returned to the concept. I introduce two new characters in this chapter, who happened to be classmates, Dwi and Benny. I like them both for making the character list and the story balanced, since I exactly lack of female characters in this story and I'm glad that I can present Dwi, whose character is different from Alicia. Anyway, I just watched a piece of The Raid 2: Berandal again, in order just to know which areas that Bangun would give to Goto as reconciliation package. But fangirl will be fangirl, I kept watching until the Assassin kicked Rama's ass in front of Bejo and Uco after Bangun died. Well, may you love the new characters and please review as you like! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Home © Daughtry \"Come in.\" Uco opened the door of Student Council Office right after he heard Bejo's voice from the inside. He walked in and found Bejo sitting on president chair behind his desk, working on something on his iMac. The office looked empty, probably because the other members were still having lunch in cafeteria. It was lunch time, and Uco had just finished his lunch before he came to the office. \"Please take a seat,\" said Bejo politely as he glanced at Uco for a while. Uco sat on a chair across Bejo. Bejo quit typing and faced Uco. \"So, how rare of you,\" he teased, \"You ignored my invitation once, and now you bring yourself here. What's the matter?\" he asked. Uco gulped. He felt very embarrassed yet he knew he must do what he wanted to do. \"I won't be long,\" he replied, \"I just want to…thank you,\" he looked at another side. \"For what?\" asked Bejo again. Uco gulped again. \"For bringing me back as substitute,\" he replied as he started to blush. Bejo was stunned before he smiled. He was glad to see how such little brat, who spoke harshly to him when they first met in arena building, had started to change. \"I can't take it,\" he said. Uco winced. \"What?\" \"It wasn't me,\" replied Bejo, \"You should be thanking Eka.\" Uco furrowed his eyebrow. He did not want to believe that Bejo told him to thank Eka for bringing him back as sectionals substitute, but he did not mishear anything. \"Before we came to Headmaster's office to announce your punishment, we had a sudden meeting of three here, just me, him, and Jaka. He suggested us to ask Coach Prakoso to take you back as substitute by considering what happened to you and what you did about it,\" explained Bejo. Uco blinked once. Twice. \"What Jaka said about Coach Prakoso being paralyzed of your one-on-four battle, it was all because Eka explained to him about that, including those attackers' testimony when they were asked by Headmaster about how you attacked them in the toilet,\" Bejo continued. Uco was spacing out. He did not know that Eka could do that much, yet he wondered why. He did not even remember he ever acted nicely towards Eka since he always hated him, so that Eka should not have had any reasons to help him. \"Heh heh,\" Bejo chuckled, \"Here I tell you something, Uco…,\" \"Huh?\" asked Uco as he started to woke up from his reverie, \"What?\" \"When Eka video-called me to inform about you were being transferred, he looked more cheerful than he's used to be. As you see, he always looks calm, cool, and such, but he showed difference back then. And I saw it clearer when I met him in your first day. He was excited and happy. That was why I was curious about you, so that I followed you to arena building to talk with you.\" Uco was stunned again. He really had no idea of what happened with Eka, so that he did not respond to Bejo's explanation. Seeing Uco confused, Bejo chuckled again. \"I wonder why you're acting as if you're an unloved person all this time,\" he said, \"While you have a cousin who loves you that dearly, like blood brother. Like Andi to Rama. Like Alicia to Very, his little brother that you must've heard about from her.\" Uco wiped his sweat after he threw his last kick to the sand sack. It had been two days since he visited Bejo in Student Council Office, and he still had not talk with Eka. He was confused, and he released his confusion with exercise. With such power, he had just beaten a male participant from second grade during one-on-one fighting in technical training. It made nearly all club members acted reluctant to him, especially after they heard about him knocking four people down in toilet. \"Hey,\" suddenly he heard a voice as someone touched his back. \"Oh,\" he was startled for a minute to see Rama there, who had already changed his silat uniform with school uniform without the cardigan, \"What?\" he asked. \"Are you spacing out?\" asked Rama back, \"Everyone has left. You're the only one here.\" Uco blinked and looked around the arena hall. Rama was right, he was alone with his sand sack there. Even the other martial arts club members had left as well. \"It's 5:15PM already,\" said Rama, \"You trained yourself even longer than the participants.\" \"Well, I…,\" he rolled his eyes, \"I've missed some intensive trainings.\" \"Yeah, you have,\" Rama nodded, \"But don't force yourself that much, you still have some bruises on your body,\" he touched Uco's temple beside his swollen left eye, \"Looks like this one is hard to recover.\" Uco stared at Rama's clear eyes as he started to enjoy the touch. He felt how Rama always cared about him and never in a day since they first met, did Rama not show concerns about him. When he felt somehow pleased with that fact, Bejo's explanation about how Eka always cared about and loved him crept into his mind. Bejo said Eka was like a blood brother, and maybe Rama was like that too. \"Huh? What makes you gloomy?\" asked Rama as he put down his fingers. Uco was startled. \"Eh?\" he asked back. He did not even realize of what happened with him. \"Come on, change,\" Rama pulled Uco's left arm and they walked off the arena hall. Eka opened his dorm room door after he received a text from Uco, saying he was outside and he wanted to talk. From the outside, Uco could look inside the room and found Ryuuichi sitting on the lower of the bunk bed, reading a book. \"What's up?\" asked Eka. Uco gulped. He did not find the best words to speak. Meanwhile, Ryuuichi quit reading and saw him there. \"Hi, Uco,\" he said, \"Come in. Ka, why you don't let him in?\" he asked. Unlike the daily him, Ryuuichi was wearing glasses when reading. He looked more like a scholar than a judo athlete that way. \"No, Ryu,\" Eka shook, \"I think he wants to talk with me personally,\" he walked out the room and closed the door. They both walked to the balcony and stood face to face. The night wind blew slowly, yet it still felt too cold due to the rainy season. \"So, what's up?\" asked Eka again, \"Do you need any help?\" Uco released a heavy sigh and shook. Eka winced. \"Then, what's up?\" he asked again. Uco exhaled. \"Thank you,\" he looked at another side, \"For bringing me back as substitute.\" \"What?\" Eka furrowed his eyebrow, \"That's…no need. It's Student Council's decisio-,\" \"I met Senior Bejo to thank him, but he told me everything about why I must thank you instead. So, here I am, and don't make me say it twice,\" Uco started to blush. Never in his life had he thanked anyone for doing him a favor, especially Eka, the stepbrother that he always despised. \"Oh, damn, Senior Bejo talked too much,\" Eka scratched his head as he looked nervous, \"Really, it was nothing. I just thought that you deserve it so I suggested it.\" \"Yeah, whatever,\" said Uco as he blushed, \"I'm off,\" he left Eka in the balcony and walked upstairs to his room. Bejo was right, Eka loved him like a blood brother. Only by saying that he deserves being a substitute for sectionals, Uco could see right away how much Eka cared about him. He started to recall each Eka's kindness towards him since they first met, and each memory only convinced him how he was dearly loved. They might not be blood brothers. But Uco found out that there were no more suitable words to mention Eka than 'brother'. The second semester had started. Uco passed by three big boards nearby Student Council Office, before he walked to his classroom, and stopped by to see what was there again. He saw his name in seventh place out of all first graders, and Keiichi really was the first. He looked at second grade rank board and saw Eka's name in first place out of all second graders. He glanced at third grade rank board to see Bejo's name in first place out of all third graders and Jaka's was in second place. He sighed and smirked as he looked to Eka's name again. Since his last conversation with Eka at the male dormitory balcony, his hatred towards Eka started to disappear. Instead, he came to deem him as a brother. He started to wonder again how Eka did everything perfectly, both at school, club, and Student Council. \"It's in the blood, huh?\" Uco turned his head to where the voice came. It was Ryuuichi standing next to him. \"What?\" he asked. Ryuuichi stared at first grade and second grade rank boards alternately. \"Your brain,\" he replied, \"It's quite rare that a new guy reached top 10, especially you didn't go to school a week before finals. Then Eka reached first place again, which he always did since he was first-grader, at the same time he won archery nationals and supports Student Council.\" \"I can't do that, if you're trying to compare us,\" said Uco as he left the boards and Ryuuichi followed him, \"Doing everything perfectly at the same time, who will?\" he smirked. \"At least you got the same brain with his,\" said Ryuuichi, \"No wonder, since I heard you're still related with Headmaster's family,\" he waved and walked faster to stairs to second floor, to his classroom. Uco sighed. He thought of Ryuuichi's words as he realized there was no way he could do what Eka did. He began understanding why he had never been his father's favorite anymore since Eka came around. He sighed again before he opened the classroom door. Uco had lunch in the same table with Rama, Andi, and Alicia. They were eating as they discussed about some things related with the upcoming sectionals, which would be held after mid-semester test. \"Oh, speaking about mid-test,\" said Andi, \"It's already second semester, right? Student Council President election is close, then.\" Uco, Rama, and Alicia rolled their eyes before Rama and Alicia nodded as they understood. Meanwhile Uco continued eating as he thought of who might be the candidates. \"Could it be Senior Eka?\" guessed Rama after he drank his mineral water, \"I mean, Student Council President is usually the top student, right? Like Senior Bejo.\" \"You're right,\" replied Andi as he caressed Rama's hair, \"Eka is the most possible, then.\" \"But hasn't he been enough busy?\" Alicia wondered, \"And if he was elected, he will have to quit archery, right?\" she asked. Andi nodded. \"President is prohibited here to remain active in clubs, no matter how brilliant he is,\" he explained, \"Bejo was lucky enough that he had been a pure Student Council member since first grade, so that he didn't need to be inactive member of any clubs.\" \"That's like Keiichi,\" said Rama before he was startled, \"Oh, I almost forgot! Keiichi just got a new roommate since yesterday!\" he said enthusiastically. Uco winced to see Rama acted that way. \"Oh,\" Andi rolled his eyes, \"Last night Bejo told me something about new student too, but it looks like I nearly fell asleep when he spoke, so I didn't listen well,\" he said. Uco rolled his eyes. It was quite surprising to know that there was a transferred student after him. \"He's not in our class,\" said Alicia, \"So he's in 1-C?\" she asked. Rama shook. \"Keiichi said he was in 1-D,\" he replied. Both he and Keiichi were in class 1-C. \"Oh, so he's in the same class with Dwi,\" said Alicia, \"She hasn't told me anything.\" Dwi was Alicia's roommate, an active member of school newspapers club. Sometimes she appeared in arena building to take pictures or to interview some martial arts club members. \"Oh, with Dwi,\" said Andi and Rama before they chuckled. Alicia only smirked and shrugged to see it, but Uco winced. He did not understand why they laughed, there must be something they knew that he did not. \"What?\" he asked, \"What's funny of her? Not that I know her well, though,\" he added. Uco knew Dwi only because she sometimes appeared in arena building and talked with some pencak silat club members. Dwi was as beautiful as Alicia, yet she could get along with people better than Alicia, which was a requirement she must obtain as a school newspaper reporter. \"Uh, no,\" replied Andi, \"She's just…a funny girl. She didn't interview you after the toilet incident?\" he asked. Uco shook. The school newspapers club members were not required to come to school during holiday since it was not a sport or art club, while the toilet incident happened in holiday. \"But maybe you better brace yourself, Co,\" said Alicia, \"This school doesn't have too much students, I bet the toilet incident news had been already spread by today, and some reporters may come to interview you. Maybe Dwi, maybe anyone else.\" The next day, intensive training for sectionals, which was off in the first school day, started again. Together with the other members, both participants and substitutes had a physical training. Uco and the other members were still running around the arena hall when he saw Keiichi and another student talked with Prakoso. \"Oh, it must be the new guy,\" said Rama as he ran next to Uco, \"He's tall, like you.\" \"Oh,\" that was the only respond Uco could give. As he ran, he tried to see the face of the transferred student. That student had flawless skin like his, and as Rama said, he was tall. His hair was nearly bald, like an army. When they finished running, Rama came to Prakoso as Uco followed him. \"Coach, he's the new guy, right?\" asked Rama enthusiastically. Uco winced again to see it. \"Yes,\" replied Prakoso, \"He will join by tomorrow. I hope you can help him,\" he smiled to Rama and Uco. Rama nodded, but Uco did not react. Right before they joined the other members to do the next training, a girl came over Prakoso, bringing a big notebook. DSLR camera was hanging on her neck. That girl was Dwi. \"Good day, Coach!\" she smiled cheerfully. Prakoso sighed and smiled to see her. \"I've told you to feel free to take photos, right?\" he said. Dwi furrowed her eyebrow. \"I'm not going to take photos,\" she pouted, \"You should've noticed this big notebook!\" she raised up her notebook. Rama chuckled, but Uco only stared at them. Prakoso and Dwi looked close, which was not a strange thing since Dwi's job must include interviewing club coaches, but there was something that Uco never seen ever since he knew Prakoso. He jumped into a conclusion. \"So, what are you doing here?\" asked Prakoso. \"I'm going to interview Uco,\" she pointed at Uco, \"I've missed a lot of things during holiday, and now it's the hot issue of the day: the toilet incident. Can I borrow him?\" she asked. \"Not now, Dwi,\" replied Prakoso, \"Everyone is on training now.\" \"You mean, it's okay after training?\" asked Dwi enthusiastically, \"Yay! I'll see you 'round, Uco!\" she waved at Uco, and Uco replied her with a smirk before he joined the other members. Uco was interviewed by Dwi in cafeteria after club hour. School cafeteria was opened until 6PM, so that some students could still have some drinks and food there after club hour before they went back to the dorm. \"Um, isn't that the same?\" asked Dwi, \"They attacked you after intensive training, and you attacked them after holiday intensive training as well. So you waited for them to get tired?\" \"No,\" replied Uco, \"Technical training didn't consume too much energy, unlike the physical. Especially they were not selected to participate in sectionals, so their exercise wasn't too heavy.\" \"But one of them, the girl, was the substitute, so she was exactly tired, right?\" asked Dwi. \"She didn't look like one, though,\" replied Uco before he winced, \"You're going to write all of this in the newspaper?\" he started to feel annoyed to see Dwi getting more and more curious and detail. But Dwi laughed and shook. \"Of course not, it will consume the whole newspaper,\" she giggled, \"I just need to write objectively about this, that's why I ask you detailed questions to support my writing.\" \"So, that's enough, I guess,\" said Uco nonchalantly. He looked at the cafeteria door and saw Keiichi walked in with the transferred student. He saw Keiichi glanced at him and waved. He brought his friend to where Uco and Dwi sat. \"Give me your number,\" Dwi brought up her phone, \"In case I have some more things to confirm. Oh, no, no more questions, really,\" she swore as she saw Uco frowned. They exchanged phone number when Keiichi and his friend arrived. \"Hey,\" said Keiichi, \"Interview?\" he asked. Uco did not reply, but Dwi nodded. \"Yeah,\" she replied, \"Oh, hi, Benny,\" said her to the transferred student. \"Hi, um…,\" replied the transferred student, \"Dwi, right?\" he asked. She nodded. \"Uco, this is my roommate, Benny,\" said Keiichi. Uco nodded and shook hands with Benny as he felt like Benny stared curiously at him. \"He will join your club by tomorrow,\" said Keiichi. \"Oh, so you're in silat club too?\" asked Benny, \"Please help me, if you don't mind,\" he smiled. Uco nodded. He saw the curiosity had left Benny's eyes. \"So, that was why we passed by,\" said Dwi suddenly, \"You just joined silat club! You two are so lucky, Coach Prakoso is a very cool person, no? I mean, like, out of all coaches and teachers, he's like a coin, right? Calm outside, badass inside,\" she said cheerfully. Keiichi laughed to hear it, but Uco was somehow stunned. He knew Prakoso since he was kid, even before Eka came to his family, and Prakoso was exactly what Dwi said: calm outside, badass inside. As a coach, a teacher, he was patient and calm, yet still firm. But once he appeared as a martial artist, a pencak silat athlete, he fought like a demon. \"Seriously, Dwi, isn't he like too old for you?\" teased Keiichi. Dwi furrowed her eyebrow. Uco winced as he got quite curious about the Prakoso-Dwi issue since club hour back then. \"What's with that?\" she pouted. Seeing such reaction, Uco thought that he might jump into a wrong conclusion. \"Love conquers boundaries,\" both Keiichi and Dwi said the same thing and Keiichi laughed, \"I know, I know your legendary pick-up line, Dwi,\" he teased again. Dwi pouted again. Benny looked confused since he was new, but Uco was silently shocked. He jumped into the right conclusion.[Chapter 9] [Author's Note] Yay Chapter 9! It's getting closer! Teaser: I love the way everything behind Eka's intensity was finally revealed in front of Uco, by Eka himself. Anyway after writing this I could not stop thinking of the last scene in the bathroom. Yeah call me weak pervert, whatever, but it's freakin' Uco, Butches! Well, please have a little time and I'll be waiting for any reviews! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Flares © The Script After another intensive training, Uco came back to his bedroom and sat on his bed. He read school newspaper headline 'Badass Sectionals Substitute' which was exactly about him, written based on his interview with Dwi. He received the newspaper right before club hour started, so that he put it in his school bag to be read after he finished training. While Uco was reading, Rama came in and put his school bag on his desk before he joined Uco reading. \"So, this is why some people stopped me to ask about you on my way here,\" said Rama as he smiled, \"Your star is really rising,\" he chuckled. He did not walk to the dorm together with Uco because Andi asked him to get some snacks in cafeteria. Uco was asked as well, but he was too tired. \"Star my ass,\" Uco snorted, \"Anyway, did something really happen between Dwi and Coach Prakoso? I heard a little bit of it after my interview with her,\" he asked. Rama shrugged. \"I don't really know,\" he replied, \"She indeed spends her time digging information about Coach from us, and she enjoys herself being around him. Coach doesn't seem to hate it, too,\" he said. \"He can't,\" said Uco, \"As long as their relationship is student and teacher.\" \"Basically she didn't bother Coach, according to my watching,\" said Rama, \"Oh, have you got information about Student Council election?\" he asked. Uco was startled before he nodded. Uco met Eka in front of stairs on first floor at school after he received a text from Eka, asking him to wait for him in front of those stairs. It was when lunch break almost finished, so that only a few students walking around there. \"What?\" asked Uco. Eka smiled. He inhaled and exhaled nervously. \"So, I'm going to participate in election,\" he replied. Uco furrowed his eyebrow. He wondered why Eka should be nervous since it was very normal that a top student in Putih Abu-Abu participated in Student Council election. Even when they were in the same middle school back then, Eka served as the school's student council vice president. \"Oh,\" said Uco, \"Okay,\" he really did not find other words to respond to Eka. \"I'm not going to ask you to support me,\" said Eka, \"I know you need to focus on sectionals. Even so, can you at leas-,\" \"Good luck,\" Uco did not know how he knew that it was what Eka wanted him to say, he just knew and he said it as he stared at Eka's eyes. Eka looked amazed before he made a relieved smile. \"Thank you,\" he said. They both walked to a wall beside class 1-A and leaned against it. They stood side by side. \"Good luck for your sectionals, too,\" said Eka again. Uco smirked. \"I don't really think that it's necessary,\" he said, \"As long as the participants are fine.\" \"You don't know,\" said Eka, \"Anything can happen.\" \"Are you wishing that something would happen to the participants?\" teased Uco. Eka laughed. \"Of course not,\" he replied, \"I mean you still need to brace yourself,\" he laughed again. Uco chuckled to see Eka laughed to his joke, which never happened before. When they were younger, they never had even one proper conversation since he always rejected Eka. \"What are you being nervous about?\" asked Uco, \"You were student council vice president in middle school, you only need to repeat that success,\" he said. Eka smiled and shook. \"It's different,\" he replied, \"I didn't participate in election back then. I was just campaign manager for the president candidate, who turned out to win.\" Uco glanced at Eka, who stood on his right side. Eka was very humble. Even Uco knew that being a campaign manager and election participant were not so different, both require diplomacy and speech ability. He knew Eka had it all, so that he wondered why Eka should be both nervous and humble. \"Yeah, at least the responsibility will be bigger if you won this time,\" said Uco in the end, \"Because it's Student Council freakin' President, right?\" he chuckled. Eka chuckled and nodded. \"Oh, it's you two.\" Uco and Eka quit chuckling to look at who talked to them. It was Benny standing near Eka, who must have had come downstairs from the upper floor and saw them there. \"You're the new guy,\" Eka smiled, \"Benny, right?\" he asked. Benny nodded. \"You said you were student council president in middle school,\" he said. Eka nodded. Uco did not comment. He noticed Benny's curious stare at Eka, which he saw when he first met Benny in cafeteria after his interview with Dwi. \"What's the matter with that?\" asked Eka. Benny blinked and shook. Uco saw how the curiosity disappeared after Benny blinked. \"It's just…cool,\" replied Benny, \"Well, I'm off now, see you later,\" he walked to his classroom. The bell rang, as a sign that lunch break was over. Eka waved to Uco and walked upstairs to his classroom. Meanwhile Uco walked to his classroom in the middle of curiosity. He became curious of why Benny looked at him and Eka with the same curious stare. It was as if Benny had known both of them before. The next week, school was filled with campaign media from candidates for Student Council President. School newspapers headline was even about such issue. Uco received one from a school newspaper member before he walked to the classroom. He sat on his chair and started to read the headline. There were three candidates' photos there. In the first photo was Isa, a girl from second grade who also served as Student Council Treasurer. Eka was in the second photo, and in the last photo there was Bowo, a boy from second grade who lead Disciplinary Department of Student Council. \"You'll surely vote for Senior Eka, no?\" Uco turned his head and found Alicia stood beside his desk. She brought a school newspaper. \"I don't know,\" replied Uco. Alicia sat on her chair across Uco's left side. \"Why?\" she asked, \"Isn't he your cousin?\" \"I support him, though,\" replied Uco. Alicia read the headline again. Uco opened the next pages of the newspaper and read other articles. \"These candidates are like…wow,\" said Alicia, \"Senior Bowo hits second place in finals, and Senior Isa is like…what do I say, if I'm not mistaken she won a national biology olympic. We surely don't need to mention about Senior Eka.\" Uco was shocked. He had been told by Rama and Andi that Student Council President was usually top student, yet he did not think that the winner of the election had to conquer the equally strong rivals. He suddenly worried to see that the election process would not be as easy as he thought. After the first class hour was finished, Uco went upstairs and walked inside class 2-B, confusing the students there. He headed to Eka's desk right away. Eka was talking with Ryuuichi there, looks like they discussed about the subject which was just finished because Ryuuichi was holding a book. \"Eh, Uco?\" Eka was surprised, \"How rare, why-,\" \"Leave the election, Dumbass,\" said Uco as he stared right at Eka's eyes. Eka was dumbfounded, as well as Ryuuichi. \"Wha-,\" said Eka, \"Why?\" he was confused. \"Enough, Ka,\" replied Uco, \"What are you running for? What is not enough for you?\" \"Huh?\" Uco got annoyed so that he pulled Eka's arm and dragged him off the class, confusing Ryuuichi and the other students who noticed. They stopped in front of the stairs. \"You're crazy,\" said Uco, \"You didn't tell me that you'll compete with Senior Isa and Senior Bowo, they're top students as well, Idiot!\" he yelled. Eka was spacing out. He blinked twice. \"Huh?\" he asked, confused, \"Then…why is it that they're top students? Student Council President candidates here are usually top students, like all this time,\" he tried to explain. Uco impatiently breathed in and out. \"That's why I said you have to leave this election,\" he firmly restated, \"It won't be easy. You've worked enough hard everyday in class, in Student Council, in club, and you master them all, and now you want to run in election, competing with two top students? You. Are. Just. A. Human. Eka.\" Eka was spacing out again. He did not even realize when a first-grader accidentally bumped into him and apologized. His mind was busy interpreting Uco's words until he came to understand. \"You mean you don't want me to be more burdened?\" he asked. Uco sighed. \"What else?\" he impatiently replied. \"Does it mean you worry about me?\" asked Eka again. He could not believe that Uco would worry about him, but it was proven once Uco started to blush. \"Whoa, how sweet.\" Uco and Eka turned their head. It was Benny who had just arrived in second floor. He looked a little bit amazed, but Uco could still catch curiosity in his eyes. \"What are you doing here, Ben?\" asked Eka. \"Next subject would be in second floor laboratory,\" replied Benny, \"Um…are you two brothers?\" \"Nah,\" replied Uco quickly, \"Only cousins,\" he found his phone buzzing in his pocket. He took it to find a text from Alicia, telling him that the teacher for next subject was on the way to classroom. \"I'm off,\" he walked down some steps but then he stopped to look at Eka again, \"I said leave the election, Eka,\" he said firmly before he continued stepping downstairs. Another intensive training had just finished. Uco had just almost walked off the arena if he did not see Eka walked to him. Eka gave him a bottle of mineral water that he received and drank right away. \"What's up?\" he asked. Everyone had left the arena, only two of them were there. \"I'm still going to run for the election,\" replied Eka as he smiled firmly. Uco sighed. \"What else do you want to prove?\" he asked. Eka walked to audience seat and sat down there. Uco had no choice but to follow him. He sat down next to Eka. \"I've been learning about what happened in this school lately,\" said Eka, \"This school only consists of a few students, compared to the others. Most of the students are brilliant or talented, they can even bring this school to win many championships.\" \"Are you talking about yourself?\" quipped Uco, and Eka laughed. \"It's not like that,\" he replied, \"What I'm about to explain is this amazing school had just expelled seven of its amazing students. And why is it?\" he tried to ask Uco. \"What are you talking about?\" returned Uco, \"They deserved it for being cowards, harassing a girl jointly, attacking me jointly as well-,\" \"Bullying,\" Eka interrupted, \"In a terrible way. Very terrible way.\" Uco blinked twice. \"Okay,\" he said, \"So?\" \"It needs to disappear, Co,\" replied Eka, \"And if I become Student Council President, I'll make some policies to remove bullying. I may not be as good as Senior Bejo in knowing each student here, but at least I can do something to save them from severe bullying. I don't want any more students expelled because of severe bullying.\" Uco did not reply. What Eka said was all right, someone needs to do something to prevent any more severe bullying in the future. Putih Abu-Abu had lost seven students and it should not lose any more. However, Uco glanced at Eka as he was still irritated with Eka's state of mind. \"Why do you never think of yourself?\" he asked, \"To get there, you need to beat two top students. You'll need to work hard for the election, while you still have archery training, you still need to study to maintain your scores, and you still need to work as Student Council Secretary. Are you out of your mind? You can't handle all at once, Ka!\" he yelled. He did not understand why he worried about Eka that much, he just knew that he needed to stop Eka from overworking. Even though he never really cared about what Eka did, at least he knew that since Eka was brought to his house, he had always been the best in everything he did. At least he knew that Eka must have reached them all by extra hard work, which was why that stepbrother of his should not be more burdened with another extra hard work. \"I must be dreaming,\" teased Eka, \"You worry about me that much.\" \"I'm not joking, Dumbass,\" said Uco, \"I wonder how you handled everything so far, though.\" \"Just studying and exercising harder than everyone else,\" explained Eka, \"I'm not typically a fast learner like you, so I realize I need to do everything twice harder than everyone else.\" \"Of course,\" said Uco before he drank his mineral water again, \"That's why you don't need to participate in election. You don't need to force yourself more than this.\" \"I never forced myself, Uco,\" said Eka as he smiled and stared at Uco, \"Since I was brought to that house, I did promise myself not to ever embarrass Father.\" \"So you did everything for him?\" asked Uco as he furrowed his eyebrow. Eka shrugged. \"Even if so, I'm still the one who got the benefit, no?\" he chuckled. Uco snorted. Seeing such a reaction, Eka stood off his chair and caressed Uco's hair before he walked to the arena floor. He stood across Uco's seat, giving a sign for Uco to come over him. \"What, you've agreed to leave the election?\" asked Uco as he stood in front of Eka. Instead of giving an answer, Eka moved closer and raised his right arm to give a hug. Uco was too astonished to reply the hug. \"I've promised myself not to ever embarrass Father,\" said Eka, \"Because he gave me you.\" \"What?\" It was the only word came out of Uco's mouth. He was totally dumbfounded as he felt his iron wall, which he always built towards Eka, broke into pieces. He suddenly remembered when he was jealous of Rama who was loved dearly by Andi as he recalled Prakoso's words about him being too busy despising Eka until he could not see how much Eka loved him. \"I've always dreamed to have a brother,\" Eka released his hug before he put one hand on Uco's shoulder, \"You were the reason why I am here. I'm not sure I'll approve Father's offer to adopt me if he didn't have a child.\" Uco was still dumbfounded. His mind was busy understanding each Eka's words, as well as he could not believe that his existence turned out to be something influential in Eka's life. \"I promised myself not to ever embarrass Father because he made my dream come true. No,\" said Eka, \"You made my dream come true, Uco. That's why as a payment, whatsoever extra study and exercise means nothing to me,\" he finished as he caressed Uco's hair again. Uco blinked twice as he started to understand. Somewhere deep inside his heart, he knew he really wanted to raise both his arms to hug Eka, but his pride held him. \"My decision about the election hasn't changed,\" said Eka, \"You don't have to worry, I have Ryu as my campaign manager, and Keiichi has temporarily taken over my position as secretary in Student Council until the new president is elected.\" Uco arrived at his room and put his school bag right away to his desk before he threw his body to the bed. He was still amazed of what happened. His mind ran around Eka's confession that successfully destroyed his iron wall, not to mention that Eka's astonishing mission in becoming Student Council President also tickled his sense. His mind was blown away as he closed his eyes. Without he expected, he found out that he was the reason why Eka's life turned this way. \"Oh, you're here,\" said Rama as he walked off the bathroom. He only wore shorts, while a towel covered his wet shirtless top. He had just finished bathing. Without getting off his bed, Uco's eyes ran around Rama. He noticed some abs on Rama's small frame, which must be formed perfectly with silat exercises. For a second he thought of whether he had built such abs or not as well, but he shoved it away. Eka's confession crept into his mind again. \"You're blushing,\" said Rama after he put on his tee and sat next to Uco. \"Yeah, whatever,\" replied Uco as he did not care anymore. He surely could not help himself not to blush each time he recalled Eka's confession. Besides, it was just his roommate asking. \"Anyway, I talked a lot with Benny during lunch,\" said Rama. Uco quit thinking of Eka right away as he heard that. He recalled lunch break instead. He remembered he only had lunch with Alicia for some minutes and he did not care enough to see who were in the cafeteria because his brain was still busy finding out how to make Eka quit his participation in election. \"He was fun,\" Rama continued, \"He said he had learned silat since he was in middle school, just like me and Brother, and he ever participated in sectionals back then…,\" Uco did not hear what Rama said any more about Benny. He was busy noticing Rama's gesture when he talked about Benny instead. He felt kind of disturbed to see Rama talked cheerfully about a new student for a reason he could not understand. \"Are you always this excited when it comes to new guy?\" he quipped. Rama winced. \"Huh?\" he asked, \"What do you mean?\" Uco did not respond since he was also confused of himself. He did not know why he must quip Rama only because he talked cheerfully about Benny, and he should have known that Rama was a very good kid who loves making friends. He stared at his bed ceiling, tried hard to avoid looking at Rama's eyes since he suddenly feel ashamed. \"Ah!\" said Rama suddenly, \"I know! You're jealous!\" \"WHAT?!\" Uco was shocked as he got off his bed, \"What are you saying, Idiot?!\" he yelled as he started to blush again, but surely not because of Eka's confession anymore. \"I'm just guessing,\" replied Rama innocently, \"You brought up about 'new guy' while you were also a new guy here, so I think you-,\" \"Enough,\" Uco cut as he left his bed and walked quickly to the bathroom, leaving Rama confused. He inhaled deeply before he exhaled and rubbed his head. He took off his uniform and turned on the shower. He tried to chill his brain by standing under the shower quite long, but he only failed himself. Instead, what had just happened between him and Rama appeared clearer and clearer in his mind the more he tried to forget it.[Chapter 10] [Author's Note] Ten! Before I finally wrote these last chapters, I was worried of whether I'd be able to explain about the progress in Uco and Eka's relationship. And when I read this chapter again before posting, I feel relieved that I can seem to do what I expected. Honestly I wrote this story because I want to pair Uco with Rama so much, which did not happen obviously in the movie (like, of course). But the more I wrote, especially because I already decided that the genre is family and friendship, the more I explored about the brotherhood between Uco and Eka. In the movie, I also admire their \"brotherhood\" which did not end happily, and that is why I am glad to bring it to this story. But will it end happily here? We'll see :D Please do not hesitate to review! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Secrets © OneRepublic Uco was totally stunned of what he saw in cafeteria. Eka had lunch in one table together with his rivals, Isa and Bowo. He already understood that he could not stop Eka from participating in election, but he had no idea why he gathered with his rivals. As he failed to hold back his curiosity, he walked to Eka's table. That afternoon, he had lunch alone because Alicia promised to have lunch with Dwi earlier. \"Hey, is it empty?\" asked Uco as he arrived next to the said table. Eka, Isa, and Bowo turned their heads. Uco knew there was an empty chair beside Isa and he only asked for courtesy. Isa was a cute girl with soft long curly hair tied into a ponytail, and she was wearing eyeglasses. Meanwhile, Bowo looked more like a friendly neighbor yet he was actually a furious judo club member. \"Oh,\" replied Eka as he got excited, \"Yes!\" Uco took a seat and started to chew his grilled chicken. He kept eating until he realized that those three Student Council President candidates did not say anything since he joined them. He quit munching and looked at both of them, who stared at him jointly, as he thought that they might want to say something to him. \"Just go on with the talks,\" he finally said after a three-seconds waiting, \"Don't mind me.\" \"You're that so-called sectionals badass, right?\" asked Isa eagerly, \"The one in the headline.\" \"I feel so sorry that you have to encounter such thing,\" said Bowo regretfully, \"Disciplinary Committee staff should've been doing something back then, instead of just hanging around the school building and Student Council Office.\" Right after Bowo finished his sentence, Eka glanced and smirked meaningfully at Uco before he continued eating. Uco winced and passed two seconds before he pictured clearly in his mind of what Eka meant with that meaningful glance. The current Student Council did not have monitoring and supervising systems to avert bullying in unexpected places, and that was what Eka wanted to change if he was elected as president. \"Don't play too hard, Seniors,\" said Uco without looking at them, \"Eka is already too busy.\" Eka chuckled to hear it. Uco had acted beyond his expectation, since he knew that interfering anyone else's business never crossed Uco's mind before. Meanwhile, Isa and Bowo were both amazed. \"Actually I should be the one who's afraid with him, Uco,\" said Isa as she glanced at Eka, \"Most people achieve their best in one subject, but he achieves his best in study, club, and Student Council.\" \"Your words should've been directed to Eka,\" teased Bowo, \"He makes me remain in second place since we were all first-graders,\" he said. Both Eka and Isa laughed, but Uco only chuckled. Deep inside he was relieved to know that Eka was that competitive and none of his rivals underestimated him. \"So, when's the debate? The speech?\" asked Isa. \"Like…two weeks before mid-test,\" replied Bowo, \"If I'm not mistaken, the debate and speech would be on the same day, right?\" he asked. Eka nodded. \"Correct,\" he replied, \"And the voting day would be on the next week.\" \"Okay,\" said Isa, \"Gotta go to the lab, I seem to leave my book there. See you and…oh, you are Eka's cousin, right, Uco? You're so cute, worrying about him,\" she teased before she left the table. Eka and Bowo chuckled, while Uco tried not to blush by sipping his mineral water. \"Well, I'm off,\" said Bowo as he stood off his chair, \"See you, Guys!\" he left the table as well, leaving Eka and Uco alone. They did not talk right away. Eka finished eating his meal, while Uco was texting with Rama. \"So, where's Alicia?\" asked Eka, \"You usually have lunch with her.\" \"She's with Dwi,\" replied Uco. Eka chuckled. \"Oh, with Dwi,\" he said. Uco sighed and smirked, \"I understand why you people laugh about Dwi,\" he said, \"And it's not unrequited, no?\" \"I don't really know about it,\" replied Eka, \"Even so, there's nothing they can do for now.\" \"I know,\" said Uco, \"They're still student and teacher, so I don't think Dad will allow them to-,\" \"Yeah, I know what you mean,\" said Eka, \"It's not bad. Uncle Prakoso had been all alone for quite long, even since I came to your house,\" he smiled. Uco shrugged, but he was startled to see Benny had just walked passing them in a quite short distance. He looked at the gap between their table and the others and it was short, so that it would surely bothersome to be crossed. Suddenly anxiety crept into Uco's mind. His heart could not be stopped from beating fast. \"…Co.\" Uco kept punching the sand sack with both his fists, and the sharper he stared at Benny, the harder his fists punched the sand sack. \"Uco!\" \"Huh? What?\" asked Uco as his hand prevented the sand sack from bumping into him. He found Rama stood behind him, apparently had something to talk with him because he looked curious. They were still on intensive training, while the other members were on the physical training. \"Coach Prakoso called you,\" replied Rama, still looked curious, \"Briefing for sectionals.\" \"Oh,\" Uco woke up from his daydream, \"Yeah,\" he followed Rama to the corner of arena, gathered with the other members who would participate in sectionals. Not long after Uco and Rama joined, Prakoso explained some things related with sectionals. Uco only heard the beginning, because when Benny came a little closer to him, he could not keep his eyes off. His heart kept pounding everytime he watched Benny. \"Did I make myself clear?\" asked Prakoso. \"Yes, Coach,\" replied everyone except Uco. His eyes kept wandering around Benny. \"Uco,\" called Prakoso. Uco was startled. \"Yes?\" he asked, \"What?\" Prakoso winced, \"You didn't listen to me, no?\" he asked. Uco shook right away, \"I-I listened,\" he lied. Prakoso winced again, but instead of interrogating Uco, he only dismissed the briefing afterwards because it was already 5PM. Uco exhaled. He watched Benny again when everyone started to walk off the arena. \"Hey, hey,\" Rama waved his palm in front of Uco's eyes, \"Are you watching Benny?\" he asked. Uco was stunned. Rama looked at him curiously with his two clear eyes, and Uco had no idea why it made him speechless. His heart was still pounding, not less hard than when he watched Benny, but he did not feel the anxiety anymore. \"No need to feel jealous about him, you know,\" said Rama after a useless waiting for Uco's answer, \"He can't compare you,\" he walked off the arena. Uco was still speechless. He was still thinking of Benny's attitude, yet on the other side something else crept into his mind. Something else let him know how Rama always cared about him. The next day, Uco and Alicia walked off the laboratory in second floor. They were heading to the lockers to put some books before they went to cafeteria for lunch. When waiting for Alicia arranging books in her locker, Uco looked around the first floor. There had been some posters of Student Council president candidates on the walls, with their vision and missions written there. When Uco walked closer to a wall to read Isa's missions on a poster, someone stood on his way. \"Hey, Headmaster's son.\" Uco was shocked and he looked at that person right away. Benny was standing in front of him, smiling mischievously. Uco saw how Benny did not hide the curiosity in his eyes anymore as he felt a cold wind blew behind his neck. Benny was still staring at him. \"Huh?\" Uco played dumb, \"You talk with the wrong person,\" he tried to speak nonchalantly as he was used to, but he even felt his voice shivering. \"Chill, Man,\" Benny chuckled, still mischievously, \"What's wrong with that? It shouldn't be a secret, no?\" teased him. Uco tried to stay cool, no matter how hard his heart pounded. The reason of his anxiety started to arise. \"Uco, come on,\" Alicia pat Uco's arm, surprising him, \"Oh, you-,\" \"You're Alicia, right?\" Benny smiled, not anymore mischievously, \"Boys in my class mentioned you nearly in each conversation. The badass beauty, they said,\" he said. Alicia smiled. \"Thanks,\" she said, \"Come on,\" she pulled Uco's right arm, dragging him off the school. Uco exhaled a relieved breath. For a moment he was glad for being saved from Benny, as on the other side he finally saw how cold Alicia acted towards a guy that she did not know well. But he shoved his thoughts about Alicia, because it was more important for him to find out how Benny knew he was the real Headmaster's son. He also knew he needed to do something before Benny spread it to the whole school, even though he had no idea why Benny must do that, because he worried that it would affect the election process. The election where Eka, the known Headmaster's son, participated. Uco was sitting on his chair as he knocked his phone on his desk slowly. He and Rama had just finished dinner and they were doing their homeworks. While Rama still looked busy with his books and calculator, Uco had finished his homework since fifteen minutes ago but he had not stood off his chair. He was thinking deep about Benny. \"Hey, you finished?\" asked Rama from his own desk. Uco was startled before he nodded. \"Can you help me?\" asked Rama again, \"I'm so over Math, can't handle this,\" he sighed. Uco stood off his chair and walked towards Rama. He looked at the problems that Rama was working on, which were his class assignment some days ago so that he already knew how to solve them. \"Here,\" he wrote the formula with Rama's pencil on the blank page of Rama's notebook. As he was writing, he felt Rama stared at him, but he continued with mixed feeling. He had been used being stared by people, but when it came to Rama, things never seemed to be the same. \"Hey, Uco,\" said Rama, \"You…really resemble Headmaster, huh?\" he asked. Uco quit writing as he felt his heart stopped beating. Another cold wind started to blow behind his neck again. He gulped before he continued writing. \"What's with that?\" he asked as nonchalantly as he could be, \"We're relatives.\" \"I know,\" replied Rama, \"I just think you really resemble him. Your face, jaw, hair, eyes, and…skin color. Instead of Senior Eka, you resemble Headmaster more. Oh, but, I don't mean anything with that,\" he added, \"But Senior Eka even has darker skin than Headmaster's and yours.\" \"Yeah, and then?\" asked Uco as he finished writing, \"Rather than asking, you better finish it,\" he left Rama and went back to his desk to take his phone before he sat on his bed. He almost texted Eka to ask him to meet, but he held back. He did not want to break Eka's concentration on the election. \"You look gloomy again,\" said Rama after he finished his homework and arranged books on his desk, \"What's going on? Don't tell me it's Benny issue again, I've told y-,\" \"What would you do,\" said Uco, \"If you…had something important to tell Senior Andi, but you don't want to break his concentration?\" he asked. Rama blinked twice. \"What?\" he asked. \"Like maybe he had important championship. Nationals. Whatever. But you need to tell him about this matter,\" explained Uco. He sighed. Lately he had been feeling strange to find himself started to open in front of people. In the past days, he would never want to ask for anyone else's opinion about his problems. He would always try to solve them alone, no matter how hard they were to be solved. \"Um…usually I'll wait,\" replied Rama as he lied down on Uco's bed. \"What if this matter was potential to affect his championship result?\" asked Uco again. \"Then I'll tell him right away,\" replied Rama. Uco winced and glanced at Rama. \"Even though it might break his concentration and make him lose the game?\" he asked. \"Well, that's a difficult option,\" answered Rama, \"But maybe, if I could, I'd solve the problem without my brother needs to know. So, he can go on with his championship and I'd solve anything that might stand on his way there.\" Uco rolled his eyes as his mind tried to process Rama's answer. He looked at his phone and suddenly he got an idea that he would carry out by tomorrow. He exhaled a relieved breath. \"What's going on, anyway?\" asked Rama again, \"Is it between you and Senior Eka?\" \"Pretty much,\" replied Uco as he smirked at Rama, \"You're really a good kid, huh?\" he teased. \"Shouldn't it be addressed to you?\" asked Rama, and Uco winced, \"Senior Ryuuichi told me you suddenly entered his class and asked Senior Eka to leave the election. He said you never looked so serious before, and he said it was because of me. I don't understand the last one, though, but I think you're really a good person. You worried about Senior Eka, right?\" The next day, Uco spent half of his lunch time in computer laboratory. He was browsing the internet there, because he did not bring his laptop to the dorm and his phone was too small for massive research. He browsed Putih Abu-Abu homepage to search for Benny's data. Sometimes he checked if there was anyone entered the laboratory, but nobody came around until he read Benny's educational history. He winced as he read the middle school part because he found that Benny spent his first year of middle school in Tirta Angkasa Academy Junior High School, the same middle school with him and Eka. But he did not remember there was a student like Benny back then, although at least he finally knew why Benny always stared curiously at him and Eka, it must be because he ever saw them back then. Uco closed the browser tab and turned off the iMac before he walked off the laboratory. He closed the door. \"Hey-,\" \"SHIT!\" Uco yelled right when he saw Benny's face before him, \"You shocked me, Idiot!\" he snapped. Like of course he was shocked, right after he researched about Benny, the person appeared. But Benny looked neither surprised nor sorry for shocking Uco. He even smiled mischievously. \"What did you just do?\" he asked, \"How unusual, somebody spends lunch break in lab.\" \"None of your concern,\" replied Uco nonchalantly. \"Or did you just research about me?\" guessed Benny. Uco was shocked, but he kept cool. \"You're an overconfident person,\" he mocked, \"Who do you think you are?\" \"Soon you'll see,\" replied Benny, \"But until that day, you better pay respect to me because I can ruin both your life and the Student Council Secretary's-,\" BAM! Uco grabbed Benny's collar and pushed him to the wall. He stared wrathfully at Benny's eyes as he did not give any damn to some surprised students who passed them. \"You can do whatever you want to me, Asshole,\" he growled, \"But leave Eka alone.\" \"Oh,\" Benny chuckled, \"So, he's your card? The fake Headmaster's so-,\" Uco covered Benny's mouth with his right hand before Benny finished his sentence. Something suddenly crossed his mind, as if he had ever been in such situation, but he could not figure it out. \"Shut the fuck up,\" ordered Uco, \"If you ever speak such a nonsense again-,\" \"Hey, hey, Uco, what is this?\" asked someone as Uco felt his body was pulled off Benny. It was Eka coming. He gulped. He looked at Benny and saw him grinning. \"Don't fight around,\" said Eka as he released Uco, \"Sectionals is close.\" \"…okay.\" Uco walked away, leaving Eka and Benny. He knew it was the best thing he could do, because if he kept standing there, Benny might spill more about Eka who was not the Headmaster's son or he might had no choice but to let Eka know about everything and break his concentration on election. BWAK! Uco was thrown to the floor with Benny's strong kick. Everyone in pencak silat club was shocked to see it, since they knew that Uco should be stronger than that. They had technical training, and each member had a one on one fight. \"You okay?\" asked Benny as he passed his hand to help Uco stand up, but Uco could see his mocking eyes stared at him. He ignored Benny's hand and stood up alone instead before he threw a fist that Benny could shove easily. He kicked, and Benny shoved again. Uco nearly lost breath. Benny was stronger than he thought, and that one on one battle made him more anxious. They ended the fighting with Uco being slammed again. He completely lost. He stood off the floor to walk out the arena, but Benny had grabbed his arm before he reached the exit door. \"You're still that weak rascal,\" said Benny in lowered voice, \"I'm disappointed.\" Uco was startled. He warded off Benny's hand and continued walking off the arena. He was right, Benny ever saw him when they were in middle school. But the more Uco tried to recall when and where he ever saw Benny, the more he only got more anxious. He could not remember anything. He always hated everyone before, so that he never remembered anyone who came into his life, except the closest people with him. He stood before his locker door without opening it. His mind was busy recalling about Benny. \"Hey, you okay?\" Uco was startled before he turned his head. It was Rama there, with his brother Andi. They looked concern. \"Oh,\" replied Uco, \"Yeah, I'm…okay,\" he said. He saw Rama still has not changed his silat uniform into school uniform. When he looked at Andi in his school uniform, he remembered he saw Andi standing around Prakoso during training. Third-graders were no more allowed to be active in club activities, except the heads of the clubs, due to the upcoming final exam. \"Really?\" asked Rama, \"You lost to Benny. What's going on?\" \"Nothing,\" replied Uco as he opened his locker door and took his school uniform, \"As you said, he participated in sectionals back then. He's strong, no wonder,\" he closed the locker door. \"You're right, he's strong and skilled,\" said Andi, \"But you can't lose to him easily. Just so you know, your opponents in the toilet incident were nearly as skilled as Benny, they've been trained since middle school too,\" he explained. Uco did not respond. He did not know about those people's history, but deep inside he was quite surprised to know how easily he defeated them back then. \"There must be something in your mind, right?\" asked Rama. Uco was startled. \"Huh?\" \"Maybe you don't need this, but if you want to share whatever in your mind, you know where to go,\" Rama smiled sincerely as he pat Uco's arm before he walked to the male dressing room. Uco did not move. He somehow felt warmth at the place that Rama touched. \"My brother worries about you, you know,\" said Andi, \"He's really a good kid. So, if there are things that burdened you, you can really count on him,\" he added. Uco smirked. \"Yeah, it's crystal clear,\" he said. The next morning, Uco walked to school alone. He woke up a little late because he could not sleep at night, still busy recalling when he ever saw Benny in middle school. When he entered school building, everyone stared at him as they whispered with each other. He winced. It was very unusual that people suddenly cared about him when his face was not wounded or bruised. He continued walking until he arrived before the big board nearby Student Council Office. A lot of students gathered there, so that he became curious and walked closer to the board to see what was written there. He glared as he was shocked to see what was taped to the board. His heart stopped beating. There was a copy of his bio there, where his full name and his parents' names were highlighted in yellow. And next to his bio, there was a copy of Eka's birth certificate where his biological parents' names were also highlighted in yellow.[Chapter 11] [Author's Note] Oh no, I've been three days late! T-T When I finished the previous chapter with such a cliffhanger, I was thinking of what Uco would do to handle the situation. Because unlike in the original story that I wrote, where the heroine was saved by her friends in such situation, Uco must stand alone since he was the only one who knew about the secret. I'm glad that I can finish this quite properly, though. Anyway have you heard that Arifin Putra won an award for his Uco role? I forgot what the name of the award is and I'm too lazy to find out, yet I'm happy for him. I'm glad that he was the one who played Uco, because maybe if it was anyone else playing Uco, I won't make it this far. The fanfictions and such, I mean. Now please have a time and don't forget to review :3 The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Secrets © OneRepublic There was nothing Uco did but standing in front of the big board next to Student Council Office, glaring at his bio and Eka's birth certificate, which must have been taped there by Benny. As he stood longer there, the other students who gathered to see the big board started to back off as they stared at Uco and whispered with each other. \"Who did this?\" Uco did not turn around to see who spoke, but he kind of recognized that such a swift firm voice must be Bejo's. He only stared hopelessly at the board. \"What the fuck?! Who did THIS?!\" Another male voice was heard but Uco still did not react. He shivered as he felt cold sweat fell behind his neck. \"Hey, Uco, who-,\" Uco ignored Bejo, instead he moved forward and pulled out the papers from the board. He ripped them into pieces before he tilted his head and saw Bejo and Bowo right in front of him. \"Uco, what did y-,\" \"Don't tell Eka about this,\" begged Uco to Bejo and Bowo, \"Don't let him know about this. This is nonsense, all those papers were…were made up,\" he lied in panic. He had no idea what to do as his heart did not stop beating fast, and all he only knew was he may not let Eka know that their twisted identities had been revealed. \"What's going on here?\" Everyone looked at where the voice came. It was Eka. Uco was shocked, while Bejo and Bowo looked at each other before they stared at Eka. The other students remained silent, which they had done since Uco ripped the papers. Right before Eka asked his next question, the bell rang. During class hours, Uco did not listen to anything the teachers said. He only pretended reading the books, but he did not read anything instead. Alicia kept throwing paper balls to ask him what was going on, but none of those messages were replied. He was on the top of his anxiety. Maybe some students still had not seen what was in the board, but some others had seen it. They must have been wondering about the truth. Uco felt his phone in his pants pocket buzzing. He picked it up to receive a text from Ryuuichi. Hey is it true whats on d board? He did not reply. He only closed the message tab and put back his phone into his pocket, but not long afterwards it was buzzing again. Another text came in, and it was still from Ryuuichi. Havent asked Eka. Bowo told me everything. Whats goin on? Uco still did not reply. From Ryuuichi's text, Uco could tell that Ryuuichi had come to school earlier than Eka and saw the papers on the board, and before he confirmed everything to Eka, Bowo must have told him somehow not to mention about it in front of Eka. In the end, to stop Ryuuichi from texting him, Uco typed a reply. Not true. Keep ur mouth shut ok. \"Hey, what's going on?\" asked Alicia when lunch break started. She and Uco were still in the classroom. Some classmates stared and pointed at Uco before they walked off the classroom. Since Uco only leaned on his seat as a respond, Alicia pulled her own chair and put it next to Uco's. She sat down. \"I've seen it,\" she said while trying to look at Uco's eyes, \"Is it true?\" she asked. Uco shook. \"It's a made up,\" he replied without looking at Alicia's eyes before he stood off his chair and walked off the classroom. But when he was some steps outside, someone blocked his way. \"Do you like my surprise?\" It was Benny. He was standing in front of Uco, grinning. \"What do you want?\" asked Uco as he stared at Benny's eyes. Benny chuckled before he replied staring straight at Uco's eyes. \"I want you and the fake Headmaster's son to fall in the deepest shame,\" he declared. \"Oh, so it was your job,\" said Alicia, who seemed to follow Uco, \"What's your problem?\" she asked irritably. Uco was startled to hear Alicia's voice as he glanced at her and saw how Alicia looked irritated, as if she was asking about her own problem. \"Are you two going out?\" asked Benny curiously, \"Wow, how many hearts are going to break? The badass beauty picks the coward rascal out of-,\" BWAK! Alicia threw a kick to Benny's jaw, but Benny was aware enough to ward it with his right arm. Uco was shocked. He suddenly remembered that Alicia was one of the participants in karate sectionals. \"Hey, hey,\" said Uco, \"What are you doing? Sectionals-,\" \"Oh, no, you're really going out,\" mocked Benny, \"Seriously, Alicia? I'm not even sure he's capable enough to put himself inside y-,\" BWAK! Alicia kicked Benny surprisingly right at his chest, so that he did not have time to dodge. He was staggered, nearly fell down to the floor. Meanwhile, Uco was astonished to see what Alicia did. She defended him, and he was too amazed to speak. \"You should've known why I participate in sectionals, Asshole,\" mocked Alicia, \"Not like I care about it more than about my friend, though,\" she snorted. Uco was amazed again. He wondered since when Alicia thought of him as her friend. And not only a friend, but a friend who was worth more than an important championship. \"You little bitch-,\" \"Enough,\" Uco stood in front of Alicia to defend her from Benny, \"Your problem's with me, not her,\" he said. Benny spit before he walked away. Uco sighed. \"I don't know what happened between you and him,\" said Alicia, \"But just so you know, no matter what you're hiding about the board incident, nothing's going to change me,\" she pat Uco's arm as she smiled sincerely. After school, before club hour started, Uco read carefully about each Student Council president candidates' vision and missions, which were written in some posters on the school walls. He read the ones on the first floor walls. Eka's vision was to actualize the safest internal security. Isa's was to develop club's achievements, while Bowo's was to manage student's attitude according to the prevailing school rules. Uco rolled his eyes. Both the candidates had good visions, and to actualize their visions, they also had good programs. As he ever thought, the election would not be easy. He walked off school building and headed to arena building. He took his phone from his pants pocket and typed a text to Ryuuichi. Can we talk after club? Just us. Uco touched the 'send' icon, and his phone had already buzzed within a minute, right when he saw arena building. Ok. See u at arena. Club hour had just finished in 5PM. Uco and Ryuuichi, who had just finished their own exercises, came to each other in the middle of arena. Uco glanced at Bowo, who was talking with another judo club member, before he looked at Ryuuichi. \"So, how's it going?\" asked Ryuuichi. \"Did Senior Bowo really tell you not to confirm anything to Eka?\" asked Uco without replying Ryuuichi's question. Ryuuichi winced. \"Yes,\" he said, \"Why?\" \"Oh,\" Uco was amazed, \"I think…well, he's Eka's rival, so…,\" \"He is,\" Ryuuichi chuckled, \"And he's the one that Eka is most afraid of. Not because he can be cunning as you thought, but because he's an innocently righteous kid instead.\" Uco blinked twice. Again, he found out that the school really contained of students with good attitude although it did not mean that he trusted Bowo right away. \"We better change,\" said Uco, \"I'll see you at the exit door.\" Ryuuichi nodded and they both walked to the lockers to take their school uniforms and went to male dressing room to change. They seemed to be the last students in the arena, because the others had left earlier. Uco finished changing first, so that he could walk off the arena and wait for Ryuuichi at the exit door. He looked around to make sure no more students were left there. Within around one and a half minutes, Ryuuichi appeared. \"What are we going to talk about?\" he asked. Uco sighed and rolled his eyes. Anxiety did not leave his heart and mind since morning, even during intensive training. All his life he was never afraid of anything, but at that time he had no idea why fear consumed him greedily. \"You're Eka's campaign manager,\" he replied, \"After what happened this morning, I hope you'll promote him as president candidate harder. I don't care how you're going to do it, you can spread more posters or leaflets, put it in social medias, whatever. But don't let him lose the votes.\" \"I'll try my best,\" replied Ryuuichi, \"But you need to get real, Uco. Some students had seen what was in the board. We can't stop them from wondering. And it's not impossible than one or more of them already confirmed to Eka. I don't know who else that Bowo had warned about this, but I don't think he remembers all of the students who saw the board,\" he warned. Uco sighed as he started to shiver again. His head even started to spinning around as he closed his eyes to drive away a sudden pain. He took short breath many times. \"You okay?\" Ryuuichi winced, \"If it's not true, what makes you so anxious?\" he asked. \"I don't care about myself, Idiot,\" replied Uco irritably, \"Just do as I said. I'm off,\" he walked away, leaving Ryuuichi alone. His head had stopped from spinning, but it started to ache instead. He was terribly scared. Uco arrived in his room and closed the door before he leaned against the door. He still took short breath. He pulled out his phone from his pants pocket and nearly typed his first word to text Bangun but he quit when he saw Rama walked off the bathroom. They looked at each other. \"You—what's going on?\" asked Rama anxiously as he walked towards Uco, but Uco did not respond with anything but his hopeless stare. Rama sighed. \"I've seen it,\" he said, \"Is it tr-,\" \"Shut up,\" begged Uco as he stood off the door and walked towards Rama. He raised his right arm to bring Rama's shoulder closer with him before he hugged him completely with just an arm. The scent of Rama's hair soothed his short breath. He started to be able to manage the air that he breathed. \"Uco, you okay?\" asked Rama as he caressed Uco's back, \"Your heart beats very fast,\" he said. But Uco did not respond it. He relished each caress that somehow makes his heart started to beat slower. His head was no more aching, and even the cold wind that blew behind his neck started to disappear. He closed his eyes solemnly as if he was being purified. Simply with Rama in his arms, Uco was appeased. After dinner, Uco walked back to his room with Rama. They had been together since Uco arrived at the dorm after club, because Uco thought that staying around Rama was his safest internal security. Right when they arrived at their room, Uco's phone was buzzing. He received a text from his father as a reply to a short text he sent after bath before he went for dinner. My office, tomorrow, 8AM. Uco blinked twice. He snorted as he typed a reply quickly. Srsly? People will only be more suspicious if suddenly I visit ur office! Just answer my question here! He threw his body to his bed irritably. He was pissed off since he was in panic and he only asked his father about Benny's background but his father did not answer him right away instead. \"The sectionals is getting closer,\" said Rama as he sat next to Uco, \"I'm excited. You?\" he asked. \"Pretty much,\" replied Uco. He was still looking at his phone, waiting for a reply from Bangun. \"Hey, about that board incident,\" said Rama as he glanced at Uco, \"That was surprising, but not surprising,\" he chuckled. Uco winced and glanced at Rama. \"What?\" he asked. \"I've told you that you look like Headmaster, even more than Senior Eka. So, when that news came up, I remembered about our conversation right away,\" replied Rama, \"Not that I believe in that news, though, but if it's true, it's not a bad thing, no?\" he asked. Uco sighed. \"Not for me,\" he replied, \"It's about Eka. He's in campaign period for election, can you imagine what's going to happen with the votes after this morning?\" he asked. Rama was startled. \"You're right,\" he replied, \"It's not good for Senior Eka, he can lose the votes from some students who supported him at first.\" \"That's it,\" said Uco. Before he talked more with Rama, his phone was buzzing. He picked it in a rush to receive a text from Bangun. After he read his father's answer, he glared as a memory in his middle school period crept into his mind slowly. He recalled a moment. He replied the text with a short question quickly, and received a reply within only some seconds. He breathed a relieved sigh out. \"What's going on?\" asked Rama, \"Who are you texting with?\" \"Hey, Ram,\" said Uco, ignoring Rama's question. Rama winced. \"What?\" \"You're right,\" Uco smirked and glanced at Rama, \"Headmaster Bangun is my father.\" The next day was the speech and debate day for Student Council president candidates. Some students had been discussing about such issue since morning, about who would give the best speech or who they would vote for. Uco walked along the school together with Rama, hearing a little bit of each conversation. He had been a little relieved since he came out to Rama last night. \"Looks like nobody cares about what happened with Senior Eka,\" said Rama after he heard some conversations, \"No need to worry,\" he pat Uco's arm. \"Not that I'm not wondering, though,\" said Uco before he saw Bowo walked across him to the lockers. He walked faster, leaving Rama behind, and blocked Bowo's way. \"Oh, hi,\" Bowo looked surprised seeing Uco on his way, \"What's up?\" he asked. Uco smirked. \"Quit being a good kid,\" he quipped, \"Thank's for telling people not to confirm anything to Eka. What's your agenda?\" he asked as he stared coldly at Bowo's eyes. Bowo winced and blinked twice. \"Huh?\" he looked confused, \"What do you mean? I just did as you asked,\" he replied. Uco snorted before he stared deeper at Bowo. He would never want to believe that a good righteous kid like Bowo could exist, especially Bowo did judo which means he was too strong to be a good kid. \"Uco, what happened?\" asked Rama, who followed Uco. But Uco ignored him. \"Don't fool me, Senior,\" he kept talking to Bowo instead, \"Eka is your competitor. He's always been. Because of him, you remain in second place until now. And because of him, too, you might end up serving as unimportant thing in Student Council, not the president. Or worse, you won't be anyone.\" \"Hey, Uco, what the-,\" \"I'm talking to him, Ram,\" Uco interrupted, \"You have no reason to protect Eka. I asked you to, yes, but you're the one who decides to grant my request or not. Am I right?\" he asked Bowo again as he still stared coldly at him. Meanwhile, Bowo rolled his eyes before he took a deep breath. \"You're right,\" he replied, \"I have no reason to protect him. I should be taking that moment to tackle Eka, to make him lose votes. But why do you think I want to win through such a way?\" he asked. \"Stop being heroic, Senior,\" replied Uco cynically, \"It's the easiest way.\" \"It is,\" said Bowo, \"But it will only prove how low I am. It will only show me why I always lose to Eka all this time. Let's say I use such issue to beat him, and then I win, it won't be because I'm qualified, not because I deserve it, but because I tackle him. I don't want to be such a president, no way,\" Bowo shook as he finished his sentences and stared straight at Uco's eyes. While Rama looked amazed with Bowo's answer, Uco squinted at Bowo. \"May I can hold on your words,\" he said, \"Don't let me find backwards or you'll regret it.\" \"You won't,\" said Bowo, \"Now can you give me a way?\" he asked. Uco walked away as Rama followed him, leaving Bowo. \"Hey, what was that?\" asked Rama, \"How come you doubt Senior Bowo like that?\" \"I'm just not as innocent as you,\" replied Uco simply. Before Rama asked any more questions, the bell rang. They both went to their own classrooms. Due to the speech and debate event, there was no club hour that day. Every student was required to gather in the big auditorium in first floor, which was located near Headmaster Office. Student Council was the one who organized the event, so that some members looked busy. For many times, Uco caught Keiichi talked with some other students to give commands. He walked to the auditorium together with Rama and Alicia, and before they walked in, he stopped when he saw Bejo. \"You go ahead,\" said Uco to Rama and Alicia, and both his two friends walked in together. Uco came to Bejo, who just finished talking with Jaka. \"Hey,\" said Bejo as Uco arrived in front of him, \"You'll miss good seat if you don't go in-,\" \"Did you make sure nobody confirmed to Eka about that incident?\" asked Uco. Bejo nodded. \"I shared the job with Bowo,\" he replied, \"And, according to my observation, nothing's strange with Eka. He doesn't show different attitude.\" \"Fine, then,\" said Uco, a little relieved, \"I owe you for it.\" \"Is it true, anyway?\" asked Bejo suddenly, \"That you are-,\" \"Eka is Headmaster Bangun's son,\" said Uco before Bejo finished his question as he stared straight at Bejo's eyes. Bejo chuckled. \"You've changed a lot, Uco,\" he pat Uco's shoulder before he left him and walked in the auditorium. Uco looked around and found some Student Council members were still busy running anywhere, which made him realize that they must be Disciplinary Committee members whose job was to secure the auditorium during event. He suddenly remembered he had not seen Eka since the board incident, even to make sure that he was alright. Feeling stupid and guilty, he pulled his phone from his pants pocket and typed a text to Eka before he walked in and took a seat next to Rama. The auditorium was crowded, nearly all Putih Abu-Abu students had been inside. \"You okay?\" asked Rama, \"You look tense, as if you'll give the speech,\" he chuckled. Alicia giggled to hear it, while Uco did not react. \"Chill,\" said Alicia, \"I've seen Senior Eka lately, and he seemed alright during campaign period. I think it might be because Senior Ryuuichi was with him, they're best friends after all,\" she explained. Uco shrugged before he was surprised with his phone buzzing. A text from Eka was coming. I'm ready, hopefully. Thx for ur concern. Uco slightly smiled as he typed 'good luck' quickly. He somehow still felt anxious, yet to know directly from Eka that he was alright calmed him a little bit. The event was opened with Bejo giving his short opening speech. The first candidate who gave the speech was Isa. A big screen behind the platform, which was controlled by a Student Council member in controller room, showed her vision and missions. \"Don't you think she looks prettier?\" asked Rama. Alicia nodded. \"She takes off her glasses,\" she agreed, \"Brilliance in her eyes brings up her beauty.\" Isa was a scientist type, so that her speech sounded a little stiff, although the content was very good because she concerned about club achievement. The next speaker was Bowo, along with his vision and mission on the big screen. As a non-active Head of Disciplinary Committee, it was not surprising that he spoke firmly and clearly about his mission, especially because he mentioned about the expelled students issue, which was still the hottest school issue. \"Senior Bowo is a brave person,\" said Alicia, \"He attacks us right away using that issue, and not in a bad way.\" \"I wonder why you feel attacked, though, since you're the victim,\" teased Rama. Alicia giggled and pinched Rama's arm slowly. Uco chuckled to see his two friends joked around during the speech, and it made him feel not too tense anymore. Not long after Bowo left the platform, Eka came up. He adjusted the microphone right when his scanned copy of birth certificate appeared on the big screen.[Chapter 12] [Author's Note] Happy new year, Folks! I remember I wrote this chapter when Indonesia presidential election campaign was running. Such a coincidence, since I love Eka's speech in this chapter, which enlightened me to vote for the candidate that I really like, not the candidate whose mouth I want to shut from crying. If you're Indonesian, would you like to share with me about who you voted and why? :3 Still related with this chapter, I've published a side story in order to enlighten readers who might be confused of what happened in the past that makes Benny hold a deep grudge on Uco and Eka. Please click and read Little Brother. Anyway, if you already follow this story, would you please follow the other story titled Sugar, Coin, and The Underworld? Because the more follower and review I get, the quicker I'll update the next chapter and continue writing the rest ._. I'm currently in writer's block but hopefully the increase of follower number would motivate me. Now please take your time and drop a review! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Never Gonna Be Alone © Nickelback Uco glared as he saw the big screen. The other students and teachers in the auditorium murmured as they pointed at the screen, created a noise in that big room. Uco glanced at Bangun, whose seat was between the other teachers' and he saw his father looked shocked. He shifted his gaze to Eka, who looked confused at first before he turned his head around to see the big screen. Uco felt his heart stopped beating when he saw Eka looked frozen on the platform, because Eka had not turned his head from the big screen yet. \"Uco, that-,\" But Uco ignored Rama's words and he stood off his seat instead. He ran to the exit door and opened it harshly before he ran off the room and went upstairs to the controller room. The controller room was built attached to the auditorium, right up across the platform, but the stairs that headed there were built outside the room. From the auditorium side, it looked like a glass chamber because of the big glass wall that covered it. \"Uco, wait!\" He did not recognize whose voice it was but he knew it was not Rama's, yet it did not stop him from running. He shivered as he saw some fainted bodies on the floor on his way there, which must be the Disciplinary Committee members that he saw before he walked in the auditorium. He busted the controller room door and saw more fainted bodies on its floor before he caught Benny sitting in front of the computer. There was the same scanned copy of Eka's birth certificate on its screen. \"Oh, there you are,\" Benny welcome Uco with a big grin on his face, \"But I don't seem to invite another person, why don't you come alone?\" he asked. Uco winced. He turned around and saw Andi behind him, which must be the one who tried to stop him previously. \"No, Uco,\" said Andi as he shook, \"Don't tell me you'll-,\" But Uco did not hear what Andi said and stepped closer to Benny instead. He quickly grabbed Benny's collar to pull him off the chair before he threw him harshly to Andi. \"Do whatever you like,\" said Uco to Andi before he sat in front of the computer to close the birth certificate file. He easily found a file of Eka's program in an opened folder and clicked it twice right away to show it on the big screen. He stood off the chair to check the big screen through the glass wall and exhaled a relieved sigh to see the big screen had shown Eka's vision and missions. He saw Eka looked surprised before he unexpectedly stared through the glass wall. Uco was stunned as his eyes and Eka's were locked. He grabbed the nearest microphone and knocked it twice to check the sound. He took a deep breath after the knocks were heard from the speaker. \"Everyone, please calm down,\" he said as he stared at Eka, \"We apologize for the disruption. To candidate Eka, please start your speech.\" As if he was enlightened, Eka smiled firmly at Uco before he adjusted the microphone again. Uco took a deep breath again before he wiped sweat on his forehead. He turned around and saw Benny was completely locked by Andi and Rama, who must have been following them. \"Let him go,\" said Uco, \"It's done.\" \"You can't fight with him, Uco, I won't let you,\" Andi rejected, \"You'll be suspended-,\" \"I won't,\" replied Uco, \"Let him go. Thank you,\" he said. Rama and Andi released Benny unsurely. Benny moved forward and threw his fist to Uco's face, but Uco caught it quickly. He smirked. \" Thank you for the given chance for me to convey this speech. \" Eka's voice was heard clearly from the speaker in controller room. Benny pulled out his fist and threw it again to Uco's chest that Uco could shove easily with his arm. \" I won't waste too much time, I know you've been bored with speech ,\" Eka continued with a slight joke, \" My vision is very simple. It is to actualize the safest internal security in this school, which we lately knew that the system in our school is lacking of it .\" Uco caught another punch that Benny threw to his nose, as well as his other hand shoved Benny's fist that was headed to his tummy. He released Benny and smirked again. As he promised, he did not fight Benny at all because all he did was warding all Benny's attacks. While he was busy warding Benny, Andi and Rama tried to wake the fainted students. \" Bullying is what we least expected to happen in this school ,\" said Eka again, \" Yet it happened, and we can't pretend as if nothing happened. But what can we do? Mourn for it? Regret it? We must have known for sure that those would not help. What we need to do is to overcome bullying. Specifically, we need to stop it by knowing that it happens .\" As if he was enlightened, each Eka's words made Uco stronger in warding each Benny's attack. He could even hold Benny's strong kick only with his arm many times. \" As you can read, the screen already showed my missions, so that I don't need to explain each mission to save the time. My big picture is to tighten the internal guard in this school by establishing cooperation between Student Council, especially Disciplinary Committee, with all martial arts clubs .\" Uco wiped sweat on his neck as he tried to collect his breath. None of Benny's attacks hit him, which was the reason why it made him more exhausted because he needed to work harder to avoid Benny. He shoved another punch again. \" Martial arts club members who are not lucky enough to participate in championship ,\" Eka joked again, \" Just kidding, but no kidding, this is my point. They would cooperate with Student Council to protect this school internally. They would be in picket shift alternately, together with Disciplinary Committee members, outside class and club hours. And for the better result, I'd be more glad if some martial arts club members would gladly join Student Council to fill positions in Disciplinary Committee ,\" he chuckled. Uco was stunned to hear it as he caught both Benny's fists at the same time. He started to see what he really wanted to do with his silat skills that he had learned by far. \" And that's all I can convey about my vision and missions ,\" said Eka, \" The next thing I want to convey is about what appeared on the big screen before my speech .\" \"WHAT?!\" Uco yelled after he held another Benny's kick. He slammed Benny harshly to the floor and walked off the controller room. He ran downstairs and walked in the auditorium again because he knew he could not let Eka bring that issue up on his speech. \"It was true, what was written there.\" But he was late. He could not do anything but to stand still as he heard the students and teachers started to murmur again. \"But I'm standing here, conveying my speech, as a candidate for Student Council president,\" said Eka, \"My mission, to tighten the internal security of this school, came up because I'm a student of Putih Abu-Abu High School who aims for the safe, bullying-free, school. Not because I'm somebody's child. Not because I'm Headmaster's known son.\" Uco was astonished. He was amazed with Eka's composure and bravery. Unlike the panicking him, Eka handled everything beyond his expectation. \"I believe Putih Abu-Abu consists of brilliantly mature students,\" Eka continued, \"As well as I believe that whoever you vote for the next Student Council president, your only reason would be the best vision and missions out of the rest, or the most favorite person that you think deserves serving as president. Along with that belief, I thank you for the given chance. Good evening,\" he bowed down before he stood straight and smiled. Uco blinked slowly to watch how calm Eka spoke before the audience. He was not less surprised when he heard massive applause, the most massive out of all the applause that day, from the students and teachers in the auditorium. He glanced at the teacher seat and saw Bangun clapped and smiled at Eka. After the debate session was finished, all students and teachers walked off the auditorium. Some Student Council members had left earlier to take care of their fainted members, as well as some of them handled Benny. \"That was a nice session,\" said Alicia as she walked next to Uco, \"Senior Eka is really something. The confession that he made was beyond my expectation, he was brave.\" \"Yeah, it was beyond mine, too,\" said Uco, \"You go ahead, I'm going to see Eka,\" he waved at Alicia who waved back at him. Uco walked through the crowd to find Eka, but he could not find him. When he looked around, he found Ryuuichi instead. \"Hey,\" he said, \"Where's Eka?\" \"Still in the auditorium, with Headmaster,\" replied Ryuuichi. Uco was startled for a second, to know that Eka and Bangun had a conversation after the incident. \"Oh, okay,\" he said, \"Thank you,\" he headed back into the auditorium. \"Uco,\" said Ryuuichi, stopped Uco from walking. \"What?\" asked Uco. \"He's amazing, right?\" Ryuuichi chuckled, \"Eka deserves all the votes.\" Uco smiled and nodded before he walked to the auditorium. As Ryuuichi said, he found Eka and Bangun were talking near the platform. He walked closer to them as they saw him. Suddenly Eka looked excited before he left Bangun. \"Uco!\" he said eagerly as he walked faster and bumped at Uco with his arms wrapped around Uco. While Uco was surprised, he saw Bangun smiled at him. As he realized that Eka was hugging him tightly, he started to blush. \"H—hey,\" he said awkwardly, \"What are y-,\" \"Thank you,\" said Eka, \"For…everything.\" Uco was startled to feel Eka shivering when hugging him. He started to raise his arm to reply the hug, and he felt it again once he touched Eka's back. He was speechless. The brave and composure Eka, who just gave an amazing speech and went through a debate against two competitors, was not as calm as he thought. Eka was not as strong as he thought. \"You've…made it,\" he said, \"With all your might,\" he started to caress Eka's back. He knew exactly how embarrassing it was, since he had never been an emotional person all his life. Yet he realized that it was the best thing he could do for Eka, when everybody thought that Eka was calm and strong without knowing about the heavy burden on his shoulders. \"Finally, you're back,\" said Bangun as he came to Uco, \"My son,\" he caressed Uco's hair. Uco and Rama were just having their dinner in dormitory canteen when they heard a noise that got louder and closer. They winced at each other and shrugged. Uco looked around and some people who were having dinner looked outside the canteen door. He was shocked to hear the sound of a hard knock as he saw Rama looked shocked as well. Somebody must be got punched out there. \"I'll check,\" said Rama as he stood off his chair. Uco followed him. They both walked off the canteen quickly and glared to see what happened outside. Benny was kneeling down on Keiichi's chest as he strangled his roommate, ready to punch him. \"What did you say?\" asked Benny, \"I'm a psychotic maniac troublemaker? SAY IT AGAIN!\" he yelled before he threw another punch at Keiichi's left cheek, but Rama held his arm. Benny was shocked and tried to release his arm from Rama's strong grip, but he failed. \"What are you doing to Kei?\" asked Rama, \"How many more people you need to hurt?\" \"SHUT UP!\" snapped Benny, \"Let me go, you asshole-,\" \"No,\" said Rama as he tighten his grip, \"Stand off Kei, now,\" he stared straight at Benny. Uco was amazed to see how his innocent roommate suddenly turned firm only in some seconds. He recognized that look, though, because it was how Rama always looks when he was in a fight, including with him. Yet to see it appear when Rama was not in a one on one fight during technical training made a beat somehow skipped in Uco's heart. \"You're…i-insane,\" Keiichi tried to talk, but Benny only tighten his strangle as he stared wrathfully at Keiichi. Uco was shocked to see Keiichi lost his breath, so that he could not hold himself any longer not grab Benny's collar harshly to pull him off Keiichi. He slammed Benny to the floor. \"Kei, you okay?\" asked Rama as he helped Keiichi to stand up. Keiichi coughed and nodded. Meanwhile, Uco and Benny stared hatefully at each other. As Benny stand off the floor, Uco squinted at him and smirked. \"I know you,\" he chuckled cynically, \"You were the one who was expelled from Tirta Angkasa Academy Junior High School in your first year because of banging a student's head to the wall until he was bleeding badly, and that student's big brother was the one who insisted to expel you before the headmaster and board of teachers.\" \"Heh heh,\" Benny chuckled, \"Looks like being banged to the wall drained your intelligence, huh? Oh, I'm sorry, you've always been an idiot since back then, right?\" he laughed. Uco snorted as he smirked. He remembered everything. The picture about their past was drawn clearly in his mind. The picture of him trying to stop some seniors in archery club in that elite middle school from stealing and crushing Eka's archery property, but he was stopped first by Benny, who must be asked by those seniors to kick anyone's ass who might try to stop them because Benny was a member of pencak silat club. \"You won't survive,\" said Keiichi as he rubbed his bruised left cheek, which was punched by Benny, \"We had four Disciplinary Committee members bleeding and fainted because you hit them brutally, I want to hear what your parents would say about this, Benny,\" he finished talking as Uco glanced at him and burst into a delightful laughter. Uco stared pitifully at Benny. \"Look who's talking,\" he chuckled cynically, \"Someone who just made a second worse mistake.\" Benny was blushed after he was reminded about how many students' asses he had kicked. He moved forward to kick Uco's face, but Uco bent down perfectly before he threw his fist that was unexpectedly held by Rama. Uco was surprised, but Rama stared firmly at him. \"Back off, Uco,\" he said before he kicked Benny's jaw that Benny dodged in confusion with his leg. He punched Benny's face, which was dodged again by Benny, but he did not stop. He kicked Benny's face again, that Benny dodged with his arm, lower down his leg and kicked Benny's stomach. Benny was staggered as he tried to stand still. \"Ram, stop it,\" Uco pulled Rama's arm, \"Sectionals-,\" \"And why do you think it's more important than using my skill to protect a friend?\" asked Rama without looking at Uco. He still stared at Benny and prepared himself by clenching his fists. Uco was surprised again. He knew how excited Rama had always been for the sectionals, but suddenly Rama said that the sectionals was not that important anymore. \"Oh,\" Benny grinned, \"Come and get me, so you'll be suspended, Hero,\" he challenged Rama. \"As you wish,\" Rama walked and kicked Benny again. They were fighting while the other students came over to watch. Nobody was brave enough to stop them because they looked too strong to be stopped, and they were equal against each other. When Benny threw a punch to Rama's face, he squatted and kicked Benny's leg strongly and made Benny fell down. \"Stop it, now,\" Andi suddenly came over and pulled Rama, \"Are you crazy?\" he asked. \"Maybe,\" replied Rama as he saw Bejo came over with Jaka and Eka, \"I don't think you'll remain sane when you have a roommate, a friend, like mine.\" Uco was astonished for he did not know how many times anymore. He was once told by Eka that Rama had changed him, but that night Rama's words explained otherwise. It was as if he was the one who changed Rama. He was the one who changed Rama from a careful self-centered one to a selfless one. \"Seriously, Ram, what's going on with you?\" asked Uco as he closed the bedroom door. Rama sat on Uco's bed and blinked twice instead of answering the question. Uco followed sitting next to Rama. He glanced at him, waited for the answer. \"Hey,\" he said again, \"Are you giving up on the sectionals?\" he asked. Rama chuckled. \"Never,\" he replied. Uco winced, \"Then why did you do that?\" he asked. After the fight, Bejo and some other heads of Student Council handled everything. Eka and Ryuuichi granted Keiichi's request to sleep in their bedroom because he did not want to be in the same room with Benny. Everyone went back to their activities after Student Council members secured Benny from hitting anyone else. \"How can I not?\" asked Rama back, \"You've been too many things, and I must watch you in another fight with Benny? If I didn't do that, you might be the one who'd be suspended from sectionals, Uco, because you've been too many fights before,\" he explained. Uco was astonished. He was right when he concluded Rama's words, about Rama did it for him, and he only confirmed to make sure it was right. He scratched his head and somehow started to blush. \"Maybe I'll be suspended after this,\" said Rama as he lied down on the bed with his pillow arms, \"But I think I don't regret it. Martial arts is learned to defend ourselves and to help people, not to be contested or showed off in championship. No matter how well we master something, there's no use if we don't apply it for good.\" Uco was amazed to hear Rama's explanation. Without he noticed, Rama had grown up to a mature person. He glanced at Rama who already fell asleep using one of his arm as a pillow, sighed and smiled before he lied down next to Rama. He looked right and stared at Rama's face. It was still the innocent Rama with soft curls that support his childlike face. It was still the Rama whose smile he despised in their first days. Uco chuckled and caressed Rama's head twice before he closed his eyes to sleep. \"You can't expel my son this way, Bangun.\" A man who sat in front of Bangun, on his desk in Headmaster Office, tried hard not to snap. Uco and Eka stood behind that man's left side, while Benny was on his right side. \"Get yourself together, Reza,\" said Bangun as he sat relaxed, leaned down against his chair. Unlike the other man, Bangun looked very calm even when he knew he would lose another student again. Meanwhile Eka showed Uco his phone screen. Uco looked at it and found a little note that Eka just typed silently. It was about that man who talked with his father, Reza, a billionaire who was also active in parliament and he turned out to be one of Bangun's corporation's business partners. He was Benny's father. \"Expel him and I'll terminate our contract,\" threaten Reza, \"The last mining transaction we signed, which would pour some US Dollars to your corporation,\" he stared wrathfully at Bangun. Uco was startled to hear it and he nearly speak to defend his father, but Eka grabbed his arm to stop him. He looked at Eka who shook at him. Meanwhile, Bangun sat properly. His two arms were folded on the desk. \"Reza,\" he stared firmly at Reza, \"It was my fault not to remember the name of the student who banged my son's head to the wall when he was in middle school,\" he said. Reza winced. \"What are you talking about?\" he asked. \"Are you still pretending about your son, who was expelled from Tirta Angkasa in his first year because he hurt a schoolmate very badly?\" asked Bangun. Reza blinked twice before he rolled his eyes for some seconds and looked back at Bangun. \"Wait,\" he said, \"Don't tell me that said schoolmate was-,\" \"His name was Uco, who happened to stand beside you,\" Bangun glanced at Uco, \"And the Student Council Vice President who witnessed to expel your son was Eka, his big brother who stands at the same place, too. They are my sons,\" he smirked. Reza was speechless. He looked right and stared at his son. Benny looked panic. \"How could you, Benny-,\" \"I just wanted to get my revenge, Dad!\" said Benny, \"They humiliated me back then, I was expelled from middle school while I was just asked by two seniors to guard them-,\" \"By banging Uco's head to the wall?\" asked Eka as he squinted at Benny, \"And you got your revenge by beating four students until they fainted, as well as you hurt our Student Council temporary Secretary?\" he added. Uco was surprised. He never saw the calm Eka turned furious before. At the same time, Bangun stood off his chair and folded his arms. \"Well, Reza, you heard Eka,\" he smirked, \"I have expelled some of my students whose existence in this school only harmed the other students, so why would I hesitate to expel your son?\" he asked. Reza blushed, apparently was ashamed of what his son had done, both in the past and in that day. He stood off his chair and glanced angrily at Benny before he sighed. \"I hope that you can consider his silat skill, Bangun,\" he begged, \"He won championships in middle school. He can bring this school to get more achievements in martial arts.\" \"Fortunately, we have enough pencak silat members whose capabilities are beyond enough to bring trophies for this school. Better yet, they can apply it to defend their friends from trouble. So, why would we need your son to stay only for that silat skill reason?\" Bangun smiled politely, \"And about the mining contract, just terminate it if you want. My students are more important to be protected than the corporation, because the future is in their hands.\" Uco was amazed to hear his father's words. He came to understand why Bangun chose to be a headmaster instead of the boss of the corporation. But without he noticed, Benny ran towards Eka and strangled him tightly before he banged Eka's head to a glass door of a cabinet near Bangun's desk. The glass broke. Eka fell down on his knee with bleeding head.[Chapter 13] [Author's Note] if I could title this chapter, it might be 'The Beginning of Enlightenment'. When I read this chapter again, I found how CUTE the tsundere Uco blushed many times, I can't help myself from giggling when I edited this story. His relationship with Eka is terribly sweet, even though it started with a long time period of misunderstanding. Last year I watched Big Hero 6 and I admitted it as one of the best movies in 2014 (beside The Raid 2: Berandal, of course). The movie had a flip book video which background music is a song titled Story, performed by Ai. The lyrics were in Japanese, yet afterwards I found that the song is also performed in English and I fall in love with the song, both in its music and lyrics. When I listen, I think that the lyrics match the relationship of Uco and Eka, when both of them was never alone all this time yet were always being there for each other. Well, before I babble any more, I'll wrap it here. Have a nice time reading and please review afterwards! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Never Gonna Be Alone © Nickelback Everyone was shocked, except Benny. Uco looked at Eka, who nearly lost consciousness, before he clenched his fist and ran towards Benny to kick his chest. When Benny staggered, Uco pushed him to the floor and strangled him tightly as he knelt on his chest. \"Hey, hey!\" Reza was panic, \"What are you doing to my son? Let him go!\" \"You bastard,\" Uco ignored Reza and growled instead, \"How dare you-,\" \"Uco, s-stop…,\" said Eka as he stumbled. Uco turned his head around and found Eka was helped by Bangun and Reza to stand up while he tried to endure the pain on his head. But Uco only looked at Benny's eyes again and tighten his strangle. \"How does it feel, huh?\" he asked wrathfully, while Benny's face started to turn pale as he lost his breath, \"The last seconds of your life-,\" \"Uco, let him go,\" said Bangun, \"Bring Eka to clinic,\" he commanded, but Uco did not move an inch. He knew exactly what he did would cause him trouble but he had been too angry to hold back. He could not believe that even in his last seconds as Putih Abu-Abu student, Benny could still hurt someone. And worse, that someone was Eka. \"Uco, you heard me,\" said Bangun, \"I just got you back, don't let me lose you any further,\" he requested firmly. That request suddenly hushed Uco's anger as he was reminded about Bangun's words in the auditorium back then. And Bangun just confirmed that all this time he was never abandoned. His father only waited for him to come back to someone who does not mess things everywhere. He only wanted Uco to be the selfless him, the way he had always been. Uco released Benny without talking, and stood off him before he shifted Eka from Bangun's and Reza's arms to his shoulder. He walked through the empty corridor, bringing Eka to the clinic. Class hour had already started since an hour ago, when he, Eka, and Benny was specially summoned to Headmaster Office. He glanced at Eka, who started to lose consciousness. \"Stay awake, Dumbass,\" he said, \"You'll be alright. Dad will report that monster to police.\" \"Yeah…,\" said Eka in a very weak voice, \"I'm fine…if you are…,\" \"Eka?\" asked Uco as Eka's voice got lower and finally gone, \"Ka, you okay?\" he looked at Eka's face and found both Eka's eyes were closed. Eka had totally lost his consciousness. Uco got panic and tried hard to walk faster while Eka got heavier because of being fainted. \"Shit,\" he cursed, \"I told you to hold still, how dare you, Eka,\" he grumbled to drive away his anxiety. He finally arrived at the clinic and the doctor helped him to bring Eka to the bed. \"Uco, wake up.\" Uco slowly opened his eyes and raised his head as he felt someone shook his left shoulder. He blinked twice as he got up and looked to his left, realized that he fell asleep during Biology class and Alicia just woke him up. He was lucky that the teacher did not catch him falling asleep in class. It had been a week since Benny left the school. He was completely expelled but he was helped enough that Bangun canceled to report him to police for torturing Eka because Reza begged Bangun not to do that. Bangun approved that request with one condition: Reza must promise not to terminate any contracts between him and Bangun's companies in order to protect their employees from massive termination of employment. Reza had no choice but to deal with such condition. Uco pulled a school newspaper he hide under his Biology textbook and silently read the headline. He smiled and exhaled a relief breath. \"You look happy,\" said Alicia in a low voice. Uco looked left and found her smiling. \"Yeah,\" he shrugged and chuckled before he continued reading the headline about the elected Student Council president. '… 70% votes, apparently because of his amazing short speech that he gave after his real identity was unexpectedly, brutally revealed. Now not only being the number one out of all second graders academically, he had also dramatically became the number one favorite student to take a crown as the new Student Council president. \" I didn't expect to win easily,\" confirmed Eka, \"You know I had two amazing competitors and my campaign team worked very hard to help me facing them, but now I can't thank you enough for all the votes. This wouldn't be an easy job, but along with trust from everyone, I'll do my best together with the new Student Council members and all the students. We'll work together to protect each other,\" and that was how he ended the interview.' Uco and Rama mopped the arena floor after another intensive training for sectionals. They were not suspended for the fights, yet they were punished to clean the arena up after club hour for a week. And that day was the last day of the punishment. \"Are you serious, Co?\" asked Rama as he mopped. \"Yeah,\" replied Uco, who was mopping as well. \"I'm confused of what to say,\" Rama chuckled, \"I want both of us to go to championship together, but on the other side I can't stop you to join Student Council.\" \"Didn't you say that there's no use if we master something without applying it?\" teased Uco. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Rama laughed, \"Geez, I feel so attacked right now,\" he said, and Uco laughed. \"I'm still participating as substitute for sectionals,\" said Uco, \"But once the sectionals is finished, I'll ask Coach not to ever select me for championship again. I'm going to join Disciplinary Committee, if Eka approved,\" he continued mopping. They mopped further and further from each other until Uco's eyes caught two students entering the arena. They were Eka and Ryuuichi. Uco quit mopping as he saw Eka waved at him and walked closer. \"Hey,\" he said, \"How's your condition?\" he asked. \"Better,\" replied Eka. His head was still bandaged because he had left clinic before the wound was completely healed. Luckily his wound was not too bad and the bleeding stopped quite fast, and there were not too much glass fraction left on his head. \"So, congratulations,\" Uco raised his hand to shake Eka's, but instead of shaking Uco's hand, Eka pulled Uco to his arms. Not expecting a warm hug, Uco started to blush. \"Hey, hey, what's with the-,\" \"You deserve the biggest thanks,\" said Eka in the most sincere voice that Uco ever heard, \"I don't know how to make it without you. If you never run to the controller room, if you never become brave enough to defend your friends from bullying…I will never be here,\" he released his hug and caressed Uco's hair. \"Wait,\" Uco winced, \"What's the relation with me defending friends?\" he asked. \"Your bravery inspired me to protect this school with my own power,\" replied Eka as he pat Uco's shoulder, \"I can't do martial arts. I can do archery, but can you imagine me walking around the school bringing my arrows and bow? I'm going to scare everyone instead of saving them, no?\" he said. Uco chuckled as he imagined it, while Ryuuichi and Rama laughed. \"Got it,\" said Uco, \"So, congratulations to the new president and vice president,\" he looked at Eka and Ryuuichi alternately, but Eka and Ryuuichi shook. Uco winced again, and so did Rama. \"I'm not going to be vice president,\" said Ryuuichi, \"I choose my judo career instead.\" \"Woah,\" Rama was startled, \"That's bad. I thought you'd be the dynamic duo to rule the school, and things will be easier since you're classmates and roommates,\" he said. Ryuuichi smiled and shook. \"I'm not a kind of person who can do administrative stuff in Student Council,\" he said. \"Then, who?\" asked Uco. Eka and Ryuuichi looked at each other for a second. \"I'll try to talk with Bowo,\" replied Eka. Uco and Rama were both startled. \"Your own rival?\" asked Uco, \"Seriously? I think it's impossible, your visions are different.\" \"Not really,\" replied Eka, \"He wanted to fix the students' attitude, I think it's matched with my vision to secure the school from bullying. Besides, I can't find better person for this position out of all second-graders.\" \"How 'bout Senior Isa?\" asked Rama, \"Is she not capable or what?\" he added. Eka and Ryuuichi chuckled as they looked at each other again. \"I think the new Student Council is prohibited for her,\" replied Eka, \"Science Club members came to my class just to beg me not to assign Isa for any position in Student Council because they need her to be their club president. They also complained about her divided time as the club's member and Student Council treasurer before, right, Ryu?\" asked Eka, and Ryuuichi nodded. Uco breathed in and out. He suddenly felt nervous. He wanted to tell Eka that he would register himself as Student Council member, but he was somehow shy. He looked at those three who were still in a fun conversation before he took a deep breath. \"Hey, Ka,\" he said, \"I'll register as Student Council member.\" Eka and Ryuuichi were both stunned, while Rama shrugged and chuckled. \"But you're selected for championship,\" said Ryuuichi, \"Are you going to waste it?\" he asked. \"The new Student Council members would be officially inaugurated after pencak silat sectionals, Ryu,\" Eka answered Ryuuichi before Uco did, \"I see, Uco. I see,\" he pat Uco's shoulder again. \"Make sure to assign me in Disciplinary Committee,\" said Uco. Eka nodded. \"I know,\" he smiled widely, \"And I even know what to do with this.\" At night, there was a small celebration to congratulate Eka in Keiichi's bedroom, because Keiichi was alone again after Benny left. The new thing was Bejo succeed persuading Jaka to smuggle two girls to male dormitory, Alicia and Dwi. \"So, tell me how it is,\" said Dwi curiously, \"Who's Benny actually? How did he manage everything, I mean, like, how did he get Senior Eka's birth certificate and such, and-,\" \"Whoa, whoa, wait, Dwi,\" said Keiichi, \"Chill, this is not a school newspaper interview,\" he teased. Everyone laughed while Dwi giggled to realize that she had acted like a reporter. \"Hey, you okay?\" asked Uco to Keiichi. He glanced at a bruise on Keiichi's mouth corner, and Keiichi nodded. Uco stared at that Japanese first-grader, amazed of how a strong and brave person he was. Without martial arts skill, Keiichi bravely warned Benny that he did the wrong thing, and he did not even pulled his words when he was beaten by Benny. He looked at each person in that room one by one. He might not know every student in the school yet, but he knew that he was being in the same room with the most brave, selfless people, who would stand for the right thing to help the weaker ones in trouble. And just like his father said, the future was in their hands so that they need to be protected and developed even more than the adults. Unconsciously, a new feeling started to grow deep inside him. \"He's a billionaire's son,\" said Eka, apparently about Benny, \"He could contact everyone in his house, probably his father's assistants, to get some data from Tirta Angkasa Academy. That school is an elite, sophisticated one, but it's always easy to bribe the teachers and staff there.\" \"But how did he find out that your identities are twisted?\" asked Rama. Uco rolled his eyes. \"Well, he always stared at us with curious eyes,\" he replied, \"And I remember there was a day I talked with Eka in canteen, when I mentioned Headmaster as 'Dad' and Eka didn't correct me, I caught him passing our table through an unusual narrow gap.\" Everyone did not talk for some second after Uco finished talking. They looked at each other, and sometimes they glanced at Uco and Eka alternately. \"So, who is who, now?\" asked Andi awkwardly. Uco and Eka looked at each other for a second. \"I'm Eka, an orphan,\" replied Eka, \"My mother died after giving birth to me, my father died when I was in first grade of middle school. I was adopted not long after that, transferred to the same school with Uco. My late father was Headmaster Bangun's good friend and employee, which was why Headmaster Bangun cared enough to adopt me.\" \"Yeah, and I'm Uco, son of Headmaster Bangun,\" said Uco, \"My mother died the same way with Eka's, because of giving birth to me.\" \"But, why didn't Headmaster allow you to address yourself as his son?\" asked Alicia. \"I was just a rascal when I came here,\" Uco smirked, \"There was nothing about me that he can be proud of. He's the headmaster, however, right?\" he asked everyone. But nobody responded his question, not even to nod or shake. They only rolled their eyes and sometimes looked at each other, including Eka. Uco felt confused to see their reaction. \"I'm sorry, Uco,\" said Ryuuichi, \"But it's very strange to see Headmaster Bangun looking for something that he can be proud of. Since my first year here, I never saw him as that kind of man.\" \"And my cousin can read people,\" added Keiichi. Uco winced. He did not understand Ryuuichi's reference, even though he knew Ryuuichi was a man-reader person since their conversation in archery field when they and Rama watched Eka practicing. \"I got it, Ryu,\" said Bejo, \"Headmaster is a, how to say, very rational person. He managed relationships with teachers, students, even relationships between teachers and students, teachers and PTA, students and PTA very well. He's like a mediator for everyone in this school by being logical.\" \"That's what I mean,\" said Ryuuichi, \"And he never hesitated to expel troubled students or to reward bright students. Right, Ka?\" he nudged Eka's arm to tease him and Eka chuckled timidly. Uco was still confused. He never even heard about the reward for bright students. \"What reward?\" he asked. \"In short, you can say that students like Bejo and Andi would get recommendation from Headmaster to continue their studies,\" replied Jaka. Both Bejo and Andi were startled and they laughed as they alternately pushed Jaka's shoulder, while Jaka chuckled. \"Shut up,\" said Andi, \"You'll get it, too, second-place Smartass,\" he pushed Jaka's temple. Uco started to understand. What Jaka wanted to say was that students with high academic ranks and the ones who reach high achievements in clubs would get recommendation for university, so that they would not need to bother having entrance tests in some universities to be accepted because the school would send them right away to the chosen university. \"I see, that's a worthy reward,\" he said , \"But then again, what's the relation with Headmaster didn't admit me as his son?\" he asked. Again, nobody answered. \"I think we better ask him personally,\" replied Eka, \"I'll escort you.\" \"He's not in the office,\" said Eka after knocking the Headmaster Office for so many times without any responses from the inside. Uco scratched his head and sighed impatiently. \"Do we really need to do this?\" he blushed, \"I'm off,\" he walked away. It was after school before club hour started. When the bell rang and Uco left the class, Eka came around and pulled his arm to see Bangun in Headmaster Office to ask about the acknowledgment issue. Uco rejected at first, but he could not resist Eka because he pulled him firmly. \"Uco, wait—oh,\" Eka quit talking as he saw Uco stopped walking because Prakoso appeared right before them. \"Uco, Eka,\" Prakoso smiled politely at them. Eka smiled back, but Uco winced instead. \"What are you doing here?\" Uco looked at his watch, \"It's club time.\" \"Headmaster asked me to find something in his bookshelf,\" replied Prakoso. \"Oh, so you know where he is?\" asked Eka right away, \"We're looking for him.\" \"Tck, no,\" Uco started to blush again, \"It's just Eka looking for him,\" he denied. Actually he could not sleep easily at the previous night, thinking of why his father told him not to address himself as his son before, but he still held his pride not to directly confirm it to Bangun. Meanwhile, Prakoso chuckled. \"He's at tennis court, watching the training,\" he replied, \"Eka, I haven't congratulate you for the election result, no? So, congratulations, new Student Council President,\" he raised his hand and Eka shook it as he smiled. \"Thank you, Uncl—I mean Coach,\" he said before he pulled Uco's arm again, \"C'mon, before club hour starts,\" he said as they both walked off the school to tennis court. Uco grumbled since he could not resist Eka again. He forgot the last time he saw Eka looked that enthusiastic, as it was also the reason why he somehow did not have enough heart to resist his stepbrother. Bangun looked surprised to see Uco and Eka visited him at tennis court. He, who was sitting at the audience seat, looked at both his sons from head to toe when they arrived. \"How unusual,\" he said eventually, \"Is there any problem at school?\" he asked. \"May we sit here?\" asked Eka politely, and Bangun nodded. He took a seat next to Bangun before pulling Uco's arm to sit beside him. Again, Uco sighed impatiently. He really had no idea about what to do when they finally met Bangun, so that he only sat without talking. They both watched tennis club training for some seconds. \"Are you coming here to watch tennis training?\" asked Bangun, breaking the ice. Both Uco and Eka were startled, but Eka shook right away while Uco did not respond instead. \"Um, Father, I—we'd like to ask you a question,\" replied Eka as polite as possible, \"Last night Uco was asked by some friends about why he can't say that he was your son, and he said it was because he was a rascal at first. But our friends seemed to disagree about it, so…,\" he was running out of words. Uco felt more embarrassed, yet he could not stand being in that place any longer as well. \"So, it's right, no?\" he asked, \"It was because I was a rascal at first, I could just tarnish your reputation as a headmaster. It's okay, Dad, I already got it since long ago,\" he glanced at his father before he looked at the tennis court again to stop himself from blushing. Bangun did not answer right away. He sighed and chuckled instead before he looked at tennis court again. Uco and Eka waited for a minute before their father turned his head at them. \"Do I have to answer that question?\" he smirked. Uco sighed, while Eka did not respond except glancing at Bangun to see how he looked so much like Uco when he smirked. \"Well, if you don't want to, I'm fine,\" said Uco as he stood off the seat, \"I'm off, club hour-,\" \"It was all to teach you how to be independent,\" said Bangun as he looked at Uco, \"If you were introduced as my son since the first time, do you think everything will turn this way? I wanted everyone to see you as who you are, because you deserve it. Not as my son. Not as the top student's younger brother, but as Uco and only Uco,\" he smiled. Uco was amazed to finally see his father smiled at him again as a father. The last time he saw it was before he became a rascal. \"But still,\" he kept being stubborn, \"It's not strange if the reason was to keep your reputation.\" \"I'm the headmaster here, what else can I need?\" Bangun chuckled as he watched tennis training again, \"Now that everything's revealed, is my reputation harmed? Did I lose respect from everyone?\" he asked nonchalantly. Uco did not answer, while Eka shook. \"You were even defended by our friends, Father,\" said Eka, \"They said you were a logical mediator who wouldn't seek for something you can be proud of.\" Bangun shrugged and smirked. Uco was speechless. Not because he lost words to answer his father, but because his soul was filled with warmth. He had finally been enlightened.[Chapter 14] [Author's Note] Oopsy, five days late (._.) So, at 5th of this month I felt too lazy taking care of this, I forgot why but in the end I only uploaded the file without neither editing nor publishing it. Hope this won't happen again. The real enlightenment appears exactly in this chapter. Since before this story was written, I've always planned to reveal that all this time Bangun treated Uco the way he did because of that kind of reason. Not to mention that writer's block happened to me when it comes to put it on a blank page. Anyway, have you followed and reviewed my Sugar, Coin, and The Underworld? If you haven't, please do. Frankly, I planned to update the new chapter on the first day of what month, but everytime the first day came, I always forgot (._.) so I waited for the next month again and then I forgot again. Hope I won't forget again on the next month. Please review and follow it, in that story I write again about Uco and Bangun's relationship which sort of resembles the one in the movie and in this story. I don't know why but I kind of love their father-and-son relationship in the movie, so when it comes to bring them to fanfiction, I make it not too much different. Well then, have a good reading time! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Find My Way Back © Michelle Branch \"Well, I'm leaving you two, then.\" Eka smiled as he stood off his chair and pushed Uco to sit next to Bangun, \"I'm going to miss my days in archery club, so I got to have fun in my last days,\" he waved and walked away. He was excited about his club hour because he would not be allowed to be active in club anymore after he is officially inaugurated as Student Council president. Uco sat awkwardly next to Bangun. He felt like he still had a lot of questions, but he did not know how to ask because he was too shy. \"How's your preparation for sectionals?\" asked Bangun, breaking the ice. Uco was startled, \"Oh,\" he replied, \"Not much. I'm just substitute,\" he tried to speak casually. \"Don't underestimate substitute,\" said Bangun, \"You don't know what will happen to the participants.\" Uco was startled before he finally burst into laughter. He first tried to hold back, but he only ended up laughing hard while Bangun glanced confused at him. Uco wiped a little tear from his corner eyes because he laughed too hard. \"The last time I heard you laugh like that was so long ago,\" said Bangun, \"Maybe before Eka came to our house?\" he chuckled. But Uco still laughed until he could control his laughter to chuckles. \"Seriously, Dad,\" he chuckled, \"Is Eka really your adopted son? I mean, who knows that maybe he's your son from your affair with I don't know who?\" he teased. Bangun winced and frowned. \"You little rascal,\" he mocked, \"What are you talking about?\" \"Eka told me the same thing about substitute,\" replied Uco, still chuckling, \"He said we don't know what will happen to the participants, exactly what you said. You know, I think it's hard for people here to believe that he's not your son, because he fills every requirement as a headmaster's son. He got the brain, the talent, the character, and…the look, I think,\" Uco rolled his eyes. Eka's skin color might be darker than him, but Uco knew since they first met that Eka was not less handsome than him. Meanwhile, Bangun chuckled. \"Maybe it's because he always follows me in these last years,\" he said, \"It makes his state of mind turns to be like mine, nothing's strange with it. He's my son, Uco. And in a family, it's not only blood that matters, right?\" he smirked and glanced at his son. Uco glanced back at his father before he nodded. He remembered all that Eka told him in the arena. But suddenly he also remembered what Eka said about the reason he was adopted by Bangun. \"Did you adopt him because he's your best friend's son?\" he asked. He suddenly felt curious as well, and thought that Eka needed a confirmation from his stepfather as well. \"Yes and no,\" replied Bangun, and Uco winced, \"Yes, because I know him and his father very well, and his late father always told me that he was proud to have a bright and talented son. No, because I can't let such an amazing kid being left alone, and since I know how amazing he is, I felt like I have a responsibility to protect and raise him properly.\" \"Isn't that feeling more like you're being a headmaster?\" asked Uco, \"You protect all the students here but you don't adopt them as your children, right?\" \"It's sort of that, but I have a little more about Eka,\" replied Bangun, \"I wanted to give him a home, and,\" he looked at Uco, \"His father told me that Eka always wanted a brother.\" Uco was amazed. He first thought that his father never knew about that one Eka's wish in the past, that he only adopted Eka without knowing that he wanted a brother. \"So, you know-,\" \"Of course I know,\" said Bangun, \"What I didn't expect was you two didn't get along at first.\" \"Of course we didn't,\" Uco snorted, \"You always showed him off in front of the family, told them how amazing he was, and praised him when he got achievements, which you never did to me.\" \"It was because I believe that you'll always be my son even when I didn't do it all,\" replied Bangun calmly, \"But as an adopted child, Eka needs it all as reward for his hard work. He needs to be admitted and praised, and look at him now: top student, archery champion, and now Student Council president. Adopting him was one of the best decisions I ever made in my life.\" \"You mean I didn't deserve all your compliments and attention?\" asked Uco. Bangun sighed. \"You don't need it all to do your best,\" he replied as it makes Uco glanced angrily at him, \"Listen to me first. Don't you realize that you have a natural talent of being bright and skillful? Your capability of learning fast, that is. What you need is only being surrounded with the right people to stop you from messing up. And I was right, my students are those said right people,\" he finished with a caress on Uco's head. Uco was speechless, again. As warmth slowly crept into his heart, he averted his gaze from his father and took a deep breath in order to prevent some tears from rolling off his eyes. Finally, all his questions were replied with answers beyond his expectation. Finally he figured out that he was never abandoned by his father. He was always loved instead. \"Headmaster?\" Both Uco and Bangun turned their heads and found Prakoso standing near them. He brought some small binders, apparently the documents that Bangun asked him to find in his bookshelf. \"Oh, yes, Koso,\" said Bangun, \"Is it…?\" he pointed at the binders, and Prakoso nodded. Uco exhaled a relieved sigh, before he wiped the corner of his teary eyes, and stood off the chair. \"Well, thanks for the confirmation, Dad—I mean Headmaster,\" he smiled at Bangun, \"It's club hour, Coach, come on,\" he said to Prakoso, but Prakoso shook. \"My assistant handles it, I'll come later. You go ahead,\" he said. Uco stared at Prakoso and smiled mischievously, which made both Prakoso and Bangun winced. \"Okay,\" he said, \"Anyway, good luck with Dwi, Coach,\" he walked away as he chuckled. And not long afterwards, he heard his father's voice. \"You're going out with my student, Koso?\" Uco burst into laughter again. Mid-semester had passed. In accordance with the schedule, pencak silat sectionals was held afterwards. Following the custom, sectionals was held in one of the participant schools, and that year it was held in Putih Abu-Abu, so that as the host, Putih Abu-Abu prepared nearby inns for sectionals participants and substitutes from the other schools. Uco and Rama were talking in male dressing room when someone that they knew appeared right before them and shocked them. \"You-,\" \"What are you doing here, Benny?\" asked Rama, cutting Uco's words. It was Benny there, wearing the black pencak silat uniform. He grinned at Uco and Rama while they were still shocked to see him there. There had not been even a month passed since Benny was expelled from Putih Abu-Abu, and he already came back with pencak silat uniform on. \"Is that how you welcome your opponent?\" Benny mocked, \"Looks like this headmaster's son doesn't know about manner,\" he snorted and chuckled. Uco squinted. \"Look who's talking,\" he snorted as well, \"Monster.\" Benny threw his fist to Uco, but it was caught by Rama. He pulled it. \"You're sectionals participant?\" asked Rama casually. Benny smirked. \"I'm the substitute,\" he said, \"But, who knows?\" he chuckled and walked off the dressing room. Uco and Rama looked at each other before they sighed. \"If it's him, he could just kill the participant to perform,\" said Uco. Rama nodded. \"I think we better find out why he's here,\" he said. When Uco and Rama went back to arena, they tried to find the crowd where Benny was in, to find out about his new school that sent him to sectionals. It did not take long, because Benny was easily found in St. Slaters High School crowd. St. Slaters High School was a semi-international school located in the middle of Bogor city, which was famous with its art clubs' achievement. Its sport clubs were nearly as good as Putih Abu-Abu's, but still could not collect trophies as much as its art clubs. \"So, he's in St. Slaters,\" Uco snorted, \"No wonder. That school must be very desperate to select a fresh new student to participate in sectionals.\" \"Or, as you said, he did something to the selected participant or substitute to get that position,\" said Rama. Uco nodded. \"That's damn possible,\" he said, \"Whatever, we got to get ready now,\" he pulled Rama's shoulder to join their school's crowd. Uco was sitting on the edge of the arena with the other participants and substitute, while they were all watching Rama fighting against a student from another high school. His eyes watched closely at each Rama's move, when he smoothly dodged from the opponent's punch, when he returned each kick, even when he bent in order to avoid his opponent and attack him back. Unlike the cheerful and innocent person that he was used to be, Rama turned to be a hungry lion once he faced his opponent. \"How serious of you,\" teased Prakoso suddenly, \"Never seen you watched anyone that way before,\" he chuckled. Uco was surprised of being caught as he blushed. \"I-it's…,\" he said, \"It's just because we're roomies-,\" \"I think it's because you two are best friends,\" said Prakoso as he sat next to Uco. \"Whatever,\" said Uco, \"Rather than that, you better find out how that monster Benny can participate in sectionals only within some days in his new school.\" \"It's St. Slaters' policy,\" replied Prakoso, \"So far all I know is his father gave a lot of money to that school, so that Benny could be recruited to participate in sectionals right away,\" he said. Uco glanced at Prakoso and winced. \"Is that all?\" he asked, \"Participants and substitutes for sectionals should have been selected since before the past holiday. Does St. Slaters have different policy about it?\" \"I don't think so,\" answered Prakoso, \"Why?\" he asked back. \"Looks like we have a guest,\" said Uco as he ignored Prakoso's question. His eyes caught the Student Council president-elect walked to their place and smiled when he saw Uco. \"Hey,\" said Eka, \"Oh, hi, Coach,\" he looked at Prakoso, who smiled at him. Uco only smirked before he saw Eka started to talk with the other participants. He looked at the middle of the arena again, watching Rama fighting. \"Uco,\" said Prakoso, \"What are you thinking about?\" he asked. Uco glanced. \"There must be any possibilities that Benny did something to the selected substitutes in St. Slaters, so that he was chosen,\" he replied as he saw Eka coming at them and sat beside him. \"Have you met Benny?\" asked Eka, \"He's the substitute in St. Slaters.\" \"Yeah,\" replied Uco, \"He greeted me politely in the dressing room. Have you found out how he became substitute this soon?\" he asked. Eka sighed before he nodded with closed eyes. Both Uco and Prakoso glanced at him as they waited curiously. \"The selected substitute was beaten by unknown people, not long before sectionals started,\" replied Eka apprehensively, \"Only random rascals, I heard, but it sounds impossible, right?\" Uco and Prakoso were both shocked, especially Uco. His prediction that he talked about with Rama was turned to be true. Eka pat Uco's shoulder before he stood off his chair and walked out. Meanwhile, Rama won the battle. At night, Uco had dinner in dormitory canteen with Rama, Eka, and Bowo. Apparently Eka had succeeded negotiating with Bowo to ask him to be Student Council vice president, so that they were often seen together lately. \"So, it's official?\" asked Rama eagerly as he chopped his meat, \"You two are the new president and vice president?\" \"So far, yes,\" replied Bowo timidly, \"Unless the president changes his mind later.\" \"Like I will!\" Eka laughed as he pushed Bowo's temple and made him chuckle, \"I don't have much time to find another. The inauguration is getting closer, now that we already have quite a lot of names in the new member list,\" he said. \"Looks like a lot of students are interested to join the new Student Council,\" said Bowo, \"I hope Senior Bejo won't bully you for beating his charisma as president,\" he teased. Uco chuckled, while Rama laughed and Eka punched Bowo's arm as he laughed. \"Anyway, are the new president and vice president not going to congratulate Rama? He won today,\" said Uco. Both Eka and Bowo were startled. Eka was in the arena when Rama beat his opponent down, but he already left when the result was announced. \"I'm sorry, Ram,\" said Eka, \"Congratulations, really,\" he raised his glass of mineral water. Bowo did the same. \"For the pencak silat rising star, cheers,\" he said as he toasted with Eka. Uco chuckled, while Rama burst into laughter. Apparently Eka and Bowo would make a solid team in Student Council, not only because they backed each other's jokes, but also because both were the top students. \"It's going to be a fresh Student Council with both of you leading,\" Rama still chuckled, \"But thank you, I still have a long way to go,\" he said humbly. Uco smirked to hear it. He felt funny to realize that it was still the humble, innocent Rama who sat next to him. \"Oh, I forgot to tell you,\" he said suddenly, \"We already found out about Benny's participation in sectionals. It looks like his father bribed the school to make him participate, but we know St. Slaters is a school with quite high integrity, so, yes, it's not how it happened,\" he explained as he glanced at Eka. \"Higher than Tirta Angkasa, at least,\" Eka snorted, \"What happened was Benny paid some rascals to beat the selected substitute, so that the coach had no choice but to select him as the new substitute. As we all know, Benny is skillful in silat,\" he said. Uco nodded. The information that Eka got was trusted enough, since he got it from some St. Slaters participants when he escorted them as representative of Student Council. \"He's really unstoppable,\" said Rama apprehensively, \"But deep inside, I admit that he's a great opponent. Not that I wish for this condition, but if he happened to be participant, I want to fight him,\" he suddenly turned excited. Uco and Eka were dumbfounded, while Bowo was still waiting for the next punch line from one of his three dinner mates. \"How could you…,\" said Uco, \"Ram, how could you-,\" \"Wait, did I say something wrong?\" asked Rama innocently. \"Dude, you're brilliant,\" replied Eka eagerly, while Uco nodded, \"How could you, Ram? And you, Uco, how could such thing not even cross your mind?\" he mocked. Uco smirked. \"Well, I'm sorry for not having a martial-artist mind,\" he snorted. Eka laughed, while Rama and Bowo looked at each other and shrugged for not understanding. While Uco and Eka still mocked and laughed on each other, Rama checked his phone to receive a text message and smiled as he read it. \"Hey, Alicia won,\" he said as he typed a reply, \"And it looks like her brother receives an invitation to test his baseball skill here, next week.\" Uco, Eka, and Bowo were both startled. Alicia was indeed not at school, because she and the other karate club members were staying in another high school to compete in karate sectionals. Meanwhile, Eka and Bowo stared at Uco curiously. \"Don't look at me like that,\" said Uco nonchalantly, \"Dad didn't tell me anything about the invitations. Even so, he should be telling his Student-Council-President son first, no?\" he joked. Eka and Bowo looked at each other before they nodded. \"Oh, back to the topic,\" said Eka, \"Ram, you must beat Benny if he happened to be participant. I kind of have a feeling that he will, see how sneaky he is,\" he sighed. Rama winced and blinked. \"You must,\" said Uco, \"If you won, I think we need to talk with him afterwards, right, Ka?\" he smirked and glanced at Eka, who smirked and nodded right away. Rama shrugged before he nodded, apparently he just wanted to fight Benny, no matter what Uco and Eka were planning about. \"You know what,\" said Bowo as he looked at Uco and Eka alternately, \"When you both smirk like that, you look alike. So, family is indeed not about the blood, huh?\" The sectionals went on. Putih Abu-Abu's pencak silat team was finally scheduled to face St. Slaters' team to determine the winner of the sectionals who would go to regionals. Unlike in the previous years, St. Slaters, whose art clubs collected more achievements than its sport clubs, seemed to improve its pencak silat club members' skill so that it could reach top two in sectionals. And as expected by Uco and Eka, Benny's status was raised from substitute to participant because one of the participants was hospitalized after dinner, apparently he accidentally ate something poisonous so that his digestion went into trouble. But Uco did not take such news easily. \"Somebody should really report him to police,\" he said after Prakoso dismissed briefing in the arena, while Rama and the others went to their lockers. Prakoso sighed. They both walked to the edge of the arena. \"What's wrong with that Benny kid, actually?\" he asked. Uco shrugged. \"Monster by default?\" he wondered. Prakoso shook. \"I know his father, Mr. Reza, quite well,\" he replied, \"Do you think your father would maintain his cooperation with a dangerous person?\" \"Yeah, he won't,\" said Uco, \"He easily expelled troublesome students, it shouldn't be troublesome for him to end any of his business,\" he folded his arms and sighed. Prakoso smiled. \"Looks like you already get along with your father again,\" he said gladly, \"I think Mr. Reza just spoils Benny too much. He gave everything Benny asks without paying close attention to his son. He's a busy person, after all.\" Uco did not respond. He rolled his eyes as his brain tried to process Prakoso's answer. If what Prakoso explained was right, it would ease the plan that he made with Eka. \"We can't prove it, though,\" said Prakoso, \"About him poisoning the participant.\" \"Not really,\" Uco smirked, \"Benny is a rich kid, as we all know. But don't forget that I'm also the rich kid. Moreover, we have another rich kid whose name is Eka,\" he grinned as he stared at St. Slaters' team on another edge of the arena. He saw their coach briefing Benny and the others. \"What's your plan?\" asked Prakoso curiously, \"Don't mess things, Uco, and don't involve Eka. He had just been elected,\" he warned. Uco chuckled. \"Chill, Uncle,\" he teased, \"We're not that dumb. We know what to do. Now we only need Rama to defeat Benny. Make sure he wins, you're the coach,\" he commanded. Prakoso furrowed his eyebrow. \"What?\" he asked, \"How? And since when you take over Mr. Bangun's commands?\" \"Ugh, you're so boring,\" whined Uco, \"I only ask you as a coach, Coach. You have two days to train Rama based on Benny's strong and weak points, so that he won't miss a thing. Don't tell me you have no idea about th-,\" \"Of course I know Benny's strong and weak points, but-,\" \"Then, just do as I said,\" Uco stared straight at Prakoso's eyes, \"Please.\" It took five seconds before Prakoso finally nodded. Uco made a relieved smirk and left the arena afterwards.[Chapter 15] [Author's Note] Late. Again. But since this is the second last chapter, I probably don't want to upload it too soon. The last chapter might also be uploaded a month from now, not two weeks like always. I've always wanted to write about the silat match, the official one. And I'm happy to write how Rama and Benny face each other in the final match. This Benny character, I know he did not appear much in the movie, but I write quite a lot about him in this story. Thank me later, Benny. Nope, just kidding :)) In this chapter, Uco and Eka visited St. Slaters High School and met two strangers there. I'd love to inform that the two strangers they met (the nerd and the Student Council president) are original characters that I created. I drafted a novel which contained them as the characters, and it feels a little awkward to present them in this story :D This is the second last chapter, so I'd love to see more reviews. Please feel free to write some! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films 21 Guns © Green Day Arena building was filled with crowd. Not only students who gathered in the audience seat to watch the final match between Putih Abu-Abu and St. Slaters, but also teachers. So far, one participant from Putih Abu-Abu had won over her opponent from St. Slaters. The second participant seemed to face a strong opponent, so that Putih Abu-Abu had no choice but to expect high from Rama to defeat his opponent, Benny. \"You have no choice, Ram,\" teased Uco as they sat on the edge of the arena together with Prakoso, the other participant, and substitute. \"Don't stress him like that, Co,\" teased Prakoso. Uco chuckled. \"I know, I must defeat him,\" said Rama, \"And I just can't wait. The last time I fought with him was outside the dormitory canteen, and after that I feel like seeing him in the arena,\" he said eagerly. Uco glanced at Rama, while Prakoso laughed. \"You know him so well, Co,\" he said, \"Nothing can stress him out.\" Uco knew exactly that Rama was not a kind of person who would be stressed because of a championship. He realized how Rama enjoys doing pencak silat, it was nearly like his passion. But the way Rama talked about seeing Benny in the arena after their last fight kind of disturbed him. He only wanted Rama to defeat Benny in the final match, not to be obsessed of Benny. \"Hey, Uco,\" somebody pat his shoulder and surprised him. \"Eh? What?\" he turned his head and saw Andi there, apparently coming around to cheer Rama. \"You look…strange,\" replied Andi as he looked at Uco's face, \"You look even more stressed than the participant,\" he said. Uco winced. He wondered if he looked stress because of Rama's obsession towards Benny, but he shoved that thought right away. \"It's nothing,\" he shook. Andi stared curiously at Uco before he shrugged and met Rama. Uco saw them in a fun conversation, sometimes demonstrating some silat moves, and Andi caressed Rama's hair for so many times as they were talking. He smiled to see how Andi really cared about his younger brother, reminded him of Eka who always cared about him unconditionally. \"Oh, well, he lost,\" said Prakoso as he stared at the arena hall. Uco followed his gaze. The other participant from Putih Abu-Abu was defeated. Rama and Benny stood across each other. The final game would start in some minutes. Meanwhile, Uco watched from the edge of the arena, together with Andi, Prakoso, the other participants, and the substitute. \"Did you really train him well?\" asked Uco. Prakoso sighed. \"You and Eka watched the additional training, and you still doubt me?\" he replied. Andi chuckled to see it. \"You worry about your agenda or about my brother, Co?\" he teased. Uco was startled. He somehow ran out of words, when he really wanted to interrupt Andi and Prakoso who chuckled at him. \"You're still that stubborn kid,\" said Prakoso, \"What's so hard for you to admit Rama as your best friend?\" he asked. \"Shut up and watch,\" replied Uco right before Rama and Benny bent down at each other. Within a second, a friendly gaze in Rama's clear eyes turned into an intense stare. Such dramatic change in Rama's face was always Uco's favorite, which always made his heart skipped a beat no matter how many times he had seen it. Benny attacked Rama first, he threw his first to Rama's nose but Rama dodged it with his arm. He kicked Benny's face, and Benny dodged easily. They continued hitting and kicking each other, as well as they both dodged from each other's attack. In two minutes, both scores are still equal. None of them let the opponent win. \"Rama might be smaller than Benny, but it helped him,\" said Prakoso, \"Benny is weak in receiving sudden attack. That's why I trained him some attacks that Benny would not expect can be done by smaller opponent.\" Uco rolled his eyes. He remembered when Benny mocked him in front of Alicia, and Alicia suddenly threw a kick at his chest that he could not avoid. \"Your moves in toilet incident were the idea,\" Prakoso continued, \"To support his fist and kick, I trained him to use his brain by doing some rollings and jumpings,\" he said. Uco did not reply. He indeed explained about what he did in toilet incident in details when Prakoso asked him one day during club hour. He remembered he made those acrobatic moves easily because some of his opponents were his size, and some were even smaller. \"Look, Benny's getting tired,\" said Andi, \"Somehow he must admit that Rama has strong fists and agile kicks that he's overwhelmed enough to reply. You must have known well about it, because you asked Rama to break the window glass when you can't, to save Alicia,\" he smiled when Uco glanced at him. Uco watched the match again. Andi was right, Benny started to look tired while Rama was still not less excited than when the game started. \"He has better control of his breath than yours,\" Andi added, \"You lost breath when you defended yourself from Benny's attacks in the controller room. I know, defense consumed a lot of energy, but if you watch closely, in the last minute Rama did not attack Benny at all. He only defended, but look how stable he is now,\" he watched his brother as a satisfied smile appeared on his face. Meanwhile, Benny started to feel impatient. Using his bigger body, he pounced Rama before Rama bent down and rolled between Benny's legs. He stood up behind Benny and kicked his left arm. When Benny was staggered because of exhausted, Rama grabbed his collar to push him to the floor and kneeled on his chest, clenched his fist to throw the final punch on Benny's face but he held it. \"Good job, Brother,\" Andi clapped as Rama was announced as the winner. The audience gave standing ovation for Rama, who only smiled timidly as he scrathed his head. Uco smiled as he stood and clapped. He looked at the audience seat and found his father there, giving a standing applause like the other audiences. He looked at another side of the seat and found Eka, standing between Ryuuichi and Bowo, clapping as he smiled before he turned his head to look at Uco. As their eyes were locked, they smirked at each other. \"Are you sure, Eka?\" asked Bejo. Eka nodded. It had been two days since the sectionals ended. In Headmaster Office, Uco and Eka held a sudden meeting with Bejo and Bangun. Eka had just explained about their plan to stop Benny from messing things. Bejo could not seem to agree with such plan, while Bangun still had not respond. \"I'm sure, Senior,\" replied Eka. \"But this is between two schools,\" Bejo insisted, \"You're still the president-elect, this should be my responsibility instead.\" \"No,\" said Eka, \"This is between me and Uco and Benny. We might be the only ones to stop him from torturing people. He holds the grudge on us. He tortured people to participate in sectionals was probably to show us that he can survive even though we've made him expelled.\" Uco nodded to support Eka. They both had prepared everything since before final match, so that they had no choice but to succeed the plan. \"But if you threaten him with a report to police,\" said Bangun finally, \"I think he wouldn't take it seriously. I've made a deal with his father, and the guarantee is the business contracts we made.\" \"But the story would be different if the one who reports is not you, Headmaster,\" said Uco as he smirked. Eka nodded and smiled to support Uco, while Bejo winced and Bangun rolled his eyes. It did not take long for Bangun to interpret what his son talked about. \"I see,\" he said, \"When?\" \"Tomorrow, according to the appointment we made,\" replied Eka. Bangun nodded. \"Make sure you got him, Eka, Uco,\" he said. Both Uco and Eka nodded jointly. \"Wait, but…is this really alright?\" asked Bejo, \"Only two of you?\" he looked worry. \"It's okay, Senior,\" replied Uco, \"Leave it all to us.\" The next day. \"Eka, wait! Uco!\" Uco and Eka turned around before they reached the car door. They had already stood near Bangun's F-Type Coupe Jaguar in front of the school's main gate when they saw Ryuuichi and Bowo walked fast at them. \"What's up?\" asked Eka. Uco saw both Ryuuichi and Bowo looked at them alternately. \"You—are you sure?\" asked Ryuuichi, \"Only two of you?\" \"What if you got attacked?\" asked Bowo, \"You can't take this risk, you two. The coronation is tomorrow, what if something happened to you?\" Eka and Uco looked at each other and sighed. Official inauguration of the new Student Council members would be on the next day, just like Bowo said. Uco suddenly realized that he did not think of a risk like something might happen to Eka, the Student Council president-elect who would be officially coronated. He started to feel guilty and doubt the plan. \"Ka,\" he said, \"They're…right. You can't-,\" \"We'll be fine,\" Eka interrupted, \"I'll be fine. I have the sectionals badass with me, also some arrows and bow-,\" \"For God's sake, don't tell me you really bring them all-,\" Eka burst to laughter. Uco winced, while Ryuuichi and Bowo looked at each other before they shrugged jointly. It was indeed delighting to see the calm Eka laughed hard, but still Uco had no idea of what was going on. \"Look at your face, so serious,\" Eka chuckled, \"I was just kidding!\" he pat Uco's head, and Uco returned it with a punch on his arm. Ryuuichi and Bowo chuckled to see it. \"No need to worry, Ryu, Wo,\" said Eka, \"While I'm leaving, please take care of the inauguration preparation. Hope we won't be long.\" \"Yeah, unless that monster would be brave enough to bang one of our heads to wall or glass again, maybe we'll arrive here a little late,\" said Uco nonchalantly. Eka chuckled as he saw Ryuuichi and Bowo looked worry. \"He's just kidding,\" he said, \"We're leaving, okay?\" Ryuuichi and Bowo still did not say anything, while Uco and Eka had opened the car doors and sat on its back seat. The family driver drove them away. St. Slaters High School was a high school located in the middle of Bogor City, unlike Putih Abu-Abu which was located remotely. When Uco and Eka passed the gate, some students looked at them and whispered with each other. Some girls even looked quite enthusiastic to see their fine looks. \"It's a quite big building,\" said Uco when he looked at the school building across him. \"This school has a lot more students than ours,\" said Eka, \"I wonder if we could watch some performances from its art clubs,\" he chuckled. Uco snorted, \"You wish,\" he said, \"Senior Bowo might call the police if we don't arrive back on time.\" Eka burst into laughter again, while Uco chuckled. They both walked inside the building together, and still there were some students looking at them. Apparently it was lunch break, so that students were all around the school. Suddenly Eka stopped by to talk to a boy who looked nerdy and brought a black MacBook. Uco glanced at that student, whose eyes showed his brilliance. \"Hey, would you please tell me where Student Council Office is?\" asked Eka. \"Walk straight and turn right,\" said that boy coldly, \"You'll find it by the name board,\" he fixed his glasses. Eka nodded, \"Thank you,\" he smiled. That boy only nodded before he continued walking. \"He's cocky,\" said Uco nonchalantly as they continued walking. Eka chuckled. \"I think he's just being distant,\" he said, \"Like you.\" Uco had just almost argued when they both saw 'Student Council Office' written on a small board near a big door after they turned right. They walked slowly. \"You really had contacted the president?\" asked Uco. \"Sure,\" replied Eka as he checked his phone, \"She's waiting,\" he knocked the door and opened it after they heard a girl's voice told them to come in. Benny entered Student Council Office with a big shock on his face. Uco and Eka stood in front of Student Council President's desk, while the said president was still sitting on her chair with sharp gaze at Benny. Not only them, but there was also a man whose face Benny remembered well. \"Come here, please,\" said the Student Council president. Benny walked closer. Uco really enjoyed the minutes when Benny's expression was getting tenser. \"What's going on, Senior Risa?\" asked Benny. \"Before you ever harm more students here,\" the Student Council president, whose name was Risa, replied with a cold-yet-firm voice, \"I think Student Council representatives from Putih Abu-Abu High School would like to have some words with you,\" she said, \"Please go ahead, Eka and Uco,\" she glanced at Uco and Eka alternately. Benny rolled his eyes as Uco smirked at him. \"Hi, Benny,\" said Eka as he smiled politely, \"Long time no see. Congratulations for being runner-up in sectionals, anyway.\" \"Yeah, thanks,\" replied Benny, \"What's up?\" he asked. \"We won't be long,\" said Eka, \"First and last, we just want to ask you to stop everything,\" he looked straight at Benny's eyes. Benny winced. \"Stop what?\" he snorted, \"What are you talking about? Looks like you're not enough satisfied with kicking me out of your father's school, huh?\" \"Quit pretending, Monster,\" Uco squinted, \"We collected all the evidences about you harming two pencak silat club members in this school, and now there's nowhere in this world for you to escape. Deny it, and we'll report you to police,\" he stared firmly at Benny. \"You're making things up,\" Benny grinned, \"Why are you holding so much grudge on me? I hurt you two, yes, but now I'm not around you anymore, no?\" \"Are you serious saying we are 'making things up', Ben?\" asked Eka seriously. Benny did not answer as the grin slowly left his face. Uco looked at a big envelope on Risa's desk. \"May I?\" he asked. Risa moved the envelope to Uco's side and nodded. Uco took the envelope and pulled out the paper from the inside. He showed it to Benny, who only winced. \"The hospital near your inn gave this diagnose,\" he said, \"The participant was diagnosed that he was not poisoned with anything in his food. His digestion was in trouble because of some laxatives, which must be mixed into his food. That man who stands beside Eka was the waiter you bribed to do that. He testified,\" Uco smirked. Benny looked at that man with angry gaze before he looked back at Uco and Eka with the same gaze. \"How could you-,\" \"Oh, and about the substitute who was suddenly attacked by random rascals,\" Eka interrupted, \"Have they arrived?\" he asked Uco. \"Sure,\" Uco replied as he walked to the door and opened it. Two girls and three boys wearing messy high school uniforms walked in. Uco followed after he closed the door and stopped next to them. \"What?\" asked Benny, \"What's with them?\" \"Enough with your pretense,\" replied Uco, \"You gave them a lot of money to beat that substitute until he was unable to participate in sectionals. They testified as well,\" he smirked. Benny snorted and shook. \"It was 'random rascals', you Idiot,\" he mocked, \"How could you address them?\" he asked. \"So, you already forgot that I was a rascal like them,\" replied Uco, \"But, no, I don't know them. Because they're all Alicia's friends from the same orphanage,\" he chuckled. Benny was shocked. \"Alicia?\" he asked, \"Alicia the little bitch-,\" \"HEY!\" Benny was more shocked when the five rascals yelled at him jointly. They all stared at him with wrathful gaze. \"Don't you ever call her like that, Coward!\" snapped one of the girls. Benny blinked twice. He looked around the room without moving an inch. \"Don't be nervous,\" Uco walked over Benny and pat his shoulder, \"We won't report you to police if you promise not to ever hurt anyone anymore. It's simple, right?\" he smirked. \"How could you-,\" \"You think you're the only living rich kid in this world?\" Uco chuckled as he pulled his palm from Benny shoulder, \"You paid people to work for you. I paid them more amounts to testify. I wonder why it didn't cross your mind, but probably evil plans had drained your intelligence.\" \"You can't report me to police, your father had promised my father-,\" \"That promise only applies to our father,\" Eka interrupted, \"It's not going to be the same again if the one who reports you is his son or anyone else,\" he said. Benny was running out of words. The people who worked for him had testified, and they even appeared in the same room with him, ready to confirm everything once they were asked. \"Listen, Benny,\" said Eka, \"You're a gifted martial artist. Your silat performance was amazing, even in the sectionals you did it better than when you were in our school. Instead of hurting anyone to show it off, I think you better climb your stairs to the top. It won't take too long, for someone as talented as you, if you're focused. Stop hurting people. Stop messing up, and release your grudge towards us. There's no use holding it.\" \"And there's no use for you to mess up more,\" added Uco, \"Because we've made a deal with your Student Council President that she would ask for our favor to investigate every mess you might make in the future,\" he looked straight at Benny's eyes. Benny did not respond. It took almost a minute for him to finally nod. Uco and Eka sighed jointly as they both faced Risa again. Risa stood off her chair to shake hands with Uco and Eka. \"Thank you,\" said Eka, \"For your cooperation. Hope we'll maintain this good relationship.\" \"No problem, of course,\" Risa smiled firmly at Eka and Uco. Her eyes showed that she was someone who would never break any rules. \"We're leaving,\" said Uco, \"Thank you, and please handle these people,\" he smiled politely. Risa nodded. Eka and Uco continued shaking hands with the waiter and the five rascals. Uco pat Benny's shoulder once before he followed Eka out of the room. He was glad that he finally saw neither grudge nor anger in Benny's eyes for the first time.[Chapter 16] [Author's Note] Finally, the finale. *sobs* I could not be less happy when finally this chapter was completed according to plan. The fast forward, the slight appearance of Baseball Bat Man, and the Uco who already became Student Council member, everything was according to plan. Glad I did not change my mind to present those. And finally with a big smile on my face, probably as big as Uco's in the end of the story, I brought this story to an end. This is the second time I wrote a serial fanfiction, and I'm glad that I did not really mess up. I'm happy as well that this story has invited some readers, even followers, who enjoy following Uco's path in Putih Abu-Abu High School until the end. At first I really had no intention about everything, I only wrote this fanfiction because I fell in love with The Raid 2: Berandal and all its casts, and now it brought me this far. I'll be happy if ALL the movie crews know that their work has brought inspiration and woke up the imagination of many people. Those who write fanfictions, those who draw fan-arts, and some other inspired fans, will never be the same without the movie crews' work. Many endless thanks to Gareth Evans and his PT. Merantau Films for this amazing The Raid Saga project. And also, many endless thanks to those who had spent their precious time to read this story, and especially to those followers. Without them, this story will only be a piece of meaningless post. After all, please enjoy the final chapter. Still waiting for all reviews, and see you in some other next fanfictions! The Raid 2: Berandal © PT. Merantau Films Right Where I Belong © Alex Goot \"Bring me the ball!\" A male first-grader wearing white hoodie over his uniform raised his left arm to some seniors at the backyard near baseball field. His right arm was gripping a baseball bat tightly. \"What the hell, little brat? Who are you?\" asked one of some third-graders who gathered around their weaker schoolmate. He was the one who got hit with a baseball, which was beaten by that first-grader, right at his temple. \"It doesn't matter,\" he replied nonchalantly as he raised his baseball bat, \"Stop the bullying or I'll stop you with my b-,\" SLAP! Uco suddenly appeared and hit that first-grader's head with a school newspaper he brought. He glared at that boy who was rubbing his head with his left hand. \"Ah, Senior Uco!\" said that boy, \"Glad you came! Look, they're bullying their friend-,\" \"What are you dong, again?\" asked Uco as he stared straight at that boy. \"Helping you, of course!\" replied that boy before he got another hit on his head with the school newspaper Uco held. Uco sighed heavily. \"How many times I've warned you that handling bullying is Student Council's task, Very?\" he tried not to yell, \"Your action, beating the ball to your senior, would be granted with a punishment.\" \"What?!\" that boy, whose name was Very, was not happy, \"That's not fair!\" As they continued debating, the other members of Disciplinary Committee dismissed the bullying and brought the bullies with them to Student Council Office. They were laughing as they passed by Uco and Very, enjoying their quarrels for many times that they could not count . After school, Uco walked out of 2-C classroom after he discussed about some Chemistry materials, which he did not understand, with Keiichi. He left after Keiichi, who left earlier because he received a text from Eka that tells him to visit Student Council Office soon. Unlike in his first year, Keiichi was busier because not only a top student, he was also the Student Council secretary. Uco glanced at the big board near Student Council Office. The rank list of the past final test was still on the boards. He chuckled when he saw his name on the second rank, right after Keiichi's, out of the first-graders. Beyond his expectation, he became the second top student dramatically in final test. It was as dramatic as when he was inaugurated as Head of Disciplinary Committee. \"You're late, Uco,\" said Prakoso as he saw Uco walking at him in arena building. Uco nodded. \"Sorry, Coach,\" he said, \"I'll run, now,\" he glanced at Rama and some third-graders, who were in intensive training for the upcoming regionals, before he started to run around the arena as a punishment for coming late to club hour. While he was running, he glanced at some karate club and judo club members. He saw Alicia in karate section, who was demonstrating some kicks with Coach Goto. At judo section, he saw Ryuuichi and Bowo were in one on one fight, apparently they were in technical training. When he impulsively glanced at audience seat near karate section, he saw Very sitting there, watching karate training enthusiastically. \"Hey, Senior!\" Very suddenly waved, \"What happened? You got punished?\" he asked. Uco only smirked without answering his questions, leaving him confused. Very was a student in class 1-B, who was enrolled in Putih Abu-Abu because of his baseball skill. Currently he and his elder sister were the hottest topic talked by nearly all the boys and girls, as they were mentioned as the beautiful siblings. But for Uco, Very was more like a so-called pain in the ass. Just like his sister, Very could not stand bullying and he would do anything to stop it even though he could not do martial arts like his sister. He only used his bat and ball, but it had bothered Uco enough because instead of helping Disciplinary Committee, Very made Uco work twice by making him think of what punishment Student Council must give to that first-grader for beating the bullies up. Not to mention that Uco admired Very's fast reaction towards bullying, which always reminded him to what his sister did for him when he was mocked by Benny in their first year. \"Come in.\" Uco opened Student Council Office door and closed it again before he walked to the president's desk. He had just finished another club hour. Eka was working on something on his iMac, while Uco took a seat across him. Suddenly his phone was buzzing because of an e-mail he received from Bejo. He smirked as he typed a reply. \"Who's that?\" asked Eka as he was still typing. \"Senior Bejo,\" replied Uco. Eka chuckled. \"He concerns quite much about you,\" he said, \"Asking about your job in Student Council, I guess?\" \"Exactly,\" said Uco, \"Anyway, where's Keiichi?\" he asked. \"At dorm,\" replied Eka, \"A lot of homeworks, he said.\" \"Homeworks my ass,\" Uco laughed, \"We're classmates, and I'm still talking with you here. I bet he's not only doing homeworks, but also studying materials for third-graders. That guy is such a smart ass,\" he chuckled, while Eka smiled as he nodded. Uco had to admit that Keiichi was an academic genius since he helped him studying before the past final test. And since they were classmates, they discussed about class subjects even more that makes Uco understand better about the materials. \"Done,\" said Eka as he quit typing and saved the documents. He stood off his chair and walked to a small refrigerator near his desk to get two mineral waters. He gave one to Uco. \"How's club?\" he asked before he opened the water bottle. \"Fine,\" replied Uco, \"I feel more relaxed. You know, no more intensive trainings,\" he chuckled. Eka laughed. \"Thought you missed it,\" he teased. Uco winced before he chuckled. \"Like I'm not enough busy taking care of bullying and such,\" he said. \"I thought that baseball boy helped you,\" teased Eka. Uco laughed. \"He wished, but he doubles my job instead,\" he said, \"They're really siblings, for God's sake.\" \"I know,\" said Eka after he drinked, \"Like Alicia, he won't think twice to save tortured people. Why don't you suggest him to join martial arts club? Joining two clubs is not prohibited here.\" \"I don't think baseball coach would allow him, though,\" replied Uco. \"Yeah, he's potential to join the upcoming sectionals,\" said Eka, \"Well, it's already 5:30. Let's go back to dorm.\" They both left Student Council Office. Eka locked the door before they walked together to the dormitory as they continued their conversation. Sometimes they waved to some friends and juniors they passed by along their walk. \"I bet, Senior Bejo and Senior Jaka are now debating about breaking some rules there in NYC,\" Eka chuckled, \"I'm still surprised they go to the same college.\" \"Well, who knows?\" replied Uco, \"Speaking about college, what's your plan after graduation? Following those seniors?\" he asked. Both Bejo and Jaka were enrolled in a university in New York City, United States, based on their good recommendations from school and high IELTS test results. Nobody predicted that they would go to the same college, although they took different majors. \"I think I'm not going to study abroad,\" replied Eka, \"I'll stay here, so that I'll always be close with Father and I can watch him. I'll be asking too much to study abroad,\" he said. Uco glanced at Eka before he smiled. \"You know what, sometimes I think you deserve being his son more than I do,\" he said, \"I can't even think that way, like watching him and such. Your late father must be proud of you.\" \"Not really,\" Eka chuckled timidly, \"It's also because if I stay here, you can be the one who goes abroad. I think you need it better as his heir, right?\" he asked. Uco shrugged. \"As if this country doesn't have enough good universities,\" he said, \"I haven't thought about it, I'm still second-grader now. But, really, thanks for thinking deep and selflessly. I'm glad Dad brought you to our house, Ka,\" he looked straight at Eka's eyes as he smiled. Before Eka ever replied, Uco already walked forward to open the dormitory door. A bunch of feelings burst inside his heart. He realized how things have changed totally differently. When he first came into Putih Abu-Abu, not even a thought ever crossed his mind that he would be happy to have Eka as his family member. He realized that everything started to change since he was enrolled in the school. The headline in school newspaper that Uco had just received was about Isa who won national Biology olympic. Uco read the article as he smirked, thinking of how bright Isa's future would be because she made a great achievement in her third-grade first months as president of science club. He closed the newspaper before he walked upstairs to his classroom. When he reached second floor, he saw Alicia walking near 2-A classroom. They walked to each other. \"Morning,\" greeted Alicia before she giggled. \"Yeah, good morning,\" Uco snorted as he chuckled. They were no more classmates. \"We haven't talked much since second year started, right?\" asked Alicia. Uco nodded. \"Yeah, pretty much,\" he said, \"While your little brother keeps messing with my job,\" he quipped. Alicia laughed. Uco impulsively glanced around and saw some boys were staring at Alicia, apparently were amazed of her beautiful look when she laughed. \"I'm sorry that Very bothers you,\" she giggled, \"But, you know, he's like…unstoppable.\" \"Yeah, just like you,\" said Uco, \"And just like you, he's the hottest topic among the girls now.\" \"Ah, yeah, he is,\" Alicia stil giggled, \"Even Senior Isa ever praised his pretty face before me. I kinda expected Dwi to do the same, but all that she talks about is still Coach Prakoso,\" she laughed. Uco burst into laughter as well. He remembered one day, in a holiday after final test, he ever asked his father about Prakoso and Dwi's relationship, and Bangun only chuckled when he answered that Prakoso would not be brave enough to mess with a student. \"Hey, how about lunch together?\" asked Alicia. Uco rolled his eyes before he nodded. Since they were separated to different classes, he rarely talked much with Alicia and he realized he kind of missed it because Alicia was the first person who was brave to greet him in class. \"But don't bring Very around,\" he said, \"I've been bored seeing him around bullying.\" \"Okay, okay,\" Alicia laughed again, \"But if you talk longer with him, I bet you'll like him, Uco.\" Uco arrived at arena building earlier because he was curious of what Rama hide from him. Before class ended he texted Rama, who was in class 2-D, to ask him to walk together to arena building. But Rama rejected because he had to meet someone right when club hour starts. When Uco asked who that person was, Rama said it was a secret. He was surprised to see Andi there, talking with Rama and Prakoso. \"Hey,\" said Andi when he saw Uco coming. Uco was startled for a second. Andi, who should had been graduated, visited Putih Abu-Abu when he should be in the campus. But what made Uco surprised was the Andi who wore pencak silat coach suit, like the one that Prakoso wore. \"Why?\" asked Uco as Andi walked at him, \"You quit college?\" \"Of course not,\" replied Andi, \"I've been so lucky to be enrolled in a college based on the recommendation, why would I leave it?\" he chuckled. Andi was indeed enrolled in a well-known college which was located in the middle of Bogor city because of good recommendation from the school about his pencak silat skill and achievement. Uco winced. Meanwhile, Rama and Prakoso chuckled. \"Since today, Andi is my assistant, Uco,\" said Prakoso, \"One of my assistants went abroad to get his master degree. I think it's good to have someone familiar as your coach assistant, right?\" he asked. Uco blinked twice. \"Is this allowed?\" he asked, \"How about your silat activity in college?\" \"It's fine, as long as I manage everything well. I'm not assisting Coach Prakoso everyday, though,\" replied Andi. Uco nodded as he understood. He also understood why Andi looked cheerful and excited in his first day as coach assistant. \"You better let him train the regionals participants, Coach,\" teased Uco, \"Looks like he hasn't met Rama for decades,\" he chuckled. Prakoso and Rama laughed, while Andi scratched his head timidly. Apparently Uco had hit him at the right spot. Another club hour had just finished. While the other martial art club members and their coaches already left the arena building, Uco and Rama were lying side by side on the floor. It was already 6:00 PM and there were only two of them. They have not even changed their silat uniform into school uniform because when the floor was mopped by some new club members, they were still training their fists with sand sacks. \"So, how many percents are you ready for the regionals?\" asked Uco as he closed his eyes to ease his exhaustion. \"If I said one hundred, will you believe it?\" Rama chuckled. Uco smirked. \"No,\" he replied. \"Why?\" asked Rama. \"I better believe that you're one hundred and twenty percents ready, so that I won't be too shocked when watching your badass performance,\" replied Uco. Rama laughed out loud. \"You know what,\" he chuckled, \"You've been totally changed. Almost a year ago, I can never even imagine that you'd ever be enough interested to ask a question,\" he glanced at Uco and smiled. Uco looked at his left where Rama lied down. Again, his heart skipped the same beat that he felt when he saw Rama fighting. He looked away as he tried to hide his blushing cheeks. \"A year ago, I always wanted a roommate,\" Rama continued when he realized that Uco would not respond, \"That's why when I first saw you lying on that bunk bed, I swore to myself not to ever let you go. No matter how hard it is, I swore I'll do my best to be your friend,\" he closed his eyes, apparently trying to recall the first time they met in the dormitory. Uco still did not respond. Rama's words easily ran across his mind to knock on his heart. He would not wonder much if he was loved by Bangun and Eka, or even Prakoso, because they were already like his family members. But a year ago, he did not even know that Rama exists. Rama was definitely a stranger. But Uco had no choice except to admit that Rama was actually the closest person with him. He was his first friend ever. \"Hey,\" he said, \"If your roommate wasn't me, wouldn't it be just the same?\" he asked. \"Maybe,\" replied Rama, \"But I don't think it'll be the same for me. If it wasn't because of you, I wouldn't be brave enough to defend people unconditionally. Maybe I'd remain selfish, being afraid of breaking rules and such, and I'd end up just being a pencak silat champion without knowing what it is all for,\" he explained as he closed his eyes. Uco chuckled. \"What's with that 'champion' thing?\" he mocked, \"You haven't even entered regionals!\" They both laughed. Uco finally realized how glad he was to be in Putih Abu-Abu. How glad he was to have Rama as his roommate. How glad he was to eventually understand that he was always loved by his father and stepbrother that he never treated properly. And how glad he was to meet some amazing people that he always claimed as 'not existing in this world' before. He slowly found a sense of protection. \"Do you think Eka will agree to share the job with me, someday?\" he suddenly asked. \"What job? You mean as Student Council president?\" Rama asked back. Uco shook. \"No,\" he replied, \"I mean Dad's job. Someday in the future, I think he can take care of the corporation. He's qualified for such job.\" \"Oh, I see,\" said Rama, \"Then if he took care of the corp, what will you do?\" he asked. Uco took a deep breath as he blinked once. \"I will be the headmaster of this school.\" Almost two semesters already passed again. All the students and teachers gathered in the auditorium after class ended. There were no club activities that day. Some Student Council members were busy securing the surrounding and preparing all the sound systems in the controller room. \"This brings back memories,\" Eka chuckled, \"And I'll always owe you about that.\" \"Family members don't owe each other, Idiot,\" said Uco as he punched Eka's arm slightly. They both chuckled. They were behind the prepared platform together with the other Student Council president candidates and their campaign managers. \"Hey, I won't lose to you,\" said Keiichi when he passed Uco by. Uco smirked. \"Me, too,\" he said, \"Let's see whose speech would defeat Eka's speech last year,\" he teased. Keiichi laughed before he nodded and walked away. Eka laughed and caressed Uco's head. \"So, this is your first step as the future's headmaster?\" he asked. \"Pretty much,\" Uco shrugged, \"Only if you don't stand on my way to the headmaster chair.\" Eka laughed again. Uco fixed his necktie when he saw his campaign manager walking at him. He had just coordinated about the speech with Student Council members in the controller room. \"It's done?\" asked Uco. Rama nodded. \"I've made sure nothing like your birth certificate was left in the computer,\" he replied. Both Uco and Eka bursted into laughter, while Rama chuckled. Again, Uco was glad that these people could always cheer him even when he was a little bit nervous before he conveyed his speech as Student Council president candidate. He could even still remember the content of supportive texts he just received from Alicia, Ryuuichi, Bowo, and Very before he met Eka behind the platform. \"I'll protect this place, no matter I win or lose,\" said Uco as he stared at the curtain, \"This sanctuary had saved me. I owe this place too much-,\" \"You already do, Uco,\" said Eka, \"You already do, as our Head of Disciplinary Committee.\" \"And as pencak silat club member as well,\" added Rama. Uco chuckled as he smirked. He raised both his hands and pulled both Eka and Rama together to his arms with one hug. \"Out of all those things in my life,\" he said, \"I owe you two the most.\" ","Summary":" [Author's Note] It's not my fault that there was no The Raid 2: Berandal on the category list. The "},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Brothers: Book 5","Author":"HobbitsOfMordor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12354458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DESC: Duke POV. Duke struggles with the consequences of his own decision. \"Goodbye.\" I mutter, turning away. After a moment, Max yelps \"Duke!\". \"What is it, Max?\" I ask, looking back. \"Swear to me...\" he begs. I... don't think I've ever seen him do that before... \"Swear to me...that you'll stay safe, no matter what happens.\" I hesitate. What's the point of promising him this if there's no way for him to even know if it's broken? I'll indulge him, I guess. \"I swear.\" I answer, returning to my path. \"Okay.\" he whispers, laying down. Wait, he's actually giving up? And he... He almost seems...sad? Isn't he supposed to never stop trying once he puts his mind to something? Did everything I said really affect him that much? Hmph. Well, it's too late now. Goodbye, Max. This may be a bit harder than I thought. Surviving on my own, that is. I'm so cold...and wet...I wish I could build a fire. But this is for the best. I know it is. Max is...Max was ... Max was dangerous for me to be around. Now I can't rely on anyone to save me. I'll have to rely on my instincts. Hold on, is that a cave? That would be a perfect shelter. It is! See, Max? I don't need you to survive! ... Some company would be nice, though... But I can't risk it. It's being in danger with him or being safe out here. Max has the remaining half of the Flushed Pets out for his blood. Not to mention, he's potentially unstable after what Kristal and Jess have put him through. He could end up lashing out at me. It's better this way. For both of us, really. I never really did much when I was around. He risked his life to save me from Tiberius, and by the time I arrived to save him, he was already injured and being protected by the dog who tried to kill him! Max will get over it. He may not admit it, or even believe it, but he's strong . I've known it ever since I first met him. He'll make it through this. I just can't be there with him. I know that it's selfish, and I know he looked like this was hurting him. But I also know that he hasn't given me much reason to believe he cares recently. I don't know why, but I truly hope he'll be able to forgive me, even if he never sees me again. Max. I know you may not ever understand why, but I had to do this.[Chapter 2] A/N: Chapter 2 is here! And on time! :D Why? I can't believe it... He's really gone... Max, you need to get up. We have to find some sort of shelter. N-no...he can't be! He'll come back any second now and tell me it was a joke! Max. He'll come back! I know it! I'll just wait here. Max. He can't... Max. I-it's...not fair... ...I know, Max. But you need to live with it. There are people who care about you. What do you think Gidget would say if you just gave up? Duke... It's no use...you're not even listening, anyways. Why? Why can't I just have a peaceful life!? Why can't I just live my life free of troubles, like a normal dog? Max, this is going to sound completely crazy, but I have no doubts that you'll be able to find him. But, before you can do that, you need to keep yourself alive. Y-you're right... I know. So, first thing's first, let's try and find some shelter, okay? When the storm lets up, we can go find Katie and Gidget, and they can help us find Duke. O-okay... I'll find you, Duke. Even if you don't want me to. I'll prove to you that I care! I swear. I'm soaked, but I keep walking. Surely there's a cave or something around here. Hold on, was that someone calling my name? \"Max! Duke! Where are you guys?\" Upon hearing his name, I fall back to the ground and the tears return. I-i can't do it, Alpha! It's okay, Max. Look, it's Katie and Gidget. \"Max! Are you okay? Where's Duke?\" \"He...he's gone...\" \"It's okay, Max! We'll find him!\" \"No, he's not lost...we weren't seperated...he left...\" \"What?\" \"H-he ran away.\" \"Max, this is a joke, right?\" Katie grins. \"Duke's not actually gone,\" The smile falters. \"Is he?\" I turn away and curl up on the ground. I don't care if it's raining. \"Max?\" Gidget calls. \"What is it, Gidget?\" She seems to flinch away when I don't use my nickname for her. \"Max... I know you're hurting right now... I know you feel alone, even though you aren't. And I know how it feels to be alone. How do you think I was feeling while I was living on the streets by myself before I saved you from Tiberius?\" I avoid her gaze by fixating my eyes on a stick. A stick... \"It would please me to chew on a stick just now. You heard me. Fetch.\" \"Thanks a lot, Duke. You know, I don't like to use this phrase, because it's offensive to our kind, but you're a bad dog!\" \"You know what, Duke? I don't need this. I'll...see you later.\" I was such a bad brother. This is all my fault... Duke... A/N: D':[Chapter 3] A/N: Minor Swearing this chapter. Just thought I'd warn you. Also Gidget POV. Max hasn't said a word to me since we got home two hours ago. Wait, scratch that, he hasn't said a word to me since we found him alone in the woods. We spent hours searching for Duke, but he either completely evaded us or was already long gone. And since we've been here... He hasn't moved from his spot in the corner. Whenever anyone gets too close, he just... growls. It's probably best to just leave him alone, but that doesn't stop me from feeling like I need to help somehow. But it's no use. Right now, Katie's taking me out for a walk. She said she left a camera in the apartment to see if Max does anything while we're gone. Honestly, I don't think he will. Suddenly, a lightbulb goes off in my head. \"Katie!\" I yelp. \"What is it?\" \"Why don't we go ask the Caged Domestics where Duke is? They'll know for sure!\" \"Holy- why didn't we think of that sooner!?\" We rush to the underground bunker we remember the CD inhabiting. When we arrive, the door is already open. In fact, it looks like it was busted open! We enter to find a massacre. Or at least, what's left after several months of decay. I feel sick, so I immediately run outside and vomit. \"Holy crap...\" Katie mutters. \"What the hell happened here?\" Out of nowhere, a familiar figure appears, but he looks different. He's far more malnourished, and overall in very bad shape. It's their leader! \"W-what happened?\" I ask. \"Th-they found us.\" He wheezes. \"Just like I kn-knew they would.\" \"Who? Who found you?\" \"W-who do you think?\" He chuckles bitterly, then proceeds to cough for 10 seconds straight. \"The Flushed Pets.\" He says after it subsides. \"What did they do!? How did they beat you when you can see the future?\" \"It was an event...set in motion by bringing Max back to normal. If he hadn't destroyed their machine, the Flushed Pets wouldn't have switched their focus to us so soon.\" \"So wait...you knew this was going to happen!?\" \"Yes. And I also know why you're here. You are here to ask about Duke. I'm afraid I can't tell you. Somehow, his desire not to be found is stronger than my psychic abilities. Probably has something to do with the sorry state I'm in. But I won't be for much longer...\" \"W-wait, what do you mean?\" I call. \"You can't mean-\" \"They've found out that I'm still alive,\" he interrupts. \"And they're coming now to finish me off. You have to leave before they do.\" \"W-we can't just leave you here!\" Katie shouts. \"You don't have a choice. There cannot even be a slight chance that either one of you dies. If you do, there's no way that Max, the only one who can lead the Redeemed, will ever be willing to.\" \"You've seen him!\" I bark. \"He's not going to anyways!\" \"Just trust me on this. One last time.\" \"A-alright. Goodbye- hold on, I just realized we never learned your name!\" \"Because I knew this would happen. You'd be more attached to me if you had a name to call me by. But that's not important. You need to leave, now! They're almost here!\" \"So be it. Goodbye.\" We turn and run away. Not long after, I can hear screeches of pain in the wind. I do my best to ignore them. Looks like this is the end of the Caged Domestics. May they rest in peace. We arrive back home and Max hasn't moved an inch. Katie checks the camera. He hasn't done a single thing. A/N: RIP Caged Domestics. You will be missed, etc.[Chapter 4] Hours ago, I narrowly missed being found by Katie and Gidget. Max wasn't with them, proving my point yet again. I ignore the voice in the back of my head saying: 'But what if he hadn't moved from that spot, and they put him in the car so he could warm up?' I am going back to New York. Not back to them, but back to the city. It's a great place to be. Easy pickings for food (right out of people's hands), mediocre animal control, what's not to like? That's why I'm going back. These are the only reasons. Not because you want to see them again? See Max again? No. I don't want to see them again. And definitely not him. I was carefully watching the turns Katie made upon leaving the city. If I remember correctly, it was straight for a long time, then turn left when you get to the town square pretty far down, and keep going until you get to New York City. It took a few hours to drive, but it'll probably take a few days to walk. I can handle it. And so, I begin my trek. As night approaches, the rain stops. I'll keep moving until I find a good place. After another half hour or so, I see a small ditch on the side of the road. It'll be muddy, but that's no problem. I can just find a stream tomorrow and wash off. I lay down among the blades of grass... And sleep. \"Max...I don't care if you don't think you deserve it...but I'm sorry.\" \"And Duke... I don't care if you don't think you deserve it, but I'm sorry, too.\" Why can't I sleep without thinking about him? You made a mistake. No, I didn't. We're both better off this way! Really... This is the best option. When morning comes, I've barely gotten any sleep. This is fine. I'll be able to sleep much better when I arrive at my destination. Because you'll be able to see that Max is okay. Because I'll have food and water easily accessible. I find a stream close by and wash as much of the mud caked into my fur off as I can. I search for something to eat and discover and kill a mouse. I clear my head of all thoughts of Max (or try, anyway) as I eat. Then I keep walking. And am haunted by my thoughts of the ones I left behind once more. But are they truly the thoughts that are haunting you? Or is it your own regret? A/N: The italics are the side of Duke that thinks that he should go back to Max and the others. He's got a pretty big internal conflict going on right now.[Chapter 5] A/N: Just to let you all know, Friday's update will likely be late. Also Max POV. So, uh...are we gonna eat today? No. 'Kay. Oh no. I can tell, even though it doesn't seem like it, that he's more concerned now. I just...don't know what to do. I want to look for Duke...but I don't want to get up. I know I should go let the Redeemed know I'm alive... But I can't. Why did he leave? Why? I don't know why I'm still asking this question. He already told me the answer. I did so many things to hurt him. I almost killed him ! I never deserved his trust or help. \"Max?\" \"Go away, Gidget.\" She leaves. But...if I can find him by myself... If I can prove that I do care... Maybe... Maybe he'll come back. The window's open. The window's open, and no one is watching me. I could get out. Look for Duke. There's no way for me to know if he came back to New York... But I can just feel it. He's here somewhere. And when I'm sure Katie and Gidget are both asleep... I hop out the open window and begin my search. As I walk down the dark street, a small amount of snow crunching beneath my feet, a chilly breeze hits me. Huh. I almost forgot that it's winter. That would be because this is the first time you've come outside for more than 5 seconds in like, a week. Still not sure this is a good idea, though. If I remember correctly, you were the first person to say ' I have no doubts that you'll be able to find him '. Okay, yeah, but...Max, I'm sorry, but I was just saying that to get you to move. Wh-what? Max...I know this seems cold, but you're the only person the Redeemed will listen to. You're the world's only chance. You don't have time to be distracted like this. Who knows what they could be planning? B-but Duke! I was being truthful, though. I don't doubt that you can get him to come back. But you've got to think about what should be your main priority: Duke, or the whole world? I-i don't know... And since I'm admitting this, I suppose I should come completely clean to you, Max. A year ago, when you first met Duke... I took over and made you try to get rid of him. I...I already knew that, Alpha! With all the property destruction and all... No...after that. After you guys ate all the sausage in that factory, I could feel that you had lost all ill intent towards Duke. However, earlier you had seemed to make it pretty clear that our primary objective was to get rid of him with any means necessary. So, in my undeveloped cognitive state, I assumed that you were just chickening out of what really needed to be done. So I started to manipulate you. When he mentioned his old owner, I forced you to pounce on the opportunity. I made you ask, and then I made you convince him to go back. And I made sure that you thought that you were doing it to help him. And when you got there, and everything happened, I made you act like you did. 'Maybe we should go.' I was tying up all the loose ends. Making sure that you felt like the victim. And if that animal truck hadn't shown up...it would have worked. As soon as he saved you from the animal control and I felt your genuine horror at your, no, my actions, I realized my mistake. So I helped you get him back. I know you hate me now, and I have no excuses. After a moment, I respond. ...I don't hate you. But I am upset with you. Look, Max. What I'm trying to say is that I've helped you get Duke back before, and I can do it again. Yeah, well, you won't be able to help much, considering that you can't control me anymore. About that... Gidget POV Ordinarily, the sound of birds chirping and sunlight flowing through the window would relax me. I suppose I should get up and try to get Max to eat. Wait...where is he? I rush around the apartment, searching for him. When I can't find him, I fear the worst. \"Tiberius!\" I bark from the roof, and moments later he swoops down, landing beside me. \"Yo.\" \"Tiberius, I need your help finding Max! He's run off, and I'm not sure what he's doing!\" \"Well, if what I've heard about him and Duke is true, then he's probably looking for him. Shouldn't take long to find him.\" He flies away, and true to his word, is back quickly, an unconscious Max in tow. \"Looks like he worked himself down to the bone. Let him rest.\" Max... When will you trust us again? Kristal POV \"What?\" I yelp. \"Are you positive?\" \"Yes, Supreme Commander.\" So, Max , you did survive. I'm impressed. You actually managed to make it to your stupid pet friends and that annoying owner. You were spotted wandering the streets alone last night. Unfortunately, due to certain circumstances, I can't pay you a visit myself. But know this: You don't have much longer to live. So I hope you enjoy it while you can.[Chapter 6] A/N: Duke POV today! I've been walking all day today. I've also successfully managed to avoid regretting my actions. Are you sure about that? It shouldn't be too much longer of a walk now. (I think) The numbers on the signs that say 'New York City' are getting smaller. If all goes well, (once again, not sure) I'll be there within the week. I wonder what Max is doing right now. He's probably fighting the Flushed Pets. Or maybe he's missing you. No. That's absurd. I need to keep myself focused. I don't want to miss my turn. All of a sudden, I hear a familiar screech before something lands beside me. \"Hey, Duke.\" Tiberius says. \"What are you doing all alone out here?\" \"Mind your own buisiness.\" I growl back. \"Don't tell anyone that you saw me.\" \"Alright,\" he sighs. \"For a price. If you tell me exactly what happened, I won't tell a soul.\" \"Fine. Max and I got into a fight and I ran away. That's all.\" \"Really?\" He asks, disbelief clear in his voice. \"Yes. Now go.\" \"Okay, okay.\" The hawk mutters before flying away. Are you sure you told him the full story? I told him all he needs to know. Hours pass and the sky darkens once more. I find another trench to lay down in. Suddenly, as I climb down the side of the road, I hear a growl. \"Hey, boys. Lookie over here. It's a little domestic doggie! Oi, doggie! What you doin' here? You belong in th' big city, not the countryside!\" \"That's none of your damn business.\" I growl right back. \"Who are you, anyways?\" \"Who we are isn't important, dog.\" Another shape grunts, emerging from the shadows. \"What matters is that this is our territory. And no one comes on our territory. Anything that does, well, that ends up as dinner.\" Oh no. I think I know what they are. \"Let's get 'im, boys!\" They're coyotes. I rush back up the hill, with them following closely behind. Crap, they're faster than I thought! I just gotta make it closer to the city. No matter what happens, they avoid getting too close to densely settled areas. I just don't know if I'll be able to hold out for long enough to get away. But I have to... ...for Max? ...for the same reason I left Max. To survive! With new resolve, I push myself harder than I ever have before. They're getting farther and farther behind. \"Wh-what's with this dog?\" One of them wheezes. \"Why is he so fast?\" I don't look back and just keep running. All of a sudden, I skid to a stop. Oh, crap. A few of them were waiting down the road. The rest of them form a ring, leaving me surrounded. No! This is not where my story ends! Determined, I sprint right through the ring and run even quicker. Come on... Come on... And as the night overtakes the day, I look back to see them turning and walking away. I slow down and lay in the trench. I must have just run at least as far as I walked today, I'll figure it out in the morning. NOTE: The AO3 version of this chapter has a bunch of swears, so if you're interested in that sort of stuff you can go check it out. Or not. I don't care. I also often do more detailed author's notes there, so there's that too.[Chapter 7] A/N: And here we are today with some Gidget POV. \"Max?\" \"Yeah, Gidget?\" \"Do you wanna come on a walk with me and Katie?\" After a moment, he responds with: \"Not this time.\" \"Okay.\" Hey, at least this time he actually seemed to be considering it. We're making progress. As soon as we exit, Tiberius lands beside me. \"You need me to do anything?\" He asks. \"Yes, it would be great if you could watch Max. Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. I had Katie leave the window open so you could get in if something happens.\" \"Roger that.\" He replies, then soars up to a spot by the window. \"Gidget?\" Katie asks me. \"Do you think Max will ever be okay again?\" \"If we can't find Duke...I'm not sure.\" \"That's what I thought...\" \"Gidget! Katie!\" Tiberius screeches from behind us. \"Get over here, quick!\" \"Max!\" I bark, turning around and sprinting as quickly as I can. Katie follows. We barge into the apartment to find 3 large animals of varying species crowded around Max, who hasn't moved an inch since we left. There's no way that it could be... But there's no one else it could be! How did they find out he was alive!? But more importantly, why isn't he doing anything about it!? They did so many terrible things! Is... Is he really so depressed that he doesn't care if the Flushed Pets kill him? Well, I'm not gonna let that happen! I charge into them, full force. Because I take them by surprise, 2 of them are knocked over. However, the remaining one dodges my attack completely. Impossible... How did this animal anticipate my attack perfectly without even knowing I'm here? Whatever. I need to get Max out of here. \"Katie!\" I bark. \"Get Max out of here! The apartment isn't safe anymore! I don't know how, but the Flushed Pets found out that he's still alive! I'll meet you in an hour at the rendezvous. If I'm not there, don't wait for me. Until then, keep moving !\" \"G-got it!\" She yelps and grabs him off the ground, startling him, and sprints to the car. \"So, Tiberius,\" I grin, looking at the hawk beside me. \"How about we put on a show? You get those two,\" I gesture to the two still on the ground. \"And I'll get this fella.\" \"Sounds fun.\" He chuckles back. \"Ready?\" \"You bet.\" I charge towards the large dog and perform one of my classic inescapable blows... And, once again, it's dodged. W-what is up with this dog!? \"You must be...what was it?\" He snickers. \"Oh, right. 'Gadget', right?\" \"As a matter of fact...\" I growl. \"It's Gidget !\" I rush at him once more, and this time he parries my attack and responds with an attack of his own, knocking me into the apartment's wall. \"Gidget!\" Tiberius shouts, then finishes off his opponents and charges the large dog. And misses completely. \"Tiberius...\" I cough. \"I think we may be outmatched.\" \"Wh-what?\" \"We only have one option.\" \"And that is?\" I rush towards the mutt, aiming a brief feint at his face before knocking his feet out from under him. \"To run away!\" I bark. \"Tiberius!\" I hop out the window and off the fire escape. Come on, Tiberius. Come on! I hear the telltale sound of wings flapping as I feel my descent stop. \"Really?\" Tiberius deadpans from above me. \"Hey, it worked, didn't it?\" \"Can't argue with that. So, where to?\" \"The rendezvous point. You know.\" \"Is it the place I almost killed Max?\" He sighs. \"The very same.\" A/N: Now...I'm off to go make the backlog even further ahead than the 8 chapters it has that you don't. I feel like kind of a jerk.[Chapter 8] A/N: Welcome to more Gidget POV. You're welcome. We land on the roof just as Katie arrives. \"Thank goodness you guys got out!\" She yelps. \"Where's Max?\" I ask, worried that he's not with her. \"He wouldn't get out of the car.\" She sighs. \"So you left him there!? When an entire army is out to kill him!?\" I bark. \" Tiberius, get me down there, now !\" He grabs me in his talons and dives straight off the roof of the building, towards Katie's car. Out of the corner of my eye, I see her running back down the staircase. We land next to the car, and Katie slams open the building's door behind us. Her breathing is labored, but she gets to the car and opens the door for us. Max's ears twitch a bit at the sound and he looks up at us tiredly (we're getting somewhere!). He almost looks...surprised about something? \"What is it, Max?\" I ask. \"You guys are okay?\" He murmurs. \"How'd you get through the Flushed Pets' base like that?\" \"Wait, what? Max, are you okay?\" \"You already know the answer to that question.\" He places his head back down on the seat. \"Max?\" I call softly. He makes a grunt of acknowledgement (Progress!). \"Do you know anywhere safe that we could go?\" He doesn't respond. \"Maybe a place with somewhere for you to lay down comfortably?\" Still nothing. \"Look, Max. If you don't stay safe, if you let the Flushed Pets kill you, you won't be able to find Duke.\" That gets his attention. \"In the north area of Central Park,\" He mutters, lifting his head slightly. \"There's a small lake. In the lake there's a large cave, devoid of water.\" \"How do you know about this?\" I ask bewildered, and Tiberius mumbles \"I'd like to know that, too.\" \"Because,\" Max says. \"That's where the Redeemed's base is.\" It's not too far of a swim under the lake. Max leads the way, for the cost of us 'leaving him alone until he comes to us' when we get there. When we finally arrive, Max taps the makeshift door in what's probably a secret knock. The door slightly opens and I can see a brown eye peeking out, it immediately shuts, and I can hear the muffled words 'It's TD!' shouted through the door. Then it opens again. I notice that Max has sulked behind all of us. \"Come in, come in!\" A familiar dog says. That's the dog that was with Max when he was with the Flushed Pets. \"I'm going to my room,\" Max announces, voice full of authority that I can tell is just a facade. \"Don't bother me until I come out.\" And I can tell that the other dog and familiar animals are just as unconvinced as I am. But for the sake of our promise, and for them, because he's their leader, we all respect his decision. Moments later, the door behind us explodes open. Standing there with a cruel grin on his face is the same dog I fought with Tiberius not even two hours ago. A/N: Oh snap. Well, hope you guys have fun with this cliffhanger. :D ... I'm a terrible person.[Chapter 9] A/N: Aaaaanddd welcome to the \"Duke-is-lost-in-the-middle-of-nowhere\" show! Make sure you sit in the seat specified on your ticket. Now let the show... Begin! (If you couldn't tell, it's Duke POV.) This isn't good. This isn't good at all. Yesterday I must have run further than I had intended. I think I missed my turn. None of the signs say 'New York City' anymore. I've got to find my way back. But if I turn around by myself, it'll probably be night by the time I get there. And if those coyotes see me again... That's not an option. I sit down and take a look at my surroundings. Hold on, what's that? In the distance, far across the field in front of me, I see the silhouette of a skyscraper. It must be that way! With new hope, I begin to move in that direction through the grain. But before long, I find myself collapsing. I ran too much yesterday. I need food. Food, water, and rest. Pulling myself to my feet, I continue moving (at a slower pace), hoping I'll be able to find at least one of those things as I travel. Once I arrive, none of those things will be a problem. Because you'll be able to go home? Because I'll be able to take food from humans, and water from Central Park, and rest in any one of the many alleyways. Just gotta keep walking. I then proceed to pass out from exhaustion. I wake up and look up at the sky, which has taken on an orange hue. It's almost night. I slept the whole day away... My stomach grumbles, reminding me of my hunger. I stand up with a cough. Oh yeah, I'm thirsty too. I hear the sound of small feet scurrying around nearby. I sniff the air as quietly as I can and, locating the scent, I pounce on it. I eat the rat, which will hold me for a few days at least, then continue heading towards the New York skyline, which is now lit up. Maybe it's best to travel at night. I mean, the coyotes are out and more likely to find me if I'm not moving, and the skyline is much easier to see. Maybe day should be for rest and night for movement. I find a stream after about two hours of walking and greedily drink from it. And as I continue walking, my thoughts stray from my goal once again. For some odd reason, I find myself missing Max. I shake myself out of it (literally) and keep moving. That's not important, Duke! You've got to keep going. If those coyotes catch and eat you, you'll have made running away for your safety pointless! But you still wish he was here. You're regretting what you did, aren't you? A/N: Yeah, deep, whatevs. NOTE: Friday's update has a...seven in ten chance of being pushed to Saturday. Just figured I'd let you all know. ... Also, I'm fifteen chapters ahead of schedule at the moment. ... I need to get a life. ~HoM[Chapter 10] A/N: Max POV. I'm not really sure how I'm feeling right now. The other day, Alpha told me everything. How he's been lying to me this whole time. How he's the one responsible for driving Duke away that first time, all those months ago. How he's been able to help all this time and chose not to. So when the apartment was attacked, I didn't even bother looking. I was too busy thinking to entertain these guys. I didn't even notice that Katie had picked me up until she placed me on the car seat. And when they asked me if I knew anywhere, I ignored them. I just needed them to leave me alone. But when they brought Duke into it, I couldn't stop myself. Maybe...maybe I am trying to let myself die subconciously. That might be what's happening. And it would be happening because I'm afraid. I'm afraid that Katie and Gidget will realize that it's my fault and abandon me. But I led them here. I led them to the Redeemed's base, and ordered everyone to leave me alone until I exit this room. Which I have no intentions of doing. Except to sneak out and search for Duke. Hey, Max? Yeah? Are you okay? I don't know. I hear a loud crash come from the lobby, but pretend I don't. What was that!? What was what? That noise! I didn't hear anything. You must be hearing things. Max, I'm serious! The others could be in trouble! I lay my head down on the hard stone floor. Max! And I tune him out. I'm sure he's still trying to speak to me. A short while later, I hear another, much louder sound. In fact... It was coming from my door. A huge dog stands there, grinning wickedly. I place my head back on the ground in boredom. He seems shocked by this, and Gidget takes him by surprise with a kick to the face. She leaves for a moment, dragging the unconscious dog along with her. Then she's back. \"What did I say, Gidget?\" I growl halfheartedly. I'm not sure how to feel right now. I don't even know if I want to live or if I want to die, let alone how to feel about Gidget. \"Max,\" She sighs. \"That was before this happened. I'm not going to just sit by and let you get hurt!\" \"Maybe that's what I deserve!\" I bark. \"This is all my fault, Gidget! All of it ! Duke leaving: my fault because of how I treated him! The Flushed Pets: my fault because I couldn't succeed in beating them! I'm just a selfish jerk who tries to be selfless and fails every time!\" \"Max, you can't keep beating yourself up over this! What are you so afraid of!? Do you think Katie and I are gonna just up and leave like Duke? We care about you , Max! We still will even if it kills us-\" \"You should go.\" I interrupt. She listens. And as I lay my head down for the fourth time since entering this room, a few stray tears fall from my eyes. Everything's falling apart. ... And I can't think of even a single thing I could do about it. Somehow, that seems to hurt more than anything else.[Chapter 11] A/N: Shameless Self-Promotion mode: On! Go now! Check out my Lady and the Tramp fic! And now, stay tuned for your regularly scheduled program. \"What the hell, Max!? You...You were about to die ! And you just.. you just sat there and let it happen!\" I bark, aggravated. You would think I'm talking to him, but... I'm just letting out my frustrations on this mirror. I know he's hurting, but that doesn't mean he can just let himself die! Judging from what he said, he blames himself. He thinks that Katie and I are going to abandon him. Maybe the first step in regaining his trust is to prove to him that he's wrong. But how will we do that? He won't even let us in his room, let alone talk to him. Right now, as far as I know, the only person I know that he trusts is Alpha. (And I don't even know for sure!) But there's no way for us to communicate with him, especially if we don't want Max to find out! \"What are you thinking about, Gidget?\" Katie asks tiredly from her corner of the room. \"I'm thinking we need to find someone who Max trusts in order to talk with him. But the only person I can think of is-\" \"Alpha.\" She finishes for me. \"In that case, I may have a solution.\" \"Oh?\" I question, interest piqued. \"When I was looking through some of Linda's stuff with Joel, I found something interesting. Apparently, she had known the Caged Domestics and was the one to confirm their suspicions of Alpha's existence. Well, in exchange, they began to help her with her research into a way to talk to Alpha personally. They taught her some basic psychic skills, and she took very detailed notes. Joel helped me understand a lot of it, and I managed to complete her concept. I'd been planning to perfect it before trying it, but judging by Max's actions we may not have that luxury.\" \"A-are you saying what I think you are?\" I gape. \"I would assume so. With the help of the now deceased Linda and Caged Domestics, I have developed a possible method of privately communicating with Alpha.\" \"So we actually have a chance!?\" \"It would seem that way.\" \"Awesome! Come on, let's try it out!\" \"Don't be so hasty, Gidget. It requires both me and Max to be within 5 feet of each other. We'll need to figure out an excuse for that first. If he gets suspicious, he won't let either of us close enough.\" \"Wait, what do you mean 'either of us'? You can't be saying-\" \"That is what I'm saying. It kills me to say it, but he probably trusts you more than me right now. You're the back up plan. I'm gonna teach you how to do it, too.\" A/N: Yay more psychic bullshit ... This series gets less and less believable as it goes on.[Chapter 12] A/N: And it's finally time to hear from Duke again! Yay! After several grueling days nights of travel, I've made it. I am finally back. I'm in New York City. You can go home and see Max! I can find all the food and water I'll need. I don't need him. I don't. The familiar bright lights help me as I examine my surroundings, trying to place myself. I...think I'm close to Central Park... That might be the best place to stay. But it also might be the riskiest. Max's father Anthony lives there. If he were to see me, I don't think there's a thing I could do to prevent him from telling Max. But he would only rush to tell him if he knew . Judging from Tiberius' questions, Max hasn't told any of his friends about it. Which makes it even more likely that he hasn't told anyone outside of the apartment. It's settled. I'll go to Central Park. It's really the best option for finding a comfortable home. Or maybe you just want to run the 'risk' of getting found. It's been about 2 days. I saw Anthony once yesterday, but he didn't see me. To be honest, life's been pretty great for me since I got back to the city. And yet there's still something you won't admit you want to do. Nah. You must be insane, weird voice in my head. Huh. So this must be how Max feels when he's dealing with Alpha. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. You still want to go see them. But hey, looks like you won't need to! They're right over there. Astonished, I look around and spot a very unkempt, tired, and depressed looking Jack Russell Terrier leading a white Pomeranian, a hawk, and an adult human somewhere. W-wait, that's Max!? I duck behind a rock but continue to observe them. It can't be! He looks so hopeless! Almost like he was forced into doing whatever it is he's doing. After a little while of walking (with me following from the shadows), they jump into a lake and don't come back up. Could that be where the Redeemed have their base? Not too long after, I watch several other animals jump in. They're Flushed Pets! You have to help them! No, I don't. That's why I left, remember? So that I wouldn't have to worry about this anymore. It isn't my problem. But you care about them! You care about him! Are you just going to sit here and let them die, knowing that you could have done something to help? I think we're done here. I turn away and return to the spot I had made my home. A/N: Well, that was disappointing. At least Duke's POV is finally caught up with the rest of the story.[Chapter 13] A/N: Now back to your regularly scheduled Gidget POV. So, Katie's teaching me the basics of human communication because 'it would be easier' if I 'had prior experience in communicating with foreign methods'. We've been at it for around 4 and a half days. Max is still in the room. Oh, yeah, should probably tell you what that means. Basically, I'll be able to understand humans more effectively and when necessary I'll be able to speak and they will all be able to understand. It'll be helpful in the long run, but it's really hard. Linda, Joel, and Katie all got it easy. They were either born with the ability to understand animals or given it, no effort required. This is so much harder. \"Okay, now I need you to focus as hard as you can on what I've taught you. Divert all of your inner energy towards making me understand you.\" Katie tells me. \"We can work on the other part later when we have more time. I'm gonna stop my passive animal communication abilities and see how well you do. 3...2...1...go!\" \"I really hope this is working,\" I grunt, annoyed. \"Because I'm getting sick of it.\" \"And...done.\" Katie says. \"Alright, you did pretty well. I heard '...hope...working...getting...sick'. So I got the gist of what you were saying.\" \"Is that enough?\" I ask, whole-heartedly hoping it is.\" \"For now. Next step is to get you pushing your words into someone's head.\" \"...that'll be more difficult, won't it?\" She sighs and responds \"Yep.\" I walk across the underground room later that night. But before I can arrive at my spot in front of Max's door and lay down, I'm interrupted. \"So, uh...you're Max's girlfriend, right?\" a male Labrador asks from my side. Oh yeah, he's the one that let us in a few days ago! The one (we think) Max knew well. \"Yeah...\" I murmur. \"But, I mean, at the moment, he's not really in any relationships.\" \"I was meaning to ask about that.\" He replies. \"My name is Jack. You probably recognize me. I was working with Max when we were in the Flushed Pets. I'm also the one who knocked you out that one time. He left me in charge in the case that something happened to him. We thought he was dead, but now that he's back it almost seems worse. Something did happen, didn't it?\" \"Well, Jack... I don't know if I'm at liberty to tell you this. I would try and ask him, first. I already know how he'll most likely react, but I really shouldn't tell you.\" \"Oh...Okay. Thanks anyways.\" He smiles and begins to walk off. I can see why Max liked (likes?) him. He's pretty kind, as far as I can tell. \"You know, I can see why Max is attracted to you.\" He winks at me as he grows further away. \"H-hey!\" I yelp. \"Paws off, buddy!\" \"Okay, okay.\" He snickers in response. \"I was just joking!\" I can't help but laugh as well. \"Wait!\" I call after him and he stops. \"Before you go, I want to learn more about you and Max.\" \"Oh, alright.\" He grins, moving back towards me as we both sit in a corner. \"What did you want to know?\" \"Well, how did you two meet?\" \"Oh...uh...well, if we're starting at the beginning, I'm gonna need you to promise that you won't attack me. Max told me how you can get.\" \"Fine.\" I chuckle. \"How bad could it be, anyway?\" \"So, we met for the first time about... 4 years ago? Yeah, sounds about right. I was on patrol with my first squad, my family. We found a small Jack Russell puppy in a box on the side of the street in the middle of a snowstorm. I insisted that we take him in, and the pack allowed it, on the condition that he paid us back and we brought him to the box again after the storm.\" \"What did you mean by...paying you back?\" I ask, horrified for the answer. I just realized that I recognize this guy from somewhere else, too... Back when Duke first showed up, I hired some mercenaries to get rid of him. They were all Labs, and one of them looked exactly like him. And they put him in the hospital. \"I mean...we hurt him. A lot. We tortured him physically. At first, I wouldn't do it. I refused. But then, they threatened to disown me and do the same terrible things to me.\" After a moment, I ask him to continue his story. I learned a lot about Max today. And I feel all the more sorry for sending those exact mercs at him. A/N: See you with chapter 14 in a few mins because I won't be available on Friday.[Chapter 14] A/N: Here you go. Still Gidget POV. \"I don't think Max will be in any condition to lead the Redeemed anytime soon.\" I confide to Jack. \"With the nature of what happened... - I still can't tell you, by the way - he just...won't.\" \"I guess I understand. But the problem is they won't follow me into battle, now that they know Max is alive.\" He replies. \"Hmm. I have an idea,\" I tell him. \"But I'll let it wait until tomorrow. For now, I think I'm gonna go on a patrol outside.\" \"Oh, uh...can I come too? You shouldn't go out alone, the Flushed Pets could surprise you.\" \"Sure, if you can keep up.\" I grin, and rush out the door. \"Hey! Get back here!\" We've been walking for a little while. Jack makes some pretty good company. \"So then, after Katie and Duke took Max out of there, I ran over and gave Tiberius a big old slap.\" \"Amazing.\" \"I know, and then- wait, can you hear that?\" There's some strange noise...it almost sounds like a whimper. We approach the noise cautiously and find that it's coming from a bush. I signal for him to stay back, and I move in. No way... It's... It's a puppy. A sleeping little tan and white puppy. I lightly pick it up in my mouth, and bring it back to Jack, I place it on the ground gently and say \"It must have been having a nightmare. Looks like someone abandoned it out here. We should take him in.\" \"Okay, but how do we get him to the underwater cave ?\" \"Easy. I dug an escape tunnel, just incase.\" \"Wh-when did you have the time to do that!?\" \"I always find a way.\" I wink before picking it up and leading Jack to the previously mentioned tunnel. I hop right next to a sleeping Katie and whisper-bark \"Katie!\" into her ear. \"Huh?\" She asks. \"Oh, hey Gidget, what's up?\" \"I was on patrol outside and I found this.\" I say, then lift the pup onto her lap. \"What? Where did you find it?\" \"It was whimpering to itself under a bush.\" \"Someone just left it there? Wow... well, it looks to me like... he's a Corgi. A Pembroke Welsh Corgi, to be exact. When he wakes up, you should get him cleaned off. Sure could use it. We'll figure out what to do with him from there.\" \"I'm gonna go get some sleep,\" I tell her. \"I'll leave 'im here if that's okay with you.\" \"Yeah, sure.\" \"Thanks, Katie.\" \"Don't mention it.\" So I return to my spot in front of Max's door and lay down. Sleep arrives. A/N: Imma go now.[Chapter 15] A/N: And we're finally back in Max POV for a chapter. Hey, Max? Yeah? You...feelin' up to bein' helpful yet? ...Not particularly. Okay. By the way, your girlfriend's here. \"What do you want, Gidg?\" I sigh. \"Nothing. I just thought I'd see what you've been up to.\" \"Cut the crap, Gidget. You know what I've been up to.\" \"Fine. I just thought I could spend some time relaxing with you. Is that too much to ask?\" Still suspicious, I leave her be. What the hell is that strange feeling? What are you talking about? It's almost like someone is trying to- ohhhh, I get it. Nevermind, Max. Nothing to be worried about. I'm not quite sure I believe you. Well, I mean, it's not like you would care if it was. ...fair point. I lay my head back down on the cold stone and continue to watch Gidget. She looks like she's thinking pretty hard about something... 'Alpha...can...hear...?' What the heck was that!? Alpha, did you hear that? Hear what? I'm being serious! Alpha! Alpha! Damnit, he's pulling a me and ignoring me! 'Alpha...respond if...hear this.' Loud and clear, dog. Hold on a minute... That sounds like Gidget! Why is she trying to talk with Alpha!? And how!? \"Gidget!\" I bark. \"What the hell do you think you're doing! I can hear you!\" \"Crap!\" She yelps and rushes out of the room. I don't know how she did it, but... They're trying to manipulate me. using the one person I actually trust right now. But that just raises the question: Is it really manipulation if they just want me to do something that I know is the right thing? A few hours later, Katie brings in a small puppy. Curious, I look up at her, but tell her \"I already know that you can somehow talk to Alpha, and I don't want you to even try it.\" \"Alright,\" She sighs. \"I just wanted you to meet Bailey.\" She places the Corgi on the ground in front of me. The puppy runs towards me (as fast as it can on it's short, tubby legs) and barks unintelligibly a few times. \"Hey there.\" I chuckle but don't move from my spot. *Bark* *Bark* Is my response. He then proceeds to begin running circles around me. I give up trying to follow him and lay my head back down. He sees this, comes closer and snuggles up with me. At first, I tense up, but when I remember that he doesn't understand because he's so little, I let it slide. I'm not going to fall asleep. I'm not. ... I do. A/N: Note: Conversations between characters mentally will be displayed something like this: POV Character's dialogue. 'Other character's response.' 'Alpha's response.'[Chapter 16] A/N: More Gidget POV with another attempt at talking to Alpha! \"So, my plan is to tell them that Max isn't in the best condition to lead them and that I can take his place until he's feeling more up to it.\" I explain. Jack snickers a bit and tells me straight out: \"That won't work. They'll demand to know why . Something you haven't even told me yet.\" \"I've already explained to you why I can't-\" \"And I get it. They won't. They're a rowdy bunch. Honestly, I'm surprised Max could keep them under control. I struggle with it.\" \"Wait...maybe they'll listen to you!\" \"Not likely. They're content to just hold off on attacking the Flushed Pets until he comes out of that room and leads them into it. And considering that the only thing he actually acts like a normal person to is the damn puppy, that's probably not happening anytime soon.\" That's right, he doesn't know about Alpha. ... It's probably best to keep it that way. Who knows what he'll think. \"Hmm...\" \"Look, Gidget, I'm not trying to say that it's an awful idea. Hell, with anyone else, it'd probably work. But not these guys. They used to be Flushed Pets, remember?\" \"Yeah...\" \"Hey, I bet they'll go after him once enough time has passed, and then he'll have no choice but to come out.\" \"Hold on, have you tried? He trusted you a bunch, didn't he?\" \"Yeah, but... I don't want to disobey his orders.\" When he sees my face, he elaborates. \"It's more respect than trust. He respects me for helping save him from his whole 'self-destruct' plan and listening to him. I respect him for leading both me and the Redeemed properly. But if one of us loses that respect, our whole relationship will fall apart. So it's better for me to just listen, unless there's no other choice.\" \"I understand. I'm gonna go check on him. You can go patrol or something.\" I wave goodbye. \"Later.\" He grins back. I head to Max's room and enter. He's found a ball somewhere and is hitting it to Bailey, who will hit it back seconds after. He still looks to be in deep thought. When Bailey notices me and barks multiple times, he's shaken out of it and looks over in my direction. The Corgi puppy runs over. Max simply lays his head back down. Well... I might as well try to talk with Alpha again. I've got nothing to lose. I close my eyes and shift all my focus to Alpha. I can feel Max's mind. Last time, I made the mistake of not isolating Alpha enough. Max still caught snippets of my speech. I need to be more careful this time. ... Okay, now I've completely distinguished the two separate consciousnesses inside of Max's body. There's one I can feel a large amount of sadness coming from, and one that seems to be almost entirely composed of dominance, but also containing compassion and empathy. Grinning to myself, I delve into this one. 'I'm serious, Max! You should talk to her!' 'I think I'm good.' 'Okay.' A few moments pass without Max responding. Now's my chance, I guess. Alpha! I call out. Can you still hear me? 'Loud and clear again. But, you know, you probably shouldn't be doing this.' Yes, but I'm pretty sure I did it properly this time. We would know if I hadn't... Max will only hear us if he tries to talk with you. Or if I lose focus. 'Okay, then I guess it's safe to talk about what I know you're here to talk about: Max.' Yeah. Listen, I need you to get him to help. 'I know, and I've been trying, okay? Even to me, he's blocking himself off.' Well, you're probably the only one who can change that.` 'How so?' You simply need to help him get a little closer to finding Duke. If you can do that, he'll probably trust you just as much as before, if not more. 'That's...actually a pretty good idea. I've figured out some things that he probably hasn't. I just need to tell him and poof.' And if that doesn't work, I suppose we could try and get the pup to convince him.' 'Pfft. I like you.' Well, of course you do! You are part of Max, after all. '...I hate you.' Don't lie, honey! Later! As I back my mind away from Max's, I let out a quiet sigh of relief. I did it. I managed to talk with Alpha. A/N: yay success![Chapter 17] A/N: #shortchapter #notsorry #nextonewillbelatetoo #KrystalPOV #wow Honestly, I'm surprised by what I've learned. Apparently, Max's mutt ran away and he's so caught up about that that he doesn't give two shits about anything else. In the end, it works to my advantage, though. That'll probably buy me just enough time to be ready for him when he finally gets here. Sorry, if he finally gets here. I suppose I should send another squad at them, to keep them on their toes. What's most important to me, though, is that he refuses to move an inch. I have so much room to assert my dominance over him now. I'll start with the bitch. Killing her in front of him may be just enough to get him to snap. If not, killing the human will, so she'll be next on the agenda. After that, I guess I'll round up all of his friends and exterminate them one by one as he looks on, unable to do a thing. And after that... Well, I'll find the mutt, and have him executed as well. And then, I'll finally gift the small dog, covered in his own tears and the blood of everyone he holds dear, with some reprieve, and finally extinguish the flames of the Redeemed. After pondering over this fantasy for a while, I drop it. As amazing as it sounds, it won't work. No, nothing that simple ever works with Max. As soon as he snaps, I'd be forced into hell. He's surprisingly tough even without getting mad. No match for me, but still a force to be reckoned with. But what could happen if he let himself be consumed by pure anger scares even me. Especially because I know what happens when the bitch gets pissed over him. She could actually be a threat then. So as tempting as it is, that plan isn't an option. I have to go with the one that's already in motion. But what I will do is send a squad in tomorrow, tell them to look for Max, have fun doing it, and bring him back to me alive. Do I expect them to get that far? No. But it'll be an interesting experiment, keep them concerned, and have the possibility of getting Max into my possession. So it's a win-win for me. \"Everyone!\" I call. \"I have an announcement!\"[Chapter 18] A/N: Next chapter'll be up in a moment. I'll talk then. Gidget POV. I am woken in the morning by Bailey repeatedly ramming into me. \"what do you want, Bail?\" I ask groggily. He begins to jump around and pushes a ball towards me with his head, barking as he does it. \"go ask Max if you want to play.\" I tell the poor little Corgi. Unaffected by my words, he continues barking in my face. 'I think he'd rather play with you .' A-alpha!? 'Sup?' How did you-? 'I'm a really fast learner.' Okay, but who taught you? 'I felt you do it.' So you basically just learned how to butt into people's heads by watching me do it? 'Well, I mean, technically I've been butting into Max's head for like a year now, but you could put it that way.' I let out a sigh of exasperation and turn back to Bailey. \"Okay, I'll play with you.\" I relent, pushing the ball back at him. He barks happily in response. \"Gidget!\" Katie shouts all of a sudden. \"We need to get Bailey to a safe place NOW !\" \"What do you me-?\" My question is interrupted by a loud rumble echoing through the cave. The entrance was destroyed once again. And behind the door are some very happy looking Flushed Pets. Immediately, I grab Bailey and barge into Max's room. I drop him on top of the Jack Russell because I know that even if he's ready to let himself die, he will not let this puppy die if he can help it. Katie slams the makeshift door behind me as I exit, and we turn towards the intruders. The noise has attracted each member of the Redeemed, and they all look ready to fight. The Flushed Pets simply grin. \"Looks like we'll be havin' some fun this mornin'.\" \"Not on my watch,\" I say, stepping towards them. Tiberius lands beside me, leering at them menacingly. Jack skids to a stop next to me and glares as well. The sound of two tranquilizer guns cocking is heard from Katie's direction. \"You're just provin' our point, sunshine.\" One chuckles. \"You're nothin' compared to us.\" \"You sure?\" \"Positive.\" \"The table has been set...\" I respond. \"...now let us begin!\" The Flushed Pet finishes.[Chapter 19] A/N: Talk at the end of the chapter. Starts in Gidget POV. I charge the black Lab in the lead, and beside me, the others are doing the same towards their respective opponents. I aim a blow to his face and am surprised as he doesn't try to dodge it, rather he goes in for his own blow, and due to his longer legs his hits first. Damn...he's smart. He aims another kick but I slip under it and kick him in the ribs, launching him into the roof. Or at least, I would, if he hadn't hit me with another paw before I got the chance. I begin to chuckle. \"I may actually enjoy myself here.\" He does the same. \"That's the spirit, sunshine.\" I move in for one of my signature slaps but am completely subverted and hit with one myself, sending me flying into the wall. \"Gidget!\" Katie yelps. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine.\" I murmur and notice her setting her sights on the Lab. \"No! This is my fight!\" I sprint towards him and slam straight into him, managing to send him toppling to the ground. I take my chance and attempt another slap, only for my paw to get caught in his mouth. I shake him off and kick him into the wall. He kept up with me for a while, but in the end, it just wasn't meant to be. \"See how you like it.\" Meanwhile, everyone else is having their own troubles. Tiberius POV So, I've paired myself up with the Flushed Pets' female Eagle. And man is she a good fight. I perform the same talon stab I had done on that rooftop with Max and Gidget, and it is completely dodged. She's fast ! Grinning, I parry her attempt to slice me with her claw and headbutt her right in the wing. Her body smashes into the ceiling of the cave, leaving me smirking. Evidently, that wasn't the best choice, as I've now been on the receiving end of a large cut. And boy, does it kill. When I'm done, I'm gonna apologize to Max again. But that cut just motivates me to go even faster, Within moments, I've given her a matching one. And she's got more scrapes and small cuts than me overall. I should have no trouble finishing her off. I grin, and look down to notice a Labrador (not the Flushed Pets' one, Gidget's friend) struggling with his own opponent. And I can see exactly why. It's the same one that Gidget had trouble with. Jack POV This is some bullshit! But no matter what, I can't let this huge guy anywhere near Max and Bailey! \"You should just give up, runt!\" He snickers. Fed up with him, I charge him, but he just steps out of the way and hits me with a heavy kick, slamming me into the floor. I use the opportunity and give a full force kick right into his stomach, causing him to stumble. Max and Gidget's human - Katie, was it? - comes and pulls out her tranq. guns, but the beast jumps on top of her, knocking her down. This isn't good... Not good at all. Having run out of choices, I sprint into Max's room. \"Max!\" He looks up at me. \"You have to come out! We need your help! We need you! If you don't come out, everyone you care about will die! Katie, Gidget, Bailey! Duke! You need to come out!\" He just looks at me blankly. \"Fine!\" I bark. \"I can see where your priorities lie!\" I turn away and do a drop kick straight into the beast. Gidget and Tiberius both finished fighting theirs... Damn it! Why is this guy so difficult to beat!? Gidget and Tiberius join me in attacking, and still, he's too much for us. Shit! He's slapped the two of them both into the door to Max's room, smashing it open. They both look powerless under the rubble, unable to move it. The giant's attention turns to me. Shit. Well, looks like this is the end for me. I close my eyes, unable to watch I'm sorry for letting you all down, guys. Gidget, Tiberius, Katie, Bailey. And even you Max. But right before I expect to feel the pain of a huge paw slamming into me at full force, I instead hear a loud smacking sound. I open my eyes and am shocked to see Max standing there. The large dog is on the ground, grunting in pain. \"No one gets to hurt my friends...my family... \" He growls, in the scariest voice I've ever heard from him. \" And get away with it! \" A/N: It's finally time. Max is back in action.[Chapter 20] A/N: Hi i'm a procrastinator. This is Max POV. Bye! Gidget just barged in and dropped Bailey on top of me. Max- Let me guess. We're being attacked and you want me to help. Well- Listen, Alpha. We've been over this. The confused puppy looks at me, then starts to bark happily. \"Hey, squirt.\" I grin. Max! This isn't just about you and your family! This is about the whole world! I ignore him and continue to play with the young Corgi. Fine. I can see why Duke left. Wow. That hurt. But I don't show it. I just keep playing. After a while, he's tired himself out and lays down in the corner. I do the same on my bed, and noticing this he rushes over and pushes himself in next to me. But just as I'm about to fall asleep, the door bursts open. Standing there is Jack the Labrador. \"Max!\" He barks. I stare at him. \"You have to come out! We need your help! We need you!\" I told yo- Shut it, Alpha. \"If you don't come out, everyone you care about will die! Katie, Gidget, Bailey! Duke! You need to come out!\" I keep my face as straight as I can as I continue staring. I can't let him get to me. If I go out and fight, I may never be able to prove that I care. But if I don't... they could die. \"Fine! I can see where your priorities lie!\" And just like that, he's gone. And I am left to peace and quiet. Or at least for about twenty seconds. Suddenly, the door is smashed to bits by the bodies of Gidget and Tiberius, who get buried under the rubble. I am horrified by the state they're both in. I just stood by and let them get hurt. And they got hurt...to protect me! I just let it happen! I...I can't do that! A hulking dog moves towards a motionless Jack. I won't watch anymore! I...I can feel it slipping... The grinning beast raises his front paw, preparing a final blow. And I won't watch this ANYMORE! All of a sudden, I've rushed the giant and hit him with my strongest kick, preventing him from completing his strike. Jack looks up at me in shock. \"No one...\" I growl. \"And I mean no one ...gets to hurt my friends...my family... \" The monstrous dog isn't smiling anymore. \" And get away with it! \" In an instant, I'm behind the mutt and hit him with all of my strength. He's sent flying all the way to the other side of the room, but he lifts himself up within seconds. Damn. He's tough. Let's see how long that lasts. \"How'd you get behind me, prick!?\" He grunts, annoyed. I don't give him a response and simply walk towards him. \"Hmph. You're trying to be intimidating, aren't you? Well, here's a fact: I'll never be scared of a small fry like yo-\" I interrupt his sentence with a spin kick to the face. Hey, I've always wanted to do that! Really? Me too. ...Full force barrage? Full force barrage. Not even allowing him the time to recover, I hit him with a flurry of blows. I'm pretty sure I feel a few ribs crack under my paws. I take my chance, force my mouth around his front paw, and bite down, destroying the bone. \"Shit!\" He yelps. \" How was that? \" I chuckle. \" Scared of me now? Now, this is your last chance. Leave this place and never come back. Promise me you won't. Do that, and I won't kill you.\" \"Y-you...you're different...what happened?\" \"I guess you could say I made a realization. But that's not important to you. Go, or you won't be able to.\" All of a sudden, his shoulders begin to rumble. Is he...snickering? Suddenly, I find myself crushed beneath him. \"You shouldn't underestimate your opponents, Tiny Dog!\" He laughs maniacally. \"It's not over until someone's dead! Do or die, as I like to say!\" Okay...this is a lot more painful than that time Duke sat on me. I'm getting sick of this guy. Should we do the thing? Guess so. I begin to laugh myself, which leads him to stop from confusion. \"Wh-what are you doing?\" \"Who, me?\" I smirk. \" I'm just laughing about what's about to happen to you. \" Taking advantage of his surprise, I poke my paws right into his eyes, causing him to cry out in excruciating pain. Before he falls over, I slide out from underneath him. With a loud 'BUMP', he's been taken down. I turn back to my friends and family and chuckle. Katie helped Gidget and Tiberius out, so everyone's standing. They're staring at me, all appearing equally shocked. \"What?\" I ask. \"Holy. Shit.\" Gidget yelps, and then rushes towards me. She hops on me, knocking me over. \"Max, that was amazing! You've barely got a scratch on you.\" \"Hey!\" I bark as she lands on me. \"And it really wasn't anything special. It doesn't even begin to make up for the way I've acted recently.\" \"Max, don't beat yourself up.\" Katie tells me. \"You lost someone important to you. What matters is that you came when we needed you most.\" \"I guess.\" I murmur. \"Now,\" Katie says. \"Let's get everyone's wounds treated.\" So you're sure you're ready for this? Yes, Al. 'Positive?' Yes, Gidg. And get out of my head. Why are you even here? 'I dunno...' Well, I'll see you later. Ok? Love you. God, this is like watching a romantic comedy. 'Ok, bye Ma- wait, what the fuck did you just say about romantic comedies, Alpha?' Okay, Gidget, go. You need to relax. ...I'm horrified. Don't diss romcoms. Especially not in front of Gidget. So I've gathered. Anyways, you should really start your speech. Okay. Wish me luck. I walk up in front of the podium and begin. \"Redeemed! It has been a while, hasn't it?\" I receive a mixed response, somehow. \"Well, it's been over a month. Is that better? Anyways, I've been...distracted...recently, so I've been unable to properly lead you. But no more. Starting today, my primary goal is to locate and put an end to the Flushed Pets. Primarily Kristal. But that's personal now. As I was saying, we will begin looking for intel. Finding their patrols, following our prisoners when they 'escape', etc. Once we can discover the location, we'll mount a full-scale assault, and end them once and for all. Any questions?\" No one says a word. \"Good. Then we can begin.\"[Chapter 21] A/N: Duke POV. Important news at the end of the chapter. It's been a while. I hadn't seen any of them for a few days before I spotted Gidget walking with another dog one night. It had sounded like she was telling stories. I quickly hid myself to avoid detection. I don't know how Max would react if he had seen me (wherever he was) or anything about that other guy, but I know that she wouldn't stop chasing me down, ever. Luckily, they spotted something and left with it. I don't know or care what it was. You sure? Yes. As I was saying, they walked off carrying something. They've been coming out every night since then. But today, something was different. Gidget and the Labrador were both not looking their best. And something else was different. For the first time... Max was with them. And he looked like he was back to normal. He was laughing with them and actually seemed motivated to do what he needed to. Almost like the dog that I used to think I could trust. But that's just what he looked like on the outside. Inside, he was still sad. But he was doing his best to do the right thing. He's acting differently. It seems like he's realized what needs to be done. Where his priorities lie. That's not enough. Max is still a danger to those around him. Just look at his friends! They've both sustained injuries, probably trying to protect him! Hell, knowing him, that's probably what it took to get him to take action! If he hadn't watched them get hurt, nothing would have changed. Nothing. I'm not sure you even believe what you're saying. You're wrong... I do... Honestly, I bet this is just a phase. In a few days, he'll lose all of this 'motivation' and go right back to the way he was. That's just the way he is. He's selfish by nature. I'm not saying that that's his fault, but... Wanting to save the world and being selfish... Those are two things that really don't go together. A/N: Brothers'll be on break for a short while so I can catch up on my backlog. Give it a week or two.[Chapter 22] A/N: Hey, guys! I'm back! This chapter's in Max POV. So, uh...Max? What's up, Al? Okay, well, first off, I'm putting a moratorium on that right now. ...what's a moratorium? It's a prohibition of an activity. Ohhhh! Yeah, no. I'm gonna keep calling you 'Al', and there's nothing you can do about it. Shit. Well, it was worth a shot. Anyways, what's the plan? I thought I already explained this. Yeah, you explained the long term plan. What about the short term? What do you mean? This is the short term plan. I'm...not sure I follow. It'll be quick and easy. I already know where their base is. I was there, remember? Okay, but do you really think that they'd stay in the same place after a war prisoner escapes? ...you raise a fair point, but there's no harm in trying. I guess you've got a point, too. You catch that, Gidget? 'You bet!' Hold on, Gidg, when did you get here? 'Alpha pulled me in.' Wait, are you trying to say that Al ca- 'Yep.' Oh. Huh. So we'll take a small squad, probably me, you, Katie, Jack, and Tiberius, and we'll go investigate. Sound good to you two? Sounds fine to me. 'Me too!' Then it's settled. I'll go inform everyone. As the five of us step out of Gidget's escape tunnel (Yeah, it's far more convinient than the main gate. Who wants to swim through a dirty lake when you can climb through a dirty passageway instead?), we quickly notice someone I haven't seen in...over a month... He doesn't look too happy. I'll bet. \"Max!\" The older dog barks at me. \"Where on earth have you been!? You promised you wouldn't do that again!\" \"I'm sorry, dad! It's just...something happened. I'll tell you about it later. You can come with us, if you want. Or you can just wait here. Either way's fine to me.\" \"Alright, I'll come. Where are you going?\" He asks. \"We're going to a suspected current or past Flushed Pet base.\" Jack butts in. \"We might be attacked, so if you don't think you can handle it, you should stay here.\" \"As I said,\" My father glares. \"I'll go. But what are you guys doing chasing down the Flushed Pets? They're a dangerous lot. Idealistic, too.\" \"I know that all too well...\" I murmur. Sorry to interrupt, but we should probably get moving. Yeah, you're right. \"Okay, guys. Let's get moving.\" \"Hey, I recognize this place!\" Gidget calls. Tiberius adds on \"Yeah, we were here the other day. It's also where I...nearly killed Max... Sorry again about that.\" This causes my father to glare at him. \"Dad.\" I grunt. \"It's okay. I already forgave him. And Tiberius, that would be because it is. I just remembered that we were here. I think I had said something like 'how did you guys get through the Flushed Pet's base?'.\" \"Hey,\" Jack says, continuing the conversation about murder attempts. \"I think almost everyone here has tried to kill Max at least once, minus you and Katie, so... And I wouldn't know about what you said, Max, because I was busy leading the Redeemed for you.\" \"I said I was sorry!\" Gidget yelps. \"And Max, now that you mention it, I do remember that. But there could still be clues.\" \"Okay, so let's split up.\" I say, taking control of the situation. \"Jack, Katie, and Tiberius, you check floors 1 through 20, as thoroughly as you can. Gidget, Dad, and I will check the top 20 floors.\" \"Sorry, Max, but I think I'm gonna have to disagree with this arrangement.\" Tiberius says. \"I'm gonna stay with Gidget, no matter what you say, so...\" \"Fine, but only if the other two agree. Katie, Jack, will you two be okay on your own?\" \"Yeah, we'll be good.\" Katie speaks for the first time since we've gotten here. \"Alright, let's roll!\"[Chapter 23] A/N: Here, have some Jack POV. It's been a while. (Longer than it should have been.) Alright, I suppose this is my chance to get to know Katie. All I really know about her at the moment is that she's Max, Gidget, and Duke (where is he, anyways?)'s owner, and that she can understand us. \"So, uh, the name's Katie, right?\" I begin, then cringe at myself internally. \"Yep,\" she replies. \"And you're Jack?\" \"That's me.\" ... Silence fills the area as we continue to search the third floor. \"So what do you do for fun?\" I ask. \"Well, my main hobby is taking care of Max, Gidget, and...Duke...\" The human pauses for a moment before continuing. \"But I do other things, too. I used to love going camping, and that's why I took them all on a trip for Max's birthday. I had a ton of things planned, but... well, let's just say they were...forgotten.\" Not wanting to pry, I change the subject. \"So what's with Max and Gidget? Are they dating, or...?\" She seems grateful towards my digression, and answers, \"Well, before Max stopped doing...well, anything, really, they were. I would assume they are again. Hell, I hope they are again. When they first got together I told them they were my OTP, and they still are.\" \"...What's an OTP?\" I ask, confused. \"Oh, that's a 'One True Pair'.\" \"Okay, that makes sense.\" (LINE) So, we've gotten through about 12 floors now. We're over halfway done. And I've gotta say, I can see why Max and Gidget like this woman so much. She's kind, and helpful, and overall fun to talk with. But as I was saying, we're on floor 12. And I just found our first clue. Maybe. I'm not really sure. \"Hey, Katie?\" I call. \"Is this a clue?\" She enters the room and takes a look. \"Looks like some kind of field code...\" She mutters. \"Could be. Don't know how, but somehow at least one of the FP learned how to write. Not too legibly, but still. This list of places that's literally titled 'List of Potential Compounds' will help for sure.\" \"I...would assume so.\" \"But...\" She says, concentrating on the untidy scrawls. \"These don't make any sense. Hold on, maybe they were smart enough to make a code. If we want to crack it, the easiest way would be to find a cipher. It's very likely that there's one somewhere in the building, so we should keep looking.\" \"Not that you'll be getting the chance to do that.\" A voice chuckles from the background. We turn around and are shocked with the sight of two Flushed Pet Elites. And they do not look happy. Standing directly across from me is a black-and-brown German Shepard, grinning sadistically. Beside her, facing Katie, is a giant Bernese Mountain Dog. ... Well shit. A/N: Excellently phrased, Jack![Chapter 24] A/N: Max POV. Have fun. \"So, anyways, Gidg, that big guy I devastated was a Flushed Pet Elite. Basically, as their title suggests, they're exceptionally well trained and incredibly strong. To be honest, I'm not even sure how I beat him.\" I inform her as we dig through some rubble on the thirty-third floor. \"That's interesting...\" She ponders. \"Maybe Alpha had a hand in it? I don't know. He did tell me that he was lying about the whole 'can't control or manipulate you' thing.\" Really, Al? Just how much does she know? Enough. And, to answer your question, Gidget, I'm as lost as you. But I did feel a bit strange. Normally, when Max has an emotional outburst I can feel it, but not as if they were my emotions. But yesterday, during that fight, it was like I was the one feeling angry. 'Huh.' \"Hey, Max?\" I groan internally. You already getting sick of this? It's just...I'm not really used to it anymore. And I made a pretty big leap from doing literally nothing to leading an entire organization. That's true. \"Yeah, what is it, Tiberius?\" I ask, hoping that this time what he found was actually relevant and not something stupid like the last seventeen times. \"Is this helpful?\" He holds up a small pad of paper. Using my (very) limited reading ability, I can make out: 'Flushed...Code...\". \"Maybe...\" I murmur. \"Keep it. We'll bring it to Katie. She'll be able to read it and tell us if it is. Because let's be honest, asking a group of animals unable to read to determine if a text is important would be very stupid.\" Everyone nods in agreement. \"I'm afraid you won't be getting that far.\" A masculine, yet flamboyant, voice echoes through the room. The four of us all turn around to find another four shapes standing behind us. I think I recognize them from somewhere... Oh. Oh no . They're Flushed Pet Elites. The Aerial Execution Force. Consisting of quadruplet red-tailed hawks, they're highly skilled fighters, and they have the advantage of all being able to fly. Shit. The only one of us who can fly is Tiberius. ...How did you know what I was internally monologuing about? Hold on, I actually got it? I wasn't even trying to! That's strange. But, as I was saying, we are... Well, for lack of a better word, we're fucked.[Chapter 25] A/N: Ok i know this Jack POV chapter is kinda underwhelming in terms of length, but I'm back for real. See ya Friday. \"So…Katie? On a scale of one to ten…how fucked are we?\" At this, the human pulls out her tranquilizer guns. \"I'm gonna go with zero.\" \"Oh, this is just precious!\" The German Shepard laughs. \"Do you really think it's going to be that easy?\" \"Well, how about we find out?\" Katie suddenly fires two darts at the unsuspecting dog, hitting their mark directly. \"Shit!\" He yelps, a bit woozy. The Shepard's companion takes the opportunity to attempt to ram Katie, but I intercept him with a kick to the face. \"'Scuse me, but your opponent is right over here!\" I grin. \"Heheh, you're so tiny compared to me! What makes you think there's anything you can do?\" He charges at me. \"This.\" I smirk, slipping under him to scratch him in the stomach. He lets out a yelp of pain. \"Sorry, I thought you said I wouldn't be able to do anything!\" \"You…you son of a bitch!\" He roars, attempting to bite my throat. I dodge with ease. \"Well…you aren't wrong.\" In return, I bite his front leg and knock him to the ground. \"Need help with that?\" Katie chuckles, firing a few darts into him. \"Heh, thanks! What about the Shepard?\" I ask, before what I see answers my question. It only took her one more dart to put him out, judging by the three sticking out of him. And he can't have put up much of a fight after being hit by two. \"Nice job!\" I exclaim. \"Thanks. But we don't have time for that. If we got attacked just for being here, chances are that the cipher is somewhere in the building, like we thought. And it's also likely that they sent some people to watch Max and the others in case they find it.\" \"So, you're saying we need to get up there!\" \"Exactly! C'mon!\" She rushes to the stairwell and begins running up the stairs, myself following close behind. I hope we get there in time...[Chapter 26] A/N: Now back to Max and the others! \"Crap!\" I yelp as claws run through my side. I do my best to grab the hawk that's on me in my mouth, but can't manage it. The others are having their own, very similar troubles. All but Tiberius, who is fighting rather evenly with one of them. Gidget has one on top of her head, pecking at her tauntingly. \"Get the fuck off me so I can kill you!\" She barks angrily. Dad is scratching at one in flight, keeping it from getting too close to him. Man , we were not prepared for this. Are you just taking this all in stride? Yep. Of course you are… You could always try and do something to let Katie and Jack know we're in trouble. She's got those tranq. guns, so she'd have a better chance at beating them than us. Well…you're right there… I attempt to bark as loudly as I can, but in reward am given a scratch to the face. \"We don't want anyone interrupting our fun, do we? No noise.\" Shit. Annoyed, I manage to actually grab the bird. \"Haha! Gotcha!\" I cheer, muffled by the creature in my mouth. \"This…isn't good.\" It murmurs. \"For you, that is.\" From behind, the bird that had been on my father attacks, knocking me to the ground and the hawk out of my mouth. \"Max!\" Gidget yelps. I think I hear something…faint footsteps…one of a dog…one of a human. Both are running. They're on their way. I slowly get back onto my feet and glare at the bird. \"Don't think you can beat me that easily.\" They'll be here soon… I glance around the room quick. Gidget has sustained several injuries, as has my father. The only one of the hawks that's been injured at all is the one fighting Tiberius. They'll be here soon… I just hope they can make it in time.[Chapter 27] A/N: Aaand, this one starts in Jack POV. Doesn't last too long though. \"C'mon, Katie!\" I stop at the top of this flight, waiting for the human. \"Keep going!\" She pants. \"I'll catch up!\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Positive. Now go!\" I rush ahead, hoping that I'll make it before they get too hurt. Max, I swear, if you're dead… Max POV Max, I swear, if you even think about just giving up and dying- You aren't ever gonna let me live that down, are you? Never. So, uh, you think you can do that thing now? The one where I get really strong all of a sudden and wreck the opponent? Because I'm kinda getting pummeled here. I've got no clue how to, or even what my involvement in that is, so…no, I don't think so. That's what I thought. We're in a lot of trouble… I bat one of the hawks away and listen carefully again. The dog's footsteps have grown quite a bit louder, while the human's have gotten slightly louder. I can't continue to think as I am interrupted by another attack from above. … I hate birds. Well, what about Tiberius? He'd be upset if you told him that. Not him , of course! Now's not the time for this conversation, Al! Alright, alright. Uh…you might want to take a look at dad… \"Holy shit!\" My father is badly wounded and unconscious on the ground. I rush over to him and growl, attempting to get the birds swarming us to back off. \"Max!\" Gidget yelps, tackling one of them as they're distracted. Tiberius continues to struggle against his opponent. We're in even more trouble now… The remaining hawks are closing in on us. I don't think I can take them. We are so, so , fu- Fucked? Absolutely. Damn that Jack! The guy's too slow! \"Isn't this touching? The mutt refuses to step away from his fallen comrade.\" I respond with a growl. \"Oh, don't worry. You'll be joining him soon.\" And for a moment, I fear the bird's prediction may be right. Until I hear a very familiar voice. \"No, he won't.\" A golden streak of fur tackles one of the two remaining birds, invigorating me to get the other. Within moments, Katie is in the doorway and fires a tranquilizing dart at each of them with incredible accuracy. \"Thanks for the last minute save…\" I pant. \"But we can talk about what happened later! We gotta get my dad some help!\" \"Oh my god!\" Katie yelps. \"Quick, let's go!\" We gotta hurry. And we have to bring him to the one place that he can recover in peace. The Redeemed's base.[Chapter 28] A/N: And here's another Max POV. Hope you guys are ready for the 1000 word Duke chapter coming a week from today. We rush into the base as quickly as we can and immediately begin to patch my dad up. Bailey runs up, and I ask someone to take him away and play with him for a bit. \"I hope he'll be okay…\" I murmur, staring at the covered injuries. Listen… it's not your fault, Max. It is though. I shouldn't've let him come along… The past is in the past. There's nothing you can do to change that. Just look to the future. … you're right. Thanks. \"Max, are you okay?\" Katie asks. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"Okay…\" \"Really. I am.\" I look up at her. \"Okay. Now…we should probably leave him be so he can recover. Let's head over there and debrief.\" The group follows her into a corner. \"So…what'd you guys find?\" I ask Katie and Jack. \"Oh!\" Jack grins. \"We found a list!\" \"Really?\" Gidget asks, slightly disappointed. \"Guess there's no need for the code we found.\" \"Oh, but there is!\" He replies happily. \"It's a coded list!\" I smile victoriously. \"Yes! We have a lead! Katie, could you get to work on decoding that list?\" \"Sure thing.\" She takes the code from Tiberius and heads off to start. \"Now all we can really do is wait.\" \"Yeah, I guess so…\" Tiberius sighs. \"I'm gonna go see Bail. Katie'll come get us when it's time.\" \"Alright.\" The others reply and go do their own things. Heh, this little pup's growin' on ya, huh? Maybe just a bit. I walk over to Bailey and dismiss the dog I sent to play with him. \"Hey, bud.\" I chuckle a bit as the corgi runs over to me. *BARK BARK* I chuckle and start chasing him around the room, which he reacts to with excitement. *BARK BARK* I think it's more than \"just a bit\". You probably think right. Heheh, it's like he's your own kid. … Oh, uh… sorry. I know, uh…that whole thing with Krystal is, uh…still buggin' you. No, it's fine. You're right. Yeah… I guess I am. ' Hey, Max?' Oh, uh… hi, Gidg. You're really gettin' better at this talking in my head thing, aren't you? ' Hehe, yeah, I guess. So, how's the puppy doing?' He's doing alright. You should be able to see that. Could you two, uh, not talk like this is a private call or something? I'm still here. ' Oh, right! Sorry, Alpha…' To be fair, you're everywhere that I am. Nothing is private for me. Another fair point. I'll leave you two alone for a bit. Unfortunately, while I'm distracted by this conversation, I sprint right into a wall. \"Ooof!\" I yelp. Bailey runs over, obviously concerned. He makes a small incoherent noise. Sounds kinda like a \"D\". \"I'm fine, Bail.\" I wince as I stand back up. \"See?\" \"D-da…dada!\" He whines, still worried. Awwwwwww. \"Oh, uh…dada's okay.\" Bailey cuddles up to me, relieved. I guess I am his \"dada\", huh?[Chapter 29] A/N: And more Max POV, what are the odds? I guess I am his \"dada\", huh? Yep. \"Soooooo, if you're his dad, does that make me his mom?\" Gidget asks this question, seemingly coming out of nowhere. Heheh, I'm curious as to what your response will be. I immediately look away, flustered. \"Uh… I dunno… maybe? Possibly? At some point in the future?\" Nailed it. I can tell that if he could, he'd be smirking after that sarcastic reply. Sh-shut up! Alright, fine. Bailey notices that my attention is no longer on him and begins to bark frantically to try and get it back. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Relax, Bail, I'm still here!\" I chuckle, happy for the change of subject. I nuzzle the puppy, who then proceeds to tackle me. \"Hey!\" I yelp, though I could easily escape if I wanted. \"You look like you've got your paws full, so I'll leave you be.\" Gidget grins. Bailey suddenly turns to face her, seemingly having just noticed that she was there. \"M-ma-mama!\" He barks excitedly. Well, I guess that answers that question. D-didn't I tell you to shut up!? Oh, right , sorry. Excuse my insolence . Sarcasm is unbecoming of you. Hmm…nah. It's unbecoming of you . … we're literally the same person. Oh, right. Wait, so does that make me the kid's dad, too? Oh, for the love of- I think? Cool. Always wanted a kid. Oh, oops! Uh…sorry again. No, it's fine. I've always wanted a kid, too. Just…not in the way the two that did…that…to me did. Look…sorry I brought that up. Really, it's fine. I gotta get over that. And I guess Bail kinda helped kickstart that. While Al and I have been having this debate, Bailey has now tackled Gidget. Yeah…guess so. \"Heheh, need some help there?\" I snicker, looking over at her. \"I think I'm okay with this.\" She grins back. Bailey looks between the two of us, seemingly trying to figure out who he wants to be with. Deciding to spare him from that decision, I head over and start cuddling with them. You're a good dad, you know. Yeah… if Bail had shown up a bit sooner… Duke mighta seen this side of me. And then he mighta stayed… Look… I'm sure we'll find Duke. But we have to- Yeah, yeah, I know. We have to focus on this. We're so close now. Soon, we'll be able to win. For good. Right. And for now, you got me! And these two, and Katie, and dad, and Tiberius, and Jack! Exactly. Hey, speakin' of these two…how do ya think they'd feel about…more pups maybe? … are you sure you're ready? Not yet, of course! I quickly add. I mean…when this whole war thing is all said and done… I was thinkin' of askin' Gidg about it. If you say so… In that case, I don't think you got anythin' to worry about. She'll love it, and he probably will, too. Just make sure you're really ready before you offer. I know, I know. The other two dogs with me have begun to snore softly. You should get some rest, too. It's been a long day. You deserve it. Yeah… alright. G'night, Al. Since I'm in a good mood, I'll pretend you didn't call me that. Night, Max. (LINE) I, and by extension, Gidget and Bailey, am jostled awake in the early hours of the morning. \"Your dad's up.\" Jack whispers to me. In an instant, I'm up, and so's Gidg. I carefully lift the sleepy puppy onto my back before following Jack to dad. You think he's alright? I hope so. When we reach him, he seems very tired. \"Hey, Max.\" He greets in a mumble. \"Hey, dad. You feeling alright?\" \"Not my best, but I've had worse.\" \"Yeah… I figured.\" \"Been a long time since I've had anythin' this bad though. Probably not since you were a puppy.\" He notices Bailey curiously peering around from my back. \"Speakin' of, where's that 'lil guy from?\" \"We found him abandoned in a bush.\" Gidget tells him, Jack nodding along. \"We decided to take him in so he wouldn't be alone out there.\" \"Cute little guy.\" Dad chuckles a bit. \"So, son, this your place? This where The Redeemed operate out of?\" \"Yep.\" I tell him. \"This is the place.\" \"Pretty nice. Lotta people, too.\" \"Yeah.\" After a moment, I add. \"I'm glad you're okay, dad.\" \"Me too.\" He replies. Hey, Max, I get the feeling he's bone tired right now. Maybe we should let him rest. Yeah, mayb- Get it? It's funny because he's a do- Yeah, yeah, I know. Because he's a dog. I thought we already discussed that we have basically the same sense of humor. Oh yeah, we did talk about that a while back. Eh, whatever. Honestly, this is the happiest I've been since Duke left. I want to stay happy. For them, if not for myself.[Chapter 30] A/N: Duke POV! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand, he's back! The dog, the legend: DUUUUUKE! And in an extra-long chapter, too! Why can't I get him out of my head? Is it because I feel bad for him? Is it that I pity him? No, that's impossible. After what he did, there's no way that's the case! Are you sure? Yes! He's done too much to hurt me! Maybe the real reason you can't get him out of your head is because you refuse to admit to yourself that you do care about him. That you're forcing yourself to stay away. And maybe , you think it's your fault. What? Where on earth did that idea come from? And…when did you show up? Who are you!? I guess you could say I'm the part of you that you threw away. I'm the part of you that cared. Actually, now that I think about it, I'm just the part of you that you tried to throw away. But, I'm still here. Whaddya mean, \"the part I tried to throw away\"? I mean that I'm only here because you decided to run away from your problems instead of facing them. You started to suppress how much you care for Max, Katie, and everyone else a while ago. Even before you left them. I suppose my situation is rather similar to that \"Alpha\" character that Max has. You bottled that in long enough for it to gain sentience. Wait, it took Alpha way longer to show up than it took you! That's because emotion is more powerful than instinct. I manifested so quickly because of that and something else. Max's alpha side had been locked away by Katie's friend when he was just a puppy. Eventually, it managed to break that lock and come out. I, however, was not. As soon as I developed full sentience, I was able to speak with you. Well, I want you out of here! I won't let you take me back! Take you back? No, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to force you back even if I wanted to. Instinct is stronger in that regard. And where would you have me go, anyways? I can't leave, either. There's only one way for me to \"disappear\", in a sense. And what's that!? If you were to stop keeping yourself from caring. If you go back. If that happened, because I'm not as strong as that Alpha, I'd probably become a part of you again. Well, that's out of the question. Guess I'm just gonna hafta deal with you. Your decision. Still, I think the best outcome you could have would be from going back. I can tell Max getting into all kinds of trouble. You'd be able to tell, too, if you weren't shoving all of it onto me. I'm going to stop listening now. Okay. Suddenly, I hear quick steps headed back towards where I suspect is The Redeemed's base. And is also the place you've been watching ever since you left. Y'know, to make sure they get back okay. Ignoring the voice in my head, I hide myself in nearby bushes. The group with Max is running back. They don't look like they're getting chased… Why don't you look in Katie's arms? I decide to listen, and am shocked to see Max's dad in a very poor state. Holy shit… I told you they were probably in trouble. S-shut up! I don't care! Then why are you watching? Isn't this exactly what Max said he was doing back when he first started leading The Redeemed? After he almost lost his life to save the world? Didn't he do that because he cared? No! If he really cared, he would have come to see us! And he didn't… but that was because he couldn't. He couldn't risk leading the Flushed Pets to you. He wouldn't care about that! He's too damn selfish! He just doesn't care ! And you don't seem to fully believe that, because if you did, I wouldn't be here at all. If you really didn't care about them, you wouldn't have to bottle up how much you care. That's what I am, remember? I… I can't go back. No, you only think you can't go back. Unable to make a response, I don't reply, and watch as the group rushes into a tunnel before covering it up. I could have been there… If I had been there… Max's dad might not have been hurt. It's all my fault… Maybe… Maybe I should do something about it. Yeah. You should. But you probably won't, knowing you. Because you're selfish. One of your reasons for doing this was because you didn't want to get hurt anymore. You even admitted to yourself that it was selfish. And yet…didn't you just accuse Max of the same thing? And hasn't just sitting back and watching them get hurt caused you more pain than it would if you had been there? … Nothing to say to that, huh? I got you. … You can't just remember the bad things, Duke. Yes, he has hurt you before. And he probably will again. But you have to remember the good things, too. He's risked his life for you before. Remember back when you were in that sinking truck and he teamed up with Snowball, who had just tried to kill him, to get you? How he was fully prepared to just drown if he couldn't bring you back up, too? Remember when Tiberius got you and Max came to save you, even though Katie told him not to come with them? How he fought back, even though he was weaker than the hawks? ... I have to go back. That's more like it! But not yet. I'll wait until they need me. Really? Probably not. I just need to wait a bit longer. I don't know if they'll forgive me… Hey, of course they'll forgive you, they're your family! I mean, they're probably worried sick! I can't help but grin a bit as the voice quotes Max's words back at the sausage factory, all that time ago. Of course, it's not exactly the same, but it's close enough. \"I don't know…\" I murmur under my breath. Well, I do know, and we're going. They're gonna freak! Hey, I'm freaking out just thinking about it! \"Okay…\" I quietly respond. \"Let's do it.\" Yeah! But not yet. Okay. When you're ready. Yeah. When I'm ready. Which will be very soon. Very soon. A/N: If anything in this chapter was confusing, please feel free to ask about it. I hope I did I good job explaining it.[Chapter 31] A/N: And now back to your regularly scheduled Max POV. \"Are you sure that the list said this was a spot?\" I groan slightly as I step through the sewage in the familiar tunnel. \"The smell is disgusting… still.\" \"Yes, Max.\" Katie grunts, covering her nose as she and GIdget follow me. \"They've already had a base here! Not to mention it blew up !\" \"And that's exactly why we have to at least check. You wouldn't have thought to come here, so it is a possibility, even more so because they put it on this list.\" \"You need to calm down, Max. I know you probably just want to get this over with at this point, and we all do, too. But being all stressed out won't help with that.\" Gidget tells me. She's right, you know. \"Yeah, yeah, I know.\" I respond to both of them at once. \"Oi, TD, is that you?\" A voice I could recognize anywhere calls from down the tunnel. \"Snowball?\" I glance over and am greeted by a white bunny hopping in my direction. \"What are you doing down here?\" \"I could ask you the same thing, Tiny Dog! Heya, everyone! Fluffy Dog, how's your relationship goin'?\" I was not ready for today. Why do you say that? Because you have to wake up in a certain mood to deal with this guy. You're not wrong… \"Oh, uh, it's good, Snowball!\" Gidget grins at him. \"Anyways, we're just checking this place out. Seeing if the Flushed Pets decided to rebuild here.\" \"Aw, really? Me, too! I was lookin' into findin' them so I could give 'em what's comin' to 'em, but if that's your plan then I'll tag along with ya.\" Oh no… You…really don't like him, do you? It's not that I don't like him, it's… he's too unpredictable for me. Aren't I the same way? Well, sometimes, I'll admit. I wasn't expecting your whole turning evil thing, but usually I can get a rough idea of what you're up to. Fair enough. \"If that's the case…\" A sinister voice suddenly calls out. \"Then I'm afraid you'll have to join them in the grave, Snowball.\" \"It's an ambush…\" I murmur. You don't seem very worried. Alpha responds as two Flushed Pets step out of the shadows. Well… \"Get them!\" The same sinister voice calls, charging towards us. Why should I be? Out of nowhere, with a loud screech, a hawk dives down, grabbing one of them, bringing him into the air, and dropping him into a hole, likely left from the explosion that occurred back when I stopped the Flushed Pets from eliminating humanity. A splash is heard, signifying that Tiberius made sure to drop him into water. The other one growls in rage, rushing at us. However, he is very quickly grabbed by the neck and thrown into a wall by a golden retriever. After all, that's why we had them hidden. Heh, double ambush, huh? I like your style. Of course you do. We think the same, after all. \"Heh, can't you go anywhere without getting into trouble, Max?\" Jack grins at me. \"Apparently not.\" I grin back. \"C'mon, let's head back home. This place was a wash.\" \"Sounds like a plan to me.\" \"Uh… Tiny Dog… what the hell just happened?\" \"Oh, uh, Snowball! Forgot you were here, sorry… you can come with us!\" I gesture for him to follow. Intrigued, he does. Why would you do that…? It'd be rude not to. He has saved our life before, you know. Yeah, yeah. Let's just go home already. That's the plan. ","Summary":" DESC: Duke POV. Duke struggles with the consequences of his own decision. \"Goodbye.\" I mutter, tu"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"Karaoke Party","Author":"Justin Bonesteel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12190607","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. The songs I'm using belong to their rightful owners. After Katie had left for work, Max and Duke are in their apartment in New York City trying to figure out what to do. \"So, what do you want to do?\" Max asked with boredom. \"I don't know. What do you want to do?\" Duke replied. \"Hey, maybe we can play Go Fish.\" Max suggested. Duke shook his head and said, \"No way. We're not playing that card game again because you win every time.\" Max then came up with something and suggested with a smile, \"How about we watch that movie where the princess freezes into ice?\" Duke knew what movie Max was talking about and wondered curiously, \"Didn't we watch that on the Disney Channel the other day?\" \"I think so. I gotta admit, that prince was thought to be Anna's prince charming, but he's really a devil in disguise wanting to rule the kingdom.\" Max said. \"Hey, boys!\" Max's girlfriend, Gidget called from her window. \"Hey, Gidget!\" Max replied. \"What are you two doing?\" \"We're looking for something to do.\" \"Well, today's my birthday and all my friends are coming over to throw me a party. Would you like to come?\" That gave Max and Duke an idea. \"That sounds like a great idea!\" Max exclaimed enthusiastically. \"We'll be right over.\" \"Excellent!\" Gidget exclaimed. Max and Duke left their apartment and went to Gidget's home. When they got there, Gidget greeted them. \"I'm so glad you're here! My other friends will be here any minute. We're going to have one heck of a fun party. We'll have plenty of food, games, movies and even karaoke!\" \"Ooh!\" Max exclaimed. \"I like karaoke!\" Soon, all of Gidget's friends arrive at her place and the party begins. Even Snowball the rabbit was invited. They were having a great time eating, watching movies, playing games and other cool activities. Soon, a karaoke machine has been set up, and the machine and microphone has been turned on. \"Ok, who wants to go first?\" Gidget asked her friends. \"Ooh-ooh, can I go first?\" Max volunteered. \"Sure thing.\" Max went through the CDs, pulled one out, opened the case and inserted the disk into the player as all the pets gathered around, waiting for the fun to begin. Suddenly, a song started to play. \"Oh, boy! I know this song!\" Tiberius the hawk gasped excitedly. \"Now, I'm singing this song for the love of my life, Gidget.\" Max said to his friends, then started to sing. \"Oh, her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not shinin'; her hair, her hair falls perfectly without her trying; she's so beautiful and I tell her every day, yeah.\" Max sung at the top of his lungs. He danced around with the microphone for a bit before he went back to singing, facing the other pets. \" I know, I know when I compliment her, she won't believe me. And it's so, it's so sad to think that she won't see what I see. But every time she asks me, do I look okay? I say. When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change 'cause you're amazing just the way you are!\" Everyone's smiles grew wider as Max sang. \" And when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a whilel 'cause, girl, you're amazing just the way you are! Her lips, her lips, I could kiss them all day if she'd let me. Her laugh, her laugh, she hates but I think it's so sexy; she's so beautiful and I tell her every day. Oh, you know, you know, you know I'd never ask you to change. If perfect's what you're searching for, then just stay the same. So don't even bother asking if you look okay; you know I'll say.\" Gidget smiled widely as she watched her boyfriend sing. \"When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change 'cause you're amazing just the way you are! The way you are, the way you are; girl, you're amazing just the way you are! When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change 'cause you're amazing just the way you are!\" The pets whistled and cheered at Max's successful singing as the dog took a bow. \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" he commented politely as he bowed. Max ejected the CD and placed it back into the case. \"Max, you are the best singing dog I've ever seen.\" Duke said to Max with a smile on his face. Max couldn't help but smile at his comment. For those of you who read this, I hope you liked this first chapter and the song that Max sung was \"Just the Way You Are\" by Bruno Mars. Did you spot a reference to \"Frozen\" at the beginning? Anyway, hope you liked it and please review. Who will perform next? We'll have to wait and see in the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Before I get started on this chapter, I'd like to announce that Orangebird124 requested me to have Duke to sing this song. And now, without further ado, welcome to chapter 2! Are you ready to see what Duke is going to sing? Let's begin! Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. The songs I'm using belong to their rightful owners. \"Hey, Max, can I perform next?\" Duke asked Max. \"Of course you can, Duke. We'd love to hear what song you pick.\" said Max. Duke went through the CDs looking for one. It didn't take long for Duke to decide what song he was going to sing. He pulled out a CD, walked over to the machine, opened the case and inserted the disk inside. \"So, what song did you pick, Duke?\" Gidget asked curiously. \"You'll see. Plus, this is for my very best friend.\" Duke replied. The shaggy and brown long-haired dog, pressed the play button, picked up the microphone and started singing as he faced the pets. \" We had a life, we had a love, but you don't know what you've got 'til you lose it. Well, that was then and this is now and I want you back. How many times do I have to say I'm sorry? \" sung Duke. All the pets were all ears listening to Duke sing. \" How can something so good go so bad? How can something so right go so wrong? I don't know, I don't have all the answers, but I want you back. How many times can I say I'm sorry? \" Duke sung. \" You can run and you can hide, but you I'm not leaving unless you come with me. We've had our problems, but I'm on your side. You're all I need, please believe in me .\" Max smiled as he watched his friend sing. He thought back on when he and Duke met after Katie brought him home from the pound. They started out as rivals, but during their journey throughout Manhattan, they learned to get along. \" I only wanted someone to love, but something happened on the way to heaven. It got a hold of me and wouldn't let go, and I want you back. How many times do I have to say I'm sorry? They say you can't take it with you when you go and I believe it. But taking what I've got or being here with you, you know I'd rather leave it .\" The pets cheered and whistled after the last note of the song was sang. Even Max is impressed. \"Nice going there, bro!\" he praised Duke. \"Thanks.\" So what did you think of it? Pretty cool, huh? Again, this song was a request from Orangebird124. The song Duke sang is \"Something Happened On the Way to Heaven\" by Phil Collins. Anyway, I hope you liked this chapter. Even though it's short, please review. FYI, Gidget will pick out her song in the next chapter to sing next.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Once again, I don't the songs. They belong to their rightful owners. \"Alright, everyone,\" Gidget announced. \"I know what song I want to sing next.\" She walked over to the karaoke machine and ejected the CD before placing it back into the case. Then he started looking through the CDs. \"Aha! Here we go!\" the Pomeranian exclaimed as she came to the CD she was looking for. The pets gathered around and sat on the floor again just as Gidget placed the CD into the karaoke machine. She pressed the play button and a song started playing. \"I wonder what kind of song she chose is.\" Duke wondered curiously. \"You'll see.\" Max answered. \"I've heard of it before.\" \" We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts, I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air.\" Gidget sang as she faced the pets. \" See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crowd and say hello.\" Max danced along with the beat of the song as he watched his girlfriend perform. \" Little did I know, that you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles and my daddy said stay away from Juliet! And I was crying on the staircase begging you please don't go! And I said, Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting, all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby, just say yes.\" Everyone smiled widely when they came to the best part of the song. \" So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they know so close your eyes. Escape this town for a little while. 'Cause you were Romeo, I was a scarlet letter and my daddy said stay away from Juliet! But you were everything to me. I was begging you please don't go! \" Everyone smiled and danced to the music, including Max. The first time he heard that song, it became one of his favorites. \" And I said Romeo take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting, all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess; it's a love story, baby, just say yes. Romeo, save me, they're trying to tell me how I feel. This love is difficult, but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess; it's a love story. Baby, just say yes. \" During the instrumental break, Gidget danced around with the microphone with excitement. Then she went back to singing while facing the pets. \"Oh, boy! I've been waiting for this!\" Max whispered excitedly to his friends. \" I got tired of waiting wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading. But I met you on the outskirts of town and I said Romeo save me, I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you, but you never come; is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said, 'Marry me, Juliet, you never have to be alone. I love you and that's all I really know! I talked to your dad, go pick out a white dress! It's a love story; baby just say yes! We were both young when I first saw you. \" The song ends and the pets cheered and whistled while Gidget took a bow. \"Thank you! Thank you very much, everybody!\" she commented while bowing. \"I hope you all enjoyed this performance!\" She turned towards Max. \"Especially you, Max.\" \"Oh, I absolutely did, Gidget!\" Max replied. \"It's one of my favorite songs I've listened to.\" The two dogs exchanged pooch smooches and then Gidget ejected the CD and placed it back into the case along with all the others. There you have it, you readers! I hope you liked this third chapter and the song that Gidget was singing was \"Love Story\" by Taylor Swift. Taylor is my favorite artist. This is a country song and I know that some of you are not fans of country, but I'll have you know that I'm a huge fan of country. So that wraps up chapter 3. Who will perform the next song? We'll find out next time![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I strictly don't own any of the songs. They belong to their rightful owners. \"Hey,\" Snowball spoke up. \"Can I go next? I have a song that I want to perform!\" \"And what song is that?\" Gidget asked. \"You'll see.\" He walked over to the case and began looking through the CDs. While waiting, Max and Gidget exchanged loving smiles. With a grin appearing on Snowball's face, the rabbit took a CD out. \"Oh, boy! I'm so excited to hear him sing his song!\" an iguana squealed excitedly as he sat down on the floor with the other pets. \"I think he'll do fabulous!\" \"I hope you guys like this song as much as I do.\" Snowball said. He inserted the disc into the karaoke machine, then pressed the play button and a song came on. \" On the day I was born, the nurses all gathered 'round and they gazed in wide wonder. At the joy they had found, the head nurse spoke up, said, \"Leave this one alone!\" Snowball sang. \" She could tell right away that I was bad to the bone! Bad to the bone! Bad to the bone! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! Bad to the bone! \" Tiberius the hawk did an air guitar to the beat of the song. \" I broke a thousand hearts before I met you. I'll break a thousand more, baby. Before I am through, I wanna be yours, pretty baby, yours and yours alone. I'm here to tell you, honey, that I'm bad to the bone! \" Snowball sung triumphantly. \" Bad to the bone! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! Bad to the bone! \" The other pets chuckled at that last note. \" I make a rich woman beg. I'll make a good woman steal, I'll make an old woman blush and make a young girl squeal. I wanna be yours, pretty baby, yours and yours alone. I'm here to tell you, honey, that I'm bad to the bone! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-B-Bad! Bad to the bone! \" Snowball does an air guitar while holding the microphone. \" And when I walk the streets, kings and queens step aside. Every woman I met, they all stay satisfied. I wanna tell you, pretty baby. Well, you see I make my own. I'm here to tell you, honey, that I'm bad to the bone! \" Snowball sang. \" Bad to the bone! B-B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-Bad! B-B-B-Bad! Bad to the bone! \" He slid down to the floor on his knees and was greeted to a big round of applause. \"Bravo, Snowball!\" Max cheered. \"That was outstanding!\" \"Thank you very much, everybody!\" Snowball commented politely, while curtseying. \"I love you all!\" The rabbit ejected the CD and placed it back into the case just as Max and Duke walked up to him. \"Dude, can we tell you something?\" Max asked seriously. \"What is it?\" Snowball said. \"We think that song you chose fits you perfectly.\" Duke said. \"I agree with Duke.\" Max said. \"When we met, you know that you used to hate humans, but we're glad you aided me in helping Duke escape the dog pound truck.\" \"It was my pleasure, boys.\" Snowball replied. \"Anyway, which of you who haven't performed yet want to go next?\" Gidget asked the pets. Everyone raised their paws, wings and hands. Gidget looked at the volunteers and pointed at Buddy the Dachshund. \"You, Buddy! Your turn!\" This caused Buddy to yap and jump up and down excitedly. \"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!\" So, there you have it! The song that Snowball was singing was \"Bad To The Bone\" by George Thorogood and the Destroyers. I figured that song was perfect for Snowball to sing because it fits his personality. Well, I hope you liked chapter 4 and please review! Chapter 5 will be uploaded soon and Buddy will perform next. What song is it going to be? We'll find out next time![Chapter 5] Hey, everyone. Before I start this chapter, I'd like to announce that the song Buddy will be singing was a suggestion I received. I figured that this song would be perfect for him. Are you ready to sing along? Let's get started! Disclaimer: Do I own any of the songs? NO! They belong to their rightful owners. Buddy was so excited that he got a turn to perform the next song. He ran to the case and once he got there, he started looking through the CDs one by one. After he pulled out a CD, he walked up to the karaoke machine and inserted the disc inside. Then he pushed the play button and a song came on just as everyone sat on the floor. \"This song goes out to all of you, guys,\" Buddy said as he picked up the microphone. \"Hey, I love this song!\" Mel cried as he recognized the song that was playing. \" Extreme ways are back again, extreme places I didn't know. I broke everything new again, everything that I'd owned. I threw it out the windows, came along. \" Buddy sang. \"Extreme ways I know will part, the colors of my sea perfect colored me.\" Everyone smiled at Buddy's singing. \" Extreme ways that help me. They help me late at night, extreme places I had gone that never seen any light. Dirty basements, dirty noise, dirty places coming through. Extreme worlds alone. Did you ever like it then? \" \"You got this.\" Gidget said optimistically. \" I would stand in line for this, there's always room in life for this! \" the dachshund sang confidentially. \"Not bad,\" Chloe said with a smile. \" Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! \" Buddy sung. \" Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! Oh baby, oh baby, like it always does, it always does! \" \"Doing good, Buddy!\" Max complimented enthusiastically. \" Extreme sounds that told me they held me down every night. I didn't have much to say. I didn't give up the light. \" Buddy sang proudly.\" I closed my eyes and closed myself and closed my world and never open up to anything that could get me all. \" \" I had to close down everything, I had to close down my mind. Too many things could cut me. Too much can make me blind. I've seen so much in so many places. So many heartaches, so many faces, so many dirty things you couldn't even believe. \" \"Ready for this?\" Gidget asked to her friends who all nodded in reply. \" I would stand in line for this. It's always good in life for this.\" Buddy sang loudly. \" Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! Oh baby, oh baby, then it fell apart, it fell apart! Oh baby, oh baby, like it always does, always does!\" The pets cheered and whistled as the dachshund took a bow while he had a big smile on his face. \"Thanks, everybody. I hope you liked it.\" All of a sudden, he was pulled into an embrace by some of his friends including Max, Duke and Gidget. \"You did it, Buddy!\" Duke shouted enthusiastically. \"You seriously stole the show!\" \"Oh, it was nothing.\" Buddy replied with a chuckle. Well, there you have it! The song that Buddy sang was \"Extreme Ways\" by Moby. This song is perfect for him. Fun fact: This song was off of the movie \"Jason Bourne\". I hope you enjoyed this chapter and please review! Chapter 6 will have Chloe singing her song. What song is she going to sing? Here's a hint: it's sung by Demi Lovato.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Once again, I don't own any of the songs. They belong to their respective owners. \"Who wants to go next?\" Gidget asked the pets. Chloe raised her paw. \"I want to go. I have a song I want to sing.\" \"Well, go ahead.\" \"Thanks.\" Chloe said and walked up to the karaoke machine. She looked through the CDs until she came to the one she was looking for. \"Uh, could you excuse me?\" Gidget asked. \"I'm going to get a drink of water.\" She went to where her food bowls are and drank some water. Everyone sat and waited patiently for Chloe to select the CD with the song she wanted to sing while Gidget returned from her drink. Just then, Chloe had inserted the CD into the karaoke machine and, soon enough, a song started playing. She picked up the microphone and sang loud and clear for everyone to hear. \" You want to play, you want to stay, you want to have it all. You started messing with my head until I hit a wall. Maybe I should've known, maybe I should've known that you would walk, you would walk out the door, hey! \" Chloe sang. \" Said we were done, then met someone and rubbed it in my face. Cut to the part, she broke your heart and then she ran away. I guess you should've known, I guess you should've known that I would talk, I would talk! \" \"Oh, boy!\" Snowball whispered fiercely. \"I fell in love with this song when I first heard it!\" \" But even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life. You can take your words and all your lies. Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life! You can take your words and all your lies! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! \" Everyone danced to the beat of the music with big smiles on their faces. \" I can't believe I ever stayed up late writing songs about you. You don't deserve to know the way I used to think about you. Oh no, not anymore, oh no not anymore! You had your shot, had your shot, but you let go! \" Chloe sang at the top of her lungs. \" Now if we meet out on the street, I won't be running scared. I'll walk right up to you and put one finger in the air and make you understand, and make you understand you had your chance, had your chance! \" While watching Chloe perform, Max and Gidget danced side by side, occasionally glancing at each other with big smiles. \" But even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life. You can take your words and all your lies. Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life! You can take your words and all your lies! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! \" Chloe danced around with the microphone and passed it to Gidget, who sang into it, \" Yeah, listen up. Hey, hey, never look back! Dumb struck boy, ego intact. Look, boy, why you so mad? Second guessing, but you should've hit that. Hey, Chloe, you picked the wrong lover. Should've picked that one, he's cuter than the other. I just want to laugh 'cause you're trying to be a hipster. Kick him to the curb, take a Polaroid picture. \" Then Chloe went back in front of the karaoke machine and faced the pets as she continued singing, \" But even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life. You can take your words and all your lies. Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Even if the stars and moon collide, I never want you back into my life! You can take your words and all your lies! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! Oh, oh, oh, I really don't care! \" Everyone whistled and cheered as Chloe gazed at her friends with a big smile on her face. \"That was awesome, Chloe!\" Max praised the cat. Well, that wraps up this chapter! The song sung by Chloe is \"Really Don't Care\" by Demi Lovato ft. Cher Lloyd. Hope you enjoyed this chapter and please review! See you in the next chapter![Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. Never have, never will. \"Anyone else want to go?\" Chloe asked her friends. \"Oh-oh-oh! I want to go, I want to go!\" Mel shouted with excitement. \"I know what song I want to sing!\" \"Well then go ahead, Mel.\" The pug went over to the drawer and pulled a CD out. Then he closed the case, inserted the disc into the karaoke machine as the pets sat and waited for him to start performing. Soon, a song started to play. \" Oh-hoh-hoh-hoah. Oh-hoh-hoh-hoah. Oh-hoh-hoh-hoah. Oh-hoh-hoh-hoah. \" Mel sang into the microphone. Everyone started dancing as the music got bouncier. \" Everybody was kung fu fighting! Those kicks were fast as lightning! In fast it was a little bit frightening! But they fought with expert timing! \" Mel sang at the top of his lungs. \" They were funky China men from funky Chinatown. They were chopping them up; they were chopping them down. It's an ancient Chinese art and everybody knew their part. From a feinting, to a slip and a kicking from the hip. \" All the pets danced to the beat of the song as they watched Mel sing. \" Everybody was kung fu fighting! Those kicks were fast as lightning! In fast it was a little bit frightening! But they fought with expert timing! \" \"You got this!\" Duke exclaimed. \" There was funky Billie Chin and little Sammy Chong. He said, 'Here comes the big boss, let's get it on!' We took a bow and made a stand, started swaying with the hand. A sudden motion made me skip; now we're into a brand new trip. \" Max danced and hummed along with the song. \" Everybody was kung fu fighting! Those kicks were fast as lightning! In fast it was a little bit frightening! But they fought with expert timing! \" Mel sang loud and clear. \" Oh-hoh-hoh-hoh, ha! Oh-hoh-hoh-hoh, ha! Oh-hoh-hoh-hoh-ha! Keep on, keep on, keep on sure enough! \" Everybody watched Mel perform with big smiles on their faces as they approached the finale of the song. \" Everybody was kung fu fighting! Those kicks were fast as lightning! In fast it was a little bit frightening! Make sure you have expert timing! Kung fu fighting, had to be fast as lightning. \" After that last note was sung, the pets whistled, cheered and gave Mel nice and polite comments about his performance. \"Awesome singing, Mel!\" Max shouted! \"You are one in a million, dude!\" Duke complemented. \"Stirring performance, my friend!\" Gidget commented. \"You really blew us away!\" \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" Mel responded as he jumped up and down, full of energy. Then he took the CD out of the machine and put it back in the case. So, what'd you guys think? Great performance, am I right? In that case, I hope you all enjoyed it and please review! The song that Mel sang is \"Kung Fu Fighting\" by Carl Douglas. I'll have you know it's one of my favorite songs. Aren't you happy this story is becoming a success? I thought I'd upload this chapter today since tomorrow is Thanksgiving, and I will be with my relatives to celebrate Thanksgiving for the rest of the week and I'll be back home on Sunday. Thank you and I'll see you soon! Hope you have a great Thanksgiving![Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I don't own this song or any of the others. They belong to their owners respectively. \"Well, since Tiberius and Paps are the only ones who haven't performed yet,\" Gidget announced. \"Let's flip a coin to see who will go next and who will go afterward.\" She flips a coin that has a hawk on one side and a dog on the other. It lands on the hawk side. \"So that means, Tiberius, you're next!\" \"Woo-hoo!\" Tiberius exclaimed gleefully. \"I'm going, I'm going! Oh yeah, yeah, yeah!\" The pets share a few heartfelt chuckles as the hawk danced up to the karaoke machine, looked through the CDs, pulled one out and inserted it into the machine. He pressed the play button and a song came on. \" Baby, I'm preying on you tonight! Hunt you down, eat you alive just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Maybe you think that you can hide. I can smell your scent for miles just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Baby, I'm. \" Tiberius sang out loud. Everyone danced to the beat of the music while watching Tiberius perform. \" So what you're trying to do to me, it's like we can't stop, we're enemies. But we get along when I'm inside you, yeah. You're like a drug that's killing me. I cut you out entirely, but I get so high when I'm inside you. \" Max and Duke danced to the beat. \" Yeah, you can start over, you can run free. You can find other fish in the sea. You can pretend it's meant to be, but you can't stay away from me. I can still hear you making that sound, taking me down, rolling on the ground. You can pretend it was me, but no, oh! \" Tiberius sang at the top of his lungs. \" Baby, I'm preying on you tonight! Hunt you down, eat you alive just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Maybe you think that you can hide. I can smell your scent for miles just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Baby, I'm. \" All the pets smiled at Tiberius' singing. \" So if I run, it's not enough. You're still in my head forever stuck. So you can do what you wanna do, yeah. I love your lies, I'll eat them up, but don't deny the animal that comes alive when I'm inside you. Yeah, you can start over, you can run free. You can find other fish in the sea. You can pretend it's meant to be, but you can't stay away from me. I can still hear you making that sound, taking me down, rolling on the ground. You can pretend it was me, but no! \" \"You got this, my friend!\" Gidget encouraged her friend. \" Baby, I'm preying on you tonight! Hunt you down, eat you alive just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Maybe you think that you can hide. I can smell your scent for miles just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Baby, I'm. \" The hawk sang confidentially. \" Don't tell no lie, lie, lie, lie you can't deny, ny, ny, ny. That beast inside, side, side, side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No girl don't lie, lie, lie, lie you can't deny, ny, ny, ny. The beast inside, side, side, side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. \" Tiberius did an air guitar while holding the microphone. \"Oh oh, woah! Oh oh oh, woah oh oh oh! Just like animals, animals. Like animals-mals. Just like animals, animals Like animals-mals. Ah-ooh! \" he sang proudly. \" Baby, I'm preying on you tonight! Hunt you down, eat you alive just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! Maybe you think that you can hide. I can smell your scent for miles just like animals, animals, like animals-mals! \" \" Don't tell no lie, lie, lie, lie you can't deny, ny, ny, ny. That beast inside, side, side, side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No girl don't lie, lie, lie, lie you can't deny, ny, ny, ny. The beast inside, side, side, side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. \" After the last note is sung, the pets cheered and whistled at Tiberius' successful singing. \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" Tiberius praised his friends. Well, there you guys have it! I hope you all enjoyed this and please leave out reviews! I seriously think this story is getting better and better every time I update this! The song sung by Tiberius is \"Animals\" by Maroon 5 and I think I did pretty well with it. You want to know what Paps will sing next? We'll find out soon, so keep your eyes out for it![Chapter 9] Disclaimer: Do I own the songs? NO! They seriously belong to their respective owners! After Tiberius had put the CD back into the case, Gidget announced, \"Alright, Paps, you're next.\" \"Thank you, Gidget,\" Paps said, then walked up to the karaoke machine, looked through the CDs one by one and picked one out. Due to his paralyzed legs, it took him five minutes to put the CD into the machine. Once he did that, he presses the play button and a song began. All the pets were excited to hear Paps sing after the song started playing. Paps picked up the microphone and started singing. \" I got this feeling inside my bones. It goes electric, wavey when I turn it on. All through my city, all through my home, we're flying up, no ceiling, when we're in our zone. \" Everyone danced to the music while watching Paps perform. \" I got that sunshine in my pocket, got that good soul in my feet. I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops, ooh! I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomelly. Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop. \" Paps sang proudly. \" And under the lights when everything goes, nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close. When we move, well, you already know, so just imagine, just imagine, just imagine nothing I can see but when you dance, dance, dance, come on! All those things I shouldn't do, but you dance, dance, dance and ain't nobody leaving soon, so keeping dancing! I can't stop the feeling so just dance, dance, dance! I can't stop the feeling, so just dance, dance, dance! Come on. \" Max, Duke and the others danced to the beat of the song with big grins on their faces. \" Ooh, it's something magical! It's in the air, it's in my blood, it's rushing on. Don't need no reason, don't need control . I fly so high, no ceiling, when I'm in my zone. 'Cause I got that sunshine in my pocket, got that good soul in my feet. I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops, ooh! I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomelly. Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop. \" \" And under the lights when everything goes, nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close. When we move, well, you already know, so just imagine, just imagine, just imagine nothing I can see but when you dance, dance, dance, come on! All those things I shouldn't do, but you dance, dance, dance and ain't nobody leaving soon, so keeping dancing! I can't stop the feeling so just dance, dance, dance! I can't stop the feeling, so just dance, dance, dance! I can't stop the feeling so just dance, dance, dance! Come on. \" Paps sang. \" I can't stop the, I can't stop the, I can't stop the, I can't stop the feeling! \" \"You got this!\" Gidget commented. \" Nothing I can see but when you dance, dance, dance, come on! All those things I shouldn't do, but you dance, dance, dance and ain't nobody leaving soon, so keeping dancing! Everybody sing! Got this feeling in my body, got this feeling in my body. Wanna see you move your body! Got this feeling in my body. Break it down, got this feeling in my body. Can't stop the feeling! Got this feeling in my body, come on. \" The pets applauded as the basset hound took a bow with a big smile on his face. \"Thank you all. Hope you enjoyed it.\" He said with a chuckle. \"Well, since every one of us has went, does this mean karaoke is over?\" Snowball asked. \"Nope!\" Gidget announced optimistically. \"We have plenty of time because we'll be doing duets!\" This got everyone's attention as excitement filled over them again. \"Did you say we'll be doing duets?\" Duke asked. \"I sure did and I'd like Max to perform with me first.\" Gidget answered. \"Well, do you have an extra microphone?\" Max asked. \"Not to worry. I have an extra microphone. I'll go get it.\" With a flash, Gidget ran off to get another microphone. Max was so excited that he is going to perform a duet with his girlfriend. Oh boy! I can hardly wait to perform with her! he thought to himself. There you guys have it! I hope you enjoyed this. Looks like Max and Gidget are going to perform a duet next! Can you believe it?! The song that Paps sang was \"Can't Stop The Feeling\" by Justin Timberlake. Hope you enjoyed this chapter and please review! Chapter 10 will be about Max and Gidget singing their song. What song are they going to sing? We'll find out soon! Thank you and T.T.F.N. Ta-ta for now![Chapter 10] Hi, everyone! Now do you remember back in the previous chapter that I would be doing duets? That's right. The first duet song will be sung by Max and Gidget. Okay, I said too much, so sit back, relax and enjoy singing along with Max and Gidget! Disclaimer: I don't own this song or any of the other songs. They belong to their owners respectively. Less than five minutes later, Gidget came running down to the living room with another microphone in her mouth. \"I got it, guys! I got the microphone!\" Gidget shouted gleefully as she ran up to her friends. \"Well that was quick.\" Max said as he pointed out. \"Hey, uh, what song are you and Gidget going to sing?\" Duke asked. \"I don't know yet. But I think she might surprise me.\" Max answered. \"Maybe it's a love song.\" Chloe guessed. Max walked up to Gidget just as she finished attaching the second microphone into the karaoke machine which was next to the first microphone. \"Now that we got both microphones, time for us to pick a song we should sing to!\" Gidget said with excitement. The two dogs walked over to the drawer where the CDs were and opened the drawer. \"So, Gidget, what sing did you pick for us to sing to?\" Max asked curiously. \"It's one of your favorites!\" Gidget replied in a singsong voice. She searched through the CDs while Max ejected the CD out from the machine and placed it back into the case. The Pomeranian took a CD out and walked over to the machine with Max following her behind. \"Ready?\" Gidget asked. \"Ready as I'll ever be!\" Max replied. They took their places just as they each picked up the microphones and once Gidget inserted the disc into the machine and pressed the play button, the sound of music filled the room. \"Wait for it, wait for it.\" she replied. When the right moment came, she exclaimed, \"Five, six, seven eight!\" The two dogs started to dance and the other pets couldn't help but dance a little even though they were sitting on the floor. \" Picture perfect memories scattered all around the floor. \" Gidget sung. \" Reaching for the phone 'cause I can't fight it anymore. \" \" And I wonder if I'd ever cross your mind. \" both sung. \" For me, it happens all the time. \" Gidget sang before Max joined her. \" It's a quarter after one. I'm all alone and I need you now! Said I wouldn't call but I lost all control and I need you now! And I don't know how I can do without; I just need you now! \" The pets danced to the rhythm of the music and then Gidget said, \"Take it away, Max!\" \" Another shot of whiskey, can't stop looking at the door. \" Max sang proudly. \" Wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before. \" \" And I wonder if I'd ever cross your mind. \" both dogs sang before Max sang again. \" For me, it happens all the time! \" \" It's a quarter after one. I'm a little drunk and I need you now! Said I wouldn't call, but I lost all control and I need you now! And I don't know how I can do without; I just need you now! \" Max and Gidget danced all around while the pets danced along with the rhythm of the music., then went back to singing. \" Yes, I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all. \" \" It's a quarter after one. \" Gidget sang cheerfully. \" I'm all alone and I need you now. \" \" And I said I wouldn't call, but I'm a little drunk and I need you now. \" Max sang proudly. \" And I don't know how I can do without,\" both dogs sang. \" I just need you now! I just need you now! \" \" Oh, baby, I need you now! \" Gidget sang happily. Just as the song ended, the pets applauded at Max and Gidget's performance and they took a bow. \"You've been a great audience!\" Gidget announced kindly. She ejected the CD and placed it back into the case with the others. \"That was a lot of fun, Gidget!\" Max said happily. \"I enjoyed singing this duet with you.\" \"I'm glad to hear that, Max.\" Gidget replied with a smile. \"You sure made my day.\" They exchanged pooch smooches and stared at each other. \"Hey, lovebirds,\" Tiberius spoke up. \"I hate to be a party pooper, but I'm feeling kind of hungry and hadn't had lunch yet. So I'm afraid I'm gonna have to eat you both.\" \"What?!\" Max and Gidget exclaimed in shock at the same time. He flies towards the two with a screech and the dogs scream in terror and run, dodging the hawk's talons in time. He then all of a sudden starts howling with laughter and fell to the floor backwards. Soon his laughter died down and he got back up. \"I'm just messing with you!\" he said teasingly. Then all the other pets, including Chloe, starting laughing. But Max and Gidget were not amused. \"Seriously?\" Max asked disapprovingly. \"I already had my lunch.\" Tiberius said. \"I ate a whole turkey.\" Awww! Don't you love this moment? So there you have it, guys! The duet song that Max and Gidget sung was \"Need You Now\" by Lady Antebellum. If you never heard that song, you should listen to it. This is another country song and I'm a fan of country. Here's something exciting! The next chapter will be about when Max and Duke sing their song. What will it be? We'll find out soon! Hope you enjoyed it and please review, but keep your complaints and insults to yourself![Chapter 11] Well, here we are again, everyone! How's your Christmas been going? Great, right? So, here's chapter 11. The duet song Max and Duke will be from an episode from the TV show \"Family Guy\". Alright, I said too much, so I'll let you hear Max and Duke sing their duet. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own neither this song nor the others. They belong to their owners respectively. \"Hey, Duke, are you in the mood for singing with me?\" Max asked cheerfully as walked over to his brother. \"I sure am.\" Duke answered. \"This one should be about friendship since we're brothers now.\" \"I think that's a great idea.\" Max replied optimistically. Hearing that made Duke pant excitedly that he gets to perform with his rival-turned brother. Max walked over to the drawer and while waiting, Gidget watched Max lovingly with a look as if saying, \"You can do it, Max. I have faith in you.\" \"The song they'll singing together should be about friendship indeed.\" Chloe remarked. \"Oh, Duke! I picked out a song that might symbolize our brotherly bond!\" Max called. \"What is it?\" Duke called back. He walked over to Max who had the microphone in his paw and picked up another microphone off the floor. \"I hope you like this song as much as I do,\" said Max as he pushed the play button. Duke instantly recognized the song once he heard it. \"Hey, I know that song!\" he exclaimed. \"It's from one of those episodes from that adult-animated TV show!\" \"Yep, it's one of my favorite songs too.\" Max replied in agreement before he and Duke sung, \" You and I are so awfully different! Too awfully different to ever be pals! \" \" Your favorite hero is the Marquis de Sade! \" Max sung happily. \" You get a stiffy from Phylicia Rashad. \" Duke sung. \"Oh, one time.\" Max said with a chuckle. \" I've a style flair, just look at my hip hair!\" \" Oh yeah, that's quite a nice 'do there. \" \" Oh, thanks. \" \" For me to poop on!\" \" What? \" \" Oh, come on. You look like Charlie Brown. \" \" Bite me, Snoopy. \" \" There's not a whole lot that we've got to agree on! \" they sang enthusiastically. \" 'Cause I love the strings of a classical score! \" Max sung. \" And I like that singer who looks like a whore.\" Duke sung happily. \"Ricky Martin?\" \"Love him.\" \" We're too different to ever be pals! \" they sung. \" You and I are so awfully different, too awfully different, to ever be pals! \" \" Your head's as massive as a meteorite. \" the Jack Russell terrier sung. \"Oh, very funny.\" the brown shaggy dog said with a laugh before singing loudly, \" You have a weenie like a Christmas tree light. \" \" I bet money, you'll marry a honey who's pretty and funny and her named will be Ted. \" Max sung. \"Oh, a gay joke!\" Duke said, smiling. \"I just work with what you give me.\" Max said. \" You might think we're in sync, but we stink as a duo!\" they sung happily. \" 'Cause you get a kick out of carnage and guts! \" \" And you get a kick out of stroking your- \" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa,\" Max interrupted. \"You can't say that in front of our friends.\" \"What?\" Duke said with confusion. \"Ego?\" \"Never mind.\" Max said before the two dogs sung proudly, \" We're too different to ever be pals!\" After they sung the final chorus, the pets applauded with enthusiasm. \"Now that's what I call a perfect duet!\" Buddy said proudly as he applauded. Max and Duke took their bows and after that, the Jack Russell Terrier ejected the disc and placed it back into the case. \"You guys were awesome!\" Snowball said enthusiastically. \"Can I get your autographs?\" \"We're sorry, but we don't have anything to put our paws in and then leave our pawprints on.\" Duke answered with disappointment. \"Oh, that's alright.\" the rabbit answered. Woo! That chapter was a lot of fun to write to! Hey, I'm very impressed to see this story coming out so good because of most of you guys supporting me and I'd like to say thank you. The song that Max and Duke sung was \"You and I are So Awfully Different\", which is off of the episode \"Road to Europe\" from \"Family Guy\" which is my favorite TV show. I hope you liked this chapter and please review! Chapter 12 will be uploaded soon. Who will perform the next duet? We'll find out soon! Thank you and hope you have a Merry Christmas![Chapter 12] Disclaimer: I, once again, don't own the songs. Their respective owners do. \"Hey, Chloe, why don't you perform a duet with me?\" Gidget suggested as she walked over to the obese cat. \"Really?\" Chloe said before she reluctantly said in agreement, \"Alright.\" Gidget smiled as the two walked over to the drawer where the CDs were. \"So, what song do you want to sing with me?\" Chloe asked once they got to the drawer. \"It's a girl's song, so I was thinking we should sing one together.\" Gidget responded. Chloe thought about singing a girl's song again whether it was alone or together. Since she's singing one with Gidget, a smile formed on her face. \"Whatever floats your boat, Gidget,\" the cat said. Gidget immediately went looking through the CDs and pulled one out. Then she walked over to the karaoke machine with Chloe following behind. \"Oh boy! Another duet!\" Duke exclaimed excitedly. \"This is seriously exciting!\" \"This sounds like a girl's song sort of thing,\" Tiberius proclaimed. \"I gotta admit,\" Snowball said. \"This is one of the best days I ever had in my life. In fact, this one is a lot better than plotting vengeance on the humans and their pets.\" \"I'm so happy to hear that you're having fun, Snowball.\" Max said. Gidget took the disc out of the case, inserted it into the karaoke machine and as soon as she pressed the play button, a jaunty song started playing which got her and Chloe to pick up the microphones. \"This one goes out to us, Chloe.\" Gidget said. \"Bring it on!\" Chloe challenged. \" I come home in the morning light. My mother says 'when you gonna live your live right?'\" the Pomeranian sang warmly. Chloe chuckled at her singing voice. \" Oh, mother dear, we're not the fortunate ones. And girls, they want to have fun. Oh, girls just want to have fun! \" \"Well, in that case.\" Chloe said before singing, \" The phone rings in the middle of the night. My father yells, 'what you gonna do with your life?' Oh, daddy dear, you know you're still number one. But girls, they want to have fun. Oh, girls just want to have. \" \" That's all they really want: some fun! When the working day is done, girls, they want to have fun. Oh, girls just want to have fun! \" they sung. \" Some boys take a beautiful girl and hide her away from the rest of the world. \" Chloe sung. \" I want to be the one to walk in the sun. Oh, girls, they want to have fun. Oh, girls, just want to have. \" Gidget sung loudly and triumphantly. \" That's all they really want: some fun! When the working day is done, girls, they want to have fun. Oh, girls just want to have fun! \" they sung loudly with confidence. After the song ended, all the pets applauded and whistled. \"Wahoo! Best girl duet ever!\" Buddy cheered happily. \"You ladies were fantastic!\" \"Oh, please, you're too much.\" Gidget chuckled. Both cat and dog took a bow and as Chloe ejected the disc and placed it back into the case, Chloe walked back over to the pets. \"I can't tell which song is my favorite, but I like them all so far.\" Mel commented. \"Really? Well, that's surprising. My favorite is 'Bad to the Bone' because it reminds me of when I used to plot revenge on humans and pets.\" Snowball stated. \"Well, I'm glad you changed.\" Max said. So, how was that, guys? Don't you just love it when girls sing together? The song that Gidget and Chloe sung was \"Girls Just Want To Have Fun\" by Cyndi Lauper. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and please review! The next chapter will be about when Gidget and Tiberius sing their duet. What song will they sing? I'll give you a hint: It's sung my Meghan Trainor. I figured this song was a great way to start the new year! How is your New Year's Day and what's your resolution? Mine is to read and review stories and chapters written by my best friend Orangebird124. Thank you and cheerio![Chapter 13] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. Their rightful owners do. \"Hey, Tiberius, old pal, do you think you can perform a duet with me since I already did with Chloe?\" Gidget asked. \"I guess I could.\" Tiberius said. \"Now that we became close friends during our journey throughout New York.\" Gidget gave out a small chuckle. \"But I'm picking the song,\" Tiberius said to the Pomeranian. \"No questions asked.\" \"Deal.\" Pomeranian stated as she shook the hawk's foot. \"Let's do this!\" Gidget walked over to the karaoke machine and picked up the microphone while Tiberius went into the drawer and took a CD out. He opened the case and inserted the disc into the machine, pressed the play button and a song started playing. They waited until it was the perfect time to sing. \" I found myself dreaming in silver and gold. Like a scene from a movie that every broken part knows, we were walking on moonlight and you pulled me close. Split second and you disappeared and then I was all alone. \" Gidget sung. \" I woke up in tears with you by my side, a breath of relief and I realized. No, we're not promised tomorrow. \" \" So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you! I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye wherever we're standing. I won't take you for granted 'cause we'll never know when we'll run out of time, so I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. \" \"Keep it up, guys!\" Max cheered happily. \" In the blink of an eye, just a whisper of smoke, you could lose everything. The truth is you never know. \" Tiberius sung. \" So I'll kiss you longer, baby. Any chance that I get, I'll make the most of minutes and love with no regrets. Let's take our time to say what we want, use what we got before it's all gone 'cause no, we're not promised tomorrow. \" \" So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you! \" both sung.\" I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye wherever we're standing. I won't take you for granted 'cause we'll never know when we'll run out of time, so I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. \" \"Time to finish this off!\" Tiberius announced triumphantly. \" So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you! I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye wherever we're standing. I won't take you for granted 'cause we'll never know when we'll run out of time, so I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you. \" they sung. As the song ended, the other pets applauded with enthusiasm. \"That was awesome singing, guys!\" Chloe exclaimed proudly. \"Nicely job done, Gidget!\" Buddy cheered. \"Well done, Tiberius.\" Mel said with a smile. \"Fist bump, my friend.\" Gidget as she held out her fist to Tiberius. He taps his fist with Gidget's, then ejected the CD and placed it back into the case. \"Hey, Max, you want to perform a duet with me?\" he asked Max. \"Well, I'm not sure, especially after you pranked me and Gidget.\" Max asked unsurely. \"Don't worry. I won't eat you. It was just a joke.\" \"Then yes! I'm in!\" Well, there you have it, guys. That wraps up chapter 13 and the song that Gidget and Tiberius sang was \"Like I'm Gonna Lose You\" by Meghan Trainor ft. John Legend. I think they make good friends after their mission to rescue Max. So, please review this chapter! Chapter 14 will be uploaded soon so you'll get to see Max and Tiberius sing their duet. Thank you and adios amigos![Chapter 14] Disclaimer: I know, I know, I don't own the songs. They belong to their respective owners. No questions asked. Max and Tiberius walked over to the drawer and started looking through the CDs on which song they wanted to sing to next. \"Max, that's a lot of CDs in there.\" Tiberius said. \"I know, right?\" Max replied. \"Now all we have to do is pick out a song for us to sing to.\" They searched through the CDs and a minute later, Tiberius came up with an idea. \"Hey, Max, how about you surprise me with a song?\" the hawk suggested kindly. \"Are you sure about this?\" Max asked as his eyes widened in surprise. \"Of course I am. I love surprises.\" Tiberius answered confidentially. \"To be honest, I really think you should surprise me.\" The dog stared at him for a moment and said, \"Okay.\" Max walked over to the karaoke machine and picked up the microphone. \"I thought you and Tiberius were going to pick a song together.\" Gidget said to her boyfriend. \"We were until I decided that I'm going to let him surprise me.\" said Max. \"My guess is that you guys are going to sing 'Uptown Funk'.\" Duke stated. \"Who knows? It could be anything.\" Max said as he pointed out. \"Alright, Max, I chose the song that we're going to sing.\" Tiberius announced as he flew over to Max with the CD in his foot-hand. \"I also hope you like the surprise.\" \"Oh, I bet I will!\" Max exclaimed gleefully. \"In fact, I believe it'll be fantastic!\" The hawk took the CD out of the case, inserted the one he chose into the machine and just as he pushed the play button, a song started to play as picked up the microphone. \"This song is amazing! I like it so much!\" Max cried excitedly. \"Glad to hear that.\" Tiberius said proudly. \"Ready?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be!\" \" You put the boom-boom into my heart, you send my soul sky high when your loving starts .\" Max sung. \" Jitterbug into my brain goes a bang-bang-bang 'til my feet do the same, but something's bugging you. \" Something ain't right, my best friend told me what you did last night. Left me sleepin' in my bed.\" Tiberius sung.\" I was dreaming, but I should have been with you instead. \" \" Wake me up before you go-go , don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo! \" they sang in unison. \" Wake me up before you go-go, I don't want to miss it when you hit that high. Wake me up before you go-go 'cause I'm not plannin' on going solo. Wake me up before you go-go, take me dancing tonight. I wanna hit that high! \" \"That's a really nice song.\" Duke said to Chloe, who nodded. \" You take the grey skies out of my way , you make the sun shine brighter than Doris Day, turned a bright spark into a flame. \" Max sung.\" My beats per minute never been the same. \" \" 'Cause you're my lady, I'm your fool. \" Tiberius sung.\" It makes me crazy when you act so cruel. Come on, baby, let's not fight. We'll go dancing, everything will be all right .\" \" Wake me up before you go-go , don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo! \" they sang loudly. \" Wake me up before you go-go, I don't want to miss it when you hit that high. Wake me up before you go-go 'cause I'm not plannin' on going solo. Wake me up before you go-go, take me dancing tonight. I wanna hit that high! \" Duke, Paps, Chloe and Snowball started to hum along to the song. \"You know, Tiberius, I enjoy singing this song with you.\" Max said happily. \"Thanks, pal.\" Tiberius complimented before he sung, \" Cuddle up, baby, move in tight. We'll go dancing tomorrow night. \" \" It's cold out there, but it's warm in bed. \" The Jack Russell Terrier sang. \" They can dance, we'll stay home instead. \" \" Wake me up before you go-go , don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo! \" they sang. \" Wake me up before you go-go, I don't want to miss it when you hit that high. Wake me up before you go-go 'cause I'm not plannin' on going solo. Wake me up before you go-go, take me dancing tonight. Wake me up before you go-go, don't you dare to leave me hanging like a yo-yo! Take me dancing! \" The pets whistled and applauded at the same time. \"Wow! You guys were great!\" Gidget cheered. \"Love your singing, bro!\" Duke said happily. \"No problem, Duke.\" Max replied, smiling. Then he ejected the CD and placed it back into the case. *panting* Whew! Working on this creative story is harder than I thought. But don't mind because that's my goal. So, we're all done with chapter 14 and the duet song that Max and Tiberius sang was \"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go by Wham! This is in memory of George Michael who passed away last Christmas. Next in chapter 15, Max and Snowball will be singing a song from John Legend. Please review this chapter. Thanks and see you later, alligator! R.I.P. George Michael (June25, 1963 - December 25, 2016)[Chapter 15] Hi, everybody! How's your winter going? It's mostly been warm in my area for January. Well, here's a song that Max and Snowball are going to sing and trust me, you'll like this! I hope you all enjoy this as much as I do. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. They belong to their rightful owners. \"Hey, Snowball, I just realized that you didn't do a duet with any of us yet, so why don't we do one together?\" Max suggested. \"It'll be you and me.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Snowball said, looking all stoic. \"I hate to be a party pooper, but singing with others is not my thing.\" \"I'll give you plenty of carrots for dinner.\" Max encouraged cheerfully. Hearing the word 'carrots' made Snowball's mouth water. \"You mean that?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"Alrighty then.\" Snowball surrendered. \"Depending on the song, I think I might get used to singing with others.\" With a satisfied grin, Max walked over to the drawer, followed by Snowball, and took a CD out. \"Care to do the honors, Snow?\" Max asked as he handed the CD to Snowball. \"With pleasure.\" he replied. He inserted the disc into the karaoke machine, pushed the play button and a song started playing as the picked up the microphones. \"What song is this?\" Snowball asked curiously. \"This song reminds me of how me and Gidget love each other.\" Max answered. \" What would I do without your smart mouth? \" Max sung. \" Drawing me in, and you kicking me out. You've got my head spinning, no kidding, I can't pin you down. What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride and I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but I'll be alright. \" \" My head's underwater, but I'm breathing fine. \" Snowball sung clearly. \" You're crazy and I'm out of my mind. \" \" 'Cause all of me loves all of you. \" the two sung in unison. \" Love your curves and all your edges. All your perfect imperfections give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning. Even when I lose, I'm winning 'cause I give you all of me and give me all of you, oh-oh. \" \"How many times do I have to tell you?\" Max sung. \" Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too. The world is beating you down, I'm around through every mood. You're my downfall, you're my muse. My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues. I can't stop singing, it's ringing, in my head for you. \" \" My head's underwater, but I'm breathing fine. \" Snowball sung. \" You're crazy and I'm out of my mind. \" \" 'Cause all of me loves all of you. \" they sung. \" Love your curves and all your edges. All your perfect imperfections give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning. Even when I lose, I'm winning 'cause I give you all of me and give me all of you, oh-oh. \" \" Give me all of you. \" Snowball sung with a smile. \" Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts. Risking it all, though it's hard. \" \" 'Cause all of me loves all of you. \" Max and Snowball sung. \" Love your curves and all your edges. All your perfect imperfections give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning. Even when I lose, I'm winning 'cause I give you all of me and give me all of you. \" \" I give you all of me. \" the Jack Russell Terrier sung. \" And you give me all of you, oh-oh. \" the rabbit sung. As the song ended, the other pets applauded with enthusiasm. \"You boys were brilliant!\" Duke cheered proudly. \"Thanks, everybody!\" Max complimented as he and Snowball took their bows. \"Hope you all liked it!\" \"I guess singing with friends isn't so bad after all now is it?\" Snowball said happily as he ejected the disc and placed it back into the case. \"No, it's not.\" Max stated with a smile. \"Thanks for singing with me, Snowball. I'll be sure to give you plenty of carrots tonight.\" The rabbit nodded thankfully and said as he stepped up to Duke, \"And since I did a duet with Max, I think it's your turn to do one with me, brown-haired dog.\" \"Me?\" Duke asked surprisingly. Well, that wraps up chapter 11, folks! I seriously hope you all liked this chapter and the song that Max and Snowball sung was \"All Of Me\" by John Legend. This next chapter will be about Duke and Snowball singing their song. Please leave out reviews. Keep supporting my story and keep reviewing![Chapter 16] Disclaimer: I don't own the songs. Their rightful owners do. \"Yes, you. If I could do one with Max, I'm sure you can do it with me.\" Snowball said. \"I like the sound of that. After all, you did help me and Max escape from the dogcatchers' truck.\" Duke said. \"Hey, about you two do a Disney song?\" Max suggested. \"Seems like a lot of fun.\" \"Did we ever sing a Disney song before?\" Buddy asked. \"I don't think so.\" Chloe answered solemnly. \"Well, now's your chance so you better do it.\" Max said. Duke and Snowball walked over to the drawer and started looking through the CDs. \"What do you think is a good song for us to sing to?\" the brown-haired dog asked. \"We better think about that one.\" Snowball replied. A minute later, Snowball snapped his paws and exclaimed, \"Hey! I know a song we can sing to!\" \"You do?\" Duke asked. \"Absolutely.\" the rabbit said as he took a CD out. \"Are you ready for this?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be.\" Duke said. They walked over to the karaoke machine, picked up the microphones and Snowball inserted the disc in. \"What song did you two pick?\" Tiberius asked. \"You're about to find out right now.\" Snowball answered as he pushed the play button. Suddenly, a song started to play and Duke was the first one to start it. \" They say we are what we are, but we don't have to be. I'm bad behavior, but I do it in the best way. \" he sang. \" I'll be the watcher of the eternal flame. I'll be the guard dog of all your fever dreams. \" \" Oooooooh, I am the sand in the bottom of the hourglass. \" Snowball sang. \" Oooooooh, I try to picture me without you, but I can't. \" \"Woohoo! You go, Snowball!\" Max cheered. \" 'Cause we could be immortals, immortals! Just not for long, for long. \" both sang triumphantly. \" And live with me forever now, you pull the blackout curtains down, just not for long, for long. We could be immooooooo- immortals, immooooooo- immortals, immooooooo- immortals, immooooooo- immortals. \" \"This is my kind of song.\" Paps said to all his friends, as he snapped his paws along to the song. \"I agree with you,\" Gidget said satisfied. \"Take it away, my friend!\" Snowball said. \" Sometimes the only pay-off for having any faith is when it's tested again and again every day. \" Duke sang. \" I'm still comparing your past to my future. It might be your wound but they're my sutures. \" \" Oooooooh, I am the sand in the bottom of the hourglass. \" Snowball sang at the top of his lungs. \" Oooooooh, I try to picture me without you, but I can't. \" \" 'Cause we could be immortals, immortals! Just not for long, for long. \" Duke and Snowball sang loud and clear. \" And live with me forever now, you pull the blackout curtains down, just not for long, for long. We could be immooooooo- immortals, immooooooo- immortals, immortals. \" \"Now you're talking!\" Chloe exclaimed happily. \"Disney for the win!\" Gidget announced triumphantly. \"You tell them!\" Tiberius agreed. \" And live with me forever now. \" Duke sang. \" Pull the blackout curtains down! \" Snowball sang out loud. \" We could be immortals, immortals! Just not for long, for long. \" they sang in unison. \" We could be immooooooo- immortals, immooooooo- immortals, immortals. \" As the song ended, the pets whistled and applauded. \"That was amazing!\" Max cheered happily. \"All of the songs are amazing!\" \"Bravo!\" Mel cheered. \"You boys were fantastic!\" \"Thank you.\" Duke said. They took their bows and Duke ejected the CD before placing it back into the case. \"So what did you all think of our performance?\" Snowball asked. \"I think your performance was amazing as always.\" Max complimented. \"I really liked your performance.\" Gidget said kindly. \"It's alright, I guess.\" Chloe said in a deadpan voice. \"Say what?!\" Duke and Snowball exclaimed with shocked expressions. Suddenly, Chloe bursted into a fit of laughter. \"Oh, come on! It was only a joke!\" she laughed. When she settled down, she said, \"Seriously though, you boys were fabulous.\" \"Thanks.\" Snowball complimented. \"Okay, is there anyone who hasn't performed with me yet want to sing with me?\" the rabbit asked. \"Me,\" Gidget said as she stepped up. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and the song that Duke and Snowball sang was \"Immortals\" by Fall Out Boy. Fun fact: This song was off of the Disney movie \"Big Hero 6\". In the next chapter, Snowball and Gidget will sing a duet. You can review, but keep your complaints and insults to yourself![Chapter 17] Disclaimer: I do not, I repeat, do NOT own this song. \"Oh, my gosh, you're right!\" Snowball exclaimed. \"I almost forgot about you, white dog!\" \"Hey, don't worry about it.\" Gidget said as she walked up to him. \"Besides, I would love to sing a duet with you.\" \"Well, in that case, let's do it!\" the rabbit said. They walked over to the drawer and started looking through the CDs. Luckily, it didn't take long for them to agree on what song they were going to sing to. \"Did you two pick out a good song?\" Max asked enthusiastically. \"We sure did.\" Gidget answered. \"In fact, we both like this song.\" \"Can you tell us what you'll be singing to?\" Duke asked. \"You'll have to see for yourself.\" Snowball replied. He walked over to the karaoke machine, opened the case and placed the disc inside. Gidget handed him the microphone and as soon as she pressed the play button, the song started playing as she picked up the microphone. \" I spend 20 years trying to get out of this place. I was looking for something I couldn't replace. \" Snowball sung confidentially. \" I was running away from the only thing I've ever known. \" \" Like a blind dog without a bone, I was a gypsy lost in the twilight zone. \" Gidget sung. \" I hijacked a rainbow and crashed into a pot of gold. \" \" I been there, done that and I ain't looking back on the seeds I've sown. \" Snowball sung. \" Saving dimes, spending too much time on the telephone. \" the Pomeranian sung. \" Who says you can't go home? \" \" Who says you can't go home? There's only one place they call me one of their own. \" they sung in unison. \" Just a hometown boy born a rolling stone, who says you can't go home? Who says you can't go back? Been all around the world and as a matter of fact, there's only one place left I want to go. Who says you can't go home? It's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright. \" \" I went as far as I could, I tried to find a new face. \" Gidget sung. \" There isn't one of these lines that I would erase. I lived a million miles of memories on that road. \" \" With every step I take, I know that I'm not alone. \" he sung. \" You take the home from the boy, but not the boy from his home. These are my streets, the only life I've ever known. Who says you can't go home? \" \" Who says you can't go home? There's only one place they call me one of their own. \" they sung. \" Just a hometown boy born a rolling stone, who says you can't go home? Who says you can't go back? Been all around the world and as a matter of fact, there's only one place left I want to go. Who says you can't go home? It's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright. \" \" I been there, done that and I ain't looking back. It's been a long, long road. Feels like I never left, that's how the story goes. \" \" It doesn't matter where you are. \" the rabbit sung proudly. \" It doesn't matter where you go. \" the Pomeranian sung. \" If it's a million miles away or just a mile up the road, \" Snowball and Gidget sung proudly. \" Take it in, take it with you when you go. \" \" Who says you can't go home? \" the other pets sung. \" Who says you can't go home? There's only one place they call me one of their own. \" Snowball and Gidget sung in unison. \" Just a hometown boy born a rolling stone, who says you can't go home? Who says you can't go back? Been all around the world and as a matter of fact, there's only one place left I want to go. Who says you can't go home? \" \" It's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright. \" Max and Duke sung. \" Who says you can't go home? \" Snowball and Gidget sung loudly. They applauded as the song ended while the rabbit and the Pomeranian took their bows. \"Thanks for listening. We hope you enjoyed it.\" Snowball complimented politely. Gidget ejected the disc and placed it back into the case and asked, \"Did you guys like the song?\" \"I loved it! It was so cool!\" Max said happily. \"You guys were seriously awesome.\" Chloe said sweetly. \"I gotta admit, that was an awesome song!\" Tiberius said. \"Agreed. You know, times flies when you're having fun.\" the rabbit said. \"Now I gotta sing with the old dog.\" Snowball said as he addressed Paps. \"Well, okay.\" Paps replied. So, that's it for chapter 17, everybody! I hope you enjoyed this duet and the song that Gidget and Snowball sang was \"Who Says You Can't Go Home\" by Bon Jovi. Please review this chapter, but no complaints or insults please. This next chapter will be when Snowball and Paps sing a duet.[Chapter 18] Hey, everybody. I want to let you know that I will make sure that I let all the pets have a chance to sing their duets, especially Chloe and Mel in one of my future chapters. They have plenty of time to sing. Now for your listening pleasure, let's listen to Snowball and Paps sing their duet! Disclaimer: I don't own the songs. Sorry, but that's the way the cookie crumbles! Snowball grabbed Paps' paw and took him over to the drawer and started looking through the CDs one by one. \"There's got to be a good one we can sing to.\" Paps said as he scrambled through the CDs. \"I know, look at all those CDs in there.\" Snowball said in agreement. \"There's so many to choose from.\" \"Do you guys need any help?\" Max called. \"No thanks, Max.\" the rabbit called back politely. \"I think we got this.\" As they searched, Paps spotted a CD, pulled it out and looked at it. \"Hey, look at this. It's vintage but covered with dust.\" he said. Snowball looked at the CD and took it from him. Then he blew the dust off and gave it back to him as he said, \"This CD looks it came from one of those movies from the \"Despicable Me\" franchise, so why don't we try this one out?\" \"Yeah, I guess we can go for it.\" Paps agreed. They walked over to the karaoke machine and saw the other pets sitting on the floor. They all stayed calm, but some of them were impatient. \"We hope you guys enjoy this song.\" The basset hound said to his friends. Snowball opened the case, inserted the disc into the machine and pressed the play button. A song started playing just as they picked up the microphones. \"I wonder what song that is, Max?\" Duke asked curiously to his brother. \"Like Snowball said, it's from one of those \"Despicable Me\" movies.\" Max answered with a smile. \" It might seem crazy what I'm about to say. \" Snowball sung happily. \" Sunshine, she's here, you can take a break. \" \" I'm a hot-air balloon that could go to space. \" Paps sung. \" With the air, like I don't care, baby, by the way. Uh! \" \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof. \" Paps and Snowball sung in unison. \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you know what happiness is to you. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do. \" \"Sing it, guys!\" Gidget cheered loudly. \"Sing it with all your might!\" \" Here come bad news, talking this and that, yeah. \" the rabbit sung. \" Well, give me all you got and don't hold it back, yeah. \" \" Well, I should probably warn you, I'll be just fine, yeah. \" Paps sung proudly. \" No offense to you, don't waste your time. Here's why. \" The other pets danced along with the music. \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof. \" the rabbit and basset hound sung loudly and confidentially. \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you know what happiness is to you. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do. \" \"I instantly liked this song that first time I heard it.\" Chloe whispered to Mel. \"I agree with you.\" Mel responded with a nod. \" Bring me down! \" Paps sung. \" Can't nothing bring me down? My level's too high! \" \" Bring me down!\" Snowball sung. \" Can't nothing bring me down? I said. \" \" Bring me down! Can't nothing bring me down? My level's too high! Bring me down! Can't nothing bring me down? I said. \" \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof. \" they sung in unison. \" Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you know what happiness is to you. Because I'm happy! Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do. \" Paps and Snowball danced around with the microphone and sang until the song finally ended. The other pets applauded as they whistled and cheered. \"Great job, guys!\" Tiberius cheered happily. \"I'm proud of you!\" \"Wow! That was an awesome duet you guys did!\" Mel said proudly. \"I think both of you nailed it!\" \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" Snowball complimented politely. He took Paps' paw and they took a bow. Then he ejected the disc and placed it back into the case. \"Hey, uh, before we move on to who will perform next, do you guys want to hear a joke?\" Buddy asked. \"Sure.\" Max said. \"Yeah, tell us a joke!\" Snowball said excitedly. \"I love jokes!\" \"Okay. What is a vampire's favorite dog?\" \"I don't know.\" Duke said with a shrug. \"I have no idea.\" Gidget answered. \"What is a vampire's favorite dog?\" Snowball repeated the question. \"A blood hound!\" Buddy said and laughed. The others laughed so hard as they rolled on the floor. \"Ha... ha... ha...!\" Chloe laughed slowly, making an impression of Flash the sloth from \"Zootopia\". After the pets stopped laughing, they sighed and some of them wiped tears of funniness from their eyes. So, what did you guys think? It was a lot of fun writing this chapter, don't you agree? The song that Paps and Snowball sang was \"Happy\" by Pharrell Williams. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and remember to review! This next chapter will be about when Paps and Max sing their duet and the song is a complete mystery. Don't worry, this story is far from over! I still have many of the other pets to sing duets with. Thank you and see in the next chapter![Chapter 19] Disclaimer: I don't own this song or the others. Their rightful owners do. \"Okay, now that the laughter has died down and got a hold of ourselves,\" Chloe said. \"Can we get on with this party?\" \"Yeah.\" Gidget said, before she turned to Max. \"Hey, Max, don't you have a duet to sing with Paps?\" \"OMG! Yes, I do! Thanks for reminding me!\" Max exclaimed before he turned to Paps. \"Alright, Paps, we have a duet to sing.\" \"I'm ready when you are.\" Paps said. With a satisfied grin, Max took Paps over to the drawer and they started looking through the CDs. While waiting, Snowball was snacking on a carrot. \"I can't wait to hear what song they're going to sing a duet to!\" Buddy whispered fiercely. \"I'm sure it's a good one.\" Mel answered. \"Okay, guys, we finally picked out a song that we're going to sing.\" Max announced as he walked over to the other pets with Paps following from behind. \"You have?\" Tiberius asked excitedly. \"Really?\" \"Yep. We hope you enjoy our performance.\" Paps answered with a smile. Max and Paps walked over to the karaoke machine as Max opened the case. He then inserted the disc inside and just as he pushed the play button, a song started to play as they picked up the microphones. \"Hey, this is a catchy song, I must say.\" Snowball replied as he was suddenly snapping his paws along. \"I think I remember one time me and Max were riding in the car with Katie and this song started to play on the radio.\" Duke said. \" Guess it's true, I'm not good at a one-night stand. \" Max sang. \" But I still need love 'cause I'm just a man. \" \" These nights never seem to go to plan. \" Paps sung. \" I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? \" \" Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need. \" they sang in unison. \" This ain't love, it's clear to see. But darling, stay with me. \" \" Why am I so emotional? \" the Jack Russell Terrier sang. \"No, it's not a good look, gain some self control. \" \" And deep down, I know this never works. \" Paps sung. \" But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt. \" \" Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need. \" they sang loudly. \" This ain't love, it's clear to see. But darling, stay with me. \" During the instrumental break, Paps said with an impressed look, \"Hey, Max, I just wanted to say that you picked out a really good song for us to sing to.\" \"Thanks.\" Max complimented politely. \"That song was my choice and I thought it'd be perfect.\" \"We all have been picking out perfect songs.\" Gidget said, trying to stay optimistic. \"And can we say one thing?\" \"Yeah?\" Max asked. \"You rock!\" His friends exclaimed proudly. The two dogs smiled warmly and Max sang, \" Oh, won't you stay with me? \" \" 'Cause you're all I need. \" Paps sang softly but clearly. \" This ain't love, it's clear to see. \" The Jack Russell Terrier sung clearly. \" But darling, stay with me. \" \" Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need. \" Max and Paps sang loudly and triumphantly. \" This ain't love, it's clear to see. But darling, stay with me. \" As the song ended, the other pets applauded with enthusiasm. \"Wow! That was great!\" Duke cheered enthusiastically. \"I enjoyed that very much!\" Gidget said happily. \"Thanks, everybody!\" Max complimented politely. \"I'm glad that you all liked it!\" Max and Paps took their bows and then Paps ejected the disc and placed it back into the case. \"Nicely job done singing, Max!\" Buddy said proudly, before he turned to the basset hound. \"Especially you, Paps.\" \"Well, I'd like for Chloe to sing a duet with me next and I know just the one.\" Max announced cheerfully. And that wraps up chapter 19, folks! You heard what Max said, he is going to sing a duet with Chloe in the next chapter! Oh, and the duet song that Max and Paps sang was \"Stay With Me\" by Sam Smith. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and please review! Thanks for all your support, once again! Thank you and see you in the next chapter![Chapter 20] Disclaimer: I don't own these songs. Sorry! \"Alright,\" Max announced. \"Is there any of you who haven't performed with me yet want to sing a duet with me?\" \"I do.\" Chloe spoke up. \"I was hoping you would, Chloe.\" Chloe walked up to the karaoke machine next to Max. \"Are you ready?\" the dog asked his cat friend. \"Ready as I'll ever be.\" They went over to the drawer, looked through the CDs until they come to one the they were looking for. While the other pets were waiting, Tiberius ate a little bit of steak that came out of the refrigerator. Just then, Max and Chloe came up front prepared to sing their duet together. Max inserted the disc they chose into the machine. Soon enough, a song started playing. They picked up the microphones and started singing. \" I remember when rock was young. Me and Suzie had so much fun holding hands and skimming stones! \" Max sang. \" Had an old gold Chevy and a place of my own. \" \" But the biggest kick I ever got was doing a thing called the Crocodile Rock! \" Chloe sang. \" While the other kids were Rocking Round the Clock, we were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock! \" \" Well, Crocodile Rocking is something shocking when your feet can't keep still. \" the dog sang. \" I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. \" the cat sang. \" Oh, Lawdy mama, those Friday nights when Suzie wore her dresses tight and the Crocodile Rocking was out of sight! \" both sang in unison. The other pets danced along with the rhythm of the music and mouthed the words along while Gidget watched Max and Chloe sing with a big smile on her face. \" But the years went by and the rock just died. \" Max sang loud and clear. \" Suzie went and left us for some foreign guy. \" \" Long nights crying by the record machine dreaming of my old Chevy and my old blue jeans. \" Chloe sang loudly. \" But they'll never kill the thrills we've got burning up to the Crocodile Rock! \" both sang triumphantly. \" Learning fast as the weeks went past, we really thought the Crocodile Rock would last. \" \" Well, Crocodile Rocking is something shocking when your feet can't keep still. I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. Oh, Lawdy mama, those Friday nights when Suzie wore her dresses tight and the Crocodile Rocking was out of sight! \" After the last note of the song was sung, Max and Chloe are met with big rounds of applause by their friends. \"You two were the bomb!\" Duke praised them. \"Thank you!\" Max said cheerfully. \"Thank you very much!\" \"You know, Max,\" Chloe said to the dog. \"I was in a sulking mood before I started performing with you, but now that we sung this song, it has now put me in a better mood.\" \"Really?\" \"I mean that,\" she said with a smile. Max chuckled at that last sentence. Well, that wraps up chapter 20, ladies and gentlemen! The song sung by Max and Chloe is \"Crocodile Rock\" by Elton John. I woke in a bad mood this morning, but once I listened to this song, it put me in a great mood again. Anyway, I will see you in the next chapter! Toodles![Chapter 21] Disclaimer: I don't own this song or any of the others. Their rightful owners own them no matter what. \"Anyone else want to perform a duet with me?\" Max asked his friends. \"I do.\" Buddy spoke up. \"And I know what song we should sing to.\" \"I was hoping you would, Buddy.\" The two dogs went over to the drawer and pulled a CD out. Then they closed the case, inserted the disc into the karaoke machine while the other pets sat and waited patiently for them to start performing. Soon, a song started playing. \"I bet it's going to be a good one.\" Duke whispered to his friends. \"I agree.\" Gidget whispered in reply. \" Eheu eh-o eheu eh-o! \" Max and Buddy sang eight times into their microphones. The others pets danced to the beat of the song as they watched Max and Buddy sing. \" I was left to my own devices.\" Max sang at the top of his lungs. \" Many days fell away with nothing to show. \" \" And the walls kept tumbling down in the city that we love. \" Buddy sang into his microphone. \" Great clouds roll over the hills bringing darkness from above. \" \" But if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? \" both dogs sang loud and clear. \" And if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like you've been here before. How am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? \" \"You got this!\" Mel encouraged cheerfully. \" We were caught up and lost in all of our vices. \" the Jack Russell Terrier sang. \" In your pose as the dust settled around us. \" \" And the walls kept tumbling down in the city that we love. \" the dachshund sang out loud. \" Great clouds roll over the hills bringing darkness from above. \" \" But if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? \" Max and Buddy sang clearly. \" And if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like you've been here before. How am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? \" Everyone watched the performance with big grins on their faces while Duke and Mel hummed along with the song. \" Oh, where do we begin? The rubble or our sins? \" the pets mouthed. \" And the walls kept tumbling down in the city that we love. \" Max sang happily. \" Great clouds rolls over the hills bringing darkness from above. \" Buddy sang joyfully. \" But if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? \" the two sang triumphantly. \" And if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like you've been here before. How am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? \" \" If you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? \" Max sang the last note of the song. After the song ended, the pets whistled and cheered at Max and Buddy's successful performance. \"That was awesome, bro!\" Duke praised Max. \"You two brought the house down!\" Tiberius complemented. \"Bravo! Encore!\" Paps congratulated the two dogs. What do you guys think of this stirring performance? I hope you liked this and please review! The song that Max and Buddy sang is \"Pompeii\" by Bastille. As usual, I'll be working on the next duet song, and Max and Mel will perform next! Until the next chapter, everybody![Chapter 22] Disclaimer: I don't own this song or any of the others. Their respective owners do. \"Well, now that I performed a duet with Buddy,\" Max announced. \"It's Mel's turn to sing one with me.\" Once Mel heard this, he yapped and jumped up and down excitedly. \"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!\" Mel exclaimed with glee. The others chuckled at Mel's hyperactive behavior as the pug ran up Max. They looked through the CDs, pulled one out and inserted it into the machine. Mel pressed the play button and a song came on. \"Let me talk to them, let me talk to them.\" Max started into his microphone. \"Let it rain, let me talk to them!\" Mel said into his. \"Come on!\" As the beat of the music got bouncier, Mel bounced along to it while holding the microphone. \" Shawty had them apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur! \" Mel and Max sang into their microphones. \" The whole club was looking at her! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! Them baggy sweat pants and the Reebok's with the straps! She turned around and gave that booty a smack! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! \" Everyone danced while watching the two dogs perform. \" I ain't never seen nothing that'll make me go. \" Max rapped.\" This crazy all night spending my dough. Had the million dollar vibe and a body to go. Them birthday cakes, they stole the show, so sexual! She was flexible professional drinking X&O.; \" \" Hold up, wait a minute, do I see what I think? Whoa! \" Mel rapped loud and clear. \" Did her thing. I see shawty get low. Ain't the same when it's up that close. Make it rain, I'm making it snow. Work the pole, I got the bank roll. I'ma say that I prefer them no clothes. I'm into that I love women exposed. She threw it back at me, I gave her more. Cash ain't a problem, I know where it go. She had them. \" Duke and Buddy danced to the beat. \" Shawty had them apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur! \" the two dogs sang in unison. \" The whole club was looking at her! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! Them baggy sweat pants and the Reebok's with the straps! She turned around and gave that booty a smack! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! \" All the pets smiled at Max and Mel's singing and rapping. \" Hey, shawty, what I gotta do to get you home? \" Max rapped at the top of his lungs. \" My jeans filled with guap and they're ready for showing. Cadillacs laid back for the sexy gown, patron on the rocks that'll make you moan. One stack, two stacks, three stacks! Now that's three grand! \" \" What do you think I'm playing, baby girl? I'm the man. \" Mel rapped loudly. \" I'm dealing rubber bands, that's what I told her. Her legs on my shoulder, I knew it was over. That Henny and Cola got me like a soldier. She ready for Rover, I couldn't control her. So lucky on me I was just like a clover. Shawty was hot like a toaster. Sorry but I had to fold her like a pornography poster she showed her. \" \" Shawty had them apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur! \" Max and Mel sang. \" The whole club was looking at her! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! Them baggy sweat pants and the Reebok's with the straps! She turned around and gave that booty a smack! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! \" \"You boys got this!\" Snowball encouraged them. \" Whoa, shawty, yeah, she was worth the money! \" the Jack Russell Terrier rapped. \" Little mama took my cash and I ain't want it back! The way she bent that back got all them paper stacks. Tattoo above her crack, I had to handle that. \" \" I was on it, sexy woman. Let me show it, make me want it. \" the pug rapped confidentially. \" Two in the morning I'm zoned in. Them Rose bottles foaming. She wouldn't stop, made it drop. Shawty dipped that pop and lock, had to break her off that guap. Gal was fine just like my glock. \" Tiberius swayed his body to the music. \" Shawty had them apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur! \" both dogs sang proudly. \" The whole club was looking at her! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! Them baggy sweat pants and the Reebok's with the straps! She turned around and gave that booty a smack! She hit the floor. Next thing you know, Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low! \" After the song ended, the pets cheered and whistled at Max and Mel's successful performance. \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" Max praised his friends. Mel laughed and said to Max joyfully, \"We did it, bud! We brought the house down!\" So, another performance has ended! Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it and the song sung by Max and Mel is \"Low\" by Flo Rida ft. T-Pain. Be sure to always review. Coming up next, Mel and Duke are going to perform their duet. Until next time, toodles![Chapter 23] Disclaimer: All the songs belong to their respective owners. After Max had put the CD back into the case, Mel announced, \"Alright, Duke, your turn to sing a duet with me.\" \"Cool,\" Duke said, then walked up to the karaoke machine and next to Mel. \"Say, do you like country?\" Mel asked Duke. \"I do.\" \"Yeah.\" Duke replied. \"Do you like Rascal Flatts?\" \"I love Rascal Flatts! So let's sing a song from that band!\" The two dogs walked to the drawer and looked through the CDs one by one. It took them like a minute or two to find a Rascal Flatts CD until they finally found one. \"Did you guys hear that?\" Max said to his friends as they all sat on the floor. \"They're going to sing a country song by Rascal Flatts!\" \"I'm a big fan of that music group!\" Gidget said cheerfully. \"I'm not into country very much, but I like them.\" Chloe commented. \"I enjoy the song they sang from the movie 'Cars'.\" Snowball mentioned. \"You mean 'Life Is a Highway'?\" Buddy asked which Snowball responded with a nod. At this point, Duke inserted the disc that he and Mel found into the machine. Once they did that, he presses the play button and a song began playing. The pets were all ears, ready to hear Duke and Mel sing. Duke and Mel picked up the microphones and Duke starting singing the first line. \" When I lose my smile, when my thoughts get jumbled, when the air and BS get too thick, can't take a breath without getting sick. I've had enough of this concrete jungle! \" \" I drop my truck in drive, I pick up my baby. \" Mel sang. \" She jumps in with a kiss and a hey. We exit off that old highway. Sometimes you gotta go beyond the pavement. \" Everyone danced to the music while watching Duke and Mel perform. \" You gotta go deep, way on back, cross a few creeks and a couple little shacks. \" Duke and Mel sang proudly. \" You gotta get lost, way on out. Crickets and frogs, yeah, you're getting close now. And you kick it in the four wheel drive when you run out of road and you go, and you go and you go-go-go 'til you hear a banjo! \" Max and all his friends danced to the beat of the song with big grins on their faces. \" It ain't on no map and I'm glad it isn't. \" the brown-haired dog sang. \" Leave the phone and the GPS, those satellites ain't found it yet, \" the pug sang. \" Got our own little piece of heaven hidden. \" \"You got this!\" Paps commented. \" Yeah, you gotta go deep, way on back, cross a few creeks and a couple little shacks. \" both dogs sang. \" You gotta get lost, way on out. Crickets and frogs, yeah, you're getting close now. And you kick it in the four wheel drive when you run out of road and you go, and you go and you go-go-go 'til you hear a banjo! \" \"I like this song!\" Tiberius complimented as he danced to the music. \" You gotta go deep, way on back. \" Duke sang at the top of his lungs. \" Cross a few creeks and a couple little shacks. \" \" You gotta get lost, way on out. \" Mel sang triumphantly. \" Crickets and frogs, yeah, you're getting close now. \" \" And you kick it in the four wheel drive when you run out of road and you go, and you go and you go and you go and you go! Oooh-hoo! \" the two sang in unison. \" 'Til you hear that banjo. Kick it! \" Max smiled as he watched his brother sing with Mel. \" You gotta go deep way on back. Oh-oh-oh! Cross a few creeks and a couple little shacks. Oh-oh-oh! Four wheel drive when you run out of road. Oh-oh-oh! And you go and you go, and you go 'til you hear that, 'til you hear that, 'til you hear that banjo! \" The pets applauded as Duke and Mel took a bow with big smiles on their faces. \"Thank you! Thank you very much!\" Duke complimented. \"Hope you enjoyed it.\" Mel said. \"We sure did!\" Gidget said optimistically. \"Hey, I'd like to perform a duet with you next, Mel.\" This made Mel pant and jump up and down with excitement flowing through him. There you guys have it! I hope you enjoyed this. The song that Duke and Mel sang is \"Banjo\" by Rascal Flatts. This is the third country song to be used in this songfic. Like I said earlier, many of you readers may not be fans of country, but I'm a huge fan of that kind of music. The next chapter will be about Gidget and Mel singing their duet. Thank you and good night![Chapter 24] Disclaimer: This song and all the other songs are owned by their rightful owners. Mel is very excited to be singing to a duet with Gidget. Just as he settled down, Gidget walked up to him. \"I can tell you are as ready as I am.\" she said. \"I sure am!\" he answered gleefully. They walked to the drawer and looked through the CDs. When they found one, they took it out and inserted it into the karaoke machine. The other pets were all sitting on the floor and were waiting anxiously for Mel and Gidget to begin performing their duet together. \"I wonder what song they're going to sing?\" Max asked. \"I don't know.\" Duke replied. \"We'll just have to wait and see.\" \"I hope it's a song I heard of before.\" Snowball commented. \"Alright, ladies and gentle pets,\" Gidget announced to her friends. \"Me and Mel are now ready to perform our duet.\" Everyone was all ears ready for the song to start playing just as Gidget pressed the play button on the machine and a song started playing. \" Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! \" Gidget and Mel sang into the microphones. \" Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme I'm worth it! Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme, I'm worth it! \" Buddy immediately recognized the song as he danced to the beat with a big smile on his face. \" Okay, I tell her, bring it back like she left some. \" Mel rapped. \" Bring it, bring it back like she left some. In the club with the lights off, whatcha shy for? Come and show me that you're with it, with it, with it, with it, with it. Stop playing, now you know that I'm with it, with it, with it, with it, with it, with it! Whatcha shy for? \" \" Just give me you, just give me you, just give me you, that's all I want to do. \" Gidget sang. \" And if what they say is true, if it's true, I might give me to you. I may talk a lot of stuff. Guaranteed, I can back it up. I think I'mma call you buff. Hurry up, I'm waiting out front. \" \" Uh-huh, you see me in the spotlight. \" the pug rapped at the top of his lungs. \" Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show we what you got 'cause I don't want to waste my time. \" \" Uh-huh, see me in the spotlight. \" the pomeranian rapped in unison. \" Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show me what you got now. Come and make it worth my while. \" \" Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! \" both dogs sang loudly and clearly. \" Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme I'm worth it! Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme, I'm worth it! \" Chloe danced along with the music while watching the two perform. \" It's all on you, it's all on you. \" Mel sang out loud. \" It's all on you, so what you want to do? And if you don't have a clue, not a clue, I'll tell you what to do. Come harder just because I don't like it, like it too soft. I like it a little rough. Not too much, but maybe just enough. \" \" Uh-huh, you see me in the spotlight. \" Gidget sang. \" Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show we what you got 'cause I don't want to waste my time. Uh-huh, see me in the spotlight. Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show me what you got now. Come and make it worth my while. \" \" Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! \" they sang clearly. \" Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme I'm worth it! Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme, I'm worth it! \" Tiberius did an air guitar with the music. \" Okay, I tell her, bring it back like she left some. \" Gidget sang like a rock star. \" Bring it, bring it back like she left some. In the club with the lights off, whatcha shy for? Come and show me that you're with it, with it, with it, with it, with it. Stop playing, now you know that I'm with it, with it, with it, with it, with it, with it! Whatcha shy for? \" \" Uh-huh, you see me in the spotlight. \" Mel sang. \" Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show we what you got 'cause I don't want to waste my time. Uh-huh, see me in the spotlight. Ooh, I love your style. Uh-huh, show me what you got now. Come and make it worth my while. \" \" Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! \" Mel and Gidget sang triumphantly. \" Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme I'm worth it! Give it to me, I'm worth it! Baby, I'm worth it! Uh-huh, I'm worth it! Gimme gimme, I'm worth it! Give it to me, I'm worth it! \" Woohoo! Another duet performance I've written is finished! So, I hope you guys all enjoyed it! Thanks for reading this chapter and please review! I really can't thank you guys enough for all of these reviews you've been giving me ever since I first started this songfic. The song sung by Mel and Gidget is \"Worth It\" by Fifth Harmony ft. Kid Ink. The next chapter will be feature Mel and Chloe singing their duet and it will be out soon, so stay tuned for it and remember to review, but no complaints or insults allowed![Chapter 25] Disclaimer: I strictly don't own any of the songs. Their rightful owners will always own them. After Mel and Gidget's successful performance, the pets applauded and cheered. Then Mel put the CD back into the case. Then he asked his friends, \"Who else wants to perform with me?\" \"I do.\" Chloe answered, raising her paw. \"Oh, I was hoping you would be the next one to sing a duet with me!\" Mel exclaimed excitedly. Chloe chuckled as she walked up to Mel. Then the two looked through the CDs until they came to the one they were looking for. \"Here we go.\" Chloe said as she took the CD out and inserted it into the karaoke machine. Afterward, a song started playing and everyone is all ears, ready for Mel and Chloe to begin singing. Chloe sang first. \"Whoa-uh-oh!\" \"It's always a good time!\" Mel followed. \"Whoa-uh-oh!\" \"It's always a good time!\" By now, the music got bouncier and everyone danced to the beat while Mel jumped up and down. \" Woke up on the right side of the bed. What's up with this Prince song inside my head? \" Mel sang into his microphone. \" Hands up if you're down to get down tonight 'cause it's always a good time. Slept in all my clothes like I didn't care. Hopped into a cab, take me anywhere. I'm in if you're down to get down tonight 'cause it's always a good time. \" \" Good morning and good night. \" Chloe sang. \" I'll wake up at twilight. It's gonna be alright. \" \" We don't even have to try. It's always a good time! \" both sang loud and clear. \" Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh! We don't even have to try! It's always a good time! \" Max and Gidget danced to the music side by side with loving expressions. \" Freaked out, dropped my phone in the pool again. \" the cat sang at the top of her lungs. \" Checked out of my room, hit the ATM. Let's hang out if you're down to get down tonight 'cause it's always a good time. \" \" Good morning and good night. \" the dog sang loudly. \" \" I'll wake up at twilight. \" \" It's gonna be alright. \" \" We don't even have to try, it's always a good time! \" Mel and Chloe sang into their microphones. \" Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh! We don't even have to try! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh! We don't even have to try! It's always a good time! \" The pets danced happily while watching the two perform. \" Doesn't matter when, it's always a good time then. \" Mel sang. \" Doesn't matter where, it's always a good time there. \" Chloe sang. \" Doesn't matter when, it's always a good time then. \" \" It's always a good time! \" the other pets sang. \" Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh! We don't even have to try! It's always a good time! \" Mel and Chloe sang triumphantly.\" Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh! It's always a good time! Whoa-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh! We don't even have to try! It's always a good time! \" Once the last note of the song was sang, the pets cheered and whistled at the duo's successful singing. \"Best song ever!\" Snowball complimented. \"You two did fantastic for a male and female duet.\" Max congratulated the two. \"I agree with Max.\" Duke said. Mel and Chloe smiled at the others' polite comments. Wow! I can't believe I just finished another duet! Is it just me or is time flying fast? I hope you all enjoyed it and the song that Mel and Chloe sang is \"Good Time\" by Owl City and Carly Rae Jepsen. Please review and I'll have Mel and Buddy perform their duet in the next chapter. Thank you all and good night![Chapter 26] Disclaimer: I really, and I mean REALLY, don't own these songs. They belong to their respective owners. \"Hey, Buddy, it's your turn to perform a duet with me.\" Mel addressed Buddy after putting the disc back into the case. \"Oh, boy!\" Buddy exclaimed gleefully. \"I've been waiting to perform one with my best friend!\" \"I bet you were, homey.\" The other pets laughed at Mel calling Buddy his homey while the dachshund walked up to the pug at the karaoke machine. \"Since this is a dance party, we should sing an extremely popular dance song.\" he requested. \"I couldn't agree more.\" They walked over to the drawer and looked through the CDs to find one with dance music. \"Aha!\" Mel exclaimed once he spotted the disc he was looking for. \"Here's one of those songs played at dance parties these days!\" \"I'll bet that whatever song they chose, we'll be dancing nonstop.\" Max said to Duke. \"I agree.\" Duke responded. Mel and Buddy walked to the karaoke machine, inserted the disc into the machine and picked up their microphones. In a matter of seconds, a cheery tune started playing. \" Oh, don't you dare look back, just keep your eyes on me. \" Mel sang the first line. \" I said, 'You're holding back.' She said, 'Shut up and dance with me!'\" \" This woman is my destiny. \" Buddy joined in. \" She said, 'Ooh-ooh-hoo! \" \" Shut up and dance with me! \" both dogs sang. Just as Max had predicted, the pets started uncontrollably dancing nonstop. \" We were victims of the night, the chemical, physical, kryptonite. \" Mel sang at the top of his lungs. \" Helpless to the bass and the fading light. Oh, we were bound to get together, bound to get together. \" \" She took my arm, I don't know how it happened. \" Buddy sang next. \" We took the floor and she said... \" \" Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me. \" Mel and Buddy sang loud and clear. \" I said 'You're holding back.' She said, 'Shut up and dance with me!' This woman is my destiny. She said, 'Ooh-ooh-hoo, shut up and dance with me.'\" Snowball and Tiberius were doing an air guitar while Gidget and Chloe danced to the beat of the music. \" A backless dress and some beat up sneaks, my discotheque, Juliet teenage dream. \" Buddy sang with a harmonious voice. \" I felt it in my chest as she looked at me. I knew we were bound to be together, bound to be together. \" \" She took my arm, I don't know how it happened. \" Mel sang while bouncing up and down. \" We took the floor and she said... \" \" Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me. \" the two dogs sang. \" I said 'You're holding back.' She said, 'Shut up and dance with me!' This woman is my destiny. She said, 'Ooh-ooh-hoo, shut up and dance with me.'\" \"Oh, come on, girl!\" Mel shouted. During the instrumental break, all the pets danced around the floor, smiling and having a great time. Then Mel and Buddy went back to singing. \" Deep in her eyes, I think I see the future. I realize this is my last chance. \" \" She took my arm, I don't know how it happened. We took the floor and she said... \" The pets continued dancing and couldn't help but tap and bob their heads with the beat. \" Oh, don't you dare look back, just keep your eyes on me. \" the pug sang. \" I said, 'You're holding back.' She said, 'Shut up and dance with me!' \"the dachshund followed. \" This woman is my destiny. She said, 'Ooh-ooh-hoo! \" both sang at the same time. \" Shut up and dance! \" the other pets finished for them. \" Don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me. \" Mel and Buddy sang triumphantly. \" I said, 'You're holding back.' She said, 'Shut up and dance with me!' This woman is my destiny. She said, 'Ooh-ooh-hoo, shut up and dance with me! \" After the song ended, the other pets applauded at Mel and Buddy's successful performance. But Snowball was still dancing and singing the song to himself. \"I can't stop dancing and that song is stuck in my head!\" Snowball said. \"That song is stuck in my head too.\" Tiberius spoke up. \"I think it's stuck in all of our heads.\" Max remarked. Woo-hoo! What a blast! This is so much fun! I love how this story is coming out thanks to everyone supporting me and I owe my thanks. The song sung by Mel and Buddy is \"Shut Up And Dance\" by Walk the Moon. I hope you had fun with this chapter and please review! The next chapter will have Mel and Tiberius sing a duet together. Thank you so much and goodbye! *starts dancing and singing \"Shut Up And Dance\" to myself*[Chapter 27] Disclaimer: I do not own this song nor any of the others. They all belong to their rightful owners. \"Is there anyone who hasn't performed with me yet?\" Mel asked the pets. \"I haven't.\" Tiberius spoke up. \"Okay. Just make sure you don't turn carnivore with a craving for dog.\" \"Oh, you know I won't.\" Of course, Tiberius couldn't stop thinking about the prank he played on Max and Gidget earlier and he promised to not eat any of his friends during the party. The two walked up to the karaoke machine, opened the drawer and searched through the CDs. When they found one, they walked back to the machine and inserted the disc inside. As soon as they picked up their microphones, a song started to play and everyone is all ears. \" Who can it be knocking at my door? Go away, don't come 'round here no more! \" Mel began singing. \" Can't you see that it's late at night? I'm very tired and I'm not feeling right. \" \" All I wish is to be alone. Stay away, don't you invade my home! \" Tiberius joined in. \" Best off if you hang outside. Don't come in, I'll only run and hide. \" \" Who can it be now? \" Mel and Tiberius sang four times while the other pets danced. \"I think I like this song.\" Snowball commented while dancing. \" Who can it be knocking at my door? Make no sound, tip toe across the floor. \" the pug sang at the top of his lungs. \" If he hears, I'll knock all day. I'll be trapped and here I'll have to stay! \" \" I've done no harm, I keep to myself. There's nothing wrong with my state of mental health. \" the hawk sang in unison. \" I like it here with my childhood friend. Here they come, those feelings again. \" \" Who can it be now? Who can it be now? Who can it be now? Who can it be now? \" Chloe tapped her paws to the beat with a big smile on her face. \" Is it the men come to take me away? \" Mel sang. \" Why do they follow me? \" \" It's not the future that I can see. \" Tiberius sang after. \" It's just my fantasy, yeah. \" \" Oh, who can it be now? \" both sang into the microphones triumphantly. \" Who can it be now? Who can it be now? Who can it be now? Who can it be now?! \" After that last line of the song was sang, all the pets cheered and whistled at the marvelous performance the dog-hawk duo gave. \"Oh, yeah, I most definitely enjoyed that song!\" Snowball commented politely. \"In fact, I think it should go onto my list of my top 5 favorite songs with \"Bad to the Bone\" being #1.\" The others chuckled at what Snowball said. \"You two boys really blew us away!\" Gidget said. \"Especially you, Tiberius.\" Tiberius chuckled at Gidget's comment. \"Okay, Paps, you're the last one that I haven't sung with yet, so let's get it over with.\" Mel announced to Paps. \"I'm right behind you.\" And there you guys have it! For all of you that wanted to see Mel and Tiberius perform a duet together, then there you go! The song that they sang is \"Who Can It Be Now?\" by Men at Work. Can you imagine Albert Brooks singing this song with Men at Work? I bet he'd be good at it. Next duet performers: Mel and Paps! Thank you and Happy Easter, everyone![Chapter 28] Disclaimer: All the songs, along with my OTP, belong to their rightful owners. Mel and Paps walked over to the drawer and looked through the CDs. When they found the one they were going to sing a song to, they inserted it into the karaoke machine. \"I hope the song they're going to perform is a good one.\" Max said. \"Same with me.\" Duke replied. \"Alright, ladies and gentle pets, me and Paps are going to perform our duet together!\" Mel announced to his friends. Everyone is eager for the duo to start performing. Paps pressed the play button on the karaoke machine and a song started to play. \" Hold on to me as we go. As we roll down this unfamiliar road. \" Mel sang into his microphone. \" And although this wave, wave is stringing us along. \" \" Just know you're not alone. \" Paps sang afterward. \" 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your home. \" All the pets started to dance to the beat of the music. \"I heard this song on many movies and commercials!\" Gidget exclaimed gleefully. \" Settle down, it'll all be clear. Don't pay no mind to the demons. \" Mel sang at the top of his lungs. \" They fill you with fear. \" \" The trouble, it might drag you down. \" Paps sang loud and clear. \" If you get lost, you can always be found. \" \" Just know you're not alone. \" both dogs sang. \" 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your home. \" Snowball used his carrot like a guitar while dancing to the song. \" Ooo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo. Oo-oo-oo-oo! \" Mel and Paps sang twice. \" Aaa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa. Aa-aa-aa-aaaaaa! \" they sang four times. \"You got this, my friend!\" Buddy complimented. \" Settle down, it'll all be clear. \" the basset hound sang harmoniously. \" Don't pay no mind to the demons, they fill you with fear. \" the pug sang loudly. \" The trouble, it might drag you down. \" \" If you get lost, you can always be found. \" \" Just know you're not alone. \" Mel and Paps sang in unison. \" 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your home. \" \"Come on!\" Mel shouted. \" Ooo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo. Ao-oo-oo-oo! \" they sang four times into the microphones triumphantly. \" Aaa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa. Aa-aa-aa-aaaaaa! \" After the song ended, Mel and Paps took their bows while the pets cheered, whistled and applauded at the successful performance. \"Thank you!\" Mel complimented his friends. \"Thank you all very much!\" \"You've been a fabulous audience!\" Paps said happily. \"I've heard this song on many commercials before.\" Chloe commented. \"I heard it in the end credits of 'Parental Guidance'.\" Tiberius said. \"Yo, Mel, I haven't performed with you yet, so can we get on with it?\" Snowball asked. \"Oh, right!\" Mel remembered. \"I almost forgot!\" Well, another chapter done, everybody! I hope you all enjoyed this, so please do review! The song that Mel and Paps sang is \"Home\" by Phillip Phillips. I'd really, really like to thank you all for supporting me and my story! Before I go, I'd like to announce that Mel and Snowball will perform a duet in the next chapter. Thank you and I'm out of here![Chapter 29] Disclaimer: I do not own the songs and they belong to their rightful owners respectively. \"Thank you for remembering to perform a duet with me.\" Snowball kindly said to Mel. \"No problem.\" Mel replied as they walked over to the drawer. When they got there, they looked through the CDs until they found one to perform a duet to. \"Make it a good one.\" Tiberius thought. \"Make it good.\" Chloe thought. After Mel inserted the disc they chose into the karaoke machine, he announced to his friends, \"Okay, friends, I'm now going to perform a duet with our former enemy!\" Everyone was eager and excited to hear Mel and Snowball perform. Once he pressed the play button, a song began to play. \" Saturday morning, jumped out of bed and put on my best suit. Got in my car and raced like a jet all the way to you. \" Mel sang loudly into his microphone. \" Knocked on your door with heart in my hand to ask you a question 'cause I know that you're an old-fashioned man, yeah. \" \" Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes 'cause I need to know! \" Snowball sang the second line into his microphone. \" You say I'll never get your blessing 'til the day I die. Tough luck, my friend, but the answer is no. \" \" Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm a human too? \" Mel and Snowball sang loud and clear. \" Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway. Marry that girl, marry her anyway! Marry that girl and we'll be a family. Why you gotta be so... rude?! \" The other pets danced to the music with big grins on their faces. \" I hate to do this, you leave no choice. Can't live without her. \" the pug sang. \" Love me or hate me, we will be boys. Standing at that altar or we will run away to another galaxy, you know. You know she's in love with me. She will go anywhere I go. \" \" Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes 'cause I need to know! \" the rabbit sang. \" You say I'll never get your blessing 'til the day I die. Tough luck, my friend, 'cause the answer is still no! \" \" Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm a human too? \" both sang at the top of their lungs. \" Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway. Marry that girl, marry her anyway! Marry that girl and we'll be a family. Why you gotta be so... rude?! \" During the instrumental break, while Mel and Snowball danced around the floor with their friends, Mel said to Snowball, \"I'm so glad you redeemed yourself to help Max and Duke escape the dogcatchers' truck.\" \"And I'm proud that I did.\" Snowball answered. Everyone else chuckled at Snowball's statement. Then Snowball and Mel went back to singing. \" Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes 'cause I need to know! \" Mel sang optimistically. \" You say I'll never get your blessing 'til the day I die. Tough luck, my friend, but 'No' still means no! \" Snowball sang clearly. \" Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm a human too? \" Mel and Snowball sang triumphantly. \" Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway. Marry that girl, marry her anyway! Marry that girl and we'll be a family. Why you gotta be so... rude?! \" After the last note of the song was sang, all the pets cheered and applauded at Mel and Snowball's performance. The dog-rabbit duo took their bows while the pets commented politely about their singing. \"Bravo! Encore!\" Buddy cheered. \"Nice song!\" Max complimented. \"Good singing there, pal!\" Duke said. \"Thank you! Thank you all!\" Snowball said in unison, then ejected the disc and put it back into the drawer. And *imitates fanfare* another chapter complete! Hope you enjoyed this chapter and the song sung by Mel and Snowball is \"Rude\" by Magic! Special announcement: Paps will sing his duet with Duke next. So stick around and the next chapter will be uploaded soon.[Chapter 30] Alright, everybody, this is it. This is the 30th chapter of \"Karaoke Party\". If you're wondering when this story will be done, it'll probably be done in late spring or early summer. If I had to guess, I'd say it would be late spring. I seriously can't believe I've come such a long way and look at this! I think this story is becoming a big success, thanks to all you supporters! I hope you all enjoy this chapter! Disclaimer: All the songs belong to their rightful owners, not me. \"Everyone,\" Paps spoke up. \"I made a list of those that I haven't performed duets with yet. Duke, you're first.\" Upon hearing this, Duke exclaimed cheerfully, \"Cool!\" He went up to Paps and the two opened the drawer and looked through the CDs until they found one with a song they will sing to. \"Aha!\" Paps exclaimed. \"Here's one that will blow everyone away!\" \"I bet it will!\" Duke answered. He inserted the disc into the karaoke machine and pressed the play button. The two dogs picked up their microphones and started singing. \" Any way you want it! That's the way you need it! \" Duke and Paps sang loudly. \" Any way you want it! \" The music became groovy and all the pets started dancing out of control while Mel jumped up and down. \" She loves to laugh, she loves to sing. She does everything. \" Duke sang clearly. \" She loves to move, she loves to groove. She loves the loving things. \" \" Ooh, all night, all night. Oh, every night. \" Paps sang harmoniously. \" So hold tight, hold tight. Ooh, baby, hold tight. Oh, she said... \" \" Any way you want it! That's the way you need it! Any way you want it! \" both dogs sang out loud. \" She said, any way you want it! That's the way you need it! Any way you want it! \" \"You got this, brother!\" Max cheered Duke on. \" I was alone, I never knew what good love could do. \" the basset hound sang. \" Ooh, then we touched. Then we sang about the loving things.\" \" Ooh, all night, all night. Oh, every night. \" the brown-haired dog sang. \" So hold tight, hold tight. Ooh, baby, hold tight. Oh, she said... \" \" Any way you want it! That's the way you need it! Any way you want it! \" Paps and Duke sang in unison. \" She said, any way you want it! That's the way you need it! Any way you want it! \" As the music continued playing, the pets kept on dancing and just couldn't stop. \"Ooh! I could listen to this song all day!\" Snowball said gleefully. \"Me too! Makes me bounce up and down every time!\" Mel exclaimed. \" Any way you want it! That's the way you need it! Any way you want it! \" Duke and Paps sang triumphantly until the song started fading out. When it finally did, everyone applauded, cheered and whistled at the two dogs' groovy and bouncy performance. \"You really blew us away, bro!\" Max complimented Duke. \"You boys did awesome!\" Gidget commented excitedly. \"I can't stop dancing to this song and it's stuck in my head!\" Mel exclaimed. Tada! My 30th chapter is complete! And look how far I've come thanks to all you people supporting me! I just can't thank you enough. The song that Duke and Paps sang is \"Any Way You Want It\" by Journey. Be sure to leave some reviews, but keep you complaints and insults to yourself! Thank you and I'll see you later![Chapter 31] Disclaimer: All the songs, including this one, belong to their respective owners. \"Okay, got that one down,\" Paps muttered as he checked Duke off his list of duet performers. \"Gidget, you're next.\" he announced to the Pomeranian. Hearing this made her excited. \"I've been dying to perform a duet with you!\" Paps chuckled and the two walked over to the drawer, looked through the CDs and found one with a song they are going to sing a duet to. \"Here's one!\" Gidget exclaimed when she spotted the CD. They took the disc out, inserted it into the karaoke machine and pressed the play button. \"Alright, ladies and gentle pets, including you, Max,\" Paps announced to his friends. \"Here's mine and Gidget's duet!\" Everyone is all ears ready to hear Paps and Gidget sing. \" It's going down, I'm yelling timber! You better move, you better dance. \" Gidget sang first. \" Let's make a night you won't remember. I'll be the one you won't forget. \" The other pets danced along with the music as Gidget sang \"Wooooah!\" six times. \" The bigger they are, the harder they fall. \" Paps rapped. \" These big-iddy boys are dig-gidy dogs. I have 'em like Miley Cyrus, clothes off. Twerking in their bras and thongs, timber. Face down, booty up, timber. That's the way we like to - what? - timber. I'm slicker than an oil spill. She say she won't, but I bet she will, timber. \" \" Swing your partner round and round. End of the night, it's going down. One more shot, another round. End of the night, it's going down. Swing your partner round and round. End of the night, it's going down. One more shot, another round. End of the night, it's going down. \" Max and Duke danced side by side along with Mel and Buddy. \" It's going down, I'm yelling timber! You better move, you better dance. \" Gidget sang at the top of her lungs. \" Let's make a night you won't remember. I'll be the one you won't forget. \" \" It's going down, I'm yelling timber! You better move, you better dance. \" both dogs sang at the same time. \" Let's make a night you won't remember. I'll be the one you won't forget. \" \"Wooooah!\" they sang six times. \" Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane. \" Paps rapped into his microphone. \" Nah, it's just me. Ain't a damn thing changed. Live in hotels, swing on planes. Blessed to say, money ain't a thing. Club jumping like LeBron now, Voli! Order me another round, homie. We about to clown. Why? 'Cause it's about to go down. \" All the pets continued dancing while Paps continued rapping. \" Swing your partner round and round. End of the night, it's going down. One more shot, another round. End of the night, it's going down. Swing your partner round and round. End of the night, it's going down. One more shot, another round. End of the night, it's going down. \" \" It's going down, I'm yelling timber! You better move, you better dance. \" Gidget sang loudly. \" Let's make a night you won't remember. I'll be the one you won't forget. \" \" It's going down, I'm yelling timber! You better move, you better dance. \" Gidget and Paps sang triumphantly. \" Let's make a night you won't remember. I'll be the one you won't forget. \" \"Wooooah!\" they sang until the song ended. Everyone applauded at the stirring performance Paps and Gidget gave. The basset hound and Pomeranian bowed while the pets gave polite comments. \"You two were marvelous!\" Snowball complimented. \"I give both of you credit for that song you sang!\" Tiberius said. Then Paps checked Gidget off his list and came to Chloe next. \"Chloe, your turn.\" he announced to the cat. \"I'm right behind you.\" she replied. Wow! The 31st chapter of this story is complete! Can you believe how far I've come with the help of all you supporters? Thanks a million! The song sung by Paps and Gidget is \"Timber\" by Pitbull ft. Kesha. Please leave good and positive reviews, and Paps and Chloe are going to perform next. T.T.F.N.: Ta-ta for now![Chapter 32] Disclaimer: Every single song belongs to its rightful owner. Paps and Chloe walked over to the drawer and looked through the CDs. \"Uh, I need to use the bathroom.\" Max spoke up. \"While I do, you two take your time to pick a song.\" \"Okay.\" Paps said. With that said, Max headed for the bathroom. By the time he returned, Paps and Chloe chose a disc with a song to sing to and inserted it into the karaoke machine. When the music started playing, Tiberius recognized the song and said with a big grin, \"Oh, boy! I know this song! Do you?\" \" Yeah. Y'all know what it is. \" Paps rapped into his microphone. \" Katy Perry, Juicy J,aha. Let's rage! \" \" I knew you were, you were gonna come to me and here you are. \" Chloe sung. \" But you better choose carefully 'cause I, I'm capable of anything, of anything and everything. \" \" Make me your Aphrodite, make me your one and only. Don't make me your enemy, your enemy, your enemy. \" \" So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're falling for. \" Paps and Chloe sang loud and clear. \" Baby, do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse. Are you ready for, ready for a perfect storm, perfect storm? Cause once you're mine, once you're mine... \" \" There's no going back! \" Paps sang. The other pets danced to the beat of the music with big smiles. \" Mark my words. This love will make you levitate like a bird. \" the cat sang. \" Like a bird without a cage, but down to earth. If you choose to walk away, don't walk away. \" Snowball used his carrot like a guitar and played it to the song. \" It's in the palm of your hand now, baby. It's a yes or no, no maybe. So just be sure before you give it all to me. All to me, give it all to me. \" \" So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're falling for. \" the cat and dog sang in unison. \" Baby, do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse. Are you ready for, ready for a perfect storm, perfect storm? Cause once you're mine, once you're mine... \" \" There's no going back! \" the basset hound sang. Mel jumped up and down to the beat while Max and Duke moved their heads to the beat. \" She's a beast. I call her Karma. \" Paps rapped. \" She eats your heart out like Jeffrey Dahmer. Be careful, try not to lead her on. Shorty's heart is on steroids cause her love is so strong. You may fall in love when you meet her. If you get the chance you better keep her. She's sweet as pie, but if you break her heart, she'll turn cold as a freezer. That fairy tale ending with a knight in shining armor. She can be my Sleeping Beauty. I'm gon' put her in a coma. Woo! Damn I think I love her. Shorty so bad, I'm sprung and I don't care. She ride me like a roller coaster, turned the bedroom into a fair. Her love is like a drug. I was trying to hit it and quit it. But lil' mama so dope, I messed around and got addicted. \" \" So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're falling for. \" Chloe and Paps sang triumphantly. \" Baby, do you dare to do this? Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse. Are you ready for, ready for a perfect storm, perfect storm? Cause once you're mine, once you're mine... \" \" There's no going back! \" Paps sang the final line. After that, all the pets applauded at the performance and complimented them politely. \"Bravo! Encore!\" Gidget shouted with glee. \"That was an awesome song!\" Mel cheered. Paps and Chloe bowed at their audience and put the CD back into the drawer. Another chapter finished! I hope you all enjoyed this amazing performance. I can feel like this is starting to become a concert from all pets singing a variety of songs! I like to imagine throwing a concert about all kinds of animals singing varieties of songs. The song that Paps and Chloe sang is \"Dark Horse\" by Katy Perry ft. Juicy J. The next pet that Paps will sing with next is Buddy. See you in the next chapter![Chapter 33] Disclaimer: I don't own any of these songs. Not a single one. Paps checked Chloe off his list and came to Buddy next. \"Buddy, you're next!\" Paps announced to Buddy. \"I'm coming.\" Buddy replied. They walked over to the karaoke machine, looked through the CDs until they came to the one they are going to sing to, inserted it into the machine and pressed the play button. Once the music started playing, Mel recognized the song and panted excitedly. \"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! I know this song! I heard it on the radio before!\" \"I know this song too!\" Snowball spoke up. Everyone is eager to hear Paps and Buddy perform their duet. \"Turn it up!\" Paps exclaimed into his microphone once he and Buddy picked them up. As soon as the music got bouncier, Mel started jumping up and down to the beat. \" Somebody save your soul 'cause you've been sinning this city, I know. \" Paps sang the first line. \" Too many troubles, all these lovers got you losing control. You're like a drug to me, a luxury, a sugar and gold. I want the good life, every good night you're a hard one to hold. \" \" 'Cause you don't even know I can make your hands clap. \" Buddy sang. \" I can make your hands clap. Said I can make your hands clap. \" \" Somebody save your soul 'cause you've been sinning this city, I know. Too many troubles, all these lovers got you losing control. You're like a drug to me, a luxury, a sugar and gold. I want your sex and your affection when they're holding you close. \" \" 'Cause you don't even know I can make your hands clap. I can make your hands clap. Said I can make your hands clap. \" \" Every night when the stars come out, am I the only living soul around? \" Paps and Buddy sang loud and clear. \" Need to believe you could hold me down 'cause I'm in need of something good right now. We could be screaming till the sun comes out and when we wake, we'd be the only sound. Get on my knees and say a prayer: James Brown! \" \" That I can make your hands clap! \" Paps sang. The pets started dancing uncontrollably to the beat of the song. \"This is one of my favorite songs!\" Tiberius exclaimed. \"I agree!\" Max answered. \" My flesh is searching for your worst and best, don't ever deny. I'm like a stranger, give me danger, all your wrongs and your rights. \" the basset hound sang loudly. \" Secrets on Broadway to the freeway, you're a keeper of crimes. Fear no conviction, grapes of wrath can only sweeten your wine. \" \" 'Cause you don't even know I can make your hands clap. \" the dachshund sang at the top of his lungs. \" I can make your hands clap. Said I can make your hands clap. \" \" Every night when the stars come out, am I the only living soul around? \" both dogs sang triumphantly. \" Need to believe you could hold me down 'cause I'm in need of something good right now. We could be screaming till the sun comes out and when we wake, we'd be the only sound. Get on my knees and say a prayer: James Brown! \" \" That I can make your hands clap! \" Everyone smiled as they danced to the music. \" That I can make your hands clap! \" Paps and Buddy sang three times before Buddy sang the final line. \" So can I get a handclap? \" After that, the pets applauded and cheered with enthusiasm. \"You rock, dude!\" Max complimented Paps. \"Same with you, Buddy!\" Duke commented. \"This is the second song that I can't stop dancing to!\" Snowball said while still dancing and singing the song to himself. \"I think it's going to be stuck in my head all day!\" Gidget remarked. Oh yeah! Another awesome chapter complete! I hoped you like this really cool chapter and the song that Paps and Buddy sang is \"HandClap\" by Fitz and The Tantrums. Fun fact: This song can be heard on trailer 2 of \"Storks\" and in the films \"Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life\" and \"Power Rangers\". Up next are Paps and Tiberius! Until next time, I'll be back with another awesome chapter! Please leave some positive reviews and I'll see you later![Chapter 34] Hi, everyone. I'm back with another pet duo singing another duet! OMG, I can't believe that I wrote 34 chapters and look at how many reviews I got! I really can't thank you guys enough for making this story a really big success! If it weren't for any of you, then I wouldn't have gotten this far. I have an announcement for you all, but I'll wait until the end of this chapter if you don't mind. For now, get ready to sing along with Paps and Tiberius! Disclaimer: I don't own this song. \"Tiberius, you're the last one that I still need to sing a duet with.\" Paps addressed Tiberius. Hearing this made Tiberius excited. \"Oh, boy!\" he exclaimed as he and Paps walked up to the drawer and looked through the CDs until they found one with a song that they were going to sing a duet to. They inserted the disc into the karaoke machine, pressed the play button and picked up their microphones in preparation to sing. The minute the song started, Duke recognized the song and remarked, \"Hey, that's the song that I guessed earlier!\" \"Doh! Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh! Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh! Doh doh doh, doh doh doh, doh doh! Doh doh doh, doh duh!\" Paps sang first. \"Aaaaaaow!\" The music now got bouncier and the pets began dancing to the beat. \" This hit, that ice cold. \" Paps sang. \" Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold. This one for them hood girls, them good girls. Straight masterpieces styling, wiling, living up in the city. Got chucks on with Saint Laurent. Gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty. \" \" I'm too hot! Call the police and the fireman! \" Tiberius sang into his microphone. \" I'm too hot! Make a dragon wanna retire, man. I'm too hot! Say my name, you know who I am. I'm too hot and my band 'bout that money. Break it down! \" \" Girls hit your hallelujah! \" Paps and Tiberius sang thrice before singing loud and clear for everyone to hear. \" 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! Saturday night and we in the spot. Don't believe me, just watch! \" \" Don't believe me, just watch! \" they sang four times. \" Hey, hey, hey, oh! \" All the pets danced to the song. \" Stop, wait a minute! Fill my cup, put some liquor in it. \" the hawk sang at the top of his lungs. \" Take a sip, sign a check. Julio, get the stretch! Ride to Harlem, Hollywood, Jackson, Mississippi. If we show up, we gonna show out. Smoother than a fresh jar of Skippy. \" \" I'm too hot! Call the police and the fireman! \" the hound dog sang harmoniouly. \" I'm too hot! Make a dragon wanna retire, man. I'm too hot! Bitch, say my name, you know who I am. I'm too hot and my band 'bout that money. Break it down! \" \" Girls hit your hallelujah! \" Paps and Tiberius sang three times. \" 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! 'Cause Uptown Funk gonna give it to you! Saturday night and we in the spot. Don't believe me, just watch! \" \" Don't believe me, just watch! \" they sang four times into their microphones. \" Hey, hey, hey, oh! \" \" Before we leave, let me tell you all a little something. \" Paps rapped into his microphone and then sang eight times. \" Uptown funk you up! \" \" Come on, dance! Jump on it! \" Tiberius sang loudly. \" If you sexy, then flaunt it. If you freaky, then own it. Don't brag about it, come show me. Come on, dance! Jump on it! If you sexy, then flaunt it. Well, it's Saturday night and we in the spot. Don't believe me, just watch! \" \" Don't believe me, just watch! \" they sang four times triumphantly. \" Hey, hey, hey, oh! \" \" Uptown Funk you up! \" they sang until the song ended. When it did, the pets applauded with enthusiasm while the dog and hawk took a bow. \"You two did fantastic!\" Max complimented the duo. \"Best fun song ever!\" Duke exclaimed with glee. \"Yo, Paps.\" Snowball addressed Paps. \"Even if you're an old and elderly dog, you could become a D.J. and perform at a lot of parties.\" Paps smiled widely at that comment and replied, \"Thank you.\" Then he and Tiberius put the disc back into the drawer. \"Before we move on, could you excuse me? I have to use the bathroom.\" Gidget spoke up. \"Okay, birthday girl.\" Max answered. Gidget giggled at Max calling her birthday girl and headed for the bathroom like he did earlier. \"Well, you know what they say. When you gotta go, you gotta go.\" Buddy remarked, causing the other pets to laugh jokingly. And that wraps up this chapter, folks! The duet song that Paps and Tiberius sang is \"Uptown Funk\" by Mark Ronson ft. Bruno Mars. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and please review! And here's the announcement I promised to give to you all. The next chapter will be the last one. Why? Because I have another story that I plan on creating. Just so you know, the next chapter will be the last. I'm sorry to upset you, but everything has to come to an end, you know. But I will be on FanFiction forever and ever. Now that the duets are over, the last chapter will have all the pets singing a song that's a popular party song. Thanks once again for all your support! Thank you and see you in the finale![Chapter 35] Well, this is it, everybody. The last and final chapter of \"Karaoke Party\" and OMG, I've come such a long way and this story is a huge success which is all thanks to you guys! Yeah, I know that some of you are sad that this story is ending, but look on the bright side. We at least had fun singing along with the songs and I had fun writing it. So, the last song that the pets will be singing is a popular party song. Anyway, here's the finale! Disclaimer: I do not own this song or any of the other songs. Time skip: Gidget returns from the bathroom and announces to Duke that it's his turn to perform a duet with her. After all the other pets performed their duets, Gidget announced, \"Well, now that all of us got to perform duets, it's time for one more song for us to sing to.\" \"Perfect timing.\" Max spoke up. \"Because I just looked at the clock on the wall and it's 4:30. Me and Duke will head home in half an hour.\" \"I think time has been flying fast.\" Duke said. Max responded with a nod. \"Well, you know what they say, time flies when you're having fun.\" Chloe remarked. \"Now that you mentioned it, we have one more song for all of us to perform to.\" Gidget announced. \"And I know just the one.\" \"Hey, uh, if we're all going to perform, don't we need seven more microphones?\" Snowball asked as he pointed out. Gidget looked back at the karaoke machine which only had two microphones attached to it and then looked back at him. \"You're right!\" she exclaimed. \"Max, Duke, you boys go get the microphones while I pick the song.\" \"You got it, Gidget.\" Max answered with a salute. Max and Duke ran down the hallway to get the microphones while Gidget ran straight to the drawer. Luckily, it didn't take long for them to find what they were looking for. Max and Duke attached the microphones into the machine and then Gidget opened the case and inserted the disc into the player. \"Alright, everybody! This song should end this karaoke party with a bang!\" the Pomeranian announced loudly. \"Are you ready for this?\" Buddy asked. \"You bet I am!\" Mel responded confidentially. \"I'm ready too, so let's do this!\" Tiberius said happily. When the pets got their microphones, Gidget pressed the play button and a song started to play. \" Celebrate good times, come on! \" the pets sung. \" Celebrate good times, come on! \" \" There's a party going on right here. \" Max sung, smiling. \" A celebration to last throughout the years. \" Duke stepped up and sung, \" So bring your good times and your laughter too. \" \" We gonna celebrate your party with you. \" Gidget sung proudly. \" Come on now. \" \" Celebration! \" Max and Duke sung. \" Let's all celebrate and have a good time. \" Snowball sung. \" Celebration! \" Mel and Buddy sung. \" We gonna celebrate and have a good time. \" Chloe sung. \" It's time to come together. \" Tiberius sung. \" It's up to you, what's your pleasure? \" \" Everyone around the world come on! \" the pets sung loudly. \" Yahoo! It's a celebration. \" \" Celebrate good times, come on! Celebrate good times, come on! \" \" There's a party going on right here. \" Paps sung happily. \" A dedication to last throughout the years. \" the Jack Russell Terrier sung. \" So bring your good times and your laughter too. \" the brown-haired dog sung. \" We gonna celebrate and party with you. \" Snowball sung happily. \" Come on now! \" \" Celebration! \" the male pets sung in unison. \" Let's all celebrate and have a good time, yeah, yeah. \" Mel and Buddy sung. \" Celebration! \" Gidget and Chloe sung in unison. \" We gonna celebrate and have a good time. \" the hawk sung. \" It's time to come together. \" the basset hound sung. \" It's up to you, what's your pleasure? \" the cat sung. \" Everyone around the world come on! \" the male pets sung. \" Celebrate good times, come on! \" the pets sung in unison. \" Celebrate good times, come on! \" \" We're gonna have a good time tonight. \" Max sung. \" Let's celebrate, it's all right. \" Duke sung. \" We're gonna have a good time tonight .\" Gidget sung. \" Let's celebrate, it's all right, baby. \" Snowball sung. \" We're gonna have a good time tonight. \" Chloe sung. \" Let's celebrate, it's all right. \" Mel sung sung. \" We're gonna have a good time tonight .\" Buddy sung. \" Let's celebrate, it's all right. \" Paps sung. \" Celebrate good times, come on! \" all the pets sung triumphantly. \" Let's celebrate. Celebrate good times, come on! Come on and celebrate tonight. Celebrate good times, come on! \" Once the song ended, all the other random pets applauded, cheered and whistled at the performance. \"Wow! This has been the best birthday party ever and I'm not even kidding!\" Snowball cried enthusiastically. \"This karaoke was a lot of fun!\" Chloe said happily. \"I enjoyed singing along with those songs!\" Tiberius agreed proudly. \"Alright, you guys!\" Gidget chuckled as she ejected the disc and placed it back into the case before putting it back in the drawer. \"While it's still daylight, let's continue with this party!\" Mel exclaimed gleefully. \"Cool. Well, me and Duke will be heading home in half an hour.\" Max said. So, for the next half-hour, all the pets continued partying, playing games, listening to music, watching movies and eating snacks. Around 5:00-ish, Max told Gidget, \"Well, Gidget, me and Duke are going home now. Katie should be off work by now.\" \"Okay.\" Gidget replied. \"Thank you boys for coming.\" \"Happy birthday, Gidget.\" Max and Duke said at the same time. Gidget chuckled. \"Thank you!\" \"And can we have more karaoke next time we go to a party?\" Max asked. \"Absolutely.\" Gidget answered. She and Max exchanged pooch smooches and then he and Duke left Gidget's home and returned to their apartment. When they got there, they waited for Katie to return. When she finally does, both are eager to see her again. Later that evening, Katie, Max and Duke are eating dinner. Katie is eating spaghetti while Max and Duke are eating dog food out of their bowls. Well, that's it! That wraps up this wonderful story/songfic! I hope all of you guys enjoyed this finale and the story! Please review, but keep your complaints and insults to yourself! The song that the pets sung was \"Celebration\" by Kool and the Gang. Thank you all so much for supporting me and this story, especially to Orangebird124. I'm so happy that I finally finished this story! Another reason why I finished this is because I received two \"Angry Birds\" requests and I want to make them and get them over with so I can start creating a new story I planned on making. Thank you and I have left the building! (Well, for now.) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any of the songs. The songs I'm using belong to their rightful owners. Afte"},{"Movie":"Secret Life of Pets","Title":"The Blood in my Veins","Author":"TSLOPfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13192277","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a dark summer night in NYC. Thousands of stars lit up the jet black sky high above the beautiful skyscrapers that adorned the city's landscape. By this hour, everyone was tucked away in their cozy beds fast asleep, anxiously waiting for the sun to return in the morning. Humans and animals were wandering endlessly in the world of dreams. However, there were two souls who were still awake, living a dream that would soon end with heavy hearts. \"You have to go. We discussed this,\" one voice whispered, a hint of sadness in her voice. Her blue eyes, round with sorrow, were gazing at the one she truly loved. Kicking at a small rock, her lover replied quietly, \"But is this the best decision for her? What if it doesn't work out?\" \"It will work out, trust me on this,\" the female spoke reassuringly. However, it didn't sound very convincing. Her lover seemed to catch the nervous tremor in her speech as he stepped forward and nuzzled her head. Holding back tears, she buried her face into his chest as she whimpered, \"I'm sorry. But this is how it's got to be.\" \"I know, I just...\" the male's voice cracked a little as he continued, \"I just wish that we had more time together...\" It sounded like he was struggling not to break down too. Surprised and even more depressed than before, the female reached up and kissed his cheek lovingly. The two lovers quietly gazed into each other's eyes, getting lost within their depths. \"I wish we had more time too, but this is for the best... for all three of us,\" the female whispered. Blinking her eyes to keep herself from crying, she added quietly, \"You'll see her again one day soon, I'm sure of it.\" She was trying to lighten the mood. It didn't exactly work as her lover nuzzled her soft fur and spoke wistfully, \"It won't be the same.\" Feeling helpless, the female almost broke down as she hugged him, wrapping her paws around his neck. She felt small strokes on her head as he tried to calm her. Comforted, she whispered, \"I love you and our daughter more than anything in the world.\" \"I love the both of you too Gidget,\" the male responded, a slight rasp in his voice. Hugging him tighter, Gidget forced herself to stay strong. Just then, both lovers heard a small whimper. Knowing who it was, Gidget murmured, \"Oh, the poor thing...\" The Pomeranian quietly padded over to a small makeshift shelter, where a tiny bundle of fur lay in a soft bed. Her white fur was marked with brown spots and her little black nose was covered by a fluffy tail. The young puppy twitched in her sleep and whimpered some more. Careful not to step on her tiny pup, Gidget curled up around the small bundle. Her lover watched at the entrance of the shelter. Instantly, the puppy woke up. \"Mommy, Daddy, I had a bad dream...\" the young pup mumbled, scuffing her paw. Licking her daughter's head gently, Gidget whispered, \"It's alright, it won't hurt you anymore.\" The puppy nuzzled her mother before looking up at her father. She was confused by the sad expression on his face. Glancing back at her mother, she saw the same expression on her face. \"What is it?\" the puppy asked, her mixed colored eyes wide with worry. She felt like she was witnessing a silent conversation between her parents. Finally, it was her father who broke the silence as he lowered his head towards his little daughter. \"Nothing to worry bout little one,\" he reassured her, nudging her forehead. The puppy giggled with delight. After battling the tears for so long, both Gidget and her lover gave in. \"Daddy, why are you crying?\" their daughter whimpered, confused about the whole situation at paw. Taking a breath to calm himself, her father nuzzled her face. Looking her in the eye, he whispered, \"No matter what happens, never forget that I love you, my little Galaxy...\" Getting up, he cast one more look at his only daughter and her mother. Gidget returned his gaze with sad eyes before he turned and walked away, disappearing into the darkness. \"Daddy, where you going?\" Galaxy whimpered, watching her father leave. Clumsily getting to her paws, she tried to follow him but her mother held her back. The young puppy could only howl, her voice filled with sadness, \"Daddy, come back! Daddy!\"[Chapter 2] Hi everyone, it's great to see all of your bright smiling faces. So... this is my first book on this website and I am still working out how this place works. If you all could, just bare with me. We will get through this together, I promise. And if you see some error that I didn't catch, please let me know and I will fix it in a jiffy. Without further adieu, enjoy... A Little Over a Year Later... Paws hitting the ground in a timed and balanced beat, Galaxy ran like her life depended on it. She could hear faint rustlings in the undergrowth behind her. But it sounded a pretty decent distance back. The young dog was more worried about what could possibly be ahead of her as she swerved around the trees and jumped over an assortment of roots and rocks. At last, she broke out of the tree line and found herself on an open field. High above her head was a clear blue sky dotted with fluffy white clouds here and there. A small breeze ruffled her fur. Feeling happy, Galaxy breathed in the fresh air, closing her mix colored eyes. They snapped open when she heard someone calling her name. Looking around, she found the source of the sound. On top of a hill were three figures. Luckily, there was also no sign of her pursuer. Grinning to herself, Galaxy bolted towards the hill at a somewhat relaxed pace. Visions of success danced in her head. All of the sudden, a dark shadow covered Galaxy. Heart pounding, the young dog looked up to see a black silhouette outlined by the bright sun above her head. A pair of eyes met her own. Galaxy quickly faced forward. Gritting her teeth together, she forced herself to run faster, her long legs a blur. The three figures on the hilltop were urging her onward, calling her name and such. Galaxy was barely aware of her paws hitting the ground as she inched closer towards them. Hope flared up in her heart as she saw how much farther she had to go. To some, it would seem that she had to take some more small bounds to reach the top. Being the optimistic opportunist that she was, the young dog saw another way. With that in mind, she took a flying leap. Time seemed to be frozen as the distance between her paws and the ground closed. It looked like she was gonna make it to the safe zone. However, her paws never did hit the ground again as she felt someone grab her back. A bit of panic swept over Galaxy when she suddenly remembered who it was that had a hold on her. She could also hear them chuckling to themselves... Just a heads up, there are gonna be some short chapters and there are gonna be some long chapters. And there are gonna be some that are in between, if that's even possible. I'm also gonna be using these little notes to share little trivial facts with you all. I hope you don't mind and I hope you all enjoy this story. First trivial fact- This entire story is based on this weird dream that I had recently...[Chapter 3] \"Ya know Galaxy, ya could've have made it if ya remembered to look up every now and then,\" Tiberius's voice sounded above Galaxy's head. As he was saying this, the old red tailed hawk was gently placing the young dog back on the ground. Feeling soil and grass under her brown feet, Galaxy smiled as she turned to face her uncle. Though they weren't related to each other by blood, all of her parents' friends had become family members to Galaxy. Through the bonds of friendship, the young dog had one aunt and several uncles. The young guinea pig Norman was more of a cousin to her. Speaking of the little rodent, he was coming over to her with Max and Pops. Sweetpea the little parakeet flew out from where he had been hiding amongst the branches of the oak tree at the hilltop. \"Not too bad Milky Way, you got closer to the finish line than last time,\" Pops complimented Galaxy, using his nickname for her. The young dog blushed a little at the elderly basset hound's words. Just then, she and the others heard the sounds of paws running. Turning around, she laughed when she saw some of her uncles racing over, completely out of breath. The moment they got over to the small group, Buddy and Mel flopped down on the ground. Snowball was clutching his foot, complaining about a cramp in his leg. Panting heavily, Duke's tongue hung out of his mouth. Snickering softly, Max spoke teasingly, \"You guys look like you just lost a marathon. Oh wait, you kinda did.\" Snowball waved him off. \"Max, your daughter... she moves like she's the wind...\" Duke panted. Legs shaking, he collapsed on the ground in a tired heap. Galaxy smiled at the compliment from her uncle. Max, meanwhile, replied, \"I know she does. I have never met a faster dog.\" \"Oh would you look who decided to join us...\" Snowball piped up. Lifting her head, Galaxy laughed as she saw her two best friends stumbling over the field. Fluffy tail wagging, she raced over to them. The one was Patch, a gray and white tabby cat. He usually had a thoughtful look on his face, unlike his younger siblings Callie and Mack. As hard as it was to believe, he and his siblings were the offspring of Chloe and Max, making him Galaxy's half brother. Nobody knew how that sort of thing could happen but, according to both youngsters' uncles, Max had apparently caught Chloe off guard and the next thing anyone knew, the gray tabby cat was pregnant. Everyone had a hard time trusting Max after that ordeal, especially Gidget. But eventually, the two rebuilt their relationship and had Galaxy. Though he was friends with the young dog, Patch still hated his father for what he had done to his mother. Galaxy's other best friend was a Shetland sheepdog named Leo, after his lion like appearance and golden and white fur. When she was a young puppy, Galaxy first met Leo when he moved into the same apartment building her father and uncles and aunt lived in. She was shy, he was talkative. One thing led to another and they became fast friends. \"How... are you... so... fast...?\" Leo gasped for air, his chest heaving. He collapsed on the grass. Rolling his eyes, Patch sat down and mumbled, \"You should lose some weight man. It could probably help you.\" Glaring at the cat, Leo retorted, \"I'm not fat! I'm fluffy!\" \"Sure...\" Patch responded. \"I don't know Leo, you look more fluffy than fat,\" Galaxy remarked, reassuring her friend. Hearing that, Leo smiled smugly at Patch, who batted at the Shetland sheepdog's head gently. Leo growled teasingly as he jumped up suddenly and pinned the cat. Laughing, Galaxy joined into the playfight. The three friends rolled around in a ball of fur and laughs. Their fun was interrupted as Max called out, \"Galaxy! Time to go home!\" Saying her goodbyes to her pals, Galaxy rushed over to her father. Nuzzling him, she followed the terrier out of Central Park and headed home. Before anyone says anything, I know a dog and a cat can't have children together. But in this story, they can, even though it's not clear how in the world that is possible. Another word, I honestly wish I could post some pictures of what Galaxy, Patch and Leo look like but I can not. I find that pictures really help when you are trying to describe what something or someone looks like. So I'm gonna attempt to describe them using words. Galaxy is mostly white with brown pointy ears, brown paws, and brown patches around her eyes. She's then got brown stripe like patches on her back and tail. Two and a half on the back and a half on her tail to be exact. I say brown but it's really mahogany. She's fluffy like Gidget. But her legs are longer than her mother's. She has a wolf like muzzle. Her left eye is a sky blue like her mother. Her right eye is a light brown. Patch is a lanky gray and white tabby cat. His patches are in the exact same place as Max's. His eyes are like an orange color. His tail is long and skinny, so are his legs. Leo is a Shetland sheepdog with golden and white fur. His eyes are a hazelnut brown. He is SUPER fluffy. I shall describe future characters like this and I shall hopefully find a way to show you all what they look like. I just don't know how yet.[Chapter 4] \"Mom, we're back!\" Galaxy announced as she and Max entered her mother's apartment. The pair were instantly greet by a little stampede of three puppies. All were Galaxy's younger siblings. The troublesome trio surrounded their big sister and father, yipping nonstop. A moment later, a voice called out, \"Do not let them out! They've been itching to go outside but they're not ready yet!\" \"Don't worry Mom, the door is shut!\" Galaxy replied. Max couldn't speak as he was pinned down by the twins Harry and Carrie. Aiden, the oldest and most mischievous one of the litter, was attacking his father's tail. However, he did it playfully. Laughing as she watched her siblings tussle with the terrier, Galaxy lifted her head just as Gidget padded over. Shaking her head quietly, Gidget murmured, \"I can never seem to calm them down. I guess this is what happens when you have a litter of three puppies.\" \"Good thing I was an only child,\" Galaxy remarked, smiling at her mother. A faint smile spread across Gidget's face as she slowly nodded her head. Something flashed in her sky blue eyes. Sensing that the Pomeranian was in deep thought, the young dog turned her gaze to her brothers and sister as they continued playing with Max, who was trembling with laughter and joy. Galaxy noted to herself how distinctly different she was to her siblings. Sure, they all had fluffy fur and a bit of length to their legs. They all had either blue or brown eyes. Three out of the four had spots. But that's where the similarities ended. The twins had their mother's appearance but they got their markings and eyes from their dad. Aiden was a completely white version of Max and had Gidget's blue eyes. Galaxy couldn't help but feel different. She had spots like her father but they weren't an orangish brown color. They looked more like a mahogany color. She had pointy ears and a wolf like muzzle. Her left eye was sky blue, just like Gidget's. Her right one, however, was a light brown. Galaxy sighed softly. All of the sudden, Galaxy's thoughts were interrupted as Max declared, \"I better get going, I'll see you guys later.\" The young dog smiled as her father went around nuzzling each of his children. Then he kissed Gidget lovingly before leaving. Once the door shut, the white Pomeranian spoke softly, \"Right, I want you all to get ready for dinner, chop chop.\" Okay, I lied in the chapter before this. Galaxy doesn't have stripe like patches on her back. It's more like just one stripe that covers her back from the shoulders to halfway through the tail. Sorry bout the inconvenience.[Chapter 5] Asleep in her bed later that night, Galaxy was dreaming. She was surrounded by darkness on all sides. Sniffing around and feeling her surroundings with her paws, she felt something warm and soft. A wave of comfort swept over the young dog as she moved towards the warmth and snuggled up against it. Just then, something else that was soft was pressed up against her. However, Galaxy felt no fear. All she felt was love and peace and happiness. Making herself comfortable amongst whatever it was that she was beside, she could hear two heartbeats. It was music to her ears. Blinking her mixed colored eyes, Galaxy looked up to see a gray light blending into the darkness. She could also see that she was between two figures. The one was Gidget, her blue eyes gazing down warmly at her. Though she couldn't see the second figure that well, Galaxy could make out a pair of light brown eyes filled with love. Both Gidget and the mysterious shadow meant the world to Galaxy as she smiled at them. Just then, a small sigh woke Galaxy up from her slumber. Disappointed that her dream had ended so soon, Galaxy tried to pinpoint where the sigh had come from. All her siblings were fast asleep in their own bed so it couldn't have been any of them. Stretching her legs, the young dog stepped lightly out of her bed to get a drink of water when she heard the sigh again. Curious, she followed the sound. Sneaking around behind the couch, she peered around the corner. Apparently, the source had been her own mother. Gidget was sitting in front of a window, her back turned towards Galaxy. The white Pomeranian was gazing up at the night sky that blanketed the city in darkness. The moon, though not full yet, shone brightly amongst its friends the stars. Gidget, however, seemed to be staring into space, completely lost in her own thoughts, whatever they may be. To Galaxy, it was both a beautiful and sad scene to witness. Quietly so Gidget wouldn't hear her and question what she was doing, she backed up and headed back towards her bed, leaving her mother in peace with whatever it was that she was thinking of so late at night.[Chapter 6] \"How was everyone's day so far?\" Leo asked late in the afternoon of the next day. Galaxy was with him and Patch at his apartment on the second floor. Sitting down and wrapping his long tail over his paws, Patch meowed, \"My new siblings are a pain in the butt.\" The cat's response caused a snicker from both dogs. After the whole thing that happened between her and Max, Chloe pretty much was left pregnant and in a depressed state. All her friends did everything in their power to make her feel safe and comforted. Most of the help came from Galaxy's mother Gidget, Chloe's admirer Pops, Norman and, surprisingly, Ozone. The leader of the Alley Cats had heard what happened to the gray tabby and vowed to help her. When Patch, Callie and Mack were born, the hairless cat became the father the three rightfully deserved. Afterwards, he and Chloe became a couple. Now, Patch had seven half siblings. \"I don't know Patch, your sisters are adorable. Consider them a blessing,\" Galaxy reassured her friend. Rolling his orange eyes, Patch grumbled, \"They won't go to sleep at night though.\" \"Try living on a farm with seven sisters,\" Leo piped up, recalling his early childhood memories. Turning to Galaxy, he continued, \"How bout you?\" \"Everything's all good here with me,\" Galaxy answered truthfully, flashing her pearly white teeth. Leo smiled at that, happy to see that his friends' lives were going smoothly. Patch glanced over at the fluffy Shetland sheepdog with a blank expression on his face. However, he twitched his tail as a sign that he was secretly pleased to know that nothing bad was going on. All of the sudden, there was a loud crash outside the shut window... Trivia Time! Trivia Fact 2- Patch was originally going to be named Miles. However, I completely forgot that I was going to name him that and by the time I realized my mistake, it was already too late. Yeah, oops. So... I just went with the flow and went along with the name Patch. However, that doesn't mean I'm gonna trash the name Miles. There might be a character later with that name. Trivia Fact 3- According to Leo, he is from a farm and was in an eight pup litter. His seven siblings were all girls. Poor fluffy boy... Trivia Fact 4- Patch is the half brother to the four (so far unnamed) kittens of Chloe and Ozone. He is also the half brother to Galaxy and her three younger siblings.[Chapter 7] \"What the heck was that?\" Patch murmured as the three best friends lifted their heads. Ears pinned against her head in embarrassment, Galaxy quietly padded over to the shut window. She quietly opened it up. A moment later, Tiberius hopped up on the windowsill. \"Why does no one open a window these days?\" the old hawk mumbled to himself, rubbing his head with his wing. Sitting down, Galaxy asked, \"What's up Uncle Tiberius?\" Leo and Patch came over and sat down behind the young dog. Shaking himself as he recalled the reason why he had come over, Tiberius answered Galaxy's question, \"Uh... your mother and Max want you back home. They didn't tell me what they wanted but I think you're needed for something.\" Getting to her paws, Galaxy nodded her head to the old hawk. Turning to her friends, she spoke softly, \"I'll see you guys later.\" \"Have fun doing whatever it is you're gonna be doing,\" Leo replied, thumping his fluffy tail on the ground. \"Take care,\" Patch responded, dipping his head. Smiling at her friends, Galaxy hopped up on the windowsill beside her uncle. \"Would you mind if you gave me a ride?\" she asked Tiberius. Lowering his head, the red tailed hawk replied, \"Climb aboard.\" Careful as she clambered up on his back. Grasping his shoulders with her paws, she made herself comfortable. \"Ready to go,\" Galaxy declared, wondering what her parents needed her for. Without another word, Tiberius spread his wings and flew over to Gidget's apartment across the busy street below. They arrived in a matter of seconds. Thanking her uncle, Galaxy entered her home through the open window to find both of her parents awaiting her. Fluffy tail wagging, she headed over. \"Hey there Galaxy, where've you been?\" Max greeted her, a grin on his face. \"Hanging out with Leo and Patch,\" Galaxy answered her father. Gidget came up to her oldest daughter and nuzzled her face lovingly. Galaxy smiled as she nuzzled her mother back. \"What did you need?\" the young dog asked, looking at both of her parents. \"Well- Tiberius, you can go now,\" Max pointed out. Looking over her shoulder, Galaxy saw that her uncle was still in the window. Startled, the hawk stammered, \"Oh, I thought... uh... you needed something else-\" \"No, you're good. Thank you,\" Gidget interrupted him, her voice kind. Dipping his head to Galaxy's mother, Tiberius spoke softly, \"Alright then, take care. Let me know if ya need anything.\" Nodding her head, Gidget replied, \"I'll keep that in mind, thank you. Now run along.\" Not needing any further invitation, the old hawk left. Turning her head back to her father, Galaxy piped up, \"Whatcha need?\" \"Today is the day where your siblings get to go outside for the first time,\" Max declared, straightening up a little and holding his head high. He winked over at Gidget, who faintly smiled. Galaxy wagged her tail as her father continued, \"And we want to go together as a family. What do you say bout that?\" \"I'm in!\" Galaxy yipped, struggling to contain her excitement. Trivia Fact 5- Birds can not see glass, hence why Tiberius crashed into the window. Expect to see more of that from him and Sweetpea.[Chapter 8] I know it's been awhile but have no fear, I have come with a new chapter. \"It's so beautiful out here!\" Carrie barked happily as she and her twin brother Harry jumped up and down to catch the leaves that twirled in the early autumn breeze. Their older brother Aiden was zooming left and right amongst the trees. Max and Duke, who had been invited to come along, were having a hard time catching him. Walking beside her mother Gidget, Galaxy merely laughed. \"Carrie, Harry, why don't you help your father and uncle with your brother?\" Gidget suggested quietly, looking over at her youngest puppies. Tails wagging rapidly, the twins raced off. Meanwhile, Aiden was now taunting Max and Duke from the top of a large rock. Groaning, Max struggled to climb up after him. Snickering, Galaxy piped up, \"Dad looks so funny when he tries to climb, right Mom?\" The young dog laughed even more when she saw her uncle doing the same thing. Not hearing a reply, Galaxy glanced at her mother. Gidget had been staring at her but turned her gaze when she was spotted. Eyebrow raised in question, the young dog asked softly, \"Mom, are you okay?\" Nodding her head quietly, Gidget answered, \"I'm just tired Galaxy, nothing to worry about. Why don't you help the others too? I don't want someone to lose an eyeball.\" Opening her mouth to say something, Galaxy thought better of it and trotted over to the rest of her family, giggling when she saw that Aiden was still evading capture.[Chapter 9] \"Hey Galaxy, what's up?\" Buddy asked three mornings later as Galaxy stopped by for a visit. The dachshund was playing a race car video game against his best friend Mel and neighbor Leo. The golden Shetland sheepdog waved at Galaxy, who waved back. Nearby, Patch and Norman were playing checkers while Sweetpea supervised. But they stopped their game as everyone turned towards the young dog at the window. Coming inside, Galaxy spoke thoughtfully, \"Guys, I've been wondering…\" Some nervous glances passed between Buddy and Sweetpea the parakeet while Mel scratched his ear. Taking a deep breath, Galaxy went on, \"Have you guys noticed anything strange about my mom recently?\" \"Is she sick?\" Pops asked, strolling up to the window behind Galaxy in time to hear her question. Shrugging her shoulders, Galaxy stammered, \"No, I mean… I don't know. She doesn't look sick but she's acting weird… and… I don't know how to explain but there's something not right.\" \"Has your father done anything recently to upset her?\" Buddy asked with a slight growl in his voice. The adults in the room scowled at memories of long ago. Patch scowled too, his tail twitching irritably. Galaxy shook her head. \"Don't worry, Gidget is strong,\" Buddy reassured Galaxy, patting her shoulder. Mel added in, \"She's the strongest amongst all of us!\" Sweetpea chirped in agreement, doing a somersault in the air. Biting her lip, Galaxy gave her thanks to her uncles and friends before leaving. But she had one more stop on her mind... I have some good news everyone. A friend of mine on Wattpad has agreed to draw up some of the characters for my story. I suggest checking out their art book.[Chapter 10] \"There has... got to be… a better... way of… getting up... here…\" Galaxy muttered to herself quietly as she climbed up the green fire escape to her father's apartment building. Though she had long legs, it was still difficult using the stairs. Getting down the steep steps was fine. Going up them… well... that was a completely different story altogether. But it wasn't long before the young dog finally arrived to the rooftop of the apartment building. Panting, Galaxy looked over to her left at a creepy old shed. Though he was one of her favorite uncles alongside Buddy and Duke, Galaxy hardly ever came up to the rooftop to pay her uncle Tiberius a visit. According to her aunt Chloe, she used to beg all the time when she was a puppy to head up. However, Max didn't feel comfortable about having his young daughter around the old hawk. Gidget, meanwhile, explained to Galaxy that her uncle was usually very busy. But there were a few times she was allowed up. And it was normally when Max was on a dog walk with the others. Still regaining her breath after her climb, Galaxy silently made her way towards the shed. Approaching the front door, she peered inside to find Tiberius fast asleep. By his side was an old video camera. Recalling memories from her childhood, Galaxy remembered how the hawk always kept it away, saying that it was something not to be meddled with. It appeared that her uncle had gone to sleep after watching whatever he had on the camera. Pushing the door open as quietly as she could, Galaxy crept over in a stealthy manner. She was always curious about what the camera had to offer. Heart pounding, she tentatively reached out for it. All of the sudden, a voice spoke, \"What have I told you bout the camera?\"[Chapter 11] Galaxy froze stiff as she silently glanced down to her right. Her uncle Tiberius had just woken up. Lifting his head, the old hawk waited for an answer. Gulping, the young dog lowered her gaze as she mumbled, \"Don't touch.\" \"Very good, you remembered… or at least ya did after being caught,\" Tiberius responded. Picking up the camera, he flew up to a one of the higher branches in his shed. Hanging the camera upon it, the hawk came back down. \"What brings ya here anyway? Ya don't exactly visit me in my shed… or anywhere to be exact,\" he remarked, stretching. Biting her lip nervously, Galaxy began, \"Well, I think there's something wrong with my mom but-\" \"What's Max done this time?\" Tiberius growled, his talons scraping the floor underneath the pile of bones. Quickly, Galaxy exclaimed, \"Dad hasn't done anything! I just don't why Mom seems so upset lately.\" Sitting down, the young dog added, \"And why is it that everyone immediately jumps to conclusions that my father's done something?\" Sighing softly, Tiberius murmured, \"Max and your mother sometimes had fights that always seemed to leave Gidget in tears. This was before you were even dreamt of.\" Thinking quietly for a second, he went on, \"Speaking of your mother, I suggest you just try your best to keep her happy, okay?\" \"Alright, thank you,\" Galaxy replied before leaving to head home.[Chapter 12] \"There you are! I was beginning to think you were dognapped,\" Gidget remarked as Galaxy came home. The fluffy white Pomeranian was busy cleaning off food that somehow gotten all over Harry's face. Out of all three puppies, he usually got the dirtiest. No matter what, he always got himself into a mess. Specifically with paint. It also led everyone to discover that he had an eye for art. Tail wagging nonstop, Harry yipped, \"Hi Galaxy!\" \"Hi Harry,\" Galaxy replied, smiling at her youngest brother. \"Hold still, you have food all over your face yet,\" Gidget spoke in a firm but kind voice as she continued cleaning him. Sighing softly, she asked quietly, \"So, where were you today?\" \"Visiting my uncles and friends, talking with them, that kind of thing,\" Galaxy answered. She sat down and helped her mother with Harry. Once they both finished, they let him run back to join his twin sister and troublesome older brother in a fun game. While her younger siblings played their game, Galaxy stole a quick glance over at Gidget. As usual, Gidget seemed to be lost in her own thoughts. Her eyes were trained on Aiden and the twins. But it looked like she was staring right through, like they were nothing but empty space. Left ear twitching slightly, Galaxy reached out a paw and lightly tapped Gidget on the shoulder. Jumping a little, her mother turned to face her oldest daughter. \"Mom, you okay?\" Galaxy asked. \"I'm fine, don't worry about me,\" Gidget replied in a quiet voice. \"Are you sure because-\" \"Aiden, no! We do not throw things in this apartment! Especially at your own sister!\" Gidget suddenly barked just in time before Aiden could throw a big styrofoam ball at his sister Carrie. The Pomeranian headed over to get the item out of his possession. Galaxy trotted after her mother, deciding to ask her the question later.[Chapter 13] \"Aiden, get down from there!\" Max barked at his son. Giggling, the white puppy waved his tail in the air teasingly as he barked, \"Come and get me Dad!\" The little troublemaker knew just how to annoy his father. For instance, climbing up a rock and taunting is a great starter. Standing beside Max, Galaxy laughed as she watched her little brother Aiden teasing them from his throne. A month and a half had passed since the three puppies were allowed to go outside. It seemed to have opened a doorway to more adventures for them. Or more ways to make mischief in Aiden's case. The puppy was full of tricks and surprises. \"That's it, I'm grabbing him,\" Max muttered. Turning towards Snowball, the terrier ordered firmly, \"Keep an eye on Galaxy and the twins.\" \"Dad, we can look after ourselves!\" Carrie protested. \"Look, a butterfly!\" Harry cheered. \"You can count on me Tiny Dog!\" Snowball cried, saluting Max. Sighing long and hard, Max turned his attention back to Aiden, who was still taunting him from the top of the rock. However, Galaxy stopped her father. \"Don't worry Dad, I can get him,\" she reassured him. Without another word, she began climbing up. The young dog was actually surprised at how well she was doing. It was usually hard for dogs to climb things. But apparently not for Galaxy. Moments later, she reached the summit. Eyes widening, Aiden mumbled, \"Uh oh.\" He turned to run. \"I don't think so!\" Galaxy growled teasingly, grabbing Aiden by the scruff before he could get very far. Her little brother whimpered protests but Galaxy became deaf to his complaints as she clambered down the rock carefully. The pair were on firm ground in no time. \"Hurray for Galaxy!\" Harry and Carrie cheered. Snowball gave his niece a thumbs up. Max, in the meantime, was giving Aiden a scolding. Proud of herself, Galaxy sat down and smiled. She was pleased with how everyone was praising her for her actions. Flicking in ear, the young dog lifted her paw to lick it when something caught her attention. A lone gray squirrel.[Chapter 14] Now, no one knows for sure why dogs hate squirrels so much. There are a variety of reasons out in the world, including Mel's theory that squirrels would one day take over the world. Whatever the reason was, dogs were born to despise those little rodents. It was in their nature to hate them. And Galaxy, right now, had her eyes on dog's worst enemy. Hackles raised and fur bristling, Galaxy quietly got to her feet. Noticing this, Snowball piped up, \"Uh, Max?\" Looking up from where he had been scolding Aiden, Max knew something was wrong if the white rabbit was using his name. Seeing how Galaxy was acting, the Jack Russell terrier padded over to his daughter. \"Galaxy, it's just a squirrel, nothing to worry about,\" he whispered. Just as he said that, the squirrel moved a little. It was just enough to send Galaxy rushing forward. Frightened, the squirrel took off running. Its pursuer refused to lose sight of the rodent as she chased it. Swerving around all kinds of trees left and right, Galaxy could feel her blood rising and her senses heightened. Her vision seemed to be covered in a mist of red. She was barely aware of her brown paws hitting the ground. Her mixed colored eyes narrowed as she closed the distance between her and the squirrel. However, the squirrel had other plans as it scampered up a tree. That didn't stop Galaxy though as the young dog bunched her muscles together and leaped. The squirrel was almost captured as it climbed higher. Blood roaring in her ears, Galaxy growled as she hung on tightly to the branch she had landed on. Ears pinned, she was about to make an attempt to follow the squirrel when she heard a voice call out to her…[Chapter 15] \"Galaxy, get down from there please! I already have a hard time climbing up rocks. I really don't want to start climbing trees,\" Max called up to Galaxy, his head tipped back. The terrier was panting from his run. He had followed his daughter amongst the trees, trying to keep her in his sight. With a slight growl, Galaxy jumped down, landing on her feet. \"Come on, let's get- Galaxy?\" Max paused in the middle of his sentence when he noticed the weird expression on his daughter's face. Galaxy's teeth were showing a little under while she suppressed a snarl. Her ears were pinned against her head and her black nose was sniffing the air. But it was her mixed colored eyes that really caught Max off guard. Though they were still sky blue and light brown, the pupils were narrowed and the terrier could've sworn that there was a red glint in the depths of Galaxy's eyes. Her fur was bristling and her claws, long and sharp, dug up the dirt and grass underneath her paws. She stood rigid as she slowly turned her head to face her father. Backing up with small steps, Max mumbled, \"Galaxy, it's me… Max… your father. Remember?\" His voice shook with fear as he continued walking backwards. With a slight growl, Galaxy took a step forward, eyes narrowing and fangs bared. It would appear that she had lost her mind or something. Even more frightened than before, Max walked a little faster but bumped into a red maple. He had gotten himself in a corner with very little escape options. And Galaxy was still approaching him. At last, she stood face to face the terrier. Tail tucked between his legs, Max whimpered, \"Galaxy, what are you doing?\" Snarling, Galaxy could see nothing but the red mist, which seemed to have thickened. Everything was now different shades of red. She had cornered her prey against a tree. Tail swishing with anticipation, the young dog lifted her right forepaw above her head. She could barely hear her victim's pleads and whimpers in her current state. A fierce growl from her silenced them. Claws glistening in the sun, Galaxy was about to bring her paw down. And then she suddenly snapped out of it... Trivia Fact 6- This part actually scared me a little as I was writing. It scared me even more when I was dreaming about it.[Chapter 16] Blinking her eyes, Galaxy stood there without making any moves. Slowly, she looked from a very frightened Max to her right forepaw, which was still poised to strike him. A tremor took hold of her body as she quietly lowered her paw. Drawing in shaky breaths, the young dog looked back at her father. The terrier had not made a single sound. But the horror and fear on his face told Galaxy everything. Gulping, she stuttered, \"Dad… I'm so sorry… I don't know-\" \"I don't want to hear about it right now Galaxy,\" Max growled slightly. Hearing the footsteps of Snowball and the three puppies, he leaned forward slightly and whispered quietly in Galaxy's ear, \"I'm gonna have a discussion with your mother when we get back.\" \"With me present?\" Galaxy asked nervously. \"No,\" Max almost spat. Just then, Snowball and the puppies arrived at the scene. Clutching his side, Snowball murmured, \"What has the domestic life done to me?\" Aiden and the twins giggled as he went on, \"I need to get back in shape.\" Looking up and noticing the eerie silence between Galaxy and Max, he asked in a concerned voice, \"Hey Tiny Dog, everything okay?\" \"Yeah, everything's just alright here,\" Max answered. With one last glare at Galaxy, the terrier walked around his daughter. Shaking, Galaxy hung her head in shame.[Chapter 17] \"I honestly don't know what happened. I was chasing the squirrel and the next thing I know, I'm about to strike my dad,\" Galaxy whimpered. Sitting beside the upset dog, her feline half sister Callie rested her tail across her shoulders. The calico cat purred softly in an attempt to cheer up the canine, \"There there, it's not your fault-\" \"But it is my fault! I could've killed my dad right where he stood!\" Galaxy howled in anguish. Looking up from licking his paw, Mack meowed, \"I would've killed him.\" \"For once, I agree with you,\" Patch voiced his opinion. \"Boys, if I told you once I told you a thousand times. Just because you hate your father Max doesn't mean you should wish for him to die!\" Chloe hissed from the other room, where she was currently trying to give a bath to four rowdy kittens. Sighing sadly, Galaxy whined, \"What do I do now? My parents are no doubt arguing over at the apartment and it's all because of me! They'll probably throw me out like garbage!\" Tears glistening in her mixed colored eyes, the young dog was on the verge of breaking down. Just then, her aunt Chloe padded into the room and approached her. Wiping away the tears with her striped tail, the tabby spoke with empathy and sincerity, \"Galaxy, I'm sure your parents will not throw you out like garbage. They'll come to terms and everything will be fine again. Do you understand me?\" Galaxy nodded her head quietly with a small smile and a sniffle. Smiling softly, Chloe went on, \"Now run along and get home before your owners come back.\" Tail wagging a tiny bit, Galaxy thanked her aunt and bid her friends a farewell before leaving for home.[Chapter 18] Padding over to her own front door, Galaxy was about to open it when she heard voices on the other side. She placed her ear up against it, straining to listen. Though the words were muffled, the young dog could tell that the voices belonged to her parents. Taking a deep breath, Galaxy opened the door a little bit. Inside, she couldn't see her younger siblings. However, she wasn't even really looking for them as her attention was focused on her parents. Max was pacing the floor, an irritated look on his face. Gidget was laying on the couch looking depressed. \"Max, please-\" she started to say but the terrier interrupted the Pomeranian, \"Where the heck were you?!\" \"I was over with Pops, I already told you this. Where are the pups?\" \"Aiden and the twins are with Duke and Snowball while Chloe is watching Galaxy.\" \"And they're not here because?\" \"Do you know what Galaxy did not that long ago?\" Galaxy shook fearfully as Gidget replied back, \"No.\" \"She was about to attack me!\" \"She would never-\" \"Oh but she did! I could've been killed!\" \"Galaxy would do no such thing!\" \"Yeah, at least normal Galaxy wouldn't.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"She lost her mind! She didn't recognize who I was!\" \"Max, please-\" \"Gidget, our daughter was acting like a savage beast!\" Hearing those last words, Galaxy silently backed out into the hallway and shut the door as quietly as possible. She couldn't believe her own father had said that about her. Tears began brimming in her eyes. Noticing them, Galaxy swiftly blinked them away. Shaking herself, she opened the door again and acted like she just got there. Her parents stopped their conversation instantly. Huffing, Max grumbled, \"I'll grab the puppies and bring them over.\" Gidget nodded her head as her only response. On his way to the front door, Max cast Galaxy a dirty look as he passed her. Then he was gone. Gulping, Galaxy turned towards her mother and asked, \"What did he say?\" Sighing softly, Gidget put on a smile and answered, \"Nothing to worry about little Galaxy.\" Yeah, Max seems to be a GREAT father if you ask me. He has one litter who completely hates his guts and now his daughter is upset with him because he had unknowingly insulted her right in the face. Great parenting skills Max. In fact, here's the Parent of the Year award. *whispers to crowd* He's a terrible parent![Chapter 19] Eyes open wide and paws silent on the floor, Galaxy crept out of her bed and towards the door. It was the middle of the night, several hours after the young dog heard the quarrel between her parents and the hateful words springing forth from her father's mouth. It may have took place only five hours earlier but it was long enough for Galaxy to decide her next move. She was going to run away. Sure, there were some doubts that Galaxy still had swirling around rapidly in her mind. But she had a very long list of reasons of why she should run away. And that was all she needed to justify her bold decision. \"Like anyone's going to miss me when I'm gone…\" Galaxy mumbled under her breath as she reached up and opened the door. There was a loud creaky noise. Stiffening with fear, Galaxy silently glanced over her left shoulder at her mother. Curled up around the three puppies, Gidget slept on, only moving her paw so Harry wasn't on top of it. Breathing a sigh of relief, the young dog continued with her daring task and slipped out into the hallway. Turning around to shut the door, Galaxy peered inside the apartment for what felt like could very well be the last time she ever saw it. She stared at her mother and younger siblings. Sighing softly, she whispered quietly, \"I'm so sorry Mom, I really did try to fit in.\" Without another word, she shut the front door and walked away, not even looking back. Uh oh... well done Max.[Chapter 20] Padding down the street, Galaxy just focused on her paws. She didn't bother checking both ways before crossing the street. Then again, the young dog didn't even care if some random car came tearing down and slammed into her with brutal force. She wanted her misery to be over. Suddenly, her ears picked up footsteps behind her back and they were getting closer. Growling, Galaxy spun around with her paw raised to strike. \"Okay! You win Galaxy, there's no need for that!\" Leo yelped, raising his paws to cover his face. Patch ducked behind the Shetland sheepdog. \"What are you guys doing here?!\" Galaxy demanded, breathing hard. She lowered her striking paw but kept her claws out. The last thing she wanted was a shadow. Taking a step forward, Leo quietly answered her question, \"Patch told me what happened. We both feared that you might have been grounded and forced to stay home so-\" \"Chubs here had the brilliant idea of coming to see you,\" Patch concluded. \"I'm fluffy!\" Leo protested. \"Sure you are…\" Patch murmured. \"Well, you met me. Now go home,\" Galaxy muttered. She turned to leave but Leo got in her path. \"You're running away?!\" he exclaimed. Ear twitching, Galaxy grumbled, \"Leo, get out of my way.\" She went to move around him but then Patch came forward. Sitting down and wrapping his tail over his paws, the cat meowed, \"If you leave, we'll tell everyone.\" \"You wouldn't dare,\" Galaxy snarled. \"Oh but we would,\" Patch replied. \"I'm not changing my mind. I need some space and that's that!\" Galaxy declared. Bunching her muscles together, she jumped over her friends' heads. Getting to his paws, Leo cried, \"And we're coming with you!\" \"What?!\" Galaxy and Patch exclaimed at the same time.[Chapter 21] Even before the sun rose the next morning, Gidget knew something was up. And it had something to do with her oldest daughter Galaxy. The Pomeranian opened her eyes and glanced over to see an empty bed. Heart pounding with worry, she jumped out of her own bed, accidentally waking up the three puppies who were sleeping peacefully, and rushed over to the window. About Twenty Four Minutes Later… \"We checked Leo's apartment, he's also gone,\" Buddy reported as he, Mel and Sweetpea came back. \"Patch is missing too,\" Ozone meowed, resting his tail reassuringly on Chloe's shoulders. The gray tabby cat sat hunched over and appeared miserable. \"So that makes three youngsters missing altogether,\" Pops summed up. Whipping out a guinea pig sized notepad and a pencil, Norman squeaked, \"Let's try to figure out why they ran away.\" \"Good plan little guy!\" Mel exclaimed enthusiastically. Sweetpea lightly patted Norman on the head. Scratching behind his ear, Duke mumbled, \"How do we know they weren't kidnapped?\" \"Now is not the time to take notes!\" Max barked, standing rigidly. Snowball was off to his right, a little taken back by the ferocity of the terrier's words. To Max's left was Gidget, looking even more miserable than Chloe. She wouldn't even glance over at Max as he continued, \"We're finding them. Or, I should probably say, I'm finding them.\" Hearing that, Gidget quickly piped up, \"Wait!\" All eyes were on her as the Pomeranian slowly approached Max. Lowering her head, she mumbled, \"Maybe we should send somebody else. Someone she can trust.\" Scrunching his face up as he thought, the terrier nodded his head quietly as he realized that his girlfriend was getting somewhere. Lifting his gaze, he called out, \"Duke, Buddy! Galaxy trusts the two of you pretty well. Go get her.\" \"Don't forget Patch and Leo!\" Chloe added in. Duke swished his bushy tail as he replied, \"We shall not fail.\" \"I want Tiberius to go along as aerial support,\" Gidget announced. Heads turned towards the red tailed hawk who had been hiding in the back of the crowd. He quietly stepped forward and, bowing his head to Gidget, murmured, \"I'll bring Galaxy back, I promise. Even if it kills me.\" \"I know you-\" Gidget started saying but Max interrupted her, \"Good, now go find those three and bring them back!\"[Chapter 22] \"I can't believe I convinced you to bring us with you!\" Leo yipped, trotting alongside Galaxy with a spring in his step. \"I can't believe I'm actually going along with this…\" Patch huffed as he took up the rear of their small group, his tail dragging on the ground behind them. After finally giving into Leo's insane idea to bring both him and Patch along, Galaxy and her two best friends had traveled a pretty good distance from their homes. Heck, they were no longer in Manhattan and would soon exist the Bronx and New York City altogether. The first time any of them would be beyond their roots. \"Where do you guys think we should go?\" Galaxy asked, reaching the top of a hill that the trio had been climbing. Needing some rest, the young dog sat down. Coming up beside her, Patch collapsed. \"Why not Chicago? I hear that's a nice place.\" \"Boring! I say we all go to Los Angeles and become movie stars!\" Leo barked, puffing out his fluffy chest boastfully as he stared off into space with a dreamy look on his face. \"That's on the other side of America you imbecile!\" Patch hissed. \"Look, both places sound very nice!\" Galaxy interrupted a possible argument between her closest pals. Sighing, she continued, \"Who knows? Maybe we'll visit both Chicago and Los Angeles.\" \"You don't plan on coming back anytime soon,\" Leo inferred, tilting his head to the side. \"One day, yes. Right now, no,\" Galaxy replied. Just then, an unfamiliar voice spoke out in a tone as soft as silk, \"My, I sense an independent spirit deep within you.\" Galaxy, Leo and Patch whirled around to find a black hound leaning against a tree behind them.[Chapter 23] The three friends didn't move a muscle, standing as still as statues. The black hound, however, started moving towards them. His scruffy fur was as dark as a night without the moon or stars. There were some places on his face, neck and shoulders where fur was missing and scars could be seen. One of his ears was bent slightly in an angle while the other had a long nick in it. He was long legged, short tailed and skinny. But there was still some muscle to the hound as he approached the trio, stopping in front of Galaxy. \"What are the three of you doing out here all by yourselves?\" the black hound asked smoothly. The question had been directed towards the small group. But the hound was only looking down at Galaxy. Feeling a little uncomfortable, the young dog muttered, \"Hate to burst your bubble but our problems are not meant for people the likes of you.\" \"Good one Galaxy!\" Leo praised the young dog. \"Galaxy huh? That's a beautiful name,\" the black hound almost purred as he added, \"I'm Hades.\" His short tail wagged while he lowered his head so he was eye level with Galaxy, who was currently uncomfortable about how close he was. Glancing over at her friends, she could tell that they weren't exactly pleased with the situation either. Gazing into each other's eyes, the trio silently agreed to get out of here and as far away from the hound named Hades as possible. \"Well, uh… oh, would you look at the time! We better get going!\" Patch exclaimed. Glancing up from Galaxy, Hades pointed out \"But it's late morning.\" \"Precisely! We were supposed to be back home in the early morning. You know, before the sun rises,\" Leo persisted. Backing up towards her compadres, Galaxy nodded her head and went on, \"Let's go guys.\" All three turned to leave. However, Hades had other plans as he bounded ahead and stopped right in front of them. \"Why leave now? You just showed up. Stay awhile,\" the black hound spoke with a voice of silk. Ears pinned against her head, Galaxy growled slightly as he gently touched her cheek and whispered, \"Especially you, Galaxy…\" \"You keep your paws to yourself!\" a familiar voice snarled threateningly from the nearby bushes. A moment later, a giant mutt came crashing through.[Chapter 24] \"Duke?\" Galaxy questioned fearfully as she recognized her uncle. Her heart plummeted when she saw Buddy and Tiberius come out of hiding as well. Standing in between the three youngsters and Hades, the trio stared down at the black hound. \"I suggest you get outta here if you want to keep your tail or whatever that thing attached to your rear end is,\" Buddy growled. Tiberius, meanwhile, dug his talons into the soft earth threateningly. Hades, though not intimidated, backed off. Bowing his head to Galaxy, he spoke elegantly, \"You know where to find me if you need me Galaxy.\" Hissing, Tiberius lunged forward and swung at the hound. Yelping, Hades took off running. \"Don't let us catch you anywhere near these three ever again!\" Duke howled, his fur bristling with anger. \"Yeah, what he said!\" Buddy barked. \"You guys are the coolest!\" Leo praised the three adults. Patch quickly covered the Shetland sheepdog's mouth before he could say anything else. However, Galaxy knew that they were in deep trouble as her uncles turned around slowly and deliberately. Eyebrows furrowed to express his disappointment, Duke muttered in a demanding tone, \"Which one of you three came up with the brilliant idea of running away from home and somehow convinced the other two to join in on your little adventure?\" Gulping, both Leo and Patch pointed at Galaxy in unison.[Chapter 25] \"Galaxy, do you even know what you put both of your parents through? They are worried sick about you. We all were!\" Duke lectured Galaxy. Buddy was currently sitting beside Leo and Patch while Tiberius was perched on a branch above their heads, acting as a lookout. Raising his paw in the air, Leo opened his mouth to say something. Instead, he received a mouthful of fur as Patch covered it with his tail. He then proceeded to lower the Shetland sheepdog's paw. Huffing, Galaxy grumbled, \"They're not worried sick about me.\" \"Yes they are. Your mother is heartbroken while your father-\" Duke started to say but Galaxy interrupted, \"My father insulted me!\" \"I'm pretty sure it wasn't an insult. Maybe you took a joke the wrong way,\" Buddy piped up, trying to be optimistic. Lashing her tail side to side, Galaxy snapped, \"Would a father call his own daughter a savage beast?!\" \"He did what?!\" Tiberius screeched, his talons digging into the branch. Duke's jaw hung open. Lost for words, the giant mutt could only shake his furry head in sadness for his niece. Awestruck, Buddy turned to face Leo and Patch as he stammered, \"That… that can't be true… right?\" Glancing at each other in dead silence, Patch quietly removed his tail from Leo's mouth. Spitting out some cat fur, the young Shetland sheepdog nodded his head and replied, \"Galaxy told us what happened. We were just as shocked as you guys were.\" \"Look, I'll have a long talk with your dad when we get home. But you three are coming with us, no buts,\" Duke informed the trio. Leo and Patch nodded their heads quietly, feeling a little guilty. However, Galaxy snarled, \"I'm not going back! My father hates me!\" \"Max doesn't hate you. If anything, he ain't right in the head,\" Tiberius told Galaxy in an attempt to soothe her anger. A small growl could be heard in the old hawk's voice though when he spoke Max's name. Based on the disappointed look on Duke's face and the slow head shaking side to side by Buddy, Galaxy could tell nobody was pleased with Max's actions. The atmosphere was thick with tension.[Chapter 26] The decision was finally made. All three of the youngsters were returning home with the adults where they would receive a small punishment for running away. Galaxy was gonna be in a little bit more trouble than the boys. However, Duke had reassured his niece that he will tell Max that she had heard what he had said and convince the terrier to make amends. Hopefully, everything will be alright and the bond between father and daughter will be rebuilt. But Galaxy wanted none of that. She had already formulated another plan to run away. Opening her mixed colored eyes, Galaxy looked around at her companions. Leo and Patch were fast asleep in a pile. The cat snored loudly while laying stretched out on the Shetland sheepdog. Nearby, Duke and Buddy were sleeping side by side. Above their heads, Tiberius slept perched on a branch. Smiling softly to herself, Galaxy silently got to her paws and started creeping silently and stealthily out of the makeshift camp. Just then, a twig snapped under one of Galaxy's paws. Duke's bushy tail moved slightly in response a second later. Freezing where she stood, the young dog held her breath as she quietly watched her uncle. Her heart pounded in her chest when he rolled over in his sleep, almost crushing Buddy. \"Five more minutes Mr. President…\" the giant mutt mumbled. He said nothing more. Breathing a sigh of relief, Galaxy turned tail and left. Trotting down an embankment not far off from the campsite, Galaxy couldn't help but smile. \"I am clever,\" she commented to herself, flicking her ear. She laughed quietly in her head at how well her plan worked. But all of the good feeling inside of her faded when someone grabbed her scruff…[Chapter 27] \"Hey! Let me go!\" Galaxy growled threateningly, squirming around in an attempt to escape. Holding her by the scruff, Tiberius murmured, \"Running away is not the answer to everything Galaxy, you know better than that.\" The old hawk was struggling to stay aloft as he held the young dog just a few inches above the ground. Fortunately for him, Duke and Buddy had heard the commotion and were arriving at the scene. Leo and Patch had been woken up and were silently spectating from behind a log. \"You can let her go now,\" Buddy spoke softly, directing his words to Tiberius while he and Duke sat down. Allowing Galaxy's paws to touch the grass and earth first, the hawk relinquished his hold on her scruff. Galaxy rushed forward instantly, intent on running away yet. However, all three of her uncles blocked her possible exits. She only accomplished running smack dab into Duke. Huffing and snarling, she reluctantly sat down. \"Galaxy, you're coming back home with us whether you want to or not. That's final,\" Duke stated loud and clear. The tone in his voice and the way he held his head showed how much authority he had, despite the fact he was still the clumsy mutt that everyone knew. Lashing her fluffy tail side to side, Galaxy retorted, \"And my dad?! What about him?! A daughter should never hear such loathsome words pouring out the mouth of her very own father!\" \"I agree a hundred percent with you Galaxy. Max had no right to say that about you,\" Buddy piped up. Nodding his head quietly, Duke added on, \"My brother loves you as much as he would if you two actually were related by blood.\" Eyes widening, the mutt quickly covered his mouth with his giant paws while Tiberius slapped a wing over it. But it was already too late as Galaxy questioned her two uncles, \"What are you talking about?\" Removing his wing from Duke's mouth as he realized it was no use hiding anymore, Tiberius sighed softly and whispered, \"Galaxy, Max… he's not… your real dad…\" And the secret is officially out everyone! Now the question is... who's the real father?[Chapter 28] \"He's… he's not my dad…\" Galaxy mumbled quietly, the words ringing in her ears like a bell. The world around her seemed to fade away. She was barely aware of the firm ground underneath her brown paws. The young dog was struggling to comprehend what she had just heard. Worried for their friend, Leo and Patch rushed out from behind the log and went right to Galaxy standing on either side of her. \"Okay, hold on. That's not possible. Max is a hundred percent Galaxy's father. He and Gidget love each to the moon and back,\" Buddy pointed out, completely baffled by the situation. Looking over at Duke and Tiberius, the dachshund continued, \"If you two are making this up in an attempt of telling a joke, it's not funny. You should know better than to do that to Galaxy.\" \"Buddy, we're not making this up. It's the truth. Max is not Galaxy's father,\" Duke mumbled, shuffling his big paws. Buddy's jaw dropped as he heard and recognized the sincerity in the larger canine's voice. Breathing hard as she tried to control her overwhelming emotions, Galaxy glared at her uncles Duke and Tiberius. \"Tell me the truth, the whole truth. Tell me everything you know.\" Her claws were beginning to tear up the green grass underneath her paws. Across from the young dog, the giant mutt and the old hawk silently glanced at each other. Fur bristling with agitation, Galaxy shouted, \"TELL ME!\" Sighing heavily, Duke looked Galaxy straight in the eye as he replied back to his niece, \"Make yourself comfortable, it's a long story…\" Trivia Fact 6 - The phrase \"TELL ME!\" was inspired from MCU's Thor when Loki said the same thing. I wouldn't be surprised if Galaxy said it in the same manner and with the same expression on her face as when Loki did it.[Chapter 29] \"Back before you were even dreamt of Galaxy, your mother and Max got into their third argument. You see, Max had cheated on Gidget twice but they always got back together. But this time, that terrier screwed things up big time,\" Duke began. Gesturing to Patch, he went on, \"That's when my brother got Chloe, your mother Patch, pregnant with you and your siblings.\" \"We all couldn't believe that Max would do this to Gidget three times. She was absolutely devastated after she found out what happened to Chloe,\" Tiberius picked up where Duke left off, \"She was too heartbroken by everything Max had done. One day, she even tried to kill herself. Thankfully, someone saved her.\" \"Who? Who saved Gidget?\" Leo asked, intrigued by the tale. Having been silent through the whole thing so far, Galaxy glared at the Shetland sheepdog, willing him to shut his mouth. \"Nobody knows. But I believe that was your father,\" Duke answered. Taking a deep breath, the giant mutt continued, \"I guess they saw each other more and more until, one day, Gidget found out she was pregnant with-\" \"Me,\" Galaxy finished Duke's sentence. Her uncle nodded his head quietly. Stepping forward, Tiberius spoke softly, \"Gidget asked Duke and I to keep this a secret from Max, in which we agreed to do. Then she hid in Central Park, where she gave birth to you. We brought food for the both of you for about a week or two. After two weeks, she brought you back home.\" \"Did you ever meet my real dad?\" Galaxy questioned. Duke and Tiberius shared a sideways glance with each other, keeping their mouths shut. After Galaxy let out a low and threatening growl, Duke mumbled with a heavy heart, \"I'm truly sorry Galaxy but… Gidget said that your father left when you were still really young.\"[Chapter 30] Galaxy couldn't believe what she had just heard. \"He… he left… without saying anything?!\" she snarled, her fur bristling. Leo and Patch quickly scooted away from her friend, knowing better to leave her alone when something was angering her. Claws digging into the earth, Galaxy looked over at Buddy. \"Did you know anything about this?!\" The dachshund rapidly shook his head. He was just as astonished as the younger animals by all of this information. Turning her gaze towards her uncles Duke and Tiberius, Galaxy growled, \"You kept this from me my whole life?! You kept it from everyone?!\" \"We didn't have a choice Galaxy. We promised your mother we would never say a word to you until the time was right,\" Duke explained. He opened his mouth to say more but Galaxy interrupted him, \"I don't want to hear anymore of this. I'm going to hunt down my real father, look him in the eye and kill him right on the spot. That's what he deserves for abandoning me.\" Leo gasped when he heard that while Patch's jaw dropped. Eyes widening with shock, Buddy stammered, \"Galaxy, there's… there's no need for that now…\" \"Yes, there is!\" Galaxy barked, her claws glistening in the moonlight. Eyes narrowing, she added on, \"And I'm going alone. Consider this the last time any of you will ever see me cuz I am never coming back after this.\" Glaring at Duke and Tiberius, she growled, \"Tell Gidget I'm disappointed with her choices.\" Without another word, the young dog whirled around and raced off into the night before any of her companions could stop her...[Chapter 31] Paws tearing up dirt and grass as she ran over rocks and tree roots, Galaxy never once looked back. Behind her lay only liars and false stories. She couldn't believe her entire life had been a lie. The young dog's mixed colored eyes narrowed to tiny slits as she thought of her real dad. He was the source of all this mess. And he was going to pay for it with his life. Galaxy could already picture herself chomping down on his throat, the ground soaked in his blood while the light died in his eyes. Skidding down a gravelly hill, Galaxy tore through a small campsite. People quickly jumped out of her way. Feet of all sizes moved left and right while food went flying into the air. The young dog was so entranced by the thought of killing her father that she didn't see an incoming foot until it was too late. By then, she was already tumbling over and over, finally stopping when she knocked over a canister of gasoline. Growling at the human who had accidentally kicked her, Galaxy continued on her way through the dark forest. Little did Galaxy know that the gasoline was slowly creeping towards the campfire...[Chapter 32] Putting as much distance between herself and the campsite, Galaxy began to slow down a bit. After a little bit longer, she stopped altogether so she could catch her breath. Sitting down beside a rotting log, the young dog took in deep breaths. Panting, she tipped her head back. The night sky could be partially seen between the leafy canopies of the trees in the area. Gazing at the moon and its smaller companions the stars, Galaxy closed her eyes. Blinking her mixed colored eyes open, Galaxy found herself entering a daydream. It was more like a memory from her past since she realized that she was her puppy self. Looking around, she saw that she was inside a makeshift shelter, laying on a soft bed of moss. \"Galaxy!\" a gentle voice called out to the young dog. Turning her head, she saw a pair of light brown eyes peering through the bushes not too far away from the shelter. \"Come on baby girl, you can do it!\" the voice spoke again, beckoning Galaxy. Just then, she felt a tiny nudge behind her as she heard Gidget speaking to her, \"Go to Daddy little one, you've got this.\" Getting up on her brown paws, Galaxy made her way clumsily towards the eyes in the bushes. \"Come on my little Galaxy, I believe in you,\" her father urged on the young dog. She was almost there… Just then, the smell of smoke woke Galaxy from her daydream. Huffing, she looked over her right shoulder to find a wall of fire creeping closer to her…[Chapter 33] \"We're just going to leave her out here?!\" Leo exclaimed, devastated that Galaxy had run off again, this time without saying goodbye. Patch was too speechless to join in the conversation. Sighing long and hard, Duke slowly turned his head to look at the young Shetland sheepdog. Sadness glistened in his brown eyes as he whispered, \"She has every right to be upset with everyone. I'm sorry but there's nothing we can do to change her mind.\" Gazing up at the night sky high above their heads, he continued to himself, \"How am I going to explain this to Max and Gidget?\" \"Max would probably kill us,\" Buddy overheard Duke as he padded over to the giant mutt. The dachshund glanced over at the rest of the group as he asked, \"Everyone ready to go?\" \"I think so…\" Leo mumbled quietly, still upset. He looked to his left to find that Patch wasn't beside him. Turning around, he found the cat, who seemed frightened about something. His long tail was all puffed up like the bristles on a hairbrush. Padding over to his feline friend, Leo asked, \"Dude, you okay? We have to go.\" Shaking, Patch didn't reply. Huffing, the dog followed his gaze to find a horrific scene. A section of the forest several miles away from where they stood was ablaze due to a raging wildfire. \"Campers these days, this is exactly how people lose their lives,\" Duke grumbled, disappointed with some of the actions humans commit. Tiberius's eyes were wide with terror as he watched the flames. Thinking for a moment, Buddy piped up, \"Isn't that the direction that Galaxy headed in?\" Everyone's blood ran cold at the thought. Trivia Fact 7 - Tiberius's greatest fear is fire. I will probably go more into depth with that in this or later stories of mine so stay tuned folks.[Chapter 34] Coughing, Galaxy squinted her eyes as she ran for her life. But there was too much smoke, making it hard to see. She had already ran into three trees and tripped over a rock. All the while, the fire was gaining on her, surrounding her on all sides. Panting, the young dog picked a direction and ran blindly into the ever thickening cloud of smoke. Just then, Galaxy fell over after tripping over her own paws. Yelping, she tumbled down a steep incline head over heels. Reaching the bottom, she tried to get her bearings. Her mixed colored eyes widened when she saw a flaming branch rolling down the incline towards her. Quick as lightning, she leapt to her paws and jumped out of the way. She was still too slow though as the branch hit her back leg. Hot searing pain was all Galaxy could feel as tiny sparks lit the fur on her leg on fire. She swiftly patted out the flames, burning her pads. Looking around, she saw what looked like a safe spot. The young dog got up and ran for it. Somewhere high above her head, Galaxy could hear the familiar crack of a tree branch. She risked a glance up to see that she was right. This one, way bigger than the last one, was breaking off an oak tree completely engulfed in flames. With one last echoing crack, it finally broke off and began to plummet towards the forest floor. And Galaxy was in its path. Galaxy tried to urge her legs to move, to run, anything to get her out of the way. But her paws, rooted to the ground like the burning trees surrounding her, refused to listen to her brain. The young dog could only watch in sheer terror as the flaming branch came closer and closer to crushing her. However, the branch never touched the canine as someone shoved Galaxy out of harm's way…[Chapter 35] Shaking herself to clear her head, Galaxy tried to comprehend what just happened. One moment she was about to be crushed by a flaming branch. In the next, someone ad come out of nowhere and shoved her out of the way. Squinting through the smoke, Galaxy could make out the large oak branch. She could barely see the figure underneath. Carefully avoiding the flames as she quietly approached her savior, the young dog gasped when she recognized who it was under the branch. \"Tiberius!\" Galaxy barked, trying to get her uncle's attention. No reply came though. The red tailed hawk was unconscious, the burning branch pinning him underneath it. Heart pounding, Galaxy quickly but gently grabbed the old hawk by the back of the neck and tried to pull him out. However, her efforts were in vain. The branch was too heavy and her uncle's chest and rib cage were trapped under. Panicking, the young dog cried out, \"Someone help me! Please!\" Then she tipped her head back and howled with all of her might, praying that she could be heard over the roaring flames. She howled until her throat was sore. Yet no one came. That is, until a dark figure emerged from amongst the burning forest.[Chapter 36] \"Hades? Is that you?\" Galaxy questioned, her voice sore from howling. She could barely make out the black hound through the thick cloud of smoke. Flashing a pearly white smile that shone orange in the light of the raging fire, Hades replied back, \"You got me. I knew we would see each other again Galaxy. What seems to be the problem?\" Coughing slightly, Galaxy answered, \"My uncle… he's stuck under this branch.\" \"I see…\" Hades mumbled, peering around Galaxy at the unconscious and trapped Tiberius. Padding past the young dog, he cautioned, \"Stand back Galaxy before you get burnt to a crisp here. Let the professional show you how it's done.\" Nodding her head, Galaxy did what she was told without question and watched quietly as Hades turned his back to the flaming branch. Bunching his muscles together, he kicked as hard as he could with his hind legs, sending the oak branch flying. Tiberius was free in a matter of seconds. \"Thank you!\" Galaxy exclaimed, rushing over to Tiberius's side. The old hawk was still unconscious. Just then, the young dog felt soft fur brush up against her own as Hades stated, \"We're not safe yet Galaxy. Here, climb up on my back. I'll carry you and your uncle to safety.\" The black hound bowed down so the smaller canine could climb aboard. Galaxy gripped his shoulders while Hades gingerly picked up Tiberius. Without saying a word, he dashed through the burning forest. Leaping over any obstacle and swerving around the hungry flames, the hound never lost a beat. It wasn't long until Hades got both Galaxy and her uncle Tiberius far away from the uncontrollable wildfire. ","Summary":" It was a dark summer night in NYC. Thousands of stars lit up the jet black sky high above the beaut"}]