[{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Honest Trailers: The Shape of Water","Author":"Legatum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13099245","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Following Trailer Is Rated NM For No Mercy! From the director that must be the whitest looking Mexican in cinema history, comes a film that generated critical acclaim, won numerous awards, and took the film industry by storm, proving that Hollywood will prop anything up on a pedestal if it's weird enough. The Shape of Water! Meet Elisa, a mute, mousy, unattractive custodian working at a top secret facility during the Cold War. When abusive army stereotype Col. Strickland brings back a mysterious fishman from the depths of the Amazon, Elisa and the fishman bond over the mutual crappyness of their lives, forming a romantic bond that would make any normal person want to vomit. Cringe as del Toro constructs an literally ugly interspecies romance between an f##king fishman, and a woman who is arguably less attractive than the f##king fishman. When Elisa can no longer take the abuse her beloved fishman is suffering (ugh, just saying that makes me feel dirty) at the hand of the evil military, she frees him and they go on the run, proving once again the immortal power of love, even is that love is an abomination of nature than makes Princess Elise kissing Sonic The Hedgehog look good by comparison. But all bad love stories must come to an end, and this one ends on a weirdass cliffhanger that resolves nothing, but del Toro got his fishman romance, so I guess little things like story resolution don't really matter. So run like hell from a film that could have been a griping, creative drama highlighted by the uncertainly of the Cold War era, but ended up as just another platform for del Toro to express his creepy fishman fetish, as well an excuse for film theorists to go nuts about how this piece of crap is somehow connected to the Hellboy Franchise. As if. Starring: Abe Sapien- The Amphibian man Fish Fetish- Guillermo del Toro Fish Face- Elisa Every Evil Army Officer Ever- Strickland Big Mama- Zelda The Shape Of del Toro's Psyche! I just hope del Toro never manages to worm his way into the Aquaman franchise. Can you imagine the creepy direction things would take? Ugh. ","Summary":" The Following Trailer Is Rated NM For No Mercy! From the director that must be the whitest looking "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"SOS Fish","Author":"Serpico1986","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13081209","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The story bellow takes place years before the events of the movie (Elisa is 7 years old here. And judging by the actress age, she must have between 40-45 years old in the movie.) Anyway, it´s based in one phrase Giles said in the movie, i was rewatching it and this idea pop up and i decided to write. Other than that, in my stories, Elisa is Giles adoptive daughter. Hope you enjoy this story Good reading TheBatQueen and DSCWin, thanks for the help. SOS FISH It was Saturday morning and Gilbert, \"Giles\" Labret decided to head to the fish market to buy some seafood for his and his adopted daughter, Elisa. Giles knew that his beliefs never permitted seafood to be consumed but he never was one to follow the rules. As a past offense, with no major consequences, a few weeks before, he had purchased a few shrimps for lunch. Nobody gave him a second look. \"Okay, sweetheart you ready to go?\" he asked his daughter as he finished putting a bow in her hair. \"Yes Papa !\" the mute girl singed happily making Giles smile back. \"Alright lets go then.\" He said and he gently took her hand and lead them out of his apartment. It was that seven years go that day, Giles found a baby girl next to a river. She was small and knew wouldn't survive long by herself that he decided to take her into his home and raise her like his own. He took the girl quickly and in result named her Elisa as he always liked that name. _/_ To be completely honest, Elisa didn´t enjoyed the fish market, as all that creatures lying dead in front of har, make her a bit nauseous. Not that she didn´t appreciate the shrimps, they tasted good, but it was only this she was able to eat. Once arriving at the market, Giles and Elisa approached a counter, where a handsome man worked on cleaning a few shrimps and seashells, but when he saw Giles and Elisa coming, he stop and sm8led at them. ''good day, Sir, in what can I help you?'' he asked. ''good day'' Giles smiled awkwardly ''I will like a bit of shrimps and seashells please'' he said looking straight to the man. While her father talked, Elisa put herself on the tip of her toes, to look at him. ''hey, you little girl, what´s your name?'' he asked ''Elisa'' she spelled, but the man doesn´t understand ''her name is Elisa'' Giles said for his daughter ''she can´t talk'' ''oh, I'm so sorry'' the other man said ''she´s yours?'' he asked and Giles blushed ''yeah, she´s my daughter'' he said. While Giles started to chat with the man, Elisa started to get bored, as much as she loved her father, she hated when he decided to have chats with strangers, specially when it came for her muteness, this way, without him noticing, she turn her back and decided to wander around the place, seeing all the different creatures ready to be sale. It was amazed and a bit creepy in some ways and for a moment, she wished she could have voice, to ask her father to take her home. Not much away from where Giles was buying his food, there was a huge glassy fish tank, where the small creatures swim from side to side, trying to find a way out, but never getting it. One of the creatures, a huge silver fish, called Elisa´s attention, as he seemed alone and sad, probably missing his family. It looked at her in thee eye twice, as if asking for help and without excitation, the little girl decided to help it. With a quick glace behind her back, Elisa noticed that her dad was still talking to the other man, this way, she gabbed a small bucket that was near the tank and climb in it, in order to be taller enough to reach inside the tank. Unfortunately, despite of been small from her age, Elisa was heavy enough to lean over the tank and as soon she put her height on the glassy tank, she lost her balance and in seconds, both her, the tank and all creatures inside, fall on the flor wish a loud splash. The whole market stops. Upon seeing Elisa on the floor, wet, hurt and surrounded by the fishes, an older angry woman approaches her and grab her ear. ''you retarded girl what in the earth you think are you doing?'' she yelled at Elisa, not noticing Giles approaching. ''hey, don´t talk to her like that!'' Giles barked, holding the older woman away from his daughter ''I'm sure it was just an accident!'' he barked as the woman looked at him ''ah, you´re that guy, Gilbert Labret'' she pointed at him and in response, Giles paled ''you´re a sinner'' she said. And without a second word, Giles took little Elisa on his arms and rush away from the market, before people start to point to them; _/_ Later that same night, Giles decided to ask Elisa what she was trying to do. After they got back from the market without food, the father improvised something for them to eat and no word about what happened early was spoken or signed, still, Giles wanted to know what his daughter was trying to do, so, once he put her in bed, he looks serious and asked ''Elisa, can you explain to me what you did today?'' ''the fish at the tank, Papa, he was sad'' she signed '' I wanted to rescue him, so he could be with his Papa, too'' she signed, and Giles just shocked his head ''sweetheart, the fish wasn´t sad at all, he was with his friends and his Papa was probably there too'' he said ''you could hurt yourself doing that, you see?'' he asked and the girl just shocked her head ''you promise never do that again? Don´t climb in stuffs you know you can get hurt'' '' i promisse'' ''good girl'' he kissed her forehead ''and don´t try to rescue any other creature, ok?'' ''I promise, Papa'' Elisa signed again, regretted of what she did. After that day, Elisa never tried to come close of another sea creature, neither in an aquarium, nor any fish marked, until that night… END ","Summary":" The story bellow takes place years before the events of the movie (Elisa is 7 years old here. And j"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Paradise Lost","Author":"Riene","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12907109","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N— Paradise Lost continues my series for the movie The Shape of Water. The previous two offerings are The Shape of Loneliness and Firmament. Paradise Lost April 2018, Riene . They were together one minute and apart the next, separated by a school of silvery fish numbering in the hundreds, perhaps thousands. As the first few had flitted toward them the Creature had grabbed one, then two, his stiff mouth opened in what she recognized as a smile. \"Good. Eat.\" He'd bitten down on one, splitting it in half with his hard teeth-like jaw mandibles, and offered the other, bloody end to her. Elisa had shaken her head, still vaguely nauseated at raw, oozing entrails. He'd shrugged, a habit he'd picked up from her, and eaten the remaining part in two swift bites. But the fish kept coming, a few at first, darting frantically by them, then dozens, then hundreds. The Creature had frowned and looked back at her. \"Stay.\" She'd nodded to show she understood, and he flipped backwards, muscular legs propelling him away, curious to see the source of their fear, the reason for their flight. Perhaps he hadn't seen the shark, concealed by the silvery mass, but she did. Heart pounding frantically, Elisa reacted quickly, swimming perpendicular to the school as she'd been taught. Adrenaline gave her speed, and when she surfaced next the shark was nowhere to be seen. Nor was the Creature. She hadn't worried, at first. The fish had been disorienting, the sunlight reflecting from the choppy water and the silver bodies thrashing by her, and she wasn't perfectly certain in which direction she'd swum. Toward a shore, hopefully, and not open ocean. As of yet she couldn't swim well enough to battle the rolling waves and sizable currents. They'd been keeping within a mile of the shore, risking the danger of being seen, until her paltry skills increased. He finished chewing through the thick netting and spat the foul-tasting pieces far away. Getting caught in a net like a guppy was beneath him. Well, except for that time a few months ago. Silt, dredged up by the heavy weights and nets made it difficult to see and to breathe. Freeing himself, he swam up and away from it to gain some perspective. The heavy seines, pulled by boats far above dragged relentlessly along the sea floor, scraping everything in their path. Corals and sponges were ripped from the floor, crustaceans struggling to slide through the holes, enormous fish thrashing frantically against the mesh, their sides bleeding. A desperate octopus flattened itself and slipped through an opening, swimming away as fast as possible. With a powerful flip he swam away, eyes straining through the murky water. Barely visible in the distance, the shadow of another boat darkened the surface. Below it the sea floor churned. All around him the water echoed with the sounds of distress, of fear, of pain. Elisa surfaced, staring about in dismay. She'd surfaced once before, seeing the line of trawlers, and dove deeply, swimming away from them. The last thing she needed was to be seen. No, the last thing she needed was to be caught. Oh god, what if he had been caught, trapped in the heavy fishing nets? There was no way to signal him, no way to warn him. Not for the first time angry tears rose in her eyes, frustrated at her lack of a voice. If only she could call him. With his preternatural hearing, the Creature would surely have been able to find and return to her. If she could only call him. Elisa ducked back under water, listening frantically, but though she knew his haunting underwater tones, the very music of her soul now, she could not distinguish his voice against the background cacophony of the ocean's symphony. She took a deep breath and held it, listening intently. From far away the mournful cry of a lonely whale echoed through the deep, overlaid by the agitated chittering of dolphins. Beneath it ground the the heavy thrum of engines, mankind's destruction, and the irregular clicking even he could not explain. Elisa surfaced again, impatiently. How had he shown her to find land? She shook back her hair, ruined now from weeks of salt water immersion. She'd been proud of her hair, despite years of the nuns' admonition that pride was a sin. Soft, straight, and silky, the Creature had been enchanted by it, running his webbed fingers through the ebony strands. Now, with no other comb than her fingers, it was a mermaid's tangled mane. She shut her eyes, turning her face, waiting for a breeze. In the evenings and at night, the currents of air flowed from land out to sea, bringing the smells of foliage and humanity. Far more sensitive than she, he would unerringly direct them to a remote bay where they could sleep, safely hidden in the shallows. Angrily Elisa wiped her face, salt tears mixing with the salt water. They had never been separated long. What would she do if he did not return…could not return? She could not now live on the land, not after the miraculous changes he had wrought in her body. They were so far south, by her best reckoning, beyond the boundaries of the United States, past Cuba and probably Mexico. She had no money, no identification papers, barely any clothing left. Would anyone here even understand her hand signs? The breeze, tentative then stronger, blew cool against her cheek and she turned. Land was that way. He would expect her to follow their set routine. She could only hope he would somehow follow and find her. The sheer scale of the destruction was unbelievable, horrific. He'd been following the line of trawlers for miles, appalled. Many of the smaller fishes had escaped through the gaps in the nets, but most had not. All were claimed, crustaceans, porpoises, dolphins, sharks, even rocks, entire chunks of coral reefs, and innumerable fish. His anger was threatening to overwhelm his sense, his pectoral lines pulsing dark reds. He longed to return to ELISA , but this destruction could not go undeterred. He seized the nearest net, keeping his legs well away from the tangling webs. The material was far too tough for his clawed hands to tear apart, cutting the tender webbing. His claws could not rend it. Grimly the ancient Creature began to sever the strands with his teeth. She emerged from the water, dripping and shivering, pale in the waning sunlight. Was this a cay or an atoll? She wasn't truly certain of the difference, and in the end it didn't matter. The beach was deserted, a thin expanse of sand bordered by a rocky eroded shore. Brush, grasses, and a few small wind-twisted trees grew in scattered clumps. Wearily Elisa climbed the rock wall, wincing as the sharp stones cut her feet. Nothing, no sign of human habitation, no distant twinkling lights could be seen. Perhaps she was safe. Enough driftwood lay about that she could build a small fire, assuming there was any way to get it started. But was it worth the risk? She still preferred her meals cooked, to the Creature's amusement. It would take little effort to gather clams or oysters, a fish or lobster. Would a fire be seen by the trawlers, or any other passing boat or aircraft? Would they assume someone camping or someone in need of rescue? She didn't need rescue; she needed only him. Dragging the tattered remains of her dress about her shoulders, covering her breasts, Elisa drew her knees up to her chest and waited. Finally the last of the nets hung in shredded tatters, attached to the trawlers above by one hook. He judged them no danger; they were too damaged now to be able to hold the most inexperienced crab. Satisfied and feeling no small amount of glee, a revenge against the land-dwellers who had no concern for lives other than their own, he swam away. The surface waters were cooling, the warmth-giving orb slowly disappearing at the water's edge. Stars would be overhead soon. The Creature twisted around in the water, looking about. He did not often notice the passing time; there was only now , and later , and then-ago. Time was a land-dweller concept he struggled to understand, but he had the sense that he had been under the water attacking the seine nets for a very long time . He chirped into the breeze, then dove underwater, calling. Only the sounds of the ocean met his ears. A shiver of panic between to tingle at the edges of his mind. Could the trawlers have caught Her? How would he ever know? He could not risk going near them to listen, to try to catch her scent on the breeze. There was a sharp, swift, bird-like sound she could make with her mouth, but nowhere could he hear that either. Exhaustion threatened to overwhelm him. His hands were torn; shoulders ached and jaw ached from the effort of rendering the seine worthless. His chest hurt as well from the lengthy submersion. He needed to find a place and rest, but he would not leave without ELISA . The Creature began swimming in an increasingly wider spiral, searching. Elisa sank onto the shore, head on her knees, tears stinging the cut on her face. She'd climbed the rocky cliff to its highest point and stood there, whistling the sharp signal she used for him, staring out across the darkening waters as the sun slowly sank behind her. The light was quite dim by now, and she'd been unable to find the relatively easy spot to climb back down. She'd tried, though, and slipped, grasping at the rock face frantically and injuring herself, only to fall in the end on the sandy beach below. She'd lain there a moment, stunned, the breath nearly knocked out of her lungs, before finally dragging herself upright. Her cheek was cut, her hands badly scraped and abraded, her feet sliced into ribbons. Thank heavens for the sand, otherwise she might well have broken a bone, and then what would she have done? Wincing at the pain from her injuries, Elisa staggered to the shore and gasped at the shock of pain as the salt water flooded her open wounds. She washed them as well as she could, rinsing the grit of the crumbing rocks and sharp sand away. The blood flowed red and dissipated, diluted by the rushing, foamy waves, and slowly, she crawled back to higher ground on knees and elbows, trying to keep more sand from irritating the cuts. Hungry, cold, and hurting, Elisa lowered her head to her hands and wept. A wild terror, such as he'd never known, threatened to overcome his mind. Not even when the nets had pulled him from the water and he'd been shocked into unconsciousness, only to find himself trapped in the metal cylinder, had been like this. For now he feared for ELISA . His agonized cries echoed through the deep, desperate and grieving. She was nowhere to be found. Wearily he began to swim toward the nearest shore, schools of fish scattering before him. He needed rest, rest and sustenance, before beginning the search again. His senses told him there was land ahead, one of the many fragments of eroded atolls or cays that lay scattered across the enormous expanse of water. He would rest there, find fish or perhaps crabs, and resume his search. As he drew closer to the island, a familiar, bitter metallic tang entered the water. He knew that taste, and in a frenzy of desperate movement, flung himself toward the shore. Even from here he could see the small, crumpled figure lying still upon the sand, and a cry escaped his throat as fear threatened to overwhelm him. He staggered from the water, falling to his knees beside her motionless form, howling his grief and loss. Once before loneliness had driven him to seek others and nearly cost him his life and freedom. Now the loss of ELISA would destroy him. He bent his head and rubbed his thin scaly cheek against her face, gathering her body to him. Elisa's eyes flew open and she raised one aching palm and laid it against his chest. He was here, safe. The Creature's shrill keening stopped abruptly as her tear-filled eyes looked up into his desperate golden gaze. The shock and relief transmuted to guilt almost instantly, and he looked away, ashamed of having left her. He had not protected his mate as he should, and she would be right to leave him. But Elisa pulled his face to hers and kissed him desperately, clinging to his shoulders and sobbing in relief. The Creature lifted her hand, licking her blood from the torn flesh, crooning. He frowned, concentrating, the iridescent markings on his torso growing brighter, whiter, as her flesh knitted together, healed, leaving only thin white and pink scars. Her hands were signing so quickly he struggled to understand. \"Shark, lost. Afraid. Long. Island shelter night. Waiting. Rocks, climb, fall, hurt, blood. Sleep.\" \"Boats,\" he signed back. \"Nets. Fish. Many dead. Me. Nets dead. Searching. Sad. ELISA. Fear, sad.\" \"It doesn't matter now,\" she answered, slowing. \"We are together. You, me, together.\" \"Together,\" he affirmed. Wearily they climbed to their feet and began to collect a simple meal of crabs and shellfish. He seemed reluctant to go far from her, touching her arm, her leg often, as if for reassurance. He'd returned briefly to the water, hunting fish for himself, then pulled her down onto a hollow in the sand, plucking at her ragged skirt and staring at her intensely. Smiling Elisa unfastened the few remaining buttons and he slipped the faded dress from her shoulders. They made love on the beach, clinging to each other fiercely as they rode out their passion under the stars. At last, they turned their backs to the moon. He slept next to her in the shoals, clawed hands locked around her back, fearing even in his exhaustion, perhaps, that she might somehow slip away again. Elisa curled herself around her lover as tightly as possible, cradling his head against her chest and stroking his neck and shoulders. In sleep his clawed hands moved against her back, and she smiled at the word. Together. They were. A/N- Bottom trawling is an actual, highly controversial method of fishing employed by many countries. The nets are held down with heavy weights and dragged for miles, sweeping up everything in their path. The amount of damage done to the ocean floor and continental shelf is indescribably horrific. Entire coral reefs are ruined and habitat destroyed. Up to 80 or 90 percent of the collected sea life, including many endangered species, called \"by-catch\" are considered \"collateral\" and tossed back overboard, mostly dead and dying. These include birds, sea mammals, and the \"wrong\" fish. Some sharks can sense blood at the ratio of one part per million. They have an acute sense of smell and olfactory system. I figured our Fishman could be no less sensitive! I hope you've enjoyed this addition, and please leave a comment or review. Thanks! ~R ","Summary":" A/N— Paradise Lost continues my series for the movie The Shape of Water. The previous two offerings"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"The Last Supper","Author":"Mr. Bluu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13119917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bam! Bam! Bam! Fins ripple outward, gills tighten and eyes harden next to her. He's about to roar. Elisa can feel it; he's going to roar and wake up Mr. Arzoumanian and then the bulging man will pound up the stairs yelling about putting a stop to the whole thing and lose his fucking mind when he sees she hasn't gotten a dog after all- Around the corner and in the alcove that passes for a kitchen in this year of 1962, Zelda manages a quick look with Giles once she takes her eyes off the curls of meat sizzling before her, and the older man cocks his head, acquiescing. Elisa's practically having to brace herself against the creature's shoulders and digging her red heels into the striated wood to keep him from knocking down her door in overprotective zeal. She feels the rapid tap of a finger on her shoulder, and sees her artist neighbor smiling toothily at her. \"Don't worry about it, honey,\" he says. \"Just keep our boy from getting too excited. I have the door.\" \"Your eggs are doing fine too!\" Zelda hollers from across the apartment. \"You're welcome!\" Elisa smirks to herself and looks back up at the amphibian man imploringly. You don't need to worry! We're just having a guest over. You don't mind it when G-I-L-E-S or Z-E-L-D-A are guests, do you? His eyes dart around the abnormally crowded apartment, looking for an excuse between the floorboards or hiding in a shoerack cubby. Door closed. Cannot see. Who? No idea. Can be bad men. Many tools. Not hard to hurt. You can't be serious. He just called us on the phone before starting the drive here! Trust me. He'll take kindly to you. One wet grumble, and he's hers. She leans forward on the tips of her scarlet shoes and kisses him gently. Elisa looks deep into his eyes. Thank you. I love you. Trust E-L-I-S-A . Love E-L-I-S-A back. \"Ahem . . .\" a slightly effeminate voice with the barest nuance of a foreign accent coughs. Fully aware of who exactly it was, standing there next to Giles in the doorway, Elisa flushes blood red at the snap of a finger. Taking the amphibian man's hand and squeezing it like a squid, she turns on her heels. Guiltily, she bites her lip, and with her free hand fracturedly signs welcome! Although in broken sign language it probably looked like Well . \"'Well', as in what do I think?\" Dmitri asks as he steps heavily through the doorway, hanging his crisp black coat on the rack behind him and hefting a large, vague, creamy-looking dish in a plastic container. \"I mean, stranger things have happened. I know he is self-aware. I hope the two of you are happy. I simply never imagined he had that kind of emotional epoch within him yet . . .\" Immediately she glares blushing daggers at Giles. The old man shrugs from behind the Russian, signing back to her wasn't just going leave him out in the rain! \"Regardless, I have already met your man Giles,\" Dmitri continues. He sets his contribution to tonight's dinner down on Elisa's dining table and strides back over to her, calmly grinning. \"You must be Elisa Esposito. Pleased to make your acquaintance again. It is good to see you as well, Mrs. Fuller!\" He raises his voice on the last sentence. Zelda's wide face dips around the corner, smiles once, and then she resumes unleashing culinary fury that rivals God's zeal when he made the world. \"And you!\" Dmitri exclaims as his eyes land on the creature. \"You have been keeping him healthy, Ms. Esposito? His coloration is fuller and darker, his gills are saturated . . .\" The amphibian man turns to Elisa and the many inches of his long, lurid tongue stick out in disgust. No. Color always same. Gills always wet! Talk about nothing! Before anyone can respond to the creature and before Elisa can tell him off for being rude, Dmitri smiles. \"Maybe not to your eyes, but perhaps we'll go over the finer points of it at dinner, mmm?\" Five chairs are held tight by gravity and the weight of five humanoid beings sitting upon them. Elisa and the creature sit side by side, and the latter of the pair glistens under the halfhearted light with renewed vigor. A wad of chemical supplement from his minutes-ago dunking in the bathtub still clings to his shoulder, and Elisa picks it off him and flicks it onto the floor. She sits meek and content in her chair. Her previous blouse, stained with eggshell fluid and fish oil and bathwater, has been swapped out for the cheapest, longest dress she could find in red, one she's kept wrapped in a bulwark of plastic for the three weeks since her last moment of weakness in a department store. The creature says he likes red, and his will is done. He sits as upright as he can, with his hips angled behind him and his back arched. Elisa suspects he's tired of the chair's back smushing his golden spines, or maybe he wants to look as prestigious as possible in some one-sided battle of ethos with Dmitri, who he's eyed somewhat predatorily ever since the scientist came in. He and Giles are across from Elisa and the amphibian man, and Dmitri seems like a different man than the defeated, fragile-hearted one she saw each night at OCCAM. Frequently his V-shaped smile presented itself, and he's been the picture of gentlemanly to her and Zelda both. Napkin tucked into his suitvest, his eyes dart to his cup of glassy vodka once or twice a minute. Giles opted for a glass as well. Once upon a time, Elisa might have slapped the cup out of his hand as his lifts it to take a drink in the silence. But she's seen Giles at his best and worst. At the rate he used to drink in the first few months after his rejection from Klein & Saunders, one drink that small wouldn't even phase him. At the head of the table is Zelda, clad in all blue, holding both Giles and Elisa's hands in each of hers as grace begins. Elisa thinks it significant that the older lady's clothes are so similar to those she wears while slaving away in OCCAM's shoved-elsewhere bathrooms and supply closets. She's always at work, but she doesn't seem tired with the way she glows contentedly at the table. \"Everyone ready?\" Zelda asks. Elisa and Giles nod. Dmitri shakes his head. \"I am from the U.S.S.R., Mrs. Fuller,\" he says. \"I wouldn't want to pollute your prayers with my lack of faith.\" \"Just 'cause you're wrong don't make you evil.\" She smiles warmly at him. \"C'mon.\" He nods and takes Giles' hand, and with a much slower extension of his arm, the creature's. Four sets of small, white eyes close, and one luminous duo of gold ones scans the others, perplexed. \"Heavenly Father,\" Zelda begins, with a relaxing breath. \"Thank you for givin' me and my friend Giles here the skill to make this here feast we have. Thank you for giving the five of us some peace in the world, for helpin' us find each other. Thank you for giving Elisa the biggest, most stubborn heart anyone's had since David. Thank ya for this meal, that we take into ourselves, that we might better do your bidding. In Jesus' name, Amen.\" \"Amen.\" Amen . \"Amin'.\" It's truly fortuitous that God is thanked for the food currently testing the weight limits of what Elisa's dining room table can hold, because it might just have come from the highest, most holy and most blissful dining hall behind the Pearly Gates. From Giles : quiche after quiche, five in all. Each one had the most creamy, golden-brown egg filling, and within were all manner of spices and meats. As he and Zelda and Elisa had all labored for the last few hours preparing everything, Elisa had seen cuts from all sorts of different creatures; slices of salmon and a bit of herring, skinned flanks of cow or pig, chicken and turkey and duck all intermingled with egg and butter and crust. Like flecks of acid in the pies were peppers and onions, cilantro and herb. Elisa's not sure where he got the money to buy everything, but she'd heard tell of a mighty final paycheck from the ad firm after his firing. How he hadn't blown it all on drink, she couldn't fathom. To complete his contribution, he'd bought at least seven, stout salt containers should anybody wish to pour a bit over the ropes of pork belly that Zelda had brought. Striated amongst said pieces of meat were what looked like the juiciest, fattest pieces of . . . well, fat that Elisa had ever seen. They were curly and glistening, pockets of Nirvana amongst the hardy, protein-filled portions of muscles. Each strip was thicker than Elisa's dainty fingers, and longer than her entire hand. From the way she had listened during their cooking, the meat had sang a crackling, oily song as the tender juices within were summoned to the surface of their vessel. Even now, over the rest of the Valhallan feast laid out before the five of them, the aroma of them fills her nose and she sighs, pleasured. Rounding out Zelda's efforts is a thick, mushy meatloaf, ashy brown for its ground-beef template. Worcestershire sauce and ketchup are warped together into a layer of viscous red atop the meat. A mouthful equal to either one of Zelda's girthy dishes is the title of Dmitri's. Elisa had had to press her hand to her mouth and start up a conversation with the creature (who was entirely perplexed by the nuances behind saying grace) to hide her unending grin as Dmitri attempted to teach Zelda the name. \"Once more, Mrs. Fuller,\" he pleaded. \"I can feel it, right on the tip of your tongue. You've just about got it!\" \"And I thought I'd jump for joy when a man would talk my head off. Fine.\" \" Baklaz .\" \" Baklaz ,\" Zelda repeats. \" Hano .\" \" Hano .\" \" Vaya . . . \" Dmitri smiles, his eyes only telling the older woman to go forward. \" Vaya .\" \" Baklazhanovaya .\" \" Baklazhanovaya ,\" she says, eyeing the Russian dubiously, sure that his analytical mind will sink into the cracks and find an error in her mimicry she wouldn't have discovered in a lifetime. \" Da , that was perfect.\" Triumph shines in Zelda's eyes as Elisa catches her glance. Elisa hears her, unable to read until she was sixteen, repeating the word over and over; \" Baklazhanovaya, Baklazhanovaya, Baklazhanovaya,\" in time with the word's engraving onto a napkin with a pen. Said Baklazhanovaya didn't look very appealing to Elisa. Once, she and Zelda had been called into a laboratory at OCCAM that they rarely visited to dispose of vomit, loosed from a weak-stomach scientist upon his viewing of some experiment they had kept there. To this day she still didn't know what the man had seen, but his picture in the newspaper obituary had confirmed that it had been horrific. This Russian dish was the spitting image of the half-digested food and viscera they'd been called in to clean up. Chops of green, spinach or lettuce, and the shiny surface of eggplant and onion poked through the dominant, rust-colored mush. A few brave, graceful leaves of decorative herb had been placed atop the dish, and though they gave her little incentive to eat the caviar, Elisa would never forget their sacrifice. And finally, from her own pocket and sweat, ten plastic plates of eggs. Only three of them could fit on the table, so the other seven had been relegated to the fridge. This was not the same assortment of eggs she had every morning before work. The entire family from every hidden, frozen or fiery corner of planet earth had come to visit. There were deviled eggs and scrambled eggs; boiled eggs and poached eggs, fried, over easy, over medium, sparkling with light-catching salt like snow. They had taken her the last day and a half to make, mostly from trying to piece together the fractured recipes out of a cookbook Giles' mother had given him on a long-lost birthday of his. Judging by the 1925 copyright on the inside cover, Elisa supposes that long-lost is an accurate term indeed. Against all odds, here they were, salted and spiced and sprinkled and topped with cheese in some cases, in defiance of all obstacles. Earlier that afternoon, Elisa had been unable to hide every egg she was watching over before the wet plods of the creature exiting the bathroom found her, and his (unhingeable) jaw dropped. She'd thought she'd been looking into a belching forge straight from one of Tolkien's novels as the creature's eyes swirled and sparkled. His hands had risen to chest level in an attempt to sign his euphoria, but he'd lost his voice. The odd twitches of his webbed fingers were unintelligible to her. Elisa turns and sees the eggs glitter under the light, just like the million-shield phalanx of the creature's scales. When she faces him again, blue phosphorescence is pulsing behind his skin in time with her heartbeat. Cords of it arc through his veins like strands of sunfire. Elisa had felt her cheeks heat and a blooming, tentacled warmth in her chest. Now, they aren't all for you- E-L-I-S-A kind. Make happy. Happy you make happy. Which word? Appreciate? His eyes, for all their brightness, seem to glow. Appreciate! Appreciate! And here they were back in the present, food bulging from the table, overflowing it, and those same eyes drill twin holes into the bowl of eggs in front of him. They take a spilt second to land on Elisa and see that she's watching him. Time? The amphibian man asks. Time, she signs back. He's got three eggshells crunching between his teeth before her hands even hit the table. \"I'd just like to get out of the way,\" Dmitri begins. \" my gratitude for helping me that night.\" His greyish eyes lock on some unknown object behind Elisa, maybe the doorknob, as if he can't get his emotions out and look his allies in the eye at the same time. \"I've had self-loathing and guilt eat at me for many years. So many times I refused to listen to my heart and stood by while bourgeoisie and comrade alike did things that I still wake up at night sweating over. But thanks to you all-\" he takes a long, gurgly sip of his vodka, and his eyelids flutter. \"That's . . . praklyatye , that is smooth.\" When he starts again, his eyes are focused like needles or scalpels, piercing into the others and making sure they knew he was there. \"Thanks to you all, I shook off my . . . my inaction and I listened to my conscience for the first time in years. I will never forget it. Edmund Burke once said-\" \"'The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing'.\" Giles finishes, helping himself to a slice of quiche and washing it down with the silver ichor in his cup. \"1770, right? God knows what a difference that thinking would have made these last sixty years.\" \"Don't even get me started,\" Zelda says. She rolls her eyes and motions for Elisa to hand her an egg. There's an uncomfortable silence that hangs for more than a few seconds as she chews it. Elisa hadn't known Zelda nearly as long as Giles, but she's a black woman in America in the present day. There is no way she hadn't felt the sting of evil and stood in the ranks of marching good men, doing something about it. Her days of activism were long over, but they hadn't been over for so long that Elisa hadn't noticed odd bruises at work and been perplexed because, as ape-like as he was, Brewster never hit her. Zelda swallows. \"You think 'bout those Nazis, back during the war. If those cats'd picked up guns and started shootin' at Hitler before he came to power? Whole different story. Whole different war!\" She catches Dmitri's eyes, and her hardened face melts down when she sees the reminiscent look in them. \"My bad, Doctor. I didn't consider-\" \"No no,\" he waves his hand. \"Do not fret over me. I was in reconstruction during the war. I rarely saw my comrades die, and my sister and her baby boy never suffered the lash of the SS. That is more than I can say for millions of my countrymen.\" Sister? Elisa sets down her fork to sign, for once thankful she doesn't need her mouth to speak. It is so stuffed with savory meat, no words could escape. Any ghosts left over from the Great Patriotic War are snuffed out immediately at the mention of his sister, and all Elisa sees there is gold. He grins to himself. \" Nadia, \" he sighs. \"My older sister. She must be in her fifties by now. Could never get enough of automechanics. Not as delicate as biology, but she was never as delicate as me. Much more attuned to work in the Komsomol than me.\" \"And what was that? Girl Scouts?\" Zelda and Elisa smile to each other between mouthfuls of food. \"Of a fashion, Mrs. Fuller,\" Dmitri chuckles. \"It is a political youth organization. The \"helper and the reserve of the Communist Party, they called it. I recall many things; they told us how to live and dress and not to smoke or drink or have intercourse, and the minute we were home and out of our uniforms we would go drink and smoke and have intercourse anyway.\" \"And that was something, what, she fell into? The rigorous lifestyle?\" Giles asks. \"Oh, yes,\" Dmitri replies. \"Of the two of us I was always the one strangled in vices. When I say we would drink and smoke and have intercourse anyway, that was mostly me.\" He smirks. \" Nyet , Nadia is the one who you could confide secrets in and trust to fix your car. Always with her hands covered in oil.\" Zelda sipped at her glass of ice water and motioned to herself with her free hand. \"Got a picture of her?\" The question seems to have surprised the Russian, and his eyes widen as if giving a face to his dear sibling should've been his first order of business. \"Oh, yes, of course. Are you the only one who wants to see?\" The hands of Giles, Elisa, and the creature all rise into the air a few centimeters. Dmitri's forkful of Baklazhanovaya clinks against his concisely-portioned plate as he fishes a thick, amber leather wallet from his pant pocket. From it, he draws a 2.5 by 2.5 inch square of printed picture. Elisa can't quite see it as her older friends view the image of the woman, not until it passes into her hands. She wipes both hands thoroughly clean of grease or grime and then takes a good, inquisitive look at Nadia Papov. The photo looks old; the edges are torn a little and the grit as well as the lack of color, makes it look like it was taken sometime around the end of World War Two. The woman in question had dark eyes and lips, and a wide and generous grin. Ringlet upon ringlet of frizzy hair cascaded down her shoulders and face, almost in sheets. Nadia's jawline was broad and powerful, yet still attractive in a feminine sort of way. Her cheekbones were high, marbled, and the creases around her mouth remind Elisa of her own face. As soon as Elisa's brain processes the woman's face in its entirety, she blushes and she bites her lip in a smirk. What a dame . Those eyes and that wild hair - A trail of cold water, left by a single emerald digit, runs down the middle of her forearm and jerks her back to her apartment. Three pairs of human eyes look her up and down, and confusedly-arching eyebrows abound from all sides of the table. Elisa blushes more deeply and slowly passes on the picture to the amphibian man. She is beautiful, sing the signs. Very beautiful. \"Oh,\" Dmitri sighs. \"I did not catch on to your being bisexual. You do mean beautiful in a romantic sense, yes?\" Yes. Elisa smiles at him. \"With the kind of company you keep,\" Giles laughs through a mouthful of quiche. \"That is the biggest goddamn shock I've ever received in my life, honey. Really .\" She blushes and giggles silently into her hand at him. The creature nudges Elisa after he returns the photo to Dmitri. Scraps of eggshell still cling to his lips, and he gestures for her to lean in closer as the other three diners chat amongst themselves. What is it? Think N-A-D-I-A is beautiful too. They eat in silence for a while after that, four co-conspirators undermining a hierarchy born centuries before them, and one gleaming idol they refuse to let this brash new world forget. ","Summary":" Bam! Bam! Bam! Fins ripple outward, gills tighten and eyes harden next to her. He's about to roar. "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Heart and Soul","Author":"Gnoblars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12987441","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I have chosen to write this fanfiction as a homage/sequel to the absolute greatest film I was ever blessed with witnessing with my own two eyes (after many months of waiting , I saw it on January 14'th - I've never left a theater so dizzied with euphoria before). Yes, there are spoilers for the film in it. You have been warned, if just this once. May you enjoy it. With the last traces of the storm having departed this tropical coastline many hours prior, morning, still and fresh, had come at last. While the new sky was filled with clouds of grey that gave the young day a most dull mien, golden sunlight poked through in random patches to grant a more fantastic illumination of the world before it. Traces of blue steadily showed itself from the heavens, but it would be some time before it would overcome the dreary clouds. The ocean which flowed freely and vastly below reflected the sky upon its choppy, foamy surf. The sea's waves crashed and lapped against the shoreline ahead of it in almost rhythmic pattern. Calmness rang clear in the salt-scented winds that blew steadily by. Within the waves and amongst the sandy terrain that lay beneath it, a lone crab moved. With an exoskeletal body of brownish-green and small claws built for catching prey and defending itself, the small creature darted around the shallows in a sideways gait. This way and that it moved, ever wary of what may saunter by. Of what it may saunter by. For a while, the crab scuttled on over the rock and sand quickly, braving the salty murk held before it in search of food before mid-morning could become noon. The sun began to protrude more from the rapidly parting clouds, allowing more golden beams to highlight what went on within the shallows. Fearing that the light would expose it to potential predators, the crab moved faster before the time came for it to retire. It was only able to move a few inches further when it was halted mid-stride, as two black, pillar-like objects suddenly seemed to materialize in front of it. The size of them and the motions they made told the crab that what had come before it was not only a living thing, but also that this wasn't the entirety of the entity they belonged to. Examining the things standing in front of it, the crab's black, bulbous eyes wriggled around on their thin stalks. Its simple mind instinctively sensed danger quickly enough, but no sooner did it try to scurry away when a hand broke through the water above and caught it. Its thin fingers grabbing a good hold over either side of its chitinous upper body, so that its claws wouldn't get a chance at repelling them. From there it was immediately lifted upward and taken out of the drink, quickly brought face to face with its captor. Without the water to obscure the figure any longer, the crab knew what had snatched it. Its captor was a young woman of fifteen, bearing rosy cheeks and softly-hued acorn eyes that looked at the captured crustacean with nothing short of wonder. There was a scarf of light, bright crimson fabric wrapped around her neck, while long, curling locks of rich brown hair fell from her head. She wore an azure-blue, long-sleeved shirt and baggy brown jeans that folded into her darkly-textured boots—the 'pillars' the crab had encountered—that covered her feet and shielded them from the shallow water up to her knees. In one motion, the crab was plopped like a stone into the water-filled metal bucket the girl held in her other hand. The girl looked at the crab once more where it now rested and then began marching out of the water and onto land, one step at a time. After getting onto dry, sandy terra, without a word she broke into a sprint that was just careful enough not to throw water from the bucket, kicking dunes and leaving bootprints in her wake. Running and skipping along the beach, upon rounding a particularly rocky corner, a figure came into her sight. She sped right to him, smiling all the way. The figure, a young man nine years her senior, saw her clearly with tired ocean-green eyes and smiled back. He was a tall, skinny character, dressed in a white t-shirt and simple, tan pants. His skin was pale and his hair, short and black, appeared messy and ungroomed. His overall demeanor being worn and scruffy, this man whom the girl ran toward was her older brother, Blake. As she approached him in her steady and fast stride, the high-pitched, squawking cries of seagulls of all kinds seemed to become even more abundant. The white and speckled birds were flying and gliding around in droves in the sky above, their keen eyes searching the coastline for the occasional small critter that attempted to find shelter from their prying gazes. Being opportunistic birds with some of the more dull but cunning minds of their kind, they generally avoided any attempts to land near the two, though they did hover close by, knowing enough that their like weren't of the variety that would actively seek to cause them harm. Blake and this sister of his, Brianna, had been traveling along this section of the coast for the past fifteen minutes. Where they ventured to was a particularly polluted patch of the beach that most people came only to dump their junk and unwanted refuse at. It was the spot where they were forced to abandon their kite when Hurricane Floyd hit harbor, having caught itself on a tree as the winds were just picking up. Given the situation and the length of time since they last had possession of it, Blake had plenty of doubt that the kite was done for and gone forever, but Brianna, always one to show off her optimistic outlook on anything dire or otherwise, was not one to lose hope so easily. She had scampered off ahead of him a few minutes prior, and now she was running up to him in an excited fashion, meaning that she must have found something of interest. Keeping her stride until they were just a few feet apart, she stopped and started to inhale deep breaths, having tired herself out a fair bit from the run. Blake smiled simply and spoke to her. \"Find the kite?\" he inquired, his voice light and quiet. \"Did it blow over here like you thought it might've?\" Still catching her breath, she shook her head. \"Find a strange little rock or some sea glass, then? Perhaps a sand dollar?\" Brianna, frowning, shook her head again, faster than before. Humming in minor vexation, Blake placed his hands on his hips, a brow cocked. \"Well then, did you find anything at all?\" Brianna's acorn eyes looked away for just a moment, and then she nodded, her smile returning. Looking and placing a hand into her water-filled bucket, she pulled out something. Bending over and placing what she had on the sandy ground below, nothing was hidden to Blake as to what manner of living being it was. Putting the bucket aside for the moment, Brianna began to move her hands and fingers as Blake looked back to her. Her final motion was when she pressed her thumbs to the tips of their respective fingers, opening and closed them twice, like they were claws possessed by the arthropod she was trying to sign to him. It's a cute little crab. Nodding, Blake looked down and observed the crab for a few seconds longer. It looked right back at him. Again staring back up to her with one brow slanted, the other still raised, Blake replied with a humorous, \"You don't say?\" and smirked. He again glanced to the small thing, unable to disagree with her on the matter. \"Well, it does look rather cute.\" A few seconds passed and nothing more was said. Shifting his heel around in the sand awkwardly, he couldn't think of anything else to say to extend their little conversation. The cool feeling of the sea breeze passing through his disheveled black hair, Blake stuck his hands into his pockets and puffed out his cheeks. He chanced yet another look down at the crab, finding it having not moved an inch from its place. Motionless where it stood in their shadows, the crustacean was still looking to them both. Still regarding them with its twitching eyestalks. Its feathery mouthparts occasionally flapped and waved. Only after Blake harmlessly prodded it with the tip of his boot and spoke \"Shoo!\" did it finally begin to scurry away, over the sand and rock between it and the oceanside. With any luck in its sideways stride, it would make it there before one of the many gulls above could discover and make a sure meal of it. Blake watched the crab flee, unmolested, for a few seconds, losing interest swiftly, but holding his stare. He finally stopped when he heard the sound of boots scraping over sand, attracting his attention back to Brianna. She had grabbed the bucket and began skipping ahead again. She was still so very full of that typical, youthful energy, and while it at times it was a handful to deal with, there was little that could be done to temper that spirit of hers. Blake sighed to himself and continued onward behind his dear sister, breaking into a jog now in his effort to keep up with her. As their terse little conversation had shown, Brianna couldn't vocally speak. The car accident that claimed their parents' lives many years ago, when she was only of the age of two and he was but eleven, left her with ruined vocal cords and a terrible crescent scar etched over her throat. The injury itself having robbed her of ability to talk, her options of expression were quite limited. But in showing off how she was ever adept at overcoming any obstacle in her path, she learned to cope with the loss growing up and took on sign language from a special course of classes. Wanting to converse with her more than anything, Blake learned it with her, becoming just as fluent in the silent tongue. They lived in Florida with their aunt and uncle on the southernmost coast, near the town of Rocoso. Blake was a grown man now, and while a capable one, he preferred to keep residence with his family. If there was any true reason he stayed with them that he cared to admit, it was because he still valued his time with his young sister. She was, after all, one of the few things left in this world that kept him anchored to reality as it was. Another dozen minutes of travel and the pair arrived at their destination. An unmistakable place, more like a blemish upon the coast, it was littered with junk of all kinds. Bits of tin cans, coiling wires and plastic, and the metal skeletons of many a household product laid strewn about all over the place. Far back, just beyond the beach, was the tree where they had lost their kite. Alas, upon a brief investigation, no string-bound toy matching their description was seen resting trapped upon its brittle, leaf-less branches. Blake set his hands on his hips. His eyes looked solemnly to his sister, only to find her own gaze drifting elsewhere. She was not peering up at the tree, but to the bay. Seeing something he as of yet did not, she was soon from Blake's side to a spot by the waterside, where a cluster of seaweed that had been washed in from the tide lay sprawled out over the rocky terrain, amidst many a seawater-filled pool. And there, protruding faintly from the cluster of washed up plant life with so slick and glossy a texture to it, was the kite. It was shredded terribly, resembling a more crooked rhomboid shape than what it originally was, but the damage was nothing irreparable. Brianna had looked to Blake when he got to her, closed her eyes and gave her brother only the smuggest of grins. Blake shrugged frankly, refusing to let his posture be the one to admit defeat. \"So, it survived the storm. Barely. I guess I owe you five bucks, Bree.\" Brianna only kept smiling. She would keep him to that wager, he knew. Spinning right around, she opened her eyes and marched up to their kite in a proud strut. Huffing, Blake watched her go at the remnants of the cloth, wood and paper toy with all the tenacity and likeness of King Arthur proudly pulling Excalibur from the stone. But then, strangely enough, as she started to yank it from its resting spot in a manner little less than regal of the knights of old, she suddenly halted. Blake took notice of her hesitation, his head tilted and brows furrowed. \"Bree, something the matter?\" he queried when she failed to move for a good ten seconds. He had his answer soon enough, not from his sister but from what it was that had caught her ear. It was a sigh, long and vivid. Closer than the squawking seagulls of the sky and utterly their calls. Quickly did Blake discern that it was coming from right next to where Brianna stood now. It sounded from within the cluster of dried and dead plant life. A wheezing sigh, croaked and gurgled. Blake didn't know what to make of it. Growing only a little closer, he tried to think of what was making the noise based on its queer complexion alone before doing anything else. Far more eager to find this out, Brianna acted first. She grabbed some of the weeds that seemed to be gathered between them and the spot where sounds originated from, all gathered and dangling down from a large rocky mass looming over her, and pulled on them. Piece by piece, she tore the curtain of moistened stalks of kelp from their resting spot. When most of it had been yanked down to the sand or was flopped away to the side, it revealed a hidden tidal pool. Peering within, Blake and Brianna discovered the source. There, laying back-down in the large, but shallow pool of water spattered in shadow cast by rock and seaweed in equal measure, was a shape. A humanoid shape, belonging to a living being. For a brief few moments, Blake thought for sure it was a human. He thought for certain it was some man or woman covered in a skintight diving suit of some strange making he did not recognize, resting there for God-knows-why. But taking the time to let his eyes adjust to the dark corner of the otherwise sun-soaked coastline and have a closer examination, he was proven very, very wrong. His jaw lowered, and he turned pale when the realization dawned on him. What had been concealed under the seaweed was a living creature alright. But human, it was most assuredly not. It bore a dark, yet pallid greenish texture to its body, highlighted by scant traces of blue. Possessing a hairless head with a thin face, it started with a pointed chin, which led to a lipped mouth, and then to a pronounced nose the formed in between two big, fish-like eyes. The most striking feature, after the face, were its external, filamentous gills. Partially hidden beneath the murky pool, the clearest thing about them was that they extended from its flesh, starting from the base of its collarbone to either side of its head; up to the place where its ears would naturally be, had it been human. Had it been human... And right there, impaled in its abdomen and projecting outward from it plain as day, was a harpoon. The long metal spear was deeply reddened from its thin fore, all the way down to the wound it stuck out from—dried blood. A single barb protruded from behind its tip, meant to prevent anything it pierced from escaping so easily, like the tip of a fishing hook. As for its opposite end... it only seemed to get thicker the further down it went. Whatever its base resembled from behind the entry wound on the creature's backside and within the murky pool, it was indubitably thick. Too thick to pull the harpoon through all the way forward without severely widening the injury, most likely to a truly fatal degree. Blake's attention, stricken with awe and worry, was sent away from the weapon and back onto the human-like beast it had impaled and pinned down. Judging from the low sounds that it was emitting, the creature, whatever it was, was in pain. It was in truly immense pain, and with the harpoon weighing it down as it did, it could not move from the pool. Not an inch. The skin on the pallid, belly-up section of its body not submerged in the limited brine was evidently dry and cracking, giving it that much more of an agonized visage. Blake, motionless with surprise and unable to take his eyes off of the queer figure before him, stared at this anomaly for longer than he knew. Before he could finally blink, he witnessed a stream of water fly past him and at the creature, splashing all over the parched portion of its scaled body above the pool. It stirred for a brief moment at this interruption to its helpless misery, its legs and arms flexing out weakly before returning to inactivity. Reeling back the moment this had occurred, Blake turned and saw his sister holding their bucket in her hands, now lowered to her side and visibly emptied of its liquid contents. She looked to him with one brow raised and a spark of anticipation glistening in her acorn eyes. Just from those young, familiar eyes alone he knew what she was suggesting. With that expression, and with the action she just performed, even he could see that she wanted to help it. \"Are you crazy? \" he nearly shouted, his exasperated tone dry and scratchy. \"We don't even know what that thing is!\" Brianna dropped her bucket with a hollow clatter. Hastily, she made signs and motions with her hands, storming up to her elder sibling before pointing to the whinging being before them. It's a person! \"No, it's not a person, Bree! It's some... thing! \" he shot back with his voice and hands, just in case she somehow didn't understand what he was audibly speaking. Her features curling into an angered grimace, Brianna was moving to turn around and rush up to the creature, regardless of her brother's words. Regardless as well of her naively obdurate behavior, he stopped her, pulling at her shoulder and bringing her visibly fuming face back onto his. \"Brianna, look,\" he tried to reason, his voice light and creaking. \"I don't know what the hell it is, but it's a...\" He paused his reiteration, thought of what to call it, then finished, \"...A wild animal. Do you get that? Look at it-\" Blake was interrupted, as a sudden, piercing scream erupted from the location of the creature. Instantly, the pair glanced back at it, their conversation halted by it. The cry was high and loud; not human, but blatantly agonized. As the two could only watch, the amphibious person lifted its hairless head just enough from the pool it was soaking in to stare at the spear that had penetrated its waist with its glassy, fishlike eyes. Bringing both of its trembling webbed hands up to the object that pained it so, it tugged at the thick, heavy metal rod and gurgled for a few moments before eventually giving up and dropping its head back to the puddle it lay in. It uttered a weak moan before again going quiet and still. Blake felt something more than an unnerving sting in his brain when he heard that bloodcurdling cry, but he could not put his finger on what it was. If anything, that was the last thing he could manage at this perilous, fragile moment. When he finally had the will to bring his blank view back to his sister, he could see, with immense dread, that Brianna's expression was as stoic as ever. We can't leave it here , she signed, calmer and more controlled. Her glare was as hard on her brother as her determination to aid the monster in front of them. It needs water. It needs help. We can do that. Blake was silent. He tried to say something, to form a sentence to argue in any way with her statement, but all he could come up with after several seconds of thinking was an uneasy glower. Coming to the conclusion that her brother wasn't going to stop her so easily this time, Brianna left him and marched toward the side of the creature, this time unimpeded. Blake was still unable to pull her back again before she entered the pool, caution in her movement, and wrapped her fingers over the wrist of the creature's finned arm. Getting a safe grip, she began tugging it back, intent on aiding it in sitting up. At first apparently ignorant to this aid, the creature seemed to soon, if slowly and limply try to rise with her movements. The harpoon, still lodged terribly within its host, was at least now turned diagonal. Now came the tricky part. If she could just position the creature correctly, Brianna knew she could wrench this tool out of it. Set it free, back into the ocean it surely came from before it fell so haplessly into this mess. Her fantasizing on such a moment as the sound of her brother's footsteps approached. She gritted her teeth at it. The audible grinding of her compressed jaws stopped only when she saw him walk past her and venture to the other side of the aquatic being. Seeing what he was doing, her lips curled into an overjoyed smile. \"Let me help...\" he groaned poisonously to her beaming face, his boots splashing through the water as he as well stepped into the pool housing the aquatic, semi-human being. Heavy reluctance hampered his movement, but not enough to keep him from performing this deed, if for his sister's sake alone. Brianna smiled still truest glee enveloping her at this turn of events, then returned to tending to her part in the creature's liberation as Blake now tended to his. He knelt down, placing his trembling hands on either of the creature's dark shoulders. One touch told him all he needed to know about it—that it felt wet, slimy and cool—just like a fish. Just like the kinds he would often catch from the dock and boathouse near their home, when he pulled them from the hooks that they swallowed. Fish or not, the sensation was ever an odd one. He shuddered, fear and disgust filling him. Biting his lip, he ignored the jolt of ice running down his spine and began to pull and heave the amphibious creature upward as his sister did the same. The entity visibly felt the assistance being granted to it right away, and, groaning with them, attempted to sit itself up. Schhhlll... The sound of the harpoon's pole sliding against and through the flesh of the creature it had penetrated was a most grating, sickening sound to listen to, next to the whining of the being itself who endured it, of course. Its pitch low and long, the wailing sounds it made were as somber as they were agonized. Blake tried his hardest to ignore it, instead focusing on his work and thinking furiously of what was to come of it. Thinking, and, more importantly, hoping that it would end on a note he wouldn't come to regret. Carefully attempting to help the audibly hurting creature around the wicked barb that came between it and total freedom, Blake and Brianna maneuvered themselves at specific points accordingly. It was all an arduous endeavor, but past the gasps and cries and whimpers, signs of looming success was beginning to show its head. Just a little bit further and the grueling task would be over with. One more heave and pull, and then- Schhhhlink! With that final push, the creature was wrenched free from the harpoon and its barbed tip. Finally detached from the crippling metal rod that had pinned it to the ground, the creature, now standing, now stumbling forth on its two legs, if only for the briefest moment, weakly fell forward with a light, gurgling sigh of clear pain and relief. Releasing their grip on the being the moment it toppled into the shallow pool of seawater and moistened sand before it, Blake and Brianna stepped back, half staggering, their work done. The harpoon itself, with nobody to hold it, dropped with a splash and a clang of water and stone. Its movements great and sluggish, the humanoid being crawled away from the shadow of the rock, into the sunlight where the dampened sand was warmest. In a matter of seconds it pulled itself up, if just to its knees. For a long while it remained just like that, hunched over with a great, webbed hand clasped to the front side of its terrible wound. Blood, red and dark, dripped from the lower back portion of the injury that Blake and Brianna still had full view of, snaking down from its naked form and staining the water and sand below it. The wound looked grievous and deadly, but this proved itself to not be the case for long. In what seemed like the span of but a few moments to the two onlookers, the bleeding appeared to stop. Slowly, slowly the gaping red hole started to... shrink in size. Regenerating with a startling rapidity, it was almost closed up as the third minute of the fish-person's recovery rolled around, feeling more like an hour to all present. Blake could only remain gawking as he was at the hunched-over creature alongside his delighted sister as it recuperated fully from its debilitating injury. Awe and wonder replaced his previous fear completely. Wiping his slime-covered hands on his dampened jeans, he inhaled a deep, if rightfully shaken breath and took a single step forth to get a closer look. Curiosity had come over him now, and it demanded to be sated. It was as he took his second step, crunching over the sand, that something happened. The creature heard it, and reacted immediately. With a single grunt, it left the ground in a smooth motion of its legs, standing up. As it rose, Blake paused in his advance. Its back straightening fully, the creature slowly turned and faced its saviors with its large, inhuman eyes. It was hard to tell the overall size of the creature when it was laying impaled upon the ground, but now, standing upon its two legs and reared to its full height, nothing about it was hidden. Barely a head taller than Blake, the creature was nothing short of intimidating. Another valuable set of details for consideration was that this being's body was on full, upright display for them to see. Given this opportunity, Blake and Brianna made out its more distinguishing features quickly, and clearly. For what it was and the fear it provoked, it gave off a queer and alien air of beauty around it that was offset by the sheer bizzarity of its appearance and the startling impact it left. The underside of the amphibious person was of a texture much lighter than the rest of its body. It bore a thin, but firm waist lined to the base of its chest with rows plate-like abdominal scales, most eerily resembling particularly muscular woman's in shape and girth. The chest was somewhat robust as well, but was otherwise flat, lacking mammaries as any natural human woman would have. Branching from its shoulders, the fore of its sinewy arms bore wavy fins extending along their interior and the elbows, the latter of which had protruding spikes like the one running down its back. Each limb terminated in a wide hand that possessed four fingers and one thumb each, the digits ending in sharp black claws, all connected by strands of webbed flesh evidently made for traversing water. Keeping with its feminine outline, it boasted wide hips and long, rigidly muscular legs, again lined with fins that wouldn't be unfound on a fish. At their base were feet with claw-tipped toes, digging deep in the sand and water it stood over. As was originally discerned by Blake and Brianna when it was laying down, it had a human, yet inhuman face with which it observed them back. Its glassy eyes studied both of its rescuers with arresting intelligence, blinking occasionally and looking from one person to the other with jerking motions of its head. The gills that lined either side of its neck to its head fluttered occasionally, water dripping from them. Everything was silent. The wind may have been whistling, waves may have been crashing into the shoreline, and seagulls might have been performing their shrill calls to one another, but through all of that, everything was silent. Noiseless as death, save for the sound of a heartbeat that thumped relentlessly within Blake's chest. He gulped down a wad of saliva down his dry throat, frozen where he stood as the first pangs of dread began rising in his mind. What happened next did nothing but shatter the fragile peace. With little warning, the amphibious person's expression shifted from curious to irritated, its brows furrowing in an instant. The creature's back and dorsal fin arching, it roared. Its sonorous cry was a long, earsplitting scream. With it, its gills flared in a fearsome display. Grabbing a hold of the equally-startled Brianna and pulling her behind him in one motion, Blake came between her and the monster. Clamping his teeth together and partially wincing, he braced himself, expecting the creature to attack like the inhuman fiend it resembled. To swipe and slash its wicked claws; to mercilessly rend him limb from limb as penance for his foolishness in aiding it. The fish-person's bellow finally fell silent and such a suspicion was soon proven wrong. In the span of a meager three seconds, it had turned about and sprinted off; off to the shoreline quick as a bolt, stepping and crunching harmlessly over the sand, kelp, and random scrap littering its way. Approaching the end of the beach, with a single, great leap it dove into the briny surf, forming a fantastic splash with its impact. Submerging quickly below the green-hued waves, the creature vanished from sight and swam away, leaving but a few trailing bubbles upon the water's rippling surface to herald its passing. Several short seconds flew by, and those bubbles eventually popped into nothing. The only sound that now resonated on the beach was that of the waves lapping against the shore, and the numerous screeches of the gulls above. Blake and Brianna stood still as stone in the embrace of the other, a pair of statues hewn into being by terror and shock. Only after a full minute transpired did they finally, slowly let their hug end and simply stood side by side. Both swallowed long, stale gulps of the salty air, trading stares. They couldn't think to do anything else but stand like this and cast fleeting glimpses to the ocean where the creature vanished, both still in utter disbelief as to what they had just witnessed. As to what they had just freed and fled from them in so abrupt and frightening a fashion. Recuperating rather swiftly for such a fascinating experience, they walked back home with reclaimed kite in hand, discussing their encounter with this queer being the whole way there. ","Summary":" I have chosen to write this fanfiction as a homage/sequel to the absolute greatest film I was ever "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Watery 4th July","Author":"Serpico1986","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12990699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Since today is 4th July, i decided to write something about it, so here it goes. The story bellow takes place maybe a day or two before the rescue scene, but instead of Elisa, this story foccus on Zelda and the creature. Iwatched a movie yesterday with thisactress (octavia Spencer) and decided to write something with her. Hope you like it. And have fun today. Visionary Writer, sorry if the characters isn´t 'moviely' acurated, it´s my way to work. hope you don´t mind. WATERY 4TH JULY Despite of been the Independence Day, the laboratory was continue its activities during the night, so, it was just another night to work for Zelda and the crew, except for Elisa. It happened that Giles had called that morning saying Elisa was sick, she wasn´t going to appear from work, leaving Zelda with no one to talk to, while cleaning. Not that Elisa talked back of course, but Zelda liked to vent out her frustrations and Elisa doesn´t mind listen. At her lunch time then, Giles called again on Elisa´s behalf, asking Zelda if she could go to the tank and give the Creature a happy 4th July congratulation, making the poor woman tremble from head to toe, but agreed ''tell her, I'm just doing this for her!'' Zelda shocked her head in disapproval. ''Lord help me'' _/_ As usual the creature´s lair was quiet, except for the sound of recurring water, there´s no one working there either, when Zelda step in with her lunch box. Upon hearing someone approaching, the creature emerged on the surface, looking directly to Zelda. ''there you are huh?'' Zelda placed her hands on her hips ''Elisa isn´t here, she´s sick. You know what 'sick' means? Mean´s she can´t come to work and she will be pay less for this, because it's how the world works.'' Zelda said and in response, the creature just get up from the tank. ''oh Lord, what did Elisa saw in you? You´re the strangest creature I ever seen'' said Zelda said ' 'GRRRL! '' the creature growled and Zelda raised a finger, angry and surprised ''you can stop right there!'' she said ''you can´t blame me for hurt your feelings, I even doesn´t know you have feelings'' Zelda said. The creature just looked at her, but make no sound ''well, at least you are better than Brewster is, he even remembered it´s 4th July, at least you didn´t made Elisa any harm.'' Upon hearing it´s friends name, the creature looked around, apparently he hadn´t understand what that strange woman was mean with 'Elisa is sick' thing and produced a sorrowful sound, calling her. ''oh dear'' Zelda reproves herself ''what I'm doing here, talking to this creature ''here, she ask me to give you this'' Zelda picked up a boiled egg and place it on the edge of the tank. On response, the creature pick it up and eat with one single bite. ''you know, you are a very good thing you know, at least for Elisa, I never saw her so happy in the past ten years.'' Zelda smiled ''happy 4th July'' she patted the creature´s gilrs, before walk away from the lair and go back to work. Zelda couldn´t wait however, to Elisa been back to work, as she had much to talk about. END. ","Summary":" Since today is 4th July, i decided to write something about it, so here it goes. The story bellow t"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"The Secretary and the Spy","Author":"Kiss of the Breeze","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12939701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One of the many advantages to being a fast typist was that Elizabeth always finished with her work early. Sure, the night would be sprinkled with various additions that kept to no set schedule- such was life in a government lab- but no task ever took too long. Which left her with plenty of down time to work on her own pursuits and still look productive. Strickland himself had walked by her desk on more than one occasion to comment on her dedicated industry and she would nod with a tight-lipped smile while internally laughing maniacally at how easy the ass was to fool (the new head of security was not a popular man.) In another week or two the draft of her second novel would be ready for the next step of the writing process and it was all thanks to the surplus time and paper of her workplace. While the lack of supervision had at first struck her as odd, she wasn't the sort to look a gift horse in the mouth. Or, as the case might be, a gift giant fish- if the rumors were to be believed. She wasn't quite sure what to make of said rumors but she did concede that it had to be something extraordinary for the piles of nondisclosure agreements she was buried under in order to take this job. But, whatever it was, she was grateful to it and the constant air of distraction that it gave to her bosses. Absently chewing the inside of her cheek, her eyes drifted slightly towards the ceiling as her attention wandered. She was almost finished with the current chapter in front of her but the wording was giving her pause. Typically she came in with half her work already outlined with it only needing to be transcribed but she had ventured off script this evening and was more prone to distractions. She would have never known there was someone reading over her shoulder had they not chosen to offer their two cents. \"How about 'iridescent' as a suitable adjective?\" Elizabeth jumped and guiltily hunched forward to try and cover her novel, \"Um, I can explain.\" The man standing behind her chair gave a soft chuckle and shook his head. He adjusted his glasses further up his nose with an easy smile and a wink, \"Don't worry, your secret is safe with me.\" He held up a manila folder, \"I was told to give this to you?\" \"Uh, yes. Thanks.\" She narrowed her eyes as she took the offered file and set it into her inbox. \"Hoffman, right?\" she asked before he could move to walk away. \"Hoffstetler, actually, but you may call me Robert, if you like\" he answered, his smile taking on a more rueful tilt. She smiled back up at him, warming to him quickly. She offered him her hand to shake, \"Elizabeth.\" \"The pleasure is all mine.\" He looked back over her shoulder, \"That actually is very good. So, you are a writer?\" \"Currently unpublished, but technically yes,\" she said while the barest of blushes started to warm her cheeks. \"When you become a best-seller you will have to autograph my copy.\" She laughed and gave him a subtle once-over. She'd seen Dr. Hoffstetler around, of course, but now that he was directly interacting with her she was beginning to get a better idea of who he was. And so far she liked what she was seeing. He had a boyish grin that she felt did not belong in this underground bunker. \"Well, I must be off. It was nice meeting you. I'll leave you to your work ,\" he said with a knowing chuckle. As he stepped around her desk his lab coat snagged the corner of the wire basket that worked as her inbox and sent it clattering to the floor. \" Chert, \" he muttered under his breath as he quickly moved to pick it up. Elizabeth was beside him in a flash, helping to scoop up the contents of the folder he had given her. \"What?\" She asked as they sorted the papers back into some semblance of order. \"I said shit,\" he answered quickly. He grimaced, \"Sorry.\" \"It's alright. No harm done.\" She went to smile reassuringly but he actually looked distressed at the slip. \"Hey, it's fine. This isn't the 40s, you can swear in front of women now!\" His smile returned at her teasing, though it remained strained around the edges, \"Still, sorry.\" \"Don't worry about it,\" she insisted with a playful pat on his arm as they both stood back up. Several others in the office space where looking at them now. He blushed as he nodded to her and made to leave. She waved as she reclaimed her seat, \"I'll see you around sometime!\" At her comment he managed a real smile again and took his leave. As Elizabeth moved aside her creative writing and set to her actual work she thought back over the exchange. He struck her as a polite and soft spoken man, something entirely incongruous with the vast majority of the staff here. She would try and talk with him again. Especially because she could have sworn she didn't hear him say \"shit.\" ooOoo It took some asking around, but she'd managed to finally get an idea of when Dr. Hoffstetler took his lunch breaks. Thankfully, it did seem as though he kept to a fairly regular routine. She debated trying for casual as she waited outside his lab but when the door finally opened she decided not to beat around the bush. \"Hello again, would you like to sit together for lunch?\" The pinched look of stress marking his features melted into confusion when he saw her. Then her question registered and he forced a smile, \"That would be lovely.\" \"Are you sure? You seem tense. I can leave if you'd rather-\" \"No, nothing like that. It's just been a long night,\" he assured her. He dipped his head and with the hand that held his lunch tin, he gestured down the hall, \"Lead the way.\" Emboldened, Elizabeth spun on her heels and navigated down the echoing corridors until she found her favorite spot to take breaks. The hall was unremarkable and looked much the same as all the others. The only door in the short alcove led to a storage closet and there always seemed to be upwards of three or four plywood crates sitting in it that made for an approximation of a table and chairs. It was a comfortable enough space to have a quiet moment to oneself. \"Welcome to the best hallway on base,\" she announced with a flourish. \"The best?\" \"You sound skeptical, Bobby. Yes, it is the best. Low traffic, little to no awful smells, quiet, and plenty of nice boxes. High quality traits for both breaks and lunch!\" He lifted a brow at her informality but found he didn't mind the liberty. Her cheerfulness was infectious and while he generally didn't care much for his assumed name, \"Bobby\" was better than Bob or Robert. He sat down on one of the lower crates and noticed a thermos already sitting on the higher one of them. She took her seat on other side of the taller crate, leaving it between the two of them as a table might be. Onto it she placed her brown paper bag and a sandwich along with two apples joined the thermos. He followed her lead and spread out his own lunch on the middle crate and raised his sandwich to her in a mock solute. She returned the gesture then took a large bite that revealed her main course to be peanut butter. \"Been a rough evening?\" She asked after she'd managed to swallow. \"Something like that,\" he admitted with a tired sigh. He sat his sandwich aside and unwrapped a small aluminum foil bundle. \"Well that stinks. Oh! Pickles are the best!\" The man looked down at what had caught her attention so swiftly. Then he held a wedge aloft, \"Would you like one? I made them myself. Old family recipe.\" Elizabeth looked torn as she glanced between her sandwich and the offered pickle. That would be one hell of an unfortunate flavor combination. But the words \"old family recipe\" were far too tempting to pass up. She took a swig of her drink and sloshed it around, hoping to cleanse her palate well enough. \"Thanks!\" She took an enthusiastic bite and moaned appreciatively. \"Wow. You want an apple? I brought two but I'm not going to eat them both. Make a proper trade off.\" He shook himself out of his stupor and then nodded. He hadn't been expecting that sort of reaction out of her. He gave a dimpled half smile before accepting the offered fruit. \"Why would you bring two apples if you didn't plan on eating both?\" \"To offer one to you, if you'd said yes to lunch,\" she answered without any hesitation. He was taken aback by her candid response and he felt his cheeks warm. She was flirting with him. And doing a fine job of it, given her limited resources. Lunch in a semi-private area, sharing food, asking after his night. His smile spread further. \"Thank you.\" She nodded then shimmied farther back in her seat to lean against the wall, \"You're welcome!\" They ate in silence for a bit, stealing glances between bites, and it was only somewhat awkward rather than oppressively so. She had an easy sort of aura about her that set him at ease. \"You're right, this is a nice hallway.\" She laughed and answered, \"I'm pleased you agree! You're free to join me here whenever you'd like.\" \"I may take you up on that.\" ooOoo In the days that followed it became a tradition between them. Every night he would take his lunch at roughly the same time and find her waiting for him in what he'd taken to thinking of as her hallway. Some nights there were more or fewer boxes than others but the company was always as pleasant. The stilted awkwardness of their first night hadn't lasted. Though he was bound by secrets, he found himself trading stories with Elizabeth in an easy manner that never left them wanting for conversation. They talked about their family, traded gossip about their coworkers, and talked about history and literature. He was both surprised and pleased to learn how much they had in common. The lunch hour never seemed long enough. He never spoke about his work and she knew better than to ask. Yet, as the weeks went on, he seemed to be growing more anxious. Noticeable bags were forming under his eyes and he was more prone to lapsing into thoughtful silence. It worried her and so she set out to try and make him smile at any opportunity. One night this involved homemade cookies. \"These are delicious!\" \"Why thank you,\" she crooned as she helped herself to another one. \"I made them special with you in mind.\" The confession left him momentarily speechless. He paused halfway in the act of reaching for another and instead took her hand, bringing the back of it to his face in a swift brush of lips. She couldn't know what that small act of kindness did for his eroding faith in humanity. \"Thank you,\" he whispered softly. He met her eyes and hoped she could see the earnest affection there. He needed her to know how much he had come to look forward to these breaks. How much their friendship was keeping him going in face of the mounting pressure he felt from both Strickland and his secret associates. She looked at their hands for a moment and then squeezed his fingers lightly. \"I think we should kiss now,\" she said and leaned forward a fraction in invitation. He gave a small chuckle, surprised by her blunt delivery and yet somehow not, before closing the distance between them. With a gentle pressure, his mouth met hers. His lips were slightly chapped from long nights and not enough water but she could hardly pay it any mind when his fingers threaded below the braid that held back her dark blond hair. He pet the loose strands at the nap of her neck and it sent a shiver down her spine. \"Oh,\" she whispered softly, her face still nearly touching his after the kiss ended. \"Oh,\" he answered with a dopey grin as he pulled back and readjusted his glasses further back up his nose. \"May I take you to dinner? Or lunch? A proper date, I mean. Not that your hallway isn't nice but it would be my treat to take you out.\" She laughed, her cheeks feeling like they might split her face apart if she didn't stop grinning. \"That would be lovely.\" ooOoo As fate would have it, they did not have time for a proper date before everything went to hell. Elizabeth had known something was wrong, she could sense it like the precursor to sickness. A heaviness sat in her gut when one evening Dr. Hoffstetler missed their usual lunch break. It wouldn't have bothered her had he not been so obviously upset earlier that evening. She had watched helplessly as he followed after Strickland, fussing and pleading about a project, before leaving in a sullen and frustrated state. She had hoped to ask him about it but she hadn't seen him again that night. She called his home first thing the next morning but hadn't gotten an answer. Her feeling of dread doubled. When she clocked in for work the next night she passed him in the hall on her way to her desk. He seemed distracted and tired but had offered her a small, sad smile when she'd caught his eye. Surrounded by other people and walking in opposite directions, they didn't have time for words but she resolved to try and catch him alone, later. Her plans fell through as later brought a detour into chaos and panic. When the lights went out Elizabeth had shot up straight in her seat. A few of the other women in the room gasped and grumbled but she could hear loud and furious cursing above the office clamor. Her first and only thought was to find Robert. He was over the project. The project that had everyone tense and angry and when she thought she heard Strickland's voice saying something about The Asset she was out of her seat and fumbling towards the door before she could think better of it. The generator lights kicked on but the alarms both around her and from a place of fear deep inside pushed her forward. She dodged officers and maintenance staff alike who all looked just as confused as her. She didn't want to stop and ask questions. She needed to make sure her friend was safe. The lab was empty. Or, more to the point, it was empty of Robert. Several MPs were already there and whatever she may have understood of their fussing was lost on her as all she could focus on was figuring out what had become Dr. Hoffstetler. As she ran down the corridor she heard more voices up ahead. Lacking any other destination in mind, she followed them. Had she been paying more attention to the direction she was going rather than focusing on just getting there, arriving at the loading bay would have come as less of a surprise. Intuition or just dumb luck, she found Robert. She spared a moment to look at the limp body on the ground and then closed the distance between them. \"Are- are you okay?\" She was winded but no worse for wear. He looked ready to fight when he spun around to face her but he caught himself in time as he realized who had found him. Before he could answer gunshots were echoing loudly within the hanger, nearly deafening in their rapid succession. Tires were squealing and the next thing she knew Robert was pulling her away from the sounds of conflict. \"We have to move!\" A new voice said right by her ear and Elizabeth turned to see one of the cleaning staff making a bee-line towards the door she just exited a few seconds prior. Her confusion mounted but she allowed herself to be herded by the other two and back into the base. \"Lord, please let them stay safe,\" the woman muttered as they hurriedly shuffled down the corridor. Zelda, Elizabeth remembered. The compound was large but most everyone knew everyone else after months of close quarters. \"Who? What happened?\" \"A friend of yours?\" Zelda asked breathlessly as they put distance between themselves and the hanger. \"Yes.\" \"What's going on?\" \"I'll explain later.\" \"You two go on, it won't due for us to be spotted together,\" Zelda said, glancing over her shoulder nervously. Before she moved to go down a different hall she reached over to pat Hoffstetler on the shoulder, \"I don't fully know what's going on or what all might happen from here, but you're good people to help like you did. You keep mine and Elisa's name out of all this and we'll do the same for you.\" He gave her a crisp nod and then pulled Elizabeth down another hall. She realized where they were and shook her arm out of his grip in order to grab his hand and change their direction. She might not have had any details but she caught the gist. Something had happened which required secrecy and a cover. She could provide that. Voices were raised up ahead suggesting a crowd and she dragged him towards the source. He slowed his pace briefly but she squeezed his fingers in reassurance and continued on. She slipped them into the cafeteria where at least twenty other staff members were standing around in uncertain confusion. No evacuation had been issued, the MPs were missing in action, and the regular folks were left to wonder what it was they were suppose to do. They blended in seamlessly. \"I expect the full story later,\" she told him pointedly. He nodded rapidly even as he got his breathing back under control. He darted forward and pressed a quick kiss to her cheek in gratitude, \"Of course. Later. Thank you.\" \"Any idea what's going on?\" Elizabeth asked a woman at the closest table. The woman, Michelle, looked over at them and shook her head before answering, \"Not a damn idea, sugar.\" Alibi established, Elizabeth turned back to Robert. He lifted an eyebrow then clued in quickly, \"I suppose I should go and try to find out. I can't imagine whatever's behind this will be an easy mess to clean. I'm sure Strickland must be in quite the fit right now.\" Michelle nodded sympathetically, \"That guy is an ass on a good day, I don't even want to know what he's going to be like after this. You have my sympathy.\" The regular lights cut back on and Dr. Hoffstetler squared his shoulders, putting his mask firmly back in place as he took his leave. Elizabeth watched him go with the inside of her cheek firmly between her teeth and worry churning her stomach. She had done what she could and she would get her answers. Until then, she decided it was time to go back to her desk. There was going to be work to do. ooOoo The fact that her shift had ended right as all of the madness ensued did not spare her from the resulting headache. The facility had been on a full lock-down for a full two hours afterwards as the higher ups and security scrambled to figure out what had happened. Adrenaline alone kept her going as she finally greeted the dawn. Her usual routine of going straight home was put on hold as she dug a scrap of paper from her purse. Using her hard earned skills of multitasking along with the confusion of The Incident, she had searched the employee records and obtained Dr. Hoffstetler's home address. Anyone who might have minded such an act had not been paying her the slightest bit of attention at the time. After parting ways in the cafeteria she hadn't seen Robert again for the rest of her time on base. He could still be in there holed up in meetings and debriefings for all that she knew, but she couldn't wait another full day to talk to him. She had only been asked in passing a few times if she had known what happened and it had been all too easy to play clueless. Given that it wasn't too far from the truth she didn't feel even the slightest bit guilty. That didn't mean she intended to stay in the dark for long. If Robert wasn't home yet she was fully prepared to wait him out. She took the bus uptown and then a short walk put her in front of an inoffensive apartment complex. She looked up to the row of windows that she knew to be his floor but all the blinds were drawn. With a shrug she made her way inside, no one paying her a second glance. She knocked on his door and was pleased to hear movement inside even though she had not expected it. So he had made it out before her. Still, almost half a minute elapsed before the door opened. His eyes widened to see her, the lack of sleep ringing his normally expressive dark irises in red. \"I suppose I shouldn't be surprised to find you on my doorstep.\" She smiled, feeling just as tired as he looked. With a small shrug she said, \"It's later.\" He leaned forward to look behind her and did a quick glance around the rest of the small hallway, \"You weren't followed?\" She hadn't thought to even look. \"I don't think so?\" He frowned at the uncertainty but ushered her inside, anyway. He had promised to explain and she had proven herself a friend these past weeks, going so far as to provide him a cover. If he couldn't trust her then he would curse the whole of the world for liars. \"I've just put some raisin bread in the oven if you haven't had breakfast yet,\" he offered once she was seated at his small table. It did not escape his notice how she pointedly took in his living space. No mementos, next to nothing by way of furniture. He took a fortifying breath as he resolved to admit that truth, too. He was not looking forward to this conversation. \"It smells delicious already,\" Elizabeth answered diplomatically. Her stomach growled treacherously and she tactfully did not voice any concern over his spartan decor. All answers in good time. ooOoo She was in his bed. He had offered it to her and therefore should not have been experiencing an existential crisis over it. But there he was, standing by his window and worrying the collar of his shirt between his fingers as he looked at her sleeping form. The power had gone off that morning at exactly five and the rush of the escape had been a breathless six minutes. It was now going on ten and he could feel it in his bones. After having worked full shifts before that, the both of them had been running on fumes. He couldn't find it in him to send her off to make her own way home across town as tired as she was. So he had offered his bed. He might not have felt the same had his confessions not been well received. Despite his fears they were still friends. The word poked at him and pulled at parts of his brain that he had long thought banished. Friend already had too much weight to it but there was a tantalizing more than hidden in the spaces between words. Attachments were not a luxury he could entertain. Or at least they hadn't been. Things were moving swiftly now and he valiantly worked to swim against the current. \" Then let's leave! You've already had one false name, we'll get you a new one.\" If he left now his involvement would be obvious. If she left with him that would pull her further into this quagmire and he wanted desperately to keep her out of it. The more involved the higher the risks and in this business the stakes were torture and death. But, oh, the temptation was there. When she had first called him by his given name his chest had swelled. It was so good not to be Robert. He hadn't minded \"Bobby\" but to have \"Dmitri\" on her lips set a tingle down his back that he knew to be dangerous. His thoughts scattered as she rolled over with a sigh. Though he tried he could not order them back into any semblance of coherence. He was too tired. It was now that he truly regretted not having any other furniture in the house. He looked down at the barren hardwood floor then back to Elizabeth who took up only half the narrow bed and didn't seem to mind the cheap mattress and threadbare blanket. The life of a pauper fit the life of a spy but it offered piss poor arrangements for company. He bit back a yawn with partial success then looked down at his watch. Fifteen minutes he had wasted already. He'd played back their conversation a dozen times over and still hadn't come to terms with how it had left him feeling. They were still friends, she would keep his secrets, and she was asleep in his bed. His brow wrinkled and he rubbed his temples, cursing himself and the universe at large. To hell with it. He couldn't think clearly anymore without either sleep or coffee and the obvious choice of the two was a single meter away. He made his way around the other side of the bed and cringed at the awful squeal of the metal frame as it adjusted under his added weight. Elizabeth didn't wake up so he carefully scooted down until he was passably comfortable and let out a soft breath of relief when his head hit the pillow. Just before he fell asleep, Elizabeth rolled over and snuggled against his side. She hadn't woken and he shivered as her sigh brushed over his ear. As he lost the battle to consciousness he tried to remember what it was that was supposed to be so bad about attachments. ooOoo The next few days sped by in a blur. Dmitri looked down at the half packed suitcase on his bed and ran a hand over his hair. The unexpected visit earlier that week from his colleges still had him on edge. He knew they suspected something was off. They were not the only ones. Strickland had been dancing around the edges of a confrontation but so far nothing had come of it. He would liken it to a round of chess except he suspected the hot-headed buffoon wouldn't even know the rules of the game. On the other hand, he fancied himself quite the accomplished player. Most of his pieces were still on the board for now. But that didn't mean check couldn't still close in at a moment's notice. Checkmate never even crossed his mind. He folded another shirt and set it down on top of the last one. He didn't have much that needed packing and yet the task was taking forever. A reluctance he didn't want to name slowed his movements and he made an extra fuss to press the wrinkles from every article of clothing before moving to the next. The phone call still echoed in his ears. He was already twenty-four hours deep into the forty-eight hour deadline. Abandoning a cover had never been this hard before. It wasn't a lack of will. He was anxious to go, ready to cut ties and start fresh. But the terms chaffed. He heard her offer again. Elizabeth. He'd been trying to put distance between them in the days following his confessions, both for her safety and selfishly so that this step wouldn't hurt. He had known from the beginning that what had been growing between them couldn't last. She was a friend and a passing dream. He would cherish their conversations and the quiet moments stolen in her company but he knew where the lines needed to be drawn. Obligations bound him, lies chased him, and danger was swiftly closing in on both fronts. \" You know what? I'd almost forgotten, but on the day we first met, I could have sworn you didn't say \"shit\" and I thought it was odd. Aside from your smile and agreeing not to tattle about my novel writing, that's one of the main reasons I wanted to get to know you better. I was curious. I find it hilarious that I was right.\" She was a captivating woman. Her wit never left a dull moment and he was going to miss her more than he wanted to admit. But the creature would be out of danger soon and this chapter of his life was coming to a close. He had an extraction date and his mission had officially been aborted. ooOoo Of course it was still raining. The weather matched his mood. His already sparsely furnished apartment now felt truly empty. There was a finality to the barrenness that left a bitter taste in his mouth. Extraction was in two hours. \"Holy-!\" He clutched his chest and dropped his suitcase. He had not been expecting Elizabeth to be standing on the other side of his door. She was soaking wet and her hand was raised, having been seconds away from knocking when he'd opened it. She looked apologetic until she saw the twin cases on the ground. Her voice was thick with hurt when she asked, \"You're leaving?\" \"I have to,\" he said with a helpless shrug. \"I agree.\" At his look of surprise she nodded her head towards the window and continued, \"I'm certain Strickland knows. He's sitting outside in a car right now. Normally, I wouldn't have noticed anything like that except I've been paranoid since the day you helped bust the Asset out. I've been suspicious of everything and everyone since then but I'm not going to complain as it's paying off now.\" His apartment was being watched. He should have known. \"So come with me instead. You don't actually have to do anything. I'm a wild card! There are less than three people who even know that we know each other. Let me help.\" He frowned and fidgeted with the lapel of his jacket. The clock was ticking and he was having trouble remembering why he had told her no the first time. \"It is too dangerous. I cannot pull you into the crossfire.\" \"I hate to be the one to break it to you, but I'm already involved. You're my friend, I care about you too much to just let you run off into the night with no way of knowing if you've even got a plan or not. If your cover here is over, why not cut all ties and make a run for it while there's still time?\" \"You only know enough to incriminate me but not enough to be at risk yourself. If you helped me, you would be an active agent and others would treat you accordingly.\" \"You and I both know that's bull. Knowledge is enough of a threat. I wouldn't be any more damned if the wrong people were to know I knew anything than if I outright helped. So let me.\" He was on the edge of giving in and she knew it. She took a step closer, \"Please.\" He shook his head, \"You are young and you can't throw your whole life away for just a friend. It could never have worked between us. What we had… it was a distraction. A beautiful distraction but I am twenty years older than you and come with too many-\" His words cut off as Elizabeth closed the distance between them and pressed her lips firmly against his. The initial impact was too rough to be properly called a kiss but as a means of shutting him up it worked just fine. She gentled as soon as she felt him give in and kiss her back. He pulled her close and she wrapped her arms around his neck, asking him to reconsider with every press of her mouth to his. Whatever train of thought Dmitri had held previously was gone the instant she gave a small groan; the wood of his door frame bit into her back as she was pushed against it. He moved back to let her escape the awkward angle then moved to kiss her soundly again the moment she was in the apartment fully. They lost a full minute to a quite, desperate movement of lips and fingers gliding through hair. When they broke apart again for air Elizabeth fixed him with a glare that brooked no argument. \"Come with me. We'll leave out the back of the building.\" There wasn't an argument left and Dmitri picked up his suitcases and motioned for her to lead the way. She grinned triumphantly, leaning forward to kiss him quickly once more for luck before grabbing one of his suitcases and pulling him along behind her. He managed to close the door after them as he focused on keeping up with her determined strides. They were already on the bottom floor when his phone rang. Neither heard the shrill chiming of its bells but in the end it would not matter that he had not answered. *~*Epilogue*~* Tous les Garçons et les Filles drifted over on a borrowed record player as Elizabeth opened the door to the balcony and breathed in the evening air. She sighed in contentment as she watched the fireflies twinkle in the distance. They were currently Margret and Grant Goodman (they learned after the first time that people paid them less attention when they gave the same surname.) The trip down the east coast had passed in record time and then they moved inland. She had family in Georgia and had assured him that they could use her connections there without fear of betrayal. A small bit of forgery and another skip across cities and whatever tail either might have had trickled to nothing. A life on the run wasn't ideal but Elizabeth believed it to be temporary. Even if it proved otherwise, she would still count it worth it. The more time elapsed and distance between them and Baltimore and they would eventually be written off entirely. Françoise Hardy continued to croon on in the background and Elizabeth smiled as she felt arms circle her waist and a warmth press against her back. She spun around in his embrace and smiled as Dmitri leaned forward for a kiss. \"Dance with me?\" She asked playfully. \"This song is too depressing for dancing. Have you ever listened to the lyrics?\" \"I don't speak French. Dance with me anyway, it has a nice rhythm.\" He chuckled but consented as he guided her hands into place and began to lead them in a simple box-step. He twirled her and she laughed. Even though she was as tall as him, he managed the move with grace. \" Comme les garçons et les filles de mon âge/ Connaîtrais-je bientôt ce qu'est l'amour? /Comme les garçons et les filles de mon âge /Je me demande quand viendra le jour…\" \"Do you ever regret listening to me?\" She asked when the needle reached the end of the disk and the music faded. \"No. I don't know what may have awaited me but I would not trade this, not now.\" \"Good.\" His smile was teasing, \"Do you have regrets?\" \"Not many,\" she answered easily as she twirled once more. They had continued slow dancing even after the song ended. \"Not many, as in some?\" She smiled at his look of concern as he brought them to a halt. \"I did pack in a hurry. I left my favorite blouse behind, you know.\" His shoulders sagged in relief and she leaned in to press a kiss on his nose before adding, \"I do wish we could have gotten some closure, though. How things turned out for Zelda, Elisa, and Charlie.\" \"Charlie?\" \"Well I wasn't going to keep calling him Asset.\" He laughed and nodded in understanding, \"For them to be the reason we are here in the first place it does seem unfair that we don't know their fates.\" \"We'll give it a year or two then have someone mail a letter. See what happens. One of them might actually write us back.\" \"Seems like a needless risk.\" \"We'll be careful. I think I'm getting the hang of all this spy stuff. Living under cover isn't so bad.\" \"This is a special exception. It is usually much more stressful and much more lonely.\" She hummed in acknowledgment before slipping out of his arms. The sun had set fully and she flipped on the bedside lamp before going over to the turntable. She bent to dig through a box on the floor and then swapped Françoise Hardy out for a different record. \" Moon river wider than a mile/ I'm crossin' you in style someday/ Old dream maker, you heartbreaker/ Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way...\" She made her way back over to the balcony with Frank Sinatra's mellow voice now floating through the night. She coaxed him back into a slow dance, slower now than the first. She rested her head against his shoulder and he leaned into her weight. \"As far as actual regrets go? I can't think of a one.\" ","Summary":" One of the many advantages to being a fast typist was that Elizabeth always finished with her work "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"A Prayer","Author":"Serpico1986","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12887206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another unusual stoy involving the characters of ''The Shape Of Water.'' I got inspired today after my dd posted a video on the Whats App group aout Easter. The story takes place after the rescue, but before the creature eat the cat. If you´re unconfortable with this change of scene, go to the next story without say a word, but the rest of you, who got interested by my story, i wish you a great reading time One more thing, i named the Creature as Azazel in this story. Dr. Serpico A PRAYER Like any other Saturday, Elisa goes to her neighbor house, so they could pray together. It was Mr. Giles who taught her how to pray years ago, even if she prayed just in her mind, she loved the old man´s company and stood with him, from the start till the end of the lecture, just hearing and appreciating the stories. This day was no different, after the tumultuous previous day rescue, she goes to the man´s apartment for the 'church' time and listened to the stories as she always does. In the end, Mr. Gilles smiled at her and they prepared for the prayers. ''I will say it out loud, you follow me and don´t forget the thanks at the end, ok?'' Elisa nodded and they start praying. When suddenly, a noise startled them and Mr. Gilles quickly called Elisa, demanding him to look back. Behind the two neighbors, the giant creature lied on his knees, eyes closed and hands together in what they assumed to be a pray. How he get there, Elisa had no idea, but there it was, growling and breathing, with his front paws on his forehead. ''is he…?'' Mr. Gilles was astonish '' praying?'' Elisa sign back ''he´s just mimicking us, I don´t think he have any idea of what he´s doing'' the man whispered and in response, the mute woman walk toward the creature and touch it´s shoulder '' are you okay?'' she signed and as if it get out of a trance, the creature jump up and wrapped Elisa in a tight embrace ' 'hug'' she sign back ''are you ok Azazel?'' Gilles asked and Elisa looked at him confused '' Azazel?'' Elisa spelled confused ''he need a name doesn´t he?'' Gilles said and Elisa nodded '' Egg?'' he signed and Elisa shocked her head negativity '' my papa and I… were thanking the Lord, we were praying, for all the things we have, our house, our family and our friends...'' Elisa explain and smiled at Giles and back to the creature, who seemed amazed with the human in front of it. ''okay, let´s continue than…'' Giles took a deep breath ''Dear lord I thank you for everything you created, as everything you done have it´s personal wonder'' the older man said ''I suppose Azazel is thankful for been rescued. And you Elisa, what are you thankful for?'' '' I thankfull for my dear Papa Gilles, my house, my work and more important…'' she stop and patted the creature shoulder and smiled '' I'm thankful for having you as a friend'' Elisa smiled and in response the creature, now named Azazel chirped happily and health. ","Summary":" Another unusual stoy involving the characters of ''The Shape Of Water.'' I got inspired today after"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Des choses dans l'eau","Author":"Nelja","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12923867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tout appartient à Guillermo del Toro. Elisa/la créature post-canon, donc spoilers. Il lui apporte un canapé. C'est un très vieux canapé, qui a dû être jeté dans le fleuve pour ne pas payer les déménageurs. Mais tout rapé qu'il soit, et trempé aussi dans la gravité réduite de l'eau il est confortable, et caresse de façon agréable sa peau. Comme il est étrange qu'Elisa ne sente plus le froid, ou presque pas. Cela la surprend presque plus que les branchies qui ont remplacé sa cicatrice. Un jour, pense-t-elle, ils repartiront vers le sud, chez lui. Quand elle nagera mieux et pourra entreprendre ce long voyage. En attendant, il l'a logée dans l'épave d'un vieux bâteau, et il lui apporte sans cesse toutes sortes d'objets humains. Des livres dont, sous l'eau, elle ne peut pas tourner les pages. Des chaussures qu'elle continue à collectionner avec amour, même si elle ne s'en sert plus, ses pieds plus jamais douloureux. De la nourriture, des sandwiches imbibés d'eau de mer, parfois des canettes fermées qu'il faut boire avec beaucoup d'application pour ne pas les saler. Des oeufs qu'ils avalent crus maintenant, de la même façon que le poisson cru ne la dérange plus. Giles disait que les japonais mangent du poisson cru. \"Oeufs ?\" demande l'être de l'eau. Elle lui explique, difficilement, que les oeufs qu'elle lui a fait manger ont été plongés dans de l'eau plongée dans du feu. Ils trouvent une illustration avec du feu. Elle n'est pas certaine de pouvoir lui expliquer sa chaleur, mais elle pense qu'il le reconnaîtra. En Amazonie, pense-t-elle, elle pourra sortir de la rivière sans crainte d'être capturée, elle apprendra à faire du feu et lui offrira des oeufs durs. Il lui apporte du papier et des stylos dont elle ne peut pas se servir sous l'eau, pas même pour écrire à ses amis. Ils lui manquent un peu, même dans l'euphorie de son amour. Elle craint que Giles soit seul. Si elle pouvait envoyer un message à Zelda et Giles, elle leur demanderait de se parler de temps en temps, en souvenir d'elle. Ils dansent, parfois, et font semblant d'entendre la musique venant du tourne-disque débranché. Elle peut fredonner depuis qu'il l'a embrassée. Sa langue ne forme toujours aucun son. Elle n'en embrasse qu'avec plus de joie. \"Pourquoi me donnes-tu tout cela ?\" demande-t-elle un jour. Elle se demande s'il s'agit d'un rituel de son espèce. Elle s'en veut de penser aux nids des oiseaux. Ses explications sont confuses. Il signe de mieux en mieux, mais les mots les plus abstraits sont souvent difficiles à lui expliquer. \"Je ne sais pas ce dont les humains... ont besoin.\" explique t-il. Eliza est un instant confuse, embarrassée, avant de se rappeler que bien sûr, elle a fait la même chose pour lui. Bien sûr, elle lui a apporté tout ce dont il lui semblait que cela pourrait améliorer sa qualité de vie, rien qu'un peu. Il pense que leurs situations sont inversées, et elle ne peut le blâmer, mais... \"C'est différent.\" signe-t-elle. \"Je suis chez moi ici.\" Elle n'a besoin de rien, de personne d'autre que de lui. Cela semble un idéal romantique, mais elle est surprise de constater que c'est vrai. Elle aime tous ces objets humains, mais elle n'en a pas besoin. Seulement eux, et l'eau autour d'eux, qui les porte et les rejoint. ","Summary":" Tout appartient à Guillermo del Toro. Elisa/la créature post-canon, donc spoilers. Il lui apporte u"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Time and Death And Story And It","Author":"Mr. Bluu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12815315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I. Giles The apartment is empty now. The art is gone, the faded old couch with its forgotten etymology is gone, and so too is the battered old television that gave a man who loved the same sex so much nostalgia. The cats have moved on. They live across the hall now, with a group of people that do not know the story their master was part of, who do not have that special spark in them of having been part of it . They live outside now, hunting mice and birds in a grey jungle. Some do not live at all, and their husks feed those same mice and birds their cohorts prey upon. The man is gone, and he has taken his knowledge of it with him. In his stead, some other man will live, with different art, different animals, a better couch and a new television. Perhaps this new man will have cats, or maybe dogs. It is likely he will not love other men. All of these new factors can never again have that rare combination that smelled so deeply of it . Neither will this new man, for without this fated blending, how can he know that it ever happened? The story fades from the apartment, gone forevermore. II. Dmitri The laboratory is empty now. The tools are gone, and the water that filled tank after tank has gone with them. The smoke that plumed the ceiling and walls in grey feathers is gone. No more does it hiss. The scientists have moved on. They go home to their wives now, the aeon-old object of their fascination having taken flight as well. One will never see his home. Nor will he ever see the laboratory so open with all the things that have left it. Along with the light of his eyes and the good of his heart Death takes his knowledge of it. Death hoards these things, for such a perfect story that this latest meal was part of must be protected. But, in time, even Death will forget it , as all things do. In the place of the scientist, another will come. He will study different things. Perhaps he will lie to different people for different reasons, perhaps he will not lie at all. But he will never lie or study or care as his predecessor did. The price of this deviation is knowledge of it . The second scientist surrenders ever learning the story the first was part of. But, this capitulation does not hurt him. He has never known it to begin with. The story fades from the laboratory, gone forevermore. III. Strickland The office is empty now. The candies are gone, the cameras set in the wall silent and dim. No longer does the clicking of a typewriter or of pain pills on teeth fill the room. One of these realities is brought about simply enough. The secretary has gone home. Now that it has vanished from the earth and all who knew it are gone, there is nothing for her to type. The other actuality arose from it . He, the colonel, had a great, titanic part to play in it , the most important, most critical role of all the players in all the story. He is the catalyst Destiny deemed him worthy to play his part into his grave, for it to be as it should. In time, a different colonel will pace this office, put his shoes on this desk. If fate has a heart ( it does not, or it would still be remembered), this new colonel will be an improvement on the old. He will not shout or hit or lust. But, we can never know what comes next. Perhaps the next colonel will make the first look like Christ himself. Time is random and jagged. Time is an impatient lover. It marches onward, with or without it . The story fades from the office, gone forevermore. IV. Zelda The house is empty now. The armchair is gone. The titillating waves of scent and taste are gone. They have left, uprooted and moved so far away that they reach no nostrils. The stress of knowing what it was, of being realistic enough to know what part she'd played in the story, banished the one who'd made them from the house. But, when she takes her mouth-watering sensory input, and the armchair that had been the throne of her demagogue for such a long millenia, she also takes the attrition. The fights, the envy and hatred and worn hands. Perhaps then, the death of it, of that story, was a good thing? Perhaps the downfall of it made a better world for one of its players. Where the bubbles of grease and crackling oil have been transplanted, so has the trench warfare that the house had come to know so well. In time, even these familiar things would no longer reek of it. The hurt has not been stitched, it has been numbed. Soon even the house will forget that hurt, as it forgets it . It will welcome new tenants, with new hurts and new smells and tangs. These hurts will drug it, as these flavors will intoxicate it in the memory of players, of cast members in that story. But they will be fleeting, and shorter, and less vivid, each time. These new tenants have no knowledge of it, no connection. Their substances are counterfeit. They are not it . The story fades from the house, gone forevermore. V. Elisa The apartment is empty now. The signs are gone. The bathtub is dry, like the cracked puffy eyes of someone who cries. The timer is silent, never again to sound its guns, not for pleasure or routine. The red heels are empty, bright and shiny, tear-streaked for their newness. The woman who so brightly employed these things is gone as well. Her absence is the bloodiest hole, the widest chasm. She was the soul of it . It was she who gave it life, and with her fading from the world so did it . She is the final damning and the first. In her place, a different woman will rise. She is so alien, so terribly unwelcome in the space where it was born. She is unable to mutate into a facet of it . The story will reject her even in death. Even it must bow to time. She will triumph in the end. Where signs are so desperately sought after, words will be. The bathtub will fill, not for pleasure or routine. Gradually time will regard her in higher fashion than the woman who came before her, who had no words. The world will bend and follow suit. Perhaps she will be outgoing, perhaps she will cower before the undeniability of others. Perhaps she will harden her heart to the masses outside, so opposite of her predecessor. Time forgets the woman who came before, who birthed it , who began that perfect story that Death itself lusts for. The story fades from the apartment, gone forevermore. VI. The Shape Of Water The dock is empty now. The rain is gone. The friendly divets and pits in the concrete have been paved. The surface is unknowable, unremembered, a lying husband. That is because the child of it , the begotten spawn of the story, the bond it forged, have left this place. The space they dwell in is a million times the senior of the dock. While the jungle above it grows, the dock is left to shrink, to shrivel and burn into dust. Perhaps they have forgotten it in its ruin. Perhaps they yearn like starving lepers to return but cannot reach back to that moment, that grain of temporal sand. That grain contains it , the highlight and climax and eventual entropic end of it. They suppose this is why the story dies. They cannot find it . Now that the world has forgotten them and all of those other parts to play in the story are replaced, the world is equally cut off from it . They are the last. It birthed them, birthed their love, and now they are the only ones that hold the code to recreate it within them. After them, no more of it . No more story. Gradually, as time lengthens and discombobulates them with their love, they forget the world too. Time's reach is slowed down here, and the land where they lay is trapped in a cone of stasis. It is a lulling rhythm, and a calming one too, to walk the same places for eternity. There will be no new spawn here, no new love or bond. The world forgets it but bears it no malice. To replace this finish to the story is an insult. As the jungles grow, and music fades, and the planet shrinks, and tyrants fall, and young boys die, and people hate, and it stays only with them, only with them . . . The story fades from the world, gone forevermore. ","Summary":" I. Giles The apartment is empty now. The art is gone, the faded old couch with its forgotten etymol"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Egg Shaped Chocolate","Author":"Serpico1986","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12870695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! Here is my first and probably last story on she ''Shape OF Water'' Movie, hope you enjoy. It´s not one of my big favorite movies, but i decided to write something different to celebrate Easter, so, there you go. This story takes place during the start of the movie, just after Elisa meet the creature and decided to distorce the storyline a bit, to acomodate the Easter Season. Hope you don´t mind and hhave a great reading time. Dr. Serpico EGG SHAPED CHOCOLATE Elisa came into the laboratory for her shift like any other day and like any other day; she cleaned every spot of the place, while listening to Zelda complaining about her husband and her everyday life. While that, she tried at all cost scape from the hunting eyes of Colonel Strickland, who was watching her every step. _/_ At her lunch time, after making sure no one was looking, the mute woman grab her lunch bag and rushed to the restrict area of the lab. Once there, after making sure no one was watching, she dials the code and entered in another room with sound of water everywhere. Elisa clapped her hand three times and seconds later a green head emerged from underwater on the thank '' hello'' she signed with her hands and smiled as the creature on the thank mimic her movements. Carefully than she took out from her beg a big brown egg and place it on the border of the thank ' 'from me, to you'' she signed again, but instead of eat, the creature just sniffed it, concerned, so, Elisa again clapped her hands calling it´s attention . ''don´t worry, it´s not going to hurt you, it´s just an especial egg, for a special occasion. It´s almost Easter and I want to share it with you'' More than ever, Elisa wished she could speak now, but her hands did the job for her '' I got one too'' she signed and got a smaller chocolate egg from her purse '' see?'' She pointed to the egg and eat it. Seeing the human in front of it eating the strange egg with such delight, the green creature decided to take a chance and grabbing the egg with his watering paws, it eat the whole chocolate with one single bite, making the human smiled. '' well, it´s happy Easter than'' Elisa signed, taking a mental note to bring one chocolate to Zelda and her neighbor Giles as well. ","Summary":" Hello! Here is my first and probably last story on she ''Shape OF Water'' Movie, hope you enjoy. It"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"All Around Me","Author":"Dashiell Mirai","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12862419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ocean, Elisa realised, could be a very nice place. This was a bit of a change of heart from her previous attitude, which, after a long while of limping from one murky, polluted bay to another, she had decided that the ocean was terrifying. A few nights previous, sheltered in a forgotten seacave half grown over with seaweed, she had told to her river-god her thoughts. He had laughed, which was a curious huff sort of noise, and looked her in the eyes. This , he signed very seriously, is not the ocean. She had frowned, confused. What? Not true ocean , he elaborated. Not real ocean. She hadn't entirely gotten his meaning, not until they made it a little farther south. Now, as her prince cut through the warm, tropical water, excitedly taking in the colourful corals, she understood. He wheeled in a broad circle in the clear, sunlit prism of the ocean, trailing excitable trills, pops, and whistles. Come fly with me , he signed. Come fly. She smiled, to let him know that she'd try, and because she was happy. She was getting better at swimming, although she still had human limitations. They shot through vibrant reefs, and as they glided, his song sounded truly beatific. It didn't take someone as attuned to him as Elisa was to tell that this was the happiest he'd been in a long time. He slowed down from his position at the lead, and, privately, she was glad, because so much joy had made him quite fast. Look , she motioned, pointing to a coral. Flowers. This may have seemed like a gross oversimplification of things, but the coral did look an awful lot like a bouquet. Flowers , he repeated. He swam closer to the polyp. Then, in a somewhat surprising move, he picked it out of the rock. It was still trailing little bits of crumbly rock off of its end. Coral is difficult to pick. The river-god handed her the coral, which she took with mock-demureness, grinning a schoolgirl grin. Thank you , she motioned. Flowers , he said again. Like you. How? she asked. Beautiful. Clever. Alive. Strong. He bent one of the stems for emphasis. She threw an arm around his shoulder and planted a kiss on his cheek. It wasn't entirely clear to her how a coral was clever, but it was the thought that counted. She began to sign a compliment in return. You are… She trailed off. A thought so big, so all-encompassing as that was hard to express with motions of the hand and expressions of the face. I am…? he prompted. You are many things to me. she finished. Many good things. All good things. He purred his approval. An idea began forming in her hands at the same time as her head. You need a name. He looked puzzled. A name , she repeated. What you are called? He hummed in consternation. I am called many things to many people , he said. God. Monster. Creature. He looked at her. What would you call me? She shook her head. Not to describe , she tried to explain. A name. He huffed in frustration. It was obvious he didn't fully understand. After a pause, he looked at her again. If you want , he began, listen to the ocean. She blinked confusedly at him. Call me what it tells you. They swam through the tropic waters a few hours longer, until the sky turned to the skin of a ripe peach, and the sand seemed softer than any feather mattress. When Elisa woke the next day, her river-god was not by her side. Panic started to rise in her throat as she scoured the bright cerise horizon. In front of her, she saw him surface, and she breathed a sigh of relief. She slipped into the water beside him. Good hunt? she asked. Good , he answered. Follow me. She brushed off the remains of sleep as she swam behind him. They followed the coastline's sandy edge until it faded into soil, and they came to a place of cool water and dark roots. See , he motioned. Fruit. And there was indeed fruit, ripe mangoes fat with syrup. Elisa reached up and picked one, where the branches bent low over the water. She handed it to the river-god. Taste it , she told him. It's sweet. He eyed it curiously, before taking a bite. His expression lit up, figuratively. Good? she asked. Good , he said. She got one for herself, and started trying to separate it from its stone. She'd only had a mango twice before, so this was very nice, especially after days of nothing but fish, shellfish, and kelp. When they'd finished breakfast, Elisa decided that this was as good a time as any. Last night , she said, the ocean whispered to me. He cocked his head to one side. Your name , she began, is- And then, she made a shape with her hand, a shape that rose and fell and spoke . It spoke of waves, and pain, and power, and joy. And he spoke along. Rrrraaaaaaaaiiiiiii. Rraaaiii. Rai. This, he was sure, was the sound the shape made. The sound she would've made for it, if she could. She heard his song, and nodded. R-a-i , she spelled. Rai. Like waves, and pain, and power, and joy. His markings pulsed brightly, and he pulled her into an embrace. Rai , he sang. Rai. A/N I've had the idea for this floating around in my head since I saw this wonderful movie, but the recent congregation of a fanbase, not to mention the recent Oscar win, spurred me on to write it. I know the trick thing about giving the Asset a name is that no one's going to agree, and I've seen a few authors shy away from it because of that, but I just wanted to , you know? ~Cheers, Dashiell Mirai ","Summary":" The ocean, Elisa realised, could be a very nice place. This was a bit of a change of heart from her"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"In Your Angelic, Angry Arms","Author":"Mr. Bluu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12810752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Giles can't remember a time the world felt this small. He sits with heaved shoulders on his swivel chair in front of the window of his apartment. His pen is still, resigned to the glass to the right of his empty easel. Rain pours unending against the window, supplemented by lightning that chased the dark away for a few seconds. Bolts of it pursued each other across the sky, and in that particular hunt Giles sees two forms. The lightning cuts out their shapes against the inked, cloudy sky as he watches it. He sighs. In his mind, the black void of the sky mutates into the equally shrouded abyss of the ocean floor. One of the chasing sprites shifts, becoming trills and golden eyes and saltwater. The other is the avatar of grace, wavy midnight locks and milky skin. The eyes of the apparition sparkle, like treasure. He almost wants to paint it, but the bottomless depth of his loneliness transfixes him, turning him into a statue. His universe is painfully, unmistakably minute now. It is this apartment he sits in, the mewling cats that he somehow found on every surface. It consists of forgotten ghosts in paper, spectral paintings that fluttered where he hung them. It is his faded old hieroglyphic couch, the bygone starlets of ages past on his television, and the window he observes the fury of the gods through now. Not now or ever again, though, would his world include them. He felt like a dramatist. He stood on a stage in the golden spotlight, delivering lines and soliloquies with the chutzpah of Laurence Olivier. But, unlike such an acting titan and so many other performers, Giles walked among prop and backdrop alone. With no other colleagues to bounce cues and inflections off of, he forgets his lines entirely. Giles stands on the stage, speechless, before an audience as silent as an open grave. With no direction to his performance or life. He'd tried to convince Elisa's friend, the other cleaner from OCCAM, Zelda, to move in across the hall from him. The quarrels of her and her husband were no Andy Williams, but at least they'd fill the deafening, static silence that permeated the whole building. The woman had informed Giles with a sigh that all of the trouble with the creature and its escape from OCCAM, had spooked her ogre of a husband. \"He's packin' as we speak,\" Zelda had told him when he'd called her. \"Don't want no more trouble from the feds or anybody. He's taking us up to Philadelphia. Get outta dodge, y'know? I tried talkin' him into it, but he wasn't havin' none of it when I let slip ya like to bring home boys.\" \"Oh,\" Giles had breathed into the receiver, dejected. \"Don't suppose you can write?\" Zelda'd perked up a little at that. \"I sure will try!\" she'd replied with a bit more of herself in her voice. And she had, for a month. Giles guessed that the stresses of the infamous Brewster he'd heard so much about caught up with her after a while. The letters were fewer, farther apart, less and less descriptive. Zelda only had so much soul to give. She was human. So through the strength-sapping pressures of the world, the last of Giles' human connections is severed forever. A gruff man and his family moved in next door, not interested in talking with their shut-in neighbor in the slightest. Giles had futilely tried, for one or two days after, to get in touch with the doctor, the one from OCCAM. The one who'd euthanized a military policeman on the verge of shooting him. Elisa had never told him the man's name, and he'd never come around again. One of his last letters from Zelda held the doctor's phone number, and Giles had stood out in the rundown hallway, tears in his eyes, hoping beyond hope that the dead ringing in the speaker would yield something. He screamed in anguish that afternoon and pounded on the wall, every blow a swing at the solitude that Elisa had forced him into the ring with. It danced through his fists and struck him, in the stomach, across the face. The doctor's line went dead, and Giles fell to his knees. For a moment, his eyebrows became jagged and his heart filled with uncontainable anger. How dare she leave him here?! How could she abandon him for something so foreign, so recent? Giles had been with her from day one. One day she met that chimera and he was her world. Giles no longer belonged in it. More than her cold body had been stolen away by the ocean that night. It was her presence, her dance and her smile and her good heart ; all the things his friend had that made Giles' life worth living. But even that burned away. Nothing remained but grey. That had been hours ago. Now, Giles just watched their avatars of lightning up in the sky, missing Elisa and her monster so terribly. He sat there for a long while, noisy cats and the children of the man next door ignored. The sky had just begun to lighten, filling the apartment with soft, amicable light, when an answer fell from the newly opened heavens. Giles knew exactly what to do. He left his door unlocked when he left, putting plenty of catfood out for Thor and the rest. The children across the hall were good-hearted. They'd surely adopt a few of the felines. On his couch, he puts a note. Art, TV, couch can be sold. Make what you can from the rest. G.D. Giles shuts the red door to the stairs, and makes sure to give his key back to Mr. Arzoumanian. The rough old Bulgarian is perplexed, but accepts them with a simple \"hmpfh.\" Giles didn't need them anymore. He strides down the street, away from the Orpheum, clad in only a nightshirt and a frayed pair of brown pants. The storm still dances above him and the various steps and twirls of that dance are only made more obvious as the sky lightens. It might have taken a hour or only a few seconds ; Giles isn't entirely sure. His mind was filled with such purpose and drive that all other thoughts, all his angers and his hurts were shouted out by that single instinct. He stands on the pier of a dock. It must have been a more aged one than was the modern standard. The only vessels tied here were small, carved and wooden. One, a dark little boat, catches his eye. It is the only one that still has oars within it. Giles reaches out and catches one as the choppy waves bob them off balance. He steps into the boat, stone certainty chiseled into his old face. The rope that holds the vessel to land coils up in it like a braided serpent, and Giles Dupont departs Baltimore. The sea welcomes him, opening up and maddened with anticipation at his arrival. He rows and rows for what feels like an eternity, the morning sun shining at his back but the sky still grey and black. His aged arms begin to tire, the spin of the oars slowly as the ocean becomes more furious. Baltimore is far behind now, far behind him. Somewhere out here he can feel them. His eyes search the black and blue waters for the girl and the monster, frantically. They're so close, and Giles is going to find them. The rain has soaked through his clothes completely, and he loses an oar. The ocean is near godhood now, angry and beautiful and ready, like a waiting lover. He humps his way over a nasty wave, the wind blowing away his glasses. They fly into the air and are lost, to time and civilization. Salt and air and wind-whipped power surge into his eyes and he has to wipe them away to see. The ocean was a painful mistress. The other oar flies from his hand and the ocean devours it, hungrily and lustily. It eats away at the bottom of the boat, waterspouts that taste like tears flying from the broken hull. In the flurrying midst of that howling and immeasurable demiurge, Giles looks up with squinty eyes. Towards he and his broken boat surges a frothing, loving wave as high as the Orpheum was. The shadow it cast over him was so dark, so terrible and black he half thought it was night again. He thinks he sees her, signing his name, and her creature, lit up like a young sun, within the water as it crashes over him. ","Summary":" Giles can't remember a time the world felt this small. He sits with heaved shoulders on his swivel "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Briny Ballroom","Author":"Mr. Bluu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12803428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Giles sets down the charcoal pencil. His shoulders hunched beneath a brown sweater as he looks up his work. He hadn't forgotten her, or her monster, and their absence evidently haunted him. Sometimes he swore he could hear Glen Miller on the other side of his wall where Elisa'd lived. He heard it in his sleep, mixed with clacking heels and the purrs of a certain supposed god. Now it was quiet. Since his laying off by Klein & Saunders, Giles's been a bit of a free bird. In the hole that record players, signs, and saltwater stains used to be, Giles puts art. It lines his windows, fills his shelves, canopies his roof. Whether he had been a god, a creature, or just a figment of his imagination, doesn't matter. Wherever Giles looks, he sees him. Whether she's dead, alive, or never existed at all, doesn't matter either. Where Giles sees the creature, Elisa is with him. They're like magnets. Plural, but singular. One and the same. Except in the piece he has just finished. Here, they are joined. Here they are muffled, abstract and ambiguous. The lines he shaded of them are soft, so that the shapes of them could be anyone. On the ocean floor they dance turning it into a briny ballroom that they alone traverse. In his world, they are a mother and father (in metaphorical framing. He'd pondered the idea of the creature being able to viably impregnate Elisa. The notion was quickly banished. She could screw him all she wanted, but Giles preferred not to think about what kind of brood they'd birth.). Around them in a slow tornado swirl a thousand different creatures and beasts from the sea, their children. Whale sharks and bluefin tuna and swordfish and octopi and sperm whales, crabs and manta rays and a million more little things. They're in the midst of a twirl, the little curves of their hands close together. What detail the creatures does have is all scales and muscles and light. He's what he was at his best. Elisa's in a coat. It's oddly familiar to the red one she had owned, the heavy one she had disappeared into the canal with . . . Nope. Time for bed. Giles retrieves a pen from his easel. It's a deep black, as deep and pitch as the ocean floor he's just sketched. He uncaps it, and black blood immediately wets the tip. It floats to the pad, hovering a few inches above the dry surface. His signature was a must, but . . . what to accompany it? He didn't have the energy for an original anecdote. Giles was gazing around the room, looking for some buzzword, some trigger to jog his tired mind into inspiration, when one of them caught his eye. It was one of his first, from back when Elisa and her creature impacted his life byond ghosts in his dreams and on his walls. He was turned away from view, his powerful and shimmering back on full display. Her arms were around him with her fingers elegant on his shoulders. Her skin is like snow and her hair swirls about her, about him, as if they were already underwater. If he remembered the model correctly, the two of them in each other's grasp and freshly drenched, it was accurate enough. More importantly, there was something scribbled in the corner. Something that certainly wasn't Giles's handwriting. Something that had gone unnoticed for a long while. She must have left it there, one night as her monster lay in her tub and she and Giles spoke of the endless mystery he was until the morning. He squints, reads it, calms the rumbling in his hand and the gushing behind his eyes, and begins to write. Unable to perceive the shape of You, I find You all around me. Your prescence fills my eyes with Your love It humbles my heart, For You are everywhere. G.D. He retires to bed then. Thor and the other cats curl up next to him under his blankets, and he tries to quiet his mind. Thoughts of them swirl in his brain like sand in the tide, and Giles lays awake for hours. His ears play tricks on him, blending the tune of I Know Why (And So Do You) with the unending push and ebb of the waves. Finally, his eyes creak shut, and he is asleep. The cyclone floats unending, and somewhere under the sea, they dance and dance and dance. ","Summary":" Giles sets down the charcoal pencil. His shoulders hunched beneath a brown sweater as he looks up h"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Firmament","Author":"Riene","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12840156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N-This is a very short companion piece to my other story, The Shape of Loneliness , a glimpse of life after Elisa and the Asset escape. I hope you like it. :) The next story in the sequence is Paradise Lost. Firmament 2018, Riene Overhead a thousand, a million, more, stars shine red and gold, blue and white, spinning slowly, twinkling, jewels set in a velvet sky of infinite darkness, pressing warm and soft against her skin like a mantle, a blanket. The waves rock them gently, a lullaby of murmurs, the susurrations of waves, of water. Elisa lay on her back, floating, mesmerized by the stars. Had there always been so many? Or had she never seen them, trapped in her life of concrete and steel, artificial lights and ceilings? He is all but invisible, the color of the water, the shape of the waves, silent and sibilant and serpentine, circling around her, coming to rest beside her, iridescent markings flashing like the starlight reflecting on the ocean. He is made of starlight and darkness, stars of gold in his depthless eyes. He is hers, bound to her by love and loss and resurrection. She is a fairy-creature herself, milky skin like translucent alabaster in the faint starlight, the color of the white band spilling across the cosmos above. Inky hair floats free as seaweed, loose and drifting, and he runs his long agile fingers through it, perplexed and enchanted, mindful of his claws. She is his, his mate, his existence. She turns to him and he wraps strong arms around her, swift and sure in his protection. Her legs drift, his, powerful and certain, guide them. She rests her head on his chest, listening to the odd steady heartbeat, and realizes again that it is the rhythm of the waves, the rush and retreat of the tides, the sound of the oceans. The water is growing steadily warmer, the currents pulling them inexorably southward, toward their destination. Home , he signs simply, and she nods. They spend their days well below the surface; he has learned her fragile skin will burn. He has taught her to swim, to breathe, and though she has not forgotten her fear and tires easily, they are together. Beneath the waters his voice is music, transmuted by the liquid medium into songs of alien beauty, a solo instrument in a sunken cathedral. She recognizes his name for her, in the sweet soaring notes of utter joy. She has wanted, desperately at times, to name him, but can find no words for him. He is only Himself, her love, her River God. Unbound by chains and constraints, he is effortless, dipping and soaring through the water, breaching and diving, invisible in the sparkling sundrops on the waves, hidden in the depthless darkness, in command and at ease in his element. And yet he is playful, bringing her smooth ivory and pink seashells, lacy coral, pearls and sand-smoothed pebbles as gifts. Together they have explored shipwrecks and sunken volcanoes, made love on white shores. She thinks they might be in the Florida Keys, or perhaps the Caribbean by now. With no map she can not be certain but the trees, the flowers, the white-gold sands, and the people look like photos she had seen, back in another life. The few times they have been near humans the language has been Spanish, soft and easy, not the staccato rapid speech Yolanda used. Or perhaps it was Yolanda herself, angry, impatient, who was not soft and easy. Only one time was she seen. Two children, a boy with solemn dark eyes and a girl, sucking a finger around a wide smile, staring at them. She waved and they grinned back, waving and chattering. The older boy they were with, fishing, did not turn around. She wonders what stories they would tell, if they would remember. At night they rise from the waters onto a secluded beach to rest on the warm sand. Her sea-god explores the area on silent feet, returning with a flower to tuck behind her ear and a handful of eggs from a shorebird. She builds a tiny fire from driftwood, making sparks from a piece of old metal and a stone, and together they roast the eggs in the ashes, a welcome change from shellfish. Resting now in the shallows, he gazes down at her, his mate. So fragile, skin the color of moonlight, eyes like the dark sea. Warm and soft and welcoming. She is clever, his mate, making the flames rise in shimmering waves from the driftwood. He has chosen well. Perhaps someday there will be a small one, a product of their love, but though they have loved many times she has not yet swelled with life. Perhaps she will not; they are very different, from different worlds, and yet so much the same. It little matters. They are together, and the stars shine overhead. I hope you enjoyed this little piece. Thanks for reading, and please review? ","Summary":" A/N-This is a very short companion piece to my other story, The Shape of Loneliness , a glimpse of "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Feather","Author":"BeauMonstre507","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12820576","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Leaves rustled as brightly colored macaws leapt from the branches into the sky. A single red feather gently dropped into the river below. A small hand grabbed a hold of it and brought it up to the toddler's mouth. Her gill fins fluttered curiously. A twig snapped and her head whipped around towards the trees. Her mother knelt down next to her. \" What's that Lilly? \" Elisa signed. Lilly looked back at the fluffy thing she was holding and squealed as her father lifted her off the ground. He shifted her to his left arm and started signing something. The child looked back and forth between her parents and chirped trying to focus their attention back on her. Elisa smiled and took the feather. \" What's this? \" No response. \" Feather .\" Still no response. Elisa signed again and pointed to the feather. Lilly cocked her head clearly trying to understand. Elisa sighed and looked up at her mate. \" She's still young . She'll learn .\" He nodded. They were both a little disappointed. They'd been trying to teach her to sign for months but none of it ever sank in. These movements. These gestures. They had meaning. Elisa remembered how frustrating it had been trying to teach Lilly's father to sign. He picked up the simple works fast. The words relating to tangible things. But it took her years to get the more abstract words across. One more try. \" Lilly .\" She gently cradled her daughter's head in her hand making sure she was paying attention. She placed the feather in the toddler's hand and closed her fingers around it. \" Feather .\" Lilly opened her hand and stared at the feather for a few moments, then lifted her arm and clumsily repeated the gesture. Her parents looked at each other in shock. That shock quickly shifted into excitement. Her father kissed her on the top of the head, both of their markings started to light up. \" Yes! Feather! \" Lilly copied the gesture again. It was clumsy. But she was learning. And that was enough for now. ","Summary":" Leaves rustled as brightly colored macaws leapt from the branches into the sky. A single red feathe"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"The Warrior-Maid and the Oath of God","Author":"VR Trakowski","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12813734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is for Cincoflex, who isn't allowed to read it until she sees the film. Many thanks to my mother, who remembers what packages were like in the 1960s! (I'm still working on Rise . My laptop died...) She'd told Elisa once that a good marriage was built on a lot of lies, and Zelda stood by that. But sometimes truth got the better of things. She finished packing the worn suitcase that had lived under the bed for the whole of her marriage, and snapped it shut, sighing a little. It wasn't much to take with her, not much to go on with. But she knew Brewster, and she knew she'd have one chance to make her point and a clean break. She didn't fear her man, but sweet Lord, she did not want a mess . Not right now. Zelda stepped into her shoes with a silent groan of discomfort and pulled on her coat, then set her hat carefully on her head and picked up the case. Brewster had come home just as usual, dropping in front of the television without a word, but he'd be wanting supper soon. It was time. Zelda straightened her spine and walked briskly out of the bedroom, listening to her heels click as she reached the kitchen linoleum. Brewster turned his head at the sound, blinking and then frowning at the sight of her. \"What're you dressed up for? Something at church?\" Zelda pulled in a breath and let it out, calm, calm. \"I'm leaving you, Brewster.\" Some imp in the back of her mind chuckled wickedly at the sight of his jaw dropping open. Zelda went on before he could muster up words. \"Your dinner's in the oven and I did the grocery shopping yesterday, so you're good for a week. Laundry's done too.\" She strode towards the front door, the cracked suitcase handle nipping at her fingers. Behind her, Brewster sputtered. \" Leaving me? Have you gone out of your mind, woman?\" Zelda ignored that. She heard the chair creak as he stood up, and wondered if he would try to stop her. Her hand was on the knob when he spoke again, and this time he sounded bewildered, like a child. \"Why?\" Zelda hesitated, then turned back. \"You ain't said a thing to me for years, not one thing worth listening to, and then you go and spill your guts to that crazy man and get my best friend killed, Brewster!\" Her voice rose. \"Elisa's dead because of you, and I'm done . Done taking care of someone who doesn't think I'm worth a simple thank-you.\" Brewster stared like a stunned fish, and the image almost made her laugh out loud, after all that had happened the last few weeks. But he didn't say a word. Zelda gave him a short nod. \"Back to normal, I see,\" she said, and walked out. He didn't come after her. It hurt, and she had to lock her jaw against the swelling in her throat as she waited for the bus, hoping she got a decent driver this time. The uniformed man ignored her when she paid her fare, which was about the best she could hope for, and Zelda sat down at the back of the bus with a sigh. The pain had ebbed some, replaced by resolve. Her mama would be horrified, bless her soul, but her mama wasn't around to know. It's time. Zelda wasn't too sure at first about moving in. For one thing, the rent was pretty high, and it wasn't a neighborhood with a lot of Negro folks; Giles convinced the landlord somehow with a mix of threats and promises, and assured Zelda that the little man would calm down soon enough. She wasn't sure she believed him. But the lab had paid her a lot of hush money, and her new job at the elementary school was almost as good, even if the kids managed to make messes in the most impossible places. It was more than strange, though, to be living among her best friend's left-behind things, to sit on her furniture and drink out of her teacups. Particularly when Zelda knew what had been going on in the apartment, those last few days. She couldn't bring herself to use the tub for a week , even when she'd scrubbed it out; she'd bathed out of the sink instead, eyeing the stained porcelain warily. But she missed Elisa. She missed trying to keep up with Elisa's flying hands, her shy smiles, the way she seemed content in herself by sheer grit. And the way she listened to you go on. Don't forget that. Zelda huffed a laugh at herself as she sorted through Elisa's books, half of them in the Italian Zelda couldn't read. The little alarm clock buzzed, and Zelda dropped the books to shut it off. Going to replace that as soon as I can. Brrrr. Scrambled eggs and toast - buttered on one side, thank you - and a couple of sausages. Zelda knocked on Giles' door briskly, plate in her other hand, and listened to him shuffle up to it, already talking before he even threw the lock. \"Oh, this is so kind of you, you really don't have to. Elisa spoiled me, you know.\" Giles waved her inside, beaming, and Zelda smiled back. \"I know I don't have to. But she'd come back to haunt me if I didn't make sure you ate something.\" You'd think I'd get tired of looking after some fool man, she thought as Giles pulled out a chair for her and went to fetch the coffee. Habit or gratitude or both, she wasn't sure what had made her fill a plate that first time; but somehow they'd become friends of a sort. And at least he appreciates a decent meal. Giles bustled back with two cups, and Zelda didn't even mind that hers was too sweet - the old man forgot half the time that she didn't take sugar like Elisa had. Zelda fought back a pang at the thought, and watched Giles dig into the food, mumbling compliments as he ate. Poor soul was lonelier than she was. \"Any news from Brewster?\" he asked when he finished, wiping his mouth with a paint-stained napkin. Zelda shook her head. \"He's still thinking I'll come slinking back. Which I won't. That's done now.\" Giles shook his head sadly. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"That's just sad.\" \"It is what it is,\" Zelda said, and gestured at the draped canvas. \"How's it going?\" \"Oh, very well, very well indeed!\" Giles stood up and lifted the drape away carefully. \"Oh, my.\" She felt her eyes widen. There they were, Elisa and the fish-man - or there was the fish-man, and Elisa peering over his shoulder, wearing a smile Zelda had only seen her wear recently. The detail was...amazing. \"Just how many sketches did you make of that critter?\" Zelda forced her eyes away from its backside and gave Giles a cockeyed look. He waved a hand. \"Well, we both had nothing to do. But it's good, isn't it?\" She softened. \"It's very good. It's them .\" Giles beamed again. \"It is, isn't it?\" He reached for a brush and a tube of paint, and Zelda sat back to finish her coffee, amused. Never in her life would she have expected to be in this situation. But what they'd gone through had changed them both, and Zelda figured becoming friends was inevitable. After all, who else can we talk to about it all? \"I dreamed about her again last night,\" Giles said abruptly, not turning away from his canvas. \"Oh?\" Zelda kept her voice neutral. Giles' dreams tended to make her flesh creep, even though they were innocuous. \"Just a glimpse.\" He knew she didn't like them, but he seemed compelled to tell her anyway. He drew a delicate stripe, focusing on the shadows of the piece. \"She was floating in the water - in the water, not on - and her hair was a cloud around her, twice the length it used to be.\" Wishful thinking . Zelda didn't say it; they'd already had that argument. \"Her skin was different, though. Still ivory, but with tiny glistening scales here and there. Not like his .\" Giles pointed with the brush, his nose two inches from the canvas. \"Softer, more shimmering.\" \"Mm.\" Zelda drank the last of her coffee. \"She was smiling at me,\" Giles said softly. \"She said hello.\" His free hand jerked in an aborted sign; Zelda didn't think he even noticed. She loosed a sigh into her cup, and said nothing. Let Giles keep his gentle delusion; who could it hurt, after all? Zelda knew her friend was dead even if the police had found nothing when they'd dragged the canal; she'd been shot , for pity's sake. Either the fish-man had taken her body with him, or it had washed out to sea with the rain. Zelda tried not to resent the creature for Elisa's death. Truth was, Elisa's muteness had made it easy to baby her, that and the way she seemed sometimes to live life in a dream; but Zelda knew that Elisa had been a grown woman, capable of making her own choices. Which she had. She must be resting content, anyway. He got away . It still hurt, though; and sometimes Zelda felt like Elisa's death had taken everything familiar from her. The loss and the resentment had settled into a knot under her breastbone, a stolid, familiar ache. Something soft brushed her leg, and then Thor jumped up to settle in her lap. Giles hummed as he squeezed more paint from a tube, something in three-quarter time, and Zelda thought idly that he must be doing something new with his hair, because she could hardly see his bald spot anymore. Zelda stroked the cat, and thought about change. It was winter when the package arrived, a year and more after Elisa's death; a cold and gray winter, always freezing but never any snow. Everything looked grimy, and the wind blasted down the streets like a living thing hunting prey. Zelda was always glad to get inside, even if her apartment was always overheated from the radiators and Giles' smelled like stale air and too much turpentine. It was depressing, and Zelda thought tiredly that spring was taking much too long to show up. But that Friday there was a box outside her door - a big one, almost suitcase-sized. Zelda brought it in with her, too worn and chilled to pay much attention until she'd got her coat off and the coffee started, but once the pot was perking she found the scissors and sat down for a closer look. It was a wooden box wrapped in brown paper and tied with string, nothing unusual, except the stamps were all foreign and her address was written in shaky block print, almost like a child's writing. Zelda frowned at the thing; nobody had any reason to send her a package just now, and she didn't recognize the handwriting. But she cut the string open anyway, and peeled away the paper carefully. Lord knows what's in it. After what I've seen… Fortunately the scissors were sturdy enough to pry the top off the box. When it came free, a rush of scent poured out, sweet and green and alive , and Zelda stared down at the contents in astonishment. The box was packed to the brim with wide flat leaves and blossoms in green and white and gold, gleaming wetly in the harsh kitchen light. They were like nothing Zelda had ever seen; when she dug her fingers into the leaves and pulled a blossom free, it seemed almost to glow with its own light. Water dripped from its trailing root. What… She stared at them for what felt like forever. There was absolutely no reason for them to look so healthy after who knew how long in the box - Lord help her, they should have been frozen . But the stem in her hand was no more than cool, and the plants looked as healthy as if they'd been uprooted just a minute before. What am I supposed to do with these? After a long while, Zelda rose and went into the bathroom. It was still faintly damp from her morning bath, smelling ever so slightly of mildew no matter how she scrubbed, but she ignored that, turning on the taps to fill the tub with warm water. When it was full nearly to the rim, she carried the box into the steamy room, and unpacked it one plant at a time, setting them carefully in the tub to float. By the time the box was empty - and she had no idea how the paper wrap had stayed dry - the water was all but invisible beneath the broad leaves. The luminous flowers floated on the surface like cups of mother-of-pearl, their centers golden. \"Well, you sure do look pretty.\" Zelda pursed her lips. \"But I wasn't planning on turning the bathroom into a garden.\" She left them there and went to drink her coffee, still puzzled. Examining the wrapping paper told her nothing; she didn't recognize the stamps, and the cancellations were too smeared to be legible. There was no return address. Slightly annoyed and a lot curious, Zelda smoothed out the paper to use later and set the box to dry. It couldn't possibly be Brewster; even when he'd been wooing her, his idea of a gift had been chocolates, never flowers. She drank her coffee, made her supper and ate, and alternated between wondering who had sent her flowers, and trying not to think about it. Because in the back of her mind, she knew . Just as well as she knew it was impossible. Zelda slipped outside for a cigarette, cursing Duane silently as she always did, and hurried back in, chilled all over again. But when she stepped back inside the apartment, Zelda halted, astonished. The overwarm air was rich with the perfume of the blossoms, thick and tropical but somehow not cloying. It was a sweet, clean odor that smelled somehow alive , and Zelda breathed it in for a long moment before locking her door and pulling off her coat. She walked slowly back into the bathroom. Nothing had changed, except that there seemed to be more blossoms than she remembered. Something in her gave way, resistance fading. Slowly, Zelda undressed, folding her clothes neatly and setting them aside. The floor was cold under her feet when she slipped into the water, and she didn't care when it splashed over the rim of the tub. The plants parted to receive her, then rejoined, brushing against her shoulders and collarbone, concealing her beneath the green. The water was warm and silky against her skin; the hard porcelain seemed to soften beneath her. The scent was intoxicating. Zelda closed her eyes when the tears began, and let the smile out. \"Okay, honey,\" she murmured, to the air, the water, the blossoms. \"Maybe I'm wrong.\" The ache in her chest dissolved in the warmth. For the briefest instant, she saw Elisa against her closed lids, mother-naked and suspended and laughing her silent laugh straight at Zelda, joyful and loving. Then she was gone. Zelda chuckled and opened her eyes, reaching out to touch one blossom with the tip of her finger. \"He'd better be taking good care of you.\" There was no answer; but then, she didn't need one. Zelda leaned back, and let the water cradle her. ","Summary":" This is for Cincoflex, who isn't allowed to read it until she sees the film. Many thanks to my moth"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"The Return","Author":"Megan Martian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13189907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This chapter as well as the next one will include some background events and information that will be slightly AU and then will continue on in a \"What happens next\" type of thing. Thank you and I hope you enjoy. :) I will be posting more frequently to my Ao3 page /works/17554157 Chapter 1: The Rains of Change Sunlight glistened along the white sloping sides of the Pride of the Sea , somehow reflecting the ecstatic delight of the passengers as they boarded the ramp onto the cruise ship's deck. The skies were somehow too clear, for this Autumn day, the wind itself betraying its message of an icy December. Cries of excited chatter erupted among the throng of passengers all waiting to escape Baltimore's cruel promises of a white Christmas. One wouldn't need a sharp knife to cut the energy. However, across the dock, in a small diner filled with sailors and tourists alike sitting amongst the tables and the bar. All were talking excitedly about the coming voyage to South America. The only ones not sharing that same excitement were Elisa Esposito and her best friends, Giles and Zelda. All three sat in the booth closest to the door next to the window where they could have a clear view of the street outside. Suitcases were stuffed under the table, between their legs, coffees remained untouched between them. The mute woman tried keeping her fingers from twitching focuses on folding and refolding her napkin. Finally, out of the collective silence between them, Giles, as always, was the first to break it, \"I'll be the first to say it. I don't think this will work.\" The other two gave him a piercing looks and stared a them, hands up in a placating gesture, \"What? I'm being serious! Something bad is going to happen! You know what they say? Man plans and God Laughs . Right?\" Zelda rolled her eyes before huffing, \"Giles, you got to believe this will work! Dmit- Bob, has everything under control.\" Elisa nodded fervently and reached across the table to grip Giles had, a comforting gesture. At least she believed so. Giles on the other hand whimpered and made a face. \"But, how do we know we can trust him? I mean, I don't know if you've read the news, but we are still in the Cold War, and—\" \"Lower your voice!\" Zelda hissed with a look over her shoulder. They leaned in as he continued, \"-and what if this is just one big... I don't know... episonage...thing?\" Elisa let out a sigh and shook her head. She loved her friend and neighbor, but he could worry himself sick. A month of careful planning, the late-night talks, plan B and C scenarios, back and forth, back and forth, the discussions went until they finally came up with a fool proof plan that they could all could agree on. The woman took a shaky breath and tried to keep her anxiety from showing. But she also couldn't help but hear what he was suggesting. What if this was really a trap? No. no she had to believe in the doctor. If she couldn't trust him, what hope was there for The Amphibian Man? We'll just have to figure it out if it comes to that. I will not go back on my promise. Finally, she gave into her nerves and for perhaps the umpteenth time this day she touched her neck and felt for the new-found ridges of flesh. They were, yet again, laid flat on the surface of her skin, as if they were once again the perceived scars, she had always believed they were. The other two murmured in front of her, something about repeating the plan once more , to make sure all went as it should, but she could barely hear them; their voices fading into the background as she soon melted back into that night. October tenth; the night of the storm. It began bitter-sweet; they were on their way to release the Amphibian Man back to the sea, her heart breaking with every step they took, with every mile that brought them closer to the docks. There was no time for sincere heartfelt goodbyes. No time for… for...well, anything. The Asset was in terrible danger and if they stayed together, he will never be safe. No matter how much pain it caused her to think about his absence. Elisa remembered the weight of him laying against her chest as they rode in the car, convinced that this would be the last time she held him: her fairy tale prince. At the time, he struggled to breathe, wheezing and choking from lack of his home environment. She would tighten her arms around him and nestled her nose into his neck, being careful to avoid his gills. He would gently twitter to her in return. \" It's ok…\" She imagined him telling her, \"I will be fine.\" Of course, this did nothing to lessen her heavy heart, but she stifled a sob anyway. As the tears fell to his abdomen, he would weakly clutch her hand, more concerned for her than she was of him apparently. Somehow that hurt her more than it should have, and she choked back a whimper. Of course, the real heartbreak was only to come. The shock of seeing red blossoming from her lover was enough to stun her from feeling the bullet ripping through her as well. Fire erupted through her, she fell to her knees, just barely heard Giles calling out to her. She tried to cry out, but only a hoarse whisper escaped. He was so close. He was almost free from this terrible world. Her prince laid there next to her, arm extended towards her. No… \" You and me together.\" He had said. He wanted to stay with her. To be only with her. Elisa gasped and reach out, closing the gap between them. You and me together. She thought, gasping and clinging to his clawed and webbed hand. Quickly, almost too soon, her limbs began to feel heavy, her vision blurred, dimming around the edges, until in the last possible moment, only his Piscean face lingered before it too succumbed to the blackness of infinity. Together. Elisa felt it, more than she heard it. The cold bleakness of her landscape yielding nothing to her sense. You and me together. She tried to make sense of her surroundings, but everything felt muted, muffled, only a loud numbing roar of tic-tic-tics. She tried to move, arms feeling heavy and stiff. You and me. She felt it again, consoled. With almost dream like understanding, she tried to move towards it. I want to come back. Please. Let me come back. There was a tightness in her chest. The burning sensation had vanished now only to be replaced by one of desperation. Her body felt constricted. I can't breathe! She screamed in her mind. Chest hurting, she moved her head. The tic-tic-tic sound ever present, growing louder, quickly becoming unbearable. Finally, just as she couldn't stand it, Elisa opened her mouth for air. The saltwater was icy cold, filling her lungs, and she gagged as the distinct taste of motor oil (among other disgusting flavors) bombarded her taste buds. It was purely, utterly disgusting. I am going to die, she quickly rationalized, fear chilling her to the bone. Her body began to spasm, fighting to live. Please no, I want to live! Don't let me go! As she felt her lungs try to push the water out, a strange sensation occurred along the scars on her neck – the only way she could adequately describe it was a kind of… pop! Instantly the feeling of cold brine pushed through the multiple slits of skin beneath each ear in a smooth and steady stream. Her eyes flew open in surprise stunned with the sudden implications of what this meant. I- what? I can breathe? Dark orb-like eyes gazed before her, glinting with approval and she blinked. She pulled water in again, and exhaled, feeling it flow out again, the tightness leaving her completely. I am breathing? How is…? She searched the eyes of her lover, He made a small twitter sound before pulling her into his arms, a feeling of profound relief radiating off him in small lights on his shoulders. Elisa blinked the fuzz out of her vision as her eyes adjusted to the underwater atmosphere. How is this possible? She glanced up at the surface, discovering that the constant tic-tic-ticing came from the rain showering onto the surface of the water above meters above them. She could also make out red and blue flashing lights – police! A beam of white light began to spot light through the murky water. What do we do, now? Notes: This is a little something I've been kicking around since I saw the movie in 2017. I just figure I'd fix it up a bit and just toss it out here for you to see. I hope you enjoyed it! I'm sorry if it seems a little redundant. I am trying my best. I certainly would appreciate any comments or constructive criticism as this is an exercise to help me get better at writing in general. I am thinking on putting in some mature elements in future chapters when the time comes so please be prepared for that. Otherwise I look forward to hearing for you![Chapter 2] There is some mention of violence and blood, but only in an AU retelling of the rain scene at the factory. Not spelled out explicitly but in case you get squicked out. there is some mention of hunting/trapping for animal furs, but that is the kind of thing that would have happened back in Soviet Russia. it's not in gritty detail so hopefully, it won't bother you too much. Chapter 2: At The Crossroads Hours before. Thunder rolled overhead as Hoffstetler, no, Dimitri Mosenkov , packed the last of the evidence of his stay in this safehouse. Like the storm, regret tossed and turned, rumbling within him as he thought of The Amphibian Man. He wondered how he was doing, if… If he was even doing still. He looked up from his briefcase and watched the rain through the blinds of the window. This would have been the perfect night for Esposito and Fuller to fulfill their promise. \"When the rain fills the canal that flows to the sea.\" Zelda had interpreted. \"You are a good man.\" Elisa had signed to him that night and he wished he could believe her. He wished for a lot of things in that moment in the now empty living room. He wished he had more time to study the creature. He wished he wasn't such a coward as to let that муда́к Richard Strickland walk all over him. He wished his spymaster did not given him reason to suddenly doubt his position, his safety, his government, his homeland. He wished now more than ever that he could have seen the Asset one more time. To study it's physiological being, its relationship to humankind. To be able to answer the one question that most buzzed through his mind; could it be possible that It is the next link in human evolution, or could it be a relic of mankind crawling out of the sea? Oh, the very secrets He holds. Hoffstetler closed his eyes and sighed. What happens now? After his last meeting with his spymaster, Mihalkov and that bodyguard… he was now uncertain of his place with his brethren, with Mother Russia. He chewed the inside of his lip, watching the rain once more . Was he certain that he could withstand the ramifications of desertion? Treason was never forgiven. His throat tightened at the thought of the outcome. No. it would be better in the long run if he were to forget the Asset. The study was finished. He must move on. Resigned, Dimitri yanked suitcase with more force than needed, swinging it with him as he trudged to towards the door of his temporary home. Yet, just after he locked the door and turned towards the exit, he heard it. The phone within the empty room ringing. He instantly remembered giving Zelda his card when he gave Elisa the box of salt. Hoffstetler stood there, staring at the round doorknob; here stands a doctor at the crossroads. Although the phone was muffled by the door, it sounded as thunderous as the storm overheard. The scientist glanced down the hall of the apartment building. It seemed to stretch for miles, cold and empty, with bright florescent lights somehow adding to the uncertainty of what waited for him should he return to his comrades. He remembered the fear when they met him last. The very memory left him uneasy, his stomach turning some more. Would that be his future? To always and forever be looking over his shoulder, to never knowing who was and who wasn't safe to confide to? The phone, like the siren's song called out to him from within. What was the other alternative? If this was Fuller, if she were to seek his help with the release of the Amphibious Man, to miss his extraction window… where would that leave him? To live a life as a traitor? To be hunted down like an animal, destroyed like one if captured? But this could mean the possibility of seeing the creature one more time, to question its existence, no matter how brief the meeting. Unbidden, he was suddenly struck with a memory from his childhood. His father had been a trapper for the government; capturing animals for their furs to sell. One winter, he went along with his father, to check the outcome of the traps they had set previously. His father had become distracted with one that a bear had destroyed, and so he sent young Dimitri to check on the next one, just a few meters further along the trail. He remembered how cold the snow was as he trudged through it, each step a loud crunch. the numbness in his feet and the tingling in his hands; the mittens were decent, but they could not keep the bite of winter out. He had been thinking about his schoolmates and what his mother would be cooking for supper when he heard a muffled scuffle. Dimitri froze instantly, suddenly reminded of a protentional bear. He wished he had his father's gun. After a moment's silence he took a cautious step, trying to keep the sound of his steps as silent as possible. Crunch. No such luck. Another scuffle sounded, this time behind the bush in front of him. Between two trees, he could see the dark fur of a mature sable darting back and forth in circles, the obvious source of the sounds. He let out the breath he had been holding in relief. I hope Papa didn't see… After a brief investigation, the child quickly identified the reason; a snare that had been improperly set, the weasel like animal was still alive but the one of its paws was captured, pinned down to the snow, it could just barely move, emitting a strain squeak from the struggle. Dimitri disliked the sound. He felt his heart sinking from the scene. The beady black eyes of the marten wide with terror and suffering, it's gasps shallow and rapid. He was not a squeamish child and would often help with the more unsavory aspects of rural farm life; slaughtering animals never sat well with him, much to his family's annoyance. The young boy clenched his fists and unclenched them, worried. He looked back at the way he had come, his father was out of hearing range, but the boy knew that he will be following up shortly. Should he find the animal, he would make quick work to humanely kill it to preserve its fur. The child understood the reasoning behind the practice but could not accept it. What should he do? Release the creature and face the consequences should his father find out or should he allow the animal to perish for the continued comfort that the Soviet Union provides for this enterprise. Here stands the boy at the crossroads. \"A man is no man, if he stands by and allows others to suffer,\" His father once told him during a hunt, after quickly putting his prey out of its misery, \"best to step in and be quick with it, my son.\" In the distance behind him, he could hear his father humming an old Russian melody, slowly growing louder. The boy made his decision then. He stumbled forward quickly. The sable panicked and began to squeal even louder, but Dimitri was quick and efficient. He helped his father release snares plenty of times. Within a few hurried breaths, the faulty snare trap was released, the squirming sable now free and writhing in his hand! Without a moment's hesitation, he released it into a bush nearby, \"Go! Go now! Shoo! \" he hissed to the creature, waving his arms to scare it off. A moment later, his father arrived, frozen pelts slung on his shoulder, \"Anything, my son?\" The boy shook his head with a gesture at the loose snare. \"Nyeat, Papa... It looks like the bear got into this one as well...\" The ringing of the phone brought him out of his reverie and the now Soviet spy quickly considered his options. Strickland was out there searching for the creature. If that custodian is the caller… It could be possible that they need his help and expertise with it… or perhaps the crazed lunatic has found it and is on the verge of destroying such an… intricate and beautiful thing… perhaps even in the most inhumane way possible… Here stands a man at the crossroads… He answered the phone mid-ring, \"Y-yes?\" Mrs. Fuller on the other end was frantic, \"Doctor Hoffst- Dimitri! Oh Jesus, he-he's sick - I think? I think he's dying!\" Not even a minute later, he dropped the phone back in its cradle, Hoffstetler took off down the hall. Running down the stairs, all thoughts culminating into one; the creature still lives - at least for now! He may have one more chance to help still. Quickly, the doctor jumped into his car, shoving his suitcase haphazardly in the passenger seat. Gripping the steering wheel, he peeled off through the rain, exhilaration flooding through him at a renewed sense of worth. He knew where he was needed! Rain pelted his windshield and he did his best to remain calm and drive carefully through the city streets. However, wasn't until he was halfway across the city when he noticed it; someone was following him. Stopping at a red light, Dimitri studied the reflection in his rearview mirror. It was difficult to make out, sure, but it was Flemings car… however Fleming wasn't the one driving it. Headlights illuminated the white wrappings on the left hand; Richard Strickland. Dimitri swore in his mother tongue and almost missed the green light before slowly stepping on the gas. What do I do? He thought, chewing on the inside of his lip once more. Judging by Zelda's directions, he was nearing to the Orpheum theater. Need to shake him… but how? I could use him as an excuse to avoid the pickup… Now there's a thought… Instead of making the turn towards the Movie theater, he made the opposite and head towards the familiar destination on the outskirts of town... The cement plant where he was supposed to rendezvous with his comrades; perhaps they will be able to take care of the American for him? That could work. With every twist and turn he made, Strickland kept pace, swerving every so often while doing so. The doctor briefly reflected on the man's decreasing health. At their last meeting, the colonel was sweating profusely, paranoia etched in every labored breath and sideways glance. Hoffstetler had noticed the blackness in those damaged fingers, the stench of decaying flesh hung thickly around him like a aura of menace. Sepsis. He surmised with a frown. Life threatening if he does not seek medical treatment. But then again. He glanced into his rearview once more , perhaps Richard Strickland won't have to worry about that for much longer. The storm seemed be at it's furious; the rain pummeled down in waves now, the car hydroplaned every so often leaving Hoffstetler to drive white knuckled. Meanwhile, Strickland tailed him still and the doctor began to feel uneasy again. The further they drove outside of the safety of the city, the more insecure he felt about this haphazard plan. Doubts swirled around in his restless mind; What if this doesn't work? What if Strickland continues to follow him throughout the night? What if he misses his chance with the Asset, all the while missing his window with Mihalkov? What will become of him then; an enemy of the Soviet Union, an enemy of America? No matter what, he will always be a marked man. The turn for the road to the plant loomed near and Hoffstetler sucked in a deep breath; it was now or never. Slamming a foot on the brake and jerking the steering wheel to the right, the man was flung to the left as the tail of his car fishtailed a wide arc across the road. He didn't have time to look back to see if Strickland managed to dodge or not before he stepped on the gas and took off down the gravel road. The wagon, groaned and struggled on the flooded road, making it very difficult to steer as the doctor rushed towards the rendezvous point. His heart jumped the moment he did chance looking in his mirror to see the colonel gaining behind, worried that he may try to run him right of the very road! The prospect of being left to die in a muddy ditch was a very real outcome by this point. Another turn was coming up and he remembered a darkly shadowed drive that followed right after in a hidden hook and sped forward, instantly swerved into it. It wasn't even a blink after killing the engine off that he saw Strickland in a flash of white and red fly past him, continuing down toward the cement plant. Fear choked Dimitri and he gasp for air. The rain roared against the car, and while it there was a noticeable chill in the air, he felt claustrophobic now and so held his fist over his mouth to keep himself from vomiting. He was now trembling violently. Hold it together… Hold it together! There was a time and a place to get sick later. Assuming enough distance had passed he made for a much slower pace down the drive without his head lights, using the red taillights of the predator now in front of him as a guide. The cement plant loomed ahead, the halo of its lights his guide. During the past month, it had represented safety and security to the doctor; now with the fluorescent spot light and the flooded terrain, it somehow struck Dimitri as deadly and forbidding. He watched as the deluded Colonel swerved to a stop behind the familiar black car of his team. He pulled up a great distance away, looking down from a high vantage point off the road and watched intently. Strickland was not out of the car and staring at the black car ahead of him as the guard came out to meet him. Dimitri swallowed, hoping that this was the end of the Colonel. Both men looked to be arguing, with a third, the driver of the black car, also climbing out of the vehicle. Both he and the guard reached for the weapon at their sides, but the American was too quick; the doctor covered his ears and looked away as shots rang out like thunderclaps. From the relative safety of his car, the doctor swore to himself and allowed the fear to take control and banged his head against the steering wheel. No, n-no, no… He looked back up. Strickland was kneeling over the big guard in the rain and was violently interrogating him against a small sand dune. Tears of guilt welled in his eyes over his fallen comrades, \"This can't be happening.\" His plan, albeit a short sighted one, backfired dramatically. He chanced a look and his stomach turned at the very savagery of Strickland's questioning of the guard. His window of freedom slamming shut before his very eyes. However, he was thankful that he could not hear the confessions. Although it only took a few minutes, it felt like hours before Strickland was done with his torments and Hoffstetler held his breath as the Colonel sped off back the way he had come, swerving like a madman. He waited till his pursuer was well gone before driving down to the plant and carefully exited his vehicle. Rain soaked him instantly as he sloshed through the flooded terrain, he ran to the car and found the driver slumped dead across the front seat. Damn. He then ran to the burly handler, who had been drugged and leaned against a sand dune. He let out a shout of surprised when the bloodied man groaned when he came close \"Ivan!\" Dimitri whispered, gently shaking him. Dismay and relief tumulted within him. What did he tell Strickland? The burly guard coughed and wheezed. His life washing away into the murk. \"Dimitri?\" \"Da.\" The doctor swallowed, trying to keep the sick down. \"Ivan… that man… What did you tell that American?\" Rain splattered down Ivan's swollen bearded face and he coughed again and winced, his mouth was red. \"He… he was asking for you… Dimitri what have you done?\" The doctor ducked his head in shame. \"E-Easy comrade, I-I was on my way to meet you here, when Strickland followed—\" \"Bastard…\" the man whispered and weakly fisted the doctor's coat, pulling him closer, \"You're supposed to be…\" Dimitri nodded, \"You saved me. I thank you, comrade. Do you know where I am supposed to meet Mihalkov now? A contingency plan?\" Ivan shook his head feebly, \"…No extraction … No con… tingency … You… are to die . Mihalkov ordered it .\" The doctor stopped short and stared down at the other, falling rain and mixed with the blood, washing it away as it slowly began to stop flowing. \"What do you mean?\" Ivan groaned and hacked up more blood, wheezing again before continuing, \"You are… dead man … Mosenkov… Dead… man…\" Hoffstetler shook his head in disbelief. His… His own people… wanted to kill him? \"This… can't be! Ivan, tell me, what have I done?\" Raising a shaky finger, Ivan pointed at him. \"…Betrayed… Mikalhov… Betrayed Soviet …\" \"Nyeat! No! I did no such thing! Ivan you must believe me ! Where can I find Mihalkov?\" but Dimitri could only watch in frantic desperation as Ivan let out one last breath and fell silent forever. He couldn't believe it. But… He'd done everything for Mihalkov. For his government… His homeland… As the weight of the truth sank in the guilt he felt instantly dissolved in his stomach, and righteous indignation took its place. He could no longer feel the cold from the storm as he rose to his feet, staring down at the killer. If he had never picked up that phone call, if he had never noticed the Colonel following him… would he be in Ivan's place, dead in the rain, his life's essence mixing with the muddy water, nothing more than a closed account to his spymasters? Yes. He let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding and looked at the getaway car and mulled over these revelations. He knew he was playing with fire, Mihalkov pretty much spelled it out for him at the safehouse when he and Ivan visited just a few days prior. He orchestrated this whole thing. Maybe somehow, he was the one to involve Strickland? That seemed like a stretch but after what Ivan told him, anything could be possible, couldn't it? Regardless, he was alive, for now, and Strickland is off his scent… for now. The doctor chewed the inside of his lip, thinking. The Colonel would be on his way to look for the Amphibian Man… When the doctor received the call from Fuller, she had told him that they would be releasing him at the docks… Strickland could intersect them! With that in mind, Hoffstetler charged for the extraction car. After a quick investigation, he found files and other such paraphernalia with his identities and whereabouts on them. His mouth twisted at the sight and he quickly swallowed the thought of Mihalkov sending more killers to check on Ivan and his driver and discovering his own body missing among the body count. He needed to get away and fast; Checking the trunk, he investigated the luggage and was stunned to find a bag full of stacks of neatly wrapped American bills. He held one up and thumbed the edges. One of US's founding fathers stared back up hundreds of times in order. At first glance, there had to be several thousands of dollars here. He could count later if his luck continues throughout the night. He swallowed and searched in a separate bag, finding several passports and documents for different kinds of identities for his fellow spies. Mouth dry, he continued searching, hoping, praying that his studies of the creature would be here, above all things. Quickly he dug through luggage after luggage looking for his black journal only to be met with defeat. Slamming his fist against the money bag he let out a frustrated curse. he realized that out of everything, that was the one piece of information he truly wanted above all else. This meant that Mihalkov still had it. And the doctor cursed out loud again. He'll have to deal with that later. Right now, he needed to act fast to keep Strickland from hunting down the creature on his own! His only hope was that he was choosing the right path of this crossroads. Thank you for the Kudos! How do you like it so far? I know a lot of it is basically retelling but I hope it kind of lays out the foundations of what I plan to happen. Please leave a comment![Chapter 3] I wanted to post this weeks ago, but with school and work it makes it a bit difficult. I also wanted to do some research on the social events that were going on in this time period. I hope you enjoy. Present day. As inconspicuous as she could, Zelda Fuller glanced at her wrist watch and stifled a sigh; thirty minutes after the promised arrival time and it was getting close for the Pride to set off for South America. The trip itinerary had read that the time of departure would be 10AM sharp , and it was now bordering on 9:25. The maid had never been on an ocean-liner before, hell, the most time she had spent on the water was fishing with her daddy in the summer. But that was on the creek, and Daddy would be the one rowing; she felt safe then. Secure. Although she was certain that the expressed purpose for The Pride of the Sea was rest and relaxation in top of the line luxury suites, being waited upon on hand and foot by crew members. This would be a dream come true for anyone, but all she could feel was a sense of dread. When she was little, Daddy would sit her on his knee and tell her all about the how their ancestors were brought to America; while this may not be some slavers ship, all the same, she felt reservations about it. If only Daddy could see me now. She thought with a snort. Separated from Brewster and about dive headfirst into some serious shit. In these times, it wasn't considered normal for someone of her race to be willingly allowed on a ship like this. It made her very hesitant to board the it now. What kinds of shores would this one takes her to? While public segregation was slowly being abolished, that did not prevent most white-owned businesses from reminding Zelda that she was not welcomed. And with the whole Missile Scare between the US and the Soviets a few weeks prior, the tension in the air had become downright electric. After all, they are walking the tightrope of a third world war. Swallowing her unease, it took all the maid's effort to tear her eyes away from the ship and studied her coffee; the black liquid was long past cold but try as she might, she just could not muster any interest in the caffeinated contents. She suspected it was day old anyway; it smelled stale. Glancing at her watch yet again, her suspicions growing with every tick of the minute hand. Maybe it's because of the Cold War that Hoffstetler is not showing up. Maybe this was for the best. Perhaps it was safer for all of them if he took the Asset and never returned. With that thought in mind, she looked up and mustered her most sympathetic gaze to her silent best friend. She hated situations like these, but she hated seeing Elisa disappointed as well. But if the band aid had to come off, might as well be from her. \"He's late, hon.\" As usual though, Elisa met her eyes, as stubborn as ever. That same stubbornness was what got them into this whole mess to begin with. With a confident nod, the youngest of the trio resumed her folding and refolding of the napkin. \"Elisa… Sweetheart…\" Zelda tried, enveloping her hands over the other woman's', \"I want to believe the doctor as much as you do… Hell, Giles and I both—\" \"…he did kill that guard…\" Her booth neighbor murmured. She shushed him, \"We both want what's best for your- uh, our friend. But, with everything going on between the USSR and Cuba… could it be that maybe , just maybe the doctor will return him to the wild without our help?\" Elisa's dark eyes met hers then and she knew that look; that lift of the chin, the squaring of the shoulders and flinched internally. \"I know that this seems like a difficult ordeal. But I believe in the Doctor. He will come.\" She signed confidently, \" I am sure of it.\" \"I know he's a good, man, Elisa,\" she agreed logically, \"and I believe that he will do what it takes to help Him get home. But maybe it'd be better if we… you know , weren't involved? I mean, we barely got out of this mess the first time around. And with that whole mess in Florida, whew boy!\" Next to her, Giles made a sound of agreement, but no more. As much as Zelda wanted to, she couldn't blame him. Elisa was his only friend as well. And while he was never happy about her steadfast position with the doctor, he made it apparent he would support her, and if necessary, protect her from the unknown. \"I will go wherever she goes.\" He had told her one evening, while packing his bags, \"But don't get me wrong, I am going to complain the whole time.\" As he stuffed his art supplies into a briefcase. Zelda had peeked into the hallway, looking into the apartment next door. The police tape had been torn apart and Elisa was also hurriedly throwing her belongings into a suitcase, not caring a fig about folding or making sure everything was orderly. The doctor was standing at the dining room table, pouring over multiple manila folders, organizing and reorganizing different files. Five passports laid open near by and when he was satisfied with one file, he would lay one of them on it and move to the next. The maid was conflicted as all get out. On the one hand, he had done nothing really to her nor Elisa personally to earn distrust, his help with the Amphibian Man has been extraordinary and he did arrive, (albeit late) when she called him for help. On the other, he was a white man and generations of abuse and slavery made her hyper aware of his position of power over them all. She, Elisa, hell, even Giles were all fish out of water when it came to societal norms. Not only that but it was downright suspicious that he'd have all this money for five people to \"take a nice cruise to south America;\" passports with different identities for each of them and was often tight lip about when inquired of how exactly he procured such oddities. The good doctor seemed as silent as Elisa about a lot of things these days, often changing the topic when it came to his nationality. Yes, he was Russian, but he never really went into too many details other than being a scientist working for the American government. \"I'm a scientist who was transferred from Wisconsin. Before that, Houston. Before that… I was a professor in Moscow…\" He would answer. And that would be that; nothing more, nothing less. But soon Zelda became all too aware of how his mouth would do that weird quirk deal when asked to elaborate for more details he'd drop his eyes and dip his head as if to duck out of the conversation entirely before changing the topic. His discomfort was damn near tangible. Knowing that her discomfort was based purely on suspicion, Zelda kept her thoughts to herself in front of Elisa. Anything to do with the Asset, and Elisa would probably walk barefoot into hell for it. But how far would that loyalty get her in this half-brained scheme? How far would Giles go for her? Again, Zelda's gaze crept the ship; happy-go-lucky tourists boarding it with the promise of tropical paradises and sunbaked beaches. The promise of escaping the brutal Boston winters. What kind of promises would someone such as her be met with if she climbed that deck? Like an anchor weighing down her heart single thought churned over and over in her head: How far will my own loyalty get me when I board that boat? Thank you so much on the comments and follows. They inspire me to be a better writer. :) ","Summary":" This chapter as well as the next one will include some background events and information that will "},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Origin","Author":"BeauMonstre507","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12831763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was only a few months old at the time, but I still remember it. That day. An angry, chanting crowd surrounded the cliff. One of the older villagers held me over the edge, his nails digging into my dorsal fin. There was a river at the bottom of the cliff but from so high up it might as well have been solid rock. My mother screamed and cried. But it was no use. They wouldn't let her near me. I remember the fall. The hit. I should have died that day. But I didn't. I woke up hours later, in the pitch black of night. I had washed up on the riverbank. It was so cold. Lonely. Leaves rustled, growls echoed through the trees. I scurried back into the water to hide. A spotted monster slinked into view. Fangs as long as my arms and claws sharp enough to slice through stone. I swam a few yards down the river, never taking my eyes off the monster. I wanted to flee, I really did. But I couldn't. I was in complete awe. The monster leaned its head down to take a drink. Almost the second it's tongue touched the water, another monster leapt up and clamped it's jaws around the spotted one's neck. This monster was much larger. It had scales, similar to mine, covering its body. Both were gone in an instant. The safety of my mothers arms was gone. This was my new home.[Chapter 2] I hadn't eaten in days. I never dared hunt anything bigger than me, which was about everything, and anything smaller than me was too quick or clever. I missed my life in the village. Rather, I missed my mother. She always kept me well nourished. She always sang me to sleep at night. If I had just kept quiet a few minutes longer until that man left, I would still be with her. My stomach grumbled and my mind quickly shifted back to finding food. I thought back to that scaled monster. How it managed to take down what I thought was the top of the food chain with no trouble. But how? Sure it was bigger in weight but those teeth and claws were nowhere near as long as the spotted monsters. Surely it could have defended itself if only it had seen the attack coming. Seen it coming. The scaled monster had the element of surprise. It had the murky water to hide in. Maybe I can hunt like that too. I find a good spot near the edge of the river to wait. And I waited. And waited. And waited. Eventually, a small furry creature emerged from the forest. It had a long snout-like nose and a huge white patch on it's back. It was actually kinda cute. I almost feel bad for what I did next. It waddled up to the water for a drink. I bit down on it's throat like I saw the scaled monster do. But that wasn't enough to take it down immediately. The creature fell into the water and thrashed wildly as I struggled to keep a hold of it. It kept trying to jump back out of the water and I kept dragging it back down. After what seemed like hours, it fell limp. So did I, completely exhausted. I wasn't sure if it had drowned or bled out. But that didn't matter. I was responsible for it's death. I had successfully hunted my own food. I could only hope it wasn't just luck.[Chapter 3] The years went by and I hadn't seen any humans. The river swept me too far from my mother's village to ever have any hope of finding it. Not that I even really wanted to. I'd made a new home of the jungle. I built a nest on the riverside like I'd seen the flying creatures do in trees. It wasn't nearly as intricately crafted though. It grew as I did. Collecting more an more shiny rocks I would find. It even had the pelt of a spotted monster I'd drowned. By far my most difficult kill. But afterwards, no predators in the area dared prey on me. Save for maybe the scaled monsters. But I rarely ever saw them near my nest. The fish started to become less and less present in the area and I had to travel further down the river to hunt. I didn't understand where the fish had gone at the time, I now know it was the work of the human village that had set itself up in the nearby trees. However they more than made it up to me over the years. I had come home from another unsuccessful hunt and curled up in the nest with my spotted fur. Leaves rustled. I quickly and quietly slipped into the water, hoping it was an animal coming for a drink. Two humans stepped up to the water. One a child, and the other I assumed was his mother. I could only float there in complete shock. Were they from mother's village? What if they found out the fall didn't kill me? Were they going to come after me? In my panic I didn't notice the toddler staring at me. He tugged his mothers arm and pointed laughing. His mother had a rather different reaction upon seeing me. She gasped and pushed her son back slightly. It felt like hours we just stared into each others eyes, trying to figure out the other's intentions. She reached out a hand to me and made some strange noise I didn't understand. I cautiously waded forward ready to attack if needed. As I drew closer her expression softened into a warm smile. She had realized I was little more than a child. She cupped my cheek in her hand and continued with her strange noises. It'd been so long since I'd received genuine affection. I actually started crying when she stood up to go. But thankfully, that wasn't the last I'd see of her or her village. ","Summary":" I was only a few months old at the time, but I still remember it. That day. An angry, chanting crow"},{"Movie":"Shape of Water","Title":"Deliver","Author":"vanitydeath","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12897594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: I wondered what would have happened if Elisa's escape with the Asset hadn't been successful. How would the movie have ended.. This fic will contain some dark themes. The novelization touches more on Strickland's depraved fascination with Elisa than what's shown in the movie, so I highly recommend giving it a read if you want to follow up with this fic!) . . . Chapter one . . . Strickland jerks the gear shift with a snarl, pulling his wrecked Cadillac to a still. The laundry van he'd plugged full of holes is parked down a few feet from the canal by the sea; The old man from the surveillance camera stands not far to the side. At the water's edge, he spots the Asset and the mute woman and leaps out of the driver's seat in a fit of rage. Red coats his vision in the seconds it takes to reach them. With one swing of his good hand he clears the old man out of his path. He uses the other to remove his gun from his belt and aims it at Elisa and the creature; The last things standing between him and his ticket out of this shithole town. He'd put a bullet in the mute and the monster, and be on to bigger and better things once this was all over with. He licks his lips, and his finger taunts the trigger. Something makes him hesitate shooting the woman. He won't do it now. He's not finished with her. Not yet. The weapon suddenly fires off, once, then again. Pop, pop. The bullets miss Elisa's head by a hair. Two holes appear in the Asset's chest. The creature wobbles and crumbles to his knees. A scream bubbles in Elisa's throat as she drops down beside him. Her vocal chords strain to cooperate, but all that is heard is a raspy, strangled cry. Like the sound of newborn kitten calling for it's mother. That makes Strickland laugh. So she does squawk. He paces around the two of them, circling them in a predatory manner. \"Sure don't look nothin' like a god now.\" He goads, crushing the weight of his shoe onto the Asset's ribs. From the corner of his eye, he sees Elisa smacking one hand onto her palm as she sobs. Stop! Stop it! For an instant, Strickland seems to convey the meaning of her gesture. Elisa inhales unsteadily as he lifts his foot from the asset and takes a step back. It's only a farce. He turns on his heels, delivering a devastating kick to the creature's back and he goes over the edge. A faint splash is heard from below, clarifying that he'd indeed fallen into the sea. Almost Immediately, Elisa is scrambling on her knees to follow after him. But Strickland is one step ahead of her, capturing her in a choke hold from behind. The cold metal of his pistol digging against her temple is enough stop her struggles. \"You caused a whole lotta people a world of trouble. Now we thought we were tracking down a fully organized strike team. Who'da thought it was a nigger, a fruitcake, and a mute.\" Strickland snorts. \"You do know what this means for you, right? You stole from a government laboratory, they ain't just gonna sit you down and give you a slap on the wrist.\" Elisa shivers as his expression changes from slightly amused, to simply unreadable. The cops would be showing up any moment now. The only way anybody would know the truth about what happened here was if he wanted them to. He could hand over the criminals to General Hoyt. Get a pat on the back and be his golden boy, a thought, that quite frankly, repulsed him. Couldn't he be done taking orders from that son-of-a-bitch already? He imagines himself driving his Cadillac. All fixed up, gleaming under the Maryland sun with a fresh coat of wax, Baltimore shrinking in rear view. In the seat beside him, Elisa sways to the radio, her hair swirling behind her with the windows down. Something suddenly seems to snap in him at that moment and Elisa finds herself being slung over his shoulder. Strickland is grateful she's even lighter than she looks. He reaches the trunk of his car swiftly and makes quick work with the lock. With a pop, it opens and he hurls her inside. Elisa's head is spinning as shock, fear, and adrenaline wash over her. He's going to turn her in for helping the Asset escape the lab. Undoubtedly she'd be interrogated, tortured and killed. The sound of a crunch pulls her from her thoughts. The pistol in Strickland's hand is replaced with the black cattle prod. Her blood runs cold, as he leisurely twirls the Howdy-do, popping another green candy into his mouth. \"Relax, we're just goin' for a little spin.\" She has nowhere to run, and no time to react to his assault. Her body jerks and twists- her muscles seizing as the electricity pulses through her torso. The light casts a blueish glow on his expressionless face. It's the last thing she sees before she passes out. . . . Giles is jolted conscious by the sound of screeching tires. He rolls onto his back in a hazy state. What in Christ's name was he doing outside in the pouring rain? Without looking, he feels for his tortoiseshell glasses on the pavement. They're cracked, and wet, but they'll have to do. Realization hits him like a bus, and he jumps to his feet. \"Elisa! Elisa!\" Would shouting do him much good? She very well couldn't shout back. Giles sucked in a worrisome breath looking at the traces of blood that the rain hadn't washed away. He followed them to the water's edge. A shadow was rising from below and bubbles rose to the sea's surface. Something exploded from the depths of the water, leaving an enormous splash in it's wake . Giles, wiped his glasses with the back of his hand. The Asset stood before him, his scales illuminating the dark pier like he'd seen before back in the apartment. \"Elisa! Did you see what happened to her?\" The creature let out a low, sorrowful sound. \" Without me,\" He signs. Giles hangs his head. \"I screwed up. I couldn't protect my friend, and now she's missing.\" The Asset purrs sympathetically, and creeps closer to him. He moved to place his hand over the bruise on his cheekbone where Strickland had struck him, but something else catches his attention. Just a few feet ahead, fresh tire tracks are carved into the mud. There is one thing that stands out against the darkness of the wet city streets. The creature kneels down to inspect it closer. Giles looks on over head, nearly jumping out of his own skin when it suddenly hisses. \"What is it? What did you find?\" Giles asks, placing a hand over his racing heart. \"Can you try to warn me next time if you're going to do that?\" The asset holds up a small object between his claws. It wasn't the sort of clue he was expecting, a bullet casing, a wallet, or Elisa's shoe. It was small and round. Most of the colour had dissolved in the rain, but it held a faint shade of green in some spots. Giles seems perplexed. What was so significant about a piece of hard candy? The sounds of police sirens fill the air, the blue and red flashing lights reflect in the puddles on a neighboring road. Giles has to consider his options, and he had to do it fast. He desperately wants to talk to the cops. They could help him find Elisa, but the asset absolutely could not be seen by anyone. Reluctantly, the only choice left to him was to get away without being spotted. Giles waves his hand for the creature to follow. \"We have to go. Back home. Now!\" The asset tilts his head. \"The language barrier, right..\" Giles takes a minute to remember the right way to do it. He brings his fingers and thumb together, touching his cheek at the side of his mouth, His hand moves uo toward his ear, then back to his cheek. \"Home!\" He repeats, urgently. The creature seems to understand, following Giles down a lonely back street. They would get back to the apartment and figure out their next move.[Chapter 2] (A/N: I just want to thank those of you who reviewed my story!) GodlyJewel (It just might happen that way... I really think Strickland is a foul piece of garbage but he's pretty interesting to write! lol) Dr. Serpico (Thanks so much for leaving positive comments! Your feedback is very much appreciated and motivates me to continue writing! As a thank you, I decided to post this chapter early~ Enjoy ! ) . . . Chapter two . . . Her alarm rings, and Elisa feels for the clock's stopper. It isn't there. That's odd. The ringing suddenly stops and she can hear a man's voice somewhere. A movie must be playing in the theater downstairs. It sure was awful loud. There's a dull throbbing in her skull and it takes more strength than it should have just to open her eyes. She knits her brows together. Where was the cracked, muddy coloured ceiling she knew so well? The ceiling overhead was a crisp white with some kind of textured pattern. These walls were foreign to her as well. Her living room certainly never had floral printed wallpaper. It didn't take her long to realize this was not her apartment. There was a simple toilet in the corner, a shower and a sink topped with tiny soaps wrapped in paper. How on Earth did she get in this place? Slowly, piece by piece, it all came back to her. Elisa grips the front of her housecoat and feels for her undergarments. She breaths a sigh of relief to find her clothes intact, and starts to wipe the sweat beading on her brow. She stops, turning her hand over. Red covers her palm. She looks down at her chest. Half dried blood is smeared and crusted below her collarbone. The cattle prod flashes into her mind, and so does he . That monster .. Her heart aches remembering what had happened to her beloved. All she could hope for was that Giles was still okay. Her eyes dart in every direction, scanning the small room for any sign of an escape. Not too far above the toilet is a small storm window. It was about two feet wide and a foot and a half tall. Her legs are like jelly beneath her when she attempts to stand. She uses the sink to prop herself up, and moves along the wall for support. One foot in front of the other, slowly, carefully, like a fawn learning to walk. Climbing onto the toilet proves to be much more difficult. Her entire body aches and she can't keep her balance well- but that won't stop her. She spots the metal crank on the window pane. It's covered in a thick coat of rust, making it nearly impossible to twist. Just then, the voice outside stops. Foot steps are coming toward the door. In a panic, she jerks the crank as hard as she can. To her horror, it snaps off completely. There was no other choice left but to push the window open. She has to stretch on the tips of her toes to pound her fist against the glass, uncaring about the level of noise she was making by this point. The panel pushes outward agonizingly slow. It opens about an inch with every strike, but he gap is only big enough to reach her arm through. Keys jingle and the door handle starts to rattle. The toilet wobbles under her weight, and a can of air freshener falls onto the floor. It rolls into the corner of the room and dangerous idea flashes in her mind. In an instant she is diving down from the toilet and flattens herself against the wall just as it bursts open. Strickland pokes his face through the opening. \"You're pretty damn noisy for bein' mute. The hell you doin' in he-\" his words trail off at the sight of the empty room. Elisa holds her breath. She's hidden behind the door, but not well. His attention shoots straight to the open window and his blood starts to boil. The pain in his hand begins pulsing, and he turns on the sink to down a fistful of pain killers. He swallows them with a sigh and stares into the mirror. God he looked like shit. Just as he begins to think of how to start tracking her down, he spots her frightened reflection in the mirror. He whips around catching her by the arm. In her panic she seems to forget her plan completely. Elisa fumbles with the can of air freshener and clamps her thumb on the nozzle. The contents shoot out, and she aims for his eyes, nose and mouth as if she were wielding mace. \" Mother fucking hell! \" Strickland hacks and wheezes, rubbing at his face with his bandaged hand, curse after curse spill from his mouth. Elisa is able to free her arm from his hold and bolts out of the bathroom. Something trips her and she hits the carpeted floor in the next room. She's fallen right over Strickland's briefcase. There's paperwork scattered across a queen sized bed and files are strewn about over the small dining table. She realizes she is in a motel. It seemed like cruel irony that her first time being in one would be under such circumstances. She and Giles could never afford to take a vacation and stay in a place this nice. Enough looking. Get to the door ! Back in the bathroom, Strickland had thrown himself into the shower, letting the water spray down over his head. He gasps in relief as the stinging pain in his eyes finally recedes. Elisa gets to the door as fast as she can and twists the handle. It's locked from the inside. Keys, keys! They had to be in here somewhere! She looks everywhere. Behind, around and underneath anything as fast as she can. A hand grips her shoulder and twists her around. Strickland is dripping wet and beat red with anger. He backs her into the wall and holds up his grotesque hand. A set of keys hangs from one of his remaining fingers. He promptly pockets them and reaches into a dresser drawer beside her. Elisa is horrified as he pulls out a roll of duct tape, stretching it out about a foot and ripping it with his teeth. He doesn't bother covering her mouth. It's not like she can scream. Her wrists are wrapped together, then her ankles, and she is carried her back to the bathroom where he dumps her onto the floor. He clears the room of any object that could be used as a weapon or help her get the tape loose. When you've been in the military, you've seen just about every trick in the book that a hostage will use to get away. Admittedly, he kind of admired her effort. At the same time, it seriously pissed him off. He could still see that look in her eyes, just like when he'd interrogated her and the negro woman back at OCCAM. She wouldn't get the best of him again. She was the prisoner, and he was in charge. He would make sure she knew that. Elisa eyes him with caution as he steps over her and back to the sink, twisting the handle just enough to let a steady stream of water run down the drain. \"You know.. During the war over in Japan, the soldiers would put a tube down a prisoner's throat. They'd fasten it to a water spigot.. kept it runnin' until water leaked from their noses. Drowned em' alive.\" He stares down at her, expecting to see her scared out of her wits- but in that moment he's the one left feeling weak. The sight of her tied up and half dressed was insanely erotic. Right away, he tries to shake those thoughts out of his head. He has so much work to do. With the amount of pain killers he's ingested, it's hard to think clearly. He just wants to fucking sleep, but General Hoyt won't stop calling. He pinches the bridge of his nose, and lets out a deep sigh, shutting off the water. \"Don't make me have to come in here a second time.\" His vague threat leaves an awful silence lingering in the air long after he's closed the door. . . . Back at his apartment, Giles paces the floor, wracking his brain for a plan. The asset jumps to attention even before a knock sounds at the door. Giles motions for him to be silent. The two of them exchange the same cautionary glace. The knock sounds again, this time it's much louder. \"Hello?! It's Zelda Fuller! I know somebody gotta be in there! Come open this door, now!\" Giles relaxes knowing it's not the police, or someone worse. He unlocks the door, but keeps the chain hooked. \"Are you alone?\" He whispers, craning his neck to see over her head. Zelda's hands fly out to the side. \"Does it look like anybody else is here? For god's sake, open this damn door already! Elisa ain't at home and her front door look like somebody kicked it in real good! Her stuff is thrown all over the place inside.\" She places her fist up to her mouth, trying to calm herself down. \"She in there?\" Zelda asks, pushing against the door. \"Elisa! You in there!?\" Giles quickly unlatches the chain and lets her inside. \"No, no she's not! Honest to god. The last place I saw her was down by the canal. I took her there to let the creature go into the sea. Somebody clocked me good from behind, and I was out. When I finally came to, she was gone.\" He feels guilty just by retelling the events from earlier. Somehow, it feels like this is all his fault. \"We gotta get the police after her.\" Zelda states, walking toward his telephone. \"That crazy son of a bitch that works security at the lab.. He musta done somethin' I just know it.\" Zelda picks up the reciever, emphasizing her next words. \"He threw his dead fingers on my throw rug.\" Giles wore a disgusted expression for a moment, and quickly shook his head in disagreement. \"No, no! We cannot bring any police into this! Don't you know what we did!?\" He points a finger straight at the asset. \" That is what we did! We stole him from a top secret government facility! They'll find her for us alright, and then we're all going right to the electric chair. People who interfere with the stuff they do in there don't get to just walk away scott free!\" The weight of his words seem to reach Zelda. Her shoulders slump, as she hangs up the phone and she shakes her head. \"Just why did she have to go and get herself into all of this trouble? I tried to tell her! 'Leave that thing where you found it!' If she'd just listened to me, we wouldn't be in this mess!\" She glares hard at the asset, who doesn't seem to understand. Giles can feel the tension in the room, and tries to come up with a solution as fast as he can. He takes out the hard candy he'd stashed away in his coat pocket, rolling it between his fingers. \"This man, the one who works security.. He's bound to show up at OCCAM for work, right? If we watch him leave, we can follow him, see where he goes. Maybe it'll give us a lead on where Elisa might have been taken.\" It's a bit of a stretch, he knows. But it's all he's got. Zelda is hesitant to agree. Her friendship with Elisa is being tested to its very limit. She wants to run home, lock her doors and never come out. But she knows the only right thing to do is to try to find her. \"His car ain't hard to miss. It's mighty expensive, and green . We all seen him park it right out and center in the lot. Duane talked about hot wirin' it. He wasn't the only one.\" She waves her hand, bringing herself back to the topic at hand. \"You'll see what I mean once we find it.\" Giles rubs a hand through his patchy hair with a nod. \"So tomorrow night, just be ready to meet me at the front entrance.\" Zelda agrees, and awkwardly bids him goodbye. She soon disappears into the hall, cursing into the air about how much trouble they would be in if they get caught. The asset coos softly, signing to Giles. \"Egg.\" He realizes what he's trying to convey, he's hungry. Not only that, he can see how much he's missing Elisa. The creature's going to be left on his own while he's gone. He doesn't want to come back to find another one of his cats with their head chewed off, or find out he's run off into town somewhere. Giles prepares the bathtub and boils an entire pot of eggs before he retires for the night.[Chapter 3] (A/N: I'M SO HAPPY YOU GUYS ARE ENJOYING THIS FIC! I'm super thankful to see any kind of feedback from my readers. Surprisingly it's all been very positive! I'm trying to keep everyone IC as best as I can but writing the Asset's POV was a bit tricky. I hope I don't disappoint anyone there. Please enjoy this new chapter!) . . . Chapter three . . . It was rare, but there were times Elisa was grateful that she couldn't speak. She saw the sort of trouble saying the wrong thing could get you in. Zelda often ran her mouth too far and Fleming was always getting on her case. How desperately at this moment she wishes her vocal chords worked properly so she could shout for help. The sun was high in the sky. It was probably early morning, though she couldn't be entirely sure. By the sound of things, Strickland had responded to a phone call and left the room, but she wasn't certain when he would return. If she pounded on the wall enough times, maybe someone would make a complaint, and the owner of the motel would come investigate the room. She only hoped it could turn out that way. The worst case scenario would be Strickland bursting through the door to put a bullet in her head first. Thankfully, her wrists weren't bound behind her back. She gives her aching jaw a rest from trying to chew through the tape. It's wrapped far too thick and it would take hours to get it off this way. Instead, she rolls onto her knees, carefully slides herself upward against the sink and opens the medicine cabinet. To her disappointment, it's been completely cleaned out. Every drawer is the same. No scissors, no shaving razors, not even a hair comb. The sink's faucet might be sharp enough. She tests it out, moving her bound hands across the metal in a sawing motion. Elisa hears noise from the other room, and footsteps are closing in. Shit! She drops back to the floor where he'd left her, hoping he won't notice the marks on the tape. She holds her wrists close to her chest in an attempt to hide it. When the door opens, Strickland is carrying a Styrofoam container. He tosses it down at her feet and Elisa thinks she can smell eggs and bacon. It's only after being exposed to the scent of food that it dawns on her. She hasn't eaten anything in over 24 hours. Those thoughts are put on hold when she realizes he's holding a pocket knife. \"Easy now.\" He cautions, and motions down to her hands. Every instinct inside her tells her this must be trick, and Elisa is hesitant to move a muscle. Strickland clicks his tongue in irritation and takes a seat on the edge of the bathtub. \"You want somethin' to eat or not? I don't gotta feed you if you wanna act stubborn.\" She still doesn't respond, glowering at him from the floor. \"Alright, have it your way.\" He shrugs, and moves to take the box from her side, but Elisa blocks him. She is hungry. But if this isn't a trick, she just wants him to leave the food and go. Slowly, cautiously, she lifts her bound wrists out in front of her. It's Strickland who now turns suspicious. He looks at the frays and tears along the tape. He wasn't born yesterday. He figured she'd try to get herself free while he was gone. With a serious tone, he points the knife between her eyes. \"Don't you think about tryin' anything now.\" He warns, and cuts the blade through the tape in one clean swipe. Immediately, Elisa is reaching into the takeout box and grabs two bacon strips, chewing them with a breathy sigh. She pays no attention to the set of plastic utensils, tearing apart one of the over easy eggs with her fingers and shoveling the gooey chunks into her mouth. It makes her skin crawl the way Strickland watches her eat. He looks amused, as if he's feeding a pet. He snorts. \"Not even a 'thank you'?\" She seems to ignore him, but she looks up for a moment. ' Piece of shit,' she signs, and continues her meal. Now that she really looks at the container, she recognizes the logo on the sides. It's from the diner where she and Giles often picked up that god awful Key Lime pie. She is elated to know they haven't gotten far from town. Strickland notices the way she glances at the keys every now and then, which he's deliberately left hanging in the lock. He crosses his legs, propping his hand under his chin. \"If you're still thinkin' about runnin' off, I ain't gonna stop you.\" Elisa wipes some egg yolk from her mouth with the back of her hand and wrinkles her brow. Was he joking? She absolutely was going to get out of here if it was the last thing she did. And she'd make damn sure he got what he deserved. Strickland wears a half-smirk. She doesn't want to trust a single word that comes out of his greasy mouth. \"You're in some serious shit, ya' know. Right as we speak, the cops are puttin' up posters with your face on em' all over the city. $141,000 reward. The story's gonna air on tv by tomorrow. And I can tell you what'll happen the minute you step out in the open; Somebody recognizes you, they call up the Sheriff, and you're handcuffed in the back of a squad car so god damn fast it'll make your head spin.\" Elisa's face shows doubt, but also a hint of uncertainty. He's just beginning to reel her in. \"And you know what they're gonna do to you? To anybody who's seen too much and knows their secrets?\" He stands against the sink, folding his arms over his chest. \"They'll start out easy.. sleep deprivation, usually. Guards watchin' over you every minute, every day, makin' sure you never shut your eyes. During which, they'll try some other things. Waterboarding, for example. You know what that is?\" Elisa thinks about that and nods. She's seen this before in movies and wonders if it's really as awful as the actors made it seem. Strickland continues, hoping to strike a nerve. \"They might throw you in a wooden crate, starve you for a week or two. Or leave you hangin' from the ceiling, drenched in your own piss and shit. You'll see after a while, that you start to lose your mind.. beggin' just to have em' kill you. And they won't do it quick. Oh no.\" His voice is low, and it makes her feel uneasy. \"They know just where to cut you so you won't bleed out too fast.\" He crouches beside her, motioning his hands to various places on her body. Gooseflesh breaks out on her skin beneath his ghost like touches. \"They start at the chest, slicing off the tissue from the breast and the muscles around it until your ribs are exposed. Then your arms.. legs.. all the rest before they cut off your head.\" His knuckles brush over her neck scars and Elisa shoves him away, disgusted. The food in her stomach threatens to come back up any minute. Strickland gets to his feet and walks backward toward the door. He motions his arm outside. \"So go ahead, go. Leave. You'll just be signin' your own death certificate.\" Elisa is shaken to her very core by this point in fear of his words being true. She thought nothing could be worse than being stuck here with this horrible person. Her face holds a conflicted expression, but slowly, she shakes her head 'no'. He steps out of the doorway unable to hold back his smile. He is absolutely pleased with her reaction, and himself. The truth was, nobody was looking for a mute cleaning lady. As far as General Hoyt and the rest of his guys were concerned, Hofstetter was behind everything. He was going to hand the asset over to those soviet bastards down by the canal. Strickland put a bullet in his head before killing the asset. Everything had worked out in his favor. All he wanted now was to leave Baltimore in the dust. Elisa doesn't move from the floor. She pushes her food aside and faces the wall. She'd be damned if she let this bastard see her cry. It felt impossible to wrap her head around the whole situation. If what he says is true, then why hasn't he turned her over? What good was it to him to keep her hidden in this place? He had to know the laws about harboring a fugitive. It just didn't make sense. Strickland leaves her to pour himself a glass of whiskey. He swallows another handful of pills before returning to the stack of paperwork at the dining table with a long sigh. There were a dozen reports to fill and phone calls to make before the day was through. A least now he could finish his work in peace. But it's hard to block out the pain in his left hand. Tossing his pen aside, he begins stripping away the cruddy bandages and cringes at the state of his wounds. A mix of blood and yellowish discharge oozes from the gory ends of his broken knuckles. The glass trembles in his good hand as he attempts to pour some whiskey onto it, cursing silently when the liquid makes contact. He needed to go back to the hospital before he lost his entire hand to infection. But now just wasn't a good time. He'd thought about having Elaine tend to it. Timmy had cut his leg real bad falling off his bicycle one summer, and Lainie had it looking good as new with some ointment and a needle and thread. Women should be good at that kinda thing shouldn't they? Sewing, cleaning, patching up cuts, crap like that. The mute woman probably knew how to do those things. But he couldn't trust her as far as he could throw her. The last thing he wanted to do right now was run home to his wife. He's told her countless times he's away on a business trip. Still, she was a close second behind General Hoyt for calling the motel phone non stop just to yack and ask a thousand inane questions. He was thankful for these few moments he had in solitary silence. Silence.. He stares at the bathroom door. After the whiskey and pain killer cocktail starts setting in, his thoughts aren't making sense again. He imagines Elisa seated across from him. A deck of cards laid out in a game of Black Jack, the two of them shooting whiskey deep into the night until they fall onto the queen sized bed. What would she look like underneath him? He wondered. Her hair tousled and cheeks flushed pink from the alcohol. These damn thoughts would surely spell his end. He couldn't stand what she did to him and he hated her for making him feel powerless in these moments. Strickland wraps his hand with fresh bandages, downs another shot of whiskey and tries to focus on his work. . . . It takes all afternoon to paint the van white again. Giles steps back to admire his handy work. You can hardly tell it was a getaway car just two days ago. The bullet holes would be another story. He just hopes there won't be any patrol cars behind him on the road. The Asset grows anxious being left alone, and Giles notices upon his return. He was relived to find his cats alive and well, but something doesn't sit right with him about letting him stay here by himself. Maybe there was a way to let him come along without being seen. Zelda might not like it, and he'd need to bring water, lots of it. Giles dumps some old coats from a laundry tote and fills it with the sprayer from the kitchen sink. This takes much longer than he anticipates. It's only half full and the sun is already going down. The creature watches intuitively as he empties a container of salt into the tub. Giles offers him a small smile. \"Is this going to be good enough?\" He lets his webbed hand drift through the water and attempts to climb inside. \"Wait, wait. I have to bring this out to the van before you can get in. I'll have to find a way to get this to the first floor. And it's certainly going to be heavy enough without you riding inside.\" The asset backs away. ' I'm sorry,' he signs. Giles laughs at that. \"You don't have to apologize, it's alright.\" 'It's okay,' he signs back to him and begins stirring the salt in the water with a cooking spoon. The Asset trusts this man just like he trusted the kind doctor from the lab. He knows he wants to find Elisa just as badly as he does. She was soft and kind. That man who might have her was everything but. He only hoped he hadn't laid a finger on her. Such thoughts stirred up the aggression he'd been careful to keep hidden away around these humans. They treated him like a wild animal. A beast. Acting like one would only prove him to be just that. He'd seen that familiar look in the dark skinned woman's eyes. Outside, Zelda is a nervous wreck. Every passing car has her ducking for the shadows and looking over her shoulder. Giles arrives a few minutes after midnight. She crosses her arms when gets into the passenger seat. \"You're late.\" Giles checks his mirrors and pulls out into the road. \"I know. I'm sorry. Things took longer than I'd planned. And I had to make some last minute changes.\" Zelda looks displeased. \"What kinda changes?\" His lips press together. Zelda tried to tolerate the creature for Elisa's sake. But he knew she wouldn't be thrilled to bring him along tonight. He wants to avoid the confrontation as long as he can. \"It's no big deal. I'll tell you about it when we get there.\" She lets it go for now, but Giles is sure she's starting to doubt going along with this. \"Turn up here,\" she instructs. Giles brings the van to a stop in an alleyway. OCCAM is just across the road. \"What are we doing back here? It's kinda hard to see anything this far away.\" Zelda removes her seatbelt. \"This is as far into this as I'm willing to get involved. You go around the left side, and you'll find the employee entrance.\" \"Zelda..? You're leaving?\" Giles is astounded to have his worries confirmed. \"I'm sorry. I can't risk gettin' caught here. You know how hard it is for black folks to find work around here? For black women? This job is all I got to make a living.\" Giles nods. He understands, but disappointment shows clear on his face. \"Alright then. Thank you for all your help. It was a pleasure to have met you .\" Zelda places her hand on his forearm. \"Find Elisa. Bring her home safely. Please. And make sure you get that sick son of a bitch.\" With that, she heads up the road flagging down a taxi and disappears from view. Giles lets out a deep breath and grips the steering wheel. He takes a look in the back of the van. He can't see the asset but he can hear him splashing around. \"I guess it's just us now.\" His confidence has depleted with the loss of Zelda and his nerves are beginning to get the best of him. You've done this once, you can do it again. It's then that he spots the green Cadillac pull into the lot and disappear around the side of the building. He shuts off the headlights and follows behind him, keeping enough distance between them not to draw suspicion. A man working the security booth buzzes Strickland through and he exits his car with his briefcase in hand, rushing through a door on the side of the building. Giles parks the van and jumps out, hurrying toward the back to check on the Asset. He's glad to see not much of the water has spilled out during the drive. Giles wonders how long he can breath on land. They could be here quite a while and there's a chance they'd have to be on the run if they get caught. He closes the trunk and sets up to stake out for the next few hours. Not much is happening outside. Scientists and common employees enter and leave the building over the course of the night. Giles has gone through all of his magazines and is drifting off to sleep when a bright light flashes through the driver's side window. A security guard taps his night stick against the glass. He jumps, pulling his glasses from the top of his head back over his eyes and rolls down the window. \"Y-yes! Good evening officer. Is there a problem?\" The man looks unamused. \"Only authorized vehicles are allowed beyond this point. I'm gonna need you to turn off the ignition and step out of the car for me sir.\" Giles reluctantly cooperates. Inside he's panicking. How did he keep screwing up this badly? Elisa was unfortunate the only person looking for her was someone like him. When he exits the driver's seat, and steps out onto the pavement, the man is suddenly gone. His flashlight lays on the blacktop. Giles picks it up and lets out a shocked gasp. \"Oh my god.. That's blood. That is a lot of blood.\" Giles clutches his racing heart, following the gory scene to the back of the car. That's when he screams. The flashlight hits the pavement and rolls under the van. The guard's lifeless body lays on the ground. Beside him, the Asset holds his severed head in his claws. He drops the man's head, signing something to Giles 'Are you okay?' ","Summary":" (A/N: I wondered what would have happened if Elisa's escape with the Asset hadn't been successful. "},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"From the Upper Slopes of Mt Nicaragua","Author":"ThePreciousHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13115828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Plenty of lovers slipped away from their partner's bed at the crack of dawn, but rarely when said partner was their husband. And while their reasons for departure usually involved freshening up, they didn't often have a team of makeup artists at their disposal. Thus ran Hannah Gill's thoughts as she sat back in the chair, sipping her black coffee and valiantly holding back her complaints every time the hair stylist's brush tugged a bit too hard. If discretion's an art, you can call me Van Gogh. The trick of it, Hannah had come to learn, was to not be consistent. Sometimes she arose alongside Truman in the morning and did all her own makeup and hair in the bathroom, just like she would in real life. Christof was rarely happy on these occasions, as Hannah wouldn't get a peek at her itinerary until she was safely away at the hospital, but she suspected he was just annoyed at having to be on call to feed her lines in case she slipped. To her credit, she never did- and besides, it paid off. Five years since Truman had slipped that ring onto her finger, and all this time he'd never once noticed Hannah's early-morning disappearances. \"Can I get you anything, Miss Gill?\" said an assistant to her right. Hannah set down her coffee cup and inhaled a slow, steady breath. Sometimes it was hard not to \"correct\" the production crew and remind them that she was \"Mrs. Burbank.\" Let's give those method actors a run for their money. \"More coffee,\" Hannah ordered, and the voice that came out was all Meryl- syrupy plasticine perfection. She tapped at her cup as the assistant ran to fetch a new one. \"Just enough to get through the morning.\" A titter of laughter escaped her- that, too, was Meryl's- and the stylist working on her politely joined in. Another assistant approached from her left side, and Hannah steeled herself, concentrating on the face that her makeup artists were molding. So far, they'd done an excellent job of prepping her for the cameras. Truman complained every now and then that she wore too much makeup, but Hannah always responded that appearances mattered in her line of work. If only he knew how true that is. For that matter, Hannah had always felt that Truman should wear stage makeup too, the better to look on TV. She'd considered introducing it as an anti-aging cream, but not only did she doubt that Truman would take to it, the advertising companies had given her hell once they caught wind of her little scheme. If you'd like to promote skincare products on The Truman Show, you need to use an existing brand, not a placebo. Hannah restrained the urge to mouth along as the assistant addressed her. \"Today's itinerary, Miss Gill.\" \"Yes?\" The lack of a written itinerary was one of Christof's little quirks, his insistence on not breaking the illusion , as it were. Hannah often wished to point out that there was little to no chance of Truman ever being in his neighbor's basement, let alone long enough to discover an itinerary or even to make sense of it. Especially not after playing up the neighbor character as a reclusive shut-in, unwilling to interact with Truman socially. But that was Christof for you, and since Hannah knew what was good for her career, she kept her mouth shut. \"You're to leave for the hospital early today,\" Hannah's assistant said. \"You have an amputation scheduled on a young girl who was injured yesterday in a falling elevator. That should keep Truman from dwelling on his little discovery, but be prepared to stand by at the hospital if he decides to drop in for any reason.\" But he won't, Hannah thought. She nodded coolly. \"You're to invite Marlon and Rita to a barbecue on Sunday night. Mention this to Truman and try to get him excited. He needs stability after this week's, ah… unfortunate incidents. Something familiar.\" The assistant paused. \"Since it's the weekend, you'll be receiving your bonus check today.\" Good. Hannah gave a tight nod. She still wasn't sure if the compensation she received for every sexual act reflected Christof's guilt that she had to go through with it, or his satisfaction for a job well done. Knowing Christof, it was likely the latter. You're turning me into a honey trap, Hannah had sometimes joked back when her marriage was new . But the former wasn't out of the question. Not that sleeping with Truman was an ordeal, but it didn't exactly excite Hannah, to say the least. \"Anything else?\" she said, knowing full well that there was. There's ALWAYS something else . \"Yes,\" said the assistant. \"Today's quota of products reads as follows- Ignite™ charcoal for the fire pit, Motion Bran™ cereal, Mococoa™ hot chocolate, and of course…\" He trailed off, gesturing vaguely in Hannah's direction, and Hannah glanced quickly down at herself. \"The wardrobe.\" Modeling her wardrobe was a staple of her assigned product placement, so much so that it hardly counted as such anymore. However, Hannah wouldn't dream of giving it up. Imagining countless viewers admiring her from behind their TV screens gave her an immense, childish thrill. It was also by far the most convenient method of plugging products, because she didn't have to say a word. The rest were brand names that had to be worked into conversation. Her task often proved a challenge, but it was one that Hannah eagerly rose to meet. The assistant nodded. \"That's all for today, Miss Gill.\" \"Thank you.\" Hannah watched in the mirror as the assistant stepped back, leaving a gap for another one to fill. She pressed a fresh coffee cup into Hannah's grasp and handed her stylist the finishing touch for Meryl's attire. Hannah inhaled the coffee's delicious scent as her stylist carefully attached a nurse's hat to her head. After taking an invigorating sip, Hannah leaned forward and smiled with all the cheerfulness she'd spent years honing. Not a hair out of place. The woman staring back at her wasn't Hannah Gill anymore, but Meryl Burbank. \"Perfect,\" the stylist drawled, admiring her own work. Hannah stood up and finally turned away from the mirror, surveying the small throng of extras and crew. The extras were poised to head up the stairs, in the unlikely event that Truman would come calling- waiting for a cue that they'll never get- while the crew were hastily packing up their equipment. Truman rarely decided to go out on the weekend, so their exit would likely take place at nightfall. Poor shmucks. \"All right, Meryl,\" the assistant who'd read Hannah her itinerary said. \"Time to get back to your house before the hubby notices.\" Hannah didn't bother acknowledging him, already feeling the eyes of the invisible cameras upon her. Soon she'd be in the kitchen, millions of viewers around the globe tuning in to watch her make breakfast, and Day 10,912 of The Truman Show would begin. The day's events began exactly as planned. Hannah struck a few surreptitious poses as she cooked breakfast, practically hearing the show's voiceover entreating the viewing audience to call in and place an order. Truman ended up getting to the Motion Bran™ before she could, but Hannah was able to chirp a spontaneous advertisement anyway. \"Oh, that Motion Bran™ is great, honey. It's high in fiber, low in sugar, and the perfect addition to a balanced breakfast!\" Truman smiled wanly into the bottom of his bowl. \"It sure is.\" The elevator line went over smoothly too- Truman swallowed it along with his daily vitamins. It was difficult to keep a satisfied grin from cracking Hannah's façade, although of course professionals never allowed such things to happen. Just yesterday, the crew had been worried sick that Truman might be catching on, that he was becoming self-aware, but thanks to a word from none other than Hannah, the elevator incident had faded into nothingness. No one could have done it better. \"Anyway, I have an amputation on one of the young women who was in that elevator. She's very young. It's very sad.\" That was good, showing sympathy for the patient. It would definitely touch the viewers' hearts. \"Anyway, uh… wish me luck.\" She was halfway out the door when Truman replied, \"I'll cross my fingers for ya.\" For a just a slim, short second, Hannah paused. Not long enough to sacrifice the fourth wall, and not long enough for Truman to notice. At least, she didn't think he noticed. But the words caught her by the heel. What's that supposed to mean? Then, in just as brief a moment, Hannah recovered herself. Silly. There's nothing wrong. Inevitably her mind had drifted to the crossed-fingers wedding day scandal that Entertainment Weekly had made so much about. It was a wonder people were still talking about it, mostly due to the show's home video releases. They're just jealous, that's all. And all that nonsense had nothing to do with her. She was Meryl now, on her way to work, and Truman had no reason to suspect her of anything. He lacked access to those gossip rags and the trash they printed. Real-life hospitals made Hannah's skin crawl, but the one on set was her sanctuary. Deep within its walls, past the receptionists and fake patients and paramedics constantly wheeling stretchers from room to room, Hannah was able to relax and be herself, because the cameras only followed Truman. In the early days, there hadn't been much to do besides chat with the extras. As per Christof's rule of authenticity, nothing could be found in the hospital that wouldn't ordinarily be in one, even though the interiors were rarely shown on TV. However, as Meryl's role expanded and Hannah began receiving attention from the press, she'd eventually cajoled Christof into setting aside a room for her so-called exterior endeavors . After all, hospitals in the real world certainly had tables and telephones. Upon settling in, Hannah eagerly dove into the usual parade of business deals and interviews. If she was being honest, it was a work she found more gratifying than her role as Meryl Burbank. Maybe Hannah Gill wasn't the richest woman in the world- not yet- but she'd be damned if she wasn't the busiest. By the time she'd finished responding to every message left overnight on her machine, the phone was ringing nonstop. \"You're misunderstanding me. I would be happy to host Saturday Night Live. But unless you figure out a way to get me to New York and back in one night, I don't care how much you're offering. Go talk to Christof about my vacation schedule, and then get back to me.\" \"I will level with you when you level with me . I've allowed the use of my likeness to promote your detergent, but the whole thing is worthless if you use my character's name. You can't expect me to believe that 'Hannah Gill' is not a recognizable figure! My name appears at the beginning of every single episode. Loyal viewers would know who I am, and I expect you to know me as well.\" \"If you want an interview, fine. If you want an endorsement- sure, I'll even endorse it. But if you're asking me to pose for Playboy, you are out of your ever-loving mind. My refusal to do such work played a major role in landing me a part on The Truman Show . Do you really expect me to start now? After seven years?\" Hannah was in the middle of negotiating a particularly tricky deal when a sharp beep sounded through her earpiece, interrupting the call. Great. What do the folks upstairs want? She hurriedly apologized to the caller- \"I have to take care of something\"- and hung up the phone. \"What is it?\" \"Meryl, you're needed in the operating room,\" came a familiar voice. Simeon, if she was remembering the name correctly. \"Truman's on his way to the hospital.\" Hannah jolted to her feet, thoroughly bewildered. Truman? At the hospital? He hadn't visited her here since the first year of their marriage, and that had only ever been on weekdays, during his lunch break. What on earth was the matter with him? \"Can't you stall him?\" she demanded to the unseen crew. \"Or… or redirect him.\" Simeon's voice was tight. \"We'll try everything we can. Stand by for now.\" Sighing, Hannah gave the table before her a long-suffering stare. If this room had cameras, she would have been tempted to stick her tongue out at one, even though acknowledging the cameras when she wasn't with Truman was a dangerous habit to fall into. Dammit, why did Truman apparently want to be with her? Why right now? Was this another one of the strange tricks she'd been told he'd played yesterday, testing the limits of Seahaven's surveillance? It can't be… He couldn't have possibly figured out… \"Is it a medical emergency?\" Hannah asked as she pushed open the door to her conference room and strode through the whitewashed halls. If so, Truman was going to have a rude awakening coming here, where the doctors' only credentials were their resumes and headshots. \"Not that we know of,\" Simeon replied. \"Then what is he doing?\" Faces glanced up in surprise as Hannah burst through the doors of the operating room. Spying one extra with a handheld mirror, Hannah snatched it away and began to check her appearance. Not a hair out of place… but she wasn't content on the inside. \"We don't know,\" Simeon said, the tension in his voice strengthening. \"We'll inform you if he enters the hospital.\" Hannah just sighed and handed the mirror back to the extra. She couldn't believe this was happening. Weekends that she didn't have to spend with Truman were rare. By all rights she should still be in the conference room, accepting and denying various offers. I shouldn't be forced to see his face when I'm not being paid for it. Meanwhile, the news had spread that Truman was about to make an appearance at the hospital. The room began to fill with gentle, confused murmurs. \"What does he want?\" \"What are we supposed to do?\" \"Does this mean we're going to be on camera?\" It doesn't mean anything, Hannah wanted to snap. With luck, the Lunar Room crew would get Truman turned around. Just in case, she breathed deeply and tried to think peaceful thoughts. Perhaps if she came out to meet Truman, he would see that there was nothing of interest at the hospital, and head home… Her hopes were shattered when an extra came bursting onto the scene, stricken with panic. \"Everyone! Truman is here! He's on his way to see Meryl! I tried to tell him she was in pre-op, but he followed me!\" Hannah felt rather than saw all eyes turn to her. She stared right back, reminding herself that she was the only reason any of them were here. Well, the only reason besides Truman. \"All right,\" she said, brushing off her skirt. \"Where are the surgical masks?\" In no time a makeshift scene had been assembled. Extras were given the role of surgeon, patient, anesthesiologist. They had just covered up the assigned patient when a face hovered at the window, a face Hannah knew all too well. Fortunately she was able to remain calm enough not to acknowledge Truman's presence. \"Scalpel,\" the assigned surgeon said, in a tone that just barely concealed his anxiety. Hannah turned, slowly and deliberately, to retrieve it. She wondered irrationally if Truman could hear them talking, though she was sure the window's glass was thick enough to prevent him. The surgeon took the scalpel and began to lower it. \"I am now making my primary incision… just above the right knee…\" As he inched closer, Hannah had the desire to rip the scalpel from his hand and do it herself. He certainly wasn't giving an Emmy-winning performance. Get on with it… Truman is watching… A metallic clatter of equipment jolted everyone in the room- including the supposedly unconscious patient. God, they were all blowing it. Was Hannah the only person with any amount of composure in this building? \"Nicely done,\" she murmured, pretending to inspect the incision. \"Very good. It's just beautiful.\" Out of the corner of her eye, she saw someone pull down the window cover, blocking Truman's view, and her insides unknotted. \"Beautiful job.\"' \"Well,\" the surgeon said, clearly relieved that he didn't have to continue the \"operation.\" \"I'll just let someone else tidy up here.\" \"That was a close call,\" the extra who'd warned them about Truman said, removing her mask. Hannah instantly gestured for her to put it back on. \"You don't know if he's left!\" she hissed. \"We're not off the hook yet!\" It was several moments before a man out in the hallway popped his head through the door and gave the all-clear. Tension dissipated from the room, the extras' chatter picking up right where it had left off. Hannah, however, couldn't put the incident from her mind. She marched up to the woman who'd sounded the alarm, tapping her on the shoulder. \"Excuse me,\" she said. \"What did he come here for, anyway?\" The woman stared at Hannah, on the verge of gawking, as if star-struck. Well, maybe the woman was a recent addition to the cast- Hannah had never met her before. She warmed to the woman, satisfied that her face still provoked awe. The reply she received, however, did not put her at ease. \"Um… he told me he was going to Fiji, and he'd call you when he got there.\" Fiji? It wasn't surprising- Truman had been talking for years now about going to Fiji- but Hannah had never expected him to take the initiative. Usually she was there to talk him out of such nonsense. She thanked the woman and turned away, her mind whirling through various options. It was clear that Truman had entered a rebellious phase. He'd spent so much time as a goody-goody suckup that he'd delayed the natural progression of teenager to adulthood. He wanted to go to Fiji, and clearly wouldn't wait for the show's crew to work out their elaborate plan for an upcoming vacation episode. In short, Truman had changed, and in the world of The Truman Show, change was never good. And it was up to Hannah to pull Truman back from the brink and set his feet back on the right path. Fiji... By the end of her day at the hospital, Hannah hadn't received any information regarding Truman's whereabouts, so she silently concluded that he must still be at home. Of course. The crew would never let him get away from Seahaven for even a second. Yet her chest was tight as she rode her bike home, for reasons she knew not. She concentrated most of the way on recalling Meryl's character- loving, kind, cheerful. Got to be in a good mood to greet Truman when you get back... When Hannah pulled up at her driveway, she noticed the next-door neighbor, Spencer, standing in his yard with his trashcan-cam angled towards their parked car. Her heart sank. Was Trumanin there? There was no reason to film the car otherwise… \"Truman?\" Hannah leaned over the passenger's side, a prepared smile already on her face. She was rewarded with the sight of Truman, staring out the windshield as if in a trance. What hell's he doing? Forcing down her irritation, she opened the car door. \"Honey, are you okay?\" Without meeting her eyes or even turning his head towards her, Truman gestured for Hannah to join him. \"Get in!\" His eyes were glassy, as if he'd been driven to profound distraction. Obediently Hannah hopped into the car and shut the door behind her. \"Truman!\" At last Truman glanced at Hannah, but he didn't seem to truly see her. A dangerous sort of half-smile played around his lips, as if he was in on a huge secret that no one else was. \"Look!\" he whispered. Hannah looked, first out the windshield and then in the rearview mirror, but she saw nothing out of the ordinary. She attempted to laugh it off, but Truman immediately shushed her, holding up one finger. \"I predict,\" he whispered, \"that in just a moment, we will see a lady on a red bike, followed by a man with flowers, and a Volkswagen Beetle with a dented fender.\" \" Truman,\" Hannah scoffed, in Meryl's trademark isn't my husband so silly voice. \"Please…\" She reached for the door handle, but Truman grabbed her and pulled her back. \" Look.\" His voice was as firm as the grip on her arm. Surprise seeped through Hannah. Truman was nothing if not a gentle man (though not always a gentleman). He'd never so much as raised his voice at her before. And now he was giving Hannah one of his wide, zany smiles that always drove her crazy, but something told her he wasn't happy at all. She almost forgot to look until Truman returned his gaze to the rearview mirror. He gasped in mock surprise as a woman rode her bike down the street behind them. \"Lady…\" Next came the man, as expected. Truman pointed to him. \" Flowers. And…\" Hannah joined in, playing along. \"And…?\" For god's sake, if those extras knew what was good for them they'd stop the cycle right then and there. It was to be hoped that Hannah could dissuade Truman if they didn't. For a second it appeared that the extras had heard her thoughts, because the street remained clear. Truman's gaze flickered as he grew unsure, and Hannah adopted a chiding tone. \"Truman, this is silly-\" \"THERE IT IS!\" Truman shouted. \"THERE IT IS! THERE'S THAT DENTED BEETLE! YES!\" He broke into a cry of victory like he'd just beaten Hannah and Marlon in a best-two-out-of-three round of Go Fish, which was bad enough then, but in close quarters it raked across Hannah like a dozen needles. She forced a laugh that sounded halfway genuine, and Truman joined in, though he didn't seem settled enough for Hannah to drop her guard. Eventually Truman's smile vanished. \"D'you wanna know how I did that?\" Hannah affected a dumb Meryl smile, and Truman leaned in. \"I'll tell ya. They're on a loop. They go around the block. They come back. They go around again.\" He struck a goofy tone, but it wasn't like the Truman Hannah knew at all. \"They just go 'round and 'round. 'Round and 'round…\" Those goddamn extras! The only option now was to divert and distract, and maybe toss in a sales pitch at the same time. And fortunately, Hannah knew exactly what to say. \"You know, I invited Rita and Marlon for a barbecue on Sunday-\" \"I won't be here Sunday,\" Truman protested. Nonetheless, Hannah diligently proceeded with her lines. \"I'm going to make my potato salad, and I need you to remind me that we need more charcoal.\" She was about to work up to mentioning Ignite™, but Truman abruptly lashed out. \"Are you listening to a word I'm saying?\" Hannah would have preferred to continue with her diversion, but there was a strange sort of hunger in Truman's eyes, a wordless plea for understanding. Taken aback, she let her smile dim slightly. Reciting from the script hadn't worked… It was time for a different tact. Give in, to a point. \"You're upset because you want to go to Fiji, is that it?\" Now it was Truman's turn to look slightly taken aback. Perhaps he hadn't expected Hannah to attack the matter directly, instead of beating around the bush. While he was thinking, Hannah launched another false acquiescence. \"Okay. Okay, go! I think you should save for a few months, and then go! There! You happy now?\" Maybe he was, maybe he wasn't, but really, how else could she convince him? \"I'm gonna go take a shower.\" Hannah turned to the door, mere seconds before it locked. What? Confused, Hannah looked to Truman, to find him staring at her with an oddly-relaxed look on his face. \"Let's go now.\" He gripped the steering wheel, ignoring Hannah's baffled giggle and protest. \"I'm ready to go now, why wait? Early bird gathers no moss, rolling stone catches the worm, RIGHT?\" Had Truman gone off the deep end? Hannah was helpless to do anything but laugh. Her stomach lurched as Truman backed out of the driveway at a speed too fast for her liking. \"Truman! What are you doing?\" He didn't answer, only shifted the gear and sped off. By the time the police escorted the Burbanks back to their home, Hannah was only aware of three things. First off, if the extra who'd addressed Truman by name wasn't fired on the spot, there was no justice in the world. Secondly, she had no desire to get in a car with Truman ever again. And lastly, she hadn't yet managed to fulfill her product quota for the day. There was still that pesky hot chocolate and charcoal to name-drop. Truman's weird, uncharacteristic distance was no tonic for Hannah's nerves. He'd been silent the entire drive back, as if his manic energy from earlier had been all that kept him on his feet. Hannah could only pray that he wasn't preoccupied with that damn extra's slip of the tongue, or anything else he might have accidentally noticed today, but a sinking feeling told her otherwise. Loathe as she was to admit it, Truman was a smart man. And he wasn't one to let such an incident go. Unless someone said something soon to convince him to set aside his doubts, the show's trajectory would be jeopardized. Now that they were alone together, Hannah knew the duty fell on her shoulders. Not only was the world watching, but the crew in the Lunar Room was watching too, ready to whisk her off the show at the first misstep. Well, she'd give it her all. No one could say she hadn't tried. Even though she was in no mood to play Meryl. \"Let me get you some help, Truman,\" Hannah began once she'd bid the police officers farewell at the door. Leaning against the kitchen counter, she easily affected a tone that was equal parts concerned, nervous, and soothing. At least the first two qualities didn't require much acting. \"You're not well.\" Truman spoke as if he hadn't heard Hannah, his weary eyes fixed on the floor. \"Why do you want to have a baby with me? You can't stand me.\" A burst of heat flashed through Hannah. If she hadn't been so committed to the character, her cynicism might have gotten the best of her. Because it's my job, of course. Because they'll probably triple my bonus with every pound I pack on. Because if the birth goes well, I'll be revered around the world. And besides, it's my only chance to have a kid at this point. But as Meryl, the question cut deep. \"That's not true!\" Indignance etched itself across Hannah's face. In a way, regardless of what she might think of Truman off-camera… it wasn't true . Why else would she have stuck with the show for so long? Why else would she turn a blind eye every time she knew Truman was down in the basement, moping over that Sylvia girl? Why else would she bother to bring him gifts almost every day, no matter what product needed plugging? Can't stand you? I put my entire career on hold for your sake, and THIS is the thanks I get? That reminded her, though. The day was almost over, and Hannah hadn't put in a good word for Mococoa™ or Ignite™ yet. Shit. Surely the producers would forgive her if she saved Ignite™ for the barbecue the next day, but they wouldn't be happy with only two out of four. Hannah turned, conveniently spotting the container of Mococoa™ on the counter. She picked it up. Truman hadn't given her the best opening, but she had no other choice. At any rate it might calm him down. \"Why don't you let me fix you some of this new Mococoa™ drink? All natural cocoa beans from the upper slopes of Mt. Nicaragua, no artificial sweeteners!\" At first Hannah wasn't aware that she'd made a misstep, but Truman's eyes widened. \"What the hell are you talking about?\" He glanced over his shoulder, and Hannah went cold, imagining for a split second that he'd found one of the hidden cameras. \"Who ya talking to?\" \"I've tasted other cocoas,\" Hannah pressed on, entreating Truman with a smile that was beginning to falter. \"This is the best!\" \"What the hell does this have to do with anything?\" Truman rose from his seat and advanced upon Hannah, wearing the same wild look he'd displayed in the car earlier. \"Tell me what's happening!\" Hannah her eyes, Truman was turning into the madman who'd taken her on a reckless joyride through fire and a nuclear meltdown. He'd showed little concern for himself then, and even less for Hannah. There was no guarantee he'd heed her now. What would Meryl Burbank do? Attempt to defuse the situation, that's what. Hannah fought for composure, but Truman's proximity unnerved her, causing her voice to waver. \"You're having a nervous breakdown, that's what's happening!\" Truman's face screwed up as he pointed an accusatory finger at Hannah. \"You're part of this, aren't you?\" Part of what? Meryl would have blabbered, pulling out all the stops in order to recover from her MococoaTM faux pas. Hannah, however, was just desperate to end the confrontation and get this man away from her. Her back to the counter, she suddenly lit upon the perfect item with which to do so- her Chef's PalTM. \"Truman!\" Hannah brandished the Chef's PalTM, and Truman gasped. \"Meryl!\" \"You. Are. Scaring me!\" Funny how she didn't even have to act anymore. Meryl would be equally terrified to see her beloved husband turn on her like this. Hannah wasn't sure how Truman would react, but her outburst didn't deter him. An intense look filled his eyes, much different from his gleeful mania in the car. He regarded her coldly, as if he was fed up with everything about her. \"You're scaring me, Meryl.\" Truman's voice was soft as he moved forward. \"What are you gonna do? Dice me?\" He lunged for the counter, and Hannah jumped again. \"Slice me, or peel me? There's so. Many. CHOICES!\" Hannah cried out as Truman grabbed her by the arm and yanked her towards him, his grip locking around her neck. Was the Lunar Room crew going to let her die on-air? For heaven's sake… \"DO SOMETHING!\" It wasn't until Truman had wrested the Chef's Pal™ out of Hannah's grip that Hannah realized she'd said something terribly wrong. Once the fear of having her life threatened in front of millions of TV viewers had drained away, Hannah was left hopping mad. The instant Marlon pulled out of the driveway with Truman in tow, Hannah raced back to the kitchen and stared up at one of the hidden cameras. \"Christof! Christof, I know you're there!\" For a few seconds, there was no reply, but then Simeon's voice carried through her earpiece. \"What is it, Meryl?\" Meryl. God, Hannah was getting sick of being called that. \"Where's Christof? I need to speak with him, now!\" \"He's unavailable,\" came Simeon's bland reply. \"I should be too, for that matter. We've decided to push the reunion forward to tonight.\" The reunion… Hannah's curiosity was momentarily piqued. Ever since the actor who'd played Truman's father had broken onto the set, talk had flown between cast and crew suggesting a possible reunion storyline, where Truman discovered his father was alive. Up until now, Hannah hadn't believed they would do it, much less so soon. However, the news was hardly sufficient as a distraction from her anger. \"Listen, Simeon. I've heard of suffering for your art, but this just about takes the cake! I am not going back on set with Truman unless you can assure me that an incident like tonight's will never happen again.\" She heard Simeon exhale noisily. \"Well, Meryl, as I see it there's two options. One, you can wait where you are until Truman comes home. After the reunion, a little marital strife should be the last thing on his mind.\" Quickly he added, before Hannah could get a word in, \"Of course, there's no guarantee that it will. Which leaves you with the second option.\" \"Yeah?\" Hannah knew exactly what was coming, but she played along, interested to see how Simeon would phrase it. \"Our new season begins in two months,\" Simeon began. \"We don't want to write you out of the show, Meryl. We all understand how crucial your role is.\" Yeah, right, Hannah thought. Undoubtedly Simeon was referring to her agreement to conceive and bear Truman's child, in the name of entertainment. You could pick up any girl off the street who's willing to do that. It seemed the folks upstairs only ever referenced her business success when they wanted to stroke her ego. \"However,\" Simeon continued, \"you're still free to cancel your contract at any time. The last thing we want is to put unnecessary stress on one of our actors.\" He paused, then added in a steely tone: \"Especially an actor who breaks character on camera.\" So there it is. Hannah swallowed hard, keeping her simmering anger in check. She refused to react visibly to Simeon's words. Whether or not she wanted to, she was poised to receive the boot because of some stupid slip of the tongue. And good luck finding work after this. No part that Hannah could possibly land would compare to all the time and effort she'd put into this one. The Truman Show loomed large over all else. However, the thought of facing Truman again sent a shudder up Hannah's spine. The man had obviously snapped. Sure, meeting his father might sate him, but who was to say he wouldn't suddenly confront her again in a week's time? Who was to say Hannah would escape unscathed? Slowly, Hannah's anger dissolved. The benefits of leaving the show surely outweighed its downsides. Even without her acting job, or her conference room and business deals, she was famous, and that was worth the world. \"All right,\" Hannah said. \"In that case, I won't be renewing my contract.\" \"Okay, Hannah.\" Simeon didn't sound surprised. \"Christof will be in touch as soon as he can to discuss your character's dismissal. We're sorry to see you go.\" Hannah only shrugged and turned away from the camera. She sat down at the kitchen table, breathing a long sigh of relief. After seven years, her life's work was over. And good riddance. If Christof knew what was good for him, he'd send over a car to take her off the set that very night. ","Summary":" Plenty of lovers slipped away from their partner's bed at the crack of dawn, but rarely when said p"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Perfectly Fake","Author":"Ghanaperu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8596051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N - I just watched this movie the other night, and I thought that Marlon really seemed to struggle with saying those lines to Truman, and then this plot bunny was born! This isn't really a story - it's more of a one-shot look at Marlon's thoughts. It probably won't make much sense if you haven't seen the movie recently or know it really well. Disclaimer - I do not own anything. Never have, never will. Marlon My next words are fed to me through my hidden earpiece, and for one flash of a moment, I cannot say them. He is going to find out the truth someday, and these words will break him. How can I do it? He looks over at me, tears threatening to spill over, pleading with his eyes for truth. He trusts me. And it is then I realize why Cristofer wants me to say it – it is to break me, not Truman. Because if I say these words to him, our friendship will be ruined when he finds out. This is the last step I can take before I utterly destroy our friendship. And though it is technically staged, I honestly think of it as real. It is real to me. I have been here since I was seven – it couldn't get any more real for me. But if I don't say this now, it's all over. I'll be fired, he'll find out, and hate me anyway for all the past pretense. And my throat squeezes shut, but I whisper them anyway. It is too late now to back out. \"The last thing I would do is lie to you.\" And the relief in his eyes threatens to crush me. I look down, blinking away regret, trying not to ruin everything, and the next line comes through. I force myself to choke it out, my self-loathing growing. \"If everyone was 'in on it', then I would have to be 'in on it.' There is no 'it'.\" And he believes me, and leaves – going home to his perfectly fake life. I sit alone when he has gone, the cameras gone with him. Cameras I know of, and assist with. No one is watching me, with the star gone. I am only the best friend, after all. So I break down and cry. I cry for what they have made me give, but more for what they have made me take. His hope. Why do I do it? Louis They all cheer when he walks out, all except me. I pull out my earpiece and throw it to the ground and walk away. All the way across the bridge, down the road to the edge of the dome, and then I open the door and walk out. I keep walking, past real people going real places on real errands, keep walking until someone sees me. \"Hey! You're Marlon, from that TV show, right?\" \"No.\" I say, abruptly rude and firm. He raises his eyebrows and walks away, and I stumble into a real alley, with no cameras, and cry. Marlon is no more, and can therefore no longer be the best friend of Truman. I didn't deserve him anyway, lying like I did. But I'm gonna miss him. Me - Louis. And I hold on to the faint hope that maybe, someday, he'll miss me too. ","Summary":" A/N - I just watched this movie the other night, and I thought that Marlon really seemed to struggl"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Budget Cuts","Author":"Charles Deane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9517878","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Truman and Marlon are sitting on a park bench late one evening having a conversation. Little does Truman know that Christof, the executive producer of The Truman Show , is telling Marlon exactly what to say as this is an especially precarious situation. Christof has been forced to undergo severe budget cuts to The Truman Show and Truman is getting suspicious of the world around him. \"Marlon, can I ask you something?\" Truman asks. \"Sure. Anything, Truman. You know I'm here for you.\" Marlon says repeating everything Christof is saying into his earpiece. \"Well, I can't help but think that the strange things that have been happening aren't completely natural. I don't know how to explain it. I mean, why is the sun out only two hours a day now? I mean all this scientific mumbo-jumbo they're telling us doesn't add up. And I mean it's not like god has an electricity bill to pay right?\" Truman says chuckling. \"Yeah, that would be crazy.\" Marlon says uneasily. \"And also, half the town is gone. Just vanished. It's like they've all just been fired at a company going out of business. And the moment I started to ask around about it the news labelled it as the second coming of the bubonic plague. The airport is closed. All the bridges have since been closed. How on earth could the bubonic plague have gotten here?\" Truman asked. \"Well,\" Marlon said repeating Christof's frantic explanation, \"Maybe it went airborne.\" \"Why is no one at the hospital then?\" Truman asks quickly. \"I don't know, Truman.\" Marlon says. Truman and Marlon remain quiet for a while sitting and gazing skyward. \"Wait a second,\" Trumans says, \"Where are all the cars?\" \"Well it's nighttime, Truman.\" \"Well its nighttime 22 hours a day now. That's no excuse. Where are all the cars? I mean shouldn't they be in the driveways of all the houses?\" \"Maybe they sold them. Can't be too careful, Truman. Money is important in these troubled times.\" \"This is bullshit.\" Truman says. \"Truman! There are kids watching!\" Marlon yells. \"What?\" Truman asks. \"What! I'm fired! Well fuck you, Christof! Suck my balls!\" Marlon yells. Truman looks especially scared. \"Marlon, what the hell are you doing!?\" Suddenly a booming voice appears from the sky. \"Truman! He has the bubonic plague! Get out of there! This is your conscience!\" Truman then pulls out a hand gun and points it to his head. \"This world is not real.\" Truman says. He then pulls the trigger blowing half of his head onto the pavement in front of the entire world on international television. ","Summary":" Truman and Marlon are sitting on a park bench late one evening having a conversation. Little does T"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The death of Truman Burbank","Author":"El loopy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10340431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Death of Truman Burbank ' It had once been said of Truman Burbank that he couldn't be allowed to die on live television, to which the response had been, \"Why not? He was born on live television.\" Truman had been born for television. He had been raised on live television with the world watching him as he grew. Many say that you cannot escape destiny, no matter how hard you try. Many say it would only be fitting for someone born on live television to die on it. The other half of the many would say it was simply bad luck, entirely a coincidence that Truman happened to be one of the people in the bank. Conspiracy theories were whispered of course, but if the 'creator' had planned and directed Truman's death he would have done it more elegantly, more neatly, and a whole lot better scripted…at least that's what he claimed. \"A more singular death for a most singular person. Truman deserved a death of the heroic type, the only one to die in that instant of time so that he could have the sole spotlight. Truman was born for a death that the camera could zoom in on his face and the entire world could hear his last words. Mass slaughter was never his style.\" The bank hostage affair was watched world wide the moment it came to light that Truman Burbank was one of the fourteen hostages inside. The streets around were crowded with people as everyone in the neighbourhood swarmed to the scene and strained against police barriers. Negotiations were being made but not quickly enough. Gun shots were heard and the media scrambled to discover whether Truman were still alive. It was as if a hush fell over the world as everyone waited with held breath to see the fate of the legendary TV star. It was as if a piece of everyone's life died when a grim-faced official announced that the gunman had shot as many hostages as he could before putting a bullet in his own head. It was with a heavy voice he stated that Truman Burbank was among the deceased, and so the final scenes in the life of an epic movie star ended…' Sylvia snapped off the documentary and threw down the remote, glaring daggers at the blank screen. When would the wretched programmes end? Swiping away the tears from her cheeks she found herself making her way again to her bedside table, as she had countless times in the last couple of weeks. The drawer slid open effortlessly and the envelope was sitting there waiting – her name and address scrawled on the front. The edge were creased from Truman's pocket, where it had been discovered after the shooting, and worn from handling. Though she could recite it by heart Sylvia slipped the letter from its case and read again the words. My dearest Sylvia, Three years has not been a long time has it? And yet it looks as though our time together is about to be cut short. You were my shining light and inspiration that encouraged me to break out from the world I was imprisoned in and the thought that I may yet see you holds me together now. I want you to keep shining and fighting always. Don't let the outcome of this tarnish that sparkle. I love you my Sylvia. I had hoped to say that to you for a long time yet, but its no longer in my hands. May this \"I love you\" be eternal and everlasting. So in case I don't see you – for every day you live – good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. Truman Sylvia placed the letter back down and smiled through her tears. The media knew nothing about Truman. It wasn't for him to have his final words broadcast live, but rather to write them to the love he loved. Sylvia lay back on the bed and shut her eyes. His last words were for her and her alone and no one would ever know they existed except her. ","Summary":" The Death of Truman Burbank ' It had once been said of Truman Burbank that he couldn't be allowed t"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Pluie","Author":"YuukiKoala","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8371044","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre de la fanfic : Pluie Auteur de la fanfic : Yuuki Seijaku ou Disclaimer : Truman Show appartient à ses réalisateurs, et Jim Carrey à lui même Genre de la fanfic : Humour Couple : Aucun Note : Cette fic à a été écris durant une nuit de drabble/ficclet organisé par ma sœur, et le thème était « Il pleut encore ». Je tiens à préciser que j'ai écrit de mémoire. Truman vivait dans un monde artificiel qu'on lui avait crée. Il ne le savait pas, et ne se rendait compte de rien, vu qu'il avait toujours été habitué par ça finalement. Et il s'en portait bien, dans son ignorance. Puis, il découvrit des choses sur la vérité. Le jour où il regardait la mer, en se ressassant les souvenirs du passé et de sa peur de l'eau causé par la perte de son père, une chose le troubla. Il pleuvait sur lui. Mais vraiment. Il faisait un pas à gauche, et hop, il pleuvait encore sur lui et pas ailleurs. En même temps, faut être stupide pour ne mettre de la pluie qu'à un certain endroit. C'est pas comme ça qu'on va leurrer quelqu'un. Depuis, quand Truman regarde la pluie dans le vrai monde, il vérifie toujours que celle-ci ne le suit pas, sait-on jamais Fin ","Summary":" Titre de la fanfic : Pluie Auteur de la fanfic : Yuuki Seijaku ou Disclaimer : Truman Show appartie"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The True Man","Author":"Jes.ter.95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12673038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The True Man Christof was working meticulously to organize every tiny detail of his set, from the real-life candy bars used by Marlon to stock vending machines, to the perfectly orchestrated conditions of the climate, all the way down to the actual money that filled every cash register in Sea Haven. Diligently, he dictated every component to ensure his set's ability to operate as a functioning society; a society that would be perceived as a utopia by the common eye. However, in the real world, not everything is predictable. Even Christof was unable to brace his impeccably planned set against the most chaotic, natural phenomenon in the United States' history. \"Truman, you're going to be late! We really need this job right now, so please hurry up, dear!\" Meryl hollers up the stairs as she vibrantly awaits his arrival. Positioned perfectly at the base of the stairs with a grin stretched across her face and his lunch in hand, the sunlight beams through the window and dances over her figure. It glistens over her popping red lipstick, through her beach blonde hair, and down to her manicured toes. Truman, in an effort to ensure his timeliness, scurries down the stairs in a rush. As he rounds the corner to face the base of the stairs, Truman is surprised by the eerily 'perfect' picture. \"Holy smokes, Meryl! You nearly gave me a heart attack!\" He yells. After regaining oxygen in his lungs, he giddily asks, \"Ooh! What's for lunch?!\" As if staring right into Truman's soul, well if his soul was planted right above his forehead, Meryl replies with excitement, \"Well honey, I made you your favorite! Stew topped with Kraft mozzarella cheese, the finest blends of pasteurized dairy to hit the market since 1909.\" Truman grabs his lunch from her hands, murmuring about how she thinks everything is his favorite, and continues out the door. Once outside, he climbs into his car to head for work. Truman shortly begins to realize there was no Mr. Spencer to greet him, no dog to maul him, and no neighbors to wish good afternoon, good evening, and goodnight to. He can't recall a day in the last decade during which this had occurred. Before Truman's mind can wander too far, a large metal cylinder falls from the sky and flies swiftly into the street. Its glass shatters onto the ground and its metal figure breaks in half. Truman slams on the brakes and curiously approaches it, finding the words \"SIRIUS (9 Canis Major)\" imprinted across the top. Truman thinks back to his childhood fascination with astrology and recalls \"Sirius\" as being one of his favorite and one of the brightest stars. As he looks to the sky, he begins questioning its authenticity. Looking around he notices traffic has come to a halt and people are exiting their vehicles. Alarms begin ringing out of the sky, noises foreign and unfamiliar to Truman. He begins to see herds of people running madly in the streets. Dogs are on the loose. Truman is awestruck. As he looks back to the sky in an adrenaline-rushed-daze, he sees his world begin to, literally, cave in. Objects fall and smash on the ground all around him, water begins to pour in from dark holes in the sky, he can hear the screams of families yelling wildly, two cars collide and one man's head droops down onto the horn, electrical sparks start spewing, cameras are dangling, and walls begin to give way to new walls. As chaos explodes around him and his head begins to spin from all of the confusion, Truman's eyes scan the devastation that surrounds him again and they settle on what remains of an unfamiliar sign reading \"Behind the scenes\". Before he can make since of what has happened, the streets begin to flood. Truman is paralyzed by shock and fear. He is encompassed by the endless cries for help as people all around him run rampant, but finds himself compelled by his deep fear of water to seek shelter. Alas, Truman notices a building nearby and dashes towards it. It's dark and damp, but Truman decides it's better than being outside. This was the first time in his life that he was left truly alone, the first time Truman had ever encountered this new concept of \"danger\", and the first time in a long time Truman was left to his thoughts. As he sat there playing over the scenes he had just witnessed, he mulled over in his head how much he disliked his life, how dead Meryl and his relationship was, how it seemed so fake, how their intimacy dwindled; how he hated his job, how every day seemed so monotonous, how he longed for adventure and experience, and most of all he thought about how much of a coward he had been. He thought about the car crash, and the screams. He thought about how he was too scared to help, and how he didn't help his dad either. Truman's heart cripples as his self-perception and life begin to crumble. His legs turn in, his hands cradle his head, and he lies there crying…crying…crying. Then, it stops. Truman's thoughts continued in his depression, like a rollercoaster he could not stop. Yet then, it hit him. No, not any falling objects. That everybody who lived in Sea Haven had not realized that they were living in a lie. They must have been feeling just as he did, right? \"I have to call my mom!\" He yells. He pulls out his phone from his briefcase, the one thing he had managed to hold onto throughout the escapade. As he dials the phone, each ring seems to drag on forever. \"Pick up, pick up, pick up! Mom, I can't lose you too!\" No answer. \"Maybe she's just with Meryl. Women cluster, right?\" He begins to try to call Meryl. No answer. \"Duh, Marlon would've taken them to safety. They're with him.\" He pleads with himself. He calls Marlon, but again the voicemail kicks on. Truman now believes his loved ones are in true danger. He vows to quit being a coward, and to get up and out! He musters up his bravery to go back outside. What Truman sees next causes his legs to go numb. The world in which he has always lived was 100% flipped upside down. Sea Haven had become a disaster. There are piles of debris consisting mostly of building scraps, liter, and camera parts. There are abandoned cars, fallen trees, water everywhere, and broken backdrops. There isn't a single person in sight, and to top it all off pieces of the sky lay shattered at his feet. \"Helllllllllooooooo?!\" He shouts. His echo answers. \"Is anybody out there? Can anybody hear me?!\" Silence follows Truman's laughs. \"I know you can hear me, I know you're listening, you're always listening!\" Truman's laughing continues. Truman walks throughout Sea Haven looking for any signs of life, but it appears everybody has left. \"Where did they all go? Where's my wife, my mom, Marlon? What did you do with them!\" Truman screams while his eyes remain fixed on the sky. As he explores further, Truman finds exit signs along with massive black tunnels that have a faint light toward the end. With his world dead and no signs of any other life, Truman climbs into the burrow and begins to walk. \"Singing! Yeah I'm sii-ing-inng! Because Mo-m-ma says that sii-ing-inng will make it all better.\" Truman's fearful that at any moment the hole will cave in too. Determined to find his friends and family, he keeps walking, keeps singing, and the faint light grows brighter. In fact, this kind of light is unlike anything Truman has seen before. Then, all of the sudden, a sky returns. Streets return. Clouds cover the full glory of the sun, but some rays of sunshine manage to wiggle through and cast a downward light onto Truman. He climbs out of the tunnel and makes his first step into the real world. \"Where am I?\" He ponders aloud. Immediately he witnesses more chaos. People are screaming and frantically scurrying around, just like in the set. This mirror image causes him to believe that the city he's currently in, Miami, is just as artificial as Sea Haven. He simply postulates that the set has not finished caving in yet. In turn, he takes the ongoing hurricane as a joke. \"Hey, mister! Get out of there, it's dangerous!\" A high pitched voice yells out from a distance. \"Haha, sure it is! I'm sure this is all so extremely dangerous! I'm sure water is something to be scared of, too, huh? I better go back?\" Truman chuckles. \"Oh, and those winds sure are hefty, nice job!\" Dismissing the man as a sarcastic lunatic, the girl scurries into a nearby shelter. \"Leave, leave like they all do!\" Truman shouts after her in anger. He realizes his fear of water was planted within him, consequently he rebels against this phobia by acting like water is not a credible threat. As the water builds rapidly, Truman stomps about the new found town looking for Marlon, Meryl, and his mother. He treats each pool of water like a five year old jumping into puddles. Until, of course, the bodies of water merge into a collected flood. Although Truman can't swim, he continues to giddily jump about in the water. A tree is uprooted and slams onto the hood of a car just feet away from Truman. \"Close call guys!\" Truman cackles. \"If you really want me to shit myself, try aiming it a little closer next time!\" The streets are now flooded knee high and winds are continuing to gust. Sand is being blown from the beaches, debris flies through the air, and a sign whizzes by Truman's ear. \"No, no, no, even closer! What are you, a bunch of noobs?\" He taunts. Truman continues his walk throughout the city. He notices that a semi is overturned, homes are smashed, buildings are left barely standing while exposing the wooden frames and interior of rooms, stray animals are everywhere, utility poles have fallen down, and hazardous electrical conditions are prominent. All the while, Truman maintains a menacing smirk. He hears a thunderous roar approach, the winds pick up, and rain continues to pour. Truman sticks out his arms, sticks out his tongue, and looks up to the sky. As he does this, he notices his face plastered upon a billboard that reads \"The Truman Show! Join director, Christof Harris, in Celebrating 29 consecutive years of filming!\" Truman stares in awe, trying to convince himself he is delusional. His own face stares back at him. Truman's tears begin to blend with the raindrops that streak his cheeks. He drags himself out of the flood, now realizing its inherit danger. However, at this point Truman has little care for life itself. Therefore, He doesn't bother seeking out shelter. Instead, he lies on a hill. Realizing that Sea Haven was a sham was nothing in comparison to realizing that all of his friends and family had deceived him for their own selfish gain. He had come to realize that everybody he had ever known was actors and he was, in fact, the center of a TV show since his birth. Somehow this is the life that some man he had never met before wished for him, and only him. He felt alone, abandoned, used, manipulated, and lied to. A new emotion overtook Truman's entire being. Vengeance. He wanted nothing more than to confront the man who created such a life for him, to tell him of the pain he caused, and for Christof to feel the same pain. Truman stood up and began walking toward his tunnel in hopes of returning to Sea Haven to find Christof. However, this journey was cut short when a tree branch soared into his skull rendering Truman unconscious. There was a faint humming paired with a low sounding bass that seemed to be growing louder and louder. The deep tones became higher pitched, and began to sound more like a human's voice. However, it sounded like this human must have been drunk, being that the words seemed to all slur together. Then the noise became distinct and easily understood. \"Truman, wake up. Truman! Wake. Up. That's it, buddy. Not too fast, now. That was quite a hit.\" Trina says as she points to the bandage on Truman's head. Truman opened his eyes, and was staring up at a group of four or five people wearing shirts that read \"Anti-Truman Show\". \"Where am I?\" Truman asks as he winces in pain. \"My name's Trina. This is my house, well, my basement. I figured you might wind up here. The hurricane that caused your set to..\" \"It's not my set. I never asked to be there\" Truman interrupts. \"Sorry, Truman. Trina's only trying to help explain. She didn't mean anything by it. Only that we suspected Christof wouldn't cut filming even in light of the apparent risks associated with the worst hurricane in history. We figured it would cause the set to crumble, and we figured you might have some trouble adjusting to the real world. It seems like we found you at just the right time.\" Bobby jokes with a hint of sarcasm in his voice. \"Christof? You know him?\" Replies Truman. \"Know him? Everybody knows him, he's the most famous person in the world next to you.\" \"I never asked for that, either.\" Truman whispers. He begins to sit up. \"That was quite a hit, I don't think you should be going anywhere for a while. At least until we can get you checked out at the hospital, but the streets are too flooded right now.\" \"Look, I really appreciate all of your help. I even like your shirts. Yet, this is a personal matter. Something I need to take care of. I don't even know if it's any safer in here than it is out there. I don't know you guys, and I don't have the best history with people taking my well-being into consideration. I can't expect to now. I don't know what's real from fake anymore, except this feeling I can't shake. I'm not letting him get away with what he did.\" \"Nobody expects you to. We've been fighting to get you out of there since you were born. Fighting peacefully. Even though it's not fair what he did to you, your life was real. You were real.\" \"Great, I'm real. I'm here. Living in a world that I never prepared for. I saw a dead dog today and thought it was just a prop. People screaming for help, and I thought they were actors. I saw flooding waters and jumped in. I refused to listen to a stranger who tried to warn me about very clear danger. I don't know how to live here, it's obvious. Nothing will ever seem real, not here.\" Truman proclaims as he stubbornly rises to his feet, refusing to heed their medical advice. Footsteps emerge and Sylvia chimes in, \"What about me, do I seem real?\" Truman remembered this voice. He heard it every night in his dreams. He heard footsteps approach, and then an all-too-familiar face appeared. \"Sylvia..it's, i..I thought you were in Fiji.\" Trina and the other Anti-Truman Show protesters leave the room. \"That wasn't my dad, I never went to Fiji like he said. He lied to you Truman. They all lied to you. I'm sure you know that, now.\" \"You didn't. You told me, on the beach. You were the only person to ever tell me the truth. I just didn't know how to listen. I didn't know it was all fairytale, but you tried to tell me. I know that, now, too.\" \"I never forgot about you, Truman, I fought for you every day. I started an entire political movement to try to help. I still couldn't save you from the pain he caused. But Truman, the moment you decide on seeking out vengeance is the moment you'll have to begin digging two graves. One for him, and one for you. I don't want to lose you again. Not to him, not again.\" \"To be honest, I haven't been able to think about Christof for a single second since I saw you. I would do anything to keep this moment alive. I dreamt about it too, but I didn't think..I didn't think this could really happen. Now I know it can, and I would never let that go. I'll never lose you again, Sylvia. But I also know that there are consequences to your actions, and Christof will be held responsible.\" \"I know. Trina! Bobby! Everybody, get in here!\" Sylvia hollered. \"Bobby joined our group about five years ago, he's a lawyer. Together, we've been working up a lawsuit that would be able to put Omnicam out of business for good. I knew you would make it out, Truman. It was just a matter of time. Now it's just up to you if you'd like to press charges. If everything goes as planned, Christof would go to jail for quite some time. Nobody would ever have to go through what you did, no child would be adopted by a corporation ever again. Your life, your heartbreak, it wasn't in vain. With the proceeds, you can live whatever life you want. Now you're in control, Truman.\" Silence overtook the room and the air hung heavy as Truman processed his option, until bluntly proposing, \"There's only one question on my mind. Are you ready to go to Fiji?\" ","Summary":" The True Man Christof was working meticulously to organize every tiny detail of his set, from the r"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Sylvia's Story","Author":"ThePreciousHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13017671","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sylvia sat with her legs crossed, her body rigid in order not to accidentally connect with the sleeping man in the seat beside her, and her ears full of the bus's low drone. She'd spent most of her trip staring out the window, and while the transition from rural scenery to an industrial city had been thrilling, the onset of traffic slowed the bus considerably, temporarily stalling Sylvia's excitement. She found it difficult to keep from impatiently tapping her toes and pinching herself that she was finally here in Los Angeles, ready to seek her fortune on the silver screen. To pass the time, Sylvia chose to review her guidelines, the rules she'd set for herself in starting her new career. She'd heard horror stories about how this town ate promising actors alive, how one could plunge from the top of the world to the bottom of the pit overnight. That wasn't going to happen to Sylvia- not if she could help it, anyway. First and foremost: No sleeping with producers or directors to guarantee a role. Young, upcoming actresses never had it easy, but Sylvia didn't care for the idea of debasing herself to smooth out her rocky path. If she ever landed a coveted role, it would have to be based on her talent alone, not because she'd styled herself as some lecherous filmmaker's plaything. Just as important was the second rule: Be yourself, because you have no one else to offer. Outside of acting, Sylvia saw no reason to deceive those around her into thinking she was cleverer, prettier, more talented than she actually was. Let's face it- she was green compared to many other hopefuls who'd flocked to LA, her biggest claims to fame being a series of local advertisements and a well-received turn as Laura Wingfield in a local production of The Glass Menagerie. Unless she found a way to continue her education while auditioning, Sylvia was sure to lose a few roles to those who were more experienced. But that didn't matter, as long as Sylvia was able to remain honest. If you land a major role, don't let fame go to your head. Remember where you came from. This was the easiest rule to follow by far. The idea of celebrity had never interested Sylvia. She couldn't deny that she'd be happy to live comfortably, but the instant recognition, fans mobbing her on the street, press junkets and gossiping in the tabloids about her every move- none of that was worth it. And finally: Don't doubt yourself. Keep moving forward. No matter what happened, Sylvia wasn't about to pack her bags and flee for home. Somewhere out there lay the perfect opportunity, and even if it took dozens of rejections Sylvia knew she would seize it when she found it. She'd made the major leap and traveled cross-country because not only had others believed she could make it, but she believed in herself. \"The camera loves you, Sylvia,\" her acting teacher had said, when she'd brought in a tape of one of the commercials she'd done to show her. \"You're a natural for the screen. Don't let anything stand in the way of that. If you've got the ability, you must use it.\" The bus lurched to a stop, jolting the man beside Sylvia to wakefulness. With her teacher's words still ringing in her ears, Sylvia retreated from her memories just as the bus's doors opened and its passengers began to stretch their weary limbs. \"Welcome to Los Angeles,\" the bus driver announced over the intercom. \"Enjoy your stay.\" \"Hi, is this Sylvia Redding?\" \"Yes.\" \"This is Maria from Paradise Pictures. We've reviewed your audition tape, and we've decided that you're not right for the part. However, if your schedule is free on Wednesday night, Mr. Burgess is willing to accept a private audition.\" Sylvia gritted her teeth. \"No thanks.\" She hung up the phone and stared at the wall, trying not to let the dejectedness well in her chest. After receiving numerous calls with similar messages, the pain no longer stemmed from being turned down, but from the lack of a secure future. I've got to make rent next month, and I can't afford to take on another job. Eva, Sylvia's roommate, was lounging in front of the TV with a cigarette when Sylvia stepped out of the kitchen. Her eyes immediately zeroed in on Sylvia's knit brow and troubled lips. \"Don't tell me. Another rejection?\" \"Right as usual.\" Sylvia went to sit in the easy chair beside the couch, grateful that Eva had angled her cigarette's smoke away from her. \"Oh, Sylvie.\" Eva tsked as she flipped through channels. \"What's it gonna take to get them to recognize your talent? You should have been hired, like, yesterday. Well, I guess if it was easy…\" \"…everyone would do it,\" Sylvia finished. She stared unhappily at the TV screen, longing for its warm glow to soothe her. \"Don't get me wrong. I'm not giving up. Not yet.\" \"And that's what we love about you,\" Eva giggled. She changed the channel one last time and gazed contented at the screen. \"You know, it you're really struggling, there's always… well, you know.\" \"What?\" In response, Eva nodded towards the TV. Sylvia followed the motion. Onscreen, a young man sat with his friend in a soda shop, the two playfully discussing their day at school. For the uninitiated, it could have easily been mistaken for a run-of-the-mill sitcom, but the mundanity of the conversation and the occasional unconventional camera angles gave it away. Sylvia's heart sank, but she masked the reaction with a laugh. \"If you think I'm auditioning for The Truman Show, you must be out of your mind.\" \"Hey, you're out of your mind if you don't audition,\" Eva said. \"Come on, Sylvie, it's your best bet. They just sent out a casting call for extras- need 'em to fill up space during school scenes or something. It's football season, you know. And he's in the band so he's gonna attend all the games. You need a big student body for that, otherwise it doesn't look good.\" Sylvia tore her gaze away from the men onscreen, to Eva's confident, sparkling eyes. \"Aren't they trying to cast his wife, too?\" \"Yeah, that call went out last week. The one for extras is new. Just think!\" Eva stubbed out her cigarette in the ashtray beside her, her eyes wide with excitement. \"If you audition now, you could be Mrs. Truman!\" Mrs. Truman Burbank. It sounded ridiculous to Sylvia, and more than a bit unpleasant. Slowly her gaze drifted back to the screen, Truman's unquestionable charm absorbing her attention. She knew who Truman was, of course. Anyone who didn't had to be living under a rock. In a way, Sylvia had grown up with him. Their birthdays were literally weeks apart, and when she was little she'd confused Truman celebrating on TV with a real surprise party held in her honor. She tended to use Truman and his day-to-day life as a reliable fallback whenever a conversation was starting falter. Lovely weather we're having, how's the job going, did you see what Truman's up to… However, as Sylvia grew older, she'd grown somewhat disillusioned with the show. The appeal had been there when she was a kid, to see someone just like her living the same kind of life and suffering the same struggles. But the show had fallen out of Sylvia's favor in her teens, around the time she'd taken up acting. Her theater work led her to cast a more critical eye. She'd come to the conclusion that a performance wherein the lead actor was not aware of its nature was no performance. That was a life she was watching, and not a particularly realistic one either, despite how it was touted in the press. The Truman Show was a production built on lies and thus wasn't worth Sylvia's time. Some took their opposition further. On her way to class one day, a fellow student had accosted Sylvia, clipboard in hand. \"Would you sign my petition to free Truman from The Truman Show?\" Sylvia had been taken aback, but as she didn't want to be late for class, she'd signed quickly and moved on. Not before the petitioner had pressed a pin into her hand, though. The bright red letters leapt out at her- HOW'S IT GOING TO END? Sylvia kept the pin because she liked the sentiment. Personally, although she disagreed with the concept of the show, she couldn't imagine it going off the air, or imagine a show without Truman. Whether one loved the show or hated it, it had always been there, to tune in or tune out at leisure. Truman existed in Seahaven, had always existed in Seahaven- Sylvia couldn't picture him thriving anywhere else. He was an ephemeral figure dancing across the TV screen, inhabiting a safe and limited world in which he could hardly want for anything. In short, cancelling The Truman Show seemed more trouble than it was worth. How could one petition affect such an earth-shattering change? How's it going to end? \"Why didn't you ever audition?\" Sylvia asked. Eva shrugged, her face screwing up. \"I did audition, but they didn't want me. Said I didn't fit the show's image or something. They've got a strict process about it. Run background checks. If they turn up anything that looks remotely suspicious, you're not getting the gig.\" She shook her head. \"But you, baby, you're spotless. You could get that job in a heartbeat if you wanted.\" \"I don't know,\" Sylvia murmured, more to herself than to Eva. \"I'll think about it, I guess.\" \"Well, if I were you, I'd do more than just think about it,\" Eva said. \"I heard the show pays really well. It's an easy way to make rent, plus it'll give you exposure worldwide. Everyone will know your face!\" Everyone will know your face… It was far from a tempting prospect. And if Sylvia lived on set, as she'd heard that many of the actors did on The Truman Show, she wouldn't even need to worry about rent. But then again, as an extra, she probably wouldn't need to be on set for long, just over the course of the school year. She'd be provided with free housing and nourishment, and amass a sizable chunk of money to help her along when she left the show. Plus, it would look good on her resume. \"Did you happen to save the information from the casting call?\" Sylvia asked. Eva laughed. \"I knew you'd cave.\" As it turned out, being an extra on The Truman Show was a great pile of nothing. Sylvia was called upon to do little more than walk through halls and across campus. Sometimes she was put in a lecture room if Truman left class to use the bathroom, just so he wouldn't see empty seats while walking by. Otherwise, her downtime- if it could be called that- was spent in the set's various hidden green rooms, always awaiting her next cue. It wasn't quite as freeing as Sylvia had expected, but she was making a living, so she couldn't complain. At night she slept in one of Seahaven's gutted, skeletal houses, and every morning greeted a team of stylists who selected her outfit and makeup. But for what?, Sylvia found herself wondering as she made her way to Seahaven College, clutching the cast's provided textbooks to her chest. It's not like anyone's supposed to notice me. \"Being noticed isn't the point,\" one of her fellow extras declared when Sylvia mentioned her thoughts one afternoon. He'd said to call him Bobby, but Sylvia wasn't sure if that was his real name. \"It's an honor just to be on the show. I mean, I've been watching it since I was a kid. My mom used to buy all the products that his parents used, and my friends and I quoted it all the time on the playground. I guess Truman's pretty much my hero. This is a dream come true for me.\" Sylvia nodded, remembering the Truman Show- themed parties she'd been invited to as a kid. She'd noticed that nearly all men who grew up watching the show claimed that Truman was their hero, but their behavior rarely gave her evidence to support that. \"Have you ever been in class with him?\" Over the first week, Sylvia had become acquainted with most of the college-age extras, who shared her schedule, but Bobby flitted in and out, leading her to believe that he'd been cast to play a bigger role. Bobby nodded. \"Yeah, it's a real trip. Like, I can forget he's there when we're listening to the professor, but then she calls on him and… wow. That's Truman Burbank! 'Course I'm not allowed to talk to him, though. I'm surprised they shuffled me in with him considering how I'm a fan; they don't usually let that happen.\" Though Bobby spoke nonchalantly, he radiated pride, clearly figuring he deserved such a lucky break. \"On the plus side, I caught a glimpse of his future wife. Well… wives.\" \"Wives?\" Sylvia grinned. \"Wouldn't polygamy hurt the ratings?\" Bobby rolled his eyes. \"Come on, you must have heard about it. There's five of them total. They want Truman to choose between 'em, you know, to keep the fans interested. Have them fighting over who should end up with him.\" He laughed. \"If you ask me, it's going to be a hard time picking just one. That Meryl Babbitt, she's a looker… but so's Audrey Pulaski…\" Eva's voice sounded in Sylvia's head: You could be MRS. Truman! And at once Sylvia was very glad she hadn't auditioned to be just that. Perhaps it was fine to spend several months on the show, but she couldn't imagine giving up her life so wholly in the name of entertainment. If Truman knew about the show, would he feel the same way? During her first week on set, Sylvia only saw the titular star once, in the distance on the way to his next class. Even though his back was to her and they were separated by a steady flow of extras, a shiver went up her spine. The reaction thoroughly surprised her. Me, starstruck over Truman Burbank? But it wasn't so much that, as it was the realization that she now inhabited his liminal world. While Sylvia went off to wait for cues and receive makeup touch-ups, Truman continued to go about his day in the hapless belief that this was all real. But it's not. She couldn't say she didn't feel the least bit sorry for him. The day that changed Sylvia's life was the day of the semester's first football game. As Eva had predicted, all extras were out in full force. It was the first day on set that Sylvia felt entirely at ease. Sitting under a tree and soaking up Seahaven's false sunlight, watching the home and rival teams head for the field and listening to the band discordantly warming up, Sylvia could have believed that she was back home in Boston, ready to cheer her alma mater on. Except, of course, that Seahaven was a lot warmer this time of year. Even the rehearsed dialogue between herself and the people around her felt natural. An enthusiastic trumpet solo turned Sylvia's attention onto the band. To her astonishment (though she knew they were in the band, so why was she taken aback?), the person playing it was none other than Truman's best friend Marlon. Beside him stood Truman himself. Makes sense, the two are inseparable. Marlon had been the one to convince Truman to join the band after all. As an auxiliary percussionist, Truman didn't have his instrument on hand, so his gaze swept the throng of gathered extras… and landed on Sylvia. Sylvia couldn't help but stare back. It was the first time she'd seen Truman's face outside of the TV screen. He seemed every bit as gentle and warm in person as he came across on the show. Well of course, he doesn't know he's playing a role. She waited for him to look away, but remarkably, Truman remained fixated on her. A soft smile lit his face, and unthinkingly, Sylvia smiled back. Then Marlon interrupted the moment, apparently feeling that his solo had gone underappreciated. His distraction brought Sylvia back to her knowledge of herself. She glanced away, hoping that her face wasn't burning. All extras were told not to engage Truman's attention, to ignore him if possible. Not only were they not contracted for speaking roles, but Sylvia suspected most were inexperienced like her and were unlikely to hold a believable conversation. Besides, she remembered being told during her briefing before entering the set, the show's not about you, it's about Truman. However, when Sylvia next glanced over, she was amazed to see Truman gesturing as if he wanted her to join him. HE must want the show to be about me… Her uncontrollable smile faltered. If she stayed where she was, Truman might come over to say hello, and she couldn't allow that. But under no circumstances should she approach him, especially if she wanted to keep her job… Fortunately, as if from out of the heavens, a diversion came in the form of a cheerleader, who tripped as she passed Truman and fell onto him. Truman looked away, and one of Sylvia's fellow extras nudged her. \"Lauren.\" It took Sylvia a moment to remember who Lauren was. \"Come on, we gotta go.\" Without asking why, Sylvia gladly got to her feet. Part of her wanted to thank the cheerleader who'd fallen, because she'd helped her more than she knew. If Sylvia walked away now, Truman would probably forget all about her. Crisis averted. But as the marching band lined up to take the field, another part of her wished that she could stand by Truman's side, without fear of repercussions. Sylvia didn't encounter Truman again until the next month's homecoming game. By then she was growing used to the strange, unorthodox lifestyle of The Truman Show. It was going to be hard to re-adapt to the real world once her contract expired. She had also successfully managed to put the earlier incident at the football game out of her mind. Word spread that Truman had started spending time with a girl named Meryl, one of his options for a future wife. The remaining actresses were required to back off and let Meryl take her chance, though one of them whom Sylvia encountered mentioned that Meryl hadn't played fair to begin with. Whatever had happened, Sylvia hoped this meant that Truman was no longer interested in her. He'd probably forgotten about the brief moment they'd shared. After the homecoming game, a party was held to celebrate the Seahaven Seagulls' big win. Sylvia hadn't expected to be invited, but Bobby surprised her after the game. \"You want to go to that dance tonight? Truman's gonna be there and we need more bodies.\" When opportunity knocks… \"Of course.\" The party was swinging, and though Sylvia anxiously scanned the room for any sign of Truman upon arriving, she quickly managed to lose herself to the influence of dancing and loud music. Bobby was a good partner to have on the floor, skillfully keeping up with Sylvia's every move. With his body pressed against hers and their toes tapping, Sylvia felt the world melt away. Then, as Bobby turned Sylvia around, she noticed him. Across the sea of people, Truman danced with the same cheerleader who'd bumped into him at the football game. So that's Meryl? Their eyes met, and Sylvia couldn't keep herself from smiling. Then both partners turned them away, and the contact was broken. Sylvia hoped Truman's apparent fascination was short-lived, but Truman followed her movement as they continued to dance. Every now and then he would glance at Meryl, plastering on a smile, but every time he thought she wasn't looking his gaze turned inevitably back to Sylvia. Bewilderment rose inside Sylvia. What makes ME so special? Why couldn't Truman keep his eyes off her? This wasn't part of the plan to determine his love life. He was with Meryl for god's sake, wasn't she enough for him? Still, Sylvia found it impossible to look away from Truman or even disguise her joy. She knew what she was doing was wrong, but it wasn't as if she could help it. Truman was obviously interested in her. Why should anyone try to interfere with that? Beyond the fact that she was just an extra who wasn't supposed to have any speaking lines… Bobby's grip on Sylvia suddenly tightened, and Sylvia realized he must have noticed the object of her attention. She tried transferring her smile to Bobby's face, but it quickly vanished when Bobby began pushing her, herding her away from Truman. The glare that he wore spoke volumes. \"What are you doing?\" Sylvia hissed as Bobby forcibly led her to the door. He gave no answer, and she struggled, but to no avail. It was only when they'd left the building that Bobby released Sylvia from his grasp. She staggered backwards, a furious heat rising to her cheeks. \"What'd you do that for?\" \"I saw the way you were looking at him,\" Bobby accused. \"Look, if you wanna have a crush on Truman, you can't do anything about it, got that? He's supposed to be with Meryl.\" \"What?\" Sylvia couldn't believe her ears. \"We- we weren't doing anything. I looked at him, he looked at me, that's all.\" \"Oh, sure,\" Bobby snorted. \"Like you didn't want to do more than look. Seducing Truman isn't part of the job description.\" Sylvia had been trying to keep a cool head, but Bobby's last comment rubbed her the wrong way. Before she could stop herself, her mouth went off like a firecracker. \"So why is it part of Meryl's?\" \"That's different!\" Bobby looked aghast. \" You weren't cast as Meryl. Truman isn't supposed to choose from the extras.\" \"But it's not up to me,\" Sylvia insisted. \"Truman shouldn't have his choices restricted.\" Bobby laughed harshly. \"I should have known. I swear, the only girls who audition for the show are the ones who want to date him. You probably used to write his name in your diary and draw hearts around it, huh? Filled pages with Sylvia Burbank, Sylvia Burbank…\" Suddenly Bobby broke off, his anger disappearing. It occurred to Sylvia that as a character in frequent contact with Truman, Bobby might have a connection to the folks upstairs, the Lunar Room controllers. They'd never contacted Sylvia on set before, only because she'd never done anything to warrant their attention. Whatever message Bobby possibly received, it must have been strict, because his demeanor subdued at once. \"Anyway, we can't go back to the party,\" he mumbled. \"May I walk you home?\" Home? Yeah, right. Sylvia shook her head, her body stiffening. \"I can find my way on my own.\" That night, as Sylvia lay curled up in a house without furniture, she replayed her conversation with Bobby and debated her options. Her safest bet right now would be to leave the show, before Truman attempted to make a move. If he never saw her again, he'd forget she ever existed and be free to spend his life with Meryl. But if Sylvia left early, there was a chance she might not be paid in full, and she had to admit she still needed the money. All she could do was trust that the show's controllers would steer her in the right direction and not put her in close proximity with Truman again. The more Sylvia thought about her dilemma, though, the more uncomfortable she grew. Truman shouldn't be forced into a relationship with someone just because that someone was being paid to act interested. It was a violation of his free will. And it's not that I have feelings for Truman, Sylvia told herself. If, for example, Truman had fallen for Bobby, it would still be wrong to keep them apart. Again Sylvia was stricken with how artificial the show was, despite its claims of being true to life. How had the viewing audience not seen through it by now? How was the world not disillusioned? She lay in bed and mulled over such thoughts until sleep came. The months dragged on, and Sylvia continued to work. In many ways, the job was the same as it had always been- walking from place to place, making repetitive conversation with extras in the background. She and Bobby weren't quite on speaking terms anymore- at least, he rarely engaged her in conversation. It didn't matter much to Sylvia. If she kept her head down, an incident like the one at the homecoming dance would never happen again. For a while, it seemed the folks upstairs listened to her unvoiced wishes. Throughout the whole of November and most of December, Sylvia never once saw Truman, even though he was ostensibly the reason she had to be on camera. Then came finals week. The Truman Show had never provided Sylvia with as odd an experience as trying to cram facts into her brain for a test she wouldn't have to take. Most of the student body- that is, most of the extras- were assigned to pull all-nighters at the library, keeping Truman company though they were separate. Though she knew the test wasn't real, spending so much time in the library caused Sylvia to revert back to the mindset of a college freshman, where grades were all that mattered. She was knee-deep in a textbook when she picked up voices on the other side of the desk's partition. Very familiar voices. Her blood ran cold. It's Truman… Sylvia's first instinct was to get up and walk away, but she knew that would only draw more attention to herself. She could do nothing but sit helplessly as Truman's company- Marlon and Meryl- retreated, leaving him to his work. Her pulse was racing, but she ignored it, forcing herself to return to reading. If she was quiet, and made sure to leave the library after Truman, he wouldn't even know she was there… Her hopes were dashed when a pair of eyes peeked down at her from over the partition. Truman had spotted her. Now that they were alone together, nothing could stop Truman from making his move. Sylvia held her breath and made a great effort to concentrate on her work. A fervent prayer rang through her head: Please don't talk to me, please don't talk to me, please don't… Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Truman rise. It was foolish to pretend she hadn't noticed. Sylvia raised her head, and found herself for the first time staring at Truman Burbank, in person, with no one around to come between them. \"Hi,\" Truman breathed. Almost unconsciously, a smile spread across Sylvia's face, even as her mind screamed at her not to react or say anything. That's really Truman Burbank, and he's really interested in ME… \"Konichiwa?\" Truman said, breaking into a self-conscious smile. His voice was soft and pleasing to the ear, like a cozy blanket in front of the fireplace- No. Don't think like that. \"What?\" Sylvia whispered, before she knew she'd said anything. The instant the word left her mouth, she froze. Any moment now someone was going to come in and insist that there was an emergency, that Sylvia had to leave the library right now… \"Oh, you… take Japanese,\" Truman said, indicating Sylvia's textbook. She glanced down at it, fumbling to save the moment. Improvisation had never been her strong suit. \"Oh, yes, yeah.\"They both cracked up, and again a feeble voice pleaded in Sylvia's mind. Go away… But now that Truman had started the conversation, she couldn't back out. And she wasn't sure if she wanted to. \"Lauren, right?\" Lauren? Sylvia stared blankly, and Truman pointed to her folder, which was stamped with the name LAUREN GARLAND. \"It's on the…\" \"Lauren,\" Sylvia jumped in, recovering quickly. \"Right, right.\" Dammit, why couldn't she wipe that grin off her face? She supposed it was a difficult task when Truman was looking at her so happily. She'd heard that he was stressed about passing finals, so meeting Sylvia must be a welcome reprieve for him. \"I'm Truman Burbank,\" Truman said. \"Yeah… I know.\" Again, the words slipped out unthinkingly. God, she was really going to get it now. Why wasn't anyone jumping in to control the situation… Well, if no one else intervened, Sylvia would have to take matters into her own hands. \"You know, Truman, I'm not allowed to talk to you.\" She hoped Truman could hear the desperation in her voice, the subtle urging- please, just go. Go. But Truman didn't budge. \"Really?\" He searched Sylvia's expression for confirmation, then made a face and looked away. \"Yeah, well, I can understand that. I'm a pretty dangerous character.\" It's not your fault, Sylvia longed to say. Though she'd never felt any particular affection for Truman before, her heart ached to see him manipulated by circumstances outside his control. It wasn't fair that he wasn't allowed to even talk with the girl who'd caught his eye. \"I'm sorry,\" Sylvia whispered. \"It's not up to me.\" Truman shook his head, masking his disappointment. \"A girl's got to be careful.\" He tried to grin at her again, but now it was Sylvia who looked away, discreetly glancing toward the nearest hidden camera. Had her rejection worked? Was anyone going to step in and help her? Apparently they weren't, because Truman knelt down beside her. \"You have a boyfriend. Right?\" Sylvia shook her head, hating the situation more with every denial. \"No, it's not that.\" Truman's eyes widened, an idea occurring to him. \"Is it- was it Meryl, that girl that was with me? We're not- we don't- we're not fr-\" He struggled for the right words. \"We're just- we're friends.\" Just friends. The folks upstairs certainly wouldn't like to hear that. This was a nightmare for them- why weren't they interfering? And why didn't Sylvia seem to care? \"It's nothing like that,\" she said. \"It's how I look,\" Truman instantly ventured. \"Not your type?\" At that, Sylvia had to smile, letting amusement breach her façade. She hadn't give it much thought before, but up close, she could see how handsome Truman was, in a down-to-earth sort of way. \"No.\" Truman fell silent, having apparently exhausted his options. Then he announced, \"I like your pin. I was wondering that myself.\" My pin? Automatically Sylvia glanced down at the pin on her sweater. HOW'S IT GOING TO END? She could have laughed. Now that was on oversight if she'd ever seen one. Who had let her wear that onto the set? (Why had she worn it to begin with?) While she was mentally occupied, Truman became more serious. \"Would you wanna… maybe… possibly, sometime… go out for some pizza or something? Like Friday?\" Another glance to the camera- maybe the controllers were amusing themselves, testing how well their extras could work in an unexpected situation? Then back to Truman- but as soon as she looked, Sylvia wished she hadn't. He seemed so earnest, so innocent, so unsuspecting, that Sylvia's resolve began to crumble. \"Saturday?\" Truman pressed, and Sylvia made an effort to shake her head and look away. \"I can't…\" \"Sunday, Monday, Tuesday…\" No, no… At a loss, Sylvia grabbed her notebook and wrote her response. She didn't realize until she'd showed it to Truman that she'd written NOW instead of NO. Surprise fell across Truman's face. \"We have finals tomorrow…\" \"Yeah, I know, but…\" God. Breaking Truman's heart was too much to ask. He deserved to be fulfilled, even in something as simple as going to get pizza with the girl he liked. In that moment, Sylvia made a split decision. If the folks upstairs wanted a show, she'd give them a show. Sylvia leaned forward, shielding her face with her arm. \"If we don't go now, it won't happen. Do you understand?\" Truman nodded minutely, brown eyes trained as her, as warm as a cup of hot chocolate. Oh, for god's sake. Maybe I am catching feelings. So what? \"So what do you want to do?\" Sylvia whispered. Truman stared at her for a long time, as if he didn't understand why she was asking. \"I want to go with you.\" Okay. Okay, okay. No turning back. They were really doing this. Sylvia reached under her chair for her bag and Truman straightened up. \"We have to sneak out,\" she said under her breath. \"Just follow me.\" Somehow, she didn't think Truman would have trouble obeying. They made their escape right as the library closed for the evening. Sylvia knew it would be impossible to evade the cameras for long, but she forced herself not to think about them. Besides, no one had stopped her when she'd wanted them to. With Truman, she ran out the back exit, down the halls of Seahaven College, and towards the nearest door. It was only then that Sylvia realized she had no idea where they were going. Extras weren't provided with cars- at least, she hadn't been. Her assigned house was in walking distance, but she couldn't let Truman inside without any furniture. And if they went to get pizza, surely someone would step in and sweep her away from Truman. As soon as they'd crossed the parking lot, however, it hit Sylvia. Rising before them was a thick swathe of trees. The forest! Truman rarely had reason to go there, thus it was equipped with fewer cameras. And if Sylvia's memory of the set proved correct, the forest wasn't far from the beach. No one would be out at this time of night. They'd have a little privacy- as much as one could get on the largest TV set known to man, anyway. Sylvia motioned to the trees, and Truman followed her, catching up. \"Lauren!\" he gasped. \"Where are we going?\" Away . Sylvia's heart pounded. Away, away, far away… Entering the woods, she nearly stumbled over a tree's root, and Truman took her hand. His grip was strong and relentless, never once letting up the entire way to the beach. Eventually they broke through the trees and found themselves running past the rows of houses that surrounded the beach. Sylvia was out of breath, but she couldn't help giggling in amazement. It was hard to believe this was really happening. Somehow she, an extra, had managed to wrest away the star of The Truman Show, significantly altering its plotline. And why not? Truman had chosen to be with Sylvia, and offering him this precious evening was all Sylvia could do. At the bottom of a sandy slope lay the ocean. Even in the dark, and even knowing that it wasn't real, it took Sylvia's breath away. A flicker of hesitation crossed her mind- Truman didn't like water, his father had drowned in the ocean, would he be okay here? Then Truman raised his hands in the air and exclaimed, \"Please keep your hands inside the car!\" He dove downwards, pulling Sylvia along, and her amazed laughter turned to joy. She remembered Truman saying the same thing at the beach when he was a kid; in fact she was almost positive that he'd picked it up from his father. He'd be fine, then. Together they tore madly towards the ocean, and for a moment Sylvia forgot the cameras that were no doubt shadowing their every move. There was only Truman, and herself, and no one else. Emboldened, she threw off her sweater, right before they skidded to a stop at the water's edge. Truman turned toward Sylvia, still smiling as if he were the luckiest guy on Earth. But he isn't, not really… Instantly Sylvia's joy vanished. Surely the folks upstairs wouldn't allow her to keep this up for much longer. Just about an hour ago, or maybe a half-hour, she'd fervently wished that they would, but now she couldn't bear the thought of leaving Truman, not after basically making his night. \"This is my favorite pizza place!\" Truman declared, and Sylvia was forced to laugh. \"Tony! One large, extra plankton!\" He has no idea what's about to happen. The thought swamped Sylvia in sadness. He has no idea that this isn't real… that we're moving him around like chess pieces… He thinks he has free will, but he doesn't. The sobering conclusion echoed through her mind. He doesn't. He doesn't have free will… This was no way to needed to warn him. \"We have so little time,\" Sylvia gasped. \"They're going to be here any minute.\" \"Who are?\" Oh, god, he trusts me, he doesn't understand that he shouldn't… No, it was the folks upstairs that Truman shouldn't trust. The ones who ran his life so neatly, and yet in some act of serendipity had allowed this night to happen. \"They don't want me talking to you,\" Sylvia insisted. Truman, believe me, something bad is going to happen if y- \"Then don't talk,\" Truman said. His eyes shone brightly in the moonlight as he leaned in to kiss Sylvia. The moment Truman touched Sylvia, she remembered that she was on live TV. Millions of viewers were probably glued to their seats. This was the image that would be splashed across all the magazines this month. Sylvia could picture the headlines: TRUMAN SNUBS PROSPECTIVE LOVE INTEREST, RUNS OFF WITH MYSTERY GIRL! It was all she'd never wanted, her face known worldwide. Sylvia's next thought was that she didn't care. She kissed back. As far as she knew, this was Truman's first kiss, but he wasn't bad for a beginner. His hands were gentle as he played with her hair, and his lips were soft. The ocean waves were too loud for Sylvia to notice the sound of a car's engine, or tires speeding across the sand. But when the headlights fell upon her, she broke away from Truman. It was impossible to see past the headlights to the driver within, but in Sylvia's heart she knew. Someone had finally intervened, and they weren't happy. \"They're here, Truman,\" Sylvia said uselessly. Nothing to do but wait for the inevitable. \"What do they want?\" Truman said, his arm around her, grinning broadly at the newcomers. And at once, it was more than Sylvia could stand. She'd agreed to sit passively in the background of the show, to live on set under the conditions of the folks upstairs. But she couldn't leave Truman like this. She wouldn't lie to his face, not after he'd unknowingly spent a lifetime on the receiving end of such treatment. Sylvia grabbed Truman, meeting his eyes. \"Truman, listen to me. Everybody knows about you. Everybody knows everything you do. They're pretending, Truman! Do you understand? Everybody's pretending!\" Confusion pinched Truman's face. \"Lauren, I don't-\" \"No, no, no, my name's not Lauren! It's Sylvia.\" How could she have broken one of her cardinal rules, to stay true to who she was? It didn't count when she was acting, but this was no acting job. Not to Truman. \"My name's Sylvia.\" The car had stopped- no. Don't pay attention. You've got to make him understand. \"Sylvia?\" Truman murmured, in disbelief. \"Yeah.\" Please, please, Truman, you've got to understand… The car door opened. \"Lauren, sweetheart, not again.\" Though she didn't want to, Sylvia had to look, Truman following her gaze. Before her stood a solitary man who'd probably been cast as an extra. Sylvia hadn't seen him before, but she doubted the show would put any crew member in front of the camera. \"Hey, wait a minute, who are you?\" Truman demanded. He was still holding onto Sylvia, as if to protect her. Sylvia would have found it sweet if she hadn't been so agitated. \"I'm her father,\" the man said, approaching with a steadfast step. Sylvia backed away. \"I've never even seen him before!\" \"What? We weren't doing anything,\" Truman protested, still more confused than worried. \"Come on, sweetie.\" The man reached out to Sylvia. \"Please, honey…\" \"He's lying!\" Sylvia knew she had no hope of escaping the man, and by extension the show's controllers, but if she really tried, she might be able to make the facts stick in Truman's head. \"Truman, please! Don't listen to him!\" The man had his arm around her waist now, slowly but firmly leading her away. She couldn't let this happen-! \"Everything I've told you is the truth!\" Sylvia bent down, for a second escaping the man's clutches, and scooped up a handful of sand, which she dumped into Truman's hands. \"This, it's all fake. It's all for you!\" Truman's innocent puppy-dog eyes were all Sylvia could see. \"I don't understand… what?\" \"And the sky, and the sea, everything!\" Sylvia knew she had to sound like a raving lunatic, but it was her only opportunity to warn Truman. After tonight, there was no way in hell they'd ever let her see him again, except from the other side of a screen. \"It's a set. It's a show!\" Finally she'd managed to spit out the heart of the matter, but all Truman said was, \"I don't get it.\" \"Come on, honey.\" In a decidedly non-fatherly way, the man bundled Sylvia into the car. \"Please. You'll be all right.\" \"Everybody's watching you!\" Goddammit, that man was going to smooth things over with a lie the instant Sylvia was locked up in the car. \"Please don't listen to him! He's gonna lie to you. They're watching us, right now!\" \"What's going on?\" Truman blurted, and that was the last Sylvia heard before the door locked shut. She pounded the window with her palm, honked the car horn… Anything to distract him! Anything to obscure what the man was saying! \"No, don't listen to him, Truman! Truman!\" The man was talking to him now, tying to convince him of something… and Sylvia was dismayed to see that Truman was buying it, judging from the crestfallen expression on his face. \"What's he saying? Truman, he's lying!\" Now the man was headed back to the car. When he opened the door, Sylvia made a last-ditch effort to escape, but the man grabbed her easily and held her in place. At the end of her rope, Sylvia stared into Truman's eyes and hissed a final message. \"Get out of here! Come and find me.\" In the days- months- years that followed, she would wonder why she'd said that. Had she given Truman false hope? Or would he take her up on her word and try to leave Seahaven for good? \"I'll see you in school!\" Truman offered, so clueless that it broke Sylvia's heart. The car started, and she slumped back against the seat. \"Fiji,\" the man grumbled as he prepared to drive. \"We're moving to Fiji.\" \"There is no school!\" Sylvia shouted, but with that, the car sped away. Sylvia was left staring back at Truman, who looked as if he'd just had his most prized possession ripped away from him, before the man turned the car around and they left the beach. The man hardly waited for the car to hit concrete before chewing Sylvia out. \"I can't tell you how much trouble you're in. Good luck ever working in this town again, kid.\" Sylvia folded her arms and stared out the window, slouching in her seat. Her driver cursed. \"Just had to have your fifteen minutes of fame, huh? Good god, the publicity this thing's gonna get.\" \"I don't care,\" Sylvia snapped, sullen. What did it matter, when Truman was probably still standing on the beach wondering what had happened to \"Lauren?\" All because Sylvia had landed the wrong part on the show. \"Yeah? You should care.\" The car veered around a corner, and Sylvia collapsed against the door. \"Was kissing Truman worth losing your job?\" \"It's just a job.\" The promise of money seemed hollow and pointless now. \"I'll get another one.\" The man snorted. \"There's something you don't understand, kid. A stunt like the one you pulled tonight's enough to get you blacklisted. You're poison to anyone who tries to work with you.\" He shook his head. \"'Course, I shouldn't expect someone from the Free Truman movement to be smart enough care…\" Wait. \"What?\" Free Truman movement… how's it going to end… The pin! Madly, Sylvia grabbed at her blouse and searched for it, even though she knew it wasn't there. Either it had fallen off on their dash to the beach, or Truman had it. Sylvia hoped it was the latter, seeing as he'd admired it. Something to remember me by. Proof that \"Lauren Garland\" had existed, if only for a short time. Before entering the world of Seahaven, Sylvia had never imagined joining a movement to free Truman Burbank. What a fool she'd been. The more she thought about the show, the more her blood boiled. Such an elaborate ruse, all to keep Truman from living a normal life. He wasn't free to make important life decisions, such as which woman he wanted to go out with. He wasn't free to go anywhere outside of town, even if he wanted to. He didn't even have the right to privacy, with all the cameras invading his home and broadcasting his every move. And worst of all, he had no idea at all that the people around him were nothing more than actors. How many of them actually care for Truman? How were so many of the show's viewers content to sit and watch this man be exploited? How had Sylvia ever been okay with it? The man pulled her back to reality with a snide side-eye. \"Don't try to act stupid. The Free Truman movement- you're a member, right?\" Sylvia took a deep breath and crossed her legs. They were about to pass over the bridge now, which would lead back to the real world. She couldn't wait to get out there and share her story. \"Yes,\" she said, squaring her shoulders and straightening her back. \"I am.\" ","Summary":" Sylvia sat with her legs crossed, her body rigid in order not to accidentally connect with the slee"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"First Girl Wins","Author":"Sarah1281","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6669736","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First Girl Wins Disclaimer: I do not own Truman Show. Sylvia sometimes wondered if she was a cliché. The small town princess who couldn't wait to get out and to become a big star in Hollywood only to fail and to turn to political activism. Putting it like that she sounded like hundreds or thousands of other people though she had always been rather under the impression that the political activism was something that the successes got into. The first part of Sylvia's story wasn't anything special. The small town she had simultaneously loved dearly and felt smothered by and the waitress job she had taken to pay the bills while running from audition to audition could have been found in any one of the Hollywood hopefuls' pasts. The slightly less common but still hardly unique was that she had gotten her big break. Everyone watched the Truman Show (even if they were only casual viewers who just tuned in for big events) and Sylvia was no exception. He'd actually been her first crush and she had pretended that he was her boyfriend for awhile when she was seventeen and he was fifteen. He literally had no idea that she existed but he was such a constant in her life. How could she turn down the opportunity to become a part of his world? She was unashamed to admit that she had auditioned for the role of Truman's girlfriend. Of course, they couldn't actually force Truman to date anyone but they could certainly manipulate events to make sure that they got their desired outcomes. Besides, she felt that she was more likely to get a smaller part if she auditioned for something big than to get a huge role if she auditioned for 'girl who sat behind Truman in Spanish.' Sylvia had lost out on the part to blonde, bratty Hannah Gill who couldn't subtly ply products to save her life and had to literally throw herself at Truman in order to get him to stop staring at Sylvia's alter-ego Lauren. Lauren had originally supposed to play a part in getting Meryl and Truman together by bulling her and having Truman leap to her defense after the pair had been 'just friends' for a few weeks but Sylvia hadn't lasted that long and it was entirely possible that even if she hadn't blurted out as much as she could that that plotline would have been reworked anyway because of one very unexpected fact. Unlike Hannah, Sylvia actually had chemistry with Truman. Sylvia had been in Truman's presence for all of five minutes before he started checking her out and grinning like mad. She honestly hadn't known what to do – this was the big meeting with Meryl, after all – but she had always loved his smile and so she found herself smiling back. Truman remained completely oblivious to Meryl until she fell on him and the minute his back was turned, Sylvia had been dragged away by other members of the cast who hadn't even thought to grab her purse. Cristof had been furious about the deviation but eventually conceded that it hadn't been her fault if the very teenage Truman who had no idea that he had a designated love interest had smiled her way. He dismissed it as a fluke but ordered Sylvia to keep her distance from Truman just in case. The next time she really saw him was the night of the dance when he kept ignoring the love interest he was dancing with in order to grin at Sylvia and, once again, everyone else conspired to keep the pair apart. Truman didn't even know her character's name at that point and still he found her more compelling than Hannah. That showed what the casting department knew. She might not have landed the part that she had wanted but she had effortlessly drawn Truman's attention in a way Meryl had never managed even all these years later and there was triumph in that. Despite the fact that Sylvia hadn't gotten a chance to do more than look at him – not that she wouldn't have danced with him had he asked – she received another stern warning. She wasn't to do so much as to talk to Truman until his fascination with her faded which really just went to show how little these people understood teenage boys. Her apparent apathy and newfound air of mystery would just add to her allure. Leaving Truman in the library when Sylvia was in it and his designated best friend and love interest had left was really not the best idea the show had ever had and it was almost inevitable what happened next. Truman immediately sought her out (and she had only cheated a little by placing her hand where he was sure to notice) and not only insisted that he wasn't interested in Meryl like that but that he would like to go out with her instead. She wasn't really sure what she was thinking – or if she was thinking – when she confessed that she wasn't 'allowed' to talk to him. If it had been real, why in the world wouldn't she have been allowed to and who could have forbidden her? Sweet, unsuspicious Truman immediately assumed that she was worried about moving in on Meryl's territory and assured her that the blonde had no claim to him. She continued to half-heartedly rebuff him before finally coming to a decision. There was no way after Truman's refusal to take a hint she was reluctant to give that she'd stay on the show. She was never going to see him again. It was now or never. They had gone out for pizza and then to the beach. Everyone kept staring at her and silently demanding to know what she thought she was doing whenever Truman's back was turned but she didn't care. This was the first time she'd ever spoken to Truman and he was just so…everything she thought he would be (with his entire life on film, he simply couldn't have any secrets) and she was happy. She also began to feel a strange sense of wrongness. The script was painstakingly chosen by Cristof himself from dozens of plot ideas and it clearly called for Meryl to become Truman's girlfriend and for Sylvia's Lauren to be nasty and to make Meryl cry, thus driving her into Truman's arms. Only…it wasn't quite working out that way, was it? Truman had called Meryl a friend and he sounded like he meant it. He had sought Sylvia out more than once. This was the first time that she had ever gotten a chance to really spend time with Truman and for the first time it really hit her that Truman wasn't like them. He wasn't following a script. He might never speak to Meryl again and there was nothing anybody could do about it. Truman was a real person and he was the only one. Even Sylvia wasn't real here, she was Lauren the liar. She had had a friend once who had discovered that she was adopted in their sophomore year of high school and melodramatically proclaimed that her whole life had been a lie. Sylvia had thought she had been exaggerating, of course, but that really seemed to fit Truman's life to a T. And why? Because the people wanted entertainment. They looked at all the mendacity that made up Seahaven and Truman's genuineness stood out all the more. Nothing was real and Truman would probably marry Meryl during sweeps month and all of a sudden it was just too much. Sylvia knew that had by now they would have figured out a way to write her character out of the show and to remove her from Truman's presence immediately that would be at least vaguely plausible so as not to make him too suspicious and so it was now or never. She started blurting out everything she could think of but she must have been going too fast or stumbling over her thoughts because he didn't understand. She was panicking, though, because she knew that that car was going to carry her away from Truman forever and she was the only one who had ever been inclined to tell Truman the truth who had gotten anywhere near him. In the end, she'd been dragged from his side, unceremoniously fired and banned from the set, and then forced to watch as their ruined date drove Truman into Meryl's waiting arms. Sylvia hadn't been able to bring herself to watch the wedding and to avoid it she had been forced to go visit her aunt who lived out in the country and who was always meaning to get her television set fixed. While she was there she did some thinking. She had tried to tell Truman this terrible truth that nothing around him was real, that he had no privacy, that his life was meticulously planned out for the public's amusement. That hadn't worked and Truman had seemed to put her Cassandra truth out of his mind. What now? It would be so easy to just give up and accept that the Truman show would be running every day of Truman's life and that he would never even know. She had tried but she had failed. Truman seemed…content if not happy. She had no idea how she could even begin to reach him. Still, though, still she couldn't quite bring herself to stay quiet. Truman may have been legally adopted by a corporation when he was hours old but he was a grown man now and they were no longer his legal guardians. They said that Truman could leave whenever he wished but if that was the case why didn't he even know it wasn't real and why did they manufacture a fear of water on a supposed island? Well, the acting thing had been kind of a bust but she was still in Hollywood so Sylvia did the only thing she could do; she started a movement to free Truman. Most people she talked to weren't unsympathetic but it had honestly never occurred to them that what they were doing to Truman was wrong. The religious groups she'd encountered were particularly helpful as they thought that whole project was immoral and an arrogant attempt by man to play God. It was true in a way; Cristof was Truman's god and he made no secret of that fact. Slowly but steadily they were making progress until one day something pierced the masquerade in a way her warnings could not. The actor who played Truman's dead father snuck back onto the set. Since he hadn't been thrown off like Sylvia had, they weren't on the lookout for him. He had eventually been detected and thrown off but since he'd been noticed by Truman himself they were going to have to deal with that. The actors who played his mother, best friend, and wife all tried to convince him that he hadn't seen what he knew that he did but the way that everything was so perfectly coordinated to separate him from his father was something he could not overlook. Truman tried to leave (the first place he mentioned was Fiji, the land she had supposedly moved to. Sylvia tried not to be too happy about that) and again and again he was stymied. They even resorted to pretending there was a nuclear meltdown to keep him in town. His suspicions kept growing and Hannah had a nervous breakdown and quit. Honestly, Sylvia was glad to see the back of her and it wasn't even because she still had feelings for Truman. Everyone knew that Meryl and Truman were supposed to be having a baby in the next few years. What was going to happen to that baby? Was it going to be in on the secret or was it going to be deceived like Truman was? The latter scenario seemed more likely and what kind of monster would knowingly create life for the sole purpose of enslaving it like her husband was? If their marriage was even legal given Meryl wasn't even really her name. Tonight, it had all come to a head. Tonight, the Truman Show had stopped broadcasting for the first time in thirty years. Tonight, Truman had escaped from the cameras. Tonight, there was nothing in this world that would stop Sylvia from finding him again. He had taken the composite photograph he had made of her with him when he escaped. He'd been thinking about her. It wasn't too late for them to see if they could turn their spark into anything real. If her life was a cliché and that had led her to this, then Sylvia was okay with it. She had always loved it when the first girl won. Review Please! ","Summary":" First Girl Wins Disclaimer: I do not own Truman Show. Sylvia sometimes wondered if she was a cliché"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"MindControl, Out of Control","Author":"4C486C592D5322B1B54EF199425D42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5177881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Forward My early years were a blessing, although I grew up in a 3rd world country, I was a happy child. I knew no different. I didn't know that there were other countries that had so many cars. I didn't know that people would rather ride a bike around the corner when you could easily walk. I didn't know that color television even existed. I knew no different, it was my reality. I had a great mother; she would do everything for me. Everything was served to me on a silver platter, even through out my teens. I'm currently 25 and I still don't know how to cook, my wife does it for me. I rarely do my washing. It's very difficult for me to be independent. Although it was great as a child, it has ultimately affected me now. No independence. The earliest memory I have is when I was around 1 1/2 to 2 years of age. I remember sitting on a table, with towels around me, my grandmother was in the kitchen, and my mother went over to help her sort something out. I started to push on the table; basically I was pushing myself backwards. I got to the edge of the table, and I fell off. I remember a brief fall, and instantly crying when I hit the floor. My mother and grandmother rushed to pick me up, I remember getting picked up and looking at the floor, the bottom draw was open on the chest of draws behind the table, I must have hit my head on it. The next I was actually told, it wasn't something I remember. My cousin came to visit; she was 2 years older than me. I had this toy rifle, I was a brat apparently. I would always push my elder cousin over when she just stood up. One time she got really annoyed and grabbed the rifle and whacked me in the eye with it. Apparently I had a shiner for a while. It stopped me being nasty though I was told. I remember my next door neighbor was one of my best friends. We would make go-carts together, and go ride our bikes together. One time he asked if I had any chewing gum left, I said I didn't, so I got what was in my mouth and offered it to him. He walked away. I remember his birthday; my mum got him a present so I could give to him when I went there. We all sat around a table, and he was opening his presents. I was quite young and wondered why no one gave me presents yet. I waited and waited. When it was all over, I was very disappointed. I walked home and an elderly girl told me that during birthdays the person who's birthday it is the only person who would get presents. I smiled; I realized my birthday was coming up. I had a huge party, all the neighborly kids came to celebrate, and we had streamers and balloons and a pinata. I had a lot of fun. Then I had another friend who lived across the road. His house was quite big, I remember it quite well, and to me it was a rich house. Our house was quite small, and was made out of mud as most houses were back then. He had a swimming pool. One time he would have walking stilts, I remember them to be so huge. I ran home and asked my mother's boyfriend if he could make me some. He gave me a present one day, it was stilts. They were about 20cm off the floor. I was disappointed; they were nothing like what my friend had. He said it didn't matter because I was too small to use the big ones, as I grew he would move the foot rests up the pole so I could use them. This made me happy. I remember also that my mate across the road had a huge swing. I would sit in it and swing as high as I could and then jump off when at the highest moment. It would catapult me through the air and I'd land in a pile of leaves. I remember how much fun it was. Then I started becoming interested in rabbits. Our neighbors had a rabbit problem; I asked my mums' boyfriend if he could make a rabbit trap. He did but we never caught one. I remember one time he did though when I was inside. Another kid in our street, who wasn't so well off, would teach me how to make simple loops in wires to make rabbit traps. We became friends for a little while, until he got me into trouble. There were only 1 or 2 cars in the street at the time. 1 was a taxi driver, and he owned a taxi. My mate said we should go over his house and see the taxi. He grabbed a pebble and threw it over the fence and it hit the taxi. He kept telling me to do it but I told him no. He said if I didn't he'd hit me. So I did, and threw 1 pebble, A few seconds later a few women came out the front door and started yelling and screaming. The kid said \"RUN\". So we did, but we found a small bush about 20 meters down the road and we hid behind it. The women found us and picked us up by the ear. One of them said to me \"hey, you're that nice kid that lives down the road, what are you doing hanging out with the likes of him\". The other kid seemed to be getting a bit of a rough time by the other woman. The one who had hold of me let go of me, and I ran home crying. I stormed into the house, jumped on the bed and started crying. I was so scared they would come by the house and tell my mother and her boyfriend. So instead of them telling them, I did instead. They looked at me and smiled, I don't know why they didn't punish me, I never found out. But that's all I remember about that day. Not long after I got a bike for my birthday. I remembered seeing a cartoon on TV about a kid who got a bike on Christmas and started riding it inside the house. I wanted to do the same. My mothers' boyfriend said no, and to take it outside. I was riding in circles and kept falling off. I got good at it though, I would take jumps and do perfect landings. I fell off occasionally. One time I was on the street and the earth was shaking. I had no idea what an earthquake was back then, but I was really worried about what was going on. All I remembered were two things. That it was probably a flying saucer and it was landing in my backyard. But then I thought it probably wasn't it, and was most likely Father Christmas dropping off all the presents in my backyard that it made the earth move. Although I don't recall why I thought about UFO's or aliens at such a young age, I do recall thinking about it. I tried to ride home, got to the gate and my mum was at the back being held back by her boyfriend. She was screaming for me to get to them. I started to ride the bike down the side of the house, everything was shaking quite badly, all I remember was hearing the wall that divided our next door neighbor and ours breaking behind me. I got to the end and my mothers' boyfriend let her go, she grabbed me and started having a go him! He kept explaining to her that if he let her go, we both may have died if the walls collapsed on us. I remember her giving him a slap across the face. We spend most of the night outside; we had soup to keep us warm. It was too dangerous to go inside, all the wall cabinets were on the floor, and things were everywhere. I don't remember anything after that. One time I was at my mates across the roads house and I was on the right hand side of the street, which is where you drive in our country. There was an S bend. There was a tree right on the corner, meaning I couldn't see further down the S bends. I heard my friends screaming 'GET OFF THE ROAD'. I didn't know what was going on. I looked up and there was a Taxi coming my way. It cut the corners on the S bend. He was on MY side of the road. I tried to jump off but I couldn't, all I can remember is that my shoe lace was caught on the peddle. I tried to lift the bike onto the side of the street. It was too late, the taxi hit me, and I was catapulted onto the bonnet and what seemed to feel like up the windscreen. I rolled back down and all I remember next were people standing around me yelling in my native tongue whether I was alright. I couldn't move though, something was wrong. I blanked out and I came to when my mates' sister was kissing me on the forehead. I blanked out again, and then I remember my mother and auntie standing at my feet crying. The taxi was the same taxi I threw pebbles at. Payback. He offered to take us to the hospital, but when I was picked up I screamed in pain. There was blood all over my leg. It snapped when it hit the curve, I could see bone sticking out. My leg crossed over my body and hit the square shaped curve. In Australia, the curves are usually sloped. I remember being in hospital, such a long wait. I remember being on the bed and nurses asking me to straighten out my leg. I was pleading them not to do it because it hurt so much. They got so annoyed that they yanked my leg to straighten it out. I screamed in pain. I then remember getting an X-Ray. The doctor was horrible. He kept saying it was my fault for playing on the street. He kept telling me to keep still, but my leg was hurting so much that I couldn't keep still. He had another doctor come in to hold me still. They were so cruel. Because by now it was late at night, they couldn't do anything about my fracture. I was taken to a private doctor who was a family friend. I don't recall but my bone was snapped back into place, and a cast was put on. All I remember next was being in bed, and couldn't play anymore. However I was visited by so many people. People I didn't even know, they'd bring me small toys, and flowers, I remember a really cute girl bring me a toy trumpet. Then one day my brothers' ex-teacher asked his classroom if they could bring one toy they didn't want anymore, even if it was broken. I received a HUGE parcel from him, it had so many toys! Then I remember my fathers' side of the family come visit me. I remember one time my auntie visiting in the middle of the night. She would cuddle up to me all the time. I was only 5 at the time. When I had to walk, I had to be very careful; I remember making the break worse twice for doing the same thing wrong. I was trying to walk down 3 steps from the hallway to the sunken lounge. I was wondering, which leg do I put on the bottom step. So I kept my leg with the cast on the top level and tried to put my working leg on the step below. Wrong! I fell and made my leg worse again. I was told that I had to do it the other way because I couldn't bend the broken leg, meaning I couldn't step down a level. If I did it the other way, the working leg could bend at the knees and the broken leg would be the one that stood on the level below. A few weeks later, I needed to go down to that lounge again. Did I remember what I was told? NO! Again I fell and made my leg worse. I remembered from that point onwards though. When my cast came off, I would go and play again, I asked my mum where my bike was. She told me that it was broken from the crash and it had to be put in the tip. So I started to play on these trolleys, they had huge wheels made out of metal. We'd all sit on it and another one would push. It was my turn to go on it. I fell off going around the corner and my leg went under the metal wheel. It crushed my leg, the same one that was broken before. I screamed in pain. We had a visitor who was one of my brothers' friends over. He came out and picked me up and took me inside. All I remember was him going to the local shop and coming back with a calipo. That was my favorite ice-cream from that point onwards. Another day I remembered hearing the ice-cream man come by. He had a freezer on a tricycle. I yelled at mum to get the ice-cream scoop. She told me that he already had one and that he'd use his. I remember every now and then we'd have people come to the door, and mum would shut the door, and go to the kitchen and go back, she'd hand them over a piece of bread. I asked her what she was doing. She told me that some people weren't as fortunate as we were, and that we should help out if we could. I looked out the window, and this man had a trolley, with another couple of people around, he would break off the piece of bread and share it. I don't recall what I was thinking back then, but I do remember what I saw, it seemed so sad to witness things like this. My father divorced my mother when I was 6. He had already left for Australia when I was a lot younger, my brothers soon followed. My mother would look after me by herself, although she did end up having a partner for a short period of time. She came up to me one day and said \"you know what son, we're going to Australia to be with your brothers, and also so you can see your daddy\". I was thrilled. I couldn't wait to see kangaroos bouncing all over the street. I couldn't wait to have a koala as a pet. I couldn't wait to throw a boomerang and have it land in my hand. I even asked mum \"mummy, do we eat snails there?\" She laughed and said \"No son, that's in France\". The last memory I have of my home country, was having visitors saying their farewell. There was one group of people who I did not know, they seemed very sophisticated, they were all wearing black suits and black dresses, and they were all wearing sunglasses. All I remember was them saying \"You will do great in Australia, you will do us proud\". For some reason they said something later on, but I didn't recognize the language. I recall it now. It was English! When I arrived in Perth, Western Australia, I couldn't speak English. I had to repeat year 1. I didn't realize this until much later though. I would walk up to my teacher and give her a kiss on the cheek before entering class. She thought it was quite strange. I thought it was quite strange that she would react so weirdly. It was custom in my home country that you give the teacher a kiss on the cheek as you go into class. Then I realized I was different. I would sacrifice my own well being to be part of a group. I would play 'heads down thumbs up' and when I picked a kid, when it was his turn to try guess who it was; I would gesture to him saying it was me so that he could get a turn. I was shocked when he complained to the teacher that I told him it was me. I was told off for not playing the game properly. Trying to do well, I suffered. I remember going out to an outing. I forgot to bring cordial. Because I couldn't speak English properly, I was saying in my native tongue \"can I please have a drink\" to a teacher. The teacher understood my hand gestures and asked another child if I could have a drink from theirs. One did. I then asked the child and teacher if I could drink the rest of it. Of course it was in my native tongue, and hand gestures of drinking. The teacher and kid would nod in approval. I later found out they only meant a little bit. I drank the whole lot. I was told off for being selfish. No one understood me. No one believed that I was asking whether to drink the whole lot. No other kids talked to me from that day onwards. Sorry meant nothing apparently, even if it was genuine. I then changed schools, went to a new school much further away. I became best friends with 3 kids. 2 girls and 1 boy. One girl would let me plat her hair; the other would hold my hand. The boy would be the only one that talked to me and we'd play on the monkey bars. During one class exercise we were learning about trust. My English still wasn't great, I still had problems when I became really nervous, I'd say the wrong thing, I'd even say it in my native tongue instead of English. An exercise on trust. Brilliant, I thought it was perfect timing for others to learn to trust me. The point of the game was to partner up with a friend, you'd tie a blindfold on them, and then you would direct them around an obstacle course. It was my turn with my mate. He put the blind fold on me, and started saying 'left, right, stop, go'. I understood, although he'd had to say it twice sometimes before I did because I was trying to understand what he was saying. Then it was my turn to blindfold him. It was going well, and then I realized he was headed for the football post. I started to panic; I couldn't say any command to stop him from not walking in to it. I yelled 'STOP' in my native tongue. He didn't and hit it head first. He started crying and I ran up to him to tell him I was sorry and that I tried to stop him. Many other kids saw it and the teacher didn't hear me yell in my native tongue. I was told off for doing it on purpose; the kids hated me and never trusted me. The teachers thought I was a bully. Again, I felt persecuted because they didn't understand the situation. During this time period, many photos were taken for the local newspaper; I was always used for some poses. I have them till this day, I recently looked at it. I could see a hurt child trying to get accepted. I still feel the same way. I left that school, and went to another closer to the city. This was the worst I'd ever experience in tormenting. I started to go to Sunday school though; I became friends with someone who recognized me from the year 1 class a few years before. We became best friends. We understood each other, he wasn't native to this country either, and had troubles being accepted. I recently saw him, he said to my mother 'he's still the same' and smiled, and then went home. Back in school before he enrolled, I was asked if I would mind if someone could use my pencils. I said \"yes I mind\". The thing was, I didn't know that I was supposed to say \"I don't mind\". It was strange. A negative word \"don't\" in a sentence would mean to be positive. The teacher said \"Oh so you mind do you?\". And I said \"yes I do\". I was waiting for the kid to come get my pencils, but the teacher then asked someone else \"Do you mind if he can use your pencils\" and the kid responded \"No I don't mind\". I go \"What?\". Two words, no and don't in one sentence meant yes! English is a crazy language. . The teacher then looked at me like I was evil. I just didn't understand, I meant \"YES, he CAN use my pencils\". Everyone in the class including the teacher thought I was selfish. I could do nothing right. Then I remember trying to explain the concept of Father Christmas to someone, he was getting upset, I didn't know what was going on. He told me Father Christmas was made up. I said \"I know it is\". Then he walked to the teacher because he told her I was trying to make everyone believe Father Christmas was real. She dragged me outside and started explaining that Father Christmas wasn't real and was a story based on St Nicolas. I started crying. I was cursing in my native tongue \"THAT'S WHAT I WAS TRYING TO TELL HIM, THAT I UNDERSTOOD\". Again, a misunderstanding. Another time I said to another mate \"I love you\". Because in my native tongue if you say it a certain way, it meant you thought highly of him, yet the translation from my native tongue to English was 'love', although I could have used the term Mike' in English. Either way everyone cracked up laughing and started calling me a \"Gaylord\". I asked the teacher what \"gay\" meant. She said in some cases it meant to be \"happy\". I was wondering why I was teased about this. I started walking around the school telling everyone I was a \"Gaylord\". Many would laugh at me. Only a little afterwards did I realize that it could mean being attracted to the same sex. This was pathetic. Then things started to get better, I was in a line outside entering music class, we all had recorders. One kid started to play it all the time outside another class. Then the class teacher stormed outside and started having a go at everyone because it was disturbing his class. He demanded who it was. No one owned up, he then said if no one owns up everyone would spend lunch time in class. I was thinking, c'mon own up. He wouldn't. So I stood to the side and said it was me. He dragged me to the side and started having a go at me. This is when I discovered I could vtune out' when being yelled at. I would stare blankly at the person, I could hear what he was saying, but it went in one ear out the other. I returned to the line, the music teacher said to me \"it wasn't you was it\". I said no it wasn't. She thought highly of me from that point onwards. The kids though, couldn't care less. I just saved their necks, but it didn't make one inch of difference. The music teacher then became our math teacher, I was the first one to work out some hard mathematical questions. It was more based on shapes. Then I was asked to demonstrate my way of thinking to a group of 3 teachers. They would give me the question. I didn't get the answer right, but they were astounded at how I would try work it out. If I recall, the question was based on algebra, yet it was using things like \"apples\" and \"oranges\". They were considering in upgrading me to the year above for math. It didn't happen though. I then became involved in Scouts, I went up the ranks quite quickly. We all went on a camp, there was one boy who was in a wheelchair, I don't recall what he had, whether it was MS or something different. He would have a guardian with him at all times, usually he would get his mouth wiped because when he talked he would dribble saliva. Although I wasn't friends with him, I was happy he would get involved in such activities such as the scouts. During the camp, we all had to go on a flying fox. I noticed there was a bit of oil on the cable, and it was dripping a bit. The first go was this kid who was in the wheelchair. He was put on a seat, and from what I remembered, I told another scout that it may be dangerous with the oil from the cable dripping onto people underneath, or at least we would get stains on our uniforms if we didn't move away. He looked at me and then ran off to get the scout, leader. The leader said to me, why on earth would you say that?. I go \"Say what\". To say that he would dribble all over everyone when he was up there. I go \"WHAT?\". Of for crying out loud. I explained to him what I said, but no one believed me, they all thought I was trying to cover up my mistake. Memories of misunderstanding kept re-surfacing. On the way home from the camp, one kid started having a go at me because of what I \"apparently\" said about the kid in the wheelchair. I knew what I said, so I got so pissed off I punched him one right in the eye socket. He started crying like a baby. Everyone turned around and started yelling at me accusing me of punching him when it was unprovoked. I left the scouts. I remember receiving the student of the year award, twice actually. I even got on the student council because of my speech, which was different to others, yet I recited everything, and didn't read from my notes. Even when this happened, my mother even had to discuss with my teachers of every year asking why I get picked on at school. They were always told that I wasn't the problem. It was everyone else. They were all selfish, and brutal, and hurtful kids. I was always the victim. I remember receiving the most compassionate award for BMX racing. I remembered when someone fell off their bike, and I was behind, I would jump off my bike and help him up, then we'd go around the track together. Although it was a race, I couldn't care less. Never won a race, but I got a Frisbee for doing this all the time. I then changed primary school and started again. I received 'civilian of the year' award because I was helping people. I even stood up to the school bully, he lost, yet everyone felt sympathy for him because he had a broken ankle when he started a fight with me. He hurt himself when he tried to move. The students hated me, the teachers and adults thought differently. I then remembered a quiz night. We all went and there was a line to the front counter. I asked a girl if I could stand in front of her to be with some of my friends. She said it was fine. When we got to the counter to pay the $2 for participating, we got a ticket with a number on it. It was for a competition to get $20 for a commonwealth bank account. At the end of the night, the number was drawn out. It was my ticket. I was ecstatic, I got myself $20! It was the last year there, when I left the school, I was told by a friend who was there, about how I accepted the $20 prize for the ticket. I said yes I remembered that night. She said, do you remember what happened before everyone got their ticket? I said \"Yeah, we all lined up and....\" And then I froze. I took the spot of someone else in the line. If I didn't ask to stand in front, she would have got the $20. I felt ashamed for not even thinking about it at the night, otherwise I would have asked the person if it was OK for me to have it. But then even further later, if I said \"do you mind if I have it\" she would most always say \"yes\". I should have just given it to her without question. Life is full of lessons, some people learn it the hard way. What a crazy country. Later, I got interested in drawing. I received awards for drawing the best clown. Many years later still, I received a top 30 award out of 1800 people for best creative design for Telstra phone cards. I had a few good friends, great friends actually. However they were all female! I couldn't talk to guys as I could talk to girls, I would make jokes, and they would laugh. I was like Mel Gibson in the movie 'what women want'. I thought I was actually making them laugh, but I later found out that in their minds, they were thinking 'what a jerk'. Only one of those girls stayed friends with me. However this didn't stop my ego. I got accepted into an art school. In the first class of the year, I was asked my personal story. Ego minded, I said that I got accepted because of an art scholarship and that I was special. Little did I realize that when I went to the first art class. Nearly everyone that was in that first class was there. I felt like a complete idiot. I got teased even in years 11 and 12, even by the younger grades! You can't be friends with everyone I was told. I tried so hard to fit in, but it never worked. I became an outcast, and hang out with the outcast group. I decided I didn't care about friends anymore, and decided to concentrate on school work. Excelled in English and Arts. Didn't excel in English because of spelling, it was due to my creative writing skills. I was totally right brained. I had an imagination that would fill volumes of interesting stories. I recall writing a story about DNA and how it is used to catch criminals. Although based on facts, the whole story was about trying to use it against the police to sway them. Take someone else's DNA, and plant it there. Wear gloves, take a finger print of which you want blamed and replicate it on a table, not direct contact because it can be seen as planted evidence. Not too little contact, because they can't identify. This was coming out of my own mind. I never watched such shows at that age. Only did I realize recently that similar themes are now being used on CSI and Law and Order, was I born ahead of my time. I could write these shows, well maybe, don't want to let my ego take over again do I! I then began to appreciate life. Appreciate beauty in everything, nature, people, everything. I understood the meanings behind many artists as I was taught during theory in art class. I than started my own thoughts on how it relates to real life. Began asking questions what is real life? Reality is only our perception of experiences. The brain is a machine and it has to interpret outside influences. Electrical signals. I realized that reality is not what it actually is, only to the person experience it is it real. Coincidently a couple of years later, the movie 'The Matrix' was released. I couldn't believe it, again my initial thoughts were transpired in this movie. I couldn't stand watching it, yet I felt compelled to watch them. I then studied media, I would get high marks because of my analysis of movies. I would see the things most people wouldn't. Even more so than what the teacher would tell us to look for. I then used it for my own personal pleasure. I then moved from my right brain to my left brain and became analytical. I would see similar themes over and over, with movies that would not have anything to do with another, yet there was a connection. Although I do not recall at the time what they were, I remember having that actual thought. Because it was entertainment, I thought nothing of it. I was able to analyze and be creative, I could choose to go into left brain mode or right brain mode. When I was at work, I would be in left brain mode \"analysis\" used for the type of work I was in. When I was at home, and wanted to do something, I would draw and color in. It then progressed into doing more English type classes, now based on real life. We were given the book \"The Anna Wood story\". It was about ecstasy use, and how it killed her. I remembered using drugs when I was a lot younger, more so for a taste of altered 'reality'. They were trips and marijuana. I knew what trips were like, and I knew what marijuana was like. Yet I felt so hurt that people would use ecstasy. I wrote a HUGE assignment on the negatives of ecstasy use. I was even asked to record it on film, so I read it out. The English teacher was 'concerned' about my prexadoccupation with drugs. She told me that most people who delve into anything, whether good or bad, even for research, end up getting sucked into the subject. I scoffed, don't worry, It won't happen to me! Then I got sick of still being tormented, it changed to teachers liking me, to being classified to being a \"teachers pet\", even by them. The other students thought I loved myself, I had my ex-girlfriends boyfriend who didn't go to our school wanting to start a fight with me on school grounds. I missed my bus. I started getting really angry at everything. I couldn't give a rats if I was the \"good\" boy, or trying to be everyone's friend. So I started to purposely do things to be the bad boy. I would use software to get the password for the schools internet connection. I remember using this account for a whole year. Free internet. I started to abuse the trust given to me. Who cared anyway, everyone thought I was a schmuck, so I started being one. Final school dinner, they would give awards to humiliate people, or congratulate them. I was used often in the humiliation category. One came up and the teacher read it out \"He loves himself so much, he got a nipple ring\". I was angry. Why would this mean I loved myself. Then another one came up \"He was heard saying once; I can get any girlfriend a want\". Again, this pissed me off. I remember saying it but it was taken out of context. For example, the ones who I would ask out on a date would be the ones that would be emotionally uplifting to me, these girls would usually be the ones I dated, and yes, it was what \"I wanted\", and apparently, I was who \"they\" wanted too. I got sick of people taking words literally without understanding the intention. I then got sick of people taking the possible intention to what I was literally meaning. I got so angry, and remembering everything in my past, which I didn't want to be in the school photo. I never returned. The English teacher though, contacted me a few years later. She was no longer working for the school, but for long distance education, She asked me if I wanted to be used in videos to discuss my anti-drug stance. I agreed. My old video of reading the assignment was in it, then how I felt about it now. My position was still the same. After a few years, when I was working, I was reading a magazine article during lunch break. My boss would walk past and ask what I was reading. I said \"I'm reading an awesome article on car crashes\". He looked at me, \"What is so awesome about car crashes, people get hurt you know\". I was confused, that's not what I meant, but he walked off. The article was about ambulance officers having to deal with such issues every day in life, and it was talking about how they were there to save lives, the article was about SAVING LIVES. That's what I was referring to. Again, misunderstanding. One time he told me his sister had got her handbag stolen out of her car, and that during lunch if we minded going to the beach car park and see if we could find anything. We went the 'long way' for some reason, my boss was directing me where to go. We were coming by a street, and then he pointed, one of my best friends' lives down that street. When we passed, he said 'Oh, why are there police cars in his driveway'. I just remarked 'What a coincidence that we would drive at the very moment that police cars where there at your friends house'. Went to the car park, and he told me to look at the first bin, and he'd look in the second bin. I found some really disgusting articles in that bin, I went to him, and there was nothing unusual other than your average day rubbish in his. I pulled him over and showed him the bin I was looking in, and then we both left. He told me to go a different route home. I said no, that we will go back the same way we came. I looked at the street, and the police cars were gone. When worked finished, I went back to the car park to check out the stuff we found. I thought something was quite strange about that days events. I just wanted to make sure what I suspected wasn't right. I went to look in the first bin I was at, and yep, I was right, the 'disgusting' articles had been removed. The rest of the rubbish was there. What was going on! It had only been a few hours, and if the rubbish collector would have come, all the rubbish would be gone. Two possibilities. Either someone who had a weird mind would steal those articles, or the stuff was planted there for me to see, and then later removed for no one else to see. I thought it was weird that I was told to take the \"long\" route to the car park and passing my bosses supposed friends house, there were police cars in his drive way, when we drove back, they weren't there. Coincidental? Hrmm something was not right. My boss was talking to me about possible drug use a few days later. I told him not to do it, it was a stupid idea, and that I knew the consequences of it. I don't know what he did, but I started thinking about how awesome my life was going, had a great job, was in my own place, things were finally sorting itself out. I began to go into left brain, ego thinking. \"Nothing\" can hurt me! I then chose to start taking speed, got involved in dancing, and went nightclubbing. It then furthered into ecstasy use. Although I TOTALLY forgot that I was anti-ecstasy, I tried it, and loved it. Had some weird experiences though, I would look at my hand and thought it was quite strange that I had protruding things coming out of my palm, they were 'fingers'. I was analysing the most basic of lifes' details. I then went for a walk, and stood on a ledge, and looked down, no fear came over me. My mind was just wandering in thought when I closed my eyes. I opened my eyes and looked down again and I freaked. Why on earth would I stand so close to the edge. If I took an extra step I would have plummeted. The drop was at least 5 meters and was close to huge drainage pipes. I walked away, I decided not to use ecstasy anymore. One night leaving a nightclub, a friend of mine and I went to get some food at the food court. I turned around and I looked back, and there was a mobile phone right in front of me. I looked at it and picked it up and said to my mate. Hey did you see this before? And he goes \"nope\". \"Why don't we take it and sell it\" he said. Ok I said. I took the phone back to my place, but decided to return it to its owner. I went through the whole list of names on the phone, the only one that stuck out was 'MUM' because it was in capital letters, unlike the other names. There was no 'dad' mentioned. Also it was the only number that was stored in the phone memory and not the SIM card. So even if I swapped SIM cards, the phone would still retain that number. So I decided to call that number to speak to this persons' mother. I rang the number, someone picked up and says \"Hello, Ministry of Justice\". I got a shock! I hung up the phone immediately. What just happened? I thought that this persons' mother must work at the Ministry of Justice. So I called back, explained the situation and no one there had a son or daughter that had lost their mobile phone. So I decided to look at the names on the SIM card. I decided to check the phone number before I rang the person, as the phone only showed the persons' name not the phone number. So I did a detailed view. And skimmed through. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Every phone name in on that SIM card had the SAME phone number, except the 'MUM' one. What is going on! So I just chose the first name, and rang it. A guy answers the phone. He says 'Hello'. I said 'Hi are you Peter' and he goes 'Yes it is'. I freaked. I made that name up! There was no 'Peter' in the SIM Card. The name I chose was Aaron. So something really strange was going on. I decided to talk to him anyway and said 'Hi well, your name was on a phone I found near a Nightclub, I just wanted to return it to its owner'. There was silence and he said \"Ok, well I only know one mate that has lost his phone, could be his. Here is his home number\". So I got the number off him. I rang the bloke and he said \"Hi, Im so glad you found my phone, do you mind dropping it off at my place?\". I said \"Sure no worries\". I went over his house, quite strange, there was a parked minivan a few doors down, it was on the road. There was no car in the driveway, however there was a car on the road in front of the house, the car had no number plates. I knocked on the door, and he opened the door. Asked me to come in. Looked like your average clubber, nothing suspicious about it. I handed him the phone and he pulled out his wallet and gave me some money as a reward. I then mentioned to him about the \"MUM\" coincidence to see what he would say. He didn't say anything, just looked at nodded. Strange. Then I noticed a computer in the corner. He said, hey do you know anything about computers, I really need a hand with mine, its playing up, I think someone's hacked into it. I thought this was rather weird. Coincidently, my work was with computers, and I worked as a software/hardware technician to fix problems with computers. I knew something was definitely fishy. I said to him \"Look, I have to go now, but you have my mobile number, call me another day so I can have a look at it\". On the way home, I knew something was wrong. I prayed to whoever is the true God to protect me, to stop any possible harm coming my way because I KNEW something was up. I got out of the car to go inside my home, and my mobile phone dropped out of my pocket. It smashed. The numbers were stored on the phone, also, if this bloke tried to call me to get his computer fixed, he wouldn't be able to reach me! Wow, seems like God does answer prayers! I mentioned this incident to my friends at the time, they laughed when I mentioned the 'Ministry of Justice' scenario. I asked why they laughed, they didn't tell me why. I started to use marijuana more frequently, I would go by a friend of a friends house after a night out in the town, we'd all be smoking. They stuck on some comedies, everyone cracked up laughing, I did too at times, other times I didn't get the point of the jokes. Then I asked the owner of the place \"What's his real name\", and he looks at me angrily and basically raises his voice \"What; MY real name?\" and I looked at him realizing what I said, but it wasn't him who I was referring to. It was the character on the comedy show. After about 2 seconds, I gained composure and pointed to the TV, with a nervous tone, and said \"no, him, the guy on the TV\", and the owner said \"oh, yeh, his name is...\". Anyway, I was upset and wondered why he reacted that way, it was quite strange, unless the name he used wasn't his real name! Interesting. Then not long after that, another person rocks up to the house, lets himself in, and puts his bag on the table, turns around and sees me, and he freezes. Its' one of the nightclubs bartenders, the club we all go to. I thought, what in the worlds name would he be doing here. He then gestured to the owner of the house and they went into another room to talk privately. I decided not to stay much longer so when the marijuana's effect wore off, I left. I then recalled on the way home, this bartender at the nightclub always comes up and starts small chat with a good friend of mine. Although no one else talked to the bartender that was in our group. We all went to a friends place one morning after a night in the town. There was a new person that not many people knew, we all had got ecstacy and crushed it, and snorted it. The person not many people knew had a video camera, she asked if she could record everyone for a documentary she was making. A friend who we all knew, didn't actually take any drugs that morning, he sat by the side looking at everyone. I looked at him and he looked at me, and he smiled, winked and said to me \"evidence\". I freaked, but I had already taken the drugs. This was insane. A few days later I heard that the owner of the place took the video tape from the camera. A few days later still there were two elderly people who went looking for the video tapes. Coincidently, it wound up in my friends hands, the one that winked at me and said 'evidence'. He had them, he said he would get rid of them, I don't know what to believe anymore. Then this girl appeared out of nowhere a few weeks later. She was around 19 or so, I showed interest in her, she didn't want anything to do with me. A few weeks later, she re-appeared. She was now a girlfriend of one of my friends. She told everyone that she was from New Zealand, and that she came over a month or two ago to start a new life in Australia. At times we would chat, we became good friends, however things started to go strange. She would claim to be a user of drugs. Yet when all of us would gather together, she would not use anything other than speed, and she always had her 'own'. When someone said xnah you should try this, its better'. She would put it in a glass of water, and take about 1 hour to drink the whole glass. Although I don't know what was happening, I thought that drinking the water over an hour would have little, even no effect at all. Other times she would be busy in conversations with text messages. I asked her who they were too. She said 'oh they are from really good friends'. I said to her 'I thought you told me you don't know anyone here other than us'. She looked at me and then looked at her watch and said 'Oh, I gotta go, I have to be back at my place'. Something didn't seem right. A few months later, I decided to give ecstasy one more try, I was offered two by the dealer, who at the time was the friend that the bartender would start small chatter with, and the friend that said 'evidence' at that persons place earlier on. I said that I only wanted one, he said not to worry, he only had one anyway, and that he would give me one later on, I thought it was quite strange. Took the tablet, and I couldn't believe what was happening, it was great! So different to the others, NOTHING but complete joy. I didn't even have a come down. I told him it was great. He told me that it was government grade ecstasy, that its hard to find, and wondered if I liked it because he did. I said of course, I want another one. He said he would give it to me on new years that was coming up. I said no worries. One week before the new year, I was dancing, and many people would walk up to me and say 'hey where are you spending new years'. I said 'here'. They then said 'ok no worries' and walked off. Strange I thought, why would they walk up to me and ask where I was partying, then walk off? Either way, it didn't bother me. December 31st. I was looking for my friend, I found him, and I asked him if I could have that tablet. He said he'll go find his dealer. He came back and said 'open your hand'. I was like 'why?'. And he said 'so I can give you the tablet'. I told him why would he do that, everyone could see, why not follow protocol of drug exchange? He said why should I worry, no one has been caught before? So anyway, because of the awesome feeling I remembered, I opened my hand, and his hand was about 15 cm above mine, and he dropped it. Weird, I thought, were there just camera flashes as he was passing it on to me? I shook my head, It must have been the strobe lights. I then picked up something else. The tablet was twice the size. I questioned him on it and he said 'oh...oh yeh, don't worry, it because its twice as good as the last one'. I said 'oh even better'. I put it in my mouth, and swallowed. As I was swallowing, I felt it was very acidic, I questioned him about that, and he said 'oh..oh yeh, Hrmmm I think it may be laced with LSD'. I was phuming. How could he do that to me! Anyway, I decided to make the best of the night. Someone came up to me and zapped me on the neck with an electrical zapper. I blanked out and came too. My reality had changed. I started to go into 'left brain thinking' and started analysing everything. I noticed a vast majority of people were wearing suits, and had sunglasses on. Strange. I then noticed these people had green and blue glow sticks. When I arrived, I actually asked for blue, and they said they ran out of blue and green, and they only had a whole heap of red ones left. I stood out like a sore thumb. Not long after, someone came up to me with green glow sticks, and said 'hey, do you mind if we swap, I asked for red glow sticks, and they said they didn't have any, only blue or green'. I'm panicking, I go 'what?' Why on earth would they say that to him and not me. I was getting paranoid for something so trivial, yet I couldn't help wonder what was going on. Then I hear gun fire. It didn't phase me much, because it was actually coming from the speakers. But then I started thinking about stupid things that made no sense. I was getting scared. Not long after, I started to calm down, things were going back to normal. I then noticed this tall blonde haired woman, probably around mind 20's, wearing nothing but white. She stood out more than I did. Everyone was wearing dark clothes, except her. She looked uncomfortable, but I didn't think much of it. I looked away, looked back, and she had her hand on her head. She then showed me her hand. Why would she show me her hand, why not anyone else. It was covered in blood. I panicked. I wondered if someone threw something and it hit her on the head. Someone came up to me at that point and said 'Hey, you want to kill don't you'. I go, 'what?'. He repeated 'I know you want to kill'. I said 'what are you talking about'. He then said 'I can see it in your eyes, you want to kill'. I freaked, why was this guy saying this to me! I cornered myself on the stage, I was getting really thirsty. Someone then placed a bottle of water next to me, it had no label. I was thinking it was spiked, yet I was so thirsty. I didn't touch it. My friends by this stage weren't around, they had left me there by myself. Some friends they were I thought. Not long after that, people would come up to me, with the sunglasses and repeat 'are you alright'. At that same moment, they'd say it whilst lifting their glasses. I was analysing everything. My imagination started playing up, whilst on this drug, I was by no means to become creative. I got worse. I was caving in, and going into my own world. All I remember was thinking 'It will be over in the morning', and that is when I sat in the fetal position for the rest of the night. Eventually the morning came around. It was the new year. My friends came back, and said they'd take me home. I went down stairs and saw this guy covered in blood. It was a mixed reaction, I was concerned this guy seemed to be beaten up, yet he didn't seem phased by it, because he was talking to the bouncer in a happy type way. So I moved on. Needed a drink. Coke machine across the street had a 'out of order' sign. I began to think 'out of order?', I laughed a bit, yes at the moment my mind seems out of order. My friends and I were the only ones across the street, everyone else were outside the nightclub. A good majority of people seemed to be pointing and laughing at me. Paranoid. I just want to go home. On the way home, I noticed the new bus stop signs. It was quite strange. They were red text on black background. The only three I remember were. \"At night we shine\" \"You saw us coming\" \"We've got you working day and night\" I was freaking. The simple fact that the words \"we\" or \"you\" were being mentioned, I believed they were messages for me. At the time I had no idea what they meant, but I knew they were for me. A little later I recalled trying to analyse them. \"At night we shine\" refered to me. At night I shine, during the day I work, at night I take drugs. Then later still I thought it meant the stars. At night the stars shine. Either way it made no sense. \"You saw us coming\" referred to me believing I was being targeted. Could \"us\" mean police? I saw the police coming? I now recall all the events that lead up to that night, and yes, now I realize, but of course because I didn't dwell on things, and I knew I had nothing to hide, why should I be worried? \"We've got you working day and night\" referred to when I had two jobs, the normal computer job, and the paper round at night. Didn't make a big deal though. Then I went to my mates place, started watching TV, and the fireworks would be shown, and I started panicking again, the lights were affecting me. Then not long after the fireworks, they'd zoom into the presenters, and they were indoors. Yet they had sunglasses on! I freaked! What in the world is going on. So I was just sitting there, and another friend calls asking if I was alright. He was the one who was dating the New Zealander. He said he was coming over. Him and his girlfriend arrived, when I saw her, I couldn't help but think she was an undercover police officer. I gave her a look and she froze when she saw me. She told my mate she was going to wait outside. A little while later, my mate then offered to take me back to his place to calm down a little more. So I went outside and his girlfriend was standing by his car, and I said, you can take the front seat, I need to lay down in the back. She was insisting I sat in the front seat. I told her no, but she kept carrying on, what was the big deal! We got to my mates place, and I laid down. Then my mates girlfriend stormed out of the house carrying all her belongings. I asked my mate what was going on, he said he didn't know. I couldn't cope, I wanted to go home and face the music to my mum, and brothers. On the way home, there was a picture of a dwarf, doing the heil Hitler sign, and above it were the words \"WORLD LEADER\". I then remembered that at the time I was using the nickname 'dwarf and that I chose the nickname for loving the tv show Yed dwarf. A sci fi series. The drug still hadn't worn off by now, it was about 3 days. I went to the only doctor that was available in the area. When I was driven there. We turned onto the street. It was on 'Stalker' street. I panicked. What is going on! I sat down in the seats, and I was given a magazine. It was a face with sunglasses drawn around the eyes of the person. I panicked. I then looked at other magazines. I walked around the whole room. Every magazine had drawn sunglasses on the cover! Oh boy this is too coincidental. Walked into the surgery, and the lady doctor asked me what was wrong. I explained the whole situation, and her face of concerned changed to disappointed. She said 'You have taken an LSD based drug. You will see messages in adverts and movies thinking they are referring to you'. I was like 'movies?' then I said 'well the advert thing is already bothering me'. So she said she'll prescribe me tranquilizers to calm me down. I agreed. Went to the chemist, and for some weird reason, a lot of people got out of their cars in unison, and went inside the chemist before I did. Coincidently, they were all wearing sunglasses. I was panicking. I went inside, and I walked up to the counter, and said 'Excuse me, can I please have this prescription filled'. He looked at me and he said 'Have you had anti-depressants before'. I say \"excuse me? These are tranquilisers'. He said 'No, I'm sorry, but these are prescription for anti-depressants'. I said 'ok whatever, just give them to me'. So I turned to walk out, and everyone seemed to have left the chemist. I walked outside and they were all getting into their cars. Very very strange. On the way home, there was another poster on the bus stop. It was a street sign that said \"SAFER\" and the name of the type of road was \"DVE\". The photo was taken from underneath, the sign was behind the sky with clouds. I mentioned this about how DVE meant DIVE. The driver said it was about safer driving. le DVE = DRIVE. I said no, that DRIVE = DRV, and that is how it is spelt on normal street signs. To him it meant drive, to me it meant dive. When I noticed the way the shot was taken, ie it was in the sky. To me it meant to dive off a building. I was quite worried about this and even more so, when I came across another advert of a swimmer with black goggles on, which look similar to sunglasses, and the words behind him it said \"why don't you take a dive\". It was getting worse when I remembered the movie \"Vanilla Sky\". When Tom Cruise chose his failsafe action, and to come out of the cryogenic type sleep, he had to dive off the building. Crikey, if the drug was working 100%, I could have done that! I'm still here though. Thank God. I saw many posters with similar themes. Usually they had pictures of cameras with the words \"shoot\" behind them. Average person thinks camera shot. In my paranoid state of thinking it meant to \"shoot\" a gun. Nothing but negativity. It was insane! Went home, and I took one anti-depressant. Half an hour later, my world was a different place. Anti-Depressant mixed with LSD The tablet had kicked off the drug again, yet it was 3 times as bad as when in the nightclub. It all seemed so 'surreal'. I knew what that word meant, and I was living it. I started blaming everyone around me for putting me through this. For my friend who gave me the tablet. For my other friends who abandoned me. For the doctor who lied to me and made it worse. Yet I never blamed myself for taking the tablet. Yeah that's right, my responsibility. If the police were involved with drugging me, they covered their bases. They did everything to setup the situation, yet they didn't cross the line into 'breaking' the law. I stepped over and just took the bait. It was my fault in the end, my fault alone. This really hurt me. Yet I still had no idea why it would be done to me. As the anti-depressant was getting stronger, my body was getting heavy, it got to the stage that I couldn't move. Then I noticed sweat was pouring off me. I was getting scared, I didn't know what was going on. Then for some reason, memories started surfacing. Any memory, memories upon memories upon memories. They seemed like air bubbles floating up through water and then burst as it reached the air at the top. These memories were surfacing and when I remembered something bad I did, it was the 'burst'. An explosion feeling came over me, it was the negativity of the drug that was felt, a negative pinging sensation. Oh no, I drank ALL the drink when I wanted a drink, not a little bit, I was selfish \"BOOM\", the thought exploded into a physical reaction. Oh no, I kissed the teacher on the cheek before going to class, everyone hated me \"BOOM\", the thought exploded into another physical reaction. Oh no I've written stories of trying to make police go into a different direction in creative writing stories regarding DNA \"BOOM\", the thought exploded into a physical reaction. It was going insane. I couldn't control the memories, everything good - disregard. Everything bad - amplify. I was convinced I was the most evil person on the planet. Seemed like a truth serum of sorts. I would tell my own family who were the only people I trusted, what I've done wrong in life. It felt good to actually tell it. If I lied, I felt a negative physical reaction, the pinging would take effect. I could not lie! They took me to the psychiatrist because of this. I couldn't lie, yet the only way to stop saying the truth was to keep my mouth shut. I explained everything except the connection scenario. For weeks on end, no psychiatrist could diagnose me. I went to work before this though, I tried to work anyway, I couldn't write properly, couldn't structure sentences when writing. I had received over 500 or so e-mails for people wanting help. I couldn't do it. I was locked into my own thoughts. At that time, the whole room filled with a bright light. I wondered where the light was coming from. I looked out the window, and there was this ute parked across the street, the back was facing where I was at. There was this man, looking towards the house, and adjusting the rear window of the ute, at one stage, the brightness of the sun bounced off the window and hit my eyes, at that same moment too, the room filled with the bright light. As the light hit my eyes, the drug kicked off again. A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. I went to answer it and it was that same guy! What is going on! He says 'Hi is your mum home?'. I replied. \"Sorry, I don't live here, I work here\" and he said \"oh sorry, do you mind if I speak to your mum\". I replied with \"I told you, I work here\". He then said one more time \"Oh sorry to bother you then, do you mind if I speak to someone else then, perhaps your mum?\". I was ready to knock this guy out, then I thought I could get done for assault. So I left, went got my boss, and he took over the handling the situation. On the way home, from work, I noticed identical utes following me. There were three of them, all dodging traffic on the freeway. I was just hoping I wouldn't get pulled over by the police due to driving under the influence. Yet these utes seemed to corner me. One in front and the other two on either side. I slammed on the brakes, and pulled out of the formation. Then as we went past a parked car on the freeway, which at the time seemed to be a Telstra car, my interior light went on! It happened about 50 meters before passing the car. Then about 50 meters past, the light turned off. I was panicking! I turned on the radio, and heard the traffic report. Coincidentally, my usual route had a traffic accident, so I decided to take a different one. To my surprise, there were Minivans everywhere on the route home. I couldn't help but remember the TV series \"Stingers\". They would all use the same type of minivans for surveillance operations. Then I remembered the Minivan parked near the house where I returned the mobile phone. Oh no, they are really trying hard aren't they! I had to compose myself. I had to not think about it. Then an advert came on the radio. It was an advert on a product to make cakes. It was a type of pre-mixture in a tube that has caramel to be squeezed on top of the icing. However even though this was mentioned, I couldn't help but analyse everything, even this silly little advert. It went similar along the lines of this: \"Give, your mum the tube with caramel in it for her to make a cake, wouldn't you like your mum to make you a beautiful cake, she would be able to squeeze the last drops out of it, and wipe the last bit of with her finger and put it in her mouth, swallowing, feeling proud at what she has done for you, just like a mother should? Buy \"so and so\" and allow your loved one to make you the most amazing cake!\" Then the jingle started playing. The simple fact that the word \"mum\" was used tied me to the events of that day when that guy came to my door. He kept repeating the same thing over and over. But I couldn't help but feel utterly disgusted at what was happening. I quickly switched radio stations, and the jingle was playing at the same spot on the other station. Quickly change again, and AGAIN, the jingle was playing on the other station. WHAT IS GOING ON! When I got home, I didn't want to talk to anyone, no one believed me. Everything was so messed up. I decided to quit work, and never went back. I did tell them though that I was late due to a traffic blockage on my usual route home. They told me there was no problems with traffic anywhere. I checked on the internet, and they were right, there was no traffic problems on my usual route. That was very weird, but under my circumstances, it seemed like a normal day for that week. My brother who was overly concerned, told me if I wanted to go get something to eat. I told him I needed to go to the bank, to get some money out. He asked me how much I should have in there, I said I should have around 200 to 250 dollars. Went to the ATM, and withdrew 20 dollars. I looked at the remaining balance. It was $666.25. WHAT IS GOING ON! I showed my brother the receipt, and he looked at me and said \"what, so now you think you're the devil\". I responded to him \"No, but probably everyone else does!\". He started yelling at me and cursing at me. I kept onto the receipt though. I showed it to a cousin, he looked at me, and was probably the only one who believed me to some degree, he totally backed off at the time when I showed him the receipt. This simple connection of 666 to the \"WORLD LEADER\" to Dwarf to me, began to make sense. For a long time I would believe I was the devil in the flesh. How could things go so wrong. A while later, I went home and decided to watch tennis, what could possibly go wrong here, it's a sport. Little did I realize, that of course, during major sporting events, there are heaps of advertising. First thing I noticed was the KIA logo. The logo had the A without the horizontal bar. So basically it looked like to L's joined at the top. IE \"kill\". I panicked. Then the camera was zooming into the players as they hit the ball, I couldn't see what was in front, only what was in the distance. On the wall behind both players was the word \"SKILLED\". At times, the \"S\" would be removed and left \"KILLED\". Oh for crying out loud! I was getting very annoyed. I then remembered that there was still problems with the digital transmission, a few white lines would go across the screen of analog TV's. Before I heard this, I knew something was fishy. All it did was induce paranoia. I then watched the new a current affair show. The presenter had one wonky eye, the background was in reds. The first story was about an exorcism. I linked it all together, and thought. This is hell on earth. Not long after that, the show went back to normal, with the usual presenter. Things now started to believing I was the devil in the flesh. This was insane! One time, I was trying to work on our car, a family member was asking me to see if I could see where the timer was flashing in unison with a revolving part of an engine. I don't understand cars very much. I looked, and the flashing of the light was triggering the drug again. I looked away, and he insisted I look back. So I did, it made it worse. I told him I couldn't look anymore. He then said to get in the drivers side and put my foot on the gas. I told him how can I do that, if the engine had no lid on it, using logic I thought. He said to do it anyway, I said its impossible, he started having a go at me and yelling, as he picked me up by the collar, and pulled me out of the car, he jumped in and started revving the engine, the noise of the engine was making the drug worse, I started to lose touch of my own reality, things were getting distorted, I looked over at the engine with oil splattering everywhere, and a duplicate engine next to the car which was used for spare parts. I yelled at him to stop and told him that we needed to stick the engine on the side, ontop of the engine in the car and use the elastic bands that were on the floor to join them both together so the car would drive. He was going ballistic and continued having a go at me. I didn't know what was going on. I ran inside and slammed the door in my room. I started to calm down and I realized what I was actually thinking. It was nuts! I decided to concentrate on a small dot on the wall and close the curtains and sit on the bed staring. Just concentrate I thought. It worked, I totally calmed down, the effects wore off in a few minutes. I went into the kitchen, he was there. I sat down at the dinner table, he was there. He said to me if I remembered my mate during highschool. I told him I didn't have any male friends, and he said, yes you did, the one who's girlfriend you dated after she broke up with him. I freaked. Oh him, yeh what about him. He said he drove past his place to check out how the car was driving, and there were two police cars and one supped up car in front of his house, he said whether I knew anything. My mind started to wander. \"No\" I said. Strange. I eventually recovered, the weird thoughts disappeared, and the drug took at least 3 months to wear off. I still believed what happened to me was real, but I didn't believe I was the devil in the flesh, I just thought whoever drugged me, wanted me to think that. It did seem like a conspiracy, but it was totally illogical, and due to the fact that I use logic a lot, I came to the conclusion that it was grandeur delusions. It had to go back to the most simplest form. If the police want to catch someone, they would go to all their powers in high profile cases without breaking the law, and bait their suspect. I know they have the wrong guy. I was then thinking, about the pharmaceutical companies, how they are able to make anti-psychotics. I figured, if that was possible, its entirely likely that they can make drugs that make people psychotic. This would explain my situation. I then figured that what better way to make a target feel they are being targeted than just making them believe it without actually doing it. I mean, the amount of money spent on surveillance on a criminal would be huge. Why not just make them believe they are being targeted and just top up the paranoia every so often, waiting for their next move! Much cheaper, not so much work, and the entire time the target believes something is happening to them when its not! Drug them, use the time that they are under the influence to stimulate and suggest a certain thought pattern, the person takes it on, then for ever in the day, they will continue to carry out that thought process when nothing since the day the drug stopped working has ever been done again. Its just playing out in their own mind until they break! Let them go on in their daily lives and they'll crack under the pressure. At times I used to be abusive, but mentally and emotionally. I've never hit my wife, and we've known each other for 6 years. Yet we do play mind games, and she did say one day that emotional abuse is worse, because the scars are on the inside. This got to me, and I never did it again, neither did she. However this was only a few years ago, when I was younger I used to scream and yell, and became very controlling. We didn't last long, but I do recall seeing her again, she was in my ex-mates car. She must have gone back to him. Oh well I thought. Doesn't really matter now though, I'm happily married, and have a wonderful supporting family. The ex-mate I had, from the point in time when I stopped being friends with him, I was the one who was smoking cigarettes, and I was the one who dabbled in drugs back then. From my knowledge he never touched cigarettes or drugs, I am assuming he never did. We both had identical likes and dislikes, he was more of a guys guy though, rough play, jokes with the guys, I was more of the ladies talker. Things are a lot different now, my mind is trying to get back into shape from being drug induced, my likes and dislikes have changed, all because of dabbling into the wrong scene. I wonder how it would have turned out if he started to take drugs instead of me. I can only wonder. At that point, I realized that taking that one tablet on New Years Eve was the best thing that could have happened to me. I would never have met my wife, or any happiness that had grown from that relationship. I would never have met the friends I have now who totally understood my situation, they know everything that I've been through. They actually had similar experiences, yet on a different level. I look up to them, they work and now have great lives, and they help each other. I was learning something new, about being accepted, and how to accept others. And if you cannot be accepted, move on, its not up to you to convince them that you are kind, its up to them to make that decision. When I realized this, things became a lot easier. I then started taking responsibility for my own actions, I tried to not be apathetic and tried to get everyone's sympathy - this drained a lot of people. Its still a learning process, but ultimately, no one can control your life, if you don't take control of it yourself, you will be molded into something others want. My life is my responsibility, and I shouldn't blame anyone else for it. So I decided to spiritually grow. I was in search for the truth about life. I decided to go to Scientology to check it out. I did their personality test, and I was one buggered up mind. I did their IQ test, and got 136, apparently the top 5%. I didn't know what to believe though, it could all be a trick to sell me their books, I then went and did a course on identifying PTS's and Suppressives, and what to do if you identify one. I started the course, and nearly everything that was taught about being a suppressive, I could identify with. I then went to the instructor and said, \"Look, I know this sounds bad, but I think I would be classified as a suppressive\". He looked at me and said \"that's actually quite impossible.\" I said \"why?\". He said \"because suppresives would never admit to being one. It would break them so much they would totally go nuts\" I said, \"Ok then, am I a PTS then? A Potential Trouble Source?\". He said I coufd be. Fondly enough, I completed the course in 3 days. Apparently it takes 2 weeks. Another type of tactic I thought. Make me feel special to continue staying. I then watched a video about the reactive mind. When unconscious, or when in a hypnotic state, or anything that puts you in this way, things will equal everything. So on a conscious level, you have an apple. The apple has a worm in it, and the worm has made a hole in the apple. However in the reactive mind, the apple is the worm is the hole. There is no distinction. I actually understood this. And I understood that if a physical action occurs when in this state, and if someone says something under that state. And you wake up, then someone repeats that word, you will literally feel the physical side effect of that word. So if you got knocked out by hitting your head on the left temple, words were used whilst unconscious. You came too, then someone repeated a word, you will feel the pain on the left temple. This happens MANY years down the track, it never goes away. I then realized myself, that this would explain why when someone gets a small headache, and you go \"are you alright\" they get even more of a headache, because the words \"are you alright\" would have been said whilst that person was knocked out. It's a psychosomatic reaction. It made perfect sense. I thought I was in the right place. I re-did the personality test after the course, and l/3rd of my graph jumped into 'high levels', meaning I've achieved the goal. I was on my way to success they said, and I thought \"yen, by you molding my mind\". I then noticed someone in the centre. I recognized them from somewhere, I don't remember where, but I did. I then did a few Sunday sessions, with this guy that I remembered, I was getting confused though, he came up to me and said \"are you alright\". I go 'err what'. The first thing I remembered when he said that, was being on the drug, on the LSD many months before, when someone came up to me and said \"are you alright\". When he actually said it though, I experienced the sensation of being on the drug. I said to myself \"hold on, this is weird, he repeated to me what I heard in the nightclub, yet I experienced a psychosomatic reaction\". And then it hit me. I knew where I saw this guy before. I went online, and started researching LSD, anti-depressants, and Psychosomatic events. Apparently, when on a hallucinogenic, the mind behaves the same way as a reactive mind would when unconscious. This would explain why I was tieing things to each other which made no sense. An apple is a worm is a hole. Dwarf is a World Leader is 666. Reactive mind at its best. But LSD? Then it hit me. I KNOW where I saw that guy before. He was the one at the door that kept repeating to me \"Hi is your mum home\" over and over! I couldn't believe it! The head Scientology president at the local centre was the guy at the front door! So I kept my cool. I decided to continue going to the centre for further training, I learned about their global agenda, apparently I wasn't supposed to be in the seminar, but I was, I was pulled out before It finished though, however I heard enough and it began to make sense. Their global agenda is \"For the survival of the human race\". This meant they would do anything and everything to remove PTS's and Suppressive people from the planet. This includes fundamentalists in religion, and criminals. The fundamentalists in religion would be certain factions of Islam, and Christianity who believed in Armageddon. The actual point of the seminar, was not the mentioning of the global agenda, was the fact that the speaker mentioned that they've nearly succeeding in completing the goal! Completing to get rid of suppressives, criminals etc? How on earth could they do that! This was quite odd, they 'allow' for anyone to join their religion, yet they don't believe the prophecies in either Quran or Revelations in the Bible. The criminal side of things was totally understandable though. I researched further. I then realized that they called the soul 'thetan'. In some accents it sounds like 'satan'. Then at one stage they decided to give me their 'secret' phone number, a priority number. I found it odd that it ended in 666. Yen give any Christian this number and they'll definitely return. Hypocrites I thought. I stayed a little longer though, till I could get enough information on their practices. I then discovered a processing session. They would repeat things over and over. Identical I thought to the nightclub scene of someone telling me about \"kill\" and of course, it confirmed the guy who came to my door and said \"hi is your mum home\" over and over. It had to be the same person. From their perspective I was a suppressive, in their religion, they know how the mind works, differently to psychology or psychiatry, but they know. And I always thought, if you have the technology to do good for the world and enhance greatness, you can use it to manipulate the minds of suppressives and remove them. They were succeeding with me I thought. But I won't let them get to me. This explained the whole Dwarf, devil scenario, reactive mind. It made sense, so now I understand. It was a technique used to make me think things that in a reactive mind seems real. But my reactive mind became my thoughts, and became at the conscious level, and I was molded with the suggestive imprinting of adverts. So I decided to look into conscious imprinting. This only occurred during hypnosis. You would be given a trigger whilst under the trance, and when you saw that trigger, you would act a certain way. I recall one online video of someone saying \"When I tap my sunglasses, you will know it is referring to you, and you will walk like a chicken\". It worked like a charm. The hypnotherapist tapped his sunglasses, the guest saw the gesture, knew it was for him, and started walking around like a chicken. Then I had a flashback. Sunglasses, whenever someone took off their sunglasses, or lifted them, they would say something and at the nightclub it was referring to me. So a suggestive imprinting. If I saw it again, ANYWHERE, I would think it was relating to me. So even though this only happened during the 3 months of being under the influence, I looked at movies and adverts where sunglasses were involved. BINGO. First movie I looked at was The Matrix'. Because this movie was FULL of sunglasses, I couldn't make out what was happening. So this failed in this movie. I then watched some others, one movie that stood out, was There's something about Mary'. There was one scene, and as the driver was putting on his sunglasses, he said \"Must be a stalker\". I wrote it down. I KNEW it wasn't relating to me, because it was an international movie, a global conspiracy against me personally? Yeh right! I could see how it could affect people, if they were pre-dispositioned to look for that, that is. If they were under hypnosis and told to believe whenever someone tapped or removed/put on the sunglasses that it would be referring to them. So if it works in hypnosis, ie the reactive mind, then it would work on hallucinogenic too. This explained my situation. The movies were not made to target me, but, I couldn't figure it out. What was happening? I would react a certain way during sunglasses scenes during the 3 months under the LSD, but not anymore, now I'm consciously looking for it. Others who haven't progressed to what I knew about what was happening, believed it was relating directly to them. Then the thought of Scientology came up. Their'global agenda'. To remove suppressives and PTS's from the planet. Did I stumble onto a technique of their global agenda? Could they be directors/producers/script writers for Hollywood. Its entirely possible, I mean Tom Cruise and John Travolta are scientologists, and they are in Hollywood, so why can't directors/producers/script writers also be? These people are at high OT levels. What I learned in the religion, I hadn't even made it to clear yet! So if I could find out what I did at my entrance level, imagine the possibilities they have been taught at the advanced levels! I realized they are succeeding, and good on them in a way, this world cannot go through war, and destruction of the human race based on religious beliefs. It needs to be sorted out before it gets that far. However I do think they targeted me, possibly fitting a suppressive profile, but they definitely got the wrong guy. Because they got the wrong guy, I was able to stand to a side and look at it objectively. I feel like I know whats happening now. These movies were not made for me, they were targeted at people who they believe are suppressives, and in their own minds, they would believe its directed to them! This got me really interested in other forms of triggering effects. I started watching criminal movies, on profiles of extreme cases. I found it interesting that a lot of hard core criminals, would reduce their level of thinking to tattoo the word \"mom\" or \"mum\" or \"Dad\" on themselves whilst in prison. I researched on the internet, and bingo, I was right. The hardcore criminals, have two types of upbringings by their parents. Totally neglected, or totally loved. I then remembered my childhood. Totally loved. Recalling the compassion I gave to others because of how my own mother was to me, I seemed to fit this profile. However it was different. The totally loved criminals were categorized as \"implosive\" and the ones with neglect would be categorized as \"explosive\". Where have I heard this before? I then recalled the movie \"Anger management\". The totally loved one, would block their feelings, and react at a time when it all goes wrong, goes to work and blows the brains out of everyone. The explosive is the criminal who goes stealing cars, taking drugs, doing it consistently. The more dangerous is the implosive or loved one, you can never work out when something will go wrong. So during some research in people who are very sensitive, and anxious, they react to certain types of visuals/sounds. Again, theses themes I realized belong to crime related dramas. I decided to watch a couple of episodes and bingo, I hit the nail on the head. I noticed the technique. Interesting I thought, so I wrote it down. A certain event happened which matched my criteria. Gave the association of the reactive mind. The average person would not see it, people who were on hallucinogens, sensitive/anxious, hypnotic or your implosive sociopath would either consciously or subconsciously be aware of it. I then saw a very old movie, called \"The Manchurian Candidate\", same techniques. I then found out a remake was being made. When the remake was released, they used similar techniques. Coincidently, these movies were based on 'mind-control'. How blatant is that. So without going into further details about all the movies watched, all episodes of crime related dramas (and even non crime dramas), there was a constant theme with this. The sensitive person would subconsciously or have a reactive mind psychosomatic reaction. The basics were along the lines of this: \"We will get you\" \"We are waiting for your next move\" \"You cannot run, you cannot hide\" \"Do it one more time\" \"Do it for your mum/mom/mother/mummy\" \"You are insane/crazy/nuts\" \"Stop being insane/crazy/nuts\" \"You will destroy the world/human race/humanity\" \"You are a disgrace to society\" \"Go kill yourself\" Etc.. etc.. Coincidently, the movies which had such themes were Tom Cruise and John Travolta Movies. If I am correct, I'm sure movies with Jenna Elf man, and Giovani Ruibissi would involve the same subliminals. Dramas such as law type themes, would have these, during certain episodes of your normal day shows such as Home and Away, and Neighbors, use the same tactics, especially during heavily advertised episodes. I am almost certain that similar themes will be used in upcoming movies such as V for Vendetta, Ice age 2, Da Vinci Code, 666, the Beast, Mission Impossible III and any other such movies. I now realized there was a global conspiracy, but It could not be proven, it was speculation and gathering up of situations that it occurred. The global conspiracy was not targeted at an individual, it was targeted at a group of individuals that seem to hold down the advancement of the human race. I then thought a little further. Criminals who watch episodes law type themes, would use it purposely in their own crimes. So it's a honeypot. The criminals watch these dramas to get ideas, just subconsciously they were being stimulated with the opposite. I then realized the obviousness of the truth. Conspiracy itself, it's a conspiracy. CONspiracy. It's a CON! Conspiracy related websites, I found would most likely be honeypots. All heavy discussions would be monitored! What a brilliant idea! So I started thinking about the Roswell crash. On the 50th anniversary the officials stated that the bodies recovered were crash dummies. Everyone yelled (conspiracy/coverup'. But I decided to further investigate, the test dummies were made about 2 to 3 years after the crash. So it was a lie. But why would they make a silly mistake like that? These are the people that take charge of war, and have super intelligence, yet they bungle a one day event, something that is related to conspiracy, and the reaction is more anger towards them. Something was not right. It then clicked. Perhaps it was intentional? That actually made quite a lot of sense. The conspiracy behind Roswell was not that a UFO landed, it was the fact that it was MADE to look like a conspiracy and MADE to look like a cover up. Whilst everyone is shouting conspiracy, they are falling into the hands of the people involved! A Honeypot. These are the people that MUST be monitored! September llth 2001. Two planes hit the World Trade Centre towers. A plane goes into the Pentagon, another crashes. Conspiracy theorists jump up and down, I took the same equation into this scenario. People were talking about bomb blasts then the towers collapsed in demolition style. The pentagon crash people saying there was not enough plane debris and all sorts of reasons that a plane couldn't have crashed in there. Ok this is possibly true, but the mistakes made seem more intentional rather than accidental. Its dividing the world again, its making people like Bush say \"You are either with us, or you are with the terrorists\". Conspiracy theorists would be classified as Terrorists. Conspiracy Theorists would be classified as Suppressives. I shook my head in disappointment. I agree with the overall agenda, to have a world of peace, I disagree with the way they are doing it though, if this seems to be the case. Simple technique of Divide and Conquer. Then I watched Tomb Raider, about the Illuminati, I didn't know what the Illuminati were, but in this movie, they are people who rule the world, and want world domination. I then came across the word illuminati on the internet. I searched and was quite astounded, that they have satanic connections, and rituals. Was rather astonished at the families that were connected, who in turn were related to the Bushs', and many other presidential candidates, and political leaders of the entire planet. I then read up on Mormonism. Discussing with a church leader, he said that Adam and Eve were supposed to eat off the tree of knowledge of Good and Evil. I then later found documents on the internet that high ranking Mormons pledge allegiance to Lucifer. At the time I thought it meant Satan. I then found out that Mormonism was founded by a 33rd degree Freemason and that the sacred undergarments have freemasonry symbolism on them. Because of the Lucifer connection to Mormonism, I thought it linked to Freemasonry as well. I then found out that there may be 'higher' ranking freemasons than the 33rd degree, and is called the degrees of the illuminati. Then the satanic connection came up again. I didn't believe the world was being run by Satanists, devil worshipers etc.. especially since I find that Hollywood has a large infiltration of scientologists who demand the preservation of the human race, and that the themes of many high profile tv series have the same themes. It didn't make sense. I then received a book on ancient Deities, I was reading it from beginning to end. I came across Lucifer. It stated \"Referred to in the bible as the angel of light, who sat at the right hand of god, who was the morning star, and wanted to force good onto everyone. SOMETIMES referred to as satan\". I thought this was strange. I went and skipped to Satan in the book and it said \"Prince of Darkness, the name given to Lucifer after the fall from grace\". I eventually forgot about this. I furthered my investigations into the symbolism of the supposed illuminati. George Washington statue has his right hand up and left hand down. I found a picture sitting next to it. It was of the baphomet doing the same stance, yet it had a pentagram on the forehead. The Pentagram I thought was satanic. Again, the book of deities referred to a possible difference between Lucifer and Satan. I then researched. Luciferians, the philosophy is based on the choosing to do the right hand, choosing to do good, to develop spiritual enlightenment. Left hand up is referred to as Satanism. Choose materialistic, and physical reality pleasures, choose to stand on anyone that gets in your way for total success, do anything to succeed. Luciferians lay claim to the baphomet, pentagram, and 3 horned god salute. 3 horned god salute? I researched this itself, and found many picture of George Bush, Bill Clinton, Prince William, and other celebrities doing the salute. It was with the right hand! Did I stumble onto something else here? When everyone is yelling conspiracy to these people, they may be falling into another honeypot! I started looking into symbolism, supposedly there are occultists that believe that buildings with important significance represent a phallic symbol, such as the WTC Towers. When destruction of these symbols occur, it's a symbolic message that power will be removed from that nation. Could the power of the USA be removed? Could the stock market crash? No idea, but it may be possible. I then started thinking about Arnold Swarzanegger, about how he's trying to run for president. Hrmm, wasn't Demolition man, about good vs bad, that there was a library called the Swarzaneggar library. Because it was a memory of him being president! Errrrr WHAT? This could all be set up! I thought that the USA may be divided into two countries, Arnold being the president of one, and someone else the other. I then thought about his movies, Terminator series. Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Biblical reference, heh. Terminator 3: Rise of the machines. RISE of the MACHINES. POINTLESS sunglasses references in the 3rd movie, yet its about RISE OF THE MACHINES. ROBOTS, MIND-CONTROLLED HUMANS. THE RISE OF THESE PEOPLE. ARGH!!!! Insane insane, cannot happen, not possible! I started to calm down. I came across more occultic references to Horus and Osiris. Apparently the Perth Bell tower is a representation of the \"RISE\" Of Horus. RISE OF THE MACHINES! Wait a minute. RISE? HEY! That is the nightclub where I took the drug! \"THE RISE\", \"THE RISE OF HORUS\", \"THE RISE OF THE MACHINE(S)\". BRAINWASHED, MIND-CONTROLLED, PROGRAMMED. ARGH!!!!!!!! Hold on, this is too freaky, Terminator series is based on TIME-TRAVEL! Its based on a RE-PROGRAMMED robot to save humanity! OH FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! THIS CANT BE HAPPENING! I started to calm down, as I realized I was connecting to things that had no actual connection. I mean, it could have been worse if I took the drug at \"THE CHURCH\" nightclub. That would have totally messed me up! Again I started to calm down, and got back to reality. And started thinking about luciferian concepts, this is probably why in mormon churches there are statues of adam and eve at the sacrificial alter, with wheat and fruit on the altar, and a lamb sleeping next to it. Indicating 'Cains' preference to Abels in the bible. It means that any sacrifice of any kind seems to be acknowledged as negativity, and any improvement of spirituality, is classified as luciferianism! It seems clearer to the fact that the basics of freemason to do charitable work, is infact true, and not a conspiracy, but the conspiracy of their doings, is in itself a conspiracy if it can be understood? The scientologists, freemasons, and illuminati members, want the continuation of the human race! This is a fair call! It seems to me, that religion itself, and criminals, suppressives etc.. are the ones who seem to be holding down the advancement of the human race at every level! Religions causing war, one faith has to be more truthful than the other, these people fight for their own cause, yet they don't realize that most religions stem from the one place! Between a simple brotherly dispute In a family ages ago. One brother founded Christianity, and the other founded Islam! Yet in both faiths, sacrifice to god seemed to be accepted, yet in current days, there are only a few faiths that uses sacrifice. Cain offered wheat to god, god said no, and accepted abels slaughtered lamb. Jesus crucified: murder! Then there is the tradition of eating the bread symbolizing the eating of jesus's flesh, and drinking the grapejuice/wine symbolizing the drinking of jesus's blood. Can someone say Cannabilism and Vampirism! It all seemed totally backwards! On one hand you have gods chosen people whos' faiths are based on sacrifice, rituals, symbolism, and these acts suggest negative connotations, yet on the other hand, the people who are in control, seem to be classified as Satanists, but in possible reality they are luciferians, and luciferians are classified as evil by all major religions! What is going on? I then had to find out, to go back to the most popular themes in movies, ones with philosophical thinking, and one of the most recent, and greatest movies ever made that has so many themes. The Christians see Christian references, Satanists, see satanic references, conspiracy theorists see conspiracies etc.. \"The Matrix\". I started to analyse this movie, it all seemed OK, until Morpheus asked IMeo to choose between the Red Pill, and the Blue Pill. The Red pill meaning the truth, the blue pill meaning go back to sleep and believe whatever you want to believe. I then noticed the Red Pill is in Morpheus's right hand. Choose to do good. Then I realized something. The truth? le become god-like? It then hit me. This particular scene is based on iuciferian belief. It could possibly mean the whole 3 are of the same theme in one way or another. Right hand = Tree of Knowledge = Truth = Red Pill. Neo CHOSE the Red pill! The whole Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden, not doing gods choosing, by eating the fruit off the tree of knowledge of good and evil, is a luciferian concept, not satanic! It made sense now why the Mormon church leader said they were \"meant\" to eat off that tree, possibly because they were! And now why it may be true that the higher ranking Mormons pledge allegiance to Lucifer, because it's the choice to do right! If you follow the standard 'god-like' stance of the bible, you will never progress, because if you do not follow the straight and narrow path, you will be damned to hell for eternity! What kind of God is that! Sounds like a Dictator to me! I don't believe God is like that! And to continue to follow in religions where in the end it says \"you will all die, you have to follow the straight and narrow path, otherwise you will go to hell on judgment day\" seems like you place yourself in a situation where you don't believe in hope, and the only hope you strive for is a belief in salvation when you die! It seems more and more likely that the conflicts of religion is the CAUSE of the destruction of the human race, and if people keep following such a belief, it will most likely happen! Again the agenda of the scientologists, and possible freemasons, is a great one, I just disagree on how they are doing it! But what choice do they have. If they used the entire police force to capture all suspected criminals, the law courts would be inundated on cases, taking many years to complete. The jails would be overloaded, and it seems like a hopeless cause. What better way to do it on a progressive method, when the mind of the criminal fractures and they say \"ok ok I give up\" walk out and hand themselves in, in their OWN time. Some will probably end their own lives, others will react with doing another crime, another situation where they can be caught. So instead of doing it al! in one hit, they control the thoughts subliminally and then these criminals stuff up and get caught in their own time, a progressive one by one agenda, rather than all in one go when resources could be used up. Where will they put all these people? There is not enough room in the existing jails. I researched. I came across the New World Order detention camps. Supposed for people who are anti-nwo. Oh boy. Seems like they already have set up huge camps to re-educate these people. This place is for the conspiracy theorists, suppressives, criminals, anti-socials, insane. The ones who facilitate the negatives on life! I expect a huge global event, perhaps episode after episode of any tv show you watch, any advert you watch, the theme will be the same \"come out of the closet\" would be the message. \"Don't be a coward\" would be another one. Expect a revolution, one which amplifies the existing governments but molded into a dictatorship type role, a role where you have to abide to, a role where good is forced and bad is removed. The right to choose will be removed, freedom will be a thing of the past. Is this the New World Order? Perhaps. But at least life will go on, its time for people to wake up and choose to do the right thing, so this doesn't have to be forced onto everyone. CHOOSE to do good. At the moment though, it's a matter of \"Do as I say, not as I do\". What do you expect me to say. I was always anti this and anti that. I became my own worst enemy. What I felt was right, I didn't do anything about it. What was wrong, I eventually did it. I now have to try and make amends, and try and get back into life. And now do myself what I say to myself. I feel there is hope to the world. I feel that something is going to happen to force the unification of the planet, to remove the negative components out of every aspect of life, unite the world to save the world to put differences aside and fight as the human race, insane minds will be fixed with or without the use of medication, but may be better for governments without medication, due to having to fork out money to treat these people through benefits schemes. Hypnosis is dangerous, medication removes the symptoms but don't fix the cause. There has to be a better way, scientologists believe they have the answer, I personally do not think that, I think they may be heading in the right direction, but I think there is more to it than that. It has to be done on a level that anyone can do it without the feeling of persecution. I don't like talking negatively about religion, I do believe in the right to choose whatever you want to believe in, I just disagree on basing faith and hope that your own salvation will occur when you die, and that Armageddon has to happen for judgment day to occur. If god is really here to judge you, god will do it in its own time. Destruction of the human race should not and cannot happen. The human race must survive! Don't get me wrong, I've had enough experiences in life which make me believe God exists, and when things went wrong, it wasn't because God wasn't there for me, it was because I needed to learn a lesson, and the lessons got harder and harder if I didn't learn them the first time round. I believe in God although I don't believe God has a religion. I believe everyone is here right at this moment in time to experience a level of existence that could mold the entire level of the human race! It is a crucial point in human history, the world overcame WWI it overcame WWII, and the next step is to overcome the next obstacle, and that is to prevent the destruction of mankind! I was thinking recently, about a situation, there are a group of people sitting around a table inside a house. There is an electrician, a plumber, a conspiracy theorist, a Christian, a Muslim, a psychotic, a depressive, and a child. There is a bang, and the light globe cuts out. No electricity. The electrician says \"Must be a wiring problem\" The plumber says \"Could be a burst water main, water may have got into the power main\" Conspiracy Theorist says \"Its probably the government, this whole thing is a setup\" The Christian says \"Praise the lord that it didn't get any worse\" The Muslim says \"Praise Allah that it didn't get any worse\" The psychotic says \"Well that's weird, the dark sucker (globe) failed to vacuum the darkness, removing the dark so the light could exist, now the darkness is back because the globe let it escape\" The depressive says \"Oh dear, its dark, its cold, there's no food we can eat, this is depressing\". And the child says \"It was just a bang, and the light turned off\" It was quite simple really. It made me think about education, about how through the education system we are told how to think and learn, and deciding on your profession, or your lifestyle will depend totally on how you view life. The child in the end, who had little experience went to the most basic level. The child said just what happened, and didn't need to give an explanation why. There simply was a bang, and the light turned off. One day I started to panic about what I had discovered, whether all in my mind, or whether it was real, at that moment I didn't care, it simply existed in my mind as fact. I became very anxious and was rather frustrated that no one understood. So I decided to do something about it. I decided to get physically fit, I decided to get onto multi-vitamins, I decided to go on a detox. I went on the detox and everything was honky dory for a while, then at about day 10, my mind started to go funny. I would see the same messages on TV I saw 6 years ago. THE SAME ONES! They were identical. For a long time they wouldn't affect me, but for some reason, they appeared again. What was happening. I then realized that my pre-disposition to suggestive imprinting, whether intentional or coincidental was re-surfacing and making it a present moment, rather than what happened in the past, it began to affect me now. This was insane. I started noticing words such as \"exile, abandoned\" and then all of a sudden, the scariest image would affect me, it was of a snake attacking the camera that was filming. In my old way of thinking it was like the snake attacked me. At that very moment, \"survive\" was emphasized. I panicked. No not again, don't start this mess up again. Then for some reason it was more intense than it was 6 years ago, perhaps due to the fact of 6 years worth of extra knowledge was affecting me now. Addresses I lived at would refer to me. Numbers would refer to me. I couldn't believe what was going on. I decided to go to my GP for some advice, he asked me if I was still on prescription medication, I told him I had been off it for at least 7 to 8 months now, and was doing fine until doing a detox. He was angry that I would consider doing a detox. I asked why, and he responded that it was because usually you would do a detox to remove toxins from the body, and is usually done under supervision. He asked me if I believed I was intoxicated. I said no, and he said, well you do have a history of delusions, how can I be certain, I responded, well I was just reading up on the fact that it can be good for you, and he shook his head, he said it was quite dangerous. This was rather confusing as I had a discussion with another doctor on what he thought about detox, he said it was a great idea. Two doctors with two different opinions. The medical system is totally screwed up. So he said that the main concern was the fact that I was being depressed, he prescribed me an anti-depressant. I went home, and then discussed with my mother I said \"Look, here is an anti-depressant, remember 6 years ago what happened?\". I told her if I am right, that I was targeted, the anti-depressant would do the same thing. I took one tablet, but nothing happened. I went to bed and laid down, and my body started to feel heavy. Oh no, just like before. I started to sweat, my mouth became really dry, exactly like it happened 6 years ago. I would again start thinking about the screwed up life I had lived, the pinging sensation start to creep in. I started to panic, I ran to the bathroom, I looked in the mirror, and my eyes were fully dilated. WHAT IS GOING ON! 6 years later, the same effects! I then remembered the research I did, about psychosomatic reactions. This was happening again. I wondered if I would still see the same nonsense on TV. Turned it on, and bingo, the very advert that was showing had the same message. Turned the TV off. At this point I woke my mother up, told her to look at my eyes, and she acknowledged the obviousness of the truth. The anti-depressant had kicked off the LSD again. I called health direct, and they said not to go to emergency because I could react in a large crowd, but to lay some where quite and go see the doctor in the morning. He said to me that it was important that I continue taking the anti-depressants. When I hung up the phone, I swore never to take them ever again! This mental state had now affected me for a period of 2 months. I couldn't do anything, I literally was going psychotic. I would walk around pacing up and down the room, a memory of the movie 'a beautiful mind' was surfacing, when Russell Crowe would pace hearing the voices. I never heard voices, ever. I was simply battling my own thoughts, my own paranoia. Never was there someone there that didn't exist. Then I began to panic again, it came in waves. At the pinnacle of the paranoia, whenever I turned, I believed that my body was always facing the one direction, and that my legs had the power to shift the enter earth under me in the opposite direction. The result, I was turning. To everyone else, it looked the same, to me, it looked the same, the reason though, was different. That was totally messed up. I then began to think about the light globe discussion I read a while ago, that the light globe actually vacuumed darkness. INSANE! The result was the same, the explanation was different. I was losing touch of my own reality. I didn't want to be here. I wanted to escape, I didn't want to exist. I tried to commit suicide, I swallowed many tranquilizers, my heart began to slow down to a slow beat, I could barely move, I stumbled when I walked. I just wanted to close my eyes and sleep forever. I opened my mobile to call my wife who was with our daughter and my in-laws at the time. I wanted to call her to tell her I was sorry that I would leave her here with our daughter by herself. I was going to tell her to tell our daughter that I always loved her, and that she would do great in the world and that there's no way my daughter can ever see me in a state of mind that was so unnatural to everyone else. My wife believed everything that happened to me. She has heard this story many times over and even with more details. She loves me even more now, how can a person love someone like me. I was getting depressed. At the moment that I opened the mobile phone, there was a picture of my daughter as a wallpaper. I began crying, she would never know how much I loved her, and she would blame me for leaving and abandoning her. Exactly how it felt when my father left our home country and came to Australia, except there would be no way for her to ever see me. I was selfish I thought. I decided to call for help at this point, I was crying constantly over the phone, the lady on the other line kept me calm though, she asked me to get details of what I took, apparently I had taken enough tranquilizers to knock out an elephant. The ambulance came. I was rushed to hospital, I was given oxygen, I fell asleep. The next I remember was a drip in my arm, and nurses waking me up. I would fall asleep again. This happened many times. The final time I decided to stay awake, I looked at the clock, a few hours had gone by. I psychiatrist and a psychologist came to me. I explained everything that had happened. Over our discussion, they both looked at each other, and said, \"You know what, we don't believe you have paranoid schizophrenic tendencies, and there is no mention of it in your records either, for the last 6 years, the psychiatrists haven't been able to diagnose you\". I go \"WHAT?\". I was going \"what about my psychotic thoughts?, believing this and that\". He looked at me and said \"You are not the only one that has this type of thinking, the normal every day person has this!\". I was confused, and asked \"What do I have then\". He looked at me and said \"you have what many people suffer from, actually its something that nearly every person on this planet suffers from, it all has to do with the pressures of society, the pressures of trying to fit in, and when it doesn't happen, you would get a reaction like you would\". I looked at him and said \"what, stress?\". And he said \"bingo!\". Through a good few hours of discussion with the two, I came to realize that under extreme cases of anxiety and stress, the mind will start thinking the most weirdest of things. He explained to me the reason why I wouldn't have schizophrenia is that its impossible for someone who went through what I did with a drug induced psychosis, to be able to recover from it by stopping the medication instantly, and not relapse for 7 to 8 months. He said it seemed to boil down to the fact that I was under a lot of pressure to want to succeed and not being able to do it. I went home, and thought about what had happened. Could this be true? I thought, well if that's the case, then I shouldn't be affected by watching movies then. So I setup a marathon. Decided to watch Back to the future I, II, and III. Beginning of the very first one, all the clocks go off at 8:00am. I remembered thinking, heh what a coincidence, I used to live at number 8 when I took the drug 6 years ago. Then the first scene of Michael J Fox, he had sunglasses on. I squeezed the arm rest on the lounge. \"Nup, this movie was made in 1980's, how could it possibly be for me, it must be psychosis\". Fondly enough the whole movie was about time travel, I panicked, TIME-TRAVEL, LIKE TERMINATOR SERIES! They made a big deal about a newspaper clipping when Dr Emmet Brown was \"commited' which later changed to 'commended'. The positions of the people I had seen before. I looked through my photo album, I couldn't believe it. It was a newspaper article of my father being commended for something, they were all standing in the same position! I freaked. What is going on! The whole movie was about going back to November 5th 1955. Fondly enough, I recognized this to by Guy Fawkes day. I then realized that the movie V for Vendetta was about a terrorist who wanted to free the people of a totalitarian state, to free the people of the New World Order! The terrorist had the Guy Fawkes mask on. At this point I questioned a friend who had seen an advance screening of the movie, he confirmed. He said there is a scene that says \"Remember remember, the 5th of November\". This was weird. A movie about freeing the people from a totalitarian government, which seemed Anti-New World Order, also had the identical date on back to the future. I then realized V for Vendetta was made by the Wachowski brothers, the creators of The Matrix. Decided to quickly do some research on the Wachowsky brothers. I could not believe what I had discovered, but it could be disinformation, I have no idea. On one site, it says that the brothers are freemasons! I decided to keep watching. Things were ok, entertainment, and then I stuck on number 2. At one point, I decided to write a book, a sci-fi book on time-travel. Using the possibilities of time-travel in biblical references, when people would get 'revelations' of the future would be time-travel to the past to hand down information of the future, meaning revelations was a script rather than prophecy, to finally discover if Jesus actually died on the cross or whether he did in fact have children, or whether the new testament was in fact created by the Piso Roman family as some claim it to be. I thought this would be an AWESOME book, but then I decided not to and that it may be a bad idea. About 5 minutes later, Biff from the future looks at Biff of the past \"Dont be so stupid, this book will make you a millionaire\". I FREAKED! What in the world is going on! A movie about time travel, my own thoughts on how it could be used to persuade the past to influence the future, and at that very moment it seemed to relate to me writing my own book about time-travel. A movie based on time-travel telling me to write a book about time-travel. I was looping in my own mind, trying to comprehend what was happening. This was insane. I stopped number 2 and had a rest. I then started number 3. Then I realized the whole 3 movies have a reference of \"are you chicken\" and Michael J Fox would do what he didn't want to do. Then another scene of a group of people talking to Michael J Fox. They said \"If you don't go out there and fight for what you believe in, you will be a coward, and the world will know you are a coward for the rest of your days\". I panicked. I started to think about all this Dwarf references, I started to think about where my future will be. My mind was in a meltdown. So instead of watching movies, I decided to go online and get movie scripts. I had enough. I decided to look for things that affected me on a personal level, not a group of individuals level. I searched for my country of birth, I searched for the capital of my country of birth. I searched for references to Australia. I searched for references to my name, I searched for references to the number 8, I searched for very specific details about my own life and close family members. I found a WHOLE HEAP of listings. And I couldn't believe what I found. I had found most of the movies were the ones that had already affected me, yet I had not found specifics in them when I watched them before! They were \"Vanilla Sky\" about the 7 Dwarfs 'conspiring' against Tom Cruise. They were mind-control based movies such as SpyKids3D, and 'programming' which I then learned was similar to mind-control. The programming movies were 'a long kiss goodnight' about a programmed assassin, and fondly enough both Manchurian Candidate movies. Then there were references to old favourites like short circuit I and II, About a programmed robot that comes to life. There were references to my country of birth and birth dates of family members. Coincidently the robots were called SAINT. I then found movies such as 13 days, Nixon, and a Few Good Men had references. The themes within these movies were \"The governments greatest creation has gone haywire, it must be located and destroyed\". Then the Cube with \"They come like a thief in the night, only the government could create something as horrible as this\". Government this, government that, And then, a reference to a movie I picked up before, yet I hadn't picked up a specific reference. It was \"There's something about Mary\", when the driver puts on his sunglasses and says \"Must be a stalker\". My mind was going into overdrive, I could literally feel the neurons firing in uncontrolled bursts giving the psychotic way of thinking. I investigated more, I was out of control, I was getting obsessed. Then family movies with 'devil' themes came up. Such as Bedazzled. There was so many movies, all with similar themes! Now not only did I previously list movies that may affect a group of individuals, I actually listed movies which affected me personally. The themes were \"Government created\" \"Must destroy as its out of control\" \"Mind-controlled, and re-programmed\" \"Re-programmed Robot, saving humanity\" \"World Leader, will create a revolution\" I couldn't believe what I was finding. It all tied in, even to specific references 6 years ago. World Leader! ARGHM! NO I DON'T WANT TO BE A WORLD LEADER! I cant control this, I cant control my own mind, I'm losing touch of reality again, no not again, I cant even make a choice, if the future is written then no matter what choice I make its already been made, I can only understand why I made that choice. Where have I heard that before? \"THE MATRIX\". This movie is one buggered up piece of work. Its themes are on the realms of how I think. WHAT? Was the movie based on my own mind? WHAT. What did I just say to myself, HOW IN THE WORLD COULD A MOVIE BE BASED ON MY OWN MIND! This is outrageous. Logic was totally being slammed against the wall and beaten up to smithereens. At that moment, my world seemed to be like \"The Truman Show\". Then I started to remember Jim Carrey movies. Liar Liar, heh, 6 years ago, I couldn't lie because I felt forced not to. I was forced not to do anything wrong. Then a lightbulb turned on. I heard that somewhere before, someone mentioned It to me. I phoned the guy who mentioned it to me, and he said \"yen, that seems to be like the theme in the movie A Clockwork Orange\". I read the movie script. It was about a guy who was drugged, then brainwashed by watching violent acts. He could no longer do violent acts, because whenever he thought about it, he'd feel the effects of the drug. WHAT! Exactly what happened 6 years ago. Whenever I decided to do something that was not right, I felt a negative pinging sensation. BRAINWASHED! MIND-CONTROL, PROGRAMMING! This is too messed up. At that thought, I ran into the bathroom, I looked in the mirror, and yep, you guessed it, my eyes were fully dilated. I was pinging again. Jim Carrey surfaced again, all his other movies, The Cable Guy, and Bruce Almighty. Bruce Almighty? Wasn't one of the characters a Scientologist? Yes she is! I even found an interview, an interview where the host would make fun of her about their intergalactic Scientology beliefs. I just thought how could they possibly believe that, it had to be intentional disinformation! Then I saw a logo on TV during Bruce Almighty. It was of the Buffalo's basketball team. I thought it was odd, the logo looked like the devil. I searched for the logo on the internet, and I found it. However it didn't look like the devil, it looked like a buffalo. I looked away and looked back, it was the same image, but what in the world. It was a picture of the devil! My mind started switching, from one perspective it would look like the devil, if you thought differently from the other side it looked like a buffalo. It was one of the two images in one picture. I then recalled the picture of the old woman and young woman. You can see BOTH faces in the one image! So I researched the Buffalo logo and came to subliminals on the internet, and bingo, someone had many pictures, and made a reference to this basketball team logo, saying it references to the devil, and to the buffalo. The page also had the old woman, young woman picture. But Bruce Almighty had it in the movie? There was nothing devil like in the movie, it was all xgod-like', yet the only reference seemed to be a subliminal which flashed on the TV Jim Carrey was watching. Could the directors/producers coincidently just pick that picture without knowing what it could mean, or was it intentional. Then I thought, hold on, there was a language in that movie which wasn't English. I searched the script, came across the language, and put it in a translator. The word was 'diablo', I though, that was weird. Diablo means devil! For crying out loud. But I started to calm down. I realized the language was Spanish. Spanish? My mind went to another movie, to Short Circuit II. There were thugs, they would sing in Spanish \"Los locos kick your ass, los loco kick your face, los loco kick your balls into outer space!\". I put los loco in the translator. Oh my goodness. Loco meant 'Crazy'. ARGH!!!! About a programmed robot, in the first movie it was described as an alien. In the second the words 'outer space' was mentioned. ARGH!!! My mind again going into overdrive, Outerspace, aliens, invasions, then something happened. I pinged a positive sensation, it was a real adrenalin rush, did I just realize what could unite the world? AN ALIEN INVASION! WHAT! ALIENS. Oh for crying out loud. An attack, a future attack, but how, why, when, I couldn't think properly, it was totally nuts, I'M NOT PSYCHIC, HOW CAN I FIGURE THIS STUFF OUT FROM WATCHING MOVIES! If it was an invasion, it can't be forced, how is it going to happen, HOW? Again, calming down, I realized that yes; Just like Roswell, and Septll, it would be intentional, IT WOULD BE STAGED! A STAGED INVASION! IT WILL UNITE THE WORLD! ARGH!!!!!!! But but, don't know, whats going on, it will unite the world, a lot of people will believe its real, a lot of people will react the way it happened decades ago with 'WAR OF THE WORLDS'news broadcast. Radiobroadcast? IT WAS A FRIQN TEST. DECADES AGO, IT WAS A FRIQN TEST TO SEE WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF PEOPLE REALLY BELIEVED IT! Again I started to panic. I was going hysterical. What is going to happen. I BELIEVE it will be staged, lots of lives will be lost if the outcome was the same as a TEST BROADCAST. It must have been planned from day one. It must have been figured that world population would reach a climax at a certain year, that oil would run out at the same time. PEOPLE WILL BELIEVE IT! I don't know, will it seem so real that IF it does happen, IF, its IF because I'm psychotic, It could all be in my mind, but IF it does happen that I may even believe it too! People have to KNOW that it is faked, but what if I'm wrong, I don't know. I'm so confused. People just need to know to prepare, how can I do this, HOW! I don't know how to get the word out, I don't know. This is insane, Im losing it again, im going loco. Connections to this, connections to that. I was going LOCO! Loco? As in locomotive? As in back to the future III where they hijack a train? As in 'you are a coward' or 'you are a chicken'. Hypnosis video came to mind, about the guy acting like a chicken. CHICKEN the bird or CHICKEN to mean COWARD. THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE IS SO MESSED UP! Then I remembered early scenes of Bruce Almighty, where Jim Carrey wanted God to give him a sign, then there were literally signs in front of him saying \"stop, go back\" and the likes. I was so amazed, this is how I currently think. This is how my mind works. I see messages, psychotics see messages. This movie made me understand that I was not alone, that many people are in the same boat I am. And that the mind is getting so close to being worked out, whether by scientologists or psychologist/psychiatrists, it didn't make an ounce of difference. At this point I was at the bottom of the wave, things were calm, but I had expected to go back up again, and started to think loopy again. My mind was exhausted, I decided to watch a comedy, nothing too much in comedys. It was a movie called \"The out of towners\" with Steve Martin and Goldy Hawn. One scene, he was given a 'Hallucinogenic\" I thought at that moment \"here we go, wonder what in the world would happen next\". He was in a limousine, and started saying to the driver \"driver, please pullover, pullover, please pullover\" then he paused \"Pullover? PULLOVER? ITS TOO HOT, WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD I WANT A PULLOVER FOR, A SHIRT IS FINE\". I spat bricks! Another movie that had my own way of thinking. I would wonder why people would say \"go to the therapist\", instead of \"the counselor\". Look at it closer, break it up into two words! \"Therapist\". Coincidently, I was told about this one, it didn't come out of my own mind! I then thought of other things, even stupid little jokes on the Simpsons \"press any key to continue \"where's the any key\". The English language was back to the way when I was younger, all messed up. I started analysing simple stupid things. \"Joking\" would be a guy named \"Joe King\". I'm sure many people understood this, but to the psychotic mind, it can make a whole world of difference! Literal meanings would be metaphorical, metaphorical references would be literal, big words would be broken up into smaller words. Syllables would be whole words in a sentence. My mind was \"out of order\". I couldn't believe what was happening, I was blaming movies for how I was thinking, I was thinking movies were created about my life, yet not that my life may have small references in movies. It was totally backwards. Movies are created by people from their own experiences, and their own imaginations. They simply were creative, I was creative, yet I had a backward way of thinking in this regard. Because there are SO MANY movies made, its entirely likely that many would have similar themes, and many would relate to a tot of people and not JUST me! I started to calm down again. Not long after that I came across a story about Scientology beliefs about Xenu, an intergalactic warlord who owns a fleet of flying machines that looked similar to DCS's. Errrr 8? No not again. Xenu could be classified as the scientologists 'devil'. DC as in Direct Current? As in AC/DC as in AUSTRALIAN rock band. Not again. This was nuts! The whole xenu belief is that he 'brainwashed' souls who were indoctrinated by watching virtual reality \"MOVIES\". They were \"BRAINWASHED\". I spat bricks. WHAT! XENU BRAINWASHED SOULS WITH MOVIES TO MAKE THEM BELIEVE A WAY OF THINKING! ARGH!!!!!! By using MOVIES! What in the world is going on here. I came to conclusions yet it seemed to be ONE STEP ahead of me, there was ALWAYS something that brought my mind back to insanity mode. I was blaming movies about controlling people, even me, and here an ANTI-SCIENTOLOGY website would promote a SCIENTOLOGY BELIEF about brainwashing souls through movies, and here before I read about all this, I thought the scientologists were doing it themselves!!! They said that scientologists believe THIS! I couldn't help but think, my mind again going into overdrive. I was firing neurons all over the place, what is going on, what? WHAT? Could it be that ANTI-SCIENTOLOGY websites are in fact PRO-SCIENTOLOGY! Reverse psychology? Many people would question it, many people would believe in the anti-scientology stance, yet when they do, they become suppressives in Scientology beliefs. Their master plan. Its working, its FREAKING WORKING! I know what I'm thinking, yet I cannot put it into words, its so complicated. I can probably summaries it a little bit though. Ummm, let me think. Divide and conquer, control both teams in a fight, you always win. Control every nation, every angle, you will always win, and people get directed by the outcome. Create the problem, find out the reaction, provide your own solution. WIN WIN WIN. The sheep are in the pen. Umm... probably the only obscenity I can think of at this point in time directed at whoever is in control here. GET FUCKED. WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE! You are here to destroy families, by removing people? Just re-educate them if you want, why the FUCK should you remove them. You stupid sons of bitches, get the FUCK out of my face, I FUCKING HATE YOU. My heart was racing, I went to the mirror, where in the world are the colours in my eyes. All I had was the whites with the huge black pupils in the middle. Freaky looking. I put myself in the corner of the room, I sat on the floor and started crying. Why me, why did this happen to me. Then I hear this voice \"Why not?\". WHAT! That didn't come from me. I looked around, there was no one there. \"WHO SAID THAT!\" I yelled. \"I AM\". No one was there. \"WHO ARE YOU\". \"Joseph Mengele\" was the answer. Who in the world is Joseph Mengele? \"Where are you?\". I asked. \"West of Africa\" was the response. The closest thing I found that was west of Africa was Argentina. Mengele, I heard that name before. It sounds German. I looked on the internet, Looked for Joseph Mengele. I COULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT I FOUND! Joseph Mengele was a Nazi scientist brought over to Argentina after WWII under a program called \"Project Paperclip\". I studied further, he was a PROGRAMMER. A PROGRAMMER OF THE MIND! What is going on? I started pacing. This is totally messed up. I looked further, he was working for the ILLUMINATI! WHAT! What in the world is going on. Memories of mind-control, programming, robots, re-programmed machines, rise of the machine, now I was truly tripping. I started up conversation again. \"What do you want from me\". He responded \"You are a secret weapon developed by my team. You are our greatest creation, you are different from the others\". I was confused I asked \"Others, what?\". \"There are millions of people out there with same programs, you are different, there are 22 others like you, they are a little older than you, you are the latest\". I was still confused, what is happening to me I asked \"You and the other 22 were created to activate the other millions with similar programs\". I said who? \"The Illuminati\". WHAT? What in the world is happening. HOW CAN ACTIVATE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WITH SIMILAR PROGRAMS! I got a response \"You have been molded by life, you started off by doing good, then you were molded to do the wrong, you experienced a large majority of good and bad, you now know what to do\". \"What mission is that\". \"To kick it all off, for the final showdown, to activate the global agenda. You have to start it off, the final agenda will be activated due to your doing, you need to lead the way, you need to lead the illuminati plan, when you kick start this off, they will complete it FOR YOU, you will be, a world leader! If you fail, then the other 22 will succeed\" ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! You are here to free the world, you are here to unite everyone, YES there will be an alien invasion, and YES it will be staged. One of your major roles, is to prevent panic when this occurs, you have to find a way to do this. You have been targeted to make you believe you are evil, this was intentional, the one out of the 23 that could overcome feeling that they are worst person on the planet, and realises that GOD does exist, and is the only GOD, and that GOD will NEVER give you anything that you cannot handle, then you have overcome the biggest test of all, the ability to realize that when you hit rock bottom, that you can pull yourself out. What can be more depressing than to believe you are the most evil person on the planet, yet GOD allowed this to happen, because GOD knew that you could handle it! Even though you have done stupid and hurtful things to others, the majority of the time, you had good intentions, and that's what matters most, you thought you did the right thing, yet some actions were intrusive, you fell short. You should have seen the outcome, broken families, yet your initial intention was good. Don't beat yourself up for that, now you know that its not up to you to take responsibility in others personal affairs. It was a lesson for you, good intention, but it backfired. Everyone makes mistakes, everyone. It just seemed to take you much longer to realize how to overcome them, and now you have to make habit on how to overcome this, it will take time, but you will get through it! When the illuminati realized you weren't being affected by average triggering that the other millions would have, it was a setup, you were drugged to conform you. You are not the devil, this is so far from the truth, but don't get an ego, you are still only human\". I started to cry, this is totally nuts, I'm speaking to someone that isn't there. \"Tell me about God, is he really real?\" I resumed. \"Yes, but its not a he\". I go \"What? It's a woman?\", \"no, it has no gender, it's a mind, and that is all, it thinks in pure energy, it thinks in symbols, colours, and sounds, it does not speak any specific verbal language, although it understands all of them\". \"How do YOU know all this\". \"I was told\". \"By who?\" I asked \"The illuminati\". I was getting totally confused. \"What if I try kill myself, what will happen then\", \"I would stop you, and even if you succeed the other 22 will carry on where you left off, don't do it, its for a great cause\". \"How can YOU STOP ME, you are not here, this is messed up, YOU ARE DEAD\". \"I am alive and well, I can press any command on my computer, and you will do what I want\". ARGH!!!!!!! \"How can YOU DO THAT\". \"Because I can, don't push me\". \"WELL I'M PUSHING YOU\". \"Ok, wait till the morning\". I have had enough. I went to bed, crying, totally confused. I woke up, and I felt so tired, like I had been up the whole night. I noticed a writing pad next to my bed, with a pen, and an envelope. On the envelope it had my name. I was rattled. I opened the envelope, and read the letter. You wanted proof, well here it is, when you finish this letter, you can check the rest of the house out. You have what in programming terms is a 'Fractured' mind. Induced by extreme trauma. You cannot remember any specific events in your past, because it's the way your mind deals with the situation, I know this, because I am your programmer. You have a total over 1500 personalities. The total number of personalities that can ever possibly exist is 2197. Many personalities otherwise known as 'alters' know many other alters, you will not know that you have switched, yet it's a different function to carry out. For example: U are now in another alter.... U are still in control of your body...U recognize that u are still the same person....yet u are now writing differentlyu don't realize this has happened yet tho, coz you simply forget the other way u used to write....You have many different writing stylez...you can tell the difference when you sign your name on a document, have you ever realized that its always different????? The signature that is....because you are in another alter.... I stopped reading there, I was panicking, someone must have come into my room and put the letter there, this was crazy! I looked for documents with my signature on it. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, they all had a small difference, all had a nuance, I got out old school stories I had written by hand, the writing style is different in most of them, what is going on. I grouped the writing that were identical. I couldn't believe it. Creative writing stories had one style of writing, essays on history and factual events were in another. Even my maths tests were so out of line. They were PERFECT in writing the numbers. This was crazy, something is not right. I continued reading the letter. What? I didn't understand, it was in a different language. IT WAS IN SPANISH! WHAT!!! I skimmed through, the rest was in RUSSIAN!!! I skimmed further, I recognized a word'nien'. IT WAS GERMAN! WHAT!! I read to where the English started. You possibly don't recognize anything just then, that's because you are in an alter that doesn't recognize them, but don't get me wrong, YOU wrote this letter. YOU can write in many languages, you can speak many languages, you even have your own language, a language that only you can understand. You see messages that you think are from god, the messages were not put there by god, you asked the questions, but it wasn't you who asked the questions, god timed it and influenced that thought, god put the original thought in your mind to ask the question, so then it was near the time that an answer could be revealed to you. Modern day society calls is psychosis, modern day society removes your original way of thinking, language, especially English as it SLOWS down the process of thinking in the brain. Words are lengthened, verbal speech is slowed down to nearly a complete stop. It slows down the learning process. As you have realized, double negatives mean a positive, \"NO, I DONT mind\". Remember? \"No\" and \"Dont\" in this sentence means \"yes\". The education system is made to slow the mind, its made to STOP you from thinking independently. Your chosen profession or way of thinking influences your view on life. You realize you've had many types of jobs, you now know you can speak many languages, you now know that you did a lot of good things, then you did a lot of bad things. You experienced a little bit of everything. You can guess how someone else thinks, yet its really impossible because you are not in their mind, but you have a good idea. You smoke, then you quit, you've tried drugs, but unfortunately it got out of control, and it was taken advantage of, you were drugged to stop you knowing all this, to induce paranoia, and making you believe something you were not. Some things you saw are right, but because of the drug, it made you think the negative about it. They used what was already in your mind, removed the positives, amplified the negatives remember? You CANNOT do what is not already part of you. My method of programming enhances what is in you, it doesn't put anything that doesn't already exist. The drug was LSD based, but more commonly so, it was developed by the US government. If you look for it, you will find references to operatives in the CIA that tested it, and believed every car had a KGB agent following them. Because it was already in their mind, they believed it. Because of the drug, and what was suggested to you during that time, you believed it to be real. It wasn't, it was an illuminati setup to make you believe you did things you didn't, they have watched you all your life, they chose Dwarf because they knew the drug will connect you to it, you used the nickname remember. They needed to stop you and do what THEY wanted, so they made you believe you were responsible for things you didn't do, either do it their way, or you will be punished. I have read the manuscript of your recent mind-pattern, about the \"governments greatest creation, its gone out of control, we need to destroy it'. I suspected as much, they have caught on. Yes you are right about the tactics used in media, although I didn't know about Scientology, it sounds like an illuminati front. They want world domination and continuation of the human race? All factions of the planet want that, destruction of the human race cannot occur, but its how its done that you have noticed. I know what you will be thinking at this point, you will think whether you are Jesus. NO YOU ARE NOT! There was a Jesus character a long time ago, his name was Emmanuel. He did not die on the crucifix, this was a manufactured story. Like you, he was drugged and persecuted, he fled with his wife and 4 children. His wife took 3 children to France, and he took his son to India. He died at an age of 117. He did know about life, he was also programmed, like you, he had a mission to accomplish, but he failed. His creation was by the Sirians of Sirius A, and Alderbaren. Yes they are the 'angels' mentioned, but you know better than that, remember the UFO memory when you were around 5 years old? This was because I indoctrinated you before then! You are different, you are still human. You will be targeted as a false prophet, you will be targeted as being the beast in revelations. Let me make something clear. It seems more and more likely now that the drug was the wounding of one of the heads. The seven heads? 7 personalities! Don't believe in it, its disinformation. The new testament was altered! They WANT you to believe it! TIME-TRAVEL IS POSSIBLE. You have to look for someone, I cannot give you his name, because he has just finished working for the illuminati, apparently he was told to assassinate emmanual whilst working for the illuminati, but instead I think he takes a vial of his blood. The illuminati Agenda is to clone the emmanual figure, and program him to make everyone believe he has returned! The cloned emmanual will rise between 2007 and 2014 All I know, is that this person you need to contact was born November 5th.\" My jaw dropped. I could not believe it, November 5th like in Back to the Future? November 5th like V for Vendetta, someone who FIGHTS against the NWO? This was INSANE! I decided to keep reading. I don't know whether you'll meet him or not, but in this time line, the plan is going ahead, you have to activate it, otherwise the world will go into meltdown. People need to KNOW, people need to know that the ALIEN INVASION is STAGED. People need to know that the illuminati will go at all costs to preserve the human race, no matter what. My mother then knocked on the door. She asked me if I had left my bedroom during the night. I said No. I walked out of my room, and things were so messed up. A pair of my shoes were in the microwave. The oven door was open, the TV was on environment around the area. Then when everything is setup, you just plant it there ready for the fish to fall into your trap. He then tried to catch a fish, but it got away, it nibbled, but for some reason, it unhooked itself, and it was gone. The fisherman made it clear that it wasn't the right time and that it wasn't meant to happen. The fish didn't belong on someones dinner plate. It was the wrong fish\". Again, my jaw dropped. How could it be so specific. This seemed to give me an indication that the nightclub was in fact a setup, and that I was right, I took the bait but got away, because it wasn't meant to happen, I didn't belong in jail, I was the wrong guy, GOD was protecting me! Again, was it a message from God, or was it psychosis. Things started to turn around from that moment onwards. I never saw negative psychotic messages. If it was psychosis, they were positive. I would notice my wife put on sunglasses and at the same time, she'd say \"I love you\". I don't want to ask her if she did it on purpose or whether it was coincidental, because she knows about my anxiety to people wearing sunglasses, it could possibly be intentional. I didn't care whether it was intentional or not, it was positive, and that's all that mattered. Easter recently rocked up. Lots of movies on religious based themes \"The ten commandments\" was on. Positive psychosis, Moses was Gods messenger. I decided to take the earlier advice and 'walk away'. I started noticing signs that were I had not seen before, yet I knew they were always there. Reminded me of when someone bought a certain car, they would see that car everywhere. Because 6 years ago, I was in a suggestive state of mind where 'the devil' was thrown in my face everywhere I went for 3 months solid, it seemed to be the only thing I noticed. I never noticed the good things in life. Now it was different. I didn't see the negatives, only the positives. Saw a TV advert about health insurance. It was about where you are currently in life, at the end, there was a camera flash of a boy pulling the crazy face (cross eyed). I laughed. A long time ago, I would have been sensitive to it, I would have thought that it was targeting me because I was psychotic or insane. I noticed the positive of this though. It was about health insurance. It was about getting a helping hand no matter where you are in life. Because I was in a mental state, it would be beneficial for me to get something like that, to get health benefits if were to totally flip again. It wasn't making fun of me because I was insane, it was saying that if I was insane, the benefit would help me. It was positive. More positive and positive things started to occur. I would see the news and only the positive stories I would notice, a long time ago, only negative stories. I started to get back into life, I decided to join a gym and get a personal trainer, I decided to go back on multi-vitamins, but not detox! I decided to draw again because it made me happy, and I decided to write a lot of short stories. However the best thing that could start happening to me, was when I did see my daughter as by now I rarely saw her, she would run up to me and give me a huge cuddle and kiss on the cheek. She knew who her father was, she knew my voice because I spoke to her every day at least 3 times a day. She would make me smile when she'd say 'mummy daddy and me live together'. I looked at my wife, which at the time were separated yet still loved each other. Our future was to bring up this child, to teach her the values of life. To teach her not to be selfish and to see someone elses point of view if she disagreed with them. To teach her the basics of right brained thinking to be creative, and the basics of left brained thinking to be analytical. To teach her that she had the right to make her own choices once she reached a certain age, but to make them with enough information to make a correct judgement. To be fair, to be just, and to be kind. Yet to stand up for herself if someone took advantage of her. To not play in apathy mode and not play the victim, yet not to also play the bully. Basically, to not do the wrong I did, to not be like me, and to stay away from drugs, Yet I thought she needed to learn how to love her family and friends and anyone else, which is something I always have done. I realized when thinking about this, that life is really a 'grey' area. Not black, not white. But both mixed together. You cannot discern good if bad didn't exist. You cannot discern positive, if negative didn't exist. You cannot discern right if wrong didn't exist. If its society that has molded people in a certain way of thinking, to this point I believe the human consciousness was responsible for this, because the human consciousness has reached the pinnacle of the old way of thinking. Society has to take a new turn for the better. Then I realized everyone has a responsibility to take part. I recalled an old saying that when a butterfly flaps its wings, it would cause a hurricane on the other side of the world. I now understand this. Its quite simple really. If you are so negative, and bring yourself down, through whatever reason. You bring down the people immediately connected to you. In turn, they get affected and then they bring down the people immediately connected to them. Its never ending, the whole world is in a state of flux, the assertive are high and bring the people around them to their level, the pessimistic go down and bring down the people around them to their level. Its like ripples in a pond, so many pebbles dropped in different areas of the pond the ripples over ride each other. Scientologists say to \"disconnect\" from the pessimistic/suppressive people, even if they are your own family! This is where I disagree. I believe you have to teach these people, and then they will stop being pessimistic and suppressive, and then you ALL can get along, in retrospect, suppressives are removed, not the individual, but their way of thinking, and at the same time, you still have your family. I think I mentioned this before. If it wasn't for taking that one drug 6 years ago, I would never be where I am at today. Every choice affects yourself and people around you. Some of course negative, the others positive. I choose to stay positive, that im glad that I no longer take drugs, that I no longer need to dwell on the past, and move on. I found a website on the internet based on 'hyperspace'. I searched through, it was about the language that represents the \"mind of god\". It was about a man who traveled through time, and explained EVERYTHING about how it is done, it explained that the language of God was through Symbols, Colours and sounds. I freaked. I looked at the letter I supposedly wrote, I KNEW THIS ALEADY, my programmer said this person's birthday would be November 5th. I read an excerpt from one of his books, about the Montauk Project based on time travel. It said: I have been used in experiments for mind-control and programming since I was born, I have worked for the secret government for over 25 years. This book is about my experiences which include Time-Travel. My date of birth is NOVEMBER 5Th.\" I had found him. It was real, it is ALL real. I was not insane! God is protecting me, teaches me a lesson if I do something wrong, rewards me when I do something right. I could have died 6 years ago by taking that drug, many people do die by taking drugs. I was given a second chance. I possibly cannot think properly these days, but I now only see the positive angle. I haven't worked for some time, this made me depressed, but then someone said that it's a good time to think about my life and where its heading, to plan it, to set goals and eventually achieve them. I've set my goals, and now its time to take the first step. The first step is to stabalise my mind. I do not consciously need communication from god like I thought I did, because I have 'faith' and 'hope' that I'm protected. It has recently started, I haven't talked about it because people will see it for themselves. Its when you 'know', you don't know how you know, but you do. I know im sitting here this very second wanting to achieve something, maybe this story will make people think a tittle more, but its not to persuade your thinking, its to allow the realization that there are so many different types of people on this planet, and that we all need to accept each other. I realize there are universal laws. I realize the most basic one is, is that people who are around you, reflect who you are. If you change, those people will change too. If you hate something in someone, you hate that part of yourself too. If you love something about someone, you love that part of yourself too. If you change yourself, then people around you start to notice that, and change as well. Ultimately everyone is responsible for their own lives, I now take responsibility for taking that tablet 6 years ago, I now take responsibility over many things I've done wrong, I hate to admit to them, but I did do them, I just hope that the people I know who have been hurt by my actions, was that it was out of no ill intention, at times it was, that was during my \"I couldn't give a damn\" phase, and at other times, I didn't realize the outcome could be so severe and detrimental to others, I simply 'Did not think', yet overall I have gone full circle, wanting to help again, wanting to get back into society and be living amongst other people, and notice how they live life - yet not intervene. I want to be accepted, I know I'm unstable at the moment that is obvious, you've read this story. That is how my mind used to think, it's a lot better now though, i'm still on the road to recovery, and hopefully my wound will be healed and I will 'Miraculously recover\". I know what you are thinking here, the religious people that is, I wont convince you of anything, I'm even admitting that I believe I was that person, and for goodness sake, I am by no means Jesus either, I'm a human just like you. Not the most evil person on the planet, and definitely not a representation of Gods total mind. I know GOD exists and will never give me anything I cannot handle, and will never give anyone anything THEY cannot handle either. A couple of years later, My heart was racing a hundred miles an hour as I was slowly waking. My body was buzzing and I felt heavy. The tingling sensation around my being was overwhelming, I must've had a very vivid dream I thought. Although I couldn't remember it at that very moment, the physical effects still had me shaking. It could have been the effects of ELF bombardment, either way, I was feeling very weird. I had a cramp in my leg as I always sleep with my right foot on my left knee, and on my stomach with my arm underneath my pillow supporting the weight of my head. It took a while to get the muscle loose again. It was quite gloomy for that time of the morning, usually it's a little brighter and warm, however today was very different, something didn't seem quite right. The air was damp and also cool to the touch, the room seemed to have lost its vibrancy in colour, and there was a strange smell which I recognise but couldn't remember exactly what it was. I was still half asleep. It was time to roll out of bed; 11:15am was a little late to start the usual weekend routine. Slowly stumbling for my shirt and shorts, the room for a split second filled with a bright flash of white, about 10 seconds later there was a deafening roar coming from the far distance. The beginning of a treacherous thunderstorm I thought, better fill my lungs with smoke before it starts to pour. I went outside and slid the glass door open; it was a little hard to do so as the rollers had crumpled underneath it a few weeks back. Need to get that fixed, I said to myself. As I managed to slide it across ever so slightly, our cat bolted through the door for freedom. I forgot to let it out for a toilet break before bed last night; she must be feeling really uncomfortable at the moment. Sitting down in the leather armchair which I dragged outside for more comfort, I grabbed a cigarette from the packet and lit it up, inhaling its luscious content deep down to the depth of my lungs. Bliss. Another flash of light; It was very bright, must have been powerful and quite close as this time it only took 7 or so seconds for the roar to follow. Another, much brighter and more blinding than before, this time, only 3 seconds. What in the world is going on here? That storm is going to pass right over me. Then the show began. This time, it was frightening; the deafening thunderclap was in synchronisation with the flashes of bright light. BOOM! I startled, BOOM BOOM, again, the time between each clap was about 4 seconds apart. That smell started to get stronger and the air much damper as it was when I awoke. I couldn't control my fear at that moment, the lightning strikes must have been right over my abode, and it had now been a 10 minute display. I was petrified, I am going to get struck I thought. I ran to the phone to call my partner to see how long it was going to be before she arrived. As I picked up the handset, the power went out. Everything shut down, including the cordless handset. I ran for my mobile phone, it was out of power. Just my luck I figured, all the while the roar and flashes were getting more and more intense. At that point I closed my eyes and repeated over and over \"Nothing bad leaves or comes into me\". I repeated it for about 30 seconds, and you wouldn't believe it. A streak of sunlight started to show through a gap in the clouds above. The brilliant light display had stopped almost immediately. Time to get on with the day, I mumbled. A few weeks later, I went to a Joanne's place. She has a massive property on the outskirts of suburbia. It is so nice there, she has a tennis court and indoor swimming pool. She holds many functions there for guest speakers on alternative topics, such as colour therapy, remedial massage, and \" The Work \". A process developed by Byron Katie which looks at self exploration. I had learned a lot of myself through this, it was quite revealing to say the least. The property was on old Aboriginal punishment ground. Apparently that's where the old tribes punish their own for anything that was against 'Aboriginal Lore'. They aren't laws made by the Aboriginal culture, I was told, but its living according to the laws of the Universe. Before I slowly starting to learn this, I was quite racist in this matter. I heard a lot about the apology that the Stolen Generation wanted, I always thought that it was an excuse for compensation. I honestly didn't understand at the time. I slowly walked up the steep, winding driveway, it was quite lengthy and the small inclination started to make my heart pound a little quicker. By the time I arrived at the front door, I was well beyond needing to get my breath back. I am so unfit. I knocked on the door, and Joanne answered. It was good to see her again; she had been on a trip to India for the last few months. \"Hi! So good to see you\" she said as she gave me a hug. \"Good to see you too Joanne, how's things?\" I replied. \"Oh I have so many stories to tell you my dear friend, but first, I have to introduce you to Aunty Violet\" Aunty Violet is an Aboriginal Shaman. She isn't part of the elders, although she is highly respected in her community for her healing abilities. I remember many stories Joanne told me about her, one where she received a full body wrap with different coloured ochre to dissolve cellulite, and the fascinating stories of the Dreamtime, stories passed down by word of mouth and also depicted in art of the Aborigines spiritual ways. \"Dreamtime is just as real as when we are awake\" Joanne told me one day, reporting on her discussion about this with Aunty Violet. Now I get to meet her myself. She wasn't anything like I thought she would be. My vision of her was an aged woman, with greying hair and a stern personality. Seeing her speak to some other people around Joanne's outdoor setting, she was laughing and looked like a jovial woman. Her hand gestures and body posture gave a very close description of who she was as a person. \"Violet, this is my good friend I was telling you about, remember? \" said Joanne as we pulled back some chairs. \"Ahhh yes! So this is the fella is it? Wow, I can see his energy as bright as the light on a sunny day! No wonder he's your friend Jo!\" Aunty Violet replied. I extended my hand to introduce myself, however was a little surprised to see Aunty Violet extend her arms out to have me wrapped in them instead. \"Friends give each other hugs silly\". She chuckled as she gave me a kiss on the cheek as well. She then looked over at a gentleman sitting next to her and said to me, \"This is Kooda, he's my protector. He's a warrior! Kooda means Brother in our native tongue\". I looked at Kooda and introduced myself. He didn't look like a warrior; he looked quite peaceful and a little podgy around the edges. He didn't smile much. After 30 minutes of being there, Aunty Violet had already told us many stories that had all of us laughing in hysterics, on many occasions peering over to Kooda and stating \"isn't that right Kooda\" seeking a form of acknowledgement to support her stories. Kooda always nodding; yet still no smile. I then noticed he had been twirling his thumbs for quite some time, then saying \"Bella is such a wonderful spirit\" patting Joanne's Golden Retriever which was neatly laying down on top of his feet. That was strange, I've always known Bella to only go to people she feels comfortable with, and this usually meant many visits by someone before she learned to trust them, yet she only met Kooda once and was comfortably stretched out in front of him, at times licking his hands. \"You mean soul right Kooda?\" I exclaimed. \"No brutha, soul is a white mans word! The white man thinks he has a soul, but our people believe we are a spirit that has a body!\" he responded. Since then, the conversation of Dreamtime started to make a lot more sense. It was about the Spirits' Journey through non-physical elements of life, the ability to go distances in a state that doesn't require the physical body. A place where the Rainbow Serpent resides in its true form. A little while later, Joanne mentioned to Aunty Violet that I have had some unusual experiences in life, one of course, was the recent storm over my property. Aunty Violet exclaimed, \"Oh? Tell me some of your stories!\", and so I began to tell her a few of them, the last one which was the storm. As I was describing how I experienced it, Kooda and Aunty Violet began to smile a little, eventually both giggling to themselves. Kooda was smiling! I noticed his gleaming white teeth. At the end of the story, I said \"Well you don't have to believe me\", feeling a little hurt because I thought they were mocking me. \"Oh no dear, we BOTH believe you!\" she said. \"What was the actual colour of the lightning? Was it a blue tinge, or yellowing?\" she then asked. \"It was pure white light, not like other lightning I've seen, it was quite luminescent\". Kooda and Violet smiled at each other, and then she stared back at me. \"That was two weeks ago wasn't it?\" she asked. \"Yes....\" I replied, unsure what she was getting at. \"That was us brother! That was our people! We did some work that day, we needed to…\" she paused for a brief moment. \"I know who you are\" she said. I was still a little confused. \"What do you mean?\" I responded. \"I know you, you as a spirit, I know you!\" she exclaimed. I tried to find out 'Who I am' as she was referring to. However she said I wasn't ready just yet and she would tell me soon, but not to worry about it, and to get physically and mentally in shape, for what is to come. A long time ago, I always thought that my greatest fear was waking up in hospital, not knowing who my family and friends are, who I was, or anything about myself in any way shape or form. I would feel alone in a strange place, not believing if my supposed relatives were who they said they were, or if I would ever have the same relationship with them that I've had growing up knowing them. I didn't want to ever experience something like that. A couple of weeks later I went to visit Aunty Violet as she gave me her number and address so I could visit her one day. Walking up the footpath, I noticed a lot of Jesus memorabilia, and 'God Loves You' plaques hanging on the outside wall. There were plants everywhere; she must love gardening. Must really enjoy nature I thought. As I was about to knock on the door, Aunty Violet opened it just before my hand made contact with the surface. I was thinking to myself, \"Is she psychic?\" and asked her \"How did you know I was about to knock on the door?\". She looked at me and smiled \"I heard your car pull up silly, how else would I know someone was here\" giving a small cheeky grin as she said it. I felt rather awkward at that moment, I thought something supernatural was the reason for it, yet it was more obvious than I thought. Stepping inside her house, I saw the most beautiful artwork I have ever seen displayed over her walls. Magnificently done; with dark reds, yellows, browns, and many earthly based colours with a lot of circular shapes and rounded edges to the images on the canvas. I noticed there were no jagged or sharp corners painted anywhere. All the shapes flowed together in harmony, and it felt like that artist was trying to convey her idea that everything is woven together, tightly interconnected with a vibrant stream of energy. \"Have a seat brother\" said Aunty Violet, \"Would you like a cup of tea?\" she asked. \"Yes please!\" I responded. \"How do you have it?\" she replied. After I received my cup of tea, she directed me outside and introduced me to guests that were already there. Many of the same culture as Aunty Violet, and they all seemed very sincere. I sat down and Aunty Violet looked at me with a small grin. \"Welcome home brother\" she said. \"What?\" I said to myself. \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"You are my brother, we come from the same spark of creation, the same spark of God, we are spiritual brother and sisters, we have incarnated many times together in the flesh as brother and sister as well, don't you remember me?\". I was a bit overwhelmed with her statement. I do get a feeling of having met her many times before, but nothing to the extent of what she was describing. I realised at this point that the aboriginal culture believes in re-incarnation. She began describing the Dreamtime story of the Eve and Adamic races. Apparently the Adamic race were the first 'controlled' species on the planet, commonly known in a place called Atlantis. They were controlled under the 'Gods' of that time – the Celestial Gods who then created them. The Eve race were the rebellious race – located in areas on the Australian continent and surrounding land. It was part of a large civilisation called Mu or Lemuria back then. The Eve race rebelled at the control of the Celestial Gods, and many travelled to Atlantis to liberate the people there. Many returned with the Eve race, and thus the Eve race became very knowledgeable with the added information of the Adamics. The Celestial Gods that created the Eve race were from the Alpha Draconis star system, apparently reptilian in appearance – apparently where the 'Rainbow Serpent' dreamtime story comes from. She stated \"They are so wonderful and magnificent, do not fear them, many simply don't understand them, they have a love for their creations, however its one with respect as showing emotion was not part of their makeup\". After having a lengthy conversation about all aspects of their true nature, I began to understand that the culture in its most original form lived in unison with their environment. They are classified as nomadic for always going to different areas to harvest the natural resources there. This was only so they could keep everything in their environment in balance and would travel based on the season; which was common knowledge to them. It allowed for natural regrowth of flora when they left an area, sometimes starting a controlled burning of the area to allow regrowth, and later return when the time was right. This way, they would never go hungry or live in an environment that was harmful to them. Another guest there said \"Never follow a Chitty Chitty – for it'll never lead you to water, you'll get lost\". Chitty Chitty was the aboriginal term for the \" Willie Wagtail \" which is a small black and white bird, native to Australia, in which their tail oscillates like a fan. I posed a question about this on how they do actually find water. \"Always trail a Galah , a Galah always finds water\". He used the aboriginal term for Galah , but I can't remember what it was. I asked about the killing of animals, since all spirits have bodies of some sort, I asked about the Kangaroo . The same guest said that they never kill an animal unless the animal willing gives up its vehicle for consumption of the people. With this respect, the animal spirit has the opportunity to go to its next stage in spiritual evolution – taking on a more complicated role. I didn't understand this at that point in time, as I've previously heard of the weapons used such as the boomerangs or spears. He said that the communication is of a spiritual nature between all things, and that emotion is what hinders a smooth transition for the culture to actually kill an animal. The animal reacts out of emotion. I asked about the killing of other humans, and he stated that its OK under Universal LORE to defend ones own and their families life. The repercussions of not following that strict law, is the ability of the spirit of the killed person to 'walk-in' and inhabit the killers body. Apparently this is one of the main reason for many mental illnesses, and both spirits travel together through-out time incarnating together. It's a form of karma, a form of cause and effect. I had returned a few more times after this visit, and one time, Aunty Violet brought out a book on the Mayan culture. She looked at me and said \"Its time for your test, before I can give you more information\", she then said \"You know I say you are my brother, so here's a chance for me to prove it to you. Choose a page number and tell me the first thing that comes into your mind\". At that very moment, I thought of Star Wars, Luke and Princess Leigh, brother and sister, yet they themselves not knowing that for a very long time, and now a similar situation in a different sort of way presented itself to me. \"Skywalker? Page 232\" I said in a hesitant tone. She smiled and opened up the page. I couldn't believe what I saw. It was the beginning chapter of the description of 'Skywalker' in Mayan culture. It had a poem about brothers and sisters. I was in awe. Later we discussed that the movie Star Wars was a 'memory' to awaken people of ancient spiritual nature. That is a totally different story altogether though. After a little while of my excitement at what I had discovered, a really negative thought started to dawn on me. Aunty Violet welcomed me home, Aunty Violet calls me her brother, Aunty Violet treats me like a long lost relative, cuddling and kissing me on the cheek whenever the opportunity presents itself. I was overwhelmed with the notion that I don't actually 'know' them very well. I always had the feeling of 'knowing them' before, but not to the level that she feels. Then it dawned on me, my biggest fear had finally presented itself. I am with people who say I'm related, yet I don't know them, they are telling me stories about my spiritual nature, yet I am not sure if I believe it yet. I am alone in a strange place, I thought to myself. As I was leaving that day, Aunty Violet offered to let me see my physical self during a time she was my physical sister. She placed her hand on my forehead, took some deep breathes and asked me to close my eyes. An image of a tall, slender aboriginal man with a red bandana around his forehead; standing with an occupied look on his face. His right foot was on his left knee, he had a spear in his hand which he used to rest upon. An acknowledgement of how I sleep came into mind; this is how I lay when I sleep! Right foot on left knee! I told Aunty Violet this, and she said 'See, when you're in Dreamtime, you go back to your original self. Do you believe me now?\" That night, she asked me if I wanted a visit during dreamtime, she would take me somewhere to train me, to prepare me of what is to come. She said I was a warrior that protects Earth, and that I was in alliance with a spiritual federation. Now I know what she meant when she said Kooda is a Warrior. Not physically, but spiritually. I've had the most fascinating dream that night, I will never forget it. I still continued to see Aunty Violet, many months had passed and I was now feeling like I was at home. I would be taught how to do energy work, all in the mind. A group of us would sit around a table with all of our eyes closed, all describing similar things experienced, and changes made to align things back to normality. I now know how to control my dreams and go where I want to go during \"Dreamtime\". I saw many remarkable things in this state. I sat there one day smiling to myself staring into nothingness, thinking to myself, never wanting to leave, pondering about my supposed normal life. That seemed more surreal now; returning there now makes me feel alone, in a strange and unusual place. On February 13th – 2008, the Australian Government led by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, apologised to the Indigenous Australians for the events surrounding the stolen generation. That very day, I remembered Aunty Violet. A person who I knew would be appreciative of the words Kevin Rudd used as she was affected by this negative, yet historical event. I could not think of anyone else more deserving in receiving such a gift. FIN ","Summary":" Forward My early years were a blessing, although I grew up in a 3rd world country, I was a happy ch"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Continuation","Author":"screwed up and brilliant","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7490348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just an English assignment I did…. I thought you guys would be interested in it :) The Truman Show – Continuation DISCLAIMER – I do not own The Truman Show. If I did, Meryl would be dead. Walking out of the safe boundary of Sea Haven Island was scary for Truman Burbank. He had always had some small fear of the unknown, which is what the rest of the world felt to him in that moment when he walked out the door of the set. The streets that he stepped out on to were not how he expected. Crime, poverty and dishonesty laced the street he stood on, but it all vanished when Lauren or Sylvia, the woman he was in love with for 8 years, came into view. He ran up to her as if she was the last supply of food on earth, and she kissed him in a way that made the last eight years of longing slip away like a butterfly in its cocoon. What no one noticed was something happened on the 221st floor of the set, where Christof stood there, seeing these two little dots (it is pretty high from 200 floors) sharing this moment. A single tear dripped down his face as he realised how much he missed Truman. Meanwhile, Truman reached into his pocket to give something to Sylvia. As he pulled the items out, she gasped. It was her beaded bracelet and the picture made from magazine cut outs. \"I still have your jumper as well,\" he told her. \"When Meryl left me, I hugged it every time I felt lonely, usually for long periods of time.\" She smiled up at him, but she didn't realise this would be the last time he would be truly happy. It took one day for Truman to become a recluse. When Sylvia took him out for some pizza, they acted really crazy like in college, everyone knew who he was. The creepiest bit was when he came out of the pizza joint. One step out the door, and everyone surrounded him like he was the cure of cancer. He ran back to Sylvia's place and was never the same. One day he was angry and the next he would curl up into a ball and cry on the floor. One day, he stepped out for one minute, and a crazy fan put a gun to his head, saying how much he ruined her life for leaving the show. He then decided to take matters into his own hands. That night he slipped out of bed and walked to a bridge three blocks away. He put on a ski mask so no one knew it was him, and he jumped. - The End - ","Summary":" This is just an English assignment I did…. I thought you guys would be interested in it :) The Trum"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Truman's New Life","Author":"J.D. Blutarsky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3068324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -1Annold man is crying. He's sobbing uncontrollably. He opens the bottlencontaining his heart medication. A label on the side reads takenone daily. Overdose may result in fatality . The old man gigglesnmanically at reading the label \"Well that's exactly what I wantnto do, now ISN'T IT!\". He downs the bottle with a sip of water,nand lays back waiting for the desired effect. His eyes slowly closenand the comforting beating of an unseen heart stops. TrumannBurbank awakes with a start. He is sweating heavily and breathingndeeply. It's the same dream he's been having since he left thatnworld that was created for him. The main character always isndifferent but the end result is always the same. It is morning in thensouth of France, where Truman retired to a quiet life after findingnout that his whole life had been a lie. He is beginning to think thatna psychiatrist might be needed to find out why he has been havingnthese dreams. His wife of 6 months walks into the bedroom from thenadjoining bathroom. \"Morningnhoney, how did you sleep?\" she asks with a look of concern. \"Samendream as always hon. I don't know what to do. I'm beginning tondread going to sleep because I don't wanna have these dreamsnanymore\". Truman responds. His wife, Sylvia, is an attractive dirtynblonde. She has been the love of both of Truman's lives. She was ancast member during Truman's high school and college years in hisnfalsified life. She was taken away when she tried to reveal the truthnto Truman during a romantic evening on the beach. Now that Truman hasnleft his world, however, she and he have been able to wed and live anrather quiet life in the south of France. \"It'llnbe ok Truman. I've called Dr. Monroe and scheduled you annappointment for Thursday. Now I've got to get to work and so do younTruman. So you better have some breakfast.\" She finishes dressingnand goes downstairs and leaves. With a sigh, Truman gets out of bednand walks to the bathroom. He proceeds to check all around thenbathroom for anything that looks like a camera. He does this everynmorning, clearly still paranoid that this new life might be filmed asnwell. \" I do need a fucking shrink\" Truman mutters to himselfnbefore hopping into the shower. Afternhopping out from the shower, he puts on some boxers and a housecoatnand plops down at his computer. He load his fan webpage, just to seenwhere they think he is today. Theres a new report that Truman hasnbeen spotting driving cabs in Las Vegas, and of course the same oldnstories that he has committed suicide. Truman breaths a sigh ofnrelief. \"they haven't found me yet.\" then he giggles, \" I'mnmore sighted then Elvis.\" He closes his browser and brings up Word.nHe opens a file and sees the opening pages of his novel. It is titled my life as a reality star, and why I just want to be left alone. he's starting on chapter 7 today. He works for a few hours thenndecides that he wants to take a walk. Takingna walk for Truman is so involving that he rarely finds the wantnenough to go through hell to get ready. He has to disguise himselfnjust to take a walk around town. Even these simple peasants in anremote town in France were avid Truman fans. He applies allnthe makeup and disguises that he can, takes a deep breath and walksnoutside towards town. ","Summary":" -1Annold man is crying. He's sobbing uncontrollably. He opens the bottlencontaining his heart medic"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"What next?","Author":"Skyblue373","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3091210","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Immediately Panic began to sweep through Truman as fast as a lethal poison. What happens now? It dawned on him that he had nowhere to go… While he had a lot of thoughts going round in hid head about the future he wasn't concentrating on the present and he tripped over a cleaning bucket. Embarrassedly getting up he realised there were no cameras anymore, why was he embarrassed? As everything began to fall into place he realised that Sylvia must be in the other true world somewhere! \"She might be on her way now because people will have seen my departure!\" he muttered to himself. With that thought spurring him on he ran through the brightly lit corridors faster than he ever thought possible. He finally came to the main double doors and burst through into real life. For the first time he felt the real sun, warm on his cheeks. He smelt the overwhelming odour of traffic fumes. He saw the busy reality of daily life. The thing he noticed most though was a soft hand on his shoulder. When he turned around he saw Sylvia with tears of happiness rolling down her cheeks. She quickly led him away and in a moment they were sprinting through the streets and Truman soon knew what they were running from. Crowds upon crowds of public and press were following them yelling and trying to block their way. Soon they arrived at a block of flats, they ran up to flat 12B, went in and locked the door. They sunk into the sofa, panting and tried to block out the furious banging on the other side of the door. It was so close yet almost so distant that it echoed in Truman's brain. It grew louder and louder and he feared that the pounding in his head would cause it to explode. A sweet kind voice broke through the confused clamour as Sylvia said, \"I knew you would work it out!\" Focusing his concentration on her, he replied, \"You helped me realise…\" They both were silent for a few minutes until Truman asked the question he was most afraid of asking, \"What happens now?\" 5 years later Sylvia quickly found out that paying for two people is a lot harder than paying for one. The expense of clothes, food and bills became too much and she had to look for work again. Truman was still recognised frequently so they decided that as Sylvia was less well known she needed to go to work. She had always been very intelligent so she was able to become a professor at the local college. Students still asked about Truman but it had become as reflexive as blinking to just brush them off. They both agreed that they still cared for each other as much as they did 5 years ago but it would attract too much publicity to get married. So while Sylvia went to work, Truman became extremely miserable because all he could do was stay at home. His daily routine was tedious as he and Sylvia couldn't just go out anytime they felt like it and they both felt trapped which put strain on their relationship. They had thought about moving abroad, Fiji perhaps, but they couldn't afford it and wouldn't be able to for a very long time with just one income. All around them possible solutions were slipping away and Truman felt as though he was falling into a dark pit and the walls were closing in on him. He was encaged as his life was becoming more and more limited and restricted. Truman was slipping into a state of deep depression and it looked like there was no way out. 15 years on Summer is lovely. Birds buzzing in trees, just as loud as faulty strip lights. Warm sun on your face and all round bliss…… Except that when you're standing on the edge of Harrods' rooftop in the centre of London these aren't the things you notice. What you might notice is how the air is so much purer up here now all the smog of London's traffic is left below. Or maybe the tiny dots of cars slowly trudging by. Truman stood noticing all of this and more. He had been contemplating his whole life up here for an hour now. His current situation was tragically depressing. Sylvia had left him because she disapproved of his feeble attempts at winning back the public's love. He needed their attention back because what other way was there out of the depression that threatened to completely envelop him? Sylvia was so upset and believed that Truman was a different man in the real world. So after a tearful goodbye 6 months ago Truman had been living, where he could, at the odd friend's house or hostel. Now his whole life boiled down to this one moment on the roof of Harrods. He tried to explain to himself how his and Sylvia's love disintegrated like a crumbling, frozen flower in winter. It simply wasn't strong enough to survive. He finally allowed himself to think something that he had previously pushed away, had Christof been doing the right thing? Now he had seen and experienced the cruel reality of life, which all humans endure with success and failure, he wasn't so sure he wanted to be one of the ones to endure it… Had Christof been doing the right thing for all the wrong reasons? In 'The Truman Show' he never saw any hardship, pain or suffering. Everything was offered to him on a plate and he decided to go it alone instead. It was a decision which had gone very wrong. Was his life really worth anything anymore? Sylvia had left him, he owned just what he was wearing and he didn't have a penny to his name. He could probably save himself al lot of heartache if he just ended everything, right here, right now. After a while longer he arrived at a decision. It was one that left him with an odd sense of calm and stillness. He took a deep breath and made that final step. ","Summary":" Immediately Panic began to sweep through Truman as fast as a lethal poison. What happens now? It da"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The Heroic Effort and Great Escape","Author":"Vickeyanne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6774929","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Scene. Truman and Sylvia (Lauren) are studying in the library for finals directly across from each other. Truman notices Sylvia and there is an instant attraction - they introduce themselves to one another and begin talking. *School Bell Rings Truman: Let's get out of here and go somewhere, I'm so sick of studying! Sylvia: I would love to! But how are we going to leave without the teachers noticing? Truman: I have a plan, no one will be able to see us. Sylvia: (under her breath) That's what you think. Truman: What did you say? Sylvia: Oh, nothing. I'll explain later. The two manage to escape the library and every single camera. (What stealth!) The producer frantically forms a search party immediately to find them. The star of the show cannot go missing! How is that possible with so many cameras around? Meanwhile, Truman and Sylvia take off to the woods, running as far away as they can from the town, just so they can be together. They take a breather for a moment and Sylvia tells Truman her real name and the truth about his life. He is so hurt and disgusted, but is so thankful that she wanted to help by telling him the truth. After much walking and talking, the couple hits a wall and finds a door that leads out to the real world. Truman: Thanks for your help, Sylvia, uhh I mean Lauren. It takes a very special person to want to help me out of this mess. Lauren: It's the least I could do. You're an amazing person who doesn't deserve to be \"locked up\" and on camera his whole life without knowing it. Stick with me and I'll show you the world. The two hold hands and step out of the set. A shocked cast and crew stand by staring blankly as Lauren and Truman start walking out. The producer appears, running and out of breath, to try and stop them. Producer: What are you doing, Truman? Aren't you happy living in this world that I have created for you? Truman: Happiness in that world doesn't matter. I've been secluded in a place by myself. It's all a lie. How would you like to live in a world where everyone knows your business? Producer: I wanted to- Truman: (breaking in) It's not about you! This is MY life. Show is over, there's nothing left to see. Truman and Lauren walk out through the doors marked \"EXIT\" and everyone watching on TV cheers. Their beloved Truman will be missed, but they all really want what's best for him. ","Summary":" Scene. Truman and Sylvia (Lauren) are studying in the library for finals directly across from each "},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Nichts hatte sich verändert","Author":"Jeanniebird","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7381698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dies ist die erst Story, die ich hier poste und ich hoffe sie gefällt euch (falls es überhaupt jemand liest. Ursprünglich ist es eine Philosophie-Hausaufgabe, die ich etwas überarbeitet habe. Falls hier jemand vorbeischaut, hinterlasst bitte einen Review, sodass ich weiß was ihr hiervon haltet. Und sei es auch nur um mich zusammenzustauchen, dass ich meine theatralische Ader habe durchkommen lassen. Disclaimer: Weder Truman, noch Silvia und Christof gehören mir, ich habe sie nur ausgeliehen in dem Versuch, euch zu unterhalten. Jegliche Übereinstimmungen mit euren Geschichten sind nicht beabsichtigt. Nichts hatte sich verändert. Gar nichts. Der einzige, der ihn nicht mehr mit Namen ansprach, war der Radiosprecher. Er konnte nicht entkommen, obwohl er das Studio verlassen hatte. Als er nach draußen getreten war und zum ersten Mal den richtigen Himmel gesehen hatte, nicht mehr eine große Leinwand, war er direkt von Reportern belagert worden. Sie hatten ihn mit Fragen gelöchert. Wie es ihm gehe, was er von der richtigen Welt halte und was er bezüglich Christofs machen würde. Wollte er klagen? Truman war überwältigt. Er wusste nicht, wie reagieren sollte. Schließlich, nach einer gefühlten Ewigkeit des Herumstotterns, waren einige Polizisten aufgetaucht und hatten die Reporter hinter eine Absperrung gedrängt. Sie sah unter dem Ansturm der Journalisten jedoch bedenklich schwach aus, als würde sie jeden Moment umknicken wie ein Schilfrohr im Wind. Die Polizisten brachten ihn in irgendein Büro. Einerseits, um ihn über seine rechtliche Lage zu informieren, aber auch um die Gaffer abzuhalten. Die Leute waren in Scharen herbeigeströmt als sie gesehen hatten, dass Truman das Studio verlassen hatte. Bis jetzt waren erst die Menschen aus der näheren Umgebung da und die Reporter, die ganz gleich, ob Truman es schaffte oder nicht, Christof zu der Flucht hatten befragen wollen. Aber es kamen immer mehr Zivilisten aus den ganzen USA, aus der ganzen Welt. Währenddessen wurden Truman Filmaufnahmen gezeigt, aus seinem ganzen, dokumentierten Leben. Die Sammlungen kamen immer wöchentlich heraus, mit einer Woche aus Truman Burbanks Leben. Sie zeigten ihm die neuste Folge. Es war die 1557. Truman kam sich vor wie ein Schlafwandler, der nach einem sehr langen Traum aufwacht und die Realität sieht. Nur das er erfahren muss, dass die ganze Welt seinen Traum mitgeträumt hatte. Plötzlich war ihm herzlich egal, was der Beamte ihm über die Chancen für eine erfolgreiche Klage gegen Christof erklärte, er wollte nur noch zu ihr. Schließlich war sie das einzig reale und immer noch beständige in einer Welt gewesen, die bis vor wenigen Tagen seine einzige Welt war. Bis er herausgefunden hatte, dass alles um ihn herum nur für ihn gemacht worden war. Durch sie hatte er die Kraft gefunden seinem Gefängnis zu entkommen. Wegen ihr war er schließlich überhaupt erst hier. Wegen Silvia. Also unterbrach er den Redestrom des Officers: „Wo ist Silvia? Ich würde sie sehr gerne sehen.\" Der Beamte lächelte wissend. „Natürlich wollen Sie zu ihr. Ich habe schon den Anruf eines Kollegen bekommen, er hat sich die Freiheit genommen, sie hierher zu schicken\", meinte er verständnisvoll. Das stimmte, sie hatte nicht einmal ihren Namen und ihr Anliegen nennen müssen, sondern man hatte ihr direkt und kommentarlos den Weg gewiesen. Sie war, nach Truman, als dessen große Liebe, schließlich auch eine der bekanntesten Personen der Welt. Endlich waren sie wieder vereint. Und nun standen sie gemeinsam hier. Auf der Brücke. Er schaute in die Fluten unter sich. Einst hatte ihm schon der bloße Anblick von so tiefem Wasser höllische Angst eingejagt, jetzt konnte er hier an der Kante stehen. Sein Vater war niemals ertrunken, es war nur ein Schauspiel für ihn gewesen. Streng genommen war es nicht einmal sein Vater gewesen, er war ja von einer Firma adoptiert worden. „Truman. Komm da weg. Du kannst das nicht machen. Du darfst nicht einfach aufgeben\", rief sie von hinten und streckte ihm eine Hand entgegen. So, er durfte also nicht aufgeben. Nach sieben Jahren, in denen sie versucht hatten, normal zu leben. Nichts war besser geworden. Sie hatte gemeint, dass die Leute irgendwann das Interesse an ihm verlieren würden. Aber sie hatte sich geirrt. Die Leute waren weiter gekommen. Er war eine lebende Attraktion, ein Urlaubsziel. „Wir gehen Truman besuchen\", hieß es. Sie hatten versucht zu entkommen, waren auf die Fitchi-Inseln geflohen, wollten sich dort ein neues Leben aufbauen, aber es hatte nicht geklappt. Die Leute waren ihnen gefolgt. Woher sie wussten, wo sie waren, Truman hatte keine Ahnung. Manchmal hatte er immer noch das Gefühl, dass eine Kamera jede seiner Bewegungen verfolgte. Das Studio hatte sich nur vergrößert. Silvia sprach wieder, sie klang flehend, stellte Truman fest: „Bitte, Truman, das kannst du nicht tun. Du wolltest Christof doch entkommen und jetzt rennst du doch vor der Welt davon, denn nichts anderes wäre es, wenn du springst. Dann würdest du Christof recht geben und ich hätte mich in dir getäuscht. Willst du das? Ich weiß doch, dass du mich liebst. Würdest du nicht alles für mich geben?\" Truman brachte nur ein müdes lächeln zu Stande, seine Entscheidung war bereits gefallen. „Ja, du weißt dass ich dich liebe und genau deshalb werde ich springen. Denn nicht nur du weißt es, sondern die ganze Welt.\" Er wollte ihre Argumente nicht mehr hören. Sie machten es nur schmerzhafter. „Ich kann so nicht leben Silvia. Wir haben es versucht, doch ich bin für die Leute immer noch eine Freizeitbeschäftigung, daran hat sich nichts geändert. Wir werden keinen Frieden finden.\" Er schwieg eine Weile. Sie wollte ihm widersprechen; sagen, dass er unrecht habe, dass die Leute das Interesse verlieren würden, dass er die Hoffnung nicht aufgeben solle. Sie tat es nicht. So sehr sie sich mit ihm im Zuge ihrer „Free Truman\" Aktion mit ihm beschäftigt hatte, so sehr sie ihn liebte, konnte sie trotzdem nicht sagen, was ihm momentan durch den Kopf ging. Er hatte sich verändert. Seine Lebensfreude war Insichgekehrtheit und Bedrückung gewichen. Oder war es Enttäuschung? Enttäuschung, dass die reale Welt nicht so war wie er es sich erhofft hatte? Silvia konnte es nicht sagen. Truman drehte sich zu ihr um: „Weißt du, Christof hatte recht, die wirkliche Welt, die wissende Welt, ist grausam. Aber nicht die Menschen oder das Leben sind das Grausamste. Das Grausamste ist das die reale, die wissende Welt, weiß. Alles weiß.\" Mit diesen Worten trat er einen Schritt zurück. Silvia stieß nicht einmal einen Schrei aus, als er in den reißenden Fluten des Flusses verschwand. ","Summary":" Dies ist die erst Story, die ich hier poste und ich hoffe sie gefällt euch (falls es überhaupt jema"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"4 People Truman May Or May Not Have Forgiven","Author":"GlitzKit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5717361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: nope don't own. Not even close to owning. All characters belong to the rightful owners –sigh- 4 people Truman may or may not have forgiven; and 1(2) he never blamed. 4. Matthew : Louis Coltrane Months after he left, Truman could honestly say, with no trace of irony at all, that he loved people watching. He could sit all day long, in the city, out in the country anywhere and just watch people go about their lives completely ignoring him. Ignoring the person sitting on the bench in sunglasses and a sweatshirt and be completely real. (Sylvia had said once, not long after he left his not-home, that it was almost normal for him to be fascinated by the most mundane crap people do everyday, in the real world. she had given him many reasons why with sound arguments and a vocabulary that any physiatrist would be jealous of. Truman had just looked at her, confusion all over his face and she had just shrugged and had simply said \"what? My acting career was going no where, I had to get into something\") Truman, however, was a smart man. And being a smart man, he knew one day or another, someone he knew, someone from that life would pop up. He just had no idea where or when or even who. (Neither did they for that matter. that idea both thrilled and terrified him.) So it would make sense, the world now real and uncontrollable by anything, that he would see his not-best friend waitering tables one sunny evening. He stopped breathing for a few moments; blind panic hitting him, glancing around for any repeating cars, any person talking into their coat like it was a transmitter. Thinking 'no. it's real this time.' His heartbeat calmed when all he saw around him was teenagers kicking a garage can, smoking,(something that he wouldn't even dream of seeing in Seahaven) and a woman reading a book while her dog tugged at the end of its' leash, begging to get free. He turned back to see Marlon place two plates on the outside table and walk away without notice. He stared long and hard at Marlon, the way he was walking, the way his face moved and he took down orders, his body language as he dealt with angry customers. It wasn't until the sun started to set that Truman jerked up from staring, glancing at the retreating sun. He realized, almost belatedly that he spent the entire day watching Marlon. He watched him the entire day and he couldn't find one single thing different about him. He was exactly as he remembered him from his not-home. Same heavy step, taking his time getting from place to place, same gentle demeanor even in the face of unfairness, same everything (Well, maybe he was a little thinner from some angels, but Truman blamed that on the light and clearly those uniforms are just not flattering to the form.) Making a decision (because he could) Truman walked up to the restaurant door and waited. Waited for the man that had stood by him his entire life to walk out the door and...Well...he didn't know what he will do, but Truman will no doubt think of something. When the lights finally went out of the place and people started leaving, Truman was no farther in that whole 'thinking of something' plan. Marlon was the last to leave, locking the place with keys that he threw to a gentleman waiting a little farther down the sidewalk without really paying attention. His body slumped in defeat and for a fleeting moment, Truman thought that he saw him. But no, Marlon just stayed like that, like the world was resting on his shoulders and he had no one to help him carry it. And Truman is confused for brief second. He's never seen Marlon like this before, like the world wasn't only resting on his shoulders, it was also beating him to a bloody pulp and Marlon had just given up fighting it. Like Marlon finally realized that no one in the world remembered anything he ever did, just because he was the best friend and not the hero. (And if Truman is honest with himself, he can also see remnants of what he now knows is signs of a drug addict surfacing, and he just can't let that happen again, especially since he knows what this is now) Truman finally has an idea. \"Hey Marlon,\" Truman steps out of the shadows, \"wanna take adventure somewhere with me? Like...Fiji sounds great this time of year.\" Marlon's' back straightened and tensed and Truman almost swore, worried he miscalculated, got something wrong and he just threw away the friendship that lasted through the years, set up or not, and will damn well last through this. Marlon turned around slowly, facing Truman, eyes bearing into him for a long moment, asking a question that Truman had no real answer for. Not yet. Right before Truman had a panic attack of epic proportions at the amount of time passing; Marlon's face slowly breaks out in a large smile, finally getting it. Looking down for a moment, Marlon looks back at Truman, eyes slightly wet, he says \"Sure buddy, anything you want. And you know, just for the record, my name is Louis.\" They don't hug, they don't even shake hands, but they do walk home together and talk and Marlon—Louis owns up to his promise to never lie to Truman. This, in Truman's mind, was the most brilliant start to the friendship. 3. Judas : Alanis Montclair Her face was aged and roughened, more than Truman had ever seen her before, all grace gone from her posture. She held a long cigarette in her hand, smoke curling obscenely around her fingers as she inhaled. \"Truman,\" she said on the exhale, not even coughing around the words, obviously an old habit, born from many years of practice. Suddenly, Truman didn't really want to hear anything this woman had to say. \"Alanis,\" he said, not looking away from her face, watching her flinch at the use of her real name. \"I don't really want to hear anything you have to say, so just save your breath.\" He leaned back in his chair, waiting. She tried to speak again, \"Trum—\" \"No, \" he sat up straight, \"you lost the right to say my name after you spent thirty years pretending to be my mother. Pretending to be the woman that gave birth to me, the one that gave me life and you expect me to listen to all your excuses, when I know damn well you just did it for money!\" He was getting angry, felt his face heating up and he didn't want to break down. Not now, not after months of holding it in for so well. Not over her. He turned away from her, shifting around in his chair. \"You know,\" he continued in a conversational tone, trying to keep calm. \"These past couple months, I looked everyone up. The internet,\" he snorted at that. \"Quite a tool that thing is. You can find just about anything out with just a click of a mouse, things from places other than Seahaven even. And you want to know what I found?\" He directed the question at her, glancing at her for a moment just enough to see her shake her head, taking another breath from her cigarette. \"I found a quote from you, when I was turning ten I believe,\" He glanced at her again, remembering that birthday clearly. \"And a reporter asked you what you will do when I turn twenty, thirty or even forty, and you replied, 'well, I'll just get a pay raise for every year he gets older of course.'\" This time he gets up from the table, standing and collecting his things. \"I do hope you saved your money from all those birthdays, because I don't really see any work in your future.\" And with that he walks out, leaving the check for her and her cloud of smoke. After thirty years of pay raises, she can take care of a measly restranut bill. 2 . Mary Magdalene : Hannah Gill He doesn't even know how he got here. Thirteen months and sixteen days after he left 'Seahaven', Truman found himself standing in front of his ex-wife. Who looked, for lack of better words, annoyed. Of what, he had no idea, but if she was anything like her on-screen persona, Hanna Gill was going to let him know sooner rather than later. They stood in the middle of an extremely crowed grocery store, no one even looking twice at them. (Truman felt a little thrill at that.) Both of them not saying a word before Hannah click her tongue in annoyance and grabbed his forearm, dragging him outside, and whoa there's a sense of reverse déjà vu. Stopping only when they reached the coin machines, she let go of his arm and looked around for a moment. \"I,\" she began, still not even looking at him. \"I'm not going to say I'm sorry.\" She trained her eyes on him, blue steel bearing into him and Truman wondered if this is who she is, who the woman he married really is. Not the cookie-cutter perfect wife she had presented herself has, but this assertive woman, who had no regrets in any manner and no problem saying no. (Truman thinks that if she was like this in Seahaven, he would have fallen for her more than ever did for Meryl. He doesn't know whether to be grateful or sad that she never was. ) \"Okay.\" He said after a couple moments. \"Okay? Really?\" She gave him a skeptical look, \"You're not the least bit angry?\" she sounded unconvinced. He smiled, looking at her, looking at her fragile frame dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt, something that he never saw her wear before. Looked at her, truly seeing the person she was and couldn't find any anger directed at this woman. \"No, I'm not angry,\" he genuinely laughed, happy to find a distinction between that life and this one \"because, you are just…far too different than all those years I knew you. I mean, it's like you were two different people. One so perfect and caring and annoying that I just couldn't stand anymore and the other so perfect in only that you are flawed. You relish in your flaws, creating something so honestly you. So no, I'm not mad.\" Truman thought about it for a split second before he reached across the distance of their bodies and grabbed her hand, holding it gently. \"Don't get me wrong, I hated you for the longest time. I mean, you married me! Surly that meant something to you and than I find out that you were paid more to sleep with me,\" she looked away for a moment, embarrassed, trying to pull her hand away but Truman held on tighter. \"I couldn't even believe it. But seeing you now, seeing the real you, I'm starting to believe it was more of an escape than an act.\" He tugged her forward, so gentle still, clutching her hand to his chest. \"I can't hate you for doing what any person in their right mind would do. I mean, why stay in a horrible world when you can have a virtual paradise with a perfect husband.\" He kissed her hand before letting it go, only for it to reach up and touch his cheek. \"If it's any consolation,\" she now smiled at him, \"those moments we shared, the nights we watched movies and talked or the days where we went to the park or even the whole sex thing.\" She looked down, her hand warm on his blushing face. \"In those moments, I was truly in love with you and I have never regretted that.\" She took her hand away and kissed his cheek before turning around and walking to her car, her stride confident. Oh yeah , definitely would have fallen for her hard if she had been like that when they met. 1. God : Christof; the creator of a TV show. He never met Christof, and never intend too, (Sylvia's rants more than enough evidence that he was not a decent person.) but every so often, Truman feels a pang of want. Where he just wants to meet the man that had literally planned his whole like, almost from conception to death (he shudders, thinking about what kind of death Christof had planned, and wondered if it would have even gotten that far.) He wonders if Christof cherished Truman like a son or only thought of him as a toy. He only ever saw what Christof looked like once, on the television two months after he left. Christof was talking about his future prospects and his regret that the Truman Show ended so soon. ('Not soon enough' Sylvia had muttered off to his side, unhappily watching the program since Truman wouldn't let her change it.) He was going on and on and on and all Truman could see was the frail older man, pale skin starch in the sun, standing there with a slight hunch in his shoulders but head still tall, and Truman feared this man. Feared him for reasons he knows doesn't make sense. Fears him because Christof isn't making the decisions for him anymore, isn't controlling his life with a press of the button and Truman starts shaking, feeling like someone cut his rope and he has nowhere to grab. Sylvia had reacted instantly, hugging him and turning off the television, say things like 'Shhh he can't control you any more Truman, your safe. You're here.' And Truman never had the courage to tell her the truth, even now. Looking at the now black screen, he can see Christof standing there still, surrounded by light, standing tall and proud, even as he ruins more and more lives and all Truman can think is that he would never want to see him in person, because he just doesn't know how he will react. (2)1 Virgin Mary : Mother (And Father) The china clink against each other and the silence is a comfortable one. Well, as comfortable as it can get when you're sitting across from your real mother who let a television station adopt you. So…maybe not all that comfortable. \"You know, I'm surprised it took you so long to find me,\" The woman across from him takes a sip from the cup. \"I mean, not that I think I'm the most important thing to you, but, if I was you, I know I would have been here, kicking and screaming.\" Her laugh is short and clipped, like the joke wasn't really a joke. Truman understands the feeling. \"There was so much of a circus after I left, I just, I couldn't really leave with out tying up some loose ends.\" He looks at her, just soaking it in. \"It wasn't until Sylvia and I decided it was time to leave California that I even thought about finding you. It was, shockingly, really easy.\" She lets out a small breath of air at that. \"I'm not that surprised. As unconventional as it was, it was still an adoption. And those things just inhale paperwork like air.\" Silence one again descends the two of them. Truman doesn't want to mention that in all that paperwork, he never found anything on his father. He doesn't want to ask her about it either. Instead he takes in her appearance. He had tried to find out as much information on her, but other than where she lived, and that she had a drug problem when she was younger, he really couldn't find anything else. Her build was tall and sturdy, ('Probably where he got his height,' he thinks silently.) and her hair a dark blonde, almost brown, eyes a brilliant blue. (He must have gotten his brown eyes and brown hair from his father than.) \"Did you,\" she looks up from her cup at him, waiting for the rest of what he was going to say, \"Did you ever watch any of the show?\" he says the world show with a barely contained stutter. She doesn't notice, shaking her head a little she says, \"Tell you the truth, it was,\" she grasped the cup tighter, knuckles turning white. \"It was hard. I mean, Truman, you have to understand, I was sixteen when I had you. I was sixteen and in a drug haze.\" She hangs her head a little, \"Both me and your father were not ready for a baby and they offered and I just though 'what the hell, why not? It's not going to last more than a couple years.' I guess I was wrong on that account.\" She stands up suddenly, walking the short distance to the kitchen behind her. \"But to answer your question, yes, I did.\" Placing the cup on the table, Truman gets up and follows her to the kitchen, resting against the counter, letting her continue. \"I watch ones that I couldn't avoid because after several years you were all over the place and I couldn't even think of escaping you.\" She wraps her arms around herself, and Truman has the strongest urge to hold her. \"I saw…another woman raising you, probably better than I ever could. I saw you mourn the loss of your father, and I couldn't help but think, 'he's not dead. He's right here.'\" She falls silent for a moment before raising her head. \"You can ask, by the way. I know the adoption papers were, how should I put it, vague in regard to him.\" She laughs that clipped laugh again. \"I,\" Truman hesitates for a heartbeat, \"Where is he?\" he holds his breath, waiting. The tears fall silently down her cheek suddenly and Truman wants to take it back, wants to take back his stupid question. He tries too. \"Neverm—\" \"No.\" she harshly wipes the tears away, \"You, of all people, deserve to know. He died. About six years ago, drunk driver killed him, of all things.\" She shakes her head. \"Your father…this man was such a loose cannon sometimes. For as long as I've known him, he was either high or drunk, and when he finally does die, it's because of someone else's mistake.\" She looks at him suddenly, \"he loved you though. Don't ever doubt that. He was…furious when he found out what I had done. He thought he was ready for a child, but, he wasn't. At all.\" Truman raises his hands slowly before catching her hands in his, his dwarfing hers, and asks as gently as he could, \"Did…you two ever get back together?\" He needed to know. He doesn't know why, he just does. His mother gives a short laugh, harsh, not pulling her hands away, \"yeah, a couple times. Each time we tried to get sober, too. That worked about as well as the relationship did.\" She contemplates something, \"When you were turning eighteen, we were together than, and sober, had been for years. We got…this crazy notion in our heads that they were going to end it now. Have someone jump out of a cake and yell surprise at you and then you would leave the show and we would finally meet you. Your father, James, he was…so excited. Kept going around the house saying things like \"My boy is coming home!\" When we watched the show and realized that they weren't going to do that, we were beyond devastated,\" She was talking through her tears now, not willing to pull her hands away to wipe them away. That's when things really began to go down hill. We tried to have more children, but it never took, no matter what we did. Jimmy took it really hard. Harder, I think, because he was never given a choice the first time.\" She couldn't go on anymore, the crying getting harder, and this time Truman did pull her in and hug her, Hugged her like his life depended on it. In a way, it sort of did. She pulled back just slightly, not even to escape his grasp, just enough to talk, \"I used to think, that it was my fault. That God was punishing me since I gave up my first child so I couldn't have another one.\" She covered his mouth when he began to protest that idea. \"No, what I did was horrible Truman, even if I did it so you would have a better life than you would ever have with me.\" She swallowed for a moment, holding back her tears, \"And I saw you all these years later, standing by that exit door, standing so tall and proud and looking so much like, just smiling as you walked away from a perfect life and looking so much like Jimmy's, all I could think, 'At least I did something right, that boy, that man is mine and Jimmy's' and I couldn't have been more prouder. And I thought, even though I was to blame, even if you hated me, you were being someone great and couldn't have been more happier.\" She wasn't crying anymore, but she also wasn't looking at him. Truman raised her head up until she was looking him in the eyes. \"Mom,\" He could feel the hot trail of tears on his face, held back for so long, \"mom, I could never, would ever blame or hate you.\" They held each other until the sun dipped behind the horizon, bathing them in the moons light. THE END. Oh thank god, my brain was starting to hurt. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: nope don't own. Not even close to owning. All characters belong to the rightful owners "},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The Truman Show: La confesión de Christof","Author":"MayoTango131","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6714457","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Truman Show: La confesión de Christof. * La película \"The Truman Show\" y sus personajes no me pertenecen, solo a la productora Paramount Pictures , también a su director Peter Weir y al guionista Andrew Niccol. * Este Fan Fic es tan solo un \"epilogo ficticio\" de la película del mismo nombre. Solo lo escribí por su final abierto. * Esta historia se sitúa muchos años después del final de la película. Prologo … Y han pasado 10 años desde la liberación de Truman de esa \"jaula\" que lo ha mantenido prisionero y sin saberlo toda su vida fue transmitida en vivo y en directo a todo mundo, las 24 horas, los 7 días de la semana, a cada segundo . El responsable de tal \"atrocidad\", Es: El viejo \"tele-visionario\", Christof. El fue visto por ultima vez hace 9 años, en una rueda de prensa en el que el anunciaba su retiro desde ese momento desapareció de la faz de la tierra. Varios de los actores de reparto, los técnicos del estudio…literalmente todo el mundo desconoce su paradero. Cambiando el tema: Louis Coltrane; el actor que interpretaba al mejor \"amigo\" de Truman, Marlon, se unió al budismo para expiar sus culpas por haberle mentido a Truman durante toda su vida. Hannah Gilll; la actriz que interpreto a la \"esposa\" de Truman, Mery, su carrera de actriz decayó después de la cancelación del programa y hasta ahora no se sabe absolutamente nada de ella…posiblemente se suicido, y por ultimo el \"mundo ficticio\" de Truman; el pueblito de Seahaven, antes servia como \"la jaula\" que contuvo a Truman durante casi toda su vida, ahora tiene un mejor uso; ahora el lugar sirve como refugio para las victimas del terremoto de Haití. Christof, en donde quieras que estés, déjame decirte lo que todo el mundo se pregunta de ti a diario: ¿por que le hiciste esto al pobre de Truman?, ¿por que? El especial: \"El canto del cisne del Show de Truman\", volverá después de estos comerciales… \" Ese Hijo de puta\". Con esas palabras se expresa Silvia al escuchar la mención del nombre de \"Christof en ese especial de televisión que celebra el décimo aniversario de la cancelación de la \"épica serie\". Ella lo esta viendo en su cama al lado de su amado esposo…Truman Burbank. En retrospectiva, Para Truman Burbank; no le ha sido fácil adaptarse y acostumbrarse a la \"cruda\" realidad, ya que toda su vida era \"perfecta\" y de \"color de rosa\", pero esa vida era una ilusión, acompañada con cámaras de video y efectos especiales. En sus primeros años en el mundo real, a Truman le parecía muy extraño que todo el mundo le conociera y que supieran todo sobre él. También comprendió que la vida es dura, injusta e oscura, pero Truman prefiere mil veces vivir en la vida real que en esa falsa vida que vivió mientras que estaba encerrado en esa \"ciudad burbuja\"; de Seahaven. Tres años después de vivir con su amada, nace su primera hija, una maravillosa niñita que Silvia la concibió en un hospital privado para evitar que los Fans de Truman atestaran el lugar y alteren a la recién nacida. En ese momento ambos deciden que por el bien de la niña tienen que irse del país. Ahora en la actualidad, Silvia y Truman tienen un matrimonio feliz, viven en una ciudad en Europa. Antes Truman tenia que soportar a los Fans que no paraban de acosarlo por todos lados hasta que Silvia y Truman escaparon del país para poder perderlos y para poder criar tranquilamente a su hija . La pareja vive en un pequeño pueblo en los campos de Escocia, obviamente para no llamar la atención, Truman se dejo la barba y usa unos lentes para poder pasar inadvertido y para vivir en paz en su nueva vida. Durante el paso del tiempo, el numero de fans del \"Show de Truman\" esta desapareciendo de poco a poco hasta quedar tan solo una pequeña agrupación mientras que el resto del mundo se esta olvidando del programa de poco a poco. Al parecer Truman al fin se gano la vida normal que tanto deseaba durante sus primeros años de libertad y que ahora la esta disfrutando junto con la mujer que realmente lo ama junto con su maravillosa hija de siete años de edad. Truman por fin tiene a una verdadera familia…, pero: ¿por cuanto tiempo durara la felicidad? En un típico sábado; tranquilo y soleado. Luego de dejar a su hija al jardín de niños, la pareja vuelve feliz a su hogar, pero en tan solo unos segundos de haber llegado, alguien toca la puerta de la casa de la \"feliz pareja\" y al abrirla tanto Silvia como Truman no reconocen a la misteriosa mujer asiática que vino a su hogar. La misteriosa mujer se presenta como Chloe y le explica que ella era una de los asistentes de Christoff que atendían en el estudio lunar hasta que el show se cancelo. En los últimos meses, Christoff se contacto con ella y la volvió a contratar como asistente personal, durante ese tiempo hasta ahora; ella se a dedicado a atender al viejo de Christoff en todos sus quehaceres porque el ya no estaba en condiciones para hacer algo... el pobre ni siquiera puede ir solo al baño. Gwen se toma unos minutos para explicarle a la pareja: Que hace un par de semanas atrás, los doctores le diagnosticaron a Christoff un cáncer incurable, durante el poco tiempo que le queda; se lo a estado gastando en buscar a Truman para poder despedirse de el, ¿por que?, porque Christoff considera a Truman como el hijo que nunca ha tenido. Después de oír eso, Silvia le escupe varias groserías a Chloe por considerar a Christoff un \"buen hombre\", luego Silvia le dice a ella que su jefe y a todos los sujetos que lo ayudaron a crear \"El Show de Truman\" que se merecen ir al infierno por transformar la vida de un inocente infante en… ¡un grotesco espectáculo televisivo! Justo cuando Silvia amenaza a Chloe con llamar a la policía, Truman la detiene y le pide que se calme, entonces le dice a la asustada mujer asiática (por culpa de la ira de Silvia) que ya no tiene miedo y que esta listo para enfrentarse a ese hombre, Silvia no logra comprender las razones de que porque su marido quiere hablar con ese monstruo e intenta detenerlo pero Truman le da un suave beso en los labios. Truman intenta irse de la casa, pero Silvia le estorba la entrada de la puerta, con una mirada de preocupación hacia su esposo. - ¡Truman!, no tienes que hacer esto. Christoff se esta muriendo y es muy posible que mañana el \"desaparezca\" de nuestras vidas…para siempre. Tu no tienes que ir ahí, tu no le debes nada a el. ¿Por que haces esto? – Silvia expresa esas palabras con un tono de tristeza y angustia. - Es algo que tengo que hacer, querida. Debo saber de una vez por todas ¿por que Christoff me hico esto a mi?, yo no soy su hijo, ni siquiera conozco a mi madre, la mujer que me parió en cuando me seleccionó entre esos otros bebes... Así que: ¿Por que yo? – Luego de decir eso, toma a Silvia de la cintura con sus manos y la mira a sus ojos con una mirada apasionante, pero con un aire de tristeza – Yo te amo, Silvia, y solo te pido que confíes en mí, Por favor. - Esta bien – Silvia se resigno a la situación y ahora esta mas calmada y comprende el dilema de su marido por descubrir sobre su \"origen televisivo\", y ella le da su apoyo -, ¿quieres que te acompañe? - ¡No, Silvia!... ¡Esto lo tengo que hacerlo solo!... Tú debes estar en la casa para cuidar a Amy (su hija) y para recogerla del jardín de niños. Te amo. Adiós, mi amor. Justo al terminar de decir eso, Truman se dirige al auto de Chloe para ir a la mansión de Christof, pero en el momento en el que Truman entro al auto; Silvia se acerca a el y le da un beso de despedida en la mejilla junto con un mensaje: Tú no jamás estarás solo, me tienes a mí y a tu hija. Recuerda eso. Truman le agradece mucho por las emotivas palabras y después el se va con Chloe a la mansión de Christof para buscar las respuestas a las preguntas que Truman se ha estado haciendo desde su \"libración\". Durante el transcurso del viaje en auto, Chloe se disculpa muchas veces con Truman porque ella se siente responsable por no haber detenido a Christof en cuando el deseaba volcar el velero (Santa María) en el que usaba Truman para escapar de Seahaven para poder seguir reteniéndolo en Seahaven y para que el no descubriera la verdad. Luego de decir eso, ella se pone a llorar por su sentimiento de culpa. Al verla tan deprimida, Truman nota la sinceridad en las palabras de Chloe y el acepta sus disculpas. Luego de horas de viaje en auto y de un viaje en avión, Truman y Chloe llegan a la mansión de Christof, En Tokio; Japón. Luego de llegar a la entrada de la mansión, ambos se disponen a entrar a la mansión para averiguar las razones o intenciones que Christof desea hablar con Truman en sus últimas horas. Después de subir por una larga escalera y por un largo pasillo hasta que ambos llegan a la habitación de Christof, pero Chloe no quiere entrar y decide esperar afuera mientras que Truman abre la puerta, ansioso para ver al responsable de la creación de \"El Show de Truman\" y por haberle arruinado su vida. Al entrar a la habitación, Truman se siente abatido por ver al \"creador de su vida\" agonizando en su cama, conectado a una maquina respiradora y rodeado de médicos y enfermeras, entonces Christof despierta y al darse cuenta de que Truman esta a su lado, se dispone a hablar con el. - Hola Truman, ¿como has estado? - lo dice con un irónico tono alegre y amigable. - ¿Por que? - Truman le responde eso con un tono de seriedad acompañado con una mirada fría y amenazante. - Temía que esto te podría suceder: El mundo real de convirtió en un \"salvaje\". Todo es culpa de esa puta de Silvia, ella arruino tu encanto y… - ¡POR QUE, YO! - Truman se altera y grita con mas fuerza - ¡Guau!, parece que quieres ir directo al punto - lo dice totalmente asustado en cuando se orina en sus pantalones a causa del grito -, muy bien, te lo diré: Todo empezó en mi remota niñez, yo… - No me digas la \"historia de tu patética vida\", tu vida me importa un comino. Ahora quiero que me digas: ¿Por que me usaste? … ¡Por que convertiste toda mi niñez, mi adolescencia... toda mi vida en un \"enfermizo Reality Show\"! Truman interrumpe bruscamente la narración de Christof. Para evitar problemas, los médicos le piden a Truman que se calme mientras que tratan de expulsarlo del lugar, pero Christof los detiene y le pide a Truman que continúe su historia porque lo involucra a el. Invadido por la curiosidad y rabia, Truman accede a las peticiones de Christof y le deja continuar en su relato mientras que por las órdenes de Christoff; los Doctores y enfermeras se retiran de la habitación... a excepción de un Doctor y una enfermera. - ¿En donde estaba?... Ah si…ahora me acuerdo: Durante mi niñez muchos niños me molestaban en la escuela, las niñas se burlaban de mi y los niños me golpeaban por ser… un hipocondríaco. Mis padres se divorciaron cuando cumplí los 15 años y justo en cuando pensaba que mi vida era una mierda, conocí al amor de mi vida… - ¿Y como se llamaba, ella?- Truman interrumpe el relato. - Eso ya importa, Truman, ella murió hace años por culpa de un asaltante que la apuñalo en cuando ella salio de la tienda, el sinvergüenza le robo todo hasta incluso los zapatos. En ese mismo día yo quería proponerle matrimonio pero lamentablemente se me olvido el simple hecho de que en la vida real: \"¡No existen los finales felices!\" - tras escuchar eso, Truman comienza a sentir lastima por el -. Unos meses después de la tragedia, comencé a trabajar en la televisión. Durante años; escribí guiones para telenovelas y me pagaban bien… pero algo siempre me molesto... y eso era las \"emociones falsas\" de los actores, no las soportaba así que entonces tuve una visión, un sueño, algo que revolucionaria la historia de la televisión para siempre… - No me digas mas, ya conozco el resto de la historia… así nació: ¡El Show de Truman! – lo dice Truman muy frustrado. Truman Estaba a punto de irse de ahí, pero entonces Christof lo detiene con unas palabras que marcaran a Truman de por vida. - ¡Alto, Truman!: ¡Yo te salve de tus padres, tus verdaderos padres biológicos! Ellos literalmente te estaban a punto de venderte a unos traficantes a cambio de cocaína - Truman esta abatido al oír eso y como Christof se esta muriendo el no duda que lo que le dijo es verdad -, Pero afortunadamente ellos vieron el anuncio (el que se necesitaban a un bebe para un show de televisión) sobre el programa y te adopte para el Show y a esos vagabundos les di un cheque junto con una amenaza para que no se acerquen a su bebe, tristemente a tus padres no les importo la amenaza, de hecho ellos estaban felices por \"abandonar\" a su propio hijo. Ahora sabes la verdad, Truman, yo te quise como si fueras mi verdadero hijo, incluso te construí un \"paraíso\" para que estés alejado de la cruel y sádica realidad, pero lo único que lamento es no haberte dicho la verdad antes. Recuerda mis palabras: Vive tu vida, ya eres libre y lamento mucho lo que te hice en el pasado. La vida es muy corta como para guardar rencor así que disfrútala mientras aun eres joven. Así que, Truman, podrías perdonar a este viejo, por favor. Al terminar de decir esas palabras que inspiran lastima, Christof mira a Truman con ojos que muestran lastima y de arrepiento, pero Truman no dice ni una palabra, ni siquiera una sola; el solo se acerca a Christof y expresa estas palabras a su oído: \"Yo te perdono \". Luego de decir eso el se retira del lugar, pero antes de cruzar la puerta, Truman dice estas simpáticas palabras con un tono casi alegre: \" Por si no nos vemos, Christof: Buenos días, buenas tardes y buenas noches\". Con esas palabras Truman hace las paces con el agonizante Christof, pero mientras que Truman salía de la mansión junto con Chloe, Christof le ordena a uno de los médicos que le desconecten de la maquina respiradora y que lo deje morir de poco a poco. ¿Por qué motivos haría esto, Christof?; Porque aunque Christoff se gano su perdón y piedad, el no se ha perdonado a si mismo por el daño que le ha causado a Truman... y por motivos impulsados por la depresión y la soledad el decide terminar con su vida y recibir su merecido castigo en el infierno por manipular la vida de un joven. Epilogo Truman vuelve a su hogar, gracias a Chloe, al llegar lo reciben amorosamente Silvia y Amy (su hija) en la entrada de su casa. Luego de una larga Charla de lo que le ocurrió en su visita a la mansión de Christof, Silvia siente algo de pena por el hasta incluso piensa que se merece ser perdonado. Luego de haber cenado, ya es hora de dormir y Truman arropa a su hija y le cuenta un cuento para dormir. Cuando su hija esta profundamente dormida, Truman se acuesta con su esposa y le agradece por todo: por liberarlo y por amarlo de verdad. Silvia esta feliz por oír eso y le da un beso en los labios y después ambos comienzan a hacer el amor durante horas hasta quedarse exhaustos. Silvia duerme en sus brazos mientras que Truman la acaricia con amor hasta que se queda dormido. El Fin. Notas del Autor: \"Bueno, escribí este Fic porque no hay ninguno en español sobre esta maravillosa película. Espero que les haya gustado\" * El personaje de Chloe ya apareció en la película. Interpretada por Una Damon. * El personaje que narra \"El especial: El canto del cisne del Show de Truman\", es Mike Michaelson, otro personaje que apareció en la película; (Es el que entrevista a Christoff). Interpretado por Harry Shearer ","Summary":" The Truman Show: La confesión de Christof. * La película \"The Truman Show\" y sus personajes no me"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Paintbrush","Author":"El loopy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5315158","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paintbrush The sandnwas warm under Truman's hands as he sat quietly on the still beach,nwatching the sun disappear over the edge of the sea. Sylvia's handnwas settled on top of his own, gently caressing his skin with hernthumb. He could feel the warmth from that too, and the warmth of thensun on his face. It was…different from the fake sun he had feltnbefore. He hadn't known quite how lacking it had been back then. Hendid now, and he appreciated every moment of it. He watchednthe gold streaks meet the reds and oranges and start to be pushednaway by the blue. \"Younknow,\" he whispered, \"Marlon once said to me, as we were watchingnthe sunset together, that it was the most perfect sunset in thenworld. He said that the big guy had quite a paintbrush.\" Sylvianturned her eyes away from the natural work of art before her to thenone sitting next to her. She was getting used to these littlencomments that he made as he compared real life to the fake one he hadnpreviously lived. Her eyes travelled over every feature of his facenand figure, imprinting them again on her memory. She had seen him sonmany times when he hadn't seen her. She knew the look of it allnfrom a flat screen, when she had been separated from him unfairly,nunjustly for so many painful years. All she had been able to do thennwas look. He was so much more beautiful in person. His hand was sonreal underneath hers. She couldn't believe that she finally had himnwith her now, with no cameras and no interruptions. It was just thentwo of them. \"When Inleft the studio,\" Truman continued, \"my belief that there was annalmighty creator vanished. The creator of that amazing sunset, thatnperfect sunset, happened to be a man who had engineered my wholenlife…and yeah, his crew of artists probably did have nicenpaintbrushes.\" Trumannfell silent and gazed out at the sea. \"Thisnthough…\" he waved his hand forward, \"this restores it.\" Henlooked at Sylvia, directly into her eyes and smiled that smile thatnhad captured the heart of millions across the globe. \"This sunset,nthe real one, far outstrips anything that could have been created inna studio. It is more perfect, more beautiful, more colourful, morenawe inspiring…and the real thing.\" Sylviansmiled at the boyish look of delight on his face, how alive henlooked, and kissed him. Truman wrapped his arms around her and drewnher closer until there was no distance between them. Finally breakingnthe kiss Sylvia snuggled into his jumper, breathing in his smell asnthey watched the last rays of the sunset together. Trumannheld her close, resting his face against her hair. \"I tellnyou what though,\" he whispered into the golden brown strands. \"Itnappears that Marlon was right, the Big Guy really does have annamazing paintbrush.\" ","Summary":" Paintbrush The sandnwas warm under Truman's hands as he sat quietly on the still beach,nwatching th"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Can't Forget Her Face","Author":"AuthorSwimmerPoet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9299750","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Truman stared at his hands, shocked and frozen in place. He'd relived it so many, how could he be forgetting Sylvia's face? He didn't want to forget her face, sometimes it felt like she was the only person that had ever cared about him. He knew that was ridiculous of course, his mother loved him, Meryl loved him, and he had a great best friend in Marlon, but still...he didn't want to forget Sylvia. \"What can I do?\" He whispered in frustration. \"Truman!\" Meryl called breaking through his reverie. \"Truman where are you?\" Truman shook himself, \"In the basement honey!\" He called as an idea suddenly occurred to him. He could recreate Sylvia. Maybe he wouldn't ever make it to Fiji and have a chance to reunite with his high school crush, but at least he could make an image of her so he didn't lose the memory of his face. He stood determinedly hearing Meryl on the steps to come into the basement. Tomorrow, tomorrow he would start making a picture of Sylvia. \"Truman what have you been doing?\" Meryl appeared and Truman made his way towards the stairs. \"Just tinkering with the mower. What's for dinner?\" Meryl grinned saccharinely at him seeing that he was making his way upstairs. \"I made your favorite, Kaiser chicken crumbles.\" \"Sounds great.\" Truman responded his mind already working on how he would create a picture of Sylvia. ","Summary":" Truman stared at his hands, shocked and frozen in place. He'd relived it so many, how could he be f"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Love Him Protect Him","Author":"Sparrow.Ink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7134165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love Him Protect Him David is a guard in the moon, and he wears the shirt just like every other security guard in the place. \"Love Him Protect Him\" the shirts say, and that's exactly what the guards are meant to do. Maybe to the other guards those words didn't mean anything. Maybe to them this job is just a way to get a paycheck. But to David those words mean everything and his job is something he believes in. David honestly and truly loves Truman Burbank. He really believes in the world Christof has created. And so he's pledged himself to protect both. Because Truman is more than a man and Seahaven is more than a town. They are an ideal, a piece of perfection. Truman himself is as man ought to be. He has a steady job, a smiling wife, and a pretty house in a safe neighborhood. He's funny and handsome and sweet and kind. He smiles and David is enraptured. Seahaven too is exactly how things are meant to be. It is always clean, has no crime, and no unrest. The neighbors are nice to each other, and they treat each other with respect. No one goes hungry and you never see vagabonds or bums. There's never any unemployment and everyone has a place to live. Everybody wears perfect clothing and smile at each other out of perfect pretty faces. David thinks he has never seen anything as beautiful as Seahaven. David grew up in a one-room apartment in New York City with his mother and a handful of constant cockroaches. His mother was a chain-smoker who never went anywhere but her job at the diner and the Church. From her David learned how to hawk a loogie across a room, and the power of faith. Only one of those would come in handy later on. Where David's mother was able to give her faith to a man on a cross, David gives all of his belief and love and devotion to a man and a town that don't strictly exist. David's okay with that, the unreality of who and what he chooses to protect. Because Truman and Seahaven are better than reality. They're everything as it should be. Sylvia hates the show, hates to see what those monsters have done to an innocent man. But she never stops watching. She can't. She's incapable of looking away. She may have only shared some stolen moments and scarce kisses, but the truth is that she loves Truman Burbank. She does, really and truly. And she will do whatever it takes to protect him from the evil that is using him for its own purposes. To her, the Truman Show is everything that is wrong with our world. It's based on lies, and corruption, and obsession, and the power of money and prestige to wreck a life and hold it hostage. It sickens her. The constant product placement and advertisement sets her teeth on edge. It's practically mind control, the way they tell the consumers that they can be just like Truman, hold a piece of Truman, get close to Truman if they just buy this cocoa or that lawn mower. It's almost a lie, just this close to being one. But the people, they buy into it anyway, and they buy the things they're told to. Because they're all so obsessed. Everyone watches the Truman show, everyone, and God forbid you miss a single second. Though maybe \"God\" is the wrong word. There's no God here. The people have no love for God anymore. They're too busy watching and watching and buying. No one cares about the lies. No one cares that Truman is a real person who never had any choice in all of this. No one cares that a corporation should never have gotten their hands on a child. No one cares that it shouldn't have been legal, shouldn't be legal. No one cares that Truman, beloved of the world, is trapped. But that's because the world is a petty place and very few people really care about Truman the person rather than Truman the obsession of the world at large. And that is the truth and that is why Sylvia hates the Truman Show. The Show takes the world apart and twists it and reflects our society back at us. The Show gives us Truman, a trapped man in a plastic world of lies. Nothing is real there, and everything is lies and greed and fame and power. Sylvia knows that she's the only person who really loves Truman. So she will protect him from the double twisted realities of the Show and society, though she's never really sure which is worse. ","Summary":" Love Him Protect Him David is a guard in the moon, and he wears the shirt just like every other sec"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Reality","Author":"The Book of Sand","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4158642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sangmin Lee \"Whenndid I know about this?\" I asked my self, the answer was 'I cannotnremember.' Seven-year-oldnkids could remember everything. That was a stupid lie. My life wasnmuch shorter than adults. \"Thenworld is strange,\" I muttered. \"Sorry,nwhat did you say Truman?\" my beautiful and kind mother asked me.nHer warmly brown hair is too soft, different with me. \" Nothing.\" IfnI said it she wouldn't understand what I said, because I didn'tnunderstand either. Mothernwas beautiful, kind and always smiled at me. Father was gentle,nhandsome and smiled at me. All of my neighbors were funny. Their petsnwere funny too, and did not try to eat me. Insaw my cup of orange juice. Mynhome was wonderful; my room was decorated with my favorite things, mynbed was so soft and smelled like sun, my dinning room was filled withndelicious food, and my orange juice was cool and sweet. Butnit was strange. Everything was perfect and I always had lived there.nIt was like a toy house. I didn't know why. I knew the differencenbetween a toy house and my home. They were more different thannsimilar. \"Whyndon't you drink your orange juice? It is good for your cold.\" \"Howndid you know about my cold, Mom?\" I asked Mother in my mind. I didnnot cough or have a fever, yet. I just felt bad, but I had not toldnMother. It was still morning. \"YesnMom, I will drink.\" Indid not know anything. In the past I usually asked many questions ofnan adult. But now I couldn't ask her. Something scary would happen.nThe floor would destroy and I would fell off the dark. \"Mom,nmay I go to bed again? I feel bad.\" \"Sure,nare you okay? Do you want to meet the doctor?\" Hernvoice was worried, but her eyes were smiling very happily. Inwas not sure how I could go to my bed. My body was hot and my worldnwas cold. I felt like I was a melted marshmallow. I could not controlnmy body. My blue toy airplanes and other toys looked distorted. Wherenwere those voices from? Whatnwas real? Mother'sncold hand touched my face. I was surprised. \"Whatndo you want?\" \"Mom?nI want the real story.\" Indid not know how she could understand. \"…… WhennI was younger than you, my mother wanted…\" Shenstarted her story. She was very different then. She was like a boy.nShe climbed the tree, cried very loud, hurries to run and ate thencookie with dirty hands. She was not smiley and kind. I could not seenher. I could not touch it. I could not see it. I could not go there.nI could not experience it. Her story didn't start 'Once upon antime'. Those stories were like fairytales. ButnI could tell that her stories were 'real' stories. Whatnwas the difference between real and fantasy? \"Inwas very worried, when the doctor said you were in shock.\" Shenwas still smiling very happily. But was it strange? What was normal? I always lived in that world. It was my world. I would live in thatnworld. Thenpeople were always kind. I was not hungry. My world worked around me.nI was the center of my world. \"Itnis the real world.\" Mothernsaw me like a doll. \"Itnis my world.\" Itndid not matter to me. I did not want an answer. ","Summary":" Sangmin Lee \"Whenndid I know about this?\" I asked my self, the answer was 'I cannotnremember.' Se"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The End is Where We Start From","Author":"buduica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4747539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The End is Where We Start From By aishuu \"In case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!\" With those words, the most successful reality show in the history of television ended... but it was human nature to want to know what happened next. Truman Burbank may have stepped off the set that was his life in Seahaven, but all he ended up doing was stepping onto a larger world stage. Since he was born, he'd been the unknowing focus of millions of people. They watched him grow up, and the public was possessive about him. While they had all cheered as he stepped into the dark hole past the perfect sky, their happiness was short-lived. Truman had been a fixture in their lives, and they couldn't say good-bye as easily as he had. They refused to let him go. It started with the media, all seeking to secure interviews with the former star of The Truman Show. They tracked him down to Sylvia's house, and confronted him with brilliant camera lights and blazing questions. For Truman, who had been living some of the craziest days of his life, it was disconcerting to say the least, but it wasn't the weirdest thing he'd seen. After having his entire life turned upside-down, he embraced his exploration of the \"real world.\" It was strange to live in a world without product placements, and where perfect strangers came up to him to discuss the intimate details of his life, like they were all old friends. They talked about his relationship with Meryl (some encouraged him to get back together with her, while many others said he's better off without that bitch), the \"story arc\" of his father's death and amazing return, and incidents he'd forgotten through the natural attrition of memory. He might have been freaked out by their over familiarity, if he hadn't seen how happy others were to see him. He may have been betrayed by Marlon (something he still hadn't entirely reconciled himself with), but everyone else in the world seemed to consider him a friend. Truman was a true innocent, but he also possessed a peculiar sort of fortune. Everyone on the street recognized him, and everyone tried to help him on his way. Truman didn't realize it, but he could have walked safely through the slums of any American city at two in the morning, and all the gangs would hold temporary cease-fires to make sure \"their\" Truman was okay. Sylvia was a godsend, the one person he tentatively trusted. His whole life had been a lie, but he remembered how she had tried to tell him the truth. She offered him a place on her couch, no strings attached, and helped him learn to navigate his new world. The first thing she encouraged him to do was get a lawyer. Truman, confused, agreed, and shortly thereafter secured the services of one of the finest lawyers in Florida, pro-bono. The lawyer, a fifty-something lady with graying hair, svelte suits and hard eyes, treated him like her own child. She'd been a fan of his for more than two decades. There was a lot of work to do: getting a divorce from Meryl (although there was some question about the legality of the whole marriage, since the priest who performed the ceremony was an actor, and all of the \"governmental\" paperwork was phony), suing Christof and everyone involved with The Truman Show for civil rights abuse and possible felony crimes (unlawful imprisonment was just the start ), and arranging a corporation to protect his \"creative\" rights to his life. \"You might as well get some benefit from what was done to you,\" the lawyer advised him. \"You need to think of your future, too. I doubt there's any way you'll be able to secure a traditional job, not with your fame.\" Truman wasn't sure if he mourned the loss of his anonymity or not. For his entire life, he had been as average as possible, doing his very best to live a good life and treat people well. Nowadays, he had all sorts of offers falling at his feet, but he didn't feel like he'd done anything to earn them. Sylvia understood, the way she always did. \"You have a lot of opportunities you've never considered before,\" she said to him three weeks after he'd left his little world, \"but you also lost everything you knew. It's okay to be uncertain, Truman.\" He hugged her, and she sank into his embrace. It was very different from hugging Meryl; he hadn't known it at the time, but Meryl had always had a slight stiffness in her carriage before she responded to his touch. Finding out that she'd been a hired actress made sense, but that still didn't take the sting away from the knowledge that she'd been paid extra every time they'd had sex. Truman won an insanely huge settlement to avoid the civil trial (including back pay, copyright and residuals), but the criminal trial proceeded without his input. The documentation was all there on film, and the prosecuting attorney didn't ask for his testimony. Numerous people were brought before the federal courts for a variety of felony charges, including the woman he thought of as his mother, Meryl and Marlon. Christof was taken into custody and put into a low-security prison, before being sent to a mental institution days later. The news media couldn't get enough of the scandal, broadcasting special reports and investigations all day, and Truman was unable to look away. It hurt to watch all the secrets behind his life laid bare before the court, but it was also cathartic. He found himself glued to Sylvia's small television set, watching the court coverage live. But after the first week, Sylvia intervened. \"It's okay to want to stay informed, but you can't decide your life by what's on the television. I think you should limit yourself to newspapers or only an hour of news a night. It's not healthy to wallow.\" \"This is my life, though!\" he protested, wincing as he realized he'd raised his voice. He didn't want to offend Sylvia; he was terrified of losing her again, since she was his only anchor in this mad world. \"No, it's not,\" she said gently. \"It was your life, but that's over. You need to move on.\" He felt uncharacteristically angry about the situation he found himself in. \"Why did they let this happen in the first place?\" he asked. \"Why me? \" \"Some people might think it was a fated or lucky thing, but I don't know,\" Sylvia said, admitting she didn't have all the answers. \"But it was you, and now you're the person who's going to have to deal with it.\" It wasn't an answer Truman liked, but it was one he could accept. Sylvia had promised to never knowingly lie to him, and she was doing her best to keep her side of the bargain. And Truman was good-natured, almost painfully so. Dwelling on his anger would never get him anywhere, so he decided to reply optimistically. \"Maybe now would be a good time to visit New Orleans?\" he suggested, rising to his feet and shaking off his somber mood. \"Or we could see Fiji! Australia! Tokyo, with a quick stop in Hong Kong for dinner!\" \"Or how about all of them?\" Sylvia suggested. He gave her the beaming grin that had made him famous, and she felt herself melt inside. They went to all those places, and more. Cities kept extending invitations for Truman to visit, and he was offered VIP tours of every place he wanted to see. While getting behind-the-scenes access in the Louvre or a tour of the White House (guided by the First Lady herself) was a thrill, Truman enjoyed the little things more: the taste of a New York City hot dog, watching a sunset in Cancun, or listening to the children laugh in the hospital wards he visited as \"guest celebrity.\" The one place he avoided was Hollywood, since he already had enough of that type. To Truman, it was most important to meet \"real people.\" They traveled for over a year, and the lady-dragon of a lawyer Truman had hired won him an annulment from his marriage to Meryl. He was strangely saddened when he received the E-mail, finding himself staring at the words on the screen for several moments without blinking. His stomach felt tight and heavy, and he went to the nearest toilet to be sick. Sylvia sat down beside him as he spewed out his guts, gently stroking his hair. \"It's okay,\" she said soothingly. \"I understand.\" But Truman didn't, and he figured it was something he could puzzle out on his own. He couldn't rely on Sylvia to give him all the answers. They were in Fiji when he had a dream. He couldn't remember much about it, except a feeling of compression in his chest that made it difficult to breathe, like he was struggling for oxygen while immersed in water over his head. There were people there, but they all had blank faces and voices that sounded like they'd been generated by computers. They said things ( I love you, we're so proud of you, the last thing I would ever do to you is lie to you ) that should have been important, but came across as emotionless, like time and temperature on a telephone. He tried to reply, but his mouth wasn't his own, and all he could do was smile. He woke up in a cold sweat, and suddenly the cause of his disquiet crystallized. Christof (and he still couldn't decide what to think of The Director, who'd been his unknowable God for thirty years), had said it best: You were real. And he had been. Everything he felt, everything he'd done, had been real to him. The world of Seahaven had been his reality, and he was suffering from the loss. He'd loved Meryl and Marlon, his mother and father. He'd cared about his neighbors, and he'd believed in doing his job. The world he'd been in had been faked, but he had never been. He'd done his best to live a good, honest life, only to have everything he'd ever known withdrawn from him. So he sat down and cried, letting the tears run unashamedly down his face as he curled up in the hotel bed, allowing himself to grieve for what had been done to him. He cried like a little baby, until his nose filled with snot and his eyes swelled painfully. The next day, he asked Sylvia if she wanted to go to Las Vegas to get married. She cried, too, but her tears were of happiness. \"Are you sure you're ready?\" she asked. \"I want us to be real, \" he answered, before capturing her lip for an ardent kiss. The honeymoon was fabulous, although they rarely left the room. Sex with Sylvia was better than anything he'd experienced with Meryl; there was such a joy in touching someone who really loved him. And Sylvia seemed to get just as much pleasure touching him back. But they did eventually have to leave their suite, and a week after their marriage they sat down to discuss the next step they'd take together. \"Traveling is wonderful, but it feels like I'm not part of the rest of the world,\" he said, gnawing his lip as he tried to express what was happening to him. \"People want to see me, but they have a fixed image of who I should be.\" \"Who do you want to be?\" Sylvia asked. \"Someone who can keep this from happening ever again to an innocent child.\" It took him a couple of years (including two life-endangering encounters with the paparazzi, three stalkers, and one insane man who almost succeeded in kidnapping him in an attempt to force him \"back into the box\"), but he finally found his way. Sylvia supported him, as she always had in the past. Truman Burbank accepted that he would never be able to escape the public's fascination with him. So he did what he did best, and endured with sunny-natured grace. When he turned thirty-five, he ran for the Florida 8th Congressional District Seat as an Independent. He won by a landslide; there were no secrets in his closet, and his opponent, although an incumbent, couldn't match his star power. Fame was a duel-sided sword, he acknowledged in his acceptance speech, and he was determined to use his own fame to make the world – the real world he lived in, with his wife and two children – a better place. (He doesn't know it yet, but in ten years he'll be the President of the United States, the most photographed man in the world. But although the cameras maintain their love-affair with him, he finally has the power to control his life.) ","Summary":" The End is Where We Start From By aishuu \"In case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, an"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"The Truman Show Continued","Author":"RedSky364","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3106266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Truman Show Continued:nImmediately - 2005 Truman walkednbriskly through the bright white corridors that were lined withndoors. As he peered through, he saw they were dark rooms with panelsnof television sets on one side. A group of people had gathered in onencorner and they were talking intently to each other. When Trumannlooked back at the monitors, he only saw snow. He came to realise whynthe screens had no picture and you could see the whites of his eyesnas he turned and fled down the spiral staircase at the end of thencorridor. Thoughts were madlynchasing each other around Truman's head. It's true. Therenreally is a television show, all about me. Disorientated, henwandered through a large library of film canisters and stumblednacross a fire exit. As the doors opened, the sunnblinded him momentarily. All he could hear was the blood roaringnthrough his ears and his own panting. Slowly Trumannbrought his gaze down from the sky and the atmosphere around himnbecame more apparent. Gradually, everyone along the street turned tonface him. Bizarrely there were no cars to be seen. Truman becamenbewildered when everyone around him began to cheer! Strangely nothingnseemed to be moving. Then a flash caughtnhis eye. At the end of the street someone was running towards him. Her desperate cry,nconfirmed Truman's suspicions and he, too, started to run. It wasnas if there was no one else in the world but them. At last theynreached each other and embraced. Her long hair cascaded over hisnshoulders. Now both were crying, but neither would let go. NotnTruman, nor Sylvia. 5 Years Later –n2010 In this smallnpassage of writing I hope to give you an insight into my life betweennthe years 2009 and 2011. New Year's Day 2009, I once again watched thenannual appeal made on television by Christof for my return to thenstudio in Hollywood. It had become a tradition that after watchingnthe heart-warming but cruel display, that I would spend the rest ofnthe day in the attic conversion watching 'The Best Of The TrumannShow' on DVD. Each year I made a diary of all the global naturalnand man made disasters. After watching those as well, my thoughtsndrifted to Sylvia. We had stayed together for barely eighteennmonths. We both had different ideas of where we wanted to go in life.nSylvia wanted to carry on living in Fiji, but my fear of waternreturned after the storm Christof had created. Being on the islandnbrought back horrible memories of Sea Haven. It was impossible for mento live an ordinary life after my experience. The press campednoutside our house for at least a year before they found some othernpeople to pester. But even now a few reporters still stalk me. I couldn't hide from the press forever and thenrest if the world's economy suffered tremendously too. It wasndifficult for the actors to find a suitable jobs let alone a job fornme. But I needed some income. In the year of 2010 I realised this. And it wasnthen that I went back to Christof. I had had no idea of the realnworld and after 5 years I was still learning. Christof was merelynprotecting me from a world where he only knew of hatred andnsuffering, so in some ways I was always going to be in his debt. The year that followed was made up of meetingsnand press conferences, photo shoots and handshakes. I tried to burynmyself in my work, as I wanted to forget my undying love for Sylvia.nOccasionally I thought I spotted her in the crows at some publicninterviews, but it was just my mind playing tricks on me. I forcednmyself to remember one thing: she left you. Eventually she did leave my thoughts and I wasnable to concentrate on helping Christof start a new show. On NewnYear's Day 2011, The Sara Show was launched. It was to be closelyndirected by Christof and myself. All of the faithful actors from thenTruman Show were called back to help out. That year was very rewarding for me. And now Incompletely understand Christof's reasons for the fake storm. I hadna few changes I wanted to make to ensure the best for Sara. I made annagreement that the security would be the highest ever, until shenreached the age of 30. Then the standards would slip and hopefullynshe would find out the truth slowly but easily. Also I wanted her tonhave a certain amount of pain in her life, not so much that it'sncruel, but enough to be realistic. But I was very content but thentime Sara reached the age of one. 10 years later – 2020 Truman slammed down the receiver so hard that thenphone cracked down the side. Then he turned to look at the man whonwas behind him. \"Well,\" Truman said trying hard to keep hisnvoice steady and calm, \"I'm not sure that that was worth gettingnup early.\" The man was looking at Truman intently, wonderingnwhat was going through his mind. The sudden outburst from Trumanndidn't startle him; he had had this happen many times before. In anninstant he knew who the telephone call was from, a British newspapernhad blamed Truman for the world's economic collapse. Also the SaranShow was not going well, despite all of the improvements from Truman. \"Here,\" he said, \"You go and sit down andnwatch some TV, whilst I make you a nice cup of tea.\" \"Well, I suppose…\" The man went into the kitchen. Their apartmentnhad two bedrooms and was quite small but very stylish. The mainnattraction was that the flat was attached to the studio. The room wasntiny with very few cupboards. The man took a mug from the shelf thennfilled the kettle from the tap. After checking no one was around he slipped ansmall bottle out of his trouser pocket; it had a colourless liquidninside, which he poured into the cup. Truman held the mug of steaming tea in his hands.nHe tried to let his thoughts drift away with the steam. The man stood in the corner watching Trumannclosely. Suddenly Truman was violently vomiting on the floor. Withnevery retch he grew more faint and eventually collapsed. The man, who had remained motionless through thisnentire display, moved swiftly across the room and checked Truman. Nonpulse. He looked down on the man he had seen grow up and now die. Fornlong, there had been no doubts in his plan, but now Christof wasnscared. ","Summary":" The Truman Show Continued:nImmediately - 2005 Truman walkednbriskly through the bright white corrid"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"After Meryl left the Set","Author":"Clams-and-Rainbows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7911325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: After Meryl left the set, she visits her family to tell them that she wants to leave the show for good. Today was one of the worst days of my life. It was the first time Truman seemed to catch on to the truth, but the way he reacted just was too much for me. I left as soon as possible. \" Mom, are you home?\", I asked as I stepped into her house. I never really moved out since I spent almost my whole life in Seahaven… \" Darling? Is that you?\" My mom came running out of the kitchen. \"It's been so long since your last visit! Are you alright? I was really worried after I watched the show yesterday!\" \" Actually, that's what I've been wanting to talk about with you.\" -I'm not really sure whether this is the right decision, but I've had a headache since yesterday… \"… I understand. But come in first, please! I'm sure you will cheer up after eating, it's your favorite!\" My mother hurriedly stepped back into the kitchen while I went into the living room and sat down at our dinner table. After coming back, she brought a big, steaming pot with her that smelled of tomato and basil. Next to her walked my brother, who was four years younger than me. We exchanged the usual pleasantries and went to eat. Because of work, I barely ever saw him. Needless to say, we weren't really the closest of siblings. \" So, how is work?\" he asked with a slight mockery in his voice. He must have seen what happened. \" I think both of you saw what happened. To me, it was a terrible experience. That man is going mad! In short, I think I'm going to quit this job. I'm a professional actor. I don't have to put up with such insanities.\" Both of them stopped eating and locked at me, my mother somewhat sympathetic, my brother utterly shocked. \" Are you kidding me? You want to QUIT? You won't ever get that kind of job ever again!\" \" Now, now, don't be so loud!\" My mother chastised him. \"She must have her reasons if she suddenly wants to quit after having worked there for so long. And as one of the main characters, too…\" \" You want to know why? I just told you! He was totally insane! That man is losing his mind! This whole show is getting out of control… I can't work like this! The way he looks at me, like it's my fault… I'm scared of him! What if he goes berserk again? He might really attack me next time! I don't care about the money, I can find another job! I've been wasting my whole life in that damned place! I want a real life – I – I want to be happy… -\" All of the emotion was catching up with me. When did all that anger turn into sorrow? I was speaking haltingly now. As I looked towards my family, they averted their eyes. Both of them had a guilty look on their faces, and exchanged awkward glances. \" I'm sorry for that, darling. I didn't know it was so hard for you. Please know that we will support you, whatever you may do. Be happy, be happy… I wouldn't want it any other way.\" And as she looked at me with her soft, comforting eyes and her kind smile, and my brother shyly apologized before a tiny smile formed on his lips, too… ….I knew that this was the right decision. \" Because I'm home again. ","Summary":" Summary: After Meryl left the set, she visits her family to tell them that she wants to leave the s"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Life After the Dome","Author":"Saciice11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5460918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : We were studying The Truman Show in English this fortnight and we had to write a creative piece about what happens after Truman leaves the dome. The Truman Show Life After the Dome Once outside the dome Truman got the urge to turn around. Despite all he wanted, all he had fought for, this world was still new to him… and he was afraid. He knew no one in this world, but he soon noticed that they all knew him. As he had made his way through the wall he would run into people who he had never met and have his hand shaken by them. Disturbing as this was they were always happy to point him in the right direction. The puzzling journey only made him nervous, but when he reached a door that not only said 'EXIT' on it but had sunlight spilling in from the cracks, he grinned. Put a hand on the door knob and took a deep breath, preparing himself for whatever was out there. He slowly turned the handle and eased the door open, only to be met with an incredible sight… Outside, hordes of people were clapping and cheering his name. Reporters were crowding around him, asking him so many questions that he struggled to hear them all. Then he saw her; Sylvia ran towards him, a grin on her face. He instinctively smiled back and pushed through the reporters to meet her – all the world watched them embrace. \"You did it!\" she whispered into his ear. It felt good to hear her voice again… it felt right and yet at the same time almost too much. Like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time, and finding it too bright. He felt overwhelmed, not just by Sylvia, but by everyone around them; they were crowding the pair, jostling them, calling out their names. Noting Trumans sudden leap in anxiety, Sylvia pulled him through the fans. They ran down the street, the reporters hot on their heels, towards a small black car. He automatically went to the drivers seat, but then remembered he had no idea where they were going. He jump in the passenger seat instead they they sped off, winding through the city to try and throw their followers off. \"You were never in Fiji?\" Truman checked, curious. \"No, they just told you that as an excuse,\" she said apologetically. \"Where are we?\" \"Hollywood.\" Truman wrinkled his nose. \"What?\" \"Not exactly where I was hoping to end up when I left,\" he said, smiling. She smiled back instantly. Eventually they pulled up to an apartment block and Sylvia excitedly dragged him inside, past the staff and up the stairs. \"Wow,\" he murmured as he noted the all the Free Truman posters she had pinned up in her living room. She stood to the side, nervously watching him take everything in. Finally he turned to her. \"I really left,\" he said, sounding amazed at himself. She nodded but didn't speak. \"I'm really with you,\" he whispered, closing the distance between them. * They barely left the apartment that month for two reasons; one reason was the fact that they were too wrapped up in the own happiness that, although Truman did want to travel the world, they felt no need for other places, other people. Another, more practical reason was that reporters had been waiting for them to leave and everytime Sylvia had to go out to by food she was bombarded. The phone had been ringing non-stop so they had decided to unplug it completely. One night, relaxing with their take out in front of the TV, they noticed an interesting interview on TV. \"That's Christof,\" Sylvia murmured to Truman. He watched intently. \" So what have you got coming up for us next, Christof ?\" the pretty host asked him sweetly. \" We delved straight into looking for a new child to adopt and just last night, earlier than expected, little Emily was born… \" It's not the best thing I've ever written, but the student teacher liked it (turns out he's a fanfic writer too, lol). Please press this big button down here l l l l l l V ","Summary":" A/N : We were studying The Truman Show in English this fortnight and we had to write a creative pie"},{"Movie":"Truman Show","Title":"Eve","Author":"Tando","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12087665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Eve: Transcript of Pitch to Investors Now of course we can't talk about the show Eve without talking about The Truman Show . When The Truman Show ended, there was a rush to replace the hole that The Truman Show had left in television programming. This is where Eve found it's life, and eighteen years later, Eve is the most popular scripted-reaction show currently on television. So, what makes Eve stand out from the dozen of other scripted-reaction shows that have popped up over the years? Well, what we learned from The Truman Show was that these kinds of shows attract an international audience, so we figured our show needed an international face. Eve was adopted by the RTV corporation from an orphanage in China. Thankfully, this ingenious decision predicted the growth of the Chinese and Asian markets, and is one of the main reasons why Eve is not only popular here in the United States, but all over the world. Now, for the look of Eve , we wanted to move away from the traditional, Americana look that's plagued many scripted-reaction shows like The Truman Show . We wanted Eve to be modern, up-to-date. Eve reacts not only to the storylines thrown at her by the writers, but also she reacts to events and progresses in fashion and technology in ways that show personalities like Truman were never really allowed to. A big part of Eve is audience participation. Eve has access to a custom internet where she can receive messages from fans that have either been scripted by the writers, or have been pre-selected by the staff. This innovation is one of Eve's biggest strengths, as the audience gets to personally interact with Eve herself. This has also opened up several storytelling avenues, one of our most memorable plots was using submitted comments and videos from fans to construct the cyber-bullying storyline in Season 13. Having started the year The Truman Show ended, Eve is now in its eighteenth, and highest-viewed season. The current season is focusing on Eve finishing high school and starting college, while also having to face the realities of adulthood for the first time. With such riveting content from only the best television writers, and such a promising premise, Eve is projected to become the longest-lasting scripted-reaction television show in the history of television, and is a franchise well worth investing. Thank you. Eve: Season 17 Episode 304 Hour 9 (Rerun) \"Hey Eve, did you get those college flyers in the mail?\" Emmett asks me. I turn to Emmett as we walk down the school hallway, \"Yep. Forest Hill Community College, all of them.\" \"Well, you're going to apply, right?\" he eggs me on, \"It's just a short walk from your house, and I hear they have a great engineering program. That's what you've been looking for, right?\" I nod, \"Yeah...yeah...but I've been looking at other colleges too. There's still time to decide.\" \"Other colleges? Like what?\" he asks. I smile, and shake my head, \"You're going to think I'm crazy.\" \"What is it? Tell me!\" Emmett demands, putting his arm around my shoulder. \"...Stanford,\" I confess with a chuckle. Emmett grins, \"Stanford? Wow Eve, that's huge. But...would you be comfortable...leaving Forest Hill, I mean?\" \"If I take a plane I should be alright,\" I tell him, \"I was fine when my family went to Fiji, remember?\" He laughs, \"Oh yeah, Fiji. I almost forgot about that.\" I look down at my cell phone, \"Oh hey, class starts in a minute. We gotta go.\" Emmett nods, \"Yeah.\" The two of us run down the student-filled hallway, arriving at the classroom door and practically slamming into our desks. \"Hey Eve, are you ever going to replace that old thing?\" Emmett asks, gesturing to my cell phone, \"The new Addend 7 just came out. It's lighter, with more memory and a better camera too.\" I roll my eyes, \"Dude, you say the same thing about every new phone that comes out.\" \"What's this I hear about Stanford, huh, Eve?\" another one of my friends, Cherry giggles, grabbing me by my shoulders from behind. \"Woah! Cherry, were you eavesdropping on me and Emmett?\" I laugh, as she leans back into her desk behind me. \"I...happened to overhear you two on the way to class. I didn't want to speak up because...unlike you guys, I was actually concerned about getting to class on time,\" she explains with a smirk. Mrs. Fisher gets up from her desk as the bell rings, \"Alright students, time to begin.\" Cherry groans at the teacher before turning back to me, \"We'll talk about Stanford later.\"[Chapter 2] Eve: Interview with Vincent Costa aka \"Emmett\" Promotional Material for Season 18 Start with wide shot of interviewer sitting opposite Vincent. Interviewer begins, \"Vincent, it's an honor to be speaking to you, huge fan. You started on Eve at a very young age, but audiences already knew you as the star of the incredibly popular children's sitcom Everyday With PJ . What was the transition like from a regular TV show to something like Eve ?\" Cut to Vincent. Chuckle from Vincent, \"It was alright. I was about ten when PJ ended, but in Eve they had casted me as a five-year old, because Eve was just starting kindergarten. So it was weird, going back to kindergarten again, and pretending to be a kindergartener. Of course I got tutored outside of the show, but to be five-year old Emmett, at that age, it was difficult as an actor, but it was kind of fun too. I got to be a little more immature than I usually was. Eve saw through that right away though, she...ha, she did not buy my performance at all.\" Laugh from Vincent and interviewer. Brief cut to wide shot. Then cut to Camera 1, with profile on interviewer, \"Now, you play Emmett, one of her closest friends, but what are your personal feelings on Eve?\" \"Oh, Eve is great, really sweet girl,\" delayed cut back to Vincent, \"you know for a little bit, the writers tried having me become a love interest for her, but Eve wasn't really interested in me, and plus there was a bunch of backlash from the internet. But, you know, I wouldn't have really minded it, it certainly would have secured my spot on Eve .\" Cut to interviewer as she gives him a suspicious look, \"Oh really? Because I've heard that your opinions on Eve have been less than-\" Sudden cut to Vincent as he interrupts her, \"No, no, no, I have no idea what you're talking about. I mean, I've spent all this time around Eve, she's wonderful, yeah, totally great.\" From behind the camera, an Eve show producer gestures to the interviewer with a shaking of his head. Interviewer immediately changes topic. \"Well, regardless of your relationship with the show's star, you're somewhat of a public figure yourself. Starting in Season 12, the writers made you something of a teenaged heartthrob. How has that been for you?\" Cut to Vincent laughing, \"Very...very well, thank you. I was already seventeen by Season 12, so I was finally out of that awkward stage of puberty. The show's producers had me work out more, and put me in more tight clothes for the show. It was kind of...strange at first, but you know, I like the sort of...attention is brought me. I have five million followers on Instagram, you know. And, and I get lots of tweets from...from girls, that I get to look at during off-hours.\" Interviewer gives suggestive grin, cut to her as she asks, \"Oh, have you read any of the fanfiction?\" \"Not really,\" Vincent admits, close-up on him, \"although Chloe, who plays Cherry, she showed me this one fanfiction someone wrote where Eve ends just like The Truman Show did, where Eve finds out she's in a TV show and tries to escape. Crazy, right?\" The Eve show producer gestures for the interviewer to wrap it up. \"Well, it's been wonderful talking to you, Vincent,\" the interviewer smiles at him before she mugs to the camera, \" Eve starts its eighteenth season on January 1st on RTV with their annual New Year's Special. Don't forget to tune in!\" Viral Video of Vincent Costa Filmed Sometime Between Season 15 and 16 A drunken Vincent stumbles down a nighttime street, with a laughing entourage of equally drunk people following him. The person filming appears to also be a part of the entourage, vertically filming Vincent from his phone. \"You...you guys remember when I was PJ? Everyday with PJ ? Awe, those were great days,\" Vincent chuckles, and his entourage laughs along with him. Turning to the friend closest to him, Vincent walks backwards as he tells him, \"I'm a fucking star. People watch Eve to see me shirtless, not for Eve's white bread bullshit.\" \"Damn straight!\" another member of his entourage woops from somewhere out of the shot. \"And now I have to flirt with her, because that's what the writers fucking want. I have to flirt with some bitch who's five years younger than me. I...I don't even know if that's legal,\" Vincent rambles. The person holding the phone laughs, \"At least she's hot!\" Vincent turns to him and gives him a face, \"Dude...what? She is not hot. She's boring as hell. And why are you filming this?\" \"Nah...nothing. For Snapchat,\" the guy holding the phone puts it down, and the video abruptly cuts out after that, ","Summary":" Eve: Transcript of Pitch to Investors Now of course we can't talk about the show Eve without talkin"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Great","Author":"BeSoftJiyong","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9693711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] James frowned from where he sat as he listened to Miles yell at him. He wasn't taking the fact that James was feeling sorry for himself very well. Bill and Davy seemed to allow it, but Miles. God, did Miles have a problem with it. \"So you're dying, is there anything we can do to change it? No! So fucking get over yourself Jim!\" Chewing the inside of his cheek, James looked up at his friend and frowned a little. \"What's up with you? I can't feel like this? Feel bad that I won't accomplish anything?! Don't get married or have kids? Even have a fucking relationship?! If you were in my shoes you would feel this way too!\" He retorted, pushing himself up from the ground, making Davy move too. He wanted to help James, but when he was in a mood like this it was better to stay back and let him be. \"Don't tell me what I would feel Jim, you don't know anything. You've never done /anything/. And now that times run out, you'll die and everyone will forget you!\" The words made everyone freeze. Even Miles. He regretted them as soon as they rolled off his tongue. Closing his eyes tightly the auburn haired man looked down at his feet. His eye stinging from the tears that were filling his eyes from his \"friend's\" words. You'll die and everyone will forget you. Jim moved to limp away from the group, Davy getting up to follow after him. But the curly haired brunette stopped and back up when James swung at Miles. His fist connected hard with his chin and sent both men tumbling to the ground. Bill moved to check Miles, and Davy automatically went to James to make sure he was okay, only for his hand to be slapped away. Jim grabbed Miles collar and stared at him, tears were staining his pale face. \"You were never there for me Miles. How the hell do you know what I could have done?! What I could do? If people would remember me or not. I don't care if you forget me.\" He said closing his eyes for a moment. Miles could feel Jim's hands shaking as they grasped him tightly. He felt horrible for what he had said to him. More than horrible. \"Jim... I didn't... I'm sor-\" \"Oh fuck you. I don't care.\" James dropped him to the ground and moved to push himself up without his cane. Davy looked at Miles, shaking his head, giving him a 'you're lucky I don't sock you one' look. \"James, James? Wait James, stop a sec.\" Davy grabbed his arm and the brunette growled and pulled away from him. \"Just leave me alone. Just for a little while Davy...\" He whispered his name and it almost hurt. Taking a step back he nodded and let Jim limp away to be alone for a little while. Davy turned and looked at Miles. \" 'You're going to die, and everyone will forget you'? What the fuck is wrong with you Miles?\" The blond shook his head and stared at the ground. \"I wanted to apologize.\" Bill sighed and looked up where Jim was. \"It might take more then apologizin' to fix this Miles...\" He said softly. James played with his phone, there was no internet out here. Hell there were hardly any bars. He didn't really care. He had the song he wanted to listen to downloaded on the mobile so he could listen to it. He was down now. Really down. His mortality had been brought into perspective for him and his worse fear made a little more real. Pressing play the brunette closed his eyes and tried to wipe the tears away from his eyes. Being good isn't tough But it's also not enough What's the use enduring birth If I can't find what it's worth. I need dreams, I need plans. I need you to understand. And I remember what you said, That I could be great. So, so great. I could be great, So, So great. He frowned and took a moment to listen to the words. He wasn't sure what to believe anymore. He didn't have anytime left. There was nothing left to finish. Nothing left to be remember for. They would just have to remember how much he loved them. Wheeling his arm back, James sent his mobile flying into the sea, the song still writing in his head. Singing to him on the wind. I could be great. So, so great. He sat there alone until it was almost dark. Arms wrapped around his shoulders and a nose nuzzled behind his ear making him smile. \"James, it's getting cold. Please come back. Miles is sorry. He didn't mean to say it.\" Davy said in a soft voice, leaning his forehead against the back of James' neck. \"Like we could ever forget you.\" The words brought a smile to his lips and he turned to look at his friend. \"Davy, can you do something for me?\" The brunette blinked and slowly nodded to him. \"Yeah, whatever you want.\" James smiles and looked back at the setting sun, turning the sea a gorgeous orange color. \"Remember you were always loved by me.\" He whispered to him. Davy sat down and laced their fingers together. \"I know you love me. You're a great friend. A great person.\" James looked over at him, and leaned his head against his shoulder, looking up as the stars started to shine above them. I could be great. ","Summary":" James frowned from where he sat as he listened to Miles yell at him. He wasn't taking the fact that"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"I'll be there","Author":"Beenie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10947285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'll be there She's lying there right next to you, finally sound asleep like an angel with her wings broken. Or at least that's what she looks like save for the reddened eyes and the dried traces of bitter tears on her cheeks. How delicate she is, how small, fragile even. Fragile like James. Carefully, you brush back her hair to place a light kiss on her forehead before grazing down to her eyelids. She doesn't move, doesn't make a sound in her exhaustion, but you can feel her tremble. She's taking it hard, and who wouldn't. You do yourself, and the worst thing is that there's nothing you can do about it. No words and no solace would be enough to straighten things out or to change reality. Your best friend is dying, slowly and painfully, bit by bit. Every day is torture, not only for him but for those who have to watch him disappear with every minute, every hour of the day, to witness how his illness progresses and how it takes away what once was your anchor. James. Sometimes you wake up in the middle of the night, startled by your own screaming in horror of what will inevitably happen to him. It just wasn't fair. Life wasn't fair. Perhaps that's one of the reasons why you decided not to spend the nights alone anymore but with the person who's been knowing James from the start, someone who wasn't capable of picturing a life without him. Someone who will always be there for him to the end, no matter how high the cost. I'll be there. Words whispered into James' ear, born out of some romantic notion when both your bodies were shaking, overly sensitive and overflowing with endorphins from the prior sensation of the unknown, and a promise you were not able to keep. Coward, you say to yourself. You're one of a selfish bastard, that's what you are. That day on the beach will be stamped into your brain for as long as you live. You hang unto it like a life raft, memorizing it meticulously while you look down at Chloe, watching her. Guarding her sleep. Because that's all you can do. God, it hurts to be weak. Summer. The surface of the sea shining like liquid metal so you have to squint when looking into the light. Reflecting rays of sunshine dancing and glistening in every colour of the rainbow on languid waves. His birthday. He was turning twenty-five, a young adventurous spirit and your friend for nearly two decades. Somehow you didn't make anything of the fact that he didn't invite any other guys to the beach, which had been his favourite place since he was a little boy. You were fooling around like innocent playful puppies, skin-dipping and plunging and laughing until you were out of breath. James' lips had turned blue from being too long in the cold water, so you suggested to get out and have a beer. He follows, deep in thoughts, obviously, for he doesn't say a word when you sit down and look up to him, patting the space next to you to make him join you. There is the hint of a smile on his face, and his bright eyes are sparkling in a way that you have never seen before. Suddenly, for the first time in all those years you realize the sensuality of his mouth, his soft dark curls that are plastered in neatly encircling lines around his neck. Shocked by your feelings and observations, you retreat a bit to maintain your distance. For heavens sake, he's your friend, and what's more, he's a man! Of course there had been games, rubbing each others shoulders and a good-humoured ruffle of hair, but this was different. This was by far beyond your boundaries. After a manly sip of Guinness, James tilts his head, scrutinizing the expression on your face, which you hope won't give away too bluntly what you're fantasising about. Entangled limbs, bodies gently moving and flipping on the beach in a mesmerizing rhythm, shallow breathing and a passion so bottomless you fear you will drown in it. As much as you are a master in disguise concerning your thoughts and the upper part of your body, the lower part betrays you without any intermission. You're horny and bursting with hormones for James. It's mortifying, humiliating and plain for both of you to see. James puts away the beer. His eyes are fixed on your increasing erection. He seems somewhat distressed but flattered all the same. You'd rather get up and run to the end of the world until you collapse and be dead. \"I'm sorry\", you mutter huskily, struggling for words, and it's the most awkward moment in your entire life. Even your cheeks start to flush with shame. Or is it lust? Resentful, you bit your lip. \"It's all right\", you hear him say, his voice soothingly calm. \"There's nothing wrong with it, you know.\" Before you have the chance to interfere, he reaches out for your shoulder and catches you off-guard. The subtle smile on his face broadens as he straddles you. Good Lord! It feels so right and yet so embarrassing that you try to get rid of him by seizing his elbows in a firm grip and lift him over your lap. \"Don't…\" Instead of an answer, he cradles your face in his palms, locking eyes with yours. There's a hunger in them that you share. He gets closer, breaking your defences almost tenderly when he starts to move his hips and settles your hands on them for support. You hold him tight as if you would never be willing to let him go, fingers buried deep into his flesh. In an unexpected bold move he claims your lips, biting and chewing them. At first, you feel the urge to back off. It's so rough and untamed like he never has kissed anyone, and maybe he hasn't, really. There had never been any bragging or gossiping about James and a girl being sexually involved. You took it for granted that you were the centre of his life. Then again, you're not exactly the gentleman either. Tearing at his hair now that you have found your rhythm, you keep intertwining wet streaks of his around your fingers, caressing them ruefully afterwards just to start all over again. There is an inebriating touch to the way he pushes you back and forth across the sand just by using his hips. You suppress a groan on his naked shoulder, pinching his pale skin with your lips and teeth to mark him to be yours. It's a reaction James reciprocates with a raucous laugh that sounds almost triumphant. Heat is rising between you, and you can smell the stimulating scent of bodily fluids. \"Stop it\", you gasp. \"James, please.\" He doesn't listen, but to both your relief and disappointment, restrains a little. \"All I ever sought after\", he says, circling his fingertips absently over your chest and abdomen, \"was to be here with you. You're mine. There's no way denying it.\" Underneath his mischievious demeanour you sense something that almost rips your heart out. Insecurity, and shame. The same humiliation you felt a few minutes ago. You're lost for words in surprise about the discovery, but your body begs to differ. Regaining his confidence by the sight of it, James quietly forces you to stretch out flat on your back. Then he starts to flicker his tongue over you, and it's the most arousing sensation you ever experienced. There's no place for shame any longer. Just pleasure and a nearly unbearable pressure building up inside you as he wanders deeper and deeper, sucking the head of your now fully erected cock. He seems to enjoy it, getting bolder and more to the point with every encouraging thrust you make. His hands are everywhere, stroking your rigid belly and thighs, and what he does with this sensual mouth of his you're too overwhelmed to describe. You never expected your best platonic friend to be living up to a man's fantasy, and here you are, offering him your vulnerability, displaying your feelings towards him that had been concealed in the darkest corner of your heart much too long. When he gets up to seal his lips with yours, he gives you a taste of yourself, and it's not even repulsive, on the contrary. It feels… natural, creative and charming. Besides, you would have taken anything as long as it was a gift of James'. \"I want you to fuck me,\" he declares after breaking the kiss that has made you swallow your pre-cum. \"I want you to fuck me so bad. So I have something from you that no other guy does.\" Jesus! You hold your breath, not used to the subject James is talking about. Bewildered, you avert your eyes, most of all not to stare at that bloody erection that literally agrees to alter friends into lovers. You can't remember a time when you had that much stamina ever before. A soft, childlike noise from James' mouth makes you turn your head, and before you're on familiar ground, you lift his chin by affectionately nibbling on his full upper lip. \"I never have-…\" \"Neither have I\", he cuts you short, snuggling up, wrapping his arms around you. He's like a purring cat that knows for certain how to get to the bowl of cream. \"That makes it just what the doctor ordered, doesn't it? Just once. We'll keep it a secret. My birthday secret.\" He gets hold of your poor hard cock again, squeezing it optimistically in perfect tension. \"Don't tell me you don't want me.\" \"Things will be different, later\", you warn him, slightly worried. Sex with mates has never been an option as far as you were concerned. \"They'll never be different between you and me\", he pledges as you half apologetically and half delighted start to kiss the line of his neck from ear lobe to collarbone. It's like exploring forbidden territory, but enthralling nonetheless. \"What we have is something special. I've known you too well to fear you'd hurt me. I trust you, and I've been waiting much too long for this to happen. Please. Can you do it?\" He leaves you no other choice but to nod with a lump in your throat. He shifts his weight and smiles again, that smile that you have been longing to see, and it's giving you what you need to feel confident about the impending twist of fate. \"Just a minute\" he says, scrambling to his feet to make his way to the scattered pile of clothes near your tent. \"I'll get the lube.\" Sneaky little bugger. He had it planned all along. You had ventured into foreign land that day after knowing each other more like brothers than friends. It had been special, and it wasn't just a foolish boyish flirt or a meaningless favour. Whenever you and James were alone for the time to come, he would attack you, sometimes in a swaggering or teasing fashion, sometimes more sincere, but always with a kind of devotion that all your girlfriends have been lacking ever since. He had given you all he had, and in return, you let him down when he needed you most. Chloe sighs and tosses in the sheets. You hear her muffled cry as she whimpers her brother's name in despair. When she wakes up from her nightmares (which might be the ones that are haunting you yourself), her big brown eyes dwell in tears. She clings to you, helplessly sobbing. It's tearing you apart, and you know that you have to grasp the opportunity to prove you're no coward after all. You're her anchor now as James had been for you. \"It's all right\", you whisper into her hair, rocking her gently back to sleep. \"I'll be there.\" The End ","Summary":" I'll be there She's lying there right next to you, finally sound asleep like an angel with her wing"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Deep waters","Author":"lazetta croft","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13176383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] James was his friend. And a friend doesn't have the power to kill another. Miles watched and James nodded and disappeared beneath the depths of the water. \" I can do it.\" He thought. After all, he would relieve James of his suffering. The pain. \" I can do it.\" He took a big gulp of air and went under. James was looking at him, ethereal under the glasslike water. If would have been in his shoes, he would yearn to die in such a beautiful place, too. But Miles wasn't. \"I can do it.\" Air began escaping James' lungs. He was loosing air. Precious air. His face scrunched up, but his eyes told him something else. \"Hold on, Miles, for me.\" \" I can do it.\" Miles clutched James shirt, as if his life depended on it. He could see James was in pain. Still. Drowning isn't the best way to die. He could have used morphine...that idiot... A tear trickled from James' eye. \"Oh god,\" Miles thought. \"I can't do it.\" With a spurt of speed, Miles began swimming upwards, taking james with him, towards the surface. James struggled under his grip, but Miles was stronger. They broke the surface, spluttering freely. James gasped, taking in big chunks of air. \"Miles...?\" He asked, choking. \"I can't , please James...\" Miles choked out. He couldn't ...Not James. And Miles began to hate his life. Everyone was being taken away from him. Now he couldn't even do a little favour for his friend. Unknowing of their two friends diving in the water behind them, both men felt there tears spill, feeling the pain of each other. Miles couldn't kill his friend. No matter what. He felt two pairs of hands around his waist and two around James', pulling them towards the shore in a daze. ","Summary":" James was his friend. And a friend doesn't have the power to kill another. Miles watched and James "},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"James' Note","Author":"Mesalina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11051394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Mom, dear Dad, beloved sister, While reading this, you'll have the feeling that we didn't say goodbye properly. That you've failed. Please don't. You've done nothing wrong. On the contrary, you did everything to help me, to soothe the pain. And I am grateful. For your smiles. Your hugs. Your jokes. Your endless and unconditional love. But unlike in fairytales, there's no good fairy with a magic wand. The pain has become a strange constant in my life, like a dull, but terrible itch on a spot I can't reach. No matter how much I toss and turn. The morphine is a helping hand, but it's exhaustingly temporary. Don't ask me to endure this for the rest of my life. Don't ask me to end dying in an anonymous, white hospital room. Don't ask me to watch you despair by my side. I know that I'm selfish. But I won't apologize; I just can't take it anymore. So I made this one last trip to Barafundle Bay. You know how much I love this place. How many happy memories linger here. My legacy to you is one last request. I want you to look forward. To smile again. I know you can do it, for I'll be watching over you. Remember the good times and don't let the grieve overwhelm you. Be strong enough to carry on without me. I raise a morphine toast to you all. Saying thank you, for making my life worth living. I love you endlessly. Always yours James ","Summary":" Dear Mom, dear Dad, beloved sister, While reading this, you'll have the feeling that we didn't say "},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Ombre et lumière","Author":"Lilou0803","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9754598","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vaughan Sivell, ainsi que tous les merveilleux acteurs de ce film, Benedict Cumberbatch en tête, pour avoir mis au monde cette merveille. Ombre et lumière ... Je me réveille d'un coup et j'ouvre les yeux, il fait noir. Je n'ai jamais pu dormir avec la lumière allumée, ne serait-ce qu'une veilleuse. Je peux sentir sa présence dans l'obscurité, elle est là, tapie dans l'ombre, aux frontières de ma conscience, et même si elle ne se manifeste pas encore ouvertement, je sais que c'est elle qui m'a réveillé. La souffrance est devenue la compagne fidèle de tous les instants de ce qu'il me reste de vie, j'essaie de ne pas bouger, de respirer calmement, profondément, parfois, dans les bons jours, ça peut marcher, je peux arriver à la berner pendant quelques heures. Ces fois-là, j'arrive presque toujours à persuader Davy de retarder d'autant la prise de mes médicaments, afin de récupérer quelques heures supplémentaires de lucidité. Au début, il ne voulait pas, les ordonnances des médecins étaient choses sacrées pour lui, mais depuis quelques temps, depuis une quinzaine de jours en fait, il n'a plus le cœur à me refuser grand-chose de ce que je lui demande. Le verdict est tombé il y a deux semaines, définitif, impitoyable, habillant d'une terrible réalité ce qui n'était encore la veille qu'une échéance abstraite et plus ou moins lointaine : six mois au maximum, peut-être le double – sans aucune garantie – si j'accepte une nouvelle chimio, mais dans tous les cas, je ne vivrai pas assez pour me prétendre un jour trentenaire… j'ai refusé, je ne me suis même pas donné le temps de réfléchir, je ne veux pas revivre cette épreuve de nouveau, l'enjeu n'en vaut pas la peine, d'autant qu'on ne m'a pas caché que ce serait encore pire, cette fois. Je me fiche de mes cheveux, mais qu'ai-je à faire de quelques semaines ou même quelques mois de plus, si c'est pour les vivre – et quand je dis vivre – au fond d'un lit, plus faible qu'un nouveau-né, langé comme un nourrisson, et vomissant tripes et boyaux à chaque fois que je pourrai rester éveillé plus d'une heure d'affilée. Non, cela ne serait pas une vie pour moi, et encore moins pour ceux qui m'entourent, et qui m'aiment, et je n'ai pas envie de voir le dégoût prendre peu à peu la place d'une pitié que je ne supporte déjà pas, dans leur regard. La première fois, aussi ténu qu'il ait été, il y avait au moins un espoir au bout de la route, mais là, il n'y a rien, rien qu'un peu de temps qui ne vaut pas la déchéance la plus abjecte, la négation de tout ce qu'un garçon puis un homme nommé James a pu être ou faire pendant vingt-neuf ans, un corps inerte, marionnette vide et sans âme, la conscience bouffée par la morphine et son cortège de saloperies soi-disant destinées à apporter un certain 'confort de vie'… tu parles ! La mort… bien sûr que j'y ai pensé, que j'y pense toujours, comment pourrait-il en être autrement ? J'ai un cancer en phase terminale, bordel ! Qui n'y penserait pas ? Il y a eu la colère, la révolte, le désespoir, puis au fur et à mesure que le temps passait, l'espoir à commencé à renaitre, l'esprit humain est ainsi fait. C'est une épreuve que nous sommes tous appelés à affronter un jour, mais quel que soit le moment, personne n'est jamais vraiment préparé y faire face, alors nous préférons ne pas y penser et même alors que l'échéance est posée, l'esprit se refuse à y croire vraiment. En théorie, je suis prêt, et de toute façon, je n'ai pas le choix, n'est-ce pas ? Mais je refuse la déchéance, je refuse d'être ce corps privé de conscience, cette enveloppe vide, ce déchet à forme humaine dont on ne peut même pas se débarrasser sous prétexte qu'il respire encore. Je le refuse pour moi, je le refuse pour mon entourage, à quoi bon prolonger leur calvaire en prolongeant mon agonie ? Je tourne lentement – ne pas faire de mouvements brusques – la tête sur mon oreiller pour apercevoir les chiffres lumineux du réveil posé sur le chevet. Deux heures vingt, à quelle heure ai-je eu droit à ma dernière 'tournée'… ma mémoire fout le camp, comme tout le reste, mais je pense avoir encore près d'une heure devant moi, à la condition que j'arrive à museler la douleur, voilà où j'en suis arrivé : bénir le ciel pour une heure de lucidité gagnée. Je ne veux pas allumer la lumière qui pourrait alerter la personne qui a pris son tour de veille, ce soir, est-ce Davy, maman ou papa ? Peu importe, je ne veux ni les déranger ni être dérangé, depuis ma maladie, les moments de solitude deviennent de plus en plus rares, lorsque je suis éveillé, de quoi ont-ils peur ? Mais peut-être veulent-ils tout simplement profiter de ma présence pendant que je suis encore là… est-ce vraiment présomptueux de ma part, de penser cela ? Il me semble que si j'avais un enfant condamné c'est ce que je voudrais aussi, alors j'essaie de ne pas montrer à quel point cela m'exaspère parfois… toute cette sollicitude dévouée. Je les aime, je leur suis reconnaissant, mais c'est parfois un tel poids à porter, faire semblant de ne pas voir les larmes au bord d'un regard trop brillant, essayer de dissimuler les grimaces de douleur derrière un sourire crispé, prétendre que tout va bien en s'efforçant de réprimer les haut-le cœur qui vous déchirent les entrailles, être contraint de faire abstraction de toute pudeur et de toute dignité lorsque votre corps vous trahit, ce qui arrive de plus en plus souvent… J'ai de plus en plus de mal à gérer tout ça, à supporter cette pression, alors il m'arrive de craquer, de dire ou de faire des choses qui les blessent et que je regrette aussitôt, mais le mal est fait, et j'ai honte, et c'est comme un venin qui s'insinue dans mes veines. Je sais, ils savent, que ce n'est pas vraiment moi qui m'exprime dans ses moments-là, mais ça finit par pourrir toute notre existence. La morphine, cette putain de saloperie de morphine est devenue ma meilleure amie et ma pire ennemie à la fois, je la rejette de toute la force de ma volonté, mais je sais que j'ai besoin d'elle pour pouvoir continuer à fonctionner encore un petit peu, pour pouvoir arriver à faire encore un petit bout de chemin, et même si en soulageant ma douleur elle engourdit mon esprit, je ne peux pas me passer d'elle lorsque mon corps me lâche et que la souffrance prend le dessus, et cette dépendance me dégoute. Mes yeux s'habituent peu à peu à l'obscurité, dehors, ce doit-être la pleine lune, un rayon de clarté blafarde s'insinue par la fente des volets, et des milliers de minuscules grains de poussière tourbillonnent dans le halo qui devient plus visible à chaque seconde. Dans un flash, je suis projeté un après-midi d'été, à l'heure de la sieste, chez mes grands-parents, je devais avoir quatre ou cinq ans, Chloé et moi couchés dans un grand lit, essayant de compter les innombrables particules dansant dans le rai de soleil qui s'insinuait au travers du nœud qui avait sauté, dans le bois du volet tiré sur la fenêtre ouverte. Je peux entendre aussi distinctement que si j'y étais le bourdonnement d'une abeille butinant le rosier devant la fenêtre, il me semble encore sentir l'odeur lourde des roses languissant dans la chaleur épaisse de l'après-midi, une bouffée de bien-être m'envahit, qui amène à mes yeux des larmes de nostalgie pour ces moments de pur bonheur simple que je ne connaitrai jamais plus. Seigneur ! C'est presque aussi efficace que cette garce de morphine qui ne va pas tarder à se rappeler à mon souvenir, apportée par l'un ou l'autre de mes anges-gardiens dévoués, et soudain, je m'aperçois que j'étouffe, au sens figuré, je dois trouver le moyen de m'échapper pendant quelques jours, pour respirer enfin librement. L'amour de ma famille est une prison dont je dois m'évader, et dont je dois aussi les libérer, un nom s'impose à mon esprit comme une évidence ''Barafundle bay'' ! Les premières vacances entre amis, la liberté, la vie… Un gémissement m'échappe malgré moi, la trêve est terminée, la douleur, lancinante, est revenue, irradiant de ma cuisse en vagues déferlantes, comme en écho à la rumeur de l'océan qui emplissait ma tête un instant auparavant, la porte s'ouvre et Davy apparaît, échevelé et les yeux encore brouillés de sommeil. Davy ! Qu'est-ce que je ferais sans lui ? Il s'est retrouvé au chômage, au moment où mon état à commencé nécessiter une aide quasi permanente et depuis près d'un an, il aide mes parents à supporter le poids de ce que je suis devenu, il passe presque tout son temps avec moi, allégeant un peu leur calvaire, leur donnant un peu d'espace pour respirer, c'est lui qui amortit les angles, lui qui supporte la presque totalité de mes états d'âme, qui me secoue ou qui me soutient tour à tour lorsque le désespoir menace de prendre le dessus. Davy est un saint, il a un besoin vital de se dévouer, je suis conscient de la chance que j'ai de l'avoir et je ne lui serai jamais assez reconnaissant de tout ce qu'il fait pour ma famille et pour moi, et même si je ne le lui montre pas assez, je sais qu'il le sait. Il me donne mes médicaments et attend patiemment que je les ai avalés pour me tendre un verre d'eau sucrée, parfumée à la fleur d'oranger… parfum d'enfance qui aide à faire passer l'infecte saveur des drogues, décidément, tout me ramène au passé ce soir. Il arrange mes draps et mon oreiller avec la sollicitude d'une mère, me scrutant au passage d'un œil inquisiteur qui a appris à évaluer ma souffrance au plus juste. —Merci Davy, tout va bien… vraiment ! —Mais bien sûr ! Je ne suis pas sourd, Jim, ni aveugle. Pourquoi est-ce que tu ne m'as pas appelé ? —Je savais que tu allais bientôt venir, je n'ai pas voulu te réveiller plus tôt que de raison, je pouvais encore gérer. Il me regarde encore, d'un air soucieux, mais ne dit rien. Je sais qu'il attend que les médicaments commencent à faire effet, pour partir. —Davy ? —Oui ? —Je voudrais que tu fasses quelque chose pour moi. J'aimerais que tu convainques mes parents de me laisser partir pendant quelques jours avec toi, Bill et… et Miles s'il accepte de venir, à… à Barafundle bay ! Voilà, c'est lâché ! Il a un sursaut et écarquille les yeux de surprise. —Baraf… tu n'es pas sérieux ? Tu te souviens qu'on ne peut pas y accéder en voiture, et que… —Je n'ai jamais été aussi sérieux, et oui, je suis encore lucide… Écoute, je sais que ça à l'air irréel de demander ça dans mon état, mais… mais je pense sincèrement que c'est encore possible si on n'attend pas trop longtemps, je suis assez stable en ce moment, et on pourrait présenter ça comme… un cadeau pour mon anniversaire… ou, je ne sais pas… le dernier vœu d'un mourant ! Je t'en prie, je te demande juste d'y penser, c'est… c'est très important pour moi. Il me regarde d'un air sceptique. —Je… on en reparlera demain, tu veux bien ? J'ai senti son hésitation, il n'a pas dit non tout de suite, c'est tout ce que je voulais, je me sens un peu coupable, je sais qu'il ne va pas pouvoir se rendormir maintenant, il va tourner et retourner ça dans sa tête jusqu'à demain. Tout comme je suis presque certain qu'il finira par trouver une solution pour exhausser mon souhait, pour le moment, je me sens glisser rapidement dans le flou, j'ai froid, je frissonne et je sens qu'il remonte la couverture sur mes épaules, je luis souris vaguement et lorsque je parle, ma voix est devenue pâteuse comme celle d'un homme ivre. —Merci ! Je ne sais pas s'il répond quelque chose, je sombre rapidement dans un tourbillon d'obscurité et je me noie dans un néant d'encre et de silence. Lorsque je reprends pied dans le monde des vivants, le soleil entre à flots par la fenêtre grande ouverte et Davy s'affaire silencieusement dans la chambre, je le regarde à travers mes cils baissés, je n'ai pas envie de lui montrer que je suis réveillé, pas encore. il a posé ma prochaine dose d'oubli sur la petite table, à côté de mon ordinateur, et rassemble quelques feuillets épars tombés de l'imprimante en une petite liasse, sans essayer de les lire, il sait que je n'aimerais pas ça. Écrire devient de plus en plus difficile, les périodes où mon esprit est assez clair pour ça, rétrécissent comme peau de chagrin, et j'ai de moins en moins l'envie de les consacrer à autre chose qu'à jouir de ces dernières sensations de vraie vie, le soleil sur ma peau, le vent dans mes cheveux, le sourire crâne mais tellement triste de maman, la main chaleureuse de papa sur mon épaule, la présence de mes amis, les rires des enfants… les filles sont encore si jeunes, elles ne se doutent de rien, à chaque visite de Chloé elles m'apportent un peu d'air pur, pour elles, je ne suis pas ce pauvre James qui va bientôt mourir, je suis oncle James, avec qui on peut plaisanter et s'amuser, même s'il est un peu fatigué depuis quelques temps. Chloé… c'est elle qui le prend le plus mal, je crois, d'autant que ma maladie au nom imprononçable a coïncidé avec le début de ses problèmes de couple. Mike n'est pas un mauvais bougre, mais j'ai toujours pensé qu'ils n'étaient pas faits l'un pour l'autre, trop différents, et je suis toujours étonné qu'ils soient restés ensemble pendant près de huit ans. Ils sont officiellement séparés depuis quelques semaines maintenant, mais grâce au ciel et pour le plus grand bien des filles, en douceur et en toute amitié, pour tous, il continue à faire partie de la famille. Depuis, ma sœur passe la majorité de son temps libre avec moi. Pas tout à fait un an de différence, on a toujours été aussi proches l'un de l'autre que les jumeaux pour lesquels on nous prenait souvent, il existe une connexion profonde entre nous, un lien que rien ni personne n'a jamais pu desserrer, elle ressent mon angoisse et je ressens sa tristesse… j'aimerais tant qu'elle retrouve un peu de bonheur, une épaule sur laquelle s'appuyer avant… avant mon départ ! Davy est sorti de la pièce, en laissant la porte entrouverte, je sais qu'il va rester à proximité et qu'il viendra à mon premier appel pour m'aider à me lever, m'assister pour toutes ces choses que je ne peux plus faire tout seul. C'est humiliant, dégradant, mais j'ai bien été obligé d'apprendre à m'en accommoder, même si c'est souvent, en fait pratiquement toujours, de mauvaise grâce, et ce matin c'est encore pire… Je ne pensais pas que cela puisse encore m'arriver, il y a si longtemps que la morphine m'a tout volé, mais… je ferme les yeux et le rêve remonte à la surface de ma mémoire. Je l'ai reconnue au premier regard, je l'avais déjà vue, plusieurs fois, pendant mon premier traitement, lorsque c'était tellement difficile à supporter, lorsque je pensais que j'allais mourir à chaque perfusion, elle s'asseyait près de moi, sans un mot, parfois elle me prenait la main ou me caressait le front. Elle est si merveilleusement belle, d'une beauté surnaturelle, au-delà de l'humanité, la peau d'une pâleur diaphane, comme illuminée de l'intérieur, avec de longs cheveux noirs, elle est également toujours vêtue de noir, tel un ange des ténèbres, pourtant il n'y a rien de malfaisant en elle, ses yeux sont emplis de douceur et de compassion et sa présence tellement réconfortante. La première fois, lorsque j'ai demandé à maman qui elle était, si c'était une infirmière, ou un médecin, elle s'est mise à pleurer. J'avais déliré toute la nuit et elle n'avait pas quitté mon chevet un instant, seul l'infirmier de garde, bâti comme Hulk, était venu prendre mes constantes, aucune femme brune. Je n'ai plus jamais parlé d'elle après ça, et peu à peu, au fur et à mesure que mon état s'améliorait, ses visites ont fini par s'espacer, il y avait bien un an et demi que je ne l'avais plus revue. Elle s'est approchée du lit et m'a regardé un long moment en silence, puis elle m'a parlé, c'était la première fois que j'entendais sa voix. Douce, apaisante. —Bonsoir, James, cela fait un petit moment maintenant, mais je savais qu'on allait se revoir bientôt, et même si tu ne me croiras certainement pas, j'en suis sincèrement désolée. —Qui êtes-vous ? —Tu SAIS qui je suis, il y a longtemps que tu l'as compris, n'est-ce pas ? —Oui, je le sais… Vous êtes très différente de… Ma voix n'est plus qu'un souffle, et je réalise que c'est vrai, en fait, je sais qui elle est, je l'ai toujours su. —Je suis ce que les gens méritent que je sois. Je ne suis pas ton ennemie James, tu ne dois pas avoir peur de moi, je suis là pour t'apporter la paix. Elle s'est approchée de moi et a posé ses lèvres sur les miennes et j'ai senti une vague de bien-être et de plénitude m'envahir, elle s'est redressée en souriant, puis elle a dénoué le lien qui retenait son long vêtement fluide sur ses épaules et soudain, elle était nue devant moi, infiniment désirable, dans la pâleur opalescente du rayon de lune. —Est-ce que tu veux de moi, James ? Dans mes bras, il n'y a plus ni peine, ni douleur. J'apporte l'oubli, le repos, la paix. Je savais que j'étais en train de rêver, mais au travers de mon sommeil, j'ai littéralement senti mon corps réagir… il y avait si longtemps ! Je n'arrivais même pas à me souvenir de la dernière fois où j'avais eu une érection ! C'était si… intense que le simple contact du drap suffisait à exacerber mes sensations. Je n'avais plus qu'un désir, me perdre en elle et ne plus jamais me réveiller, alors j'ai compris ! J'ai compris ce que ma conscience avait essayé de me cacher lorsque j'étais éveillé, j'ai réalisé à quel point j'étais fatigué de lutter, j'ai aussi réalisé que c'était moi qui l'avait appelée ce soir, et qu'elle était, qu'elle pouvait être, exactement ce que je voulais qu'elle soit, avant qu'il ne soit trop tard, avant que je ne puisse plus avoir le choix. Je lui ai tendu la main. —Viens ! Un bruit ténu m'arrache à ma rêverie, j'ouvre les yeux, Davy est de retour dans la chambre, il est penché sur moi, une main tendue pour me réveiller. —Désolé, James, je t'ai laissé dormir le plus longtemps possible, mais c'est l'heure de tes méd… Je le regarde d'un air suppliant. —S'il te plait, Davy, est-ce qu'on peut essayer d'attendre encore un peu ? Je me sens bien ce matin, et je voudrais avoir l'esprit assez clair pour pouvoir profiter un peu du soleil, au jardin. Il hésite une fraction de seconde, puis hausse les épaules d'un air résigné, pendant que je m'assois dans mon lit et que j'essaie de me lever tout seul, j'aurais préféré lui cacher… trop tard ! Il ouvre des yeux ronds, et me regarde d'un air interrogateur, je lui suis reconnaissant de ne pas faire de commentaires. Je fais une mimique de fatalisme impuissant, genre 'Oups !' et nous éclatons de rire ensemble avec une complicité idiote de mâles bêtement fiers de leur virilité… comme s'il y avait de quoi ! Il ne saura jamais que cette nuit, j'ai fait l'amour avec la Mort… Et il rirait moins s'il connaissait la décision que je viens de prendre et le plan qui commence à germer dans ma tête. Un peu plus tard, je suis installé dans une chaise longue, sur la pelouse baignée de soleil. C'est vraiment une belle journée, mon dernier printemps est clément avec moi. —J'ai parlé à tes parents… ça n'a pas été facile, ton père l'a assez bien pris, mais ta mère, enfin, tu sais comment elle est… j'ai du m'engager à tellement de choses que je ne m'en rappelle même plus la moitié. Tu as intérêt à y mettre du tien, et à leur prouver que tu peux tenir le coup ! Sur ce, il dépose sur mes genoux le plateau de mon petit-déjeuner, en me lançant un regard de défi. Je ris. Ah, Davy ! Docilement, je commence à manger. —Les autres ? —Bill a sauté sur l'occasion de passer quelques jours loin d'Abby, il a appelé ton père dans la matinée, je ne sais pas ce qu'ils complotent ensemble, mais d'après ce que j'ai entendu, je pense que ça a pour but de te faciliter le voyage. —Et Miles ? Il prend un air gêné. « Tu ne l'as pas appelé, n'est ce pas ? » —JE L'AI appelé, je suis tombé sur son répondeur, j'ai raccroché. Je ne supporte pas sa façon de jouer au grand patron surbooké ! Miles est un sujet sensible entre nous. Lorsqu'on était gamins, on nous appelait les inséparables, les cinq doigts de la main, il y avait moi, Miles, Davy, Bill et bien sûr Chloé qui n'était jamais en reste pour faire les quatre cents coups avec nous. En grandissant, les choses ont un peu changé, à l'adolescence, Chloé bien que plus âgée que nous d'un an, s'est retrouvée avec quatre 'grands frères' possessifs, bien que peut-être pas tous pour les mêmes raisons… je soupçonne mes amis d'avoir tous été plus ou moins amoureux d'elle à une époque. Heureusement pour elle que nous avons nous aussi commencé à nous intéresser au sexe opposé, ce qui lui a rendu un peu de liberté, mais aussi changé la dynamique du groupe, nous étions toujours aussi complices, mais c'est entre garçons que nous sommes partis camper sans les parents pour la première fois, à Barafundle bay. Contrairement à beaucoup d'amis d'enfance qui finissent par se perdre de vue après le lycée, notre amitié a résisté au temps… jusqu'à ma maladie. Lorsqu'on avait seize ans, le père de Miles est mort d'un cancer, lorsque le mien a fini par être diagnostiqué, il a très mal réagi, et quand la chimio a commencé à me démolir, il n'a pas pu le supporter, et il n'est jamais revenu. Les autres lui en ont voulu d'autant plus, que j'étais le seul à lui trouver des excuses. » Ok, ok, je le rappellerai cet après-midi. Je repousse le plateau à peine entamé et me laisse aller dans ma chaise longue, je ferme les yeux avec une grimace. Je sens que le répit touche à sa fin. Davy l'a compris lui aussi, il se lève pour aller chercher mes médicaments, mais je préfère rentrer. Dans ma chambre, j'avale une gorgée de morphine, une seule, je dois garder l'esprit le plus clair possible, si je veux que mon plan soit cohérent. Davy m'aide à m'allonger sur le lit, au moment où il se retourne pour partir, je lui attrape le poignet. —Tu ne crois pas qu'il est temps de mettre de côté les vieilles rancœurs ? La vie… la vie est courte Davy, et là, je ne suis pas en train de faire de la philosophie à bon marché, je voudrais juste… je voudrais tellement que les choses redeviennent comme avant entre nous… tous ! Il ne répond pas, il me regarde et hoche la tête gravement. Bien que bons amis, il y a toujours eu une certaine… distance ? Rivalité ? Entre Miles et Davy. Il pose une main sur mon bras et le serre légèrement avant de sortir. Je me retrouve seul. J'ai peur tout à coup, est-ce que j'ai pris la bonne décision ? Est-ce que je ne devrais pas attendre un peu plus ? Non, je dois saisir l'occasion qui se présente, il n'y aura jamais de meilleur moment, ni de meilleur endroit. Ce qui me terrifie, je le sais. Ce n'est pas la perspective de la douleur, elle ne durera que quelques minutes, et je la côtoie au quotidien de tellement de façons depuis plus de deux ans que ce ne sera à tout prendre qu'une (dernière) expérience de plus, et qui plus est librement consentie, celle-là ! Je ne peux, ou veux, tout simplement pas mettre des mots dessus, ce serait lui donner une consistance qu'il n'a pas encore… l'inconnu, quel que soit le nom qu'on lui donne : l'après, l'au-delà, le… néant ! Penser que tout continuera sans moi, comme si je n'avais jamais existé, toute une vie niée, résumée à deux dates sur une tombe… c'en est presque ridicule de présomption, mais c'est ça qui me fait le plus peur ! J'ai cherché, j'ai exploré toutes les pistes, les concepts, les religions, les philosophies, mais je n'ai rien trouvé qui puisse vraiment m'aider. A quoi aura servi mon passage s'il n'y a rien ? Et dans le cas contraire, qu'ai-je accompli qui puisse me faire mériter une quelconque place dans un hypothétique 'paradis ' quel qu'il soit ? Un philosophe français, Montaigne je crois, a écrit 'Si la vie n'est qu'un passage, sur ce passage semons au moins des fleurs '… ce voyage suffira t-il pour faire germer la graine que je voudrais semer ? J'aimerais tellement pouvoir au moins rétablir l'harmonie entre les trois amis chers à mon cœur, leur révéler à eux-mêmes les trésors qu'ils portent en eux sans le savoir, et offrir ce bouquet à la vie, comme un modeste témoignage de mon passage. Le bruit me fait sursauter, j'ai encore du m'assoupir, je jette un coup d'œil au réveil, je n'ai pas trop perdu de temps cette fois. Je me souviens : Chloé doit venir déjeuner aujourd'hui, ce sont les exclamations joyeuses des filles qui m'ont réveillé. Je me lève précautionneusement et passe la main dans mes cheveux pour ne pas avoir l'air de sortir du lit, je peux toujours prétendre que j'écrivais, j'attrape ma canne et sors de la chambre pour aller à leur rencontre. Chloé me regarde gravement pendant que mes nièces se précipitent pour m'embrasser, je plaque sur mon visage le sourire de circonstance et me prépare bravement à affronter les deux tornades, ma sœur a un petit mouvement d'appréhension, mais elle ne dit rien et nous regarde d'un air attendri. Les filles ont compris instinctivement depuis belle lurette qu'elles ne peuvent plus sauter au cou d'oncle James ni s'accrocher à ses jambes pour faire semblant de le faire tomber avant d'éclater de rire sous les chatouilles, inévitables représailles de ces attaques affectueuses, elles m'embrassent et je les serre dans mes bras, Dieu, comme je les aime ! Je lève les yeux vers Chloé et elle se jette contre moi, elle sait que je ne supporte pas de la voir pleurer, et elle enfouit son visage contre mon épaule le temps de se ressaisir. Davy, toujours plein de tact, se présente le dernier, c'est lui, maintenant, qui subit les agressions des filles, et c'est si bon de les voir rire de bon cœur. Je me force à manger comme si j'avais de l'appétit, à plaisanter et même à rire, c'est presque un repas normal, et le sourire presque heureux de maman me récompense de mes efforts. Je résiste le plus longtemps possible avant de déclarer que je vais faire une petite sieste dans ma chambre, sans préciser que la salle de bains sera ma première étape. Personne n'a parlé de ma demande, ils doivent vouloir encore peser le pour et le contre, je sais qu'ils vont scruter mes moindres mimiques, mes moindres actions, mais je suis bien décidé à ne leur donner aucun signe de faiblesse, à leur prouver que mon état est assez stable pour que je puisse y arriver. Je vois bien que Davy n'est pas dupe et me regarde sortir d'un air inquiet, je sais que dans quelques minutes, je vais le voir arriver à la rescousse, mais je sais aussi que je peux compter sur sa loyauté, à moins d'un trop gros problème, il ne me trahira pas. Un peu plus tard, par la fenêtre de ma chambre, je peux le voir s'impatienter, son portable à l'oreille, il doit encore être tombé sur le répondeur, Chloé l'a rejoint et je les vois discuter avec animation, il doit être en train de lui expliquer ma requête et de pester contre Miles. Quelques minutes plus tard, ils sont rejoints par un Bill surexcité, tenant une boite à outils à la main, papa se joint à eux et ils se dirigent ensemble vers la grange où il a installé son atelier de bricoleur du dimanche. Maman passe la tête dans l'entrebâillement de la porte. —Ça va mon chéri, tu n'as besoin de rien ? —C'est bon maman, je vais bien. Je prends un air innocent. « Est-ce que j'ai entendu la voix de Bill ? » —Il vient d'arriver, il n'a pas voulu te déranger, tu veux que je lui dise de venir ? —Pas la peine, je me lève, je vais vous rejoindre dehors, c'est une trop belle journée pour la gâcher en restant à l'intérieur. Elle sourit. Un vrai sourire heureux, et vient m'embrasser sur le front avant de sortir vivement de la pièce. C'est une femme forte, elle ne montre pas sa peine, mais je l'ai souvent surprise en train d'essuyer furtivement ses yeux lorsqu'elle se croit seule. Elle est le pilier de la famille, elle porte les siens à bout de bras, mais elle est rongée de l'intérieur, ma maladie est en train de tuer deux personnes, et mon agonie est aussi la sienne. J'ai peur pour elle plus que pour quiconque, Davy, le ciel le bénisse encore une fois, a compris mon angoisse et il m'a promis de veiller sur elle après mon départ. Le soir, ils abordent enfin le sujet, malgré les réticences et les multiples conditions posées par maman, le départ est fixé au lendemain de mon anniversaire, soit dans un mois, à quelques jours près, si mon état est toujours stable. La partie est lancée, c'est à moi de jouer… ooo Pourquoi est-ce de cette journée dont je me souviens à cet instant ? Je croyais vraiment que j'allais voir toute ma vie défiler devant moi… c'est incroyable le nombre d'idées fausses qui circulent ! Je suis calme maintenant, je n'ai plus mal, je n'essaye plus de lutter, je peux apercevoir le ciel derrière la silhouette nimbée de lumière qui s'éloigne lentement de moi accompagnée par les dernières bulles d'air échappées de mes poumons… si bleu ! Je n'ai plus peur. Le soleil scintille à la surface de l'océan… la lumière… les bougies de mon gâteau d'anniversaire… la chaleur des flammes, la vie… j'ai éteint la lumière, personne n'a compris. J'ai gagné la partie. Je suis fatigué, je crois que je vais dormir maintenant, je regarde encore Miles lorsque l'ombre commence à descendre. Il fera bientôt noir. Merci, Miles, je n'ai jamais pu dormir avec la lumière allumée. FIN ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vau"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Lo que no dijimos","Author":"Gwiniver Morgan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9682189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mi muy humilde contribución al fandom de Third star... Lo que no dijimos. Le ayudó a llegar hasta su cama en donde James se dejó caer sentándose mientras respiraba con fuerza. Puso el bastón a un lado donde lo pudiera alcanzar fácilmente cuando necesitara levantarse de de nuevo. -Te traeré algo de comer... -No. Quiero dormir. -Pero... Bueno. Te dejaré dormir un rato y luego vuelvo para que comas, ¿De acuerdo?- James no respondió acostándose solamente, pero no hacia falta su respuesta, ya que últimamente Davy tomaba esas decisiones sin esperar que las aprobase. Davy salió tras cerrar las cortinas. Luego fue con la Señora Griffin, a avisar que habían llegado de la quimio y que James estaba ya en su cuarto descansando. La quimioterapia le estaba resultando agotadora, estaba llevando un tratamiento fuerte pues era, según el médico, la mejor opción por lo avanzado del sarcoma, aún así en el rostro del Galeno no se veían muchas esperanzas... La madre de James le sonrío cariñosa a Davy cuando lo vio entrar mientras ella estaba preparando la comida para la familia, después de todo, lo conocía desde niño, prácticamente le vio crecer con su hijo y nunca podría agradecerle lo bastante todo lo que hacia por James. Comió una manzana mientras platicaban aunque ella insistía : -Pero hijo, come algo más, estas tan delgado. -Estoy bien con esto, mejor espero a Cloe, así comemos juntos... -Cloe, la hermana de James que había vuelto a la casa paterna no hacia mucho con sus hijas tras el divorcio. También para ella estaba resultando todo tan duro, que Davy no sabía como más podía ayudarla más que haciéndole un poco de compañía. Un par de horas después volvió a la habitación de James, hallándolo aún dormido. Toco su hombro para despertarle, pero al ver su rostro supo que algo no andaba bien. Toco su frente hallándola muy caliente, tenía fiebre. De inmediato marco al médico que le dijo que tratará sólo de bajarla con compresas ya que su sistema inmune estaba deprimido por la quimio. Decidió no decirle nada a su madre de momento, si podía el hacer frente a la situación prefería quitarle ese peso de encima. Cuando volvió a colocar por segunda vez el paño en su frente, James abrió los ojos y lo miró. -Tranquilo. Tienes fiebre, pero ya se te pasa... -¿Crees que vendrá este fin de semana? - No tenía que preguntar a quien se refería. -No lo sé. Miles esta muy ocupado...-James gruño algo bajo y volvió a cerrar los ojos. Davy no distinguía si lo ignoraba o si dormía de nuevo. Estaba seguro que Milo no vendría, aún si tenía el tiempo para hacerlo. Era irónico, él era el mejor amigo de James desde niños, desde que sus madres se reunían a su club de cocina, siempre iban a todos lados juntos. James, que desde entonces era inquieto y amaba leer más que nada en el mundo, lo obligo a acompañarle a esa firma de su autor favorito. Esperaron en la fila más de una hora y se aburría demasiado, hasta que James empezó a pelear con un chico de su misma edad que se había metido en la fila. Resulto que ese chico era hijo del autor y entonces James decidió que sería su amigo. El chico en cuestión era Milo ,y desde entonces James lo incluyo en todas sus aventuras, si así se les podía llamar. Le hacia esperar a Milo fuera de su escuela para iré de pinta los tres al parque de diversiones. Lo invitaba a las vacaciones en la playa, donde antes sólo iba con Davy. También lo hizo ir a acompañarle al funeral de su padre cuando perdió la batalla contra el cáncer. Hasta que Davy, se decidió por estudiar administración mientras Milo y James fueron a la facultad de letras. James no pareció decepcionado por su decisión, incluso se mostró de lo más feliz pues al fin estudiaría con Milo y, ahora no tendría que irle a sonsacar para las borracheras. Y tampoco lo esperaba a él. En una de esas ocasiones les alcanzo en el billar, donde ya llevaban varias cervezas a su llegada y con ellos estaba otro joven que no conocía. Se lo presentaron como Bill y estudiaba con ellos, aunque la ambición de Bill estaba más encaminada al guionismo. Recordaba las burlas de Milo y James pues Bill había empezado a salir con una chica que no le gustaba mucho. -Hey, tengo suerte que Abby se halla fijado en mi estando ustedes dos por ahí- se defendió airadamente antes de dar otro trago profundo a su bebida. Luego hicieron equipos para jugar billar, y cómo no, James y Milo estaban en el mismo equipo y lo dejaron a él con Bill. Sin embargo, James argüía sin convicción que él no sabía jugar billar. Iban perdiendo lastimosamente cuando Milo harto, tomó por detrás a James sosteniendo el taco para hacer el tiro de su compañero, de modo que lo semiabrazaba. Y, sin ánimo de engañarse, lo que Davy sintió al ver que James volteaba y respiraba el mismo aire que Milo, fueron celos sin sentido. Fue en esa ocasión cuando se cuestiono por primera vez su amistad, y a esa seguirían muchas otras hasta que tuvo que aceptar, por lo menos ante si mismo que estaba enamorado. Si bien, era obvio que no era correspondido, lo cual creyó bueno, así se le pasaría tarde o temprano esa absurda idea respecto a James sin tener que separarse de su lado. Y aún así, para James siempre estaba primero Miles... Quitó el paño de su frente y la toco encontrándola menos caliente, de nuevo James le miró con sus claros ojos agradeciéndole como no hacia con palabras. Le sonrío en respuesta. -Ahora si, a comer. -James asintió y él salió por lo que había estado preparando su madre. Cuando volvió al cuarto, James ya no estaba en la cama. Dejó la charola en la mesa de noche y fue hasta lavabo, donde se enjuagaba la cara. Estaba aún más pálido y tenía un gesto molesto, las nauseas de nuevo. Aún así debía obligarlo a comer un poco. -¿Crees que sea niño o niña? -Ja,ja, no es gracioso Davy. -Lo es. Te imagino con una panza de siete meses de embarazo y es gracioso, al menos en mi mente. -¿Y tu eres el papá, no? -No, por Dios. Milo.- a su pesar James se reía bajo mientras cojeaba de regreso a la cama. -Lo demandaría por la pensión alimenticia. -Te conseguiré un buen abogado.-le paso la comida y James con pocas ganas la empezó a picotear. -Se lo diré este fin de semana. Si viene. -¿Milo? ¿Sobre la pensión? Querrá pruebas de adn. -No sobre eso, tonto. -James estaba repentinamente serio y Davy lo miró extrañado hasta que una sospecha se hizo voz en su mente. -No lo harías... -¿Por que no? Es tiempo. No quiero morir sin que él lo sepa, y en vista de que eso no tarda en pasar... -El tratamiento... -¡No esta funcionando! -le interrumpió James sonando más duro de lo que había pretendido, la manera en que Davy bajo la vista se lo hizo notar. Se aclaro la garganta y continuo más quedo. -Debes notarlo. No estoy mejorando. -La quimio suele hacer parecer eso pero... -Davy, no hagas eso. No te engañes, no puedes tratar de engañarme a mi. Cada vez me siento peor...- Davy podía notarlo, cómo James evitaba caminar siempre que era posible, cómo tomaba cada vez dosis más altas del calmante que le prescribieron. No, para nada estaba mejorando. -...¿Qué caso tiene que se lo digas ahora? -Quizá ninguno. O quizá se anime al fin por luchar para publicar su libro... -¿Su libro...? -El manuscrito que te conté leí a sus espaldas hace tiempo, ¿recuerdas? -Ah, te referirás a eso... -Por supuesto, que pensaste? Eres un pervertido... - Davy calló y cómo James había dejado de picar la comida lo tomó cómo pretexto para tomarlos trastes y salir de ahí, aunque fue tarde. James le vio irse con una sonrisa triste, de esas que ahora abundaban en su rostro. Y es que sabía exactamente lo que le había pasado por la cabeza a Davy, no por nada eran amigos desde hacia tanto, aunque Davy creyera que no apreciaba su amistad, lo cierto era que le había importado lo bastante para no decir nada cuando notó que las cosas empezaban a cambiar entre ellos. Lo apreciaba lo bastante para no darle falsas esperanzas y menos ahora que ni si quiera tenía una vida para ofrecerle. Tenia que tomar una decisión y pronto, antes de causar mas dolor a quienes lo amaban... Se estiro para tomar su lap y ponerse a escribir un rato, así lo encontró Davy al volver al cuarto. -Vamos a la playa.- Dijo James al sentirle entrar. -¿Como cuando éramos niños? -Yo pensaba en algo mas bien como lo de hace cuatro años... con Miles y Bill. -Seria cosa de ver con el medico... pero si, ¿por qué no? ¿a dónde quieres ir? -Barafundle Bay... ","Summary":" Mi muy humilde contribución al fandom de Third star... Lo que no dijimos. Le ayudó a llegar hasta s"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Nice To Be Needed","Author":"Drama-Duchess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10600452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: This fic could be a short continuation of where the movie left off and explores a darker side of Davy... Title: Nice To Be Needed He made a promise to himself that he would stay strong and immovable to any feeling no matter how painfully emotional things became at the funeral. He was not going to be a grief-stricken, heartbroken, weepy old sod wallowing in self-pity. He was not going to be one of them. Instead, he was going to distance himself and become numb to even the slightest hint of sentiment. No words anyone could say would sway him. He walked into the funeral strong and he was going to walk out of it even stronger. That was the plan. The plan, of course, did not go accordingly. He sat near the aisle of the first row alongside Mrs. Griffith to his left and Bill to his right. He ignored the starchy collar that occasionally made his neck itch. He hadn't broken out the old monkey suit since his days at the firm two years ago. If it wasn't for the funeral, it would've been completely forgotten and remained tucked away in a garment bag in the depths of his closet. The tailored suit that once was the perfect fit, now hung loosely over his frame. It surprised him how much weight he'd lost since then. He never gave much thought to how he had been eating, apparently not enough. Though, it was a bit frightening to see such a difference now. It was exactly two years ago when his life changed. He lost his job and ended up becoming the official caretaker of his terminally ill best friend. James needed him and it was nice to be needed for a change. Besides, it gave him a sense of importance and a reason for living. He never banked on getting so attached to James. The truth was that he relied on James as much as James relied on him. And now, James was gone. He didn't care how he looked. The neglected day-old stubble that appeared on his chin, which once made him look rugged, now only hid the paleness of his complexion. Through the strands of his unkempt mousy brown hair, he stared straight ahead, gaze not transfixed on the casket that held his dear friend, but on the white lilies that adorned the tall vases around the casket. Those around him would've believed him to be deep in thought or, like everyone else, just trying to fathom the death of a loved one. Davy, how are you holding up? I'm sorry for your loss. Let me know if there's anything I can do. These were just words that didn't offer any real sense of comfort. Davy heard them but didn't respond. The voices sounded distant, unfeeling and a bit forced. He allowed people to hug him and offer more comforting words. But he in turn, he did not show one bit of emotion. His blank face gave the impression that he was grieving and people just left it at that and moved onto the next person they could find to apologize to. They did not know what was going on inside his head. There was so much anger and rage that burned in every fiber of his being. He was mad at the world and equally mad at himself, though he kept it bottled in. He couldn't let anyone know what he was feeling. Not even Miles or Bill. You think you've outsmarted all of us, didn't you? So, this is how you cheat death - beat God to the chase. What right did you have to want it to end it this way? It wasn't up to you. It wasn't your time. Did you consider this a \"proper good bye\"? Did you ever stop to think that what you did was wrong? Y ou got what you wanted but there are so many loose ends that you've left behind. We're the ones that have to suffer, not you. It's our tragedy - our funeral - not yours. Yes Jim, it WAS too much to ask, you fucking coward. Davy thought bitterly, all the while holding a completely straight face. Then suddenly, the thoughts gravitated towards something more personal. Taking care of you was the only thing I had and you managed to take that away from me. How do I go on, Jim? How? What is there left for me now? I have nothing. I have nothing... There was a noise - a closing of a door somewhere in the back. Davy snapped out of his stupor. He glanced around the room. It was mostly relatives and friends of the family who had shown up, all dressed in their funeral best. The women wore their solemn little deplorable faces and the men had followed along with a hardened stare. Davy smirked and thought how fake they all were. It made him sick. They were transient people who had no idea the type of life James led the past two years. They had no clue on witnessing James transform from being healthy to a completely dependent person. Watching his health deteriorate with each growing day was a lot to process. These people knew nothing. Davy observed a few women dabbing their eyes with a handkerchief and others had their eyes turned downwards, avoiding any eye contact possible with those around them. Occasionally, he heard a sniffle here and there along with a soft blowing of a nose. He was unaffected. These people didn't know Jim like the way he had. Hell, some of these people didn't even know Jim at all. Davy spotted Chloe and the girls sitting across from him huddled together resembling a large wad of black taffeta and silk. Miles sat behind Chloe, apparently guarding her like a hawk. James' father had asked Miles to say a few words later on. Miles was the academic one, the articulate one, the savvy book writer. He always had something politically correct to say. James' parents were naturally upset and heartbroken but they seemed to be taking this whole thing so much better than anyone else. Perhaps they knew this day was coming and that they were mentally prepared for it. Or it could be because they just didn't have any more tears to cry. Davy watched people come up to James' parents, shake their hands and offer heartfelt condolences. All this did not move Davy one bit. When he grew tired of the scene, he turned his attention back to the lilies in the vases. Bill, who was seated to his right, had not said a word since they arrived. As the service moved along, Davy grew angrier and angrier. He wanted to bolt. He wanted to walk out that door and never look back. He sat with arms folded across his chest. His hard empty eyes were staring straight ahead, but not focused at anything in particular. He only looked up instinctively when his ears caught the words \"Barafundle Bay\". Miles was speaking and telling the folks about their last adventure. Something inside Davy snapped and he felt a salty lump growing larger and larger in his throat. He tried to swallow it but it refused to budge. Tears stung and blurred his vision and he could no longer contain them in. Hot burning tears rolled down his face in droplets at first, and then turned into steady streams. He couldn't wipe them away fast enough. Bent over with elbows on knees and face in hands, his whole body shook as he bawled. And soon, the sniffles turned into heaves and the heaves into convulsing sobs. He dug his fists into his eyes, but the tears found ways around them and cascaded down his wrists. Mrs. Griffith stroked his back in comfort and told him it was ok to cry and let it all out. Bill whispered a few soothing words. But nothing helped. His lament was so inconsolable that he couldn't come back from it. The tears just wouldn't stop no matter how hard he tried to control them. The more he tried to force himself to stop, the more the tear ducts rebelled against him. It had gotten so bad that he needed to excuse himself and run out because his uncontrollable sobbing was starting to turn heads and disrupt the service. He stepped out into the daylight with eyes still brimming with tears. He stumbled as far as his legs could take him before collapsing onto the curb. Nobody understood the anger, the resentment, the betrayal, the excruciating pain that he felt. He sat on the curb with head in hands. He hadn't even noticed that Bill had followed him out. Without saying a word, Bill plopped down next to Davy and just sat there with him. Davy felt a nervous jerk in the pit of his stomach. He heaved and the half-digested sausage burrito he had for lunch suddenly came back up and splattered into the pavement in a brown pulpy mess. Bill watched on sympathetically and when Davy was composed enough, they returned to the funeral. Davy didn't care that people were looking at him. He didn't care if they whispered, gossiped and judged him. It meant nothing to him. He was the only one of the lot who wasn't in control. He came outright bawling. Maybe it was because he missed Jim the most, or perhaps he was just weak. He had always been weak. He was the one that everyone bullied and took advantage of. All of them - except Jim. Jim was the only one on the planet who treated him like he was a human being. Now that Jim was gone, what was he going to do? Who would need him as much as Jim needed him? The remainder of the service went on without a hitch. Davy did not sob anymore, nor did he say anything. He only went along with the motions and once the funeral was over, he was going to disappear. He didn't care what people thought of him. He was so beyond that. When the service ended, people started becoming more animated, each trying to reminisce and recall all the good times they've shared with Jim. It seemed to Davy that they all had already accepted the fact that James was dead and the fact that James committed suicide or mercy killing or whatever one wanted to call it. Davy was the only one who couldn't accept it. He couldn't digest the truth and didn't understand why everyone else was so casual about it. It wouldn't be long before the bittersweet feeling in the air dissolved and people started lingering back to the routines of their daily lives. James would be forgotten and everyone would just move on. Davy managed to duck out while James' parents were busy accepting condolences from people. \"Oi, Davy!\" Miles called, running down the street. \"Bill and I are going to the Pig-n-Whistle for a round, you comin'?\" \"I don't know, Miles.\" Davy responded. He really wasn't in the mood. \"You can't say no.\" Miles said, playfully grabbing Davy by the back of the neck. For a lack of purpose, Davy allowed himself to be led away by Miles. Bill and Miles sat at their usual booth drowning themselves in scotch and memories of Jim. Davy only stared at his half empty glass, not contributing to the conversation. He listened with one ear open. He couldn't explain the hurt that was growing inside of him. It was a darkness that was slowly eating him away, limb by limb. He couldn't stop feeling like he'd lost control of everything – his life, his emotions. It wasn't anything that neither Bill nor Miles would understand. Davy noticed that they had soon stopped talking and were now staring at him. \"What?\" Davy said. \"You haven't said so much as two words since we got here. Are you alright?\" Miles said. \"Fine.\" Davy replied. \"If there's something you want to get off your chest, now would be a good time.\" Bill advised. \"Nothing.\" Davy answered adamantly and downed the rest of the scotch. Bill and Miles exchanged worried glances. They were both aware of Davy's nervous breakdown at the funeral. \"It helps to talk about it.\" Miles said. \"There is nothing to talk about.\" Davy's tone was steady and turned his eyes downward. He did not want his friends to see the truth in his eyes. \"You were pretty distraught at the funeral.\" Bill said, hoping Davy would open up at least a little. Davy looked up and rage started pulsating in his veins again. \"Well, aren't you all high and mighty now?\" He raised his voice just slightly. Bill caught the hurt tone in his friend's voice and gave Miles a what-did-I say-wrong look. \"What do you care if I was distraught anyway? Your life isn't fucked up. You have a chance to start fresh and look at you, you pathetic little shit. You're still hanging onto the past, old memories, how good things used to be, and a time when you don't know the meaning of the word responsibility. You're not in school anymore. It's time to fucking grow up Bill.\" Miles opened his mouth to say something, only to be interrupted by Davy. \"And you, don't you dare start. You're better off than any of us and you choose to just sit here with your thumb up your ass and complain about how life has screwed you over. Unlike some of us, you still have a job to go to. You have a career. I'm sick and tired of you acting like you're above everyone else. Not everything is about you . You pretend to give a shit about people around you. But let's face it, you've never cared. You've only ever cared about yourself. Well, news flash you stupid fuck, I don't need your charity. I'm tired of being the punch line of all your lousy jokes.\" Davy spewed vehemently. He had already gotten up. \"Davy, listen...\" Miles said. For the first time since the funeral service, he noticed the bloodshot eyes beneath Davy's mousy brown hair. It looked like he hadn't slept in days. \"No, you listen.\" Davy gave alternating glances between Miles and Bill. \"Fuck off and leave me alone.\" He said harshly before getting up and leaving the pub. Bill started to get up after Davy, but Miles caught his arm. \"Let him cool off. He's had a tough last couple days. We all had.\" Miles said. Davy made a beeline back to his flat. He shed out of the monkey suit and stepped into the shower. He waited for the hot water to consume him and wash all the grief and pain away, but it doesn't. The tears started falling again. He sobbed and cried even harder. He cried for the years Jim had to suffer. He cried for not stopping Jim from going into the sea. He cried for screaming at Bill and Miles for no reason. But most of all, he cried in spite of himself and his own failure. Caring for Jim was all he had and now, he had nothing. Jim was dead. Miles was the intellectual and had so much going for him and his book. He was more successful than the rest of them. People relied on him and he had Chloe and the girls. Bill was outgoing and had an exciting job as a videographer. He went places and seen things that others only dreamed of. And he was about to embark on a new journey - fatherhood. What did Davy have? He had nothing. He had no career and came home to an empty flat. He wanted escape from the confinements of his miserable life. He eventually got out of the shower and pulled on a T-shirt and sweat pants. As he stood in front of the sink, he peered through strands of hair and stared at his reflection in the mirror. He realized just how completely useless he was when compared to Bill and Miles. He remembered the scorching words that Miles said to him when they were on their way to Barafundle Bay. Perhaps there was a degree of truth behind those words. It made Davy realize that his life was a complete joke. While everyone was moving on in their lives, he was busy playing nurse-maid to James. Taken advantage of... these words suddenly mocked Davy and something evil in his gut convinced him that it was true. All they do is take and take, until there's no more to be taken. Then you're out on your own, pal. At the end of the day, no one fucking cared. They didn't give a rat's ass about what happened to poor Davy when James finally bit the dust. He felt used. No one could possibly understand the shit that he had gone through the past two years. Bill and Miles were not there. They haven't seen the really bad days when James was in so much pain that he couldn't get out of bed. They had no idea how many times he had to clean soiled sheets and mop up vomit. They had not seen the awful raw sores that James had to bear. Bill and Miles had no clue how dependent James had been. No one could understand the heartache and remorse Davy felt. Davy grabbed a six pack of beer out of the refrigerator and sank down onto the living room sofa. He switched on the television and tried to watch the news, but it soon became nothing more than background noise. After taking a lengthy swig of his third beer, he just stared blankly at the adjacent wall. Soon, empty beer bottles lay scattered on the floor, which he had no intention of tidying up. He didn't care. Eventually, the beers and crying rendered him drowsy and he finally fell asleep. He woke up the next morning to the animated noises of cartoons coming from the telly he had neglected to turn off the previous night. He fumbled for the remote and switched it off. Lying on the sofa, he blinked at the bare wall, a soft shade of ecru. He didn't want to get up. Besides, there was no reason to get up. He had no job to go to. There was no Jim to care for. Nothing gave him a reason to rise and shine. Davy lay there a good part of the day, just staring at the wall. His mobile buzzed several times. Although his phone was within reach, he neglected to answer it. He didn't want to talk to anyone. He wanted to be left alone. Soon enough, the same people who were trying to reach him on his mobile started calling his landline. Davy ignored the ringing and allowed the answering machine to kick in. The only time he left the refuge of the sofa was to get more beer. He was still so incredibly angry at the world that he wanted no contact with it. He decided that he hated everyone, including himself. Davy, its Bill. Call me when you get this message. Hey, it's me. You ok, mate? Call Miles. I tried your mobile a hundred times. Why aren't you picking up? Did you forget to charge your mobile again? Where are you? Call me. Call me. Call me. Hello, this is Mrs. Griffith. I haven't heard from you since the funeral. Just wondered how you were. Please ring me when you get a chance, hun. Why are you ignoring me? Was it something I said? Miles is convinced it was something I said. Alright, call me. Ok, it's been three days. We're getting worried about you. I think you're there...pick up the phone...(pause)...come on Davy, pick up the damn phone... Why won't you talk? What's eating you? Mrs. Griffith here again. Just wanted to see if you were free this Saturday. Would love to have you over for dinner. Please say you'll come? Give me a ring, will you love? Buh-bye. Ok, now we're really worried. (Sighs) You can't stay in there forever. You have to come out some time. Let's talk. Still not picking up? Come on, Davy. Pick up. Just want to know that you're ok. (Long pause before caller hangs up) Fine, have it your way. I'm coming over. Ignoring the phone wasn't enough. Miles was persistent and showed up in person. He knocked on the door but Davy ignored it, pretending no one was home. \"I know you're in there. Open the door, Davy. We need to talk.\" Miles was answered with complete silence - not even a scraping of a chair or a scuffle of footsteps could be heard behind the door. \"Come on, open the fucking door!\" His anger and frustration surfaced. He kicked the door with the tip of his boot. More silence. Miles continued to rap on the door several times before giving up and left. With all his might, Davy angrily hurled an empty beer bottle at the door. He watched the glass splinter into a million pieces. He took another bottle and threw it against the wall, spoiling the smooth paint job. He was so full of anguish and grief that he continued chucking empty beer bottles at walls until there was none left. By then, he was sitting on the floor with knees drawn to chest and arms wrapped around his knees. He burst into tears and cried convulsively until he could cry no more. His eyes absentmindedly fell on an emerald-colored shard of glass that lay several inches from his feet. It mesmerized him and he found that he couldn't turn his gaze away from it. The shard of glass had an alarmingly sharp edge from where it had broken off from one of the bottles. It spoke to Davy. It kept telling him to pick it up. It told him that it was the answer to his problems. It beckoned and comforted him. He finally reached out and picked it up. With glossy eyes, he stared at it for a long time between his thumb and index finger. And all the while, the glass fragment just shimmered innocently in the light. It caressed him and showed him that there was a solution to his problem. It filled his head with words of everlasting peace and made him realize that he didn't have to feel so much anymore. And that there was a way that would allow him to fall immune to pain and grief - permanent numbness. Something about the glass gave him a new found strength and courage. The last few drops of tears fell from his eyes and he quit crying altogether. He accidentally pricked the tip of his index finger with the pointy edge and a small red dot of blood bloomed out of the cut. He watched the blood droplet grow bigger and bigger before gravity pulled it down his finger. Davy's heart quickened with excitement. The blood was hypnotic and thoroughly fascinated him. Aside from a tiny itch, it didn't hurt at all. The blood was so silky and smooth in appearance like red velvet. He watched it and began fantasizing. Blood meant life. And it was like he was allowing life to slip out of him. He was in control. It finally dawned on him that he was in control of his life. In his disturbed mind, he imagined the blood flowing continuously down his hand until there was no more life inside him. He must've sat there for the next several hours, staring wildly at the shard of glass. In doing so, he had completely lost track of time. He realized just how easy it was to die. All he had to do was run the shard of glass across his wrists. It was so fucking easy. Davy was tired of the horrible pain throbbing in his heart. He wanted it to stop and the only way it would stop, would be to die. At that moment, he had a such a strong burning desire to die. He wanted to feel his life slip away from his body. And doing this was him raising a big middle finger to the world - a cold and cruel world that hated him. Besides, if Jim could have a say in creating the perfect way to die, why couldn't he? There was nothing wrong with that and no one could stop him from doing what he wanted. He turned the palm of his left hand up to reveal a bony, white wrist. He could see the bluish veins underneath his skin, where precious blood was pumping through them. He closed his hand into a fist. He held the sharp edge of the glass against his tender skin. His eyes hardened with conviction. However, something in the rational corner of his brain caused a slight moment of hesitation that he couldn't understand. Why did he stop himself? This was what he wanted - to die by his own hand - just like the way Jim decided. New tears welled up in his eyes. His chin shook and tears blurred his vision. He felt weak and suddenly a little indecisive. The power and confidence he had a few seconds ago seemed to vanish. I am NOT a coward. I've been a coward far too long. Davy thought angrily. He took a deep breath and calmed his nerves. No, this must be done. I have to do this. It's for the best. He convinced himself. Filled with determination, he made the first cut. It was a shallow cut and probably did very little damage. But nonetheless, blood seeped out of the wound in considerable amounts. He needed to go deeper. The second cut was far deeper and when he ran the glass across his wrist, he felt an excruciating spasm of pain run up his arm. It caused him to cry out. There was an odd sort of pins-and-needle sensation. Blood oozed out of the second cut and droplets speckled his clothes and around the floor, but he ignored it. He proceeded to slit his other wrist in the same fashion, except it took several tries to get it right. He couldn't tell if the damage was done. All he knew was that blood gushed out of his wrists dangerously. Blood dripped all over his shirt and pants, and smeared against the floorboards. Davy, who usually thought of everything, hadn't thought of how messy killing himself would be. It definitely wasn't as glamorous as they make it seem in the movies. Soon, he was overcome by a wave of lightheadedness from the immediate blood loss. His shoulders felt heavy and his head felt like it weighed a ton. He groaned and was on the verge of fainting. There really was no turning back now. He made his choice and this was how he was going to die. He was determined, yet watching the amount of blood rapidly leave his body scared him. He didn't expect the blood to roll out so fast. Suddenly, his mobile buzzed just inches away. He would've ignored it like all the other calls for the past three and a half days. But something made him reach for the phone. Perhaps it was out of habit or maybe somewhere deep in his heart, he wanted to be saved. He didn't care who it was that was ringing him. His head spun in dizziness causing him to fumble clumsily with the phone. Blood continued to trickle over his hands and arms. In handling the mobile, blood smudged all over it as well. He managed to answer on the sixth ring. \"Davy? Davy, you finally picked up. What the hell is going on with you?\" The close to hysterical voice berated on the other end of the line. It was Miles. There was a pause. \"Hello? You there?\" \"I'm here.\" Davy said with an unusually calm voice. He was lying on the floor now. Staring up at the ceiling, he cradled the phone as best he could between his ear and shoulder. His arms were growing heavier and heavier, and he just left his bleeding wrists at his sides. \"Why haven't you returned our calls?\" Miles questioned. \"We've been worried about you.\" \"I'm sorry.\" Davy's voice trembled. Just when he thought he couldn't cry any more, his chin shook and tears filled his eyes again. \"I'm so sorry.\" This time it was pretty obvious that he was crying. But it was the disconcerting way he said those words that could've raised other questions. It wasn't just a simple apology for acting like an asshole and not returning phone calls. \"Are you alright?\" Miles probed. \"No. I'm not.\" Davy blubbered. \"I'm never going to be.\" \"This whole Jim thing has affected all of us...look, you want to come out and get a drink? I can get Bill and we can...\" \"You don't get it.\" Davy interjected miserably. \"I've already made my choice. I've made it long ago.\" His voice grew faint. \"What's that supposed to mean? What are you talking about?\" Davy felt incredibly tired and spent. He closed his eyes for a moment. His breath quivered. A few stray tears squeezed out the corner of his eyes. He should just hang up and welcome death, but something prevented him from doing just that. Perhaps somewhere in his heart, he wished that somebody still cared enough to tell him he was worth saving. \"Davy?\" Miles said when he heard no response. \"Davy, what's wrong?\" There was worry in his voice now. \"It doesn't matter. Nothing matters anymore, Miles.\" Davy swallowed in defeat. Miles suddenly realized that there was something Davy wasn't saying. It wasn't just the usually angst and drama that came and went with time. This was something way more serious. Something in Davy's hollow voice made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. \"It does matter. It always matters.\" Miles stammered. Concern was growing. This was not the Davy he knew. There was an unusual emptiness in his voice, like as if he'd given up completely, like as if he'd already surrendered. Something in Miles' gut told him that Davy was in a horribly dangerous situation. \"No one cares.\" Davy choked. \"No one. Maybe I really am worthless.\" He sighed then corrected himself. \"I know I am.\" \"That's not true. You can't believe that. We - Bill and I - we care about you. What do we have if we don't have each other? We've been through way too much to throw it all away now.\" Miles retorted. \"It hurts. It hurts so much and the pain inside me just grows and grows. It doesn't go away. I want it to stop, Miles. I want it to stop so badly.\" Davy sobbed desperately. His sobs became so emotionally raw that it frightened Miles. He had never seen Davy so vulnerable. In a few minutes, it would be all over and no one would know what he had done. \"I don't expect you to understand.\" \"I do understand. We're in this together.\" \"Let's face it, no one's ever understood me. But you're right about one thing, I've always been a loser of sorts. And I can accept that now.\" Davy sighed, voice still trembling. \"You know that's not true. I - I never meant what I said. You can't think that I was serious. I was only messing with you. And - and I'm sorry. It was not my intention to hurt your feelings.\" Miles stammered. There was a terrible suspicion gnawing at him. This conversation was going in a direction that Miles did not like. It wasn't an ordinary rant and gripe. \"But it's ok. I've fixed it.\" Davy admitted bravely without giving away too much information. \"What do you mean fixed it ? What the fuck does that mean? What did you fix?\" Miles spat. \"...I don't blame anyone. It's my fault. It's all me.\" Davy mumbled. He would've gotten away with it, except a sharp spasm of pain seized him and he suppressed a cry. He sucked in a difficult breath and let out a small whimper. \"Davy...? What? What happened?\" Miles pressed. No reply from Davy. \"Davy!\" He shouted. \"You can't save me. No one can. Not now, not ever.\" Davy finally said blankly. He would never pull a prank like this - never in a million years. This was something far more severe and fatal. Fatal. Slowly, Miles' mind wrapped around something tangible and a sense of fear and horror washed over him immediately. It sounded exactly like what it sounded like and as much as Miles wanted to deny it, he couldn't. \"Tell me you didn't do something stupid.\" Miles said firmly, but the anxiety in his voice gave him away. \"Davy? Answer me.\" No answer. \"Davy!\" Miles raised his voice. \"Where are you?\" \"Just - why can't you leave me alone? Why'd you call? Why - why do you care? Why does anyone care?\" Davy slurred. \"Where the fuck are you? Are you at home?\" No answer. \"Davy, I mean it. Tell me where you are.\" \"Been here all day...thinking and thinking. I - I can't be saved. I can't be saved.\" Davy garbled. He sounded disoriented and unhinged. \"Fuck! You did do something stupid.\" Miles screamed, but more so out of terror than anger. \"I'll be ok. Don't - don't worry. I fixed everything. I fixed it.\" Davy was starting to lose his grasp on consciousness. His words muddled. Seconds later, his phone slid onto the floor with a soft thud. \"Davy...stay with me. I'm a few blocks away from your flat. I'll be there in a second.\" Miles had been in his car driving home. He braked and made an abrupt U-turn. He almost ran over a man crossing the street and with tires screeching, nearly collided with another car. The windows of the BMW rolled down almost immediately and swearing erupted. Miles had no time for a smart reply. He stepped on the gas pedal and sped away. Shit! Now what? What am I supposed to do? Ok, be calm. Gotta keep him conscious. Keep him talking. Miles thought frantically. \"Davy...talk to me.\" Miles begged. \"Hello?\" \"It's what I want. I want this. I deserve this.\" Davy fought to stay conscious but blood was spilling out of him so fast making him weaker and weaker. Small spots danced in his vision and he had no more strength to hang on. \"No you don't. You don't know what you're saying.\" Miles hollered. \"What did you do?\" His voice was laced with uneasiness and panic. This was followed by no sound from the other end of the line. \"Davy?\" Miles called. No answer. \"Goddamn it Davy, say something. What did you do? I'm serious, Davy. Tell me what you did.\" Miles implored desperately. A pause. \"I - I can't.\" Davy whimpered. \"Just...just let me go.\" He sighed softly and closed his eyes. \"No. I won't. I won't give up on you. I - I can help you. Let me help you.\" Miles blurted. \"Davy?\" \"So tired...\" Davy hadn't even realized he was thinking aloud. \"Davy, don't fall asleep.\" Miles demanded. Davy was not going to listen. His breathing became shallow and within a few seconds, he gave into the darkness. Miles called for Davy several times and did not get a response. At the same time, Miles' car pulled up in front of Davy's building. He dialed 999 and ran up the stairs taking two steps at a time. He raced down the hall and found flat 3C. He had only been there earlier that morning. If he had stayed at the time, he could've prevented all this from happening and possibly have been there to talk Davy out of harming himself. The intervention could've saved Davy from falling into that dreadfully dark place. He would've had a reason to come back into the light - if only Miles had been there. And now, it was perhaps too late. Davy had gone ahead and done something very irrational and wrong. Miles turned the door knob and when it refused to budge, he kicked the door in without hesitation. As soon as the door swung open, he saw the mess that had become of Davy's flat. Broken glass littered the floor and a smell of old beer lingered in the air. Miles' eyes darted nervously around the flat. Shards of glass crunched under his shoes as he stepped into the room. His heart nearly stopped when he saw Davy lying in the middle of his living room floor with a small puddle of blood pooling behind each deeply slit wrist. The sight was shocking and for a second, Miles just stood there petrified, unable to move from the spot. He glanced over the speckles and splatter of blood on Davy's clothing before his eyes travelled to Davy's face. The tips of Davy's mousy brown hair were moist with sweat. Bags under his closed eyes showed evidence that he had been crying excessively. Stubborn tear stains were still present on his pasty cheeks. He couldn't believe Davy had done this. Self-mutilation was not something that Davy was capable of. He may have been a little kooky sometimes, but he was by far never a violent person. He always had a passive, gentleness in his personality that often came off as being predictable. He did not have a single violent bone in his body, as far as Miles knew. Davy was supposed to be the rational one of the group. He was always the \"responsible\" one, the designated driver, the go-to person for solutions, the one who was always willing to help, the one who thought of everything. Miles was horrified at how Davy could go this far. He knew something had to have made Davy snap - something big enough to drive him to this, feeling that this was the only alternative. Miles stood there completely flabbergasted and at the same time, sickened at the sight before him. A nauseous feeling suddenly crept up on him and he immediately covered his mouth, hoping he wouldn't get sick. \"Oh no, no, no Davy. Why the fuck did you slice yourself up?\" Miles cried grievously. Oh please, please, please. Please be alive. Miles thought. He navigated his way around the mess. \"Davy, can you hear me? Davy? Come on, open your eyes.\" Miles dropped down next to him. He had a hand cupped against Davy's pale cheek, trying to lull some life back into his friend. He noticed a small smear of blood had colored Davy's cheek where the phone had rested. Davy responded with nothing more than a soft \"mmm\". Miles quickly grabbed two kitchen towels and proceeded to tie them securely to the wounds to stop the bleeding. There was so much blood and it seemed to flow out continuously in alarming amounts. Miles' hands became stained with blood soon enough. As he looked around, his eyes hooked onto the evil shard of glass Davy had used to slit his wrists. It was lying there, drenched in blood, taunting and looking satisfied at its accomplishment. Miles felt nearly all the bones in Davy's lanky frame when he grabbed him by the shoulders. He was appalled at Davy's unusually frail and thin appearance in a matter of just three days. Davy had not been eating. It was apparent that Davy had lost a great deal of weight and appeared almost malnourished to the point where he was showing slightly more bone than muscle. Miles realized this and shook his head in dismay. \"The ambulance is on the way. Hang on, Davy. Don't die on me. Please don't die.\" Miles implored. He sat there helplessly applying pressure to Davy's wrists and anxiously awaiting for the medics to arrive. Bill sat on a bench in the hallway of the hospital waiting for an answer from the doctor. Miles was fidgety and found a small sense of comfort pacing the length of the hall. After a few minutes, he took a seat next to Bill. Neither of them said a word for a while. \"How did we not see this coming?\" Bill asked breaking the silence. \"Maybe we were too caught up in our lives to notice him falling apart.\" Miles answered, feeling more guilt that he'd ever felt in his life. \"I can't believe he did this. I can't believe he tried - tried to kill himself .\" The last words got caught in his throat. \"We really should've looked after him better. Jim's death hit him hardest, I think.\" Bill said with regret. \"I remembered what happened at the funeral. I don't think I've ever seen him so broken. And I said nothing to him. I did nothing. I should've said something...maybe not have left him alone. Cause when you're alone and that vulnerable, you think things. And you get sucked into desolation.\" \"He was deteriorating.\" Miles said. \"Bit by bit. If only I had been thoughtful enough to see the signs.\" \"That's the problem. There weren't any signs that pointed to this. Davy never gave us any warnings.\" Bill said. \"I wonder what was going on inside his head from the time we left Barafundle till now. One of us should've asked.\" \"When I was talking to him on the phone, he sounded so empty and lost like as if he'd given up. He - he was sobbing so awfully. Bill, this is not supposed to happen. It's just not. Losing Jim was enough. We can't lose Davy as well. If I cared more, he wouldn't have felt the need to do this.\" Miles said, leaning forward with head in hands. His voice faltered and stifled a sob. \"...finding him like that - lying unconscious in a pool of blood. I don't know, I can't help but think that maybe I drove him to this. This is my fault. I was constantly bullying him...and - and all those awful things I send to him at Barafundle. I kept pushing him farther and farther off the edge until he had nowhere left to stand. It was so unfair. I shouldn't have treated him like that.\" \"Don't blame yourself. If we know Davy at all, he's a forgiving soul. He doesn't hold a grudge like the way we do.\" Bill placed a comforting hand on Miles' shoulder. \"He'll throw a hissy fit at most, but after the moment is over, he's all good again.\" Bill was partly glad he wasn't the one to find Davy. He didn't know how he would've reacted to that awful image of blood pouring out of Davy's wrists. Perhaps Miles had been the strongest one out of their group. After all, it was Miles who stayed with James in the bay until the very end. He went through with it and watched James die. Bill empathized with the dread that must be going on inside Miles' mind in having to watch another one of his mates die. The trauma was just too much. \"He wouldn't have answered the phone if there was some part of him that didn't want to be saved.\" Bill reasoned. \"It was his way of crying for help. It was a good thing you rang when you did.\" \"Bill, I was there this morning. I was there. Why didn't I stay? For all I know he was behind that door thinking about hurting himself. If I hung around long enough, I don't know, maybe I could've talked him out of it or - or wrestled that piece of glass out of his hand. I could've done something .\" Miles exhaled a quivering sigh. \"You couldn't have known. Don't beat yourself up about it.\" There was a dreadful silence between the two, but they both had the same thing on their minds. It was hard to avoid and Bill was the first one out of the two to verbally acknowledge it. \"If he dies, we have to be ready for that news.\" Bill said softly, leaning his head back. He didn't want to put a damper on the already solemn mood, but it was a touch of reality. \"He won't die. He can't die. Not after what happened to James.\" Miles shot back defensively. \"Davy will survive, just like he always does.\" Though, they both knew in their hearts that there was a chance Davy wasn't going to make it. They could bury their heads in the sand all the wanted, but the truth was still there. The waiting felt like an eternity. They were slowly losing their patience, along with their wits. Growing more and more restless by the minute, Bill wanted to charge his way through the emergency room doors and demand an answer. Miles had to restrain him several times. Finally, a scraggly-looking doctor in a billowing white lab coat spilled out of the emergency room and lopped towards Bill and Miles. They stood up in anticipation when they saw him approaching. \"How is he, doctor? Is he going to be ok?\" Bill pressed before the doctor could say a word. \"Your friend has lost a great deal of blood. He's definitely done himself some damage. But we've stitched him up and he's stabilized for the time being.\" The doctor said frankly. \"He's not out of the woods just yet. We'll have to monitor him closely for the next 24 hours.\" \"Can we see him?\" Miles asked impatiently. \"He's being transported to a room as we speak. You can see him once he's settled in. The nurse will let you know the room number.\" The doctor replied. He answered a few more questions before excusing himself. Miles and Bill remained in Davy's room and held vigil by his bedside, almost like as if they were afraid Davy would wake up and try to kill himself again. Miles had pulled a plastic chair over to the side of the bed. He sat and stared at the figure sleeping. It was hard to believe that this was the same easy-going, responsible-minded Davy they used to hang out with. This was so out of character for even Davy. He wasn't the sort to think of these things no matter how bad things got. He was supposed to be a survivor, a fucking sunshine on a stick. Davy wasn't like Miles or Bill. He was selfless. He was always there. Everyone needed Davy. Davy appeared so small under the thermal covers. The nurses had changed him into a polka dotted hospital gown and gotten rid of the old bloodied clothes. He looked clean and orderly. Not at all like how Miles remembered Davy to look when he found him on the floor of his flat. There were thick white gauze bandages that wound up and around both of Davy's hands and wrists, making it look like he wore a pair of white boxing gloves. As well, he was hooked up to an array of machines monitoring his vitals. Bill stared out of the window looking at nothing in particular. He thought about James and wondered how he would've reacted to this. Then he thought about Davy, who must've been so troubled and devoid of all hope to resort to suicide. It was building and no one saw it - not even his best mates. Bill felt extremely guilty because he felt he should've noticed something wrong with Davy. He knew how terribly broken Davy was at the funeral. That should've been a warning. Bill asked himself over and over again why hadn't he \"seen\" it. He turned his head and glanced at Davy. One word came to his mind - peaceful. Peaceful like the way James looked all laid out in the coffin, except Davy wasn't dead. Davy's head was slightly tilted to the side, exposing an angular stubble jawline that perhaps on a healthier day, highlighted his handsome face. A soft mop of hair fell over his forehead, giving him an almost boyish appearance. Bill could see a gaunt collarbone exposed from top of Davy's hospital gown and different colored wires disappearing into the opening. An IV drip by the bedside dispensed fluids into his body, making him appear all the more fragile in the huge bed. Perhaps another hour or so later, Davy started regaining consciousness. He felt extremely groggy like as if he'd been stuck in some dream he couldn't fully wake from. His whole body felt heavy, exhausted, and disabled. There was a prickly sensation coming from his shoulders and wrists. His wrists didn't hurt as much as they should, though he wasn't aware that the morphine was numbing the pain. His mind was fuzzy and made thinking straight really hard to do. He moaned and turned his head slowly. \"Davy.\" Bill said anxiously. He watched Davy's eyes open to a sliver at first, adjusting to the light, and then peeling open wider. \"It's ok, mate. You're in hospital.\" Bill added softly when he saw the panic reflected in Davy's big saucer blue eyes. \"You'll be ok.\" The troubled look in Davy's eyes told Bill more than any words could possibly describe. Davy soon realized his suicide attempt was foiled by his own mates. Although he was physically drained, the feeling of sadness still dawdled and he couldn't ignore it. There must've been a reason why they saved him. If no one truly cared, would he have ended up in the hospital instead of the morgue? There was so much confusion in his mind that he couldn't decide what he should really feel. There was something rather comforting in Bill's scruffy bearded face and he just stared at him. Davy sucked in a pained breath and whimpered. His bluish lips parted slightly. He wanted to apologize for the mess he had caused but he couldn't find his voice. Tears welled up in his big eyes and the dam was seconds away from bursting. \"Now, now. Don't go there. Everything's going to be alright.\" Bill hushed. \"We're here for you.\" \"Bastard. What the fuck were you thinking?\" Miles fumed. \"Why, Davy. Why did you do this? Is it because you feel pity for yourself? Is that it? Or did you do it to draw attention to yourself? Were we supposed to feel sorry for you? You go and kill yourself, we stuff you in a coffin and stick you six feet under. And then what? We spend the rest of our lives grieving and pining for you, and thinking that maybe there was something we could've done differently - anything to save you. Do you find pleasure in this? You selfish prick.\" Davy's glance switched over to Miles, who was standing at the foot of his bed with hands on hips and an angry scowl on his face. \"Miles.\" Bill cautioned, giving him a wide-eyed what-the-fuck-is-the-matter-with-you look. He wasn't sure where all this anger and insensitivity was coming from and it surprised him. Just a few hours ago, Miles was near hysterical with worry. \"No, Bill. The fucker needs to get something straight.\" Miles thundered. He turned back to Davy with eyes glaring. \"You had it all figured out, didn't you? You thought you could just take the easy way. Suicide was the answer to all your problems. The perfect solution. This has been your plan all along, hasn't it? Guess what? You're not James. You don't have the right to fuck with your life like this. Not after James - not...\" His voice trailed off. Miles walked to the window and put his hands on the pane. Staring at the dust that had collected on the pane for a moment, his tone changed. \"Too many people have exited my life. I've lost too much. I've lost my dad. I've lost James. I'd have lost you as well. And I can't bear it.\" His voice shook heavily. \"After dad died, I thought it was the last I'd ever have to deal with this shit. Then James got sick and it was like the same thing all over again. I moved in and out of James' circle not because I didn't care. It was because I couldn't face it. I couldn't face him. I couldn't watch him get sick. And now, you go on and pull something like this. It really hurts having to lose one more person to circumstance.\" Miles choked back a sob. He swung around and jammed his fists into his jeans pockets. He had a most pained expression on his face. If one looked really closely, one would have seen a stray tear slide down his face. \"I've been a terrible friend to you. I should've looked out for you.\" Davy remained silent as Miles changed from fuming anger to sentimental banter. This odd display of affection by Miles was new to Davy and he didn't quite know quite how to react. \"You deserve a lot better. I'm sorry, Davy. I'm sorry for being an asshole. I really, truly am. Like it or not, we're brothers and we stick together. We're all we have.\" Miles alternated glances between Davy and Bill. Glassy-eyed, Davy starred at Miles in awe at the apology. It was very rare that Miles would apologize for anything. He was the type who always believed he was right about everything. This was the first time Miles ever showed any humbleness and genuine kindness towards him. \"I know you're hurting. And I promise to help you through this. Whatever it takes, however long it takes. I won't let you slip away.\" Miles watched a few tears squeeze out of the corners of Davy's eyes and run down his face. \"Well, you were a pretty big asshole.\" Davy's voice was raspy. An insult was his way of showing Miles that he forgave him. That prompted a half smile on Mile's lips. They had been friends way too long to not be able to catch each other's drift. It was like a secret hand shake or some other silly habit best friends shared. Davy moved and tried to sit up but groaned in discomfort the moment he moved his arms. His fingers were barely mobile and could only manage a tiny lethargic wiggle of his pinky. \"It's best to stay still.\" Bill advised. \"You're pretty doped up on morphine right now.\" Davy tilted his head back and sank deeper into the pillow. His face grew alarmingly pale, nearly as white as the pillowcase. He exhaled, winced, and for a brief second, it looked like he was about to pass out. \"Are you in pain? Should I call for the nurse?\" Bill spluttered with concern, already standing. \"No, I'm fine. Just a bit light-headed is all.\" Davy breathed weakily. Bill reluctantly sat back down. \"Well, I imagine you should be. You've practically loss half the blood in your body.\" Bill exaggerated, trying to keep the situation light. \"Tell us if you are in pain and we'll ask the nurse to up your dose.\" Miles offered. \"Davy, the Griffith's are in the waiting room down the hall. They know what happened. They came as soon as they heard. They've been asking about you.\" Bill said. \"No! I don't want to see them. I can't see them. I - I don't want to see anyone.\" Davy cried with agitation. The heart monitor above him spiked causing a series of loud beeps. He cringed slightly at the sudden pain he felt as his heart thumped rapidly against his chest. He could hear his heartbeats thudding wildly in his ear. He was not proud of what he tried to do. It would've been much easier had he died. He was ashamed of himself and could not face James' parents. He didn't know if he was ever going to be able to face them after this. \"Uh-oh. I don't think it's supposed to do that.\" Miles said as he looked worriedly at the lines zigzagging rapidly on the heart monitor. Davy shifted a nervous glance at the door half expecting the Griffith's to walk in at any minute. He became more and more distressed. \"Bill, they can't come in here. I don't want to see them.\" He gasped like as if he was trying to hide some terrible pain. It broke Bill's heart to see Davy acting like a small scared child. \"Alright. It's alright. Calm down. Relax.\" Bill soothed as gently as he could, upon seeing Davy so worked up. \"You don't have to see anyone if you don't want to. I don't know why you don't want to see them. They are very worried and want to see you. But like I said, you don't have to see them if you don't want to.\" Bill couldn't risk Davy going into hysterics in present condition. He had to watch the blood pressure. \"We'll just explain to them that you're not up for any more visitors today, isn't that right Bill? They'll understand.\" Miles added. \"But right now, Davy, you have to calm down.\" A few big glassy bulbs of tears rolled down Davy's cheeks. He wanted to brush them away but he couldn't move his arms. He wondered what was going to happen to him now that everyone knew he tried to commit suicide. \"Please don't ask me why I did it.\" Davy finally said while staring at the ceiling tiles. \"I can't...\" He sighed, not wanting to say what he really wanted to say. He couldn't find the strength to admit his guilt, and confront the real reason why he wanted so much to die. \"It's ok. We won't.\" Bill replied and exchanged glances with Miles. \"Davy, don't cry anymore. You've cried enough. I wish you would believe it when we say we'd understand. We really do, 'cause we're your mates. We feel your anguish and pain.\" \"You've already made so many sacrifices. You've dedicated yourself to taking care of Jim in his greatest time of need. You didn't abandon him because he needed you. We're sorry that we weren't there to help more.\" Miles said. \"We could've learned a lot from you. You've done good by Jim and I know he was one hell of a lucky bugger to have you there. But it's time for us to take care of you now. We need you as much as you need us. Please. Just don't - don't do this again. We'd - I'd - never forgive myself if you succeeded.\" Davy wasn't sure if he was ever going to make another attempt on his life again. He couldn't make a promise, especially since the future was so unpredictable. But for now, he was going to allow his friends to take care of him. It was something he needed for such a long time. His life was a mess and he had no idea when or if he could get back into the swing of things. It's never easy getting over almost killing yourself. Davy had problems, he knew it. His mind still teetered and danced dangerously around depression. He needed the support of his friends now more than ever. The End Author's Note: Thank you for finding and reading this fic. Not many people are aware this wonderful movie exists. Davy is one of those characters who possess so many layers and so much depth. Perhaps, being played by Tom Burke also had something to do with it *grins* ","Summary":" Note: This fic could be a short continuation of where the movie left off and explores a darker side"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"All the world's a stage","Author":"Lilou0803","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9701027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vaughan Sivell, ainsi que tous les merveilleux acteurs de ce film, Benedict Cumberbatch en tête, pour avoir mis au monde cette merveille. All the world's a stage (Shakespeare \"As you like it\") « La vie est une pièce de théâtre : ce qui compte, ce n'est pas qu'elle dure longtemps, mais qu'elle soit bien jouée. » (Sénèque) °°°ooo°°° - Si tu ne peux pas, dis-le-moi... « Pardonne-moi, Miles ! Je sais, pas d'excuses entre nous, mais ce que je te demande est si ... et je ne serai pas là pour t'aider à affronter la suite . » » ... je préférerais ne pas être seul... « J'ai peur, Miles, si tu savais comme j'ai peur ! Je suis terrifié, je ne veux pas mourir, j'ai tellement envie de vivre ! » » Je t'en supplie, Miles... fais le... « Reste avec moi, ne m'abandonne pas, aide moi, il me semble que j'aurai moins peur si tu es près de moi ! » » Pitié ! Il aurait dû comprendre, la veille, lorsque James avait insisté « je veux ressentir quelque chose, je veux me battre… quelque chose de grand , et de terrifiant » , il s'était tourné vers lui et avait planté ses yeux dans les siens, « et de courageux ». La plume blanche… en la retrouvant dans sa poche, il avait soudain réalisé toute la dualité symbolique du « cadeau » qu'il avait alors attribué à la morphine qui laissait toujours James dans un état oscillant entre rêve et réalité, et aussi vite oublié. Mais James était parfaitement lucide lorsqu'il la lui avait offerte… signe de couardise qu'on envoyait jadis aux hommes qui refusaient d'aller au front, ou plume de colombe, symbole de paix ? Il avait été lâche, il l'avait laissé se battre tout seul, et elle avait été le seul reproche, muet, que James lui ait adressé, autant que le signe de son absolution. Elle lui avait brûlé les doigts : cette fois, il ne l'abandonnerait pas, il serait à ses côtés pour sa dernière bataille, même s'il ne savait pas encore jusqu'où cela allait le conduire. « Je t'en supplie ! » Il avait cédé, malgré la peur qui broyait ses entrailles, qui l'empêchait d'émettre le moindre son, mais sa peur était bien dérisoire en face de celle de son ami. Il avait peur de la mort de James, peur de l'absence, peur du vide et de la solitude, mais lui au moins continuerait à vivre. Le regarder mourir, l'aider peut-être, serait-il pire que l'agonie qu'ils avaient vécue la nuit précédente, impuissants face aux cris, aux gémissements, face aux larmes d'une insupportable douleur dont les prises de morphine de plus en plus fréquentes leur avait épargné jusqu'alors le spectacle insoutenable ? La perte de ses médicaments les avait confrontés avec une cruelle brutalité à l'immonde réalité de la maladie, bien éloignée de la version édulcorée et presque romantique du jeune homme émacié aux yeux perdus dans le vague, illusion créée par les drogues, à laquelle ils étaient tous habitués. A laquelle ils s'accrochaient tous désespérément ! Même Davy qui l'aidait pourtant au quotidien depuis plus d'un an en avait été épouvanté. La mort prochaine de James qui jusque-là n'avait été qu'une échéance plus ou moins abstraite et toujours repoussée, leur était soudain apparue dans toute sa hideur et son imminence, et leur avait imposé son impitoyable vérité. ... James était peut-être celui d'entre eux qui aimait le plus la vie, elle débordait par tous ses pores, et il avait croqué dedans avec un appétit insatiable, tout à la fois débordant d'énergie, sportif, romantique et rêveur, doté d'une imagination sans bornes et d'un charme quasi irrésistible, il savait s'émerveiller avec une candeur d'enfant devant les choses les plus simples tout en vous tenant des discours philosophiques, et en se préparant à jouer un match de rugby… Il partageait avec Miles le rêve avoué de devenir écrivain mais aucun d'eux n'avait encore réussi à publier un livre, Miles était paralysé par l'ombre écrasante de son père, quant à James, malgré une bonne écriture, il s'était cantonné jusqu'à présent à un recueil de nouvelles, que sa maladie l'avait empêché de terminer. Après plusieurs mois de traitements lourds et épuisants, il ne s'était remis à écrire que très récemment. Les premiers symptômes du cancer qui le rongeait s'étaient manifestés trois ans plus tôt, peu avant leur départ pour la semaine qu'ils passaient traditionnellement tous les quatre ensembles chaque année à Barafundle Bay depuis l'adolescence, en souvenir de leurs premières vacances indépendantes, les obligeant à annuler leur voyage. Mais c'était une forme tellement rare, surtout chez un adulte, qu'il avait fallu une année entière d'examens et de tâtonnements avant que le bon diagnostic ne soit enfin posé… beaucoup trop tard ! Et le pourcentage de chances de rémission était alors si réduit que beaucoup d'autres auraient baissé les bras et jeté l'éponge d'emblée, c'était sans compter sur son tempérament combattif. Lui avait décidé de se battre, malgré la lourdeur et les terribles effets secondaires du traitement de la dernière chance… l'état dans lequel celui-ci l'avait laissé avait épouvanté Miles, hanté par le souvenir de l'agonie de son père. Lorsqu'il l'avait vu ainsi diminué, il n'avait pas pu cacher son malaise et s'était enfui dès que possible pour ne plus jamais revenir. Depuis, Miles n'avait jamais pu se résoudre à affronter une nouvelle fois l'épreuve d'une confrontation. Lorsque Davy lui avait demandé de participer à ce voyage, il avait hésité longtemps, il savait que James avait refusé une nouvelle chimio qui ne lui aurait donné, dans le meilleur des cas, que quelques semaines de plus, et qu'il était plus ou moins redevenu physiquement celui qu'il était avant (si l'on arrivait à faire abstraction de la maigreur, de la canne et des effets secondaires de la morphine) mais il avait fallu toute la force de persuasion de Chloé pour qu'il accepte enfin de le revoir. « C'est la dernière aventure qu'il vivra jamais, il le sait ! » lui avait-elle dit, « il n'a jamais eu un mot de reproche pour toi, tu n'as pas le droit de lui refuser ça ! Et puis il a le droit de savoir, pour nous… » . Jusqu'à présent, il avait toujours refusé qu'elle avoue leur liaison à son frère, il se sentait tellement coupable d'être si proche d'elle alors qu'il l'avait laissé tomber ! Il avait fini par accepter, et c'est le cœur serré par l'appréhension qu'il avait frappé, le jour de l'anniversaire de James, à la porte de la maison qui avait été pendant si longtemps un second chez-lui, et qu'il n'avait plus franchie depuis deux ans. Ce jour-là, tous l'avaient accueilli comme s'il était parti la veille, et il savait que c'était à celui qu'il avait abandonné qu'il le devait. Ce pouvait-il que tout cela n'ait eu lieu que quelques jours plus tôt ? Comment pourrait-il, après avoir retrouvé l'ami de cœur qu'il aimait plus qu'un frère depuis moins d'une semaine, le regarder mourir, l'aider à mourir, alors qu'ils avaient encore tant de choses à se dire, tant de choses à rattraper ? Mais le temps perdu ne se rattrape pas, et le temps avait volé la vie de James. ... Quiconque aurait soulevé un coin du toit de la maison ce jour-là, n'aurait vu au premier regard, qu'une fête d'anniversaire pareille à des centaines d'autres, un jeune homme entouré de parents et d'amis, des cris d'enfants, des discussions et des rires. Mais en y regardant de plus près, l'observateur aurait pu distinguer les visages soudain figés, les sourires forcés, les rires las et les larmes refoulées, il aurait pu ressentir l'oppression de la menace qui planait telle un nuage invisible mais si terriblement présent, sur cet apparent bonheur familial. Tous ici savaient qu'il n'y aurait jamais trente bougies sur aucun autre gâteau d'anniversaire, pour le jeune homme à la maigreur éthérée qui s'était isolé dans le jardin, comme pour profiter des rayons du soleil radieux de ce bel après-midi de printemps. L'appréhension de Miles était presque palpable pendant qu'il s'approchait de lui, James le connaissait beaucoup trop bien pour se laisser prendre à son faux air dégagé. Ils avaient convenu que s'il se décidait à venir, ce en quoi personne ne croyait vraiment, nul ne ferait allusion à sa longue absence, mais les choses devaient être les plus claires possible : James ne voulait pas que ce dernier voyage soit gâché par une deuxième défection de celui qui avait été plus qu'un frère pendant si longtemps pour lui. En lui jetant au visage le nom de sa maladie dès les premiers mots, il lui signifiait clairement \"rien n'a changé, je suis toujours mourant, si tu dois partir, fais-le maintenant !\" \"Toi, toi, toi. Seigneur !\" Le message était passé, la réponse donnée. Les faux-semblants n'avaient jamais été de mise entre eux, ils l'avaient décidé une fois pour toutes, depuis leur plus tendre enfance : pas de mensonges, pas de mauvaises excuses, leur amitié devait être assez forte pour résister à tout ce qui sépare et détruit. Mais deux ans plus tôt, Miles avait craqué devant ses peurs, il n'avait pas pu supporter de voir son ami dépérir un peu plus chaque jour comme l'avait fait son père quelques années auparavant. Lorsque le diagnostic, ou plutôt le verdict était tombé, il s'était dérobé. Englué dans sa peine et sa culpabilité, il n'avait pas eu le courage d'affronter l'épreuve à ses côtés, il aurait volontiers donné la moitié de sa vie pour celle de son ami, mais il était dans l'impossibilité physique d'être présent. Personne n'avait compris, que James, et les autres se demandaient comment il faisait pour n'éprouver aucune rancune de la trahison de son ami le plus proche, sans réaliser que c'était justement la force de cette amitié qui pouvait permettre ce miracle. James comprenait parfaitement les sentiments de Miles et il souffrait de la souffrance de son ami plus que de celle qu'il éprouvait de son absence. La joie de le revoir était à la mesure de l'effort qu'avait dû accomplir Miles pour être là aujourd'hui, en témoignait le sourire radieux qui éclairait maintenant son visage, le premier vrai sourire depuis bien longtemps, qui ne soit pas feint pour rassurer son entourage. Oui c'était vraiment une belle journée. Ils avaient chargé les bagages en plaisantant et échangé des adieux joyeux, c'était comme autrefois, enfin presque, les dernières recommandations de sa mère, les rires, les mains agitées… Des adieux parfaits, sans larmes superflues ni regards apitoyés, il n'était pas, il ne serait jamais un agonisant abruti de morphine gisant au fond d'un lit, entouré d'une famille accablée de chagrin, il était un jeune homme heureux qui partait camper au bord de l'océan avec ses amis, c'était comme si le temps, interrompu trois ans plus tôt par le cauchemar éveillé de la maladie s'était remis en place, c'était parfait, c'était ainsi qu'il voulait qu'ils se souviennent de lui, souriant, heureux, et apparemment encore plein de vie. Lui seul sentait à quel point le temps s'était accéléré depuis quelques semaines, lui seul savait… ... « Tu te tapes de sacrées doses de morphine » . Davy était celui qui connaissait le mieux sa maladie, il n'allait pas tarder à se douter de quelque chose, ce soir-là, il avait réussi à intercepter son portable et à le cacher dans ses affaires, il ne fallait surtout pas qu'il puisse prévenir quelqu'un avant qu'il ait pu mener son projet à son terme. Le cauchemar l'avait réveillé en sursaut, le visage trempé de larmes silencieuses, il n'avait pas réussi à se rendormir et avait attendu le lever du soleil pour ramper hors de la tente. Le feu d'artifice de la veille avait rempli ses yeux d'étoiles et son cœur d'amertume, il se sentait tellement coupable du mal qu'il allait leur faire, qu'il avait déjà commencé à leur faire ! Cette nuit-là, ils avaient dormi serrés les uns contre les autres dans ce que Davy avait qualifié de « tente conçue pour des putains de pygmées anorexiques » , l'entourant comme dans un cocon, comme pour le protéger du sort inexorable, l'allégorie perçue par son esprit était peut-être suggérée par les médicaments, mais la chaleur de leur amitié était bien réelle et elle avait pénétré son âme comme jamais. Il allait leur faire du mal, en paroles, et en actions, cela faisait partie de son plan, et même s'il savait, s'il espérait, que de ce mal surgirait le dernier cadeau qu'il voulait leur faire, cela lui déchirait le cœur. Allongé dans l'herbe, il ne pouvait extirper le cauchemar de sa tête, et la marée montait de plus en plus haut autour de son ombre, l'enserrant dans son étreinte glacée un peu plus à chaque fois. Une larme solitaire avait roulé sur sa joue, la peur… il ne devait pas leur montrer la terreur qui s'emparait de lui un peu plus chaque jour, il fallait qu'il joue le jeu jusqu'au bout, quitte à se faire détester, ils comprendraient, après, il le savait. Il avait décidé de passer à la vitesse supérieure le jour-même. Le cœur en lambeaux, il les avait provoqués un par un, mettant à nu blessures et non-dits, il devait crever les abcès, épurer les plaies, afin qu'il ne puisse plus rester la moindre égratignure qui aurait pu ternir, même un peu, leur amitié. Il les avait blessés, tous, et pourtant… pourtant ils avaient continué, sans un reproche, jusqu'au bout, l'aidant, le soutenant, le portant à tour de rôle, tous sauf un… jusqu'à ce que Davy et Miles finissent par en venir aux mains, faisant enfin éclater le dernier abcès, du moins l'avait-il cru, celui de sa défection, et lorsque Miles l'avait pris dans ses bras pour le porter pendant la dernière partie du chemin, il s'était enfin senti apaisé, il avait essayé de plaisanter, mais le cœur n'y était pas, malgré tout ce qu'il leur avait asséné pendant ces quelques jours, leur dévouement et leur loyauté ne s'étaient jamais démentis, son « merci » étranglé d'émotion ressemblait à un sanglot. Il croyait être arrivé au bout, avoir purgé toutes les blessures en suspens, il leur avait demandé pardon pour son comportement des derniers jours, mais Miles lui avait encore réservé une surprise de taille. Chloé était peut-être celle qu'il avait le plus de mal à quitter. Depuis sa séparation d'avec Mike, peu après le début de sa maladie, elle vivait seule avec ses deux filles, il adorait sa sœur et ses nièces, il aurait tellement voulu pouvoir être là un peu plus longtemps pour elles, au moins jusqu'à ce qu'elles aient pu retrouver un peu de stabilité ! Le premier choc passé, assis sur la plage à côté de son ami, il avait senti les dernières attaches se dénouer, Miles serait aux côtés de Chloé et des filles. L'ombre sur la plage s'estompait, une nuée d'oiseaux avait pris son envol, et bientôt, il n'y avait plus eu que le bruit éternel du ressac. Tout allait continuer sans lui, comme s'il n'avait jamais existé, mais il savait qu'il avait atteint son but, il les avait obligés à regarder leur avenir en face, à affronter leur destinée et à trouver leur voie, et peut-être un peu de son âme survivrait-elle à travers eux. Le décor était en place, le dernier acte, le plus difficile à jouer, pouvait commencer. Il avait pris une inspiration et avait lancé sa première réplique : - Je vais aller nager... FIN ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vau"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Release","Author":"Lilou0803","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9793803","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I do not own \"Third Star\" (Thanks to Hattie Dalton and Waughan Sivell) N/A : THANK YOU to Piwi-chan who gave some flavor to this translation. Without her aid, it would have been so bland... Original story (in French) : lilouspace( point )free( point )fr( slash )fics( slash )?p=1585 Release It feels like I'm floating, weightless. I feel good, surrounded by muffled and distant sounds, even if sometimes, they can reach me. And break this silence. This darkness. This well-being. My bubble world. My safe haven. I can't tell for how long I'm here. An eternity maybe ? It doesn't matter. Something is changing. What's going on ? What's happening to me ? It hurts… My world is crashing down. I'm thrown into a tight corridor, so narrow… And then, there is the light. I see it, I'm attracted to it like a butterfly caught in a hurricane. I can't help it. It seems the world that was such a safe place not so long ago is trying to get rid of me, in a brutal way. I can feel that sharp pain into my lungs creeping under my skin. It's burning, I feel torn apart. I'm going to die, I can tell. This is the end. I'm suffocating, I can't catch my breath… and then, here we are. Inhaling. Exhaling. Inhaling... No one is stopping me, but what is this coldness in my bones ? I realize that I'm screaming, a bunch of unbearable sounds are ringing out of my ears. I suppose this is what they call life. I'm crying. Where is my safe world, why did they have to tear myself from this reassuring place ? ... I'm trying to hold my breath. It is a permanent struggle between my will and survival instinct, to see which one is going to have the upper hand. Mechanically, I open my mouth, trying to catch some air, but instead, the sea water is rushing into my throat and nose endlessly... I can feel the pain in my lungs, the burning… again. I'm torn apart. I'm going to die. I can't breathe even if I try. The air is gone. And this coldness is here, surrounding me. Unbearable. I'm looking at the sky, everything seems so far away. Its blue reflection is all around me. And then, I feel a sense of fear overwhelming me. I scream, a very long and muffed scream. A trail of bubbles escape from my mouth, a loud buzzing fill up my ears. It hurts. I suffocate. I want to stay, don't misunderstand me, but my body is trying to escape my will, I can't do it anymore… I'm going to come to the surface. Help me Miles, you promised ! Suddenly, he is here, answering my silent pleading. His hands grab my shirt, he's holding me and crying with all his heart. I thought we couldn't cry underwater. I must have been wrong all this time. He's suffering with me, still holding his breath. Looking me being in agony must be difficult for him but he's helping me through that. He's so strong. I would like to tell him that it's nearly done. I'm trying to reach him with my hands, and show him how much I love him and how grateful I am. I hope my eyes can reflect all my feelings for him, for them. The most precious things in life are not those you can get from money, but the ones made out of all one's being. And they gave that to me. I'm now free of all pain, and that's such a relief… It's like I'm starting from the beginning. Something I've experienced before. A long time ago. I don't want to fight any longer, I'll let myself go, in this deep blue surrounding… It is… It is like I'm back from where all of this began, the origin of everything, the origin of life… and death. It feels like I'm floating, weightless. I feel good, I'm no longer cold nor afraid. I can see this fading light behind Mile's shape that makes him nearly illusory. The surrounding silence is so calming. And this overwhelming darkness is swallowing me whole, engulfing me like a soothing blanket. I can't tell for how long I've been here. An eternity maybe ? It doesn't matter anymore. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I do not own \"Third Star\" (Thanks to Hattie Dalton and Waughan Sivell) N/A : THANK Y"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"James was wrong","Author":"ButterscotchCandybatch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9691468","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Miles' POV, 30 years after the events of \"Third Star\". I've always thought James was wrong. Oh, I wouldn't have said it at the time. God, they all would have hated me if I did, even though they agreed with me. It was his choice and I wouldn't try to take that away from him. Hell, I supported his choice when Davy and Bill didn't think we could see it through. But I still think he was wrong. The thing is, control is an illusion. I know that James felt out of control, or controlled by the morphine and the cravings for it (God, I know that so very well now) but the reality is that he was still making his own choices, living his life. Life isn't just the planned parties, the planned trips, the plan to plant a tree. Life is what happens on the way as well. Life is when you see a bar fight between your friends and some strangers and you decide 'what the hell' and drive your cart through the middle of it. Those moments can't be planned. And life is formed by the choices of those around you. When the cart went over the cliff, and we decided to go on anyway. When we took turns carrying James in order to make it there in the end – that wasn't part of the plan. And yet I wouldn't have missed those moments for anything. That's the kind of moment you just can't prearrange. If he hadn't decided to take his own life right then, who knows how many more moments he might have had? I know he feared pain and drug dependence (I do myself) but there would have been other moments for him, if he had decided to go on. He might have seen my wedding with his sister, my adoption of his nieces. He might have made it to the birth of Bill's child. He definitely would have had unpredictable, brilliant moments which none of us could have foreseen. Because that's what life is, that's what life does. Life takes us by surprise with amazing, fragile and totally unforeseeable moments. We are all fireworks shooting through the sky over a beach for the momentary joy of those watching. Why lose even a single sparkling moment? You're probably wondering when the hell I got so deep and meaningful, and what gives me the fucking authority to hold forth about life and death and everything anyway? You're probably thinking 'how the hell would he know anyway?' Well, I do. It's my turn now. We are a lifetime away from that beach (literally one James lifetime) and I've had plenty of time to think about it. If I were facing cancer, if I were dying, how would I want to go? At the last possible minute. I'd squeeze every last drop out of my life and I wouldn't go until I were dragged out of life by the heels. I'd fight, I'd take the damn drugs and to hell with the side effects – I'd take them all for one more moment of sweetness with my friends, my wife, my daughters. The darkness will come soon enough. I won't let it come a moment sooner than it has to. How do I know? Because it's what I already do. I don't have to imagine how James felt facing death. It's my turn. I respect his example and his choice, but I won't follow him. If this life is all there is, then I'm going to suck out every last bit of pulp before my tongue is stilled by death. James chose to trade those last few moments for the time and place of his choosing. He traded the sweets of life for control over his death. I supported that choice and enabled him to make of his death what he wished. And I still say that James was wrong. So yeah, this is somewhat autobiographical, but hey, fan-fiction is what you make of it, yeah? Thanks to whoever recommended watching \"Third Star\" – it was an interesting journey. And for those who have followed my other pieces of writing, you'll understand how excited I was that my oncologist is \"Dr Holmes\"! Your reviews, positive thoughts and prayers are always appreciated. ","Summary":" Miles' POV, 30 years after the events of \"Third Star\". I've always thought James was wrong. Oh, I"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"James' Birthday Plans","Author":"ButterscotchCandybatch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9739168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] James' Birthday Plans James' POV, contains spoilers for the movie. Trigger warnings for detailed descriptions of cancer symptoms, drug use and suicidal thoughts. Some mild bad language. A week before my 29th birthday party I woke to pain. Red bloody agony, to be precise. As soon as I could overcome my self-paralysis enough to breathe, I groaned to alert my mother that I was awake. We had a well established morning routine by now. She appeared with a hefty dose of liquid morphine and a cup of water with a straw. She slid an arm behind my back and lifted me enough so that I could drink the medication, ignoring my bitten back cry of distress at the movement. We both knew that the sooner I could drink the dose, the sooner my pain would recede enough for me to think clearly. I swallowed once, twice, then sipped some water and breathed deeply. Slow and controlled, that's the ticket. A few times the taste of the medication made me retch and the reflex spasmodic contractions of my abdominal muscles had me screaming in agony. Not today. Today I just had the usual back pain from the evening dose of pain relievers the night before wearing off. This was my normal now. I lay back on a pillow to support my shoulders and my mother brought me my laptop. I would need to keep still for at least half an hour while the medication kicked in, so I might as well surf the internet in the meantime. I had some research to do. After my mother was gone, I surreptitiously went through my morning routine check. How much more sensation had I lost? I needed to do this before the morphine made me numb. The cancer was pressing on my spine and although each day no particular difference in sensation was obvious, I was definitely losing ground each week. I pinched down my leg front and back. Last week I had tingling around my knee in response to my pinches. It was a strange kind of pins and needles which was painful, but preferable to the numbness that was creeping up from below. Today there was nothing. I could see my own fingers pinching my skin hard enough to leave white fingernail marks which slowly turned red before they faded. But even watching my hands, I could not convince myself I could feel it in my legs. The tingling was present in my thigh, and I pinched myself there hard enough to bring tears to my eyes. It was a relief to know that I could feel something, anything. I lay back, panting with the pain and effort of those small movements. I would relax for a few more minutes before I attempted getting up. I opened my bookmark at the Exit International website and resumed reading where I had left off the night before. I was only halfway through the Peaceful Pill ebook when I was distracted by a sudden flush of heat through my lower abdomen. Oh shit, it was about to happen again. I threw off the covers and tried to ignore the protests of my aching body in order to rush to the bathroom. I was too slow, and the new numbness in my knees made them lock at unexpected moments. I at least made it to the bathroom door and onto the tiles before my bladder let go and I wet myself. I slammed my fist against the bathroom wall, then leaned my head on my hands and wept. For my dignity, which the cancer had eaten. For my life, which was ebbing away before my eyes. For my lack of control, which the drugs were taking away from me. My mother must have heard and guessed what had happened. She appeared in the bathroom door with a mop and bucket. She stripped me and put me in the shower – we were both past the initial embarrassment of the first few times. By the time I was out of the shower the bathroom was clean with only the smell of bleach to remind me of how much I disgust myself. I can understand why Miles doesn't want to come near me. Hell, if our positions were reversed I wouldn't want to come near me either. I dragged myself back into my bedroom and began the task of dressing myself. I was by now used to having to sit down to put my pants on, used to having to lift my legs with my hands and manoeuver them into my trousers. I took a breather before attempting socks. More or less dressed, I lay back on top of my bed and reopened my laptop. The cancer had eaten most of my skills already, but at least until I needed another dose of pain medication my mind was clear. I could plan. For my birthday next week, Bill and Davy (and Miles if he decided to show up) were planning to take me on a trip down the coast. If I planned well, this could be chance to wrench control back from the cancer which was consuming me. I would not have to let my life be pissed away into muzzy drugged dreams and erosion of everything that made me who I am. I wanted to go while I still had happy memories clear in my mind. This would be my moment to choose, to decide, to make my own destiny real. It would be a final act of defiance and self-determination in an unfair universe. Those who loved me would not have to watch my ruin and decay any further. I would go while there was still something of me to love and say goodbye to. There's nothing tragic in that. So, yes, another slightly autobiographical piece. I'd be interested in what you think of it – please leave me a review! ","Summary":" James' Birthday Plans James' POV, contains spoilers for the movie. Trigger warnings for detailed de"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"My Last Dying Breath","Author":"cvourvoulidis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9785824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Third Star or its fantastic characters. Dear loved one who is reading this, I know you will not get this until I am gone, but do not weep. I wanted this. I wanted to die the way I did. Why? Because I wanted to feel something. Anything. Also I wanted to go on my terms. If I had let the cancer kill me it would have been horrible. This way at least I have some control. It's been a very long time since I've had control over anything in my miserable life. The feeling of having power over one little thing in my life is a miracle to me. In my eyes at least. You may not understand, but perhaps one day you may. If not then I guess this is just something you can keep to remember me by. Mum, I love you so much and please don't blame yourself. You did everything right so don't think any of this is your fault. You will always be the best Mother ever and I couldn't have asked for a better childhood or life. Don't stop making those fantastic cherry pies that I love so much. Dad won't admit it, but he secretly does love if. He was the one who used to steal it, not me and Clara. It's fine though, it was only the logical assumption. Dad, let me just start of by saying this: I hope Mum doesn't kick your ass for stealing the pie and letting us kids take the blame. I will forgive you, but only because I love you. Let me tell you this, if you try to blame Clara for the pie now it's not gonna work. Clara, dear Clara. Oh what should I say about you, little sis? Well, I think you're beatiful, smart, and you will always be my best friend. Don't cry for me, move on with your life. Help Mom and Dad get through this. For me, please. I'm begging you. I love you, little sister. Davy, Miles, and Bill. Oh, you three are trouble, let me start off with that. We grew up together. We got in trouble together. We did everything together. Hell, we even got in trouble together. But that's fine because it was all good times. I wouldn't take any of it back. Never. Not for all of the money in the world. Not for all of Mum's cherry pie in the world. Not even to get rid of my cancer. But that's okay. You know what, I am perfectly fine with accepting the fact of dying. Why? Because we all do eventually. It's just that some leave earlier than others. I am one of those people and I have happily accepted that. You will accept it also, but it may take you all a little while. When I did I'll be in the stars, where I've always wanted to go. I love you all with every once of my heart and my last dying breaths. With love and respect, James Hope I did the justice for this film. Review and let me know. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Third Star or its fantastic characters. Dear loved one who is reading this"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Le maître du jeu","Author":"Lilou0803","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9620406","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vaughan Sivell, ainsi que tous les merveilleux acteurs de ce film, Benedict Cumberbatch en tête, pour avoir mis au monde cette merveille. Après la fin du film, « mono-dialogue » et flashbacks. (Ce n'est pas vraiment ce que je voulais faire au départ, je ne sais pas à quel moment les choses ont échappé à mon contrôle, mais bon… disons que ce sont les surprises de l'inspiration ! ) La conclusion m'est venue après coup et après ixième visionnage du film : j'ai en effet de plus en plus l'impression que c'est James qui raconte toute l'histoire, après sa mort, et que les mots qu'il prononce à la fin ne sont que la conclusion du récit commencé en voix off au début. D'autre part, le fait qu'il utilise les mots «c'est l'anniversaire de ma naissance » plutôt que « c'est mon anniversaire » tout court, m'incite à penser que le message qu'il veut faire passer est qu'il préfère qu'on se souvienne de son dernier jour comme de l'anniversaire d'un début, et non d'une fin… ce qui si on y réfléchit, reste logique dans l'esprit du personnage. Le maître du jeu www (point) youtube (point) com (slash) watch?v=D_dnQfHpiY … Après le départ des deux autres, il était revenu dans la tente. Il s'était allongé à côté de James, les yeux fermés à l'affut insensé d'un bruit de respiration qui ne viendrait pas. Le silence n'était troublé que par la rumeur incessante des vagues qui venaient s'écraser sur les rochers et mourir sur la plage. Autrefois, il avait aimé l'océan, mais l'océan avait éteint les étoiles dans les yeux de James. Les étoiles… Il leur avait bien fallu prendre une décision, et partir assez tôt pour avoir le temps d'arriver au village,et d'être de retour avant la nuit. Ils avaient décidé qu'ils devaient être deux, un qui reviendrait avec la police et l'autre qui resterait sur place pour attendre les parents de James. Davy qui vivait avec eux depuis plus d'un an, qui était presque devenu un second fils pour eux, était le plus apte à les aider à affronter cette épreuve. Miles, assis face à l'océan, muré dans un mutisme obstiné, leur avait opposé une inertie inébranlable. Non sans une certaine inquiétude pour leur ami, Bill et Davy s'étaient donc mis en route au milieu de la matinée, ils ne seraient absents que quelques heures, mais le laisser seul après ce qui s'était passé ne contribuait pas à améliorer leur état d'esprit. D'un autre côté, l'un d'entre eux devait rester et ils le connaissaient assez pour comprendre son besoin de passer ces quelques heures seul avec son ami, elles lui permettraient peut-être d'exorciser sa culpabilité pour l'avoir abandonné pendant ces deux dernières années, et de faire la paix avec lui-même pour le reste. Ils étaient tous complices, aucun d'eux n'avait tenté d'empêcher James de mettre son plan à exécution, mais Miles avait eu de loin le rôle le plus ingrat. « Eh bien nous y voilà Jimmy ! Tu as tout de même réussi à obtenir ce que tu voulais, hein ? Tu es content maintenant ? Tu es fier de toi ? Et ne la ramène pas avec tes étoiles, je sais ce que je t'ai dit, mon pote, et malgré tous tes beaux discours, je le pense toujours, oui, vraiment je le pense. Il n'y a rien, rien ! Et maintenant, que tu en as la preuve, je m'aperçois qu'ici non plus, il n'y a désormais plus rien… que le vide d'une vie qui n'a plus aucun sens ! Comment est-ce que je vais faire pour continuer à avancer, maintenant, tu peux me le dire ? A vivre en sachant que tu n'es plus là, et que moi j'ai… Je n'ai pas..? Et comment est-ce que je vais bien pouvoir expliquer ça à Chloé..? Je peux bien te le dire maintenant, c'est elle qui m'a demandé, supplié de vous accompagner, elle ne voulait pas que tu partes avec ce non-dit entre nous, et elle pensait que ce serait le bon moment pour en parler... Si elle avait pu savoir ! » Il sursauta, une rafale de vent avait secoué les parois de la tente, faisant claquer les pans mal attachés. Quelques heures plus tôt, le temps s'était brusquement couvert, comme s'il voulait se mettre à l'unisson de leurs âmes, une pluie fine et glacée s'était mise à tomber, qui les avait tirés de leur hébétude. Refusant toute aide, Bill avait soulevé James dans ses bras comme un enfant endormi pour le porter à l'abri de la tente, où il l'avait doucement allongé sur les sacs de couchage avec des gestes de père couchant son petit garçon tombé de fatigue après une journée à la plage. Les yeux voilés par le chagrin, il avait écarté sur son front les boucles encore humides, et effleuré sa joue du bout des doigts « Dors bien, James… bon voyage au pays des étoiles !». Ces derniers jours avaient été bien différents du temps qu'il avait pu passer avec lui au cours des deux années qui venaient de s'écouler, il ne s'agissait plus seulement de distraire un ami malade lors de visites soigneusement planifiées. Il avait dû affronter la réalité du cancer au quotidien avec son cortège de souffrance, de médicaments et de sordides effets secondaires, le protéger, l'aider à surmonter les obstacles que son affaiblissement et les effets de la morphine ne lui permettaient plus d'affronter tout seul. Ce voyage l'avait mûri, lui avait fait prendre conscience de sa force intérieure, il resterait avec Abby, il élèverait leur enfant, il repartirait même peut-être un jour en Amazonie, ou ailleurs, pour sauver la planète. Il n'avait plus peur, il se sentait prêt. Un rire nerveux secoua Miles. « Pas de ça, mon salaud, n'essaye pas de m'impressionner avec des effets à deux balles ! Le vent n'est que du vent, et toi… Oh, je sais ce que tu vas me dire : qu'est ce que ton absence va changer pour moi ? C'est vrai que ça fait deux ans que je vis comme si tu n'étais pas là, que…que je t'ai abandonné à ton sort… à cette saloperie de cancer ! Je sais qu'on s'était toujours dit qu'entre nous, quoi qu'il arrive, il n'y aurait jamais besoin d'excuses ou de justifications, mais aujourd'hui, même si je sais que tu m'as pardonné, je… Et cette fois-ci au moins, tu me laisseras peut-être finir mes phrases, maudit bavard ! Sa voix s'était étranglée sur les derniers mots, et il avait dû s'assoir en se forçant à respirer profondément, pour empêcher la douleur et les larmes de prendre le dessus. « … Même si maintenant, je donnerais avec plaisir la moitié de ce qu'il me reste à vivre pour que tu me coupes la parole encore une fois! ... » Ces deux ans… Seigneur, ces deux ans ! Ça me faisait tellement mal, tu comprends, après… après mon père. Je ne pouvais pas affronter ça une fois de plus… pas avec toi ! Tu étais… tu es… tu seras toujours mon meilleur ami, le frère que je n'ai jamais eu, alors, non, je ne pouvais pas accepter… pas toi ! » Un sanglot lui déchira la gorge. « Tu te souviens de ce que tu m'avais dit, lorsque le diagnostic est enfin tombé ? – Je ne vais tout de même pas laisser un truc avec un nom aussi ridicule avoir le dessus ! – Je n'avais pas compris… Je crois que j'avais réussi à me persuader que tant je ne la voyais pas, ta maladie restait une abstraction, et que tu ne pouvais pas mourir. Tu ne pouvais pas mourir, tu entends ? Parce que je ne le voulais pas ! Je ne le voulais pas, bordel ! ... » Tu me manques, espèce d'enfoiré, tu es là, à côté de moi, et tu me manques déjà comme jamais. J'ai fermé les yeux trop longtemps, mais tu m'as obligé à les ouvrir : je ne peux plus faire semblant maintenant, n'est-ce pas ? Plus me dire que ce n'est pas vrai, que tu vas guérir, que tout ça n'est qu'un mauvais rêve, que je vais me réveiller et que tout sera de nouveau comme avant… Avant…tout ça ! » Cette nuit-là, même après que la morphine ait eu fait son effet et que James ait cessé de gémir pour sombrer dans une somnolence semi-comateuse, aucun d'entre eux n'avait pu trouver le repos. Les cris de souffrance de leur ami, les mots qu'il avait prononcés à la veillée, ses larmes de désespoir, continuaient à les hanter. Lorsqu'il était sorti de sa torpeur, à l'heure où la promesse d'une lueur commence à chasser les ombres de la nuit, il avait lu leur acceptation dans leur mutisme et sur leurs avait voulu voir une dernière fois le soleil se lever sur l'océan,alors Davy avait enroulé une couverture autour de ses épaules, et Bill l'avait porté sur la plage. Assis au bord de l'eau, il avait entouré de ses bras rassurants son ami allongé sur ses genoux, la tête calée au creux de son coude, et dernier rappel des jours insouciants où le temps n'avait aucune importance, tous les quatre avaient attendu l'aube en silence. Les mots étaient désormais inutiles et leurs adieux muets plus éloquents que tous les discours. Le jour était levé depuis longtemps lorsque James avait enfin trouvé la force de se lever. Ils n'avaient pas essayé de le retenir, debout sur le sable humide, le cœur broyé, tétanisés par le chagrin, ils l'avaient regardé s'éloigner lentement de la rive en nageant maladroitement. « Putain, espèce de salaud, mais pourquoi, pourquoi est-ce que tu m'as obligé à faire ça? OK, OK tu as raison, c'est vrai, tu m'as laissé le choix, mais il n'y avait pas vraiment de choix, pas vrai ? Comment est-ce que j'aurais pu te laisser t'enfoncer tout seul dans cette immensité sombre et glacée avec au cœur cette indicible terreur qu'exprimait ton regard ! Tu allais mourir, mourir ! Que valait ma peur à côté de la tienne ? Ton regard, ton regard… Tu le sais, n'est-ce pas, ton regard me hantera jusqu'à la fin de ma vie ! » C'était la plume qu'il avait retrouvé dans sa poche qui avait tout déclenché, James avait toujours eu le sens de la symbolique et de la métaphore, en lui tendant simplement cette plume blanche, c'était son absolution pour deux longues années de culpabilité inavouée, qu'il lui avait offerte sans prononcer un seul mot. Miles avait alors réalisé que rien au monde n'était plus important que cette amitié, que sa lâcheté envers la maladie lui avait fait négliger pendant si longtemps, il avait ressenti au plus profond de lui le silence glacé du ventre de l'océan et la solitude innommable de James au moment d'affronter l'instant le plus terrifiant de toute son existence. Il ne pouvait pas le laisser tout seul en face de l'horreur absolue, sa place était à ses côtés, comme elle aurait aussi dû l'être pendant ces deux dernières années. En le rejoignant, il ne savait pas encore à quoi son geste allait l'engager, mais il devait bien ça à leur amitié. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il l'eut presque rejoint qu'il s'était aperçu de la présence des deux autres. Mais le destin avait envoyé une mauvaise crampe à Davy, obligeant Bill à le ramener sur la plage, et ils étaient restés seuls tous les deux, devant le pire des cauchemars. James lui avait peut-être pardonné, mais apparemment, l'univers ne l'estimait pas quitte de sa trahison. Le moment de l'expiation était venu. « Tu ne peux pas savoir la torture… Chaque bulle d'air qui s'échappait de ta bouche brûlait dans mes poumons comme les feux de l'enfer, et tes yeux, tes yeux qui ne quittaient pas les miens, tes yeux qui me disaient « merci d'être là », jusque dans cet ultime moment où j'ai senti ton corps cesser de lutter et s'abandonner à l'océan. Lorsque je suis remonté pour respirer j'aurais voulu hurler en voyant tes bras levés vers moi comme pour me dire « ne m'abandonne pas ! » ... A ce moment-là, j'aurais voulu pouvoir trouver le courage de rester, de partir avec toi, Jim, mais je n'ai pas ta bravoure… et j'ai honte d'être toujours vivant. Lorsque je t'ai regardé à travers l'épaisseur de l'eau, j'ai su que tu avais emporté une partie de mon âme avec toi, à jamais! Et ne rigole pas… Je sais ce que j'ai dit, oui je m'en souviens, mais… mais si tu savais comme j'aimerais avoir tort ! Alors si vraiment tu me regardes depuis les étoiles, donne-moi le courage de continuer à vivre, parce que sans toi, sans ton aide, je ne suis pas certain d'être capable d'y arriver tout seul ! Davy était le seul à s'être vraiment rendu compte de la vitesse à laquelle l'état de James s'était dégradé au cours des derniers jours, de la volonté dont il avait du faire preuve pour continuer malgré tout le voyage, de la rapidité à laquelle les flacons de morphine disparaissaient de la réserve qui aurait dû être suffisante pour le voyage entier et de ses périodes de plus en plus longues de semi-inconscience. Il avait brutalement réalisé que son ami lui avait menti tout au long des semaines précédentes en lui faisant croire que son état s'était sinon amélioré, du moins stabilisé… qu'il avait compris que l'issue serait plus proche encore que dans leurs pires craintes, et qu'il avait planifié sa sortie avec autant de soin qu'une de ses nouvelles ! Malgré tout, il avait désespérément essayé de ne pas y croire… jusqu'à la nuit précédente. Il était resté près de lui, pendant que les autres cherchaient le sac de médicaments qu'ils avaient perdu en route, et son impuissance à le soulager l'avait mis au supplice, autant que les cris qui peu à peu s'étaient transformés en gémissements puis en un râle faible et continu sous l'intensité de la douleur qui lui enlevait jusqu'à la force de se plaindre, la force même de respirer. Lorsque Miles et Bill étaient enfin revenus avec le sac retrouvé, pendant un instant, il avait été tenté… Cela aurait été si facile ! Il était en état second, comme spectateur de lui-même, hanté par le martyre dont il venait d'être le témoin impuissant… quelques gorgées de plus, quelques gorgées de trop, et James se serait endormi paisiblement pour ne plus se réveiller. Mais le jeune homme, du fond de l'abîme de sa souffrance avait trouvé la force de repousser le flacon avant qu'il ne soit trop tard, et cela l'avait ramené à la réalité. Il aurait pu passer outre, la faiblesse de son ami ne lui aurait pas permis de résister, mais le furtif instant d'égarement était passé, lui qui l'avait aidé à vivre pendant tout ce temps, ne pouvait pas se résoudre à accomplir ce geste. Et puis James ne voulait pas de ça, il ne voulait pas baisser les bras, il avait fait un choix qui lui permettrait de rester le maître du jeu, de faire un dernier pied-de-nez à sa maladie et de sortir vainqueur du combat sans espoir qu'il menait depuis plus de deux ans : il allait mourir, c'était un fait, mais ce ne serait pas elle qui aurait sa peau ! Mais la vrai réalité, c'était qu'il avait eu peur, peur des conséquences, peur de ne plus pouvoir supporter de vivre après ça, et maintenant, ce serait Miles qui devrait porter ce fardeau, Miles qui se murait dans le silence depuis les quelques sanglots qu'il avait laissé échapper entre ses bras un peu plus tôt. Il aurait pu lui éviter de porter ce poids pendant sa vie entière, même si pour cela il avait du trahir James. La culpabilité qu'il en éprouvait était un poison qui le rongeait. Davy était déchiré en deux. Lorsque tout serait fini, il s'engagerait dans une cause humanitaire, Il y pensait depuis quelques temps déjà, mais il n'avait vraiment pris sa décision que sur la plage où ils avaient rencontré « l'homme au Dark Vador marron», une vie au service des autres lui apporterait peut-être la rédemption. « Tu avais bien préparé tes petits numéros, en fin de compte, putain d'enfoiré ! En jouant au sale petit con arrogant, à coup de sarcasmes et de provocations, tu nous a tous poussés dans nos retranchements, envoyé au diable les faux-semblants et brisé les hypocrisies, tu nous a obligés à nous regarder en face, à découvrir notre vérité profonde. Tu as donné à Bill la volonté d'affronter ses plus grandes peurs, Davy a enfin trouvé la voie qui donnera un sens à sa vie, et à moi… Tu m'as fait le plus beau cadeau qu'on puisse faire, tu m'as donné la force de me réconcilier avec moi-même, tu as exorcisé tous mes vieux fantômes, et j'ai enfin pu laisser partir l'ombre de mon père. Mais ton ombre à toi, rien ne pourra jamais l'effacer, nous serons pour toujours orphelins de ta vie et tu vivras toujours dans nos cœurs… Avec son tact habituel, l'autre soir Bill a dit qu'un jour on vivrait à travers nos enfants, aujourd'hui, nous sommes tous devenus un peu tes enfants… Et tu es un peu devenu notre enfant à tous, tu nous a obligés à grandir en nous mettant devant la plus grande des responsabilités, en nous forçant à affronter et à surmonter le pire ! Je suppose qu'on doit tous te dire merci, finalement… » Une fatigue immense s'emparait de lui, en même temps qu'une sensation de paix comme il n'en avait encore jamais connue. Avant de glisser dans le néant, il eut encore la vision d'un scintillement d'étoiles. Il sourit et marmonna dans un demi-sommeil. « Les étoiles… toujours le dernier mot, hein Jim ? Va te faire voir avec ta putain de manie d'avoir toujours raison ! ». ... ... ... ... ... Les parents de James étaient arrivés pendant la nuit. Ils avaient apporté avec eux une enveloppe de kraft, qui portait la mention : « Ne vous inquiétez pas, mais dans mon état, il faut tout prévoir. Ouvrez cette enveloppe uniquement si je ne reviens pas. Je vous aime. James ». Elle contenait la dernière nouvelle de James : le scénario complet de sa propre mort, daté du jour de leur départ, le document avait incité les policiers à abandonner les dernières suspicions qu'ils auraient pu avoir sur la façon dont les choses s'étaient vraiment passées à Barafundle Bay. Le dernier chapitre se terminait par ces mots : « Alors je lève mon verre de morphine à vous tous, et s'il vous arrive de vous en rappeler, ce jour est l'anniversaire de ma naissance. Souvenez-vous que je vous ai aimé, et que vous avez rendu ma vie heureuse. Et il n'y a aucune tragédie dans tout ça. » FIN ","Summary":" Third Star ne m'appartient pas, et je ne remercierai jamais assez Hattie Dalton et Vaughan Sivell, "},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Only the Silence Knows My Suffering","Author":"Cumberbatch Critter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8594309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Only the Silence Knows My Suffering Surrounded by three of my best friends, I suppose that I shouldn't be sad. That I shouldn't be suffering. I have much more than most could hope to every have, even if it will be ending soon. I have Davy. He's a good man. He's got a strong mind. He knows what he wants and he'll get it, I'm sure of it. Maybe that's not worth much nowadays, my opinion, because everyone important all knows my mind's gone funny the past few days. But Davy... Davy sort of needs someone. He needs someone to hang onto. And it won't be me for much longer. I hope he finds someone. Then there's Bill. He's got a good heart on him, but he skews what's important. Or maybe, maybe it's just that he wants something to be important. Maybe that's why he stays with his girlfriend. Maybe that's just... what he's supposed to do. I never know what he's thinking. I don't think he hardly knows what he's doing , to be perfectly honest. Lastly, there's Miles. He has a tendency to overlook the things that are obvious. He doesn't see what he doesn't want to. It's probably not a bad thing. I just wish he would settle down with the fact that I won't be here for much longer. He needs to realize that before it's too late, before the cancer's gone and taken me too far to really appreciate Miles. I appreciate him now. I think that's another one of the things that he's oblivious to. The silence used to be a pleasant distraction from everyday life. I used to like the silence. It was calming, soothing... Now it's just a painful reminder. A reminder that I'll be leaving these three wonderful men behind me, my family behind me, my hopes and my dreams and my life. The silence is just painful because, when someone isn't distracting themselves, distracting me, there's just me and my thoughts. And my thoughts can be pretty morbid nowadays. Bill has somehow draped his arm across my chest. I should probably push him away. Cuddling? He was cuddling with me. I could have made a sarcastic remark. Could have pushed him away, could have pushed the silence away. Pushed away the thoughts... But I don't. Bill's arm is proof, proof that I'm still here, still in the present. The rise and fall of my companions chests, their quiet breathing; it's all a sign that I'm still alive. And, even though I'm sad, I'm alive, and I have to make the best of it. Not only for myself. For my friends as well. I watched Third Star . I... I have never cried so much before, not over a movie . My chest ached and I was sobbing so hard that I had to keep telling myself to breathe. And then, the morphine toast quote at the end... Well, I had thought that I had gained a little composure and bam ! \"So, I raise-\" /broke down all over again It was terrible. But it was terrible in a beautiful way. Third Star has just won first place in this American's heart. Feedback, as ever, is wonderful. Thanks for reading. ","Summary":" Only the Silence Knows My Suffering Surrounded by three of my best friends, I suppose that I should"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Danser dans les étoiles","Author":"Lilou0803","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9379574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THIRD STAR... OMG! Je viens tout juste de découvrir ce film, et je crie à l'injustice : Mais pourquoi un film de cette qualité n'est-il pas connu du monde entier, pourquoi ne le découvre-t'on que par hasard en lançant, je l'avoue sans honte, une recherche sur Benedict Cumberbatch ? Être émue par un film, bien sûr, ça m'était déjà arrivé, comme à tout le monde, mais généralement, ça passe aussi vite que c'est venu, mais là... c'est carrément une énorme giffle, un KO, un état de choc, les larmes qu'on voudrait retenir mais qui coulent sans qu'on puisse s'en empêcher... Et pourtant, rien dans ce film ne tourne jamais au pathos sirupeux et larmoyant, l'histoire de James, qu'on sait condamné dès les premières secondes est traitée sans apitoiement superflu, sa maladie peu évoquée, les comportements, les dialogues, sont même parfois durs. Les acteurs, BC en tête (non! vous croyez ?) époustouflants de justesse. C'est l'histoire d'un parcours initiatique qui mettra à la fin tous les personnages face à eux-même, à leurs peurs et à leurs responsabilités. Pour citer une fan qui a su écrire une magnifique critique de ce film dans son blog : \"La plus grande force de Third Star est de ne parler ni de la maladie, ni de la mort. Third Star est une déclaration d'amour à l'amitié, l'un des plus beaux sentiments qui existent, voire le plus beau. James, Davy, Bill et Miles sont des amis d'enfance et ils s'aiment. On le sait dès les premières secondes. Une fois encore, point de mélodrame, de dialogues mielleux, de surenchère. Tout est dit dans leurs regards, dans leurs gestes, dans leurs rires, dans leurs engueulades. L'alchimie entre les quatre acteurs opère tout de suite. La caméra d'Hattie Dalton montre parfaitement la beauté des liens qui les unissent.\" Il faut absolument découvrir ce film et le faire découvrir aux autres ! Et si ça peut donner envie à quelqu'un : youtube (point) com (slash) watch?v=D_dnQfHpiY&feature;=share&list;=UUxmxk1UeIkNT6TuKsbvFBLA Merci à Hattie Dalton et Vaughan Sivell pour ce joyau flamboyant! Ceci dit, cette histoire se passe quelques jours avant le début du film. Danser dans les étoiles... ... Molle succion du sable mouillé sous ses pieds nus, fraicheur de l'eau, éclaboussures, rires, courses folles sur la plage, nuit à la belle étoile autour d'un feu de camp, à boire de la bière et fumer des joints en refaisant le monde… Le meilleur week-end qu'il ait jamais passé ! Quatre amis, vingt-cinq ans, inséparables, débordants d'une vie exubérante qui leur ouvrait à deux battants les portes de l'avenir. En ce début de juin, la baie encore déserte leur appartenait, ils se sentaient les maîtres du monde. Finis les examens, terminée la fac, ils ne savaient pas encore ce que la vie allait faire d'eux, mais s'ils étaient sûrs d'une chose, c'était que le temps s'étirait presque à l'infini devant eux, à leur entière disposition. Pour le présent, il était dans son endroit préféré au monde, en compagnie de ses trois amis les plus chers, que demander de plus à l'existence? Allongé à même le sable chaud, il avait fermé les yeux, savourant l'instant, laissant les sensations l'envahir, morsure du soleil sur son dos, mêlée à la caresse rafraichissante de la brise qui faisait tourbillonner les grains de sable en mini-tornades sur sa peau, rumeur apaisante de l'océan, silence uniquement troublé par le cri des oiseaux de mer… Un frisson de bien-être sensuel avait parcouru son échine, Dieu ! C'était presque aussi bon que le sexe ! Et à propos de sexe… Bon sang, s'il se levait maintenant, ils en auraient pour des mois à le charrier ! —James ? —Mmmm ? Brusquement arraché à ses souvenirs, il entrouvrit les yeux sur un Davy bien trop sérieux, où était passé le Davy insouciant d'avant ? Le redeviendrait-il après... Lorsqu'il ne serait plus là ? Le plus difficile, c'était de penser que tout allait continuer sans lui, comme s'il n'avait jamais existé. Le soleil brillerait toujours, les enfants grandiraient, Dieu merci il y avait les filles, pour sa sœur, pour ses parents, elles seraient le meilleur antidote au chagrin, peu à peu, la douleur s'estomperait, et laisserait sa place aux souvenirs apaisés, tout passe, tout s'efface, et la vie serait bien plus facile pour eux sans le poids de ce qu'il était devenu. —Tu ne m'as pas répondu, je t'ai demandé s'il y a quelque chose en particulier que tu aimerais pour ton anniversaire ? —Barafundle Bay. Refaire le monde autour d'un feu de camp… Qu'avaient-ils fait depuis ? Qu'avait-il accompli qui vaille que le monde se souvienne de lui ? Bill avait abandonné l'idée d'aller filmer les rainettes en Amazonie pour rester près d'une femme qu'il n'aimait même pas, Miles ne publierait jamais son bouquin et cultivait son stress chronique à propos de ses affaires à coup de téléphone portable et de conquêtes sans lendemain, Davy se retrouvait au chômage, à s'occuper d'un ami à demi-impotent, et lui… Le cancer avait tué ses rêves avant de le tuer lui, il ne deviendrait jamais un grand écrivain, il ne serait jamais plus rien, qu'un squelette pourrissant au fond d'une tombe. —Quoi Barafundle Bay ? —J'aimerais y retourner. Avec vous, comme il y a quatre ans. « Seigneur… Déjà quatre ans ? » —Je ne sais pas si… OK, je vais en parler à tes parents. —Merci. Parfois, le fait d'être mourant avait ses avantages, vous éviter de parlementer pendant des heures, par exemple… Aujourd'hui aussi, le soleil caressait sa peau blafarde de malade trop souvent confiné à l'intérieur, sans parvenir à le réchauffer vraiment, rien ne le réchauffait plus. Il referma les yeux et essaya de reprendre le cours de sa rêverie. Sexe… La bouteille d'eau froide que Bill lui avait vidée sur le dos en riant lui avait évité un certain embarras au moment de se relever… Tout cela avait-il réellement existé un jour ? Y-avait-il vraiment eu une vie avant la tumeur, la chimio, les traitements de plus en plus lourds, et en dernier recours les doses de plus en plus fortes de morphine? La maladie s'était déclarée un peu plus de trois ans plus tôt, les premier symptômes étaient passés inaperçus, ou mal interprétés, crampes, contractures musculaires, fatigue chronique, symptômes grippaux, ganglions enflammés, il en était venu à pouvoir à peine marcher, avant que les médecins ne se décident enfin à penser à un cancer et à faire les examens appropriés… Plus d'un an s'était écoulé avant que le bon diagnostic ait enfin été posé, il était déjà trop tard, la maladie s'était déjà beaucoup propagée. Et il avait décroché le gros lot : un rhabdomyosarcome (« à vos souhaits ! »), un type de cancer extrêmement rare, qui touche encore plus rarement les adultes, et encore plus rarement localisé au niveau des membres, qui s'était attaqué aux tissus de sa cuisse droite. Après plus d'une année de traitements lourds et de plus en plus éprouvants, il avait refusé de subir une ultime chimio. Au stade où il en était arrivé, on ne lui avait pas caché qu'il n'y avait plus aucun espoir à long terme, il savait pertinemment que cet anniversaire, son vingt-neuvième, serait le dernier. Ras-le-bol des hôpitaux, il avait décidé de passer ses derniers mois avec sa famille, il voulait mourir en paix. La vie… Il n'avait jamais autant aimé la vie que depuis que le temps s'était mis à s'enfuir avec une rapidité hallucinante, mais il détestait ce qu'était devenu sa vie. L'humiliation de se faire assister pour les gestes les plus élémentaires , les plus intimes du quotidien, essayer, souvent en vain, de cacher à ses proches la souffrance de plus en plus intense, faire semblant de ne pas voir les regards apitoyés et les larmes refoulées, continuer à faire bonne figure pour ses parents, sa sœur, ses nièces… Parfois, il avait l'impression d'étouffer sous la pression, seul Davy était témoin de ses moments de découragement, de ses larmes de douleur et de frustration, Davy avait été là dès le début pour lui, il ne lui en serait jamais assez reconnaissant, et pourtant, il était parfois si injuste envers lui, et même si tous les deux savaient que c'étaient la souffrance, le désespoir et les médicaments qui s'exprimaient par sa bouche, il s'en voulait de lui faire de plus en plus souvent subir les conséquences de son état. Davy avait perdu son travail à peu près au moment où sa maladie avait été identifiée, à l'époque, il venait souvent lui tenir compagnie, lui remonter le moral lorsque le découragement s'emparait de lui après des séances de thérapie particulièrement lourdes et éprouvantes, tenter de donner une apparence de normalité à cette farce insane qu'était devenue sa vie, et c'était tout naturellement que lorsque son état en était venu à nécessiter une aide quasi permanente il avait proposé ses services à ses parents afin de les décharger de cette épreuve supplémentaire. Il s'était installé dans la chambre contigüe à la sienne, qui avait été celle de sa sœur lorsqu'ils étaient enfants, et depuis près d'un an il se dévouait sans compter pour essayer de rendre ses derniers mois le moins pénibles possible. Il retint de justesse un gémissement, une onde de douleur se propageait dans sa cuisse en dizaines de langues de feu, irradiant dans tout son corps, tordant son estomac et lui coupant la respiration. Jetant un coup d'œil autour de lui pour voir si quelqu'un s'était aperçu de quelque chose, il chercha frénétiquement le flacon de morphine dans la poche de son pantalon et en avala une gorgée, juste une, il essayait de résister le plus possible, mais il était obligé d'avoir recours de plus en plus fréquemment à cette saloperie. La solution de facilité aurait été de se laisser aller, de se laisser peu à peu sombrer dans une douce léthargie où la douleur n'existerait plus et à attendre la fin en se vautrant dans ces substances que d'autres auraient tué pour avoir à leur disposition, mais il refusait cette éventualité, sa plus grande peur était de perdre sa lucidité, il préférait la souffrance au fait devenir un légume somnolent avachi sur un grabat, il voulait garder sa conscience jusqu'au bout, c'était la seule dignité qui lui restait. Depuis quelques semaines une idée avait commencé à prendre forme dans sa tête, il allait devoir jouer serré, mais ça pouvait marcher, il fallait commencer par s'éloigner d'ici et le voyage à Barafundle Bay, loin de sa famille, était une occasion inespérée, il fallait absolument que Davy arrive à convaincre ses parents, et pour que ça ait une chance de marcher, il fallait tout aussi désespérément qu'il puisse feindre d'aller mieux. Il se forçait donc à sortir chaque jour, à essayer de marcher pour remettre dans la mesure du possible, ses muscles en condition pour le voyage, à faire semblant d'avoir retrouvé l'appétit, se forçant à manger, quitte à tout vomir dès qu'il sortait de table, à se montrer souriant et plein d'entrain dès qu'il quittait l'abri des murs de sa chambre, seuls témoins muets de son infinie détresse. Même, et surtout, Davy devait tout ignorer de la dégradation de plus en plus rapide de son état ces derniers temps, et de ses desseins. Il les apercevait, en grande discussion, à travers la porte vitrée, Davy était devenu comme un second fils pour ses parents et c'était un réel réconfort de savoir qu'il serait là pour eux, au moins pendant les premiers temps. Il sourit amèrement. Grâce à son cancer, Davy était peut-être le seul d'entre eux à avoir vraiment accompli quelque chose, finalement ! Davy avait besoin de se dévouer, c'était dans sa nature, et même s'il reprenait sa vie normale après cette parenthèse, il aurait au moins la satisfaction de pouvoir se dire qu'elle n'aurait pas tout à fait été vaine et inutile. La porte s'ouvrit et sa sœur s'immobilisa un instant sur le seuil, dans une flaque de soleil, avant de se diriger vers la chaise longue. Il se força à sourire. —Bonjour sœurette, je ne savais pas que tu devais passer aujourd'hui. —Je suis venue déposer les filles, je… Je sors ce soir. —Un diner romantique ? Son divorce avait précédé de peu sa maladie, et il se sentait presque coupable du fait qu'elle n'ait pas rencontré quelqu'un d'autre depuis. Ils avaient toujours été très proches, et elle passait la plupart de son temps libre chez ses parents pour être près de lui. Elle n'aurait plus à traîner ce fardeau bien longtemps maintenant. —Je… Un diner entre amis, et peut-être un ciné, je ne sais pas. La légère hésitation ne lui avait pas échappé mais il fit comme si de rien n'était, tout ce qu'il désirait, c'était de la voir sourire à nouveau. Elle reprit sur un ton un peu trop indifférent « Davy nous dit que tu aimerais aller à Barafundle Bay pour ton anniversaire ? ». Il plissa les yeux comme gêné par le soleil, et détourna le regard, elle avait toujours su lire en lui comme dans un livre. —Oui, une sorte de… Pèlerinage, je suppose, je me sens mieux, et j'aimerais revoir l'océan. Je pense sincèrement que ça me ferait du bien de me sentir presque… normal pendant quelques jours, d'oublier un peu… La larme avait glissé sur sa joue sans qu'il puisse la dissimuler, elle s'accroupit près de lui et posa doucement une main sur la sienne. La douleur revenait, aussi fugace qu'elle ait été, elle avait vu la crispation de ses traits et remarqué ses efforts pour contrôler sa respiration. —Où est ta morphine ? Il baissa les yeux vers sa poche, elle y glissa sa main et sortit le flacon. « Tu ne vas pas mieux, n'est-ce pas ? », elle lui présentait le flacon débouché, il le prit et avala une gorgée. « Pas la peine d'essayer de me mentir, j'ai toujours su lorsque tu ne me disais pas la vérité ». Il agrippa la manche de son pull, sa voix était voilée par la souffrance. —Ne le leur dit pas… S'il te plait ! Il fixait sur elle un regard suppliant et un peu trop brillant, « s'il te plait ! ». Le regard désarmant du petit garçon qu'il avait été, ce regard limpide auquel plus tard aucune fille ne pouvait résister, et elle lut dans ce regard tout le désespoir qu'il cachait au fond de lui. Et soudain, dans un éclair, elle comprit ! —James, non ! Tu n'as pas le droit… Il ne fit pas même mine de nier, les faux-semblants n'étaient plus de mise, elle l'avait percé à jour, il devait la mettre dans son camp, il n'avait pas le choix. —Le droit ? Le droit ! Regarde-moi, regarde ce que je suis devenu ! Je joue la comédie pour les parents, mais je vais de plus en plus mal, et bientôt, je serai obligé de prendre de telles doses de morphine que je ne serai plus qu'un légume hébété, cloué au fond d'un lit ou sur un fauteuil, la bave au coin des lèvres ! Et pour quel résultat : une semaine, un mois de sursis, dont je n'aurai même pas conscience… C'est vraiment ça que tu veux pour moi ? Oh Chloé, je n'ai pas envie de mourir, mais je vais mourir, nous le savons tous, alors je t'en supplie, ne m'empêche pas de partir, si je suis obligé de rester, je trouverai un autre moyen, mais… mais j'ai été heureux à Barafundle Bay, c'est la dernière fois que je me suis senti libre, pleinement vivant, avant… çà ! Et j'aimerais vraiment revoir l'océan encore une fois… Et… Et non, toi , tu n'as pas le droit de m'en empêcher, c'est ma vie, c'est ma mort, ce n'est pas… Je ne veux pas mourir, j'ai peur, je suis terrifié, c'est juste que je préfère choisir que subir. Tu comprends ? Dis-moi que tu comprends ! Maintenant les larmes ruisselaient sur ses joues, sans un sanglot, et c'était comme si l'azur de ses yeux se liquéfiait, et c'était poignant, et terrifiant. Aussi terrifiant que l'aveu qu'il venait de lui faire. Elle tentait de toutes ses forces de résister, mais au plus profond d'elle-même, elle savait qu'elle finirait par capituler, elle savait qu'il avait raison, elle percevait à quel point il serait égoïste de vouloir le retenir. Mais comment pourrait-elle vivre désormais avec ce poids sur le cœur, ce poids sur la conscience ? Elle avait cependant un dernier espoir. —Et s'ils ne peuvent pas venir? —Si les parents acceptent, Davy sera là, et je suis sur que Bill sera trop heureux de sauter sur l'occasion de passer quelques jours loin d'Abby. Quand à Miles… Je ne pense pas que Miles acceptera de venir. —Pourquoi ? —Ça fait presque deux ans qu'il n'est pas revenu, je le comprends, je lui rappelle trop de mauvais souvenirs… Son père… Miles avait perdu son père à seize ans, également d'un cancer, et il n'avait pas pu supporter de revivre cette épreuve avec son ami. Il avait cessé de venir après sa première chimio, la plus lourde, la plus éprouvante, la dernière fois qu'ils s'étaient vus, James avait non seulement perdu tous ses cheveux mais les effets secondaires de son traitement l'avaient réduit à un tel état, que Miles n'avait pas réussi à surmonter son malaise, il s'était littéralement enfui, et s'il prenait régulièrement de ses nouvelles, il n'était jamais plus revenu le voir. Davy et Bill lui en gardaient une rancune tenace. —Ils refuseront ! Ils t'empêcheront ! —Peut-être ! Je reconnais que s'ils décident de me ramener de force, je ne ferai pas le poids, mais qui ne tente rien n'a rien. Il planta dans ses yeux un regard qui lui déchira l'âme. « Promets-moi que tu ne diras rien à personne ! Je t'en supplie sœurette, Si tu m'aimes, promets-le-moi ! J'ai conscience que ça ressemble à du chantage, mais je te jure que ça n'en est pas, tu le sais, n'est-ce pas ? On a toujours été sur la même longueur d'ondes toi et moi, au fond de toi, tu dois savoir, tu sais que j'ai raison. Je voudrais juste… Que tu restes avec maman et papa jusqu'à… ». Il leva la tête vers le ciel. « Tu te rappelles, on rêvait de Neverland… Troisième étoile à droite, et tout droit jusqu'au matin… Dis-toi que je suis juste parti danser dans les étoiles ». Elle réprima un sanglot et enfouit son front sur les genoux de son frère. —C'est la deuxième… Et d'une voix éteinte « Je te le promets ». FIN ","Summary":" THIRD STAR... OMG! Je viens tout juste de découvrir ce film, et je crie à l'injustice : Mais pourqu"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"And in the end, there is no tragedy","Author":"GRock87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8365484","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All right, this is a little bit rough around the edges, but this is what I wrote last night after watching Third Star for the first time and so I'm going to let it be. Tell me what you think? The walk back was the longest in their lives. They were both silent, even when they crowded together in the tent that night, more conscious of the space that was empty than of each other. The trip went much faster in terms of time. But they weren't really there. They were on a beach, and James was telling them he wanted to die. They were on a beach, watching as he began to swim out. They were on a beach, taking off their shoes and plunging in, not to stop him but just to be there. It was strange, almost, to be able to move quickly when they felt so much heavier. The ferryman with his perennial eyeshadow, a lovely shade of pink today, made a fuss about the missing cart and the missing passengers. Neither of them had the heart to explain, explain how the sick one was dead and Miles had stayed with the body on the beach, work be damned. Instead, they sat on the rough benches, keeping to themselves without saying a word. The grey sky began to let loose a miserable slow drizzle. They barely noticed the spray of the waves and the pattering of the rain. It was one thing to know you were going to lose someone. It was one thing to take care of a sick friend, to make him laugh and cherish him while he's there. It was quite another to see him go, to really know he was never going to smile with them or tease them or play practical jokes on them again. Davy slung an arm around Bill as they reached the shore and began to trudge the gravel path into town, the way they had traveled all too recently. They didn't really need words. The grey rain and the comfort of each other's presence was enough. It was Davy who made the call, from an old, faintly rusted wall phone in the inn. Needless to say, it was brief. The entire family arrived in the next couple of hours. The girls huddled near the fire, confused and a little bit scared. Their Mama was sitting with her mother as the pair held each other and wept. His father was putting on a brave face for his family and for the Detective Inspector he was talking to. But there was a deep, empty sadness in his eyes. The boat arrived early the next morning, carrying a body in a black bag and Miles. Miles trudged into the inn, looking absolutely exhausted, and she immediately caught him up in her arms. Her girls looked dubiously at the man their mama was hugging. They weren't quite sure what had happened, but their mama had told them that Uncle Jimmy was really sick, and now he had to go to Heaven now to be with the angels. The funeral was quiet. Abbie and Bill stood by each other, him reluctantly hugging her small frame. Davy stood alone. Miles stood with his love and her children as the minister spouted spiritual affirmations neither he nor James had truly believed in. He was tempted to hit the man in the face with his bible. James would've approved, mischief and fighting at his funeral would have been a delightful thought. But he had a woman to hold as the coffin was slowly lowered into the ground. They continued on with their lives. Davy found a new cause to need him and devoted himself to it completely. Bill was married, simply and privately in the courthouse. After the baby was born, he gradually did begin to make a fresh start, never forgetting James' words no matter how much the morphine was to blame for them. He found joy and relief from his wife in the baby, whom they called James Fillmore. Miles and his sister were married and happy, although he could never look at her without a tiniest glimmer of remembrance of the lie he had forced him to tell. And the life that could have been slowly faded from their everyday goings and doings. But it was never forgotten. Every once in a while, each one of them would have a word, a joke, or a person on the street trigger a memory. And they would smile, after a long while, because it was better to remember him in love and life than in death. And every year, regardless of their schedules or their lives, the three of then set out for the bay once more. On the anniversary of that day, that morning, they would launch off fireworks, drink beers (Guinness, of course) and simply enjoy the feel of the sand and the wind whipping through their hair. Sometimes they would tell stories. Other times no words were needed. Once, they found a very weather beaten and cracked torso of a brown Darth Vader figurine half buried in the sand. They'd had a good laugh about that one. And eventually, very many long years later, there was only one old man standing on that beach. He walked with a cane, his hair was thinning and white, and his once-handsome face was creased with the wrinkles of a long life. His three published books were in his pocket. The first, James had gotten to read. The second, he didn't need to. The story was his. And the third, well, the third was the story of the man standing alone on the beach. His wife was gone, the girls and his own child Philip James were grown with children of their own on the way, and he was content. Slowly, the old man moved forward into the chill water of the bay. A brisk wind stirred the waters of the bay under the grey sky, not raining quite yet. He waded, and waded, until he was swimming, and then finally, when his arthritis filled joints could swim no more, he sank into the depths. It was painful, yes, drowning. But James had been right, all those years ago. When he had said goodbye, when he had nothing to live for but decay and pain, it was better to die when he was alive. When it was real. When it was brave. The man felt the water fill his lungs, and felt a twinge of fear. What if there is nothing beyond? What if I won't be dancing along the stars with James? What if I was right, all those years ago? But then his tired eyes shut one last time, and his swirling mind quieted for the last time. They say the stars were very bright that night. The meteor shower was spectacular to behold, almost just like fireworks. And the waves of the bay rushed on. The adventurous still found their way there. New people still frolicked in the waves. One even found an extremely battered Rolex. But the memory of the sea is old, and the lives that could have been were not lost. They were remembered as ghost stories in the local lore. They were remembered in the campers, and in the fireworks someone else decided to set off every once in a while since the blokes who used to do it disappeared. And there was no tragedy in that. Whew. Feels. Okay. Yeah. If I gave you any, I'm sorry. Review and I will try to comfort you as best I can. If I didn't know names I just sort of fudged it. Writing this was very therapeutic, actually. ","Summary":" All right, this is a little bit rough around the edges, but this is what I wrote last night after w"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Appreciate the Small Things","Author":"Cumberbatch Critter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8587935","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Appreciate the Small Things The stars were always there, always constant. Never changing, they never left. They always accompanied him. They were always there, no matter wherever they went. He could always find solace in the stars. He'd learned to appreciate everything, because of, well, the obvious, but he loved the stars most of all. Of course, his friends knew that. His friends... He owed them. He watched the fireworks light up the sky. Red. Blue. Purple. Orange. Yellow. The booms and pops and cracks and sizzles echoed, around the cliffs, the plains, the mountains, his mind. It was a good echoing. It didn't bother him. He reached a hand up, viewing the colours through his fingers. For a moment, he was there, in the sky, with the fireworks. They were close enough to touch, to enjoy. The flashes before his eyes, the echoing in his ears. He was soaring, high above the little problems, this world. He was flying. He had learned to appreciate the small things. His friends, fireworks, a tent or a fire or a favour. They could all take him away from where he was now, take him to some place different, warm and inviting and calm and happy. It didn't matter where he was now, because the small things could take him somewhere else, if only for a moment. And he lived for those moments. And he wouldn't change a thing. I haven't seen Third Star . I'm planning to watch it very soon. I've seen the trailer, I've seen about two minutes of a tribute video that I stopped watching halfway through when it got to a certain spoilery part, I've seen the fireworks scene/resulting tent fire. That's all. I don't even know the character names, asides from James. But. The fireworks scene is chock-full of emotion, and I love that scene [love the movie already, even though I haven't seen it], and so, hopefully, after about four to six minutes total of put together clips for trailers and etc, I've managed to capture a little tiny bit of James. Reviews are encouraged! I'd love to know if I've managed his mind on my small knowledge of the fandom. Thank you! By the way, if you review, tell me NOTHING about the movie. xD Unless you're talking about the fireworks scene. No spoilers, please. ","Summary":" Appreciate the Small Things The stars were always there, always constant. Never changing, they neve"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Golden Hour","Author":"Tallulah99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9587142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Golden Hour By: Tallulah \"Please, Davy.\" Davy's looking at me like I've lost my mind, and maybe I have, I don't know. Maybe it's not that important in the grand scheme of things, but then again, maybe it's everything. A dying man's wish? How do you say no? I know he won't, anyway; say no, that is. It's on his face, the grudging willingness to do what I'm requesting. There's little Davy won't do for me these days. This is neither the most disgusting nor the strangest request I've had to make of him in the past few months. I don't mean to take advantage, but in so many ways, I've come to depend on him – require him. I'm grateful for everything he's done and I know my parents are too. I'm okay with the neediness now. I wasn't at first. When things started to get bad, when the cancer started to get bad and my body first started to rebel, I wasn't so accepting. I would tie my own shoes, goddammit. I refused to be coddled, refused to be an invalid. And then Davy pointed out that I was an invalid and that saying a thing isn't a thing doesn't make it stop being a thing, so shut the fuck up and let him tie my shoes already. Ah, Davy. What would I do without him? Even more pressing of an issue, what will he do without me? I can see it on his face the moment he caves in. He's got this way of pulling his mouth off to the side when he's come to a decision he's not altogether happy about. \"I know it's mental,\" I say, encouragingly. \"Humor me.\" \"Your mum'll kill me if she finds out what kind of 'humoring' I'm doing here,\" he grouses, but his heart's not in it. I wonder if he's even noticed that he's agreed to do it. \"Far be it for me to give you advice, mate,\" I say. I'm breathing heavily though all I've done is turn around sideways on the sofa. Goddamn this cancer. \"But if I were you, I think I'd keep this particular bit of tender mercy under my hat.\" \"Oh, Jesus, James.\" He throws his hands up in the air and stomps off. I know he'll be back. It'll be time for my next round of meds soon. Right now I'm in the golden hour. That's what I think of it as, the golden hour. That's the point where the meds have worn off a bit and I can think a little straighter, but the pain hasn't gotten so bad that all I'm thinking about is pain. It's a narrow window and getting narrower by the day. I know it won't be too long before it's a gap and then a sliver and then, when that's gone, it'll be a constant wash of meds and pain in a never-ending cycle. James won't be inside looking out anymore after that. It'll be some poor bastard's body that hasn't had the sense to stop moving even though the soul's long gone. The soul. Well, who can get a terminal cancer diagnosis and not think about that . I don't know. I know what sounds beautiful, what's accepted by some and theorized about by others. In the end, I don't think it much matters. It's me. It's who I am, the James that exists inside this Anaplastic Rhabdomyosarcoma-riddled shell. If I take my last breath and the me part winks out of existence forever, well, what will I care? If, instead, I'm cut loose from this body – and born again, or if I just float away among the stars, I think I'll probably be okay with that too. It's a lonely journey, but it's one that everybody has to take eventually. I'm waiting to see what's behind the curtain, like everybody else. I just got seats to an earlier show than what I expected. Sure enough, in twenty minutes or so, Davy comes stomping back in the room. This time he's armed with my pain meds and a determined grimace. I take the meds meekly. No pissing and moaning this time. No bitching about the taste or the side-effects. I'll be feeling sleepy soon. The golden hour is ending for another round, infinitesimally shorter than it was last time. \"All right, you tosser,\" he says, resigned. \"I'll do it. They can dig a grave right next to yours for me if your mum ever finds out.\" He pauses as if considering something for the first time. \"Or mine. Shit.\" I chuckle and quirk a lopsided smile. Ah, Davy. \"Thank you,\" I say, meaning it. It's a strange request, I know. I'd say 'one for the books', but I'm pretty confident Davy isn't going to be telling anyone about this. He's right, my mum would raise seven kinds of hell. So would his. The morphine kicks in fast, and I'm thankful as the pain eases, but I almost want to wave goodbye to myself as my mind goes hazy and my thoughts scatter. Eventually, I sleep. I wake up in my bed and know that there's a whole piece of my day missing. Fucking morphine. I hate it and love it. I hate that I love it. It's late. Two years ago, if I'd slept all day and woke up at midnight, I'd be fucked. There'd be no way to fall back asleep again after having just clocked eight hours of unconsciousness. Now, I know I'll only be awake long enough for the next round of meds to kick in and then off I'll go until morning. It's not much of a life anymore. Sometimes Davy stays over on the sofa and takes the night shift too, but tonight it's mum that comes in and lays a cool hand on my face as I take my next round of oblivion. \"G'nite, James,\" she says as she gets up to go. Her voice is soft. I can tell she thinks I'm more asleep than I am. I spare her the knowledge that I'm awake enough to see her pain. She kisses my forehead and then gently wipes away the tear that falls on my brow and rolls towards my hair. Davy's face is the first thing I see when I wake up. He looks furtive, which I can't help but find funny with the sun streaming through his hair. It's the bright light of a glorious spring day. \"Can you help me outside?\" I ask. He wants to talk to me. I won't even pretend it's not about my shocking request from the night before. I actually feel pretty good this morning. Some days are better than others. I'm grateful for all the some days. Once I'm dressed and have my cane under me, Davy walks out with me, bearing breakfast like a valet. I let the joke go without comment. He likes to be needed, but he doesn't much like to be teased about it. I settle for a heartfelt 'Thanks, mate' as he sets out my breakfast and, of course, my next round of meds. \"I get to pick,\" he says abruptly. I raise an eyebrow at him over my tea. \"Shut up, James,\" he says irritably. \"I know well enough what you like. I'll pick. I want to make sure-\" He trails off and looks around. \"Mum and Dad are in the kitchen,\" I say, correctly guessing his concerns. \"Right.\" He lowers his voice and goes on. \"I know well enough what you like. I want to make sure everything's okay .\" \"You worried I might get sick?\" I ask with a perfectly straight face. He slouches back in his chair and gives me a disgusted look. \"I can't believe I'm going to do this for you, you absolute tosser.\" I smile and eat my breakfast. Three days later, it's Sunday. Mum and Dad have agreed to go up to Aunt Lucy's house for the day. It's sort of an enforced respite for them and for me. I know they love me, and they'd sit by my bedside all day long if I let them, but I think maybe the only thing worse than watching someone die is watching someone watch you die. They need a break and so do I. Davy's been cagey, but muttered something encouraging about going out today after Mum and Dad leave to 'get that thing we talked about'. Then he turned red and stomped out of the room again. I'm resting in my room when Mum comes in to say goodbye. \"We'll be home by seven, love,\" she says. She fusses with my blankets and smoothes my hair then she kisses me on the cheek and taps the end of my nose with her index finger. \"For luck,\" she says with a smile, and I wonder for a bewildered second if Davy has told her what he's doing today, but then I realize she's just harkening back to something she used to do when I was a boy. I bet it's been twenty years since the last time she did that. It makes me smile. The house is silent for a bit and I doze. Davy is supposed to be back by one, and I'm working my pain meds around a schedule today. It wouldn't do to be completely out of it when he gets here. I'm still feeling pretty good when I hear the front door open, then hear the voices. I feel a quick jolt of adrenaline and realize I'm nervous. Davy pops his head around the corner. \"All right, mate. I am not sticking around for this. You're on your own. Try not to…I don't know, tax yourself too much.\" The distasteful expression on his face is almost comical. \"Cheers,\" I say, but my voice is shaking and he notices. With a quick glance out into the hall, he comes the rest of the way into the room and sits next to me on the bed with his eyes narrowed. \"You alright, then?\" \"Yeah, yeah, of course,\" I reply, but I am trembling slightly and frankly, it's embarrassing. \"You want to not do this today? Reschedule, maybe?\" I can't help but laugh at the idea of everyone whipping out their calendars and trying to settle on another suitable day for something like this. \"No. Today is good. I'm just – \" I trail off. \"You nervous?\" He doesn't sound amused, for which I am thankful. I nod and blow out a shaky breath. \"It's been awhile, you know? And never like –\" I gesture towards the hallway. \"Yeah,\" he says, nodding. \"I understand.\" He stands and claps a hand to my shoulder. \"Text me when you're, – uh, ready for me to come back.\" He's at the door before I stop him again. \"Does she know?\" I ask. \"Did you tell her anything?\" \"Yeah, she knows,\" he says. \"Well, a bit, anyway. I left it for you to fill in the details.\" He raises his eyebrows and gives me a questioning look. I take a deep breath and nod and then he's gone. Five seconds pass, and then ten. I make it to twenty-five before she walks into the room. Davy was right. He does know what I like. She's lovely. I can feel my heart pounding in my chest and I wonder for a moment what the hell I was thinking. How absurd is this? Maybe I really am losing my mind. \"My name's Amanda,\" she says. Her voice is lovely too. It's low, but she's not trying to sound sultry. It's nothing artificial. She has long golden brown hair that's swept back away from her face and pinned in place. She is both exactly what I wanted and not at all what I expected. I can see her studying me, though not unkindly. She looks curious. She has an intelligent face, with sharp green eyes and a small pointed nose. She can't be more than twenty-three. \"I'm James,\" I finally remember to say and she smiles, a little lopsided twist of her lips. \"I had a feeling you might be.\" She comes more fully into the room, not bothering to hide her interest as she looks around. There's not much to see. This is the room I grew up in, but it did a stint as a guest room after I moved out and went to university. Really, I guess it's a guest room again. There's not much left of what made it mine. \"Do you mind if I sit?\" she asks, pointing at the chair next to my bed. \"Oh, of course,\" I say and slowly sit forward. \"I'm sorry. I can stand up. I just wasn't –\" \"No.\" She shakes her head and smiles. \"This is fine. I'll sit. We'll talk for a bit, and then if you want to get up, you can.\" I nod and lean back again, watching her. \"You'll have to forgive me. I've never really done anything like this before. I don't really know –\" I gesture awkwardly. \"Don't worry, James. There aren't any rules. It's just you and me.\" She adds \"No pressure,\" and smiles so widely that her eyes light up. I chuckle in appreciation. Davy did well. He'll be a smug bastard after this. \"Tell me about yourself,\" she says, leaning forward so that she is close enough to touch. \"What do you want to know?\" \"What do you want to tell me?\" \"I'm dying,\" I say and then feel like an idiot. A flicker of something crosses her face, but she doesn't frown or make sympathetic noises. \"I'm sorry,\" she says, simply, and I appreciate her lack of pity. \"Do you want to tell me more?\" \"It's cancer,\" I say. \"Rhabdomyosarcoma. But no, I don't really want to talk about it.\" \"I bet,\" she says and gives me a wistful half smile. She reaches out and takes my hand, not in any particular way, just as though she wants to be holding it. I look down at my pale, thin hand in her soft pink ones and notice that she isn't wearing nail polish. Her nails are short and well-shaped, but bare. It hadn't especially occurred to me before to notice what she was wearing, but I do now and realize that she doesn't seem at all dressed for the part. She looks downright elegant in her simple shift dress and sandals. Her hair and makeup are subtle and becoming. She looks like a college student on spring break, not a prostitute. She sees me working through this in my head and quirks that little half smile that I already feel like I recognize. She doesn't say anything though. She just waits. \"Who are you?\" I ask finally. \"My name is Amanda,\" she reminds me, with that smile. \"I'm twenty-two and I'm studying graphic design at university.\" Then she shrugs genially. \"It pays the bills; don't judge.\" I laugh out loud at that. \"As though I could.\" \"Many would anyway.\" That brings me up short, but her face is placid. \"Yeah,\" I say, nodding. \"Many would.\" \"What do you want to tell me about you, James?\" she asks. She sits back in her seat, but keeps my hand with her. She's stroking it gently, almost unconsciously, and it feels wonderful. \"I played rugby at university.\" \"It's a wonder you've kept your kept rugged good looks then. What else?\" I realize absurdly that I want to impress her. \"I'm a writer,\" I say and then I immediately want to take it back. \"What do you like to write?\" She skips all the obvious questions, and I love her just a little bit for that. \"I was going to be the next big thing in literary fiction,\" I say with a self-deprecating smile. She nods. There are no meaningless platitudes or attempts at sympathy. It's the most freeing thing I've experienced in a long time. After that I just can't shut up. I tell her everything about myself. She listens with good grace, asking questions here and there and other times just letting me ramble. I wonder if sometimes people hire prostitutes just to have someone to talk to. If NHS ever starts covering it, psychiatry will be on its way out. Potential life just seems to come off of her in waves. I have a flash of what her life will be like ten – twenty years from now and I find that I can actually see it. I wonder if she'll ever think of me years from now. If that sad, dying man she once spent a day with will ever cross her mind when she's married and has children of her own. I hope so. I hope in that one little way, I'll still be alive in the minds of someone other than my family and my friends. I have no idea how long she sits there holding my hand as we talk. Abruptly, she asks, \"Can I come and sit next to you? I'm getting a terrible crick in my neck.\" I stammer like a fool, but she just smiles and climbs up on the bed. She kicks off her sandals, and then settles down next to me with her back against the headboard, smoothing down the skirt of her dress before she reaches for my hand again. I don't know if it's her proximity or the fact that there's a woman in my bed for the first time in over two years, but I'm back to being nervous again. I'm sure she notices – she's the one holding my sweaty hand, after all – but she doesn't comment on it. Instead she asks me more questions. She's easy to talk to, and my anxiety ebbs away again in short order. It helps that she's beside me and I'm not looking at her while I talk. I can feel her eyes on me, though, and I'm a little afraid of what she must see when she looks at me. Is it ever possible to get past the fact that the person next to you is dying? We talk about a little bit of everything, except, of course, for the nearly unpronounceable elephant in the room. I don't bring it up again, and she doesn't ask. Instead we cover books and movies, compare places we've traveled to; she's been to California, but has never seen Norway. Both of us have been to Greece. Neither of us has made it to Egypt. She asks about the massive print of stars that hangs on the slanted wall above us, so I slide down until I am laying flat on my back and tug her down next to me. I point out the Milky Way, the Pleiades and the stars that make up Cassiopeia. She asks me which is my favorite, and I show her how to find Alnitak, Alnilam and Mintaka, the stars that make up Orion's belt. She's laying with her head half on my chest and half on a pillow, listening attentively with one elegant hand lying across my sternum. Gently she begins to stroke my chest with just the tips of her fingers. It's lovely. I don't really know how to tell her what I need to tell her, but I guess it's as good a time as any and any way is better than no way. \"Listen,\" I say, feeling awkward. \"I really ought to tell you that I, uh, I can't actually – I'm not able to…you know.\" \"Oh?\" she looks surprised, but not taken aback. Her fingers continue to trace up and down my chest. \"Is it because of the –\" \"It's the meds,\" I admit. \"Morphine.\" \"But you have done it before ?\" I laugh. \"Yes, but it's been some time ago. I broke up with Cecily when I found out I was sick, so that was…two years ago, I guess? Something like that.\" Her fingers stop moving for a moment and she looks up at me. \"You broke up with your girlfriend so she wouldn't have to watch you go through this?\" I nod. \"Don't think I was being all magnanimous or anything. It wasn't like we were headed to the altar. We had fun together, but she's not the kind of girl you go through something like this with.\" I hesitate and then add, \"For her sake and mine.\" Amanda kisses me then. Full on the lips, her eyes closed and fingers curled into my shirt. I can't do much, but I can do this. I kiss her back, savoring the softness of her mouth over mine, the sweetness of her breath and then the warmth of her tongue as she eases it past my lips. God, it's been so long I almost don't remember what to do. But she's patient and, slowly, it comes back to me. For a little while, at least, I lose myself in Amanda. She is gentle and thorough, and I allow myself to enjoy the pretty fiction that she desires me. I roll onto my side, and she obligingly shifts to her back so that I can look down at her. She isn't smiling, but her eyes sparkle and she's looking straight at me. I prop myself up on one arm and sweep her hair off to the side so that I can kiss the curve of her neck. She sighs and buries her fingers in the back of my hair just where it curls, holding me close. It's bliss. I explore her face thoroughly with my hands and lips, memorizing the soft contours of her jaw, her brow, the tiny scar at the corner of her mouth. Her lips are extraordinary and she closes her eyes as I trace them, first with a finger, and then my tongue. She sucks in a breath and I capture it with my lips, kissing her with everything I have. Oh, I needed this; to feel, to forget, to remember what it's like to hold life between my hands. I'm a little breathless and pause for a moment, looking down at her. \"You're not what I expected,\" I say. \"Neither are you,\" she replies. I'm not sure I've ever loved anything as much as I love that little half smile. \"What do you want, James?\" She's looking up at me, threading her fingers through my hair again. \"What can I give you?\" I can feel my pulse ratchet up and am absurdly pleased that I am still capable of this feeling. The morphine hasn't stolen everything from me yet. \"I'd like very much to touch you,\" I say. I can't look her in the eye as I say it. \"I'd like that,\" she says and her eyes are sincere. She slides off of the bed and pulls her dress over her head in one smooth motion. Beneath, she is wearing simple panties and a bra. They're cream colored and made of some silky material, nothing elaborate or designed for enticement. I'm glad. She wouldn't have needed it anyway. Her skin is rosy in the glow of the sunlight and my breath catches in my throat as I look at her. She slides the clips out of her hair so that it falls loose around her shoulders and then she smiles at me. I have the sudden inane desire to ring Davy and just yell 'Thank you!' into the phone. She climbs back on the bed and lies facing me across a few inches of pillow. I can feel the warmth coming off of her and it seems to heat my body too. My breath is coming short, and I reach for her because I'll die if I don't. Her skin is softer than I even imagined. It's been so long since I've touched a woman like this – that it's almost too much, and my hand shakes. I trail my knuckles down her arm, raising goose bumps. She shivers and closes her eyes and I feel a surge of triumph that I've given her some tiny amount of pleasure. \"Please,\" I say, and then I have to swallow; my throat is dry. \"Please, lay on your back.\" She complies without comment, but she's watching me still, her honey-colored hair spread out across my pillow like a halo. I have to overcome my reserve. All the women I've been with before were there because they wanted to be, and this is a strange bridge to cross. Amanda is here because I want her to be, but it's an awkward adjustment. She sees my hesitation and reaches across the divide for me. She takes my hand and places it on her chest, so that my fingers just graze the ridge of her collar bone. \"Touch me, James,\" she says softly. \"I want you to.\" Her hand covers mine, still guiding my nerveless fingers. She moves lower, covering her breast with my hand trapped between hers and the slick material of her bra. I can feel the hard bud of her nipple under my palm, and I'm pretty sure the moan I hear is my own. I am shaking in earnest now, and hard. God, I'm so hard. I can't remember the last time I had an erection. I hadn't thought it was still possible. My body is reacting to her, not just my mind, and I nearly weep at the unsubtle reminder that this was once a man's body, capable of pleasuring and taking pleasure in a woman. Amanda's eyes are heavy-lidded. She releases my hand and reaches for the clasp of her bra, tossing it aside as she frees her breasts. I let my breath out all in a great whoosh and she smiles. \"Now, touch me, James.\" And I do. God help me, I couldn't have resisted the urge to worship her body then if my own parents had come back into the room. I touch all of her, not just the gentle swell of her breasts, but her wrists, her thighs, the indentation at the back of her knees, the curve of her waist, her belly button – that makes her laugh and convulse under my touch, the hollow at the base of her throat, the thin skin on the inside of her arms, everywhere. I paint her with my hands, and taste her, and breathe in her scent. I can smell her arousal and it's a victory. She's panting and her eyes are unfocused and I'm so proud it's visceral. I lower my head and take her nipple into my mouth, reveling in the tiny sounds she doesn't seem to realize she's making. With my free hand I cover her other breast and then drift lower, brushing my palm across the flat plane of her belly until I get to the silky edge of her panties. I dip my fingers below the waistband and she startles beneath me. \"James,\" she says. \"You don't have to –\" \"Please\", I say, breathing the word against the damp skin of her breast. \"Please. This is what I want.\" And it is. She regards me seriously for a moment and then nods and relaxes beneath my touch. Finally, she lets out a breath and her eyes flutter closed. My fingers slide into her wet heat and I shudder as she arches beneath me with a gasp. I'm almost certain I hear her say my name. I ache and I can't tell if it's because I need my meds or because of the wanting. I don't care and it doesn't matter. Her wetness covering my fingers is the only thing I care about right now. The soft skin of her belly under my cheek and her heaving chest, her fingers twined in my hair, her gentle, gasping breaths; these are the only things that exist at this moment. I move my hand slowly, watching her flex her hips to meet my fingers. It's the most beautiful, primal thing I can imagine and I watch her with hungry eyes. I lift my head and rest my weight on my arm so that I can see her face. She has her head tilted back and her eyes closed. Her lips are parted and fine beads of sweat stand out on her brow. My God. I duck my head and taste her breasts, never ceasing the steady motion of my hand. I can feel her heart thudding in her chest, and hear her rapid breathing. Right now I'm not 'that poor boy, James, the one with cancer' – I'm the man that's giving this woman pleasure. It's a powerful feeling, and that's not something I get to experience much these days. Her hands are grasping at me, the force of her hips growing erratic. She's cresting the wave and I want to watch her as she falls over the other side. I increase the pressure of my fingers and move faster. \"James!\" her voice is breathy and desperate and I want to be able to fuck her so badly it brings tears to my eyes. \"Come for me, Amanda,\" I say, blinking away salt water. \"Please, let me watch you come.\" Her body goes still, tight around my fingers, her back bowed off the bed, her mouth open in a silent cry as she crashes to her completion, and it's exactly what I wanted, exactly what I needed. When she finally opens her eyes again, I am smiling down at her. It's an honest smile, one of the few I've mustered in recent months. I'm starting to hurt again, but for this moment my smug satisfaction is enough to carry me a little further. \"Wow,\" she says, wide-eyed and then she laughs and rolls towards me and presses herself along my length, sharing the heat of her exertion. She kisses me, and then pulls away with a slightly puzzled expression. \"I didn't think you could – \" I close my eyes and roll onto my back. I can practically see the golden hour coming to a close. Goddammit. \"I'm sorry,\" she says. \"No,\" I say, \"No, don't be sorry. \" I cover my eyes with my hand, not relishing the idea of letting her see the pain on my face. \"It's the meds. The fucking meds.\" I pound a fist into the mattress and then laugh, bitterly. \"Can't live with 'em, can't function without 'em. Fuck.\" I raise up, looking for the bottle I know Davy left on my dresser. \"James.\" Amanda's voice is gentle, but, bless her, there is still no pity there. She's sitting up next to me, completely unself-conscious of her gloriously flushed, naked body. \"How long?\" she asks. She's already reaching for the buttons on my shirt, bearing me gently back down to the mattress. \"How long?\" \"Until it's too much to stand.\" She finishes the last two buttons and pushes my shirt open, her hands spreading across my chest. \"How long can you wait until you have to take it?\" I'm honestly baffled until she reaches down and cups me through the thin fabric of my pants. I react on an animal level, thrusting up into her hand and gasping. Two years is a long time to go without the intimate touch of a woman. \"I don't know,\" I say, honestly, but I'm thinking it won't be long. I'm still hard; my body still yearning for her, but soon the pain will be too much. This dull ache will turn into wildfire and I'll be mindless with need, not for her, but for the bottle of morphine on the other side of the room. There's that smile again. \"Then I'd better not waste any more time.\" She doesn't. The only thing she stops to do is help me pull my pants down over my hips. I see her wince at the size of the bandage that covers the wound on my hip, but she doesn't comment. I'm laying on my bed, naked from the waist down, my shirt pushed apart and she's floating over me like something out of a dream. She's careful, so gentle, with me. She straddles my waist, making sure she's nowhere near the ugly square of cotton that covers my rhabdo mutilated flesh. She puts me inside her with clever fingers and eases down so slowly that I think I might lose my mind. The pain's there, distant, but waiting for me. I close my eyes and focus on her instead, blocking out the ache in my bones in favor of the paradise of her body wrapped around mine. This was a joy I'd thought I was beyond, an unexpected oasis of mercy in a desert of pain and hated medicines. This was living, and not dying, for now, just for now. I think suddenly of the box of condoms that Davy had wordlessly chucked in my nightstand drawer the day before. \"Amanda,\" I say, before the thought vanishes. I reluctantly loosen a hand from the lush swell of her hips and try to point at the drawer. \"I have – \" \"Shh,\" she says and purposefully places my hand back on her body, rising over me once more. \"Are you – do you – are you on birth control?\" It feels like it should be a stupid question, but I know, if she doesn't, that this may be the one part of my anatomy that my treatment plan didn't completely destroy. \"No, James,\" she says. Her hand caresses my cheek, gently. \"Shh, now. Don't worry. It's okay.\" For a brief second I have this ridiculous flash of fear that if I do this, if I give into the feeling that's begun to rise up, if I spill myself inside her, that I might give her my cancer. I'd laugh at the idea of cancer as an STI if she weren't looking down at me with those eyes. \"Do this for me,\" she says. \"Please.\" Her voice is soft, but insistent, demanding. She rises and falls, riding me oh so gently, and it's the most overwhelming pleasure I have ever experienced. It's no contest, really. I don't have the strength, physical or otherwise, to stop her. I couldn't stem the tide rising in me now if what was left of my life depended on it. I can't thrust, at least not much, but it doesn't matter. She can tell I'm close and she does the work for me. She lifts and settles, rocking her hips, taking me deeper into her welcoming heat until the world goes white and, with a cry, I lose myself entirely and come, shuddering, for the last time. When the haze of completion passes, the pain is there waiting for me, but so is Amanda. She's by my bed, still naked, the bottle of morphine held out to me with that smile. \"Care for a cocktail?\" I wish I could laugh, but I reach for it a bit desperately with my hands shaking. She stops me and unscrews the cap, helping to support my head while I drink. I don't want oblivion just now so I try to go easy. I hand the bottle back to her and sag back on the bed. This is the worst part, waiting for my wretched body to process the drugs. I don't actually notice for several minutes that Amanda has gotten back into bed and is wrapped loosely around me, touching as much of me as she can without putting any of her weight on me. As the edge comes off the pain, I find that I can enjoy this. It's nearly as heavenly to have her wrapped around me as it was to be inside her. I think that maybe I needed this part more than the other. I turn my head so that I'm speaking into the fragrant curtain of her hair on the pillow next to me. \"Thank you,\" I whisper. She doesn't reply. I wonder for a moment if she's fallen asleep, but when I look down at her, her eyes are open. She's staring up at the stars again. \"I wish I'd met you sooner,\" she says. I chuckle and shift so that I can bring her closer. I wrap my arms around her shoulders and stroke the damp skin of her back. I love the feeling of her hair brushing my bare chest. \"You wouldn't have been nearly so taken with me back then,\" I say, certain that it's true. She's silent again for a while, and I wonder what the time is getting to. I want, more than anything, to stay here, wrapped up in this woman's arms, forever if possible, but the reasonable side of my mind reminds me that Davy's expecting a text and that my parents aren't going to stay gone all day. \"We have almost an hour,\" she says as if reading my mind. \"Unless you'd like me to go so you can rest?\" \"No –,\" I say too loudly and then chuckle. \"That was meant to sound much more nonchalant than it did.\" I can feel her vibrate with her own suppressed laugh. \"I prefer the honesty, actually. I get tired of artifice.\" \"So do I.\" She rolls onto her elbows so that she can look me in the face. Her eyes are serious. \"Are you frightened?\" I have to think for a moment. Fear has become such an integral part of my life – fear of death, fear of pain, fear of loss – it all kind of blurs together into one endless, gut-churning horror, but right now? \"No,\" I say. \"Sometimes I am, but not right now.\" She nods and reaches up to touch my face, her gaze intent as if she's committing me to memory. I hope she is. I hope she remembers me. Somehow, I know she will. I could be deluding myself, of course. Doesn't every man want to be the one that makes an impression? Maybe it's a consolation prize from the universe for the rest of the shitty hand I've been dealt, but somehow, someway I know; I've made as big a mark on her life as she has on mine. And that's an incredible gift. \"Thank you for not treating me like I'm pitiful.\" She leans over and kisses me again, on my brow and then my lips. Her eyes are inches from mine, a green so vivid they're like emeralds. \"You're dying,\" she says, brushing my hair away from my face. \"That doesn't make you pitiful. That makes you human.\" By the time Davy arrives, she's dressed and freshened up and looks as put-together now as she did when she walked in five hours ago. He knocks softly on the door and eases it open at my invitation. There's a wide, curious expression on his face, but at least he's got the sense not to say anything. I'm standing, leaning heavily on my cane. She helped me get my pants and shirt reassembled, but I can still feel her all over me like a second skin. It's a sensation I'll cling to for as long as I can. Amanda is slipping her sandals back on and I want her to stay so badly I think my heart might pound straight out of my chest. I don't say anything though. Even if I could, it makes no sense to invite her into my life now. If I asked, if I said, 'Please come back tomorrow,' I think she would, but all I would be doing is forcing misery on her later and that's no kindness. There's no trace of sadness on her face when she turns to me to say goodbye. It's there, it's in her eyes, but she wants her smile to be the last thing I see and it fills me with warmth. I touch her face again, smoothing my hand across her cheek. She closes her eyes and tilts her face toward me. I kiss her again, but softly, tenderly, trying to say thank you without having to put it to words. She's given me more than just her body today, she's given me back part of my soul and I think it's enough to see me through to the end. The emptiness I feel at her departure leaves a hollow place in my chest. I should lie down, but I'm filled with restless energy. I move aimlessly around the house until my parents come home and then I retreat back to my room and collapse back on my bed. I need solitude for a while longer. I'm breathing heavily, but it takes a moment for me to realize that I can still smell her. Turning, I bury my face in my pillow and yes, there it is: the fresh, sweet scent of her hair. I picture her lying next to me, her eyes bright and smiling up at me and then I smile myself, tears leaking from the corners of my eyes as I fall asleep. Davy's helping me clean up the room later, switching out the sheets so mom won't have to. He doesn't say anything when I ask him to leave the pillowcases on. I hear him make an odd noise and look up from my reverie. \"What's that?\" I ask. \"You didn't use a condom?\" he says, accusatory. He's shaking my bedsheet at me and the absurdity of it makes me laugh until I can hardly breathe. \"You're joking, right?\" \"No, I'm not joking, James. What if –\" and then he breaks off with a shocked expression and realizes what he's saying. \"Oh, fucking hell.\" His tone is matter of fact. He balls up the sheets and stomps out of my room yet again. Three weeks later it's my birthday and the car is packed up for our last trip to Barafundle. It's me and Davy and Bill and Miles and I wish I could say it was going to be just like old times, but I know it's not. He's not thinking when he says it. Bill has never been one for tact. \"I suppose, one day, we'll live on in our kids,\" he pontificates as we lie around the campfire that night. The haze of pot smoke blurs both the crystal night sky above us and the sharp edges of our minds. I don't know if the others even caught it. I hope not. I don't want them to feel guilty. I'm tired of people feeling sorry for me. It's a bit of a blessing when someone forgets I'm sick and talks of normal things. I think of her, suddenly, of that half smile and those flashing green eyes. With my eyes closed, I can almost see her, months from now, with a rounded belly and the distant look of a woman whose life has turned inward. He'll have her eyes, but my dark hair, and it will curl, like mine. He'll hate it, like I did, but she'll keep it long and tousle his head when she walks by just to run her fingers through it. She'll think of me sometimes, of what the dying man who fathered her child might have been like. She'll wonder about me and she'll love my son. And what more could I ask for than that? A tear slips free from my closed lids, but it's not sadness this time. I think – I'm almost positive – that she'll call him James. A/N: Like so many before me, Third Star got into my head and refused to leave. This was meant to be an exorcism of sorts, but I'm not sure that it didn't embed James even more indelibly in my mind than he already was. This whole thing was inspired by Bill's gut-wrenching line, 'I suppose, one day, we'll live on in our kids'. Once struck with the idea, I sat down and wrote it in less than 36 hours. \"So I raise a morphine toast to you all. And, if you happen to remember that it's the anniversary of my birth, remember that you were loved by me. And that you made my life a happy one, and there's no tragedy in that.\" ","Summary":" Golden Hour By: Tallulah \"Please, Davy.\" Davy's looking at me like I've lost my mind, and maybe I"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Dust And Tap Dancing","Author":"Gwen's Blue Box","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9244892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Sorry! I know. It's just...like \"being\", 'is-ness' I can't help but see myself...like the dust dancing in the flickerlight of a projector at the cinema. A million atoms of constant... sort of is-ness... […] Picture me tap dancing across the firmament and I'll be well satisfied! […] After your 'dancing across the stars', you want to hear that I think there's nothing? That you're going to rot and that's it?\" Third Star The first time it happens, he is sitting in bar, with some colleagues of his. Having a few drinks, after a long and successful day at work. Chloe's waiting for him at home, together with the girls, probably, but some evenings, he just can't bring himself to go home immediately. She's the one, no doubt, but though… he sometimes needs time on his own, just like before. So he's spending this Thursday evening with colleagues from work. He still does it, his job. Couldn't bring himself to give it up. In the nights he can't find any sleep, he often finds himself sitting in front of his notebook, staring at the words he has written. Once. A long time ago. Words he had never intended to read again. He just sits there, for minutes, maybe for hours, while Chloe and the girls are sleeping soundly in their beds, and stares. Stares at the words and can't seem to see them nonetheless. And, as he has found out with shock, even thinks about trying to find a publisher for the crap he's written. So many times, he has been about to send copies to various publishers, to ask for… But he never does it. Always hesitates before sending the e-mail, and then deletes everything he has originally intended to send. Bugger, he then thinks. Bugger, bugger, bugger, bugger. After slamming his notebook shut, he returns to bed, listens to Chloe's peaceful breathing, tries to lose himself in her scent – and finally manages to fall asleep again, usually shortly before his alarm rings and wakes him, to face another day at work. So, this evening. There's a full pint standing in front of him, two glasses already emptied. He's laughing and joking, as he always is, senseless banter. Even starting to talk about new ads, new strategies… talking about the job. Sometimes, he already starts to wonder if he's slowly becoming a square. And as he's sitting there, listening to some joke he actually doesn't pay any attention to, he suddenly notices something. Dust, clearly visible in the electric light falling from the ceiling. Dust, seeming almost… to defy gravity. Words come to his mind, unbidden, but forceful. About tap dancing… and dust. Closing his eyes briefly and deciding that he needs to take a holiday, he raises his pint and downs a good third of it in a few large gulps. Time to have fun. When he returns home that night, he switches on his notebook and stares at the large text document. Chloe calls him from the bedroom, and he decides that everything else can wait. This bloody book can wait at least one more day, as it has been waiting for so many years now. This night, he sleeps soundly himself, Chloe in his arms. It happens again. This time, he's just watching some strange, supposedly romantic movie, together with Chloe – and only because he promised her so. In the cinema. It's a crap movie, in his opinion, some dudes just talking and talking and talking… about everything, it seems. Always so damn honest and sincere. But Chloe seems to enjoy it, so he keeps his mouth shut. Doesn't comment on anything, not even one sarcastic remark. The thing is, that's what he's good at. Being a cynist. Definitely not at talking, not with the real, serious stuff. Some blokes right behind him just don't want to shut up, and it's slowly starting to bloody annoy him. He doesn't want to hear anything about that guy's problems in his relationship, or about the other one's problems with shagging. He grits his teeth and simply tries to ignore them, ignore their fucking little pissy voices. Doesn't work, though, and when one of them suddenly starts to decribe his latest experience with a young girl in a public telephone box, he's had enough. Quickly, he turns around and tries to look at them in an intimidating way. \"Would it be possible for you to just shut up?,\" he asks. Chloe's hand is on his arm. \"Darling,\" she begins, but he cuts her off. \"Just watch this bloody movie and keep your fucking mouths shut, yeah? There are people here who actually want to watch it!\" And this is the moment when it happens again. Right when he's staring at those annoying blokes, when he's staring to the back of the cinema, to the projector… there's the dust again. Dust, dancing. In flickering light. Dust. Tap dancing. Damn words. \"Whataya starin' at?\" one of the guys suddenly teases him. \"Lost it, he?\" In fact, Miles does. He loses it, jumps up from his seat and throws a solid fist into that moron's face, hear his nose break with a satisfying crack. People are yelling around him, blood is colouring his knuckles, Chloe looks at him with a shocked expression on her face – but Miles feels better. He doesn't say anything as he is escorted out of the cinema by two members of staff or as Chloe follows him, still somewhat stunned. When they have reached the door, he throws one look back – the dust is still there, still visible in the colourful light of the cinema projector. Damn it, he can't help to think, but somehow, a smile appears on his lips. Better not to tell Chloe that it is due to his dead best friend that he has been thrown out of that bloody cinema. In that night, after they're home again, Miles decides to talk to Chloe. Maybe to apologise, that's what he should do. They've soon covered apologising – Chloe knows him, and understands him, and so he doesn't need to make many words. Soon, they are entangled in each other's limbs, dazed and exhausted, but there is still one thing Miles cannot stop thinking about. \"Chloe,\" he whispers. She only hums in response. \"Do you…\" Difficult. Why is he actually doing this? Well, he knows why. He knows bloody why. Damn it, James. \"Do you think there is something after death?\" Out. Finally. \"What,\" Chloe mumbles sleepily. \"I… I don't know. Maybe. Can't we talk about that… tomorrow?\" Miles kisses her and watches her fall asleep. Hasn't answered his question. Tomorrow. He doesn't think he will be able to utter that bloody question again, not during… daylight. Never mind. Because as he studies the thin layer of dust covering their nightstand and then gazes out of the window, into the starry firmament, he thinks he has found his answer. That's what I decided after my Dad died. – Really? – Yeah. Not really, no. Just an easy solution. \"You bugger,\" he mumbles. Eight months later, his first book is published. The book he finished years ago, the book that has spent the past few years as a text document on his bloody computer. The book James has read and has found to be good. Published. He's become an author, somehow, and as he presses Chloe close and smiles into the cameras of the photographers waiting, he suddenly feels alive again. And whenever someone asks him what the dedication in his book means – You bugger. Look what you've done. – he simply smiles and remembers the dust dancing in the flicker-light of the cinema projector. ","Summary":" \" Sorry! I know. It's just...like \"being\", 'is-ness' I can't help but see myself...like the dust"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Totally Unfair and Utterly Painful","Author":"Cumberbatch Critter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8601910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Totally Unfair and Utterly Painful This. This was why he didn't want to come on this journey! This was the exact reason that he hadn't wanted to come along with them...! He stumbled on the rocks, slipping slightly on the uneven ground. He wouldn't stand around to watch his best friend- He looked towards the water, sighing heavily. The other two might be okay with it. Might have... accepted it or something. Miles didn't know. But, he knew that he had gone through this, this cancer thing, before. He wasn't exactly excited to have to experience it all over again. First, his dad. Now, his best friend. How the hell could he just accept it? Accept that all the people that he loved were dying? He just couldn't - He kicked a rock, watching it roll into the water. Life was unfair. He had no right to complain, he knew. He just had to look at James and he knew that he had no right to complain, except that he really did . It was just, if he complained, he was the bad guy. He just wanted to yell and scream and cause a fuss, but then, what good would that do? That would just cause more trouble, more annoyance, more fussing over things that he would rather ignore. He'd rather just laugh it all off, even if that wasn't exactly that thing that they should be doing, either. It was just all a bunch of messed up confusion. Just a bunch of crap that they all had to deal with. The same bunch of crap that he was supposed to be dealing with, but he knew that he wasn't. Bill wandered up next to him, thumping him on the back. He glanced at him, his eyes searching Bill's. He didn't know how they did this, Bill and Davy. He didn't know how they could just handle it, just watch James wither away before their eyes... He let out a breath, accompanying Bill to look at the ocean once again. They had to do this. He had to do this. For James, just for James... Even if, in dying, James was killing him, too. I admit, I didn't like Miles at first, but once it became clear that he was hurting so much more than he let on, I had a newfound appreciation for him. Especially after the end of the movie. So, a snippet into Miles's mind; set in the part where James was complaining about Bill, when his medication was getting to him and he was feeling ill, and Miles got up and walked away. Reviews are appreciated and encouraged. :D Thanks. ","Summary":" Totally Unfair and Utterly Painful This. This was why he didn't want to come on this journey! This "},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Dear James","Author":"Saviera Azusa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9376224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warning: AU, typo. Third Star © Hattie Dalton and Vaughan Sivell Hai Jim. Tak terasa satu tahun bergulir tanpa kehadiran tawa, senyum, dan candamu. Aku tahu ini sangat konyol, menulis surat untuk seseorang yang jelas-jelas tidak mungkin kembali. Tapi aku ingin kau tahu bahwa kami tidak pernah sedetikpun melupakanmu. Kenangan tentangmu terlalu banyak untuk dilupakan. Kami merindukanmu kawan, maka itulah hari ini kami mengunjungi lagi Barafundle Bay. Ya, tempat dimana terakhir kali kami tertawa bersamamu. Keretamu masih mengapung diantara karang-karang tajam, jika kau ingin tahu. Hanya saja tas-tas itu hilang. Mungkin si pria bodoh penggila Star Wars itulah yang mengambilnya. Oh ingatkah kau kepada si penjual tiket kapal ferry? Ketika kami kemari, ia menanyakanmu. Itu benar-benar membuat Miles hampir terkena serangan jantung. Oh ya kini Miles telah menikahi kakak perempuanmu, kawan. Kau seharusnya lihat betapa cocok dan bahagianya mereka. Bill pekan lalu akhirnya mendapatkan pekerjaan yang benar-benar ia inginkan. Itu membuatnya bahagia dan tidak uring-uringan lagi. Dan aku, eh, aku masih menganggur. Kau boleh menertawakanku, sobat. Yah kami baik-baik saja, setidaknya, kau tidak perlu khawatir. Dear Jim Aku teringat akan apa yang kau katakan tempo lalu bahwa kami tidak mengerti apa yang kau rasakan. Itu tidak benar, Jim. Kami memang tidak secara langsung merasakan apa yang kau derita. Tapi kami dapat merasa kesakitan yang semakin hari semakin menusuk jika mengingat dirimu. Entah apapun yang kau minta, yang kau katakan, dan yang kau maki, kami sesungguhnya selalu berpegangan pada suatu harapan dan keajaiban kecil agar dapat melihatmu kembali dengan senyum merekah dan tawa yang memecah langit malam bertabur bintang. Dari kami untuk mu, sahabatku. Davy, Bill, Miles. Davy berdiri di tepi pantai, memegang sebuah botol kaca bekas berisi sedikit cairan morfin milik James yang di dalamnya terdapat sepucuk surat yang di gulung rapi. Matanya berkaca-kaca. Disebelah kanannya, Miles memegang erat bahu Davy sambil sesekali menghapus air matanya yang tak dapat terbendung. Sedangkan Bill menangis dalam diam. Tak peduli dengan air matanya yang sudah membasahi pipinya sejak mereka datang. Cahaya matahari mulai nampak malu dari balik celah-celah awan yang mengepul. Ombak kini telah menghantam pinggang mereka dengan ganas, menandakan air pasang mulai datang. \"Jim. Tak banyak yang bisa aku sampaikan. Tapi, kami semua ingin kau tahu bahwa kami sangat-sangat merindukanmu. Kuharap kau bisa bahagia di alam sana.\" Ucap Davy sambil menghanyutkan botol kaca itu ditengah ganasnya ombak pantai Barafundle. A/N: terlalu menghayati filmnya. Jadi begitu kedapetan ide, saya langsung nulis ini. Takut keburu males~ :') ","Summary":" Warning: AU, typo. Third Star © Hattie Dalton and Vaughan Sivell Hai Jim. Tak terasa satu tahun ber"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Third Star to the Right","Author":"Elder Schraderham","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8997535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Deep Deep Deeper Falling into a deep subconscious Into an oblivion of nothing An oblivion of space Of time Of imagination It's whatever I want it to be Heaven Hell Or to even roam the earth It doesn't matter Nothing matters The deep aqua water filled my ill lungs I didn't fight It was natural It was what I wanted To die peacefully Drowning is the most peaceful way to go It was for the best The plan was held through all along It was my little secret Listened to no one It was all going my way 'To Pembrookshire!' I declared With my best friends, nothing could go wrong We had our laughs We had our fights We joked We fought But we're friends to the end Despite everything Best friends till death separates us My death… I don't want it separating anyone Friends Family Staying together Help my family get through this It will be hard I am sorry I'm sorry about this I'm sorry to cause you suffering I'm sorry to cause you pain I'm sorry to cause you sadness I'm sorry I'm sorry It was for the best Please forgive me I did it out of love I did it to escape the pain I did it to escape the suffering It was unbearable It was easy It was quick And I am sorry Don't forget me Don't forget who I was| The man I was before all of this And to that A toast of morphine to you all I loved you all It was for the best If you need me I'll be the third star to the right I'll be there Looking down at you all I'll be there I'll be there I'll never leave you And someday We will all be reunited again I will wait till that day comes again I love you all with all my cancer filled heart I'll be there I'll never leave I'll be at the third star to the right ","Summary":" Deep Deep Deeper Falling into a deep subconscious Into an oblivion of nothing An oblivion of space "},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Third Star to the Right","Author":"thattookaturnforthenerdy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9330876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] God she is beautiful, James thought. He ran his hand over her smooth black hair, watching as the early morning light shone over her bare skin. Guinevere stirred and turned over, worming her way deeper into his arms. James smiled and kissed her forehead, inhaling her sweet strawberry scent. God, he thought as he burrowed his nose into her hair, breathing in deeply, I could lie in bed all day. Her eyelids fluttered open, revealing her marvelous violet eyes to James' gaze. \"Good morning beautiful.\" He whispered, kissing the tip of her nose. Guinevere smiled languidly, stretching out her legs and wrapping her arms tight around him. \"Good morning; what time is it?\" She peered over his shoulder to get a look at the clock. \"It's 10.30; were you not meeting your parents for breakfast this morning?\" She asked, raising an eyebrow at him. \"I decided to cancel. I would rather spend the morning with you.\" He answered, pulling the sheet farther up around their intertwined bodies. \"James, they are your parents. You have not seen them in weeks.\" She chastised, sitting up. James sighed. \"I'm twenty-five; I don't have to see my parent's every day.\" Guinevere rolled her eyes and pushed against James' shoulder playfully. \"No, but they love you. So, get out of bed and put your clothes on.\" She commanded. \"Gwen, I would rather spend the morning here.\" He teased, running his fingers on her leg, over the sheet. \"James, just go.\" She insisted. James sighed. He knew that she was being so damn insistent because her parents had died when she was young; ever since they had started dating a year ago, she had been very clear that she adored his parents. Moreover, they loved her in return; it only got annoying when she pushed him to visit them. James loved his parents, but he was a young man and he did not want to spend all of his time with them. He wanted to spend his time with Gwen, and writing. He enjoyed his bohemian lifestyle – he tried writing, and she painted while working at a gallery part-time. They lived in a shabby one-bedroom flat, and had been for the past four months. Dating for little more than a year, James was quite sure that Gwen was the woman for him. He could still remember their first meeting, at a party his friend Bill had thrown for his girlfriend. ɤ James was bored; utterly and completely bored. Bill had been dating the same woman for two years but James honestly could not be bothered to remember her name. He finished the dregs of his second beer, intending to leave the pub where Bill had thrown a party to celebrate what's-her-name getting a promotion. He gathered up his tan jacket and threw it on over his head, putting on his red wool hat and drawing up the hood. James stood and paid for his drinks, and walked over to where Bill was sitting with his girlfriend. He knew his friend was unhappy with her; everyone knew it, but he was too much of a coward to break up with her. \" Hey mate, I'm going.\" He said, clapping a hand on Bill's shoulder. \" Oh James, the party's just got started!\" His friend yelled loudly. James shook his head. \"I've got to be up early for work tomorrow – first day at the call center.\" He insisted, giving his friend a sad smile. \" Alright, if you must.\" Bill said, clapping James' hand before turning back to his girl. James quickly waved goodbye to Miles and Davy before heading to the pub entrance. It was then that she had walked in. The door opened, allowing in a cold burst of air. James shivered and looked down, shoving his hands in his jeans pockets. When he looked up, he saw a vision standing in the doorway. His mouth went dry as his mind tried to form a coherent thought as he stood staring at the woman in the pub entrance. She had shoulder-length black hair, the color of a raven's feathers, and it looked just as soft, he thought. Her skin was creamy pale, what showed of it. She had full, pale pink lips and a cute button nose. When she took her jacket off and turned to face the pub, and James, he got the first sight of her mesmerizing purple eyes. At the time, James had thought she was wearing contacts. It was only later that he would find out she suffered from a gene mutation known as 'Alexandria's Genesis'. James licked his lips as she hung her jacket up, her royal blue jumper highlighting every one of her features – hair, skin, and eyes. She turned and walked up to the bar, ordering a ginger ale. James quickly checked the mirror above the bar, making sure he looked fine. After giving himself the thumbs-up, he approached. \" Chilly out, isn't it?\" He asked, holding a hand up for another beer. The bartender winked at him and chuckled. \" Quite chilly; then again, it is November.\" She pointed out, turning to look at him. As she did, she quite lost her voice. Her eyes immediately flitted to his aquamarine globes, noticing their depth and intelligence. His eyes were truly the window to his soul, she thought. He certainly had a unique look, and with his hat and hoodie, he looked like a boy angel. His aquiline features stood out in the dim lighting of the pub and she noticed how different he looked from any boy she had ever seen – with his high cheekbones and deep Cupid's bow. \" True enough.\" James admitted. \"I'm James.\" He held out his hand for a shake. \" Guinevere.\" She shook his hand, feeling the soft skin of his pianist's fingers. \" Guinevere.\" James tasted the name on his tongue for the first time, and he had never looked back. \"Can I buy you a drink?\" He asked. At just that moment, the bartender brought over his beer and her ginger ale. \" I already have one.\" She laughed. \"How about the next one?\" \" The next one.\" He agreed, smiling at her pealing laughter. ɤ \"Besides, I have to go to work at noon.\" She chided him, nudging him out of bed. \"Alright, alright, I'm getting up.\" James gave in, holding his hands in the air. \"When do you get off work?\" He asked, rifling around on the floor for a clean pair of jeans. \"Six; should I expect dinner on the table?\" Guinevere asked, getting out of bed herself and heading for the kitchen. \"Yeah!\" James called, putting his favorite tan hoodie on. \"I was going to make beans and chicken – is that all right?\" He asked, walking into the kitchen and wrapping his arms around Gwen from behind. Guinevere smiled and took a drink of her coffee. \"Is that all you know how to make?\" \"Yes I think it is.\" He admitted, kissing her cheek. Guinevere smiled, setting her cup down and turning around in his embrace for more. His hands gripped her waist, drawing her nearer him, but never able to bring her close enough. If it were possible, he would wish they could get close enough to meld together – him and his purple-eyed lover. As their lips met in a sweet melding of souls, he imagined them in rocking chairs on the beach, holding hands as an old couple, watching great-grandchildren running through the sand. \"I've got to go if I'm going to meet them.\" He said gently, kissing her one last time. \"Alright.\" She extricated herself from his arms and smiled. \"Oh, when is the annual pilgrimage to Barafungle Bay with the mates?\" She asked, taking another sip of coffee. \"That's next weekend – I'm already packed, and we'll all have cell phones for emergencies. Mine will probably be off the whole time, so be warned.\" \"Go to breakfast.\" She drew him for another goodbye kiss before he left, leaving her lips tingling with the memory of him. ɤ James fell against the wall of the flat, his legs burning with the exhaustion of his run. They gave out from under him and he fell with a CRASH to the floor. He cried out at the burning pain as it hit him in full force. Never before had he experienced this pain after a run. Guinevere was currently out, at work at the gallery. She would not be home for hours and James had the dread impression that he needed to see a doctor immediately. Days before his twenty-eighth birthday, and he had to go to the damned doctor. He reached for his cell phone and called up Davy to take him to the doctor. ɤ Rhabdomyosarcoma. The lump on his leg that had been there for months, the lump he had ignored, had said nothing about, was a tumor. After seeing several different doctors about it that day, somebody had finally biopsied the damn thing and they had figured out that James had a rare form of cancer that was afflicting his leg muscles. They had referred him to several different doctors over the span of a few weeks; so far, nobody knew except Davy. He had not even told Guinevere. He did not want her to worry. However, after meeting with the doctor today he had everything to worry about. He was dying. The cancer was too far advanced to do anything about. James had maybe a year left, maybe a little more. He tried not to cry in the office when they told him; he had so much he wanted to do, so much he wanted to accomplish. The dream of his and Gwen's grandchildren vanished before him. The doctor informed him of medicines he would be put on to ease his pain as his life degenerated into a painful mess. His leg muscles would degenerate to the point where he could walk with a cane, then barely at all, and then he would lose the use of his legs. There was no point in chemotherapy – his death was a sure thing. On the cab ride back to his flat, James fingered the velvet box in his pocket. He had bought it right before that fateful day when he had collapsed from the pain. He had planned to propose to Gwen; he had wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. Now, now, he could not. He had a year left, and how cruel it would be to make Guinevere stay and watch him turn into a shadow of himself. She did not even know he was sick – he had kept it from her. He would leave her then; he could not ask her to stay, would not even dream of it. It would be selfish of him to ask her to stay and watch him die, just so he would not be alone. No, she should be allowed to go and live out her life with someone else who could make her happy, and give her those children and grandchildren. She deserved someone who could hold her hand on that beach, in those rockers as old people with paper skin. Because that would never be James. When he got home, he got his suitcase and packed his clothes. His records, his toothbrush, and the few things he really owned in this world. Most of it he left to Gwen – things to remember him by. When she got home that night from work, she found James' suitcase sitting packed on the kitchen table, and James grabbing his tan hoodie from the closet. \"James?\" His name on her lips a question, not understanding. Her purse slipped from her shoulder as she stood in the doorway, watching him standing there awkwardly. \"Gwen…I was hoping to leave you a note.\" He mumbled. \"Why?\" She asked her purple eyes wide with confusion and hurt. \"I'm leaving you; I think we should see other people.\" He admitted his heart breaking as he said it. \"James, I don't understand.\" She said quietly, her voice thick with unshed tears. \"I don't want to be with you anymore Gwennie. I'm moving back home with my parents.\" James thrust the hoodie into his suitcase and picked it up, walking past Guinevere. She stood there in the doorway, finally turning to watch him walk down the hall to the lift. He stared down at the floor, heart-broken, firmly believing he had just done a very bad thing. James turned back around, shuffling down the hall until he stood before her. \"Just one last kiss Gwen? For goodbye?\" He begged, tears threatening to spill forth. Guinevere nodded her head, unable to speak. If she did, she knew she would cry. She did not understand why James was leaving suddenly, but she did want this one last piece of him, if he was willing to give it. She loved him. As their lips met for the final time, it expressed everything that he was unable to say. That he truly loved her, and wanted to be with her – but he could not. He would not be selfish in his final stretch of life – but he could be selfish now. The palms of his hands pressed flat against her back, pushing her against him; one last time he could feel his Gwennie this close before he left her forever, to be unburdened by his illness. The moments they stood in the hall seemed to last a lifetime, and indeed James wished it could have been; all the moments they could have had flashed before his eyes, and brought tears to them. He had so desperately wanted this life with her. \"Goodbye Gwen.\" He whispered, pressing his lips firmly against her temple. I love you, he thought. More than anything, and above all else, I love you. But he did not say it aloud. James turned back around and walked to the lift; he picked up his suitcase and got in, never turning back around to see the tears spilling forth from his purple-eyed lover's eyes as she mourned the loss of her love. The last time James saw her in person. ɤ So James went to Barafungle Bay; he took his best mates Davy, Miles, and Bill, right after his twenty-ninth birthday. He knew that he had just a little time left, and he wanted to make the most of it. The bay had been his favorite spot in all the world and he wanted to see it one last time. More than anything, he wanted to die there. He needed to say goodbye to the people who meant the most to him in the world. He had already said goodbye to Guinevere. On his last day alive on this earth, he would tell Davy where to find the engagement ring and a letter, with instructions to give them to Gwen. It would explain everything to her because James realized that she deserved that much. God let her forgive me. The fireworks burst above, filling the night sky with their vibrant color. James smiled as his friends ran around, lighting them up for him. They wanted to make his last days happy; they had no idea what he had planned for Barafungle. As the oranges and reds exploded over his vision, he thought of her bright eyes. He held his hand up, viewing the exploding firelights through his splayed fingers. As he did, he thought of how many times his fingers had run over her bare skin. James closed his eyes, inhaling, almost able to smell the strawberry scent of her hair again. God, what he would not give to be buried underneath a tent of sheets with her as he explored her for the hundredth time. Her hands fisted in his hair as she cried out his name came back to him, forcing him to open his eyes so he might forget. The soft brush of the grass against his exposed ankle reminded him of the year she had joined them on their trip; the boys had loved her. How many times had they raced over the grassy knolls to see how could get to which hill fastest? When they had reached Barafungle they had all gone swimming, and played Frisbee and jus enjoyed themselves. And in James and Guinevere's tent, set far away from the others (who had insisted upon this point), he remembered pressing his fingers against the knots of her spine and running his hand down the back of her thighs. James exhaled forcefully, bringing himself back to the here and now. There was nothing that could be done about it now; he had made his choice to leave her and let her be happy somewhere, and with someone, else. All he could do now was enjoy himself with his best mates. James patted his pants pocket, making sure the picture of him and Gwen was buried inside. He wanted it to go with him when he died. ɤ Davy fingered the red wool cap as he stood outside her door. It had been two days since James had died – two days since they had come back from the bay and told his parents. His funeral was another two days from now, and he had just found James' letter for Gwen. Of course he had to deliver it right away – she deserved whatever it was he had left for her. \"Davy?\" Guinevere looked confused as she opened the door. \"What are you doing here?\" Davy cleared his throat as the tears threatened again. \"It's James – he's – he's dead.\" All the color left her cheeks as she grabbed the doorway for support and shook her head. \"You're lying – tell me the truth Davy.\" \"I'm so sorry Gwen – James was sick; he had cancer.\" Gwen let out a strangled cry as she covered her mouth with a delicate hand, disbelieving. \"He – he left this for you. Here.\" Davy held out the red wool hat, and an envelope. Gwen shook her head as she reached out a shaky hand to take it. Davy turned to leave when her voice stopped him. \"When did he – die?\" She asked. \"Two days ago at Barafungle.\" He answered without turning back around. He could not stand seeing someone else's grief when he was still wallowing in the black pit that was his own. Guinevere nodded her head and shut her door, still unable to believe that James was gone. She sat down at her kitchen table, staring at the hat he had so often worn. He had been wearing it when they had met. She ran her fingers over it and felt something tucked into the folded brim. She put her fingers into the opening and pulled out a ring – a simple silver-white band with a one-carat diamond. A choked sob escaped her throat as she held it out. With shaky fingers, Gwen grabbed her letter opener and tore open the envelope, pages in James' scratchy scrawl tumbling out. Calming herself down enough to hold it up, Guinevere read the last thing James ever wrote. \"My dearest Guinevere, I really am sorry that I never told you. I suppose I should start with saying that I had Rhabdomyosarcoma. It is a rare form of cancer, and it attacked my leg muscles. Near the end now, I can barely walk on my own without help from one of the boys. I am leaving tomorrow morning for Barafungle Bay with the boys, and I have no intention of coming back so now is the time to tell you everything I could not say. I love you, so much and so dearly. If Davy has been a good messenger than he should have delivered the hat – in the brim is a ring. I bought it right before I found out I had cancer. I was going to propose to you. I found out I was dying before I could. And silly me thought, 'why would she marry someone who's dying?' I thought I would be better off sending you away, severing all ties with you. I did not want you to watch me die. Now I wish I had never left you because I have had a very lonely year. Still, a part of me is glad for it. You have not had to see me sick and high on the morphine I must constantly take. The James you remember was healthy, and still had the use of his legs. As you can probably tell, I found out I was dying while we were together. It took a month of proper testing to diagnose me with Rhabdomyosarcoma, and the whole time I was able to convince you all I was healthy. The only one who knew was Davy. Good old Davy, always there for me. He's been my caretaker this past year and he has been good to me. Enough about him though. I would like to say again that I am very sorry for not telling you; I wanted you to move on and find happiness with someone else, not a broken man. Before I got sick, I imagined our lives together. I used to have a happy vision of us old and holding hands, watching our great-grandchildren play on the beach. We would have lived on the beach when we were old and senile. I hope you did move on, and become happy. I wish you a great, long life Gwen. But another part of me hopes that there is a part of you that will never get over me. I suppose that is the cancer talking – I want to be remembered. I am dying early, but the rest of the world is moving on and that terrifies me. I will always remember you. Even now I have that picture of the two of us in my pocket – I intend to die with it in my pocket at Barafungle; it will mean you were with me until the very end. When I swim out into the sea and go under, the burning saltwater entering my lungs, I will think of you. I will think of the fact that I am feeling something other than pain in so long, and I will think of you my Gwennie. If you are not with someone right now, wear my ring. Wear it and I will see it. You remember that conversation we had, three years ago, when we talked about dying; you said that you hoped we became stars in the vast night sky. Well, I am a star Gwen. I'm the third star on the right and straight on 'till morning. Look up at the sky at me and see me burning for you. So, Guinevere, I raise a morphine toast to you. And when it's my birthday – should you remember it, remember that you were loved by me and you made my life a happy one. And there's no tragedy in that. Love, Your Dearest James\" Tears streamed forth and spilled down Guinevere's alabaster cheeks as she slipped the ring onto her left ring finger. No, there had never been anyone else after James, and there never would be. He had been the love of her life and without him she had been completely lost. Reading his letter and learning that he had suffered from cancer, and thought she would be better off not being with him, she knew she had fallen in love with an idiot. Gwen would give anything to be able to go back and spend that last year with him – to take that trip to Barafungle Bay with him. As it was, she could not. The love of her life was dead and she was left feeling hollow, an empty shell. Guinevere doubted if she would ever get over it. She too had imagined their life together – his breakup had been a blow to her heart. Now that she knew the reason behind it, she felt like curling up and sobbing, letting herself die of neglect. However, that would be far too slow. Gwen put the red wool hat on, and looked down at the ring on her finger. It could have been there for a year longer, had he told her. Or if God had chosen to be a little kinder. Gwen walked into the bathroom and grabbed the bottle of sleeping pills she kept there. She weighted it in her hand, her mind clouded by sorrow. Guinevere pulled back the curtains from the window and looked out at the starry night sky. \"Third star on the right and straight on 'till morning.\" She whispered, clutching the bottle tightly in her hand. A copy of the picture he had mentioned was in the corner of her bathroom mirror. On that first night they had met, he had asked the bartender to take a picture of them, in case he lost her number and needed to ask the entire world where she was. James' arm was draped casually around her shoulder, but neither of them was looking at the camera. They were looking at each other; James grinning from ear to ear, and she smiling shyly. After that picture had been taken he had walked her outside and had tried to lengthen their time together, even though he had gotten her number in the pub. \" I can't wait to call you.\" He said with a laugh, shoving his hands in his pockets. \"Go to dinner with me tomorrow.\" He blurted out. Guinevere looked up, the slight wind rustling her hair. James reached out a hand to brush it behind her ear. She caught her hand in his, leaving their fingers intertwined and resting on her cheek. \"OK.\" She answered. James chuckled nervously and smiled. \"Can I – can I kiss you?\" He asked. Gwen laughed and nodded her head. James bent his head down and pressed his mouth gently against hers. It felt like fireworks exploding behind their eyes, and took their breath away. With a last lingering press of his lips against hers, James stepped back. \" I'll call you with a time.\" He yelled after her, as he walked backwards down the sidewalk. \" Alright!\" She yelled, waving goodbye. Guinevere smiled and pressed her fingers against her lips; his mouth had tasted like forever. Gwen's lips formed a tight smile as she uncapped the bottle, her eyes focusing on the picture in the mirror. \"With you until the end.\" She whispered. \"Love, I'm coming home to Neverland.\" ","Summary":" God she is beautiful, James thought. He ran his hand over her smooth black hair, watching as the ea"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"The Leave-taking","Author":"MASH4077th","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9674697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Leave-taking I wonder if I'm allowed Just ever to be… \"Tornado,\" Jonsi I don't want to do this to them. I stare at my phone, a war being waged between two loyalties. \"They'll want to know. You need to tell them.\" \"I can't—not now, anyway. Let them believe you're fine for a while. They don't deserve to be hurt sooner than necessary.\" \"They already knew something was wrong. They're waiting for news from you—and you can't lie to them.\" I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair. Who would I call first? Or was there some way to tell them all at once? That would be much better . I pick up the phone to call Miles. \"Hey James, how'd the tests go?\" \"It was fine. Listen, do you and Bill and Davy want to go have lunch at the park?\" \"Bit late for lunch, isn't it? 3:30?\" \"Yeah, well, I'm hungry and bored.\" \"Oh, anything for you, dear,\" he replies, his voice sarcastic and effeminate. \"Shut up. Okay, I'll see you there.\" I hang up, letting out a sigh of relief. I hadn't lied to Miles—I'd just avoided the truth. For now. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX My stomach turns as I walk toward my friends. They were setting up our picnic, each in his own way—Miles tackling Bill to the ground as he spread out the blanket, and Davy laughing at them while actually setting up the picnic. This may be the last time I see them like this—carefree and happy. After today, everything would be different. Would I ever walk like this again? I was striding quickly across the grass without a twinge of pain, thanks to my newly-prescribed meds. I will make this as short and painless as possible. I take a deep breath, then greet my friends. Everyone seems perfectly happy—except Miles. He keeps looking at me like he knows something's up. I do my best to give him a genuine smile, but he probably sees through it anyway. We wolf down all the food, then get out the Frisbee. Frisbee has always been our favorite. I run and jump and laugh and breathe , absolutely pain-free. God, I'm going to miss this. Everything is going spectacularly—until I fall hard on my right side. My hip hits first, of course. The pain shoots through my entire body, causing me to convulse and cry out in pain. \"What happened?\" \"You alright there, mate?\" \"I saw it—he landed on his hip.\" Davy was the last to speak. I couldn't replay through the shock and pain. They all knelt next to me until I got hold of myself. I sit up slowly, still panting. Three pairs of hands were instantly on my shoulders, there to support me if I fell backwards. I waved them off, but was grateful all the same. \"James, there's something you need to tell us, isn't there,\" said Bill in a low, serious tone. I can't look him in the eyes. \"Yeah. There is. Hang on…\" I shift my position so that we form a circle. I still cannot look at them. Instead I stare at the grass, but I can feel their gazes boring into me. The pain has completely subsided. Nothing but numbness remains. Deep breath. \"I…er…had some tests done, as you know, and…the results were…not good.\" I take a risk and glance up at their faces. Davy and Bill look as I expected, fear and apprehension laced in their expressions. They stare at each other in a panic. Miles, however, sitting directly across from me, does not take his eyes off mine for a second. He just stares at me, propping his head up on his fists—he's preparing for the worst. It makes me want to vomit. \"I've been diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma,\" I say rapidly. \"I've got cancer.\" Now I look them all in the eyes. Shock is written on all their faces. Only Davy manages to speak up. \"It's not…it's not lethal, right? You'll get better?\" Oh, Davy. So full of hope. \"I'm afraid not. I…I've got less than a year.\" I've tried to keep my voice steady, but seeing their faces causes my voice to break. God, I'll miss them so much. Bill stares at the grass opposite him, shaking his head in disbelief. Tears are already streaming down Davy's face. He's staring at the sky, muttering, \"Oh God…oh God…oh God.\" Miles continues to stare directly into my eyes, mouth open, and with a horrible sadness. \"No.\" His voice breaks, and he drops his forehead onto his fist. Everyone falls apart. Davy immediately clutches onto me, sobbing into my shoulder. Tears begin to slip down my face, unheeded. I hug him back tightly—Davy is the most sensitive of the lot; he needs this. Miles and Bill immediately follow, sobbing—even Miles. I let them. They hold onto me as if they never want to let me go. The force of their hugs eventually knocks me down, and we all lay next to one another on the grass. After a while, we lay quietly. We watch the clouds together. We watch the sunset. Night falls. I know my meds are wearing off. My chest begins to get heavy. The pain in my leg is coming back. Oh God, I can't breathe. I can't let myself get out of control. They haven't seen me recently; they don't know how much worse it's gotten. Or that it's spread all over my body. I can't hold back anymore. I let out a hacking cough, and the force of it compels me to sit upright. Hacking, wheezing, choking—I can't stop. I'm dizzy. Everything's gone blurry. I suddenly realize that my friends are desperately trying to help me. They're patting my back and offering me water. On noticing this, I grab it and drink it greedily. I can breathe again. I set the water down, still gasping for air. That's when the pain hits me full-force. The effort of movement and the lack of medication have made a couple of themselves, it seems. I wince and let out a gasp of pain. \"Please…take me home. Meds…wearing off,\" I rasp between each breath. \"Okay. We've got you. We've got you, James.\" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hello, everyone! This is my first Third Star fic. Let me just say that THIS MOVIE...words can't even begin to describe my feeling towards it. It crushed my soul, but it was beautiful. It hurt, yes, but it was a good hurt. It is truly a beautiful story. If you haven't seen it, GO SEE IT NOW. RIGHT NOW. ) Anyway, enough with the chatter. I am American, but I did my best to sound as un-American as possible. Please let me know if you spot an American-ism and I will fix it. Let me know what you think! Drop a review my way. I'm curious as to how this turned out. More chapters are to come. Thanks! Hope you enjoyed![Chapter 2] I wake with a gasp. I'm lying in my bed, staring at the ceiling fan. Dawn has already begun to seep through my windows. I sit up in utter confusion. How did I get home? I can remember nothing beyond our picnic and lying under the stars. I reach out across my nightstand and pick up my mobile. I have three texts, one from each of my mates, and a voicemail from Davy. Bill's text was first—sent at two in the morning. \"Hey Jim. I'm sure you're not up but wondering if you're okay. Text me when you get this.\" Wondering if I'm okay? What… It all comes rushing back. I'd forgotten my meds. Bill had carried me to Miles's car. They took me home—I was delirious—moaning and calling their names. Bill carried me to me room, and they had all argued over which medication to give me. They eventually decided to just give me morphine. I had passed out after that. I quickly let Bill know that I'm alright, and thank him. I open Miles's text. \"Hey Jim—hope you're alright. Gave us a good scare last night. Davy stayed with you for a good 2 hrs after Bill and I left. He's a bit shaken up. Might want to talk to him.\" Bill has probably already told Miles that I'm fine, so I don't respond. I open Davy's text. \"James, I\" He must have sent that accidentally. I open his voicemail instead. \"James, it's Davy,\" the message begins. His voice is shaking. \"I…was wondering if I could come by your place later today. I sort of…panicked last night when you…well, you know. So, um, I was wondering if you could teach me which medication to give you when. Just in case, you know. So.\" He clears his throat. \"To be honest, James, I want to talk through this whole thing with you. I want to make sure that you're okay—really, properly okay. Please call me back. Thanks.\" I lower my phone. I can't believe he stayed with me for the better part of the night, then called me as soon as he got home. Poor Davy. He's not going to take this well. I call him back. He picks up after one ring. \"James—hey.\" He sounds so relieved. \"Hey, mate, are you alright? Miles said you were a bit shaken up.\" \"Me? Why are you asking me? You scared the hell out of me last night!\" he says, slightly manic. \"I'm…so sorry.\" He sighs. \"No, mate, don't be sorry. I'm sorry…I'm just a bit tired, I guess.\" \"Did you sleep at all last night?\" He remains silent. \"Davy…\" \"I'm alright, really. The question is, are you? I didn't know what to give you except morphine.\" \"You did fine. I'm just sorry it happened. By the way, yes, you can come for lunch. I'll teach you what all the stuff is.\" He sighs in relief. \"Thanks, mate. Okay. I'll see you then.\" Davy's POV A few months later, and James is back living with his parents. I'd stayed with him in his flat for a while, but I couldn't be there 24/7, and it just became too hard for him to be alone. I moved to his parents' house with him, of course. I was still his main caretaker. He doesn't know that I quit my job to be with him. Occasionally, he walks with a cane, but never when his parents are around. He does his best to appear as healthy as possible in front of his family. Not in front of me, though. He tells me when something's wrong, or if he feels bad, or if he needs help. It makes me feel…special, somehow. To be needed. It makes me feel like I'm doing something important. Most of James' friends have left him. Some came to visit, but they never got in touch with him again. Sadly, Miles was one of them. He still texts James on occasion, but he always acts like nothing is wrong. That hurts James, I know. Miles was always his best mate, but now that he's needed, he's disappeared. It's disgusting. Bill comes by pretty often, though. He usually comes when he's got a good story to tell, or he's come up with something exciting we can all do. I'm so grateful that he's stuck with James. He and I are really the only ones left. James's birthday is in three months. Bill's come up with this mad idea to go on a camping trip—the four of us, all together. He didn't say anything about it to James, though, for which I am grateful. James would be all over it. We wouldn't be able to stop him from going. The more I think about the details, the more I think it just might work. It would be hard, of course, but we're all used to that by now. We could make it. One last trip to Barafundle. I think it would bring some closure for all of us. Much needed closure. Yes, we'll do it. We'll bring our friend this last piece of happiness and normalcy. For old times' sake. I'm not sure if anyone read this, but that's okay. Perhaps someone will find it and enjoy it someday. If you made it to the end, thank you so much for reading! I appreciate it. Till next time. ","Summary":" The Leave-taking I wonder if I'm allowed Just ever to be… \"Tornado,\" Jonsi I don't want to do thi"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"A Salve of Ashes","Author":"OrnamentofRhyme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11802460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warnings: messing with Dwayne's age, and also warning for the splash of pre-slash, pre-incestuous relationship \"Do you—do you enjoy listening to that?\" Frank asked when he finished his nightly bathroom routine. Dwayne had a wilted sort of smile on his face. He strained to recall the last time he'd seen Dwayne smile before they first survived push-starting the VW—and that one had been undoubtedly genuine; when he had looked over at his nephew that afternoon, the kid was glowing. Frank's high from the bizarre exercise faded long before his appreciation for Dwayne's spurt of happiness did. In fact, it was an image that refused to leave him. Dwayne sat up on his bed, and Frank wasn't truly expecting a response to begin with, but before he stepped up to his own mattress, Dwayne's notepad was being held up for him to see. Richard is the worst thing that ever happened to my mom, it read. Frank snorted. He couldn't necessarily disagree. But as far as he could remember, there had been two assholes in Sheryl's life. He trusted the durability of Dwayne's apathetic shell, so he said, \"Yeah, well, no offense but your dad wasn't exactly prime rib either.\" Dwayne didn't look too happy to hear it, but he kind of shrugged like he couldn't disagree. Frank gave him a flat smile. Toeing off his shoes, Frank sat on the edge of his bed, closest to the wall. His fingers itched to find his wallet, but he tried to keep them still. He gripped the cloth at his knees like a scared child might clutch a blanket, and he just sat there, staring at nothing. Because he hated himself, he did eventually give in. It could have been seconds later, or hours, he didn't care. He still did it. From the night stand he took up his wallet, and slipped from its folds Josh's picture. It was odd how before, when he still had hope of becoming more to Josh, the image was a symbol of his deepening bond with the younger man. Now, it seemed to highlight the wedge that had always been there; Frank couldn't believe his own foolishness; look, he thought bitterly, at how he was at the edge of the photo, as though shoehorned in. An afterthought. Was Josh turned toward him on purpose, or was it coincidence? Was Frank even— A pair of wine red shoes stepped onto the edge of Frank's vision. He looked up at Dwayne's deceptively blank face and blinked numbly. Dwayne pointed at the photo, which Frank passed to him without a thought, and only after it was out of Frank's reach did he wonder at his complacency to do so. Josh hadn't even known that Frank was ever in possession of the photo, and yet he trusted his nephew with the secret? Did he? He didn't take it back, so that had to mean something. Dwayne's face took on this sort of tinge of disdain as he looked upon the picture. He never wore expressions, Frank had decided earlier. At least, not on the surface of his face. With Dwayne, it was like the expression was there, but someone had hidden it under layers and layers and layers of unruffled, immotile skin, so it just barely shifted his features in a way that gave the impression of an emotion. It was fascinating to watch. Dwayne looked at him, and Frank's thoughts reeled back in. He appeared to be looking for an explanation for the picture, so he said, \"That's, uh, Josh. The one who...\" He looked down at his wrists. Dwayne nodded once, with a slight purse to his lips. The young man wrote, Why keep it? Frank laughed airily, unable to fathom an answer. He took the photo back and rubbed the edge of the slick image with his thumb. \"I don't know anymore. You know, I saw him today,\" Frank admitted, unable to stop himself. Dwayne's brows furrowed, perhaps wondering when Frank had the time and ability to sneak away from Family Fun-time Hell for some horrible rendezvous with his unrequited love. He added, \"At the gas station. I went in and bought...\" His head dropped into his hands, which raked through his hair. \"...goddamn smut magazines for Edwin, and he was there, and he saw them. God,\" he choked, \"And Larry Sugarman was there, with him, because of course he was! The looks they gave me... If we weren't in that damn bus, I would have wanted to—\" Frank cut himself off before he could say it. He was talking to his teenage nephew, he reminded himself furiously. God knew the kid had enough of his own shit to deal with without Frank unfurling his sob story. Frank's hands boxed in his field of vision, so Dwayne had reach before his notepad was right in that window. Fuck them. You deserve better than an asshole like that. It startled a laugh out of Frank. He pulled out of his hunch to look at the teen. Never before had he seen such a serious and passionate expression on Dwayne's face. Dwayne drew the notepad back to scratch in some more words. Frank faintly wondered how many notebooks the kid had used in the last 9 months. And did he keep them? The next page that was held up read, Get rid of this. And he plucked the photo of Frank and Josh from the older man's loose pinch, holding it up. Frank blinked a few times, with his mouth slightly agape. \"No, I—\" Dwayne shook his head and twitched his notepad as though to repeat it. Frank shook his head as well, but said, \"I can't just... I can't just leave it here.\" You're worth more than holding out for someone like that. \"He's not a bad guy,\" Frank defended weakly. \"It's the influence Sugarman's had on him.\" Shouldn't you be looking for someone who wants you as much as you want them? Don't hold out for this guy. \"Are you speaking from experience?\" he asked sardonically, ignoring the echo of his grandmother's request, which seemed to reflect in Dwayne's sentiment. He stood to take the photo back, but Dwayne held it away. It's for your own good, he wrote, backing away. The words were jagged and messy on the page. Frank growled. \"I hear that shit from everyone else, I don't want to hear it from you, Dwayne.\" For his part, the teen did look slightly abashed, but his hold on the picture did not lax. He backed into the bathroom and held it over the toilet. \"Are you serious?\" Frank snapped. He marched in after the younger man, and thus commenced their wrestling for the picture. They collided with the shower curtain and swayed back before they could rip it down. Frank had a hand on Dwayne's wrist while the other pressed mindlessly into Dwayne's chest. \"I swear to god—\" Frank warned, chuckling at the smirk on the teen's lips. They were a blur, moving awkwardly in the tight room. Frank was so caught up in the strange mirth of it all that he didn't notice at first the little noises coming from Dwayne's throat. But as soon as he did, he was entranced. So much so that he tripped, knocking them against the wall. All they could do was let gravity push them together, with Dwayne's back to the wall, and Frank's hands braced on either side of his shoulders. Dwayne drew in a sharp breath, which came out in shallow puffs against Frank's lips. Their eyes found each other's and locked there. Some sort of static seemed to pass between them in the immeasurable time they stood like that, with Frank's body pinning Dwayne's against the eggshell brown wall of a motel bathroom in God knows where. It was when there came a soft sliding sound and a plop! that they came unstuck. Frank backed away and turned to the origin of the noise. Dwayne's notebook lay floating in the toilet bowl. Frank frowned. \"You brought another one of those, right?\" Dwayne nodded, watching the notebook swirl slowly in the water with some regret. \"You keep those, don't you.\" Frank said, because it wasn't really a question. As his luck would have it, of course he would. Dwayne nodded again. He seemed to be debating whether or not flushing the toilet would get rid of it, or if he would have to fish it out himself. Frank cringed at the idea. Instead, the teen swooped down to retrieve his pen from where it had landed in the shower and then walked out of the bathroom, making a beeline for his bag. From it, he pulled a fresh notepad. Frank looked down at the picture in his fist, crumpled from his careless grip. He held it up, pinching the edges so he could assess the damage. Somehow, with the dim lights and the crinkles in the paper, he thought he was seeing a whole new angle to the picture. The one where, even standing next to Josh, Frank's eyes were sunken and tired, like they had been for the last month. When did those under-eye shadows first appear? he asked himself. Was it last month? Or the one before? What about the one before that? No matter how far back he went, the only thing he knew for sure, was that they didn't just carve themselves into his face overnight. And his failure with Josh didn't happen overnight, either. Frank cleared his throat, bringing Dwayne's attention to him. He held up the photo. \"I need help getting rid of this,\" he said. Dwayne's features seemed to liven up at the non-request. How? Frank thought very hard. He summed up his findings with, \"I don't know. Nothing seems good enough.\" Dwayne contemplated the photo in Frank's hands. At the end of it, he headed for the exit door, beckoning for him to follow. Frank latched the door behind them and trailed after the young man with an intrigued eye. He wanted to voice his curiosity, but figured stopping for Dwayne to write an answer would take more time than just waiting to see where he was being led. Their footsteps tapped down the concrete steps and then over the brief stretch of sidewalk to the van. It was still parked aslant over the parking lines, but he was fairly certain it had traveled a couple of feet since last they saw it. He said so to Dwayne, who just shrugged. Maybe it would drive itself away overnight. Or at least roll into the mopeds across the lot. Dwayne distracted him from his thoughts when he slammed himself into the driver side door. Frank jumped. \"What are you doing?\" For a moment he thought the teen was having some sort of meltdown. Then again, he could hardly imagine what a Dwayne meltdown would even look like. But Dwayne just reared back and rammed into the door again with his shoulder. This time Frank noticed he pulled the handle at the same time. Nothing seemed to change, so Frank said, \"Need help?\" Dwayne grunted softly, which he took to mean yes, so Frank got behind him—squeezing between the teen and the side mirror—and counted down so they could move together. They did so with a seemingly thunderous bang, and they came away rubbing their sore shoulders and looking into the open cab of the van. \"Why am I not surprised,\" Frank commented of the unlocking trick. The van looked to be one more good shove away from falling apart like something out of the Looney Tunes. Dwayne climbed up and stretched across the aisle to pop open the glove box, where he scraped around for something. He wasn't sure what it would have solved, but Frank was almost afraid the boy would pull back holding a gun. The things this family threw at him... Instead, when Dwayne stepped out of the van, there was a green disposable lighter in his fist. Oh. Frank uncurled his clammy fingers and looked at the crumpled photo. Dwayne adopted an under-expression of sympathy but held out the lighter. When Frank didn't move, the teen dropped his hand and wrote, You don't want someone like that in your life if you can help it. Frank snorted. \"I've got plenty of people like that.\" In the midst of an awkward silence, an uncomfortable guilt prompted him to add, \"Not you. Or Olive. Or my sister.\" He cleared his throat. Dwayne simply nodded and held out the lighter again. There was a moment of hesitation before Frank took it. His hand trembled faintly as he fought to strike the lighter. A few lazy flickers sparkled out, but he had to pause and take some deep breaths before he could make a steady flame. Once he did, he glanced across at Dwayne, who nodded in encouragement. A week ago, Frank would not have been able to comprehend the very idea of this situation. But such is life. He held his breath and touched the edge of the picture to the fire. The corner curled and picked up the flame. He went to carefully place it on the pavement, but a second of panic as it spread closer to his hand had it flipping to the ground on its own. Frank stumbled away from it, backed into the ledge of the sidewalk and somehow found himself sitting on it. He watched the fire dumbly. \"What are you doing?\" someone asked from above. They looked around, and up, and found Sheryl watching them from the balcony. She didn't try to hide the cigarette between her fingers. When Frank realized Dwayne couldn't answer, he said, \"Uh... Spring cleaning.\" \"It's summer,\" she corrected. \"Yes.\" She sighed. \"Alright, well don't get caught.\" Dwayne saluted to her. Frank looked back to the picture in time to see Josh's smile warp and darken with the heart of the flame. He took steady breaths and didn't seem to blink until it burnt itself out. By then, there was little more left than a sliver of the photo, and black scorch marks on the white parking stripe where it had landed. He looked up when a hand broke into his vision. Dwayne was offering a hand up. Frank blinked at him, then again as his eyes readjusted to the feeling, and accepted the help. He looked back at the mark where his picture had been, and Dwayne patted his shoulder, nudging him toward the stairs. Mindlessly, Frank went back to their room. He changed into his pajamas and curled up on his bed, facing the wall. At some point Dwayne turned off the lamp. At another, sleep came. ","Summary":" Warnings: messing with Dwayne's age, and also warning for the splash of pre-slash, pre-incestuous r"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Just Like Us","Author":"rebecca-in-blue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12202778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I really enjoyed writing this story and bringing these two fandoms together. This is my entry for the Halloween Writing Challenge at Writers Anonymous. \"But Mom, why can't I go trick-or-treating by myself?\" Olive whined for the second time. Whining about anything was so unlike her that Dwayne wouldn't have believed it if he wasn't seeing it for himself. It was an early October evening, and their family was eating dinner. \"Honey, you aren't old enough to go trick-or-treating by yourself,\" Sheryl said firmly. \"Me or your dad or your Uncle Frank is going with you.\" \"We could even walk a few feet behind you, Olive,\" Frank suggested, leaning towards her. \"So it would seem like you were trick-or-treating by yourself.\" But Olive just scowled and sulked down in her chair, with a stubbornness that made Dwayne strangely proud. She was usually such an easygoing kid, rolling with whatever punches their family or life threw at her. It was almost refreshing to see her acting a little like him. \"No,\" Olive refused. \"If I have to go trick-or-treating with a grown-up like a baby , then I don't want to go at all!\" Out of habit, Dwayne pulled his notepad from his pocket and flipped it open. He had written as far as I could t before he found his voice again. \"I could take you trick-or-treating,\" he said, and everyone turned in his direction. He wasn't completely mute anymore, but he still spoke so rarely that it was always a surprise. \"You could? Really?\" Olive sat up straight in her chair again, looking pleased. She had no idea that all the other kids in high school thought he was a weirdo loser. How could she? Olive didn't even realize how strange their family was. Dwayne was her big brother, and that made him cool in her eyes, now matter how moody or mute he was. \"Mom, can I go trick-or-treating with Dwayne?\" \"Of course, honey.\" Sheryl smiled at her, then at Dwayne. \"That's very sweet of you, Dwayne.\" He just shook his shaggy bangs over his eyes and stared out the window. Richard asked Olive what her Halloween costume would be this year, but Olive hadn't decided yet. Dwayne looked away from the window and turned to face her. \"I have an idea.\" Tonight was Frank's turn to wash the dishes, so Dwayne had their room to himself after dinner. He called Olive in and showed her the book. \" The Catcher in the Rye ,\" she read. \"Is this your idea?\" Dwayne nodded, and Olive sat on the edge of his bed and flipped through the book, looking for pictures. \"What's it about?\" For some reason, talking to Olive was easier than talking to most people. \"It's about this guy, Holden Caulfield, a few years older than me, and he has a little sister named Phoebe. They're just like us.\" \"Really? How are they just like us?\" Because he's a loser who keeps getting kicked out of schools, and she's so cute it's almost nauseating and everyone loves her, Dwayne thought. But he shrugged and said only, \"They just are.\" He opened the book to its final pages, to a scene that he knew Olive would like. \"There's this part where he takes her to ride a carousel,\" he said, pointing out the paragraph. \"See, read that.\" \"She ran and bought her ticket and got back on the carousel just in time,\" Olive began. Dwayne closed his eyes and listened to her slow, high voice as she read about Holden, in his red hunting hat, sitting on the Central Park bench watching Phoebe, in her blue coat, ride the carousel. \" I damn near started bawling, I felt so happy .\" When Dwayne first read that, he was surprised to recognize the same emotions that he'd felt when Olive danced at the Little Miss Sunshine pageant – when she kept dancing, even as the host tried to drag her offstage. But just then, Richard happened to pass by his room. \"Dwayne, what are you letting her read?\" he shouted when he saw The Catcher in the Rye in Olive's hands. \"That book is not appropriate for her!\" Down the hall, Sheryl and Frank overheard and tried to come to his defense. \"Richard, he's spending time with Olive,\" Sheryl said, and Frank put in, \"It's never too early to introduce children to great literature. I read a study that said...\" Pretty soon, all three adults were arguing again. Olive ducked her head and scurried out of his room, looking guilty. Dwayne shut the door behind her, lied down on the floor, and alternated between sit-ups and pushups until it was time to go to sleep. The next Saturday, Dwayne and Olive rode their bikes to a thrift store near the house, in search of a blue coat and a red hunting hat. \"I'll look for the hat, okay?\" Olive told him. \"And you look for the coat.\" Dwayne just nodded, a bit more accepting now, even though he still didn't understand how nobody realized sooner that he was color-blind. Only his family . When they got back from California, he'd gone to a special eye doctor, who diagnosed him with protanopia, a complete absence of red, pink, and purple. In the thrift store, he shuffled through the rack of children's coats, vaguely wondering what colors he wasn't seeing. Autumn in New Mexico was too hot for a proper coat, so he picked out a thin blue windbreaker about Olive's size. As he pulled it off the rack, she hurried over to him, calling his name. \"Dwayne, look, I found it! I found a red hunting hat, just like Holden's, see?\" Dwayne could see the hat, but not the red; Olive held it out to him, and it was the same swampy shade of green as stop signs and fire hydrants. \"Is that my coat?\" she asked, and he nodded. Out of habit, he pointed rather than spoke - to the windbreaker, then to Olive's eyes behind her Coke-bottle glasses. She knew what he meant. \"Hey, you're right,\" she said, admiringly, \"it matches my eyes. You can see blue so good, you don't even need to see all those other colors.\" Dwayne's mind lingered on that comment while they rode their bikes home. Olive didn't see how weird their family was, or what a loser he was, but she could see colors that Dwayne couldn't. Was it a fair trade? On Halloween night, when Dwayne came into the living room with the hat on his head and a candy cigarette in his mouth, Olive balked. \"No! No way!\" she scolded, grabbing it from between his lips. \"Smoking is bad for you - really bad! We learned all about it in health class!\" Dwayne yanked the cigarette back from her and held it too high for her to reach. He couldn't write with only one hand free, so he found his voice again. \"It's a fake cigarette, Olive,\" he said. \"It isn't real . It's just for me to get into character. Holden smokes a lot in the book. People didn't know how bad it was back then. I'm not really smoking anything, okay?\" He shoved the cigarette back in his mouth, suddenly uncomfortable. He couldn't remember the last time he'd spoken so much at once. Olive looked slightly placated. \"Well, you better never smoke for real. Promise you'll never smoke for real?\" she whined. \"Promise?\" Dwayne rolled his eyes, annoyed, but then she stomped her foot and insisted, \"Dwayne, promise ! I don't want you to die, too!\" and all his annoyance vanished. \"Okay, I promise.\" Sheryl came into the room with her camera. She wanted to take a picture of them before they left, but she blinked, puzzled, when she saw their costumes. They were wearing the red hat and blue windbreaker with ordinary clothes. But before she could ask who they were supposed to be, Frank grinned and snapped his fingers. \"Hey, Holden and Phoebe, right? From The Catcher in the Rye ?\" \"Yeah,\" Olive said, surprised. \"How'd you know?\" Dwayne almost laughed. She probably thought it was some little-known book that only her brother had ever read. \"Are you kidding?\" their uncle asked. \"I loved that book when I was Dwayne's age. Still do. Sheryl, can I a get a copy of that picture? I'll show it to my students. You two are probably the same age difference as Holden and Phoebe, too. What great costumes.\" Dwayne almost smiled as Sheryl took their picture, and then he and Olive set off for trick-or-treating. \"Have fun and be careful!\" their mother's voice called after them as they ventured into the dark, windy night. Olive was excited and energized, and they walked a few blocks in each direction, stopping and knocking at every house with a porch light on. A few more adults recognized them as Holden and Phoebe - such a change from the typical skeletons and zombies - and made the same comment as their uncle, \"I loved that book when I was your age.\" One man even got his camera and took a picture of them; he said he would keep it in his copy of the book. Between houses, the night breeze scattered dry leaves across the sidewalks, and groups of other excited kids in costumes waved as they passed by. Dwayne enjoyed it more than he thought he would. As they pounded the pavement between two houses, Olive asked through a mouthful of bubblegum, \"What does that mean, anyway? The Catcher in the Rye ?\" Dwayne pulled his hunting hat down lower like Holden always did. \"Uh, it's sort of a daydream that Holden has. He imagines a bunch of kids playing in a field of rye - \" \"What's rye?\" \"It's a kind of wheat. He imagines a bunch of kids playing in a field of rye near a cliff, and his job is to stand at the edge of the cliff and make sure none of the kids get too close.\" In the book, Holden had only ever spoken to Phoebe about his fantasy of being the catcher in the rye. \"I know it's crazy,\" he'd said, \"but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.\" But Olive didn't find it crazy. She just smacked her bubblegum and said, \"Oh, okay,\" as if it was completely normal. Only his family . Dwayne thought back to the Little Miss Sunshine pageant, and how he had tried to stop Olive from going onstage. He'd wanted to be the catcher in the rye, too. He'd seen his sister playing in her little field of rye, thinking that she had a chance at winning, and he didn't want her falling off that steep, familiar cliff of humiliation. \"I don't want these people judging Olive,\" he'd whispered to Sheryl. \"They're gonna laugh at her! Fuck them!\" But Olive had performed anyway, and even when the audience booed and the host tried to drag her offstage, she didn't care. She just kept dancing. She didn't need him to catch her at all. She jumped off that cliff and learned to fly. Later that evening, as it was drawing close to the curfew that Sheryl had set, Olive's energy was flagging, and her plastic jack-o-lantern bucket was nearly filled with candy. Dwayne had a bucket too, but his was filled with supplies - a flashlight, extra batteries for it, a bottle of water, band-aids (\"She tripped and scraped her knee last year,\" Sheryl said), his copy of The Catcher in the Rye to show to people who ask who they're supposed to be, and out of habit, his notepad and pen. He asked if she was ready to go home, but Olive shook her head. \"Let's go by just a few more houses.\" She suddenly moved closer to Dwayne and slipped her hand into his, something that she hadn't done all night. \"Grandpa would've wanted me to. He would've said, 'Go trick-or-treating for as long as you can, Olive. Get all that free candy while you're still young.'\" Dwayne smirked. \"Yeah, and he would've wanted you to eat it all at once and rot your teeth. He would've said, 'Land your parents with a big dentist bill, Olive!''\" They both laughed, and after their laughter faded away down the dark street, Dwayne muttered, \"I miss that crazy old dude.\" \"Me, too,\" Olive whispered. Her voice shook, and her hand squeezed his, very tightly. They walked a few more feet, and then to cheer her up, he said, \"Hey, maybe next year, you'll be old enough to go trick-or-treating by yourself.\" Olive smiled at him. \"Maybe... but it'd still be more fun if you came with me again.\" FIN ","Summary":" I really enjoyed writing this story and bringing these two fandoms together. This is my entry for t"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"little Miss Sunshine","Author":"VampWolf Girl 4Ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10324896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Diary My name is Olive Hoover. I'm 10 years old and I'd love to be Little Miss Sunshine. My grandad helps me practise my routine because he is my coach, that he helped me come up with everyday for the Little Miss Sunshine contest. My uncle Frank came to stay with us today, he tried to kill himself. Dinner was tense but then I got a call from the beauty pageant saying that I got make sure that I was prepered to win the LIttle Miss Sunshine contest dad asked me if I was preapered to use his Nine steps to winning, I said yes so my whole family-my brother Dwayne(he doesn't talk, he took a vow of silence cause he wants to be in the air force) my grandad, mum, dad, and uncle Frank all decided to come with me to California for the Little Miss Sunshine contest. We dont have enough money cause we are poor so we all drove in our old car a volkswagen bus. Mum ended up breaking the clutch in the bus so we all have to push it to start the car moving.I'm going to go now because i'm starting to feel car sick. By diary. Dear Diary It's me Olive, Dad doesn't like losers, I'm afraid if I loose the Little Miss Sunshine contest he won't love me anymore, I told grandpa and he said even though dad says he doesn't like losers I'm his baby so he will always love me. I went to bed after that, I woke up but grandpa didn't, I wish he would, but I know he is dead. I hope dad doesn't think that grandad is a loser because he gave up and died, I don't want dad to think he is a loser. We called an ambulance to come and get grandad, we followed the ambulance to the hospital where we were waiting for confirmation that grandad was dead. We got told by a nurse that we couldn't leave grandad there so we stole grandad from the hospital and put him in the boot of our car, the whole way to the hotel for the contest i was talking to grandpa in my mind. On the way to the hotel we got pulled over because dad hit the car horn in frustration, he didn't hit it that hard but because our car is so old the horn started going off non stop, which was really loud and annoying. I thought we were in trouble because of the non stop honking, the officer let us go after talking to dad. I'm going to go cause we are almost there and i'm tired. night diary. Dear Diary It's Olive again Dwayne started talking again today in the car, after uncle Frank told him that he is colour blind, he started screaming so we stopped the car and he ran down the hill that we had stopped next to. Mum tried talking to Dwayne but he just got even more upset, dad told me to go talk to Dwayne, mum tried to stop me but I went anyway. I gave Dwayne a hug, but I also told him that he may be colour blind but he is the best brother anyway and that I don't think he is a loser. That got him to calm down and apologise to mum and then we all got back in the car. We got to the hotel and put my name down, a couple of minutes before I went on stage dad and Dwayne came in and spoke to mum about not letting me go on stage, I decided to go on with the show. I got on stage and dedicated my performance to grandpa, I started dancing but people got up and left because they didn't like my dancing, I felt like a loser when I saw people leaving. I hope dad doesn't think i'm a loser, dad came on stage because the guy with the microphone was chasing me, dad started dancing with me then mum, Dwayne and uncle Frank joined in as well, I had fun and i think it brought our family a lot closer. On the way home I asked dad if he thought I was a loser because I didn't win and he told me that he didn't believe in the nine steps to winning anymore, because I showed him that you don't have to be a winner to win. Dad used to be a firm believer in his self made nine steps to winning, but losing the contract deal made him rethink his choice, seeing me onstage and losing grandpa just helped him make up his mind that you don't need nine steps to winning because its not winning that makes you a winner, its trying your best, thats what makes you a winner. This whole trip has brought me and my family closer together than ever. Thank you diary, for always listening to my thoughts and problems, we are almost home now so i'm going to go. Olive Hoover ","Summary":" Dear Diary My name is Olive Hoover. I'm 10 years old and I'd love to be Little Miss Sunshine. My gr"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"I Just Watched","Author":"SherlockAndJohnForever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9929859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I have a reason. A reason to be quiet, and it's not because of a commitment. It's because of my past. I want to share it with you, however painful, I want to, so you don't think I have no reason for anything. When I was five, I was asleep one night. My sister wasn't alive yet. I was asleep until a knock on the door woke me up. I disregarded it, and nearly drifted off to sleep again when I heard a loud sound. I groggily got up, and looked to the door. A man in all black had kicked our door in. I didn't know what to do, so I just watched. My parents got up from their bedroom downstairs, and saw him. The man said something, something I couldn't hear. The blood drained from my parents' faces, and they shook their heads. He kept yelling and they kept shaking their heads and my mom started crying. He wanted to go upstairs, but my mother stopped him. He pushed her away, and my dad punched him. He got a knife. Small, but very sharp, and stabbed my father in the shoulder three times, until he begged the man to stop. My mother put herself in between the two men, and then it happened. The man had a pistol. He fired it at my mom, and at first she only looked down in disbelief. Her grey robe, now red. My dad crude out- and was shot in the leg, chest, and then arm. The man started going upstairs, and I bolted out the window onto our flat roof, and lied flat. He looked around. He looked everywhere. He started cursing, banging on things, until he heard a whimper. He approached the window, and tore me from the shingles. I ran, and fell down the stairs. He got his knife, and he cut my skinny back from my shoulder to right above my hips, and I was lying right next to my dying parents, also bleeding to death. They kept murmuring 'why' 'why' 'why'. I crude to myself, and blacked out. A while later, I woke up in a hospital. I know now, that my parents dyed because of me. The man was looking for me. My now dead parents found me on the side of a road when I was three months. No one has ever wanted me. Not my parents. Not these people who found me- no one. When I was better, and by that I mean my back was healed, I was given to my grandparents. They knew it was my fault. Every night for five years, they abused me mercilessly. They'd tie me up, get a wrench, and hit me. Over. And over. And then they'd scream at me and lock my up and feed me nothing. I got water from a leak in the basement where they locked me up. I got food from anything I could find. When I was fourteen, the cops found out. I was given to three more abusive families. By the time I was fourteen, I had had four abusive families, been beat up daily by bullies, and my ribs and spine were visible through my shirt, although even now I eat nearly nothing. My last family adopted me because they apparently wanted me. I have a sister named olive now. A suicidal uncle and bankrupt parents. A now dead drug addict of a grandfather. I recently didn't talk for nine months. I want to fly jets so badly. So badly. But I'm color blind. I CANT DO THE ONE THING ID EVER LOVE! This is why I am depressed. Silent. Why I don't look like my \"family\". Why I hate every one except olive. She is the best little sister in the world. She is seven, and she wants be a Beauty Queen. I told you my story. I'm crying now, I'm dying inside as always. ~Dwane. ","Summary":" I have a reason. A reason to be quiet, and it's not because of a commitment. It's because of my pas"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Sheryl's Brother","Author":"OrnamentofRhyme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11770350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is part one of the Family (Mis)adventure series. People just don't get her brother. Sheryl learned that quite early on in life. She couldn't pinpoint when, exactly, but she still has memories of how, when they were children, he would stand on his bed and tell tame stories with outrageous characters, and they were the funniest things she'd ever heard. Sometimes she was left in tears afterward, and he would settle down beside her and proceed to riff and review his own story, as if they'd just heard it on the radio or TV. But she remembers when their baby sister Cindy was old enough and she sat in on one of Frank's narratives. She got bored a sixth of the way through, and left. Frank tried to hide his hurt as he continued, and Sheryl tried to make up for Cindy's lack of excitement by intensifying her own. He gave her a kiss on the forehead that night. It was a touching act that always stuck with her. There was one other person who understood Frank, and that was their grandmother, Esther. Esther was considered odd by their father's side of the family, but their mother's adored her. She was the kind of grandmother who kept a perfect sunroom, radiated with her exuberance, and always had time for her children's children. Sheryl and Frank in particular held a special place in her heart. They were a trio who were magnetized to each other whenever they were near enough to connect. The three of them would have tea in the garden under the fountaining leaves of the willow and talk for hours, or they would hide in the attic and listen to music, or they would be in the kitchen experimenting with mishmashed recipes. That was their weekend, as often as they could have it. Cindy preferred the company of her grandfather and the horses. She was their confidant and best friend, Esther was. Alongside Sheryl (as they were all sitting around the glass table outside at the time) she was the first person Frank talked to about his draw toward other boys. Sheryl doesn't remember much of what was said, only that Esther's protectiveness did not fail them. She encouraged Frank to find someone to love \"regardless of their gender or color\", only asking that he find someone who undoubtedly loved him back. Then, she turned to Sheryl and made the same request. Sheryl seemed to have failed in that respect a few times, but she didn't doubt that Esther would still be ferociously proud of the great grandchildren Sheryl had produced. Dwayne and Olive would have captured her heart. She never got the chance to meet them, though, as she passed away when she and Frank were in their teens. It shook them to their cores, but during the funeral, Frank still found the tenacity (for which Esther would have been pleased) to speak in her honor. Frank had squeezed Sheryl's knee, all draped in the white satin and lacy mesh of her skirt, and walked around the altar to stand beside the too-tall lectern. He slipped from his sleek black pocket a sheet of paper, which he unfolded and read. It was the lyrics their grandmother's favorite song, and she had said numerous times that she hoped someone would read it when her time was up. In a mellowed voice, that shook with his sorrow and anxiety, Frank read aloud the lyrics of Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go by Wham. Sheryl cringed at the gasps of appall and outrage, but she kept her eyes on Frank, who she was grateful refused to look up from his page because she didn't think her faltering, encouraging smile would make up for the warped expressions of everyone else. When the lyrics were finished, Frank's hands shook violently as he folded the page back up and pocketed it. He stumbled down the step around the altar and slumped into Sheryl's side. She held his quaking hands and whispered, \"Grandma loved it.\" Frank's chin quivered, and tears began to roll down his cheeks. They knew Esther would not have sincerely asked anyone to actually read that song to the grieving family, who surely wouldn't understand the meaning it held to her, and by extension the siblings. But Frank had a strange sense of loyalty, and even though none of them would get the joke, he still put it out there for Esther. For her memory. It was just another show of how few people understood Frank. She always thought that if Frank had been around more when Dwayne was growing up, the two of them would have developed another vitalizing bond for Frank, one she hadn't seen before or since grandma Esther. Dwayne was intelligent in many of the same ways as Frank, and had the driest wit she'd seen in someone who wasn't her brother. She just knew they would love each other. But Frank wasn't around much. After Esther's death, they slowly pulled apart—so slowly as to be imperceptible up until the point where too much damage had been done. There was no fallout, just the different paths they chose. Still, Frank sort of fell into their laps sometimes, when his depressions got to be too much and he needed her support (which she gave gladly). And then he'd pick himself back up and pretend everything had been solved, throw himself back into his work, and fade into the background for another couple of years. This time, when Frank landed back in her life, the severity was more real. A suicide attempt. An actual suicide attempt. She almost lost her brother. She took him home, put him in with Dwayne because she trusted her son with the responsibility. She fretted and it irritated him, but she couldn't afford not to. She kissed him on the forehead like he did for her all those years ago. And then they went on a road trip, because that's apparently where life was headed. Family (mis)adventure to California. It's pretty terrible, Sheryl thought as they drove down an endless road. Edwin was grumpy, Richard was grumpy, Frank was bitterly resigned, and Dwayne's misery was silent (although apparent). Olive, for her part, was blessedly unaware of everyone's pain. At least she had her music to listen to. The rest of the family had to listen to Richard, who was expounding upon his deal with Stan Grossman. Unfortunately, his excitement wasn't catching. \"—And, I don't know, two minutes in Stan stops me, he says, 'I can sell this.'\" \"Mmhmm. Interesting,\" Frank droned. Sheryl looked back at him—interesting indeed: he had his head perched on his knuckle and his eyes gleamed with all the vigor of a dry noodle. She faced the road again with the corner of her lips twitching. At all the right moments he intoned again, and Richard just kept on talking. It all came to a head at 'ticking clock auction'. \"Holy—how about that,\" Frank exclaimed. Sheryl stuffed her tongue into her cheek and bit down. A smile fought to appear. He must have spotted something, because the next time he spoke, Richard said, \"Yeah, and I can detect that—that note of sarcasm there, Frank.\" Frank replied, \"What sarcasm? I didn't—I didn't hear—\" \"But I want you to know something: I feel sorry for you,\" Richard told him. \"Because sarcasm is the refuge of losers.\" \"It is? Really?\" Frank didn't miss a beat at Richard's condescension. She looked back at him. God, she missed this piece of him. Even more so when he put more effort into it: \"Wow, Richard, you've really opened my eyes to what a loser I am. How much do I owe you for those pearls of wisdom?\" Sure, she inevitably had to break it up, but it was well worth it to hear some fight from her brother. She reached back to swat Frank's knee. \"You're so bad,\" she said with a grin. Before she could turn back around she caught sight of her son in the back seat. Dwayne was the most stoic person she had ever known, but just then, on the tail-end of Frank's jabs at Richard, he had an amused smile on his lips. These days it was his equivalent of a hearty laugh, and its extreme rarity in appearance was practically criminal. Sheryl loved that look on her boy. What a wonderful surprise that it had been coaxed out by her brother's sense of humor. Perhaps Frank and Dwayne had a chance at bonding yet. Perhaps, she thought with joy in her chest, Frank was developing another supporter. ","Summary":" This is part one of the Family (Mis)adventure series. People just don't get her brother. Sheryl lea"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"American Beauty","Author":"xMikal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9068397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Six months, six whole months had passed and he was still on suicide watch. Apparently his psychiatrist thought it was for the best because according to him, he was obviously in better shape, but not yet ready to deal with the pressures of the world. Frank thought this was entirely ridiculous and that he was quite sure the number one Proust Scholar was perfectly capable of handling himself. Though, many people would probably contradict that notion, Frank liked to think that he was quite all right now. I suppose he would no longer say he was depressed; he was more confused and stressed than anything. For the last 5 months or so Frank had been working diligently on his own book on Proust, something that would make Sugarman fall from his throne. He could see it now, a review on his book in large bold letters \"Dr. Ginsberg's book in no way shape or form can be compared to that of Dr. Sugarman, Ginsberg is simply too brilliant!\" Frank liked the thought of such a review, and he would do whatever it took to read it one day. He had spent night upon night reading Sugarman's book, sitting with a highlighter and post-it notes, marking everything that he thought necessary, taking careful note of all things he thought needed to be corrected. Yet, on most nights, it was incredibly hard to pay to much attention to what he was doing. It's not that he was uninterested in his own work, rather, he was just interested in something else. Every night he sat in his bed, staring intently at his notes, but every single night he always found himself lifting his eyes above his notebook and wandering harmlessly over the lithe form that laid sprawled across the bed not to far from his own. He watched as the boy's chest rose up and down ever so gently with every small breath, the way his lips twitched slightly in his sleep. Frank even began to notice the faint movement of Dwayne's closed eyes when the young man began to dream, and of course every night Frank scolded himself. It wasn't as bad at first, Frank merely just watched Dwayne. However, over time it developed into much more. His eyes began to wander to private places on his nephew's body, his mind began to conjure up images of him and Dwayne and eventually, these thoughts wandered out of their room and Frank found himself thinking of these things whenever he was with Dwayne. Frank knew how wrong it was, Frank hated that he was thinking such preposterous things and no matter how long he lay awake thinking about it and scolding himself, he could not make Dwayne stray from his mind. Of course, the situation didn't seem all that bad. After all, no harm was coming from it, Dwayne had not the slightest clue and Frank made sure to keep it a private secret that he was quite sure he would take to the grave. Then everything took a violent change. Dwayne was 18, and despite the fact that Frank was now off suicide watch, he remained at the house simply because it was easier to work on his book when he had free room and board. All these emotions swarming inside of him still remained, but most of them were subdued as Frank forced himself to be disgusted at just the thought of Dwayne as more then just his nephew. Of course, this became increasingly harder as Dwayne matured and every now and again Frank would swear on his life that there was something more, that Dwayne was hinting towards something. Frank always ignored any irregularities for many reasons, but every time it always caught his attention. It was just little things like a strange look from across the room, a glance that lasted just a little too long, convenient accidental touches to very private parts of the Frank's body and moments of wrestling that could have lead to something rather sexual had either of them taken the opportunity to advance. And every time these little things happened, Dwayne always left the room shortly after and the more and more it happened, the more suspicious Frank became and it got to the point that Frank could no longer just ignore it. It was a normal day, Sheryl and Richard were both at work, Olive was at a friend's house and Dwayne and Frank were left to themselves which meant that they would spend the day watching movies and criticizing the plots that they thought were poorly woven. Today they had picked a handful of movies and at the moment they were watching one of Dwayne's favorites 'American Beauty'. This of course meant that the air was not open for any snide remarks as there would be violent consequences for any bashing of the movie. Frank lounged comfortably on the small love seat and Dwayne sat next to him mere inches away, leaned forward with his face resting in his hands. The teen always watched this movie with great intent, as though every time he watched it he was expecting to find something new that he hadn't caught before. Frank had always had a so so feeling about the movie, as it seemed to have depth but at the same time the bag scene was just a little too much for him. It didn't really matter though, because Dwayne absolutely adored the movie, and to be honest, Frank just liked to see his nephew happy. As the movie was close to ending, Frank furrowed his eyebrows and watched a particular part of the movie he had always been quite fond of. Both Ricky Fitts and the girl were standing in the room with that dumb blonde when she spoke so triumphantly \"Well at least I'm not ugly\" followed closely by a retort by Ricky, \"Yes you are, and you're boring, and totally ordinary, and you know it.\" Frank couldn't help but smile and he turned his head to look at Dwayne for just a moment and to his shock, he saw two bright blue eyes staring right back at him. His breath practically caught in his throat, unexpecting of Dwayne's close proximity, he opened his mouth just the slightest bit to say something, anything, but his words failed him entirely. Before he could even think a second more, Dwayne was up and walking out on his favorite movie. Frank sat dumbfounded, completely confused as to what just happened, and picturing only the quiet and soft expression of his nephew. It seemed so surreal, so fake in every way. Closing his eyes, Frank did his best to permanently capture the moment in his mind and it hit Frank that he couldn't just sit around and let this happen again. Bolting out of his seat, he ran across the house, hands at his side out of poor habit and the entire time he shouted in his mind how wrong this was. It was his nephew for God sakes, but…did it really matter anymore? Does it really matter who the person is if you care about them more then life itself? Opening the door slowly to their shared room, Frank peeked his head in to see Dwayne with his face buried deep into his pillow. With a gentle sigh, he closed the door behind him and made his way slowly over to Dwayne's bed. Sitting down softly, Frank rub his hand gently on Dwayne's back and whispered in a soothing tone \"Dwayne, sit up…okay…I think we need to talk…\" Shaking his head, Dwayne only held his pillow tighter and Frank heard a sniffle from somewhere in the stuffing and stopped moving his hand at the small of Dwayne's back. \"Dwayne?\" he questioned softly, becoming increasingly worried. \"Dwayne, are you okay?\" he asked again. Dwayne only shook his head and remained as stiff as a board. Frank gave a heavy sigh and removed his hand from his nephew's back and placed it lamely in his lap, but just as he did so Dwayne's voice could be heard from the depths of the pillow, \"No…please…don't go\" Frank immediately looked over towards the muffled voice and saw that Dwayne was slowly sitting up. \"What?\" Frank spoke, his voice barely making it past his clenched throat and dry tongue. \"I said…please don't go…\" Dwayne murmured. His face was streaked with watermarks and his eyes were bloodshot from crying. Frank let out another sigh at the sight of him, but he reached forward and hesitantly pushed a few midnight locks from Dwayne's moist face. \"Don't worry, I wasn't going to leave you\" he said with a smile. Letting his hand fall once again he spoke with the quiet intelligence of a scholar \"Now, can we discuss what's been making you so distraught lately? Because you're insane to think that I haven't noticed.\" A familiar smile fell onto Frank's face as he relaxed a bit, recalling a conversation that noted that Dwayne was experiencing his prime suffering years. Dwayne remained silent for a long while, his eyes still remaining locked onto his uncle. Frank could feel a strange nervousness creeping up his spine with every passing second and all he wanted to do was get this conversation over with because the closeness was getting to him and his mind was racing more and more and he knew he was supposed to be the calm one and everything was just exploding and suddenly…everything just stopped… Warm, chapped lips pressed softly against his as shaky hands rested against his chest. Frank could feel himself dizzying and his eyes opened as he watched his nephew pull away. Then…blackness. \"Frank…\" \"Frank…wake up…\" A familiar voice sunk through a strange blackness and Frank's eyes fluttered open slowly to see Dwayne straddled over him, fully clothed thank God. His head turned sideways, and it was then he realized that he was lying on the floor as he could see directly under his cot where a few dirty magazines sat in a small heap in the corner. \"Frank…\" Dwayne's voice came again and a thin, pale hand gently caressed his cheek. Turning back to look up at him, Frank squinted his eyes shut for a moment, fending off a frightening new headache. \"What happened?\" Frank mumbled as he raised a hand to his temple, except he ended up placing it on Dwayne's hand instead. \"Well…\" Dwayne said with a faint laugh, \"You kinda'…fainted a second ago…\" Any sense of laughter immediately dissolved as a serious look over took the teen's face. \"I'm really…Frank…I shouldn't have…I don't know what I was thinking…it's wrong Frank, but I mean, I can't help it…Frank I…I'm sorry, I'm sorry…I know we can't ever…\" All of Dwayne's words were fragmented and Frank couldn't help but offer a small smile and even though his mind was screaming at him, telling him that it was indeed wrong, he pulled Dwayne's face down with confidence, even though the kiss was hesitant. Frank's lips ghosted over Dwayne's, both of them shaking with sweet anticipation and nerves. This was something they had both been waiting for over the past few years, and both of them knew just how wrong all of it was, but just for now, they both tried to think that their family was already fucked up, and that a little more insanity might not matter all too much. ","Summary":" Six months, six whole months had passed and he was still on suicide watch. Apparently his psychiatr"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Let's Get Lost","Author":"outruntheavalanche","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9053114","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was supposed to be much longer but, oops. I ran out of steam. I guess this is a bunch of little vignettes from Dwayne's POV, post-movie. Title from the Elliott Smith song. I prompted this at the multi-fandom teen comment! ficathon and I guess I'm filling it myself because I suck. This is also probably very unnecessary. The Craigslist killing Olive refers to is this one. I think I've kind of wonked up the timeline, but in my mind the movie takes place in the summer of '06 and this fic takes place mostly in October of '07. Let's Get Lost I don't know where I'll go now and I don't really care who follows me there but I'll burn every bridge that I cross — \"Let's Get Lost,\" Elliott Smith Nothing really changes after they get home, besides the fact Grandpa is dead and Frank finally gets his own room. Dwayne still isn't going to the Air Force Academy—he's not really sure which parent to blame for the fucked up genetics that led to his color blindness, but Mom is here and Dad isn't so she gets the brunt of his anger and blame—and Richard is still overbearing and annoying, and Mom is still a doormat, and Frank is still... Well, Dwayne isn't sure what Frank is. Frank actually seems to be the only one in the family who doesn't have their head stuck up their ass—excepting Dwayne, of course, and sometimes Olive. Olive is okay. It's not her fault. Neither of them asked to be born into this family. Mom and Richard have been fighting more and more since they got back from California. It's really bad. They must think he can't hear because he's in the basement or something, but the sound fucking carries. It maybe wouldn't be so damn obvious if they weren't standing right next to the vent, but whatever. Right now, Dwayne wishes he had some white noise headphones that could drown out the low rumble of Mom and Richard's latest row. Their angry voices sound faraway, hazy, like they're coming out of speakers with the volume turned way down. At least it's not like that one night, at the motel, when he thought it might actually be the end. Dwayne's bedroom door creaks open and he doesn't move. He keeps his eyes closed and holds himself rigidly, keeps his breathing even. \"Pssst. Dwayne?\" Dwayne opens his eyes. \"What is it?\" Oliver stands in the doorway in a long, lacy white nightgown and her big, Coke bottle glasses. \"Are Mom and Dad gonna get divorced?\" \"Do you want them to,\" Dwayne asks quietly. \"No... Well, I don't think so,\" Olive says, pushing the glasses up the bridge of her nose. \"They'll be fine,\" Dwayne says, even though he's not really sure. He sits up and leans over to turn on the light by his bedside. \"You wanna sleep with me tonight?\" Olive gives him a big nod, still clutching the doorknob in her tiny hand. \"Well, okay, then. Hop in.\" Dwayne kicks the comforters down and waves an arm over the space next to him. Olive breaks into a grin, bounds into his room, and leaps into the bed. \"Thank you, Dwayne.\" She wraps her arms around his neck and squeezes. Dwayne pries her arms away from his neck. \"Don't mention it.\" Olive settles next to him and she's out like a light practically before her head hits the pillow. The next morning, Frank announces over breakfast that he's thinking of looking at getting his own place in the area. Richard looks overjoyed as he shovels a perfectly cut square of golden brown waffle into his mouth and Mom just sighs and stares into the coffee mug cupped in her hands. \"But Frank,\" she says to the curls of steam rising from the mug, \"what about what your doctor—\" \"I've been feeling much better lately, Sheryl. I started looking at maybe... I don't know, moving out, teaching an online French lit course at the local community college,\" Frank says calmly, offering her a thin smile. \"Frank, that's great!\" Richard smiles, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. He gives Frank a too-hard pat on the back and Dwayne has to give Frank props for not pulling away. \"Uncle Frank, does this mean you're leaving us?\" Olive looks devastated. \"Maybe, Olive. I haven't really decided yet,\" Frank tells her. \"Where will you live?\" Olive asks. \"I don't know. I might take a look at some listings on Craigslist,\" Frank tells her. Olive frowns. \"But what if you get serial killed?\" Mom lifts her head and her eyes widen. She presses a hand to her forehead like she might be faint. \"What?\" \"There was a thing on the news, about a girl who answered an ad on Craigslist. She got serial killed !\" Olive says it like it's the most scandalous thing ever. Dwayne rolls his eyes and pushes his half-eaten waffles around on his plate with his fork and knife. \"No one's going to serial kill me, Olive,\" Frank says, with a quiet laugh. \"How do you know that? I bet that nanny didn't think anyone was gonna serial kill her either!\" Olive says, still looking scandalized. Dwayne finally speaks up. \"People don't get serial killed, Olive.\" She looks at him, cocking her head like an inquisitive owl. An inquisitive owl in a fuzzy red headband and matching red jogging suit. \"What?\" \"That girl got murdered, not serial killed.\" \"Dwayne, finish your waffles,\" Mom snaps, lowering her hand. \"Olive, your uncle Frank is not going to get serial killed.\" Mom glances at Frank over Olive's head. \"He's also not ready to move out yet.\" Frank and Mom have a silent conversation, with just their eyes and the downturned lines at their mouths. Dwayne is almost impressed. The staring contest goes on for a couple more awkward, tension-filled minutes before Mom finally breaks the silence with forced cheer and Frank looks away. \"Olive, you look like you could use some more waffles. Here.\" Mom aggressively scrapes a couple waffles onto Olive's plate and practically drowns them in Mrs. Butterworth syrup. Olive doesn't question, just grins and digs in. Richard moves out a few days later, while Mom is at work and Dwayne and Olive are at school. (Mom asks Frank later why he didn't stop Richard from leaving, and Frank just gives her this look that could peel paint off the walls.) Olive sits in front of the TV and cries and cries and cries, and Mom tries to put on a brave face for her while she explains that sometimes even mommies and daddies who love each other very much have to throw in the towel. Dwayne almost wants to tell Olive the truth, that she was a surprise pregnancy and Mom and Richard got married so Olive would have a dad on her birth certificate, but Richard just kind of... stayed longer than anyone expected. But Dwayne doesn't tell Olive any of that, because he really does like her, maybe even love her sometimes, when he's feeling forgiving toward his family. Olive's a smart kid who deserves the truth, but not that much truth. Dwayne walks in on Frank in Grandpa's old bedroom, jerking it to a gay porno mag. There's a box of Mom's scented aloe vera Kleenex on the bed next to him. \"Oh. Shit.\" Frank covers himself with the magazine, which really doesn't do much to rectify the situation considering the images on the cover. Dwayne shrugs, walks to Grandpa's old walk-in closet and opens it. \"Um, Dwayne,\" Frank says. Dwayne turns on the light in the closet and pulls out a little wooden step stool, climbs aboard. \"I'm not looking. You can finish, if you want.\" There's an old shoebox on the top of Grandpa's closet, labeled FAMILY PHOTOS. Dwayne's pretty sure Grandpa stashed some pot in there. \"I don't think I'm comfortable with that,\" Frank says. Dwayne grabs the shoebox, hops off the stool and turns off the light. Frank discreetly tucks himself back in his boxers and tugs up his pants. \"It's okay,\" Dwayne says, tucking the shoebox under his arm. He nods to Frank. \"It's not like I haven't seen other guys' junk before before.\" Frank looks away, reaches down and readjusts himself. \"Well, this isn't awkward at all.\" Dwayne is wrong about the shoebox. It really is just a shoebox full of old family photos. He keeps it anyways. ","Summary":" This was supposed to be much longer but, oops. I ran out of steam. I guess this is a bunch of littl"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Lucha por cumplir tu sueño","Author":"Rosseemmet love","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7218096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OLIVA POV: Mucha gente piensa que a los siete años de edad lo único que tienes en la cabeza es jugar con muñecas o saltar a la comba, sin embargo, a mis siete años, he aprendido lo que significa la familia y la importancia de cumplir un sueño. Quizá por eso, y a pesar se ser la más pequeña, sea la que mejor entiende a Dwayne en estos momentos, para él pilotar lo es todo, es su sueño, un sueño por el que no ha hablado en nueve meses, un sueño que ahora se viene abajo ante una sospecha, una enfermedad que podría poner fin a su carrera incluso antes de empezar. Pero lo más importante no es cumplir tu sueño sino quien está contigo cuando lo intentas, por eso yo, Ollie, a mis siete años, estoy bajando por una colina para hablar con mi hermano por primera vez en nueve meses. -Lo siento.-Es lo único que alcanzó a decir mientras espero que el abrazo en el que ahora estamos sumergidos lo reconforte.- -Márchate Ollie.-Me dice Dwayne, pero eso es algo a lo que no estoy dispuesta.- -Puede que el daltonismo te impida pilotar en este momento pero eso no significa que no puedas cumplir tus sueños.-Mira a tu alrededor, el tío Frank ha intentado suicidarse pero ahora lucha por recuperarse, papá no es un triunfador pero lucha para que eso cambie, mamá cuida de nosotros a pesar de todos nuestros errores y el abuelo, el abuelo…-Dije incapaz de contener las lágrimas.-El abuelo ha muerto hace unas horas pero ha aprovechado cada minuto de su vida, todos ellos luchan por cumplir sus sueños, y no solo eso, todos han venido aquí por mi, para ayudarme a cumplir mi sueño.-Me levantó puesto que se que en el fondo ya no puedo decirle nada más, ahora todo depende de él. -Tienes razón Ollie.-Dice levantándose para sorpresa de todos.-Todos tenemos derecho a cumplir nuestros sueños y el tuyo es ganar Pequeña Miss Sunshine, y no seré yo quien te lo arrebate. -Gracias Dwayne, y aunque ahora te perezca que no, encontrarás la forma de pilotar y de hacer lo que verdaderamente te gusta-Dije mientras sentía como me levantaba el brazos y me llevaba hasta la furgoneta. Queréis saber algo, no gané, pero luche hasta el final, luché por cumplir mi sueño y eso en verdad es lo importante, porque a diferencia de todas las demás niñas que estaban allí, yo tenía una familia que me apoyaba y que siempre me apoyará, y eso es mejor que cualquier corona, a pesar de que solo tenga siete años. Se que Ollie es un poco profunda para tener 7 años pero quien mejor que ella para abrirle los ojos a Dwayne, dejad vuestros comentarios y por favor no seaís muy duros que es mi segundo Fic. ","Summary":" OLIVA POV: Mucha gente piensa que a los siete años de edad lo único que tienes en la cabeza es juga"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Okay","Author":"kinky finkelstein","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4175902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dwayne can't sleep. It's almost three in the morning, and still he is lying on his small bed, thinking about the cot that stands maybe three feet away. It is the cot that Frank occupies, his uncle Frank, whom he's closer to than anyone else in his family—and it is empty. The thing is, Dwayne has gotten so used to listening to Frank's quiet, even breathing at night that he's now helpless to drift off without it. He clenches his fists and lets his breath hiss from between his teeth. His hair falls out of his face, and he closes his eyes and breathes. He can go to sleep by himself. He just isn't used to being alone, and the irony doesn't escape him, after all he's the boy who spent months without voicing a word to anyone. He's alright with solitude. Except there's a difference between solitude and lying awake because you need to listen to your uncle's steady respiration as he sleeps. This bothers him. He counts his breaths since he can't count Frank's, and he lies in the dark for what might be minutes, might be hours, and might even be all night for what it seems. He rolls on his side and opens his eyes to see Frank sitting on the cot, massaging his eyes with his fingertips and looking almost comically rumpled in his white cotton pajama top. \"Frank?\" says Dwayne, and his voice is hoarse with sleepiness. \"Dwayne,\" his uncle answers, and his hands fall from his face to his lap. His eyes are large and sleepless, but filled with usual good humor all the same. Dwayne is stricken again by his rumpledness, and he thinks amusedly that Frank looks like a puppy when he's tired. \"Where you been?\" \"Just out. You're too quiet when you sleep.\" he says seriously, and Dwayne smiles. \"I didn't sleep,\" he says, and Frank grins because he didn't either. \"Good thing for us it's summer, I guess. No school for you, no teaching for me.\" Then a comfortable silence comes, and Frank checks his alarm clock and shuts it off. He gets up and sits again on the edge of Dwayne's single bed this time, and Dwayne feels a strong hand on his shoulder. He's not uneasy or bothered now that Frank's here, but he feels like going to sleep now. He nestles into his pillow and looks at Frank, and Frank looks back. Dwayne decides that at night, it doesn't seem so bad. It seems like love, and that's all. No big deal. No big deal at all, it's just in the way that Frank looks back at him sometimes. The way being around him meant feeling safe, the way that Frank wasn't the fragile piece of work that the family seemed to think sometimes. He's got the scars to prove it, and Dwayne's eyes linger for a minute on the thick, twisted scars that Frank bears on his wrist. \"You okay?\" Frank asks him, and he realizes that Frank must have caught a little of it. It was in his face, maybe. Dwayne thought he was okay at hiding things, he had to be, but when it's four in the morning and you haven't slept at all and the fingers dancing across your shoulder belong to the person you're never supposed to love—you might let your guard down a little. He doesn't answer, and Frank doesn't press it. Dwayne is grateful for that. Frank is cool about things, like when he found out Dwayne quit talking because of Nietzsche and flight school, all he had to say was Far out. Open-minded, he guesses you could call Frank. Open-minded —, he realizes, and he hitches his breath a little. Frank stops the gentle motion of his hand, but lets it rest still on Dwayne's shoulder. \"You really okay?\" He looks concerned now, and he turns slightly so that they can see each other's faces properly. No use pretending it's all good now. It's either the truth or part of it, and he still isn't sure which is going to come out. Dwayne braces himself and plunges into the first question, the easy one. \"How did you find out you were… you were gay?\" he says rapidly, spitting it out hard. Frank seems taken aback. \"Just… ah, the way anyone else finds love, I guess. Except for me, it was with another boy.\" Dwayne thinks of his seven-year-old sister at the dinner table— \"You fell in love with a boy ? That's silly.\" Uncle Frank agrees. Yes, it was very silly. He reaches clumsily for Frank's hand, and now Frank is holding his, his thumb is gently tracing the veins in Dwayne's hand, and it's almost too much. Dwayne squeezes Frank's hand and says nothing. He guesses that Frank has deduced enough without words, and he's not wrong. \"It's okay,\" Frank says quietly, \"it's not the end of the world. Don't be scared.\" \" Nothing is okay,\" says Dwayne, and his voice is husky and rough. \"Sure it is. Or it will be.\" There is silence again, and Dwayne is acutely aware when Frank wraps his other arm around his waist and hugs him tight for a second. Then he releases him, and he asks, \"Is there someone?\" Dwayne averts his eyes now, and he nods slowly, feeling like his head is waterlogged, it's so heavy. \"Are they…?\" Frank asks. \"Yeah.\" He has to blink a few times, and oh god is he going to cry in front of Frank? It wouldn't be the first time… but he doesn't want to cry now. He doesn't want to guilt him. \"Yeah… but it doesn't matter anyway. It can't ever happen.\" \"Can I ask why?\" Dwayne chuckles, but it is completely without laughter. \"You'd think it was pretty disgusting.\" Frank says nothing but waits, and he isn't holding Dwayne's hand anymore, and that makes it a little better. \"They're a relative.\" Dwayne says finally, and he looks at the wall steadfastly. No going back. Not ever, not now. Frank tenses suddenly. Dwayne feels his body stiffen where they are touching, and he is not surprised, but resigned. \"I don't think we have a lot of gay men in this family, do we?\" Frank says, and his voice sounds calm but he's shaking a little. \"Me, and you, that makes two.\" Dwayne begins apologizing over and over and he sits up, careful not to touch Frank, and moves to stand but Frank stops him. He takes hold of Dwayne's smaller arm firmly, and he pulls him back to the bed. He refuses to meet Frank's eyes, and he inhales sharply when Frank throws caution to the winds and entwines one of Dwayne's smaller hands in both of his large ones. Dwayne is shaking. They have been this close many times, but there's something different now, a new dynamic, and Dwayne sobs a little, angry and harsh toward whatever entity has taken the liberty to fuck up lives, fuck up families, and fuck up people this way. \"Sh, hey, I told you it was going to be okay, didn't I?\" Frank tentatively begins stroking and exploring the smooth white skin of Dwayne's unmarred wrist with unsteady fingers. \"I know, but it's not,\" Dwayne wants to scream this, scream it at the top of his voice, but there couldn't possibly be a worse situation to wake the rest of his family over. \"It's not okay, it's wrong , I don't know why I even told you…\" his voice cracks and his eyes are hot and threatening to spill over and he reaches up to wipe the tears away, but Frank gets there first and strokes them away with his fingertips. \"It's okay,\" Frank repeats. \"It's gonna be okay, just believe me, please… please…\" And Dwayne lets himself be pulled into Frank's arms, and Frank holds him and repeats this mantra— it's okay —that Dwayne can't take faith in . The harsh sobs slowly taper off over time as the dark clouds become pink sunrise. When the light spills into their room Dwayne is still in Frank's arms, his eyes tired and red; Frank is stroking his hair, and by the time the rest of the Hoover family slowly stirs awake and begins rustling around in the kitchen and rec room, Frank and Dwayne have fallen asleep this way, dreaming unsettled dreams and letting themselves be comforted anyway. And for now, it's okay. ... a/n : When I started this, all I had was the first three sentences and I had no clue where I wanted to go. Also there's the fact that I wrote it between 1 and 3 in the morning. So I'm not really sure whether I like it, or if the present tense suits it (it's the first story I wrote in present tense), or any of that crap. Let me know your thoughts? ","Summary":" Dwayne can't sleep. It's almost three in the morning, and still he is lying on his small bed, think"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"The Pros and Cons Of Silence","Author":"Happy for Deep People","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5408064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Love this Film!! I own nothing, sadly Therenare pros and cons to silence , thought Dwayne. At thenmoment his favourite pro was how he could stare at the prettynred-haired waitress for as long as he wanted. The con was that he hadnno way of telling the pretty waitress his order. Or how beautiful shenwas... asking her out... proposing... God, henneeded to get some. \"I'llnbe with you in a second!\" The red head was talking to him. Shenstill had her back to him, doing one of those mysterious things withna coffee machine that only seasoned baristas seem to understand. Howndid you know I was here? Dwayne scribbled on the pad, when shenfinally turned back. \"Sixthnsense. My brother's deaf so I've grown up with silent people. Itnalso means I can understand sign language, you needn't bother withnthe pad!\" She hadna lovely smile. With sweet dimples at the corners – and her rednhair was in tight corkscrew curls which obviously had nothing to donwith a curling iron. Thatnwas the other thing about silence – it made you appreciate yournother senses more. Dwaynenrealised she was signing now and quickly shook his head, scribblingnon the pad again: Notndeaf. Vow of silence. \"Huh.nMay I ask why?\" Longnstory. Too long to tell in a line for Coffee. \"Fairnenough. What do you want... Dwayne right?\" Americano.nHow'd you know my name... Sixth sense again? Shengiggled. \"It's written on the cover of the pad.\" Dwaynensighed. And it had been going so well. I'mna dork . \"Nuh-uh!nWell kinda... But...\" the red head blushed. \" I think you'rencute.\" Hahnmade you blush :P. But you're kidding. No chick finds \"SilentnBob\" cute. \"SilentnBob?\" Dwaynenfelt drunk – though he'd never knowingly been drunk he had a goodnimagination. (Pro). Thisngirl was the first – the only girl to laugh with, rathernthan at him. And he was flirting! If there was one thing DwaynenHoover never did it was flirt – although to be fair he didn't dona lot... Perhaps it was time to start a new way of life. Simpsonsnreference. Uncultured child *TUT*. Littlenred giggled again. \"I'm sorry I just have this thing called anlife. You really oughta get one...\" Ouch. \"Justnkidding.\" Inknow ;). Oh Godndid he just do the wink face? The mark of an imbecile. But She didn'tnseem to mind. Dwayne realised suddenly that She was becomingncapitalised in his mind – like saying God (and that disturbingly,neven his thoughts were beginning to take written form). Anmiddle aged man, paunchy of stomach and balding of head pushed innfront of him, shouting out, \"Hey kid move it along! You'renholdin' up the line!\" Con:nPeople under vows of silence couldn't answer pushy bastards likenthat guy back. Betternmove along. \"I'llnbring the coffee over.\" She smiled that dimpled smile again. Thenredhead brought the coffee over to his table – secluded, near anback door through which he could escape if someone too loud ornobnoxious came in. Back door leading onto an alley. TypicalnDwayne-ish hideout. ThenAmericano came, and the redhead went, too fast for Dwayne to grab hisnpad. He kicked the table, not too hard, just enough to vent some ofnthat frustration that came from silence: con. Idly henturned over a napkin while his coffee cooled to a drinkable degree.nAnd there it was, in neat blue handwriting. Her message. Dwaynen– Mynname's Sarah but my friends call me Saz. I'm interested in thenstory behind your vow – but I'm way more interested in you: thenguy behind the fringe and the silence. Girls get shy too y'know...nthat's why I understand how it's easier to write down thingsnyou're too scared to say out loud. Maybe we could meet up sometimenand you could tell me your story? Andnthen... An email address! A cell phone number! Dwaynenkicked the table again, spilling hot coffee all over it. He was toonhigh to care. Clutching his sacred napkin he ran out the back doornand halfway down the back alley. Breathlessnfrom his thundering heart he leaned his head against the wall. Whennhe'd gathered his wits he looked up, suddenly overwhelmed by annoverpowering, unbearable urge. Therenwas no one here. Even if there was, who'd notice, who'd care?nNobody would know... OnlynDwayne would know. His breath came quick and his cheeks were flushednwith the effort – physical effort, who knew it would be this hard? Dwaynenbreathed in deep, trying to master himself, gain control. Butninstead of a breathy exhalation something else whispered through thenair, so quick it could have been a breeze on the wind. \"I'mnin love. \" Henmoved towards the bustling street, thinking about how words whennseldom spoken were a delicious treat. He moved back towards hisnbizarre family, and his everyday life, full of drudgery to thenobnoxious queue jumpers of his world. ButnDwayne didn't think of those things. He thought only of the twonloves of his life: Silence and Sarah. Sonsilence has a lot of pros , mused Dwayne Hoover as he saunterednout of the back alley behind a Coffee shop. The biggest con is,nit's never going to last forever . I was thinking. Dwayne's a simple soul – he'd like his girlsnquirky and his coffee black! Love? Hate? Indifferent? Please review, it makes me smile. xx ","Summary":" I Love this Film!! I own nothing, sadly Therenare pros and cons to silence , thought Dwayne. At the"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"When We Fell","Author":"Evil-Queen-Charlotte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5174001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Melissa Kimmey was walking along the beach. A book in one hand and her sandals in the other. The waves washed over her feet but she kept walking. She was visiting her grandparents at their nursing home in Florida. She didn't really like it there, too much sun, but she would rather be on the beach then at the home with her parents having to smell ode du old person and sick. She was walking past a guy throwing rocks in the water when a kid came and ran into her while trying to catch a ball. \"Sorry,\" yelled the kid who grabbed the ball and ran back to his friends. Unfortunately for her the force of the kid running into her made her fall on the boy throwing rocks, and they both fell into the ocean. She sat there glaring at the kid as he ran away. She looked at the boy next to he. \"Sorry,\" she said. Then she saw her sandal and book floating next to her, \"where's my other sandal?\" she asked herself grabbing her now ruined book and her sandal. She stood up and looked around. The boy looked too and saw it floating away in the tide and quickly grabbed it and handed it to. \"Oh thanks,\" she said taking it from him, \"you okay? No injuries?\" He pulled out his now wet notebook and looked at it. \"Can you talk?\" he shook his head 'no'. \"Do you talk with the notebook?\" He nodded. \"Here I'll buy you another one. It's the least I can do.\" She walked away and he followed. They walked to a store and many heads turned to look at them for they were still soaking wet. Luckily she kept her money in a waterproof pouch and she paid for a pen and small notebook. They exited the store and sat down in on a bench in the sun in a pathetic attempt to get dry. 'Thanks for the notebook, and sorry about your book.\" he wrote. Melissa nodded. \"So, what happened?\" asked Melissa after a while. Dwayne just looked at her confused. \"What cause you to lose your voice?\" 'I took a vow of silence.' he wrote. \"Interesting. What is the reasoning behind that?\" 'I will be silent until I am in the Air Force.' \"That's impressive.\" They fell silent again. \"I'm Melissa by the way. Melissa Kimmey.\" 'Dwayne Hoover.' That's when Melissa's cell phone rang and she saw she had a text. \"Shoot, I have to go. Sorry again for falling on you. It was nice meeting you, Dwayne. Maybe we can do something tomorrow.\" 'I'm going home tomorrow.' \"Really? Where do you live?\" 'New Mexico' \"Wow, I live in southern California, bit far. Well it was an interesting encounter. I really have to go. Bye.\" And she was gone. Dwayne watched her leave. He was not a people person but something about her drew him in. He shrugged it off, though, because he thought he would never see her again. He was sitting in a chair next to his Uncle Frank when a mother and her two daughters walked by. One was young and looked to be competing, but the older one looked vaguely familiar. \"Melissa if you don't like the dressing rooms then you can just wait out here,\" scolded her mother and she walked in with the youngest daughter. Dwayne sat up straight when he heard the name. The girl sighed then turned around so she was facing Dwayne. That's when she saw him. \"Dwayne Hoover?\" she asked unsure taking a small step forward. \"Melissa Kimmey,\" he stated. \"I never thought I'd see you here. I'm actually shocked I remember your name,\" she said walking over to him. He stood form his chair. \"I honestly forgot about you,\" he said. \"Wait, you're talking, what happened to your vow.\" He looked down. \"I don't want to talk about it,\" he said. \"It's okay,\" she said. \"Dwayne, who's this?\" asked his uncle, who was very confused. \"This is Melissa, I met her in Florida,\" he said. \"Oh, well I'm his uncle, Frank,\" he said standing and holding his hand out. Melissa shook it and he sat back down with his newspaper. Dwayne and Melissa decided to take a bit of walk. \"How about on the pier. I don't need to fall into the water again,\" said Melissa. Dwayne agreed and they walked onto the pier and to the end of it. \"So, Little Miss Sunshine, what are you doing here?\" \"My little sister,\" he said. \"Same, my mum is making me watch too since I'm the one that taught her the dance moves for the talent part,\" she said and put her head on her arms. \"My sister dances too, her grandfather taught her how to dance,\" he said. \"Her? He's not your grandfather?\" \"He was her grandfather, she's my half sister.\" \"Oh, what happened to him?\" \"He was a heroin addict and died in his sleep last night.\" \"Wow.\" \"So you dance huh?\" Dwayne asked after a while of silence. \"Yep, as long as I can remember, seems to be the only thing I'm good at. Plus it gets me out of the house and away from my mum and sister.\" That's when her phone rang again. \"Speak of the devil,\" she said and answered the phone. \"Hi mum yes I know I have to watch okay I'll be right there.\" She hung up and sighed. \"Have to go?\" he asked. She nodded and patted his arm before walking back to the hotel. She actually fell asleep while watching. She only woke up when she saw Dwayne and his family being escorted away from the stage by the police. \"Disgraceful, that was something Melissa would do. Come on you lazy girl go help your sister,\" she said and shoved Melissa out of her chair. Melissa went with her sister to the changing rooms and had to help her into her 'ball gown'. The rest of the time seemed to go by in a blur and before she knew it Melissa was home. They had just pulled up to the hotel in New Mexico for the Little Miss Chilli Pepper contest. Melissa was waiting in the show room sitting in a seat when someone sat next to her. She glanced at them and then did a double take. \"Dwayne?!\" she asked shocked. \"Hey Melissa,\" he said with a short wave. \"Sister competing again?\" she asked. \"Yep,\" he said. \"So do we want to get contacts for each other or just hope we'll see each other at the next beauty pageant?\" she asked. \"Oh sure,\" he said and he pulled out a pen and piece of paper and wrote his address and phone number on it. Melissa did the same things and they switched papers. The rest of the time they just talked and Melissa had to watch her sister when her mum hit her. Dwayne and Melissa parted ways once again and didn't see each other till the next summer. Melissa was walking along the beach, book in hand, sandals in the other. She was walking along the water and avoiding kids running around. That's when one ran into her and she fell onto a guy throwing rocks. They both fell in the water and Melissa watched the kid run away. \"Sorry,\" she said then looked at the guy she had knock over. \"Ever get that feeling like this happened before?\" he asked. \"Why do we keep running into each other?\" asked Melissa grabbing onto her book and sandals. \"Don t know, but it is kind of getting old,\" he said moving his wet hair from in front of his eyes. \"I'd say,\" said Melissa holding her book up. \"Come one I have a towel this time,\" he said. They got out of the water and they sat down on his towel that he had laid out. Melissa, tired, laid down on her back and just sighed. \"I think Florida doesn't like people who read,\" said Melissa. \"Agreed,\" said Dwayne picking her book up and looking at it. Then Dwayne felt something hit his head and then followed by someone landing on top of him, causing him to fall onto Melissa. \"Sorry,\" said a kid grabbing his football then running away. Dwayne and Melissa just laid there staring into each other's eyes. \"Um,\" said Melissa. Dwayne decided to take a risk and pressed his lips against hers. Melissa was shocked, but happy. She kissed him back before they both heard her phone ring. \"Your mum?\" asked Dwayne. Melissa looked at her phone and then chucked it into the ocean. \"Sorry mum it got a little wet,\" she said and smiled up at Dwayne. He smiled back and laid down on his back. The end. ","Summary":" Melissa Kimmey was walking along the beach. A book in one hand and her sandals in the other. The wa"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Broken Dreams","Author":"Under the Willow Tree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6285852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WHY IS LIFE SO SCREWED? WHY IS MY FAMILY SO SCREWED? WHY AM I SO SCREWD? I mean seriously all that work? All that training? All the silent vows? All for nothing because I was freak 'in color blind. Life sucks. I don't even understand what the point of it is anymore. Why even try to live, when you know that some stupid reason is going to squash the living daylights out of all your hopes and dreams anyway? Is this bad karma or something? WHAT DID I EVER FREAK'IN DO TO ANYONE? Why is this all happening to me? I'm not the one who got divorced, or tried to kill himself, or has a drug addiction problem, or who's stupid career plans failed! I just got dragged along. I only wanted one thing in my whole messed Up life, one thing. I am the only sane person in this family. I just sat still and did what everyone told me to do., and look where it got me. LOOK WHERE IT GOT ME! ( a silent tear roles down a pale cheek,) ONESHOT! REVIEW THOUGH PLEASE! ","Summary":" WHY IS LIFE SO SCREWED? WHY IS MY FAMILY SO SCREWED? WHY AM I SO SCREWD? I mean seriously all that "},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"The winner of Little Miss Sunshine","Author":"Sjeherazade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5528906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The winner of Little Miss Sunshine --- A/N I don't own Little Miss Sunshine --- Finally everyone had calmed down. That terrible family had left and it was time to appoint a winner. The girls were on the stage again. Beautiful as little dolls. Over styled, over make upped… smiling… But everything wasn't like before… there was something with their smiles… The judge walked out on the stage. \"I apologize for the last performance. And now I will introduce the winner of our scholarship.\" She opened an envelope and read the name. \"Miss Nancy Hastings!\" A sweet little girl with blonde curly hair walked over to her to get her prize. Still with this new smile on her lips. She didn't say a word. \"And now, the winner of Little Miss Sunshine! Miss Liberty Martins!\" Another girl with an unbelievable beautiful black hair that was arranged with a little white rose walked up to the judges with that shining smile. They sat a beautiful tiara on her head, it sparkled with silver and diamonds. Liberty still smiled the same smile. \"Liberty, do you have anything you want to say?\" Liberty smiled to the judges and replied. \"Yes! But first, I and the others want to give one last performance together!\" Liberty still smiled, but not with her teeth. \"Of course! The stage is yours girls!\" The judges left the stage to let the girls do their performance. An unbelievable sweet black girl named Josephine ran over to the Audio engineer to tell him which song they wanted and then she came back. The song began to play. It was Olive Hoover's song \"Super Freak\" The audience and the judges got, if it was possible, even more chocked than the first time. And even worse was to come. Suddenly Liberty stopped dancing and walked over to the microphone provocatively. \"Hey mum, did I mention that I'll quit!\" The audience panted. And Liberty tore the tiara and the rose out of her hair. The rose ended up on the floor and the girl stepped on it, and then she broke the tiara over her knee. \"I don't want to be a beauty princess anymore. I want to be a lion tamer!\" Now Nancy stepped forward too. \"And I want to be a lumberjack! Don't try to stop me!\" Then she tore her scholarship into pieces. And then Josephine came too. \"And I want to become a fire fighter! Deal with it!\" Then the rest of the girls came one by one, and all of them had destroyed their advanced hairstyles. \"I want to drive a taxi!\" \"Why drive a taxi when you can drive a bus?\" \"I want to be a police officer!\" \"Diver!\" \"Astronaut!\" \"I want to go to the moon!\" Now the judges were completely disconsolate. The girls began to dance again after finishing their \"speeches\". In their despair the judges now turned to Miss California. \"Stop them!\" \"No!\" \"What do you mean?\" Miss California glared them right into their eyes. \"They're right!\" \"What!\" \"They are right! Besides, I quit too, I have always wanted to be a plumber and now I'll go for it!\" And with those words she put her legs on the table, opened a can of beer, drank and gave a provocative burp smiling to herself. --- The End ","Summary":" The winner of Little Miss Sunshine --- A/N I don't own Little Miss Sunshine --- Finally everyone ha"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Always be there","Author":"theSecretWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5377016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It seemed that Frank was always there for Dwayne. Never having experienced that from anyone Dwayne had reacted at first towards his Uncle the same as he did to the rest of his family – he hated him. But over time things had...changed. And whatever happened Frank was always there, never failing, just always there. When the nightmares would wake him in the middle of the night, petrified with fear, skin damp with sweat and heart beating in his mouth, it was Frank who would stroke his hair till he fell asleep, undeterred by the fact that at seventeen he should be immune to the fear, and never mentioning it in the morning. Once Dwayne stole a lighter from a store. He hadn't planned it, didn't even want it, but the security guard didn't believe him. Frank never mentioned it to Richard or Dwayne's mother, so Dwayne didn't either. When his Uncle walked into their shared bathroom and found him on the floor, razor blade in his hands and his wrist crying red tears, he said nothing but silently bandaged his nephew, and sat with him until he stopped crying. Never speaking, never offering more than his presence. Dwayne traced the scars on Frank's wrist and knew he understood. \" Uncle Frank? Are you awake?\" Frank had, in fact, been staring at the ceiling, sleep furthest from his mind, waiting to hear the sound of his nephew's breathing. \" Yeah\" he heard the sound of padding feet, and the pressure of a body on the bed beside him. It was usual, and but unlike usual Dwayne was silent. \" Are you okay?\" \" How...how did you know you were gay?\" When Dwayne told his mother and Richard, it was only Frank that stayed silent through the screaming of the other adults, eyes focused solely on his processed chicken despite \"I told you he was going to be a bad influence\" and \"Turned your son into a fag\". And it was Frank's reassuring hand on his knee that convinced Dwayne that everything would be alright. \" Why won't he like me?\" a drunken Dwayne was crying into his Uncle's shirt at three in the morning \"Why?\" \" I don't know\" Frank's voice was low, and although he held the young man tightly his eyes were staring into the darkness \"Sometimes they're straight. Other times they're just arseholes. If he can't see how good you are...\" Richard never came to Dwayne's graduation. Frank accepted the seat reserved for 'the father'. \" Just out of interest\" Frank asked, during one of their late-night conversations \"How did you know?\" \" I liked this guy\" \" Oh. Luc?\" he pressed nonchalantly, trying to understand when all he knew of Dwayne's love life were snippets of closed answers. \" No not him\" \" Do I know him?\" Dwayne didn't reply for so long that his uncle didn't think he would. Then quietly \" His name's Frank\" ","Summary":" It seemed that Frank was always there for Dwayne. Never having experienced that from anyone Dwayne "},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Let Go","Author":"blackNwhiteRoads","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8380774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I remember when my life was normal. It wasn't like this. At all. I used to have no worries. I used to be a happy, careless person, roaming around with no worries. I used to. You'd probably ask yourself who am I, and why I'm saying those stuff. Who am I? I'm Josephine Silver Raymond. Better known as Jo, Silver, Josey, or Ray but preferably Jo. I was born on the 22nd of October, 1998. If you can't do the math, that means I'm going to turn 14 this year. What do I look like? I have blue eyes and blonde hair, which I'm dying to dye dark brown or black, that goes to the end of my back. My skin is pale with fading freckles on my nose and cheeks. I guess I was on the pretty side of normal-looking. I'm 5.5 ft. tall, and yes, I'm taller than most people around my age, but I like it that way. I actually want to grow even taller. Why was I being all depressed in the beginning? That's a pretty long story. But I have time, since I have nothing else to do, so being the nice person I am, I'm going to tell you all about me. I have a small family. My mom, Jean, my dad, Tyler, and my older sister, Monique. If you see an overly cheerful, perfect family with an out-of-place girl, there's a 99% chance that's us. Even though my sister is only two years older than me, we're not close. I personally think that's she's an evil bitch hiding underneath all that fake-looking innocence that everyone believes that she is. Don't get me wrong I'm not jealous of her or anything, but I'm so sick of being neglected because her majesty is perfect in almost everything. I'm the underdog of the family, the under-achiever amongst the over-achievers. The loser amongst the winners. Do you know what I means? Sometimes I think I was a mistake that my parents had to live with. I mean, my 'perfect' sister is topping me in everything. Looks, brains, talents, friends, popularity, etc. Some days I'll think to myself 'Would it be better if I just drop dead? Would anyone even care?', but of course no one knows that because I never tell them. My mom would probably act like everything's okay and change the subject by saying something completely irrelevant like 'Did you hear what happened at work today?' or 'Did your sister tell you about the first place she got in the contest?'. Most of the time, I'd be fighting with Monique and I tell my parents that she crossed the line and they'd totally ignore me. Not even kidding. They wouldn't even glance at me. But if Monique tells them that I did something to her, which never happens since I avoid her, they'd drop everything in their hands and yell at me. That's how much my family cares. People always have this idea that our whole family, excluding me, is perfect. A man and woman in 'love' and their beautiful daughter who's on everyone's good side. Then comes me. The 'emo', quiet girl in black with a skateboard in her hand. Let's just say they choose to avoid me. I have no problem with it. I prefer it that way. But as soon as we step inside our house, the 'perfect family' act drops. My mom and dad start fighting over the silliest things, and my sister starts picking on me, and all of them change as if we went to a parallel universe. I'm the only one who stays the same. I didn't really care about all of that I was happy and content with everything the way they were. I guess you want to know why I'm being the way I am. If everything I just told you wasn't enough, don't worry. I still have more to my story. Last year everything changed. To the worse. My parents got a divorce, I don't know if I'm a bad person by saying that a part of me is happy because of it. My parents agreed that me and my sister should be with my dad, since my dad is more 'stable' and my mom 'needs a break' from everything that's happened. So my dad decided to move back to his hometown, Albuquerque. I would say that I was sad because I left my friends that I knew since I was a child, but to be honest, I have none . Well, I had. But he's gone. So now I bet you're going to ask me 'What are you talking about?'. Who was my friend, and where did he go? I had one friend, who was also my best friend, and he died around the time I turned 13. So it's not too long ago, it happened last year. His name was John. I met him when I was in first grade, and since then we never stayed away from each other. He was the best person you could ever know. He was almost a year older than me, 11 months to be exact. He knew everything about me, just as I knew everything about him. I knew he was an only child, his dad died of cancer when he was 7, his mom raised him to be a perfect gentleman, he was a skateboarder like me, he had a blue eye and the other was green, his skin was similar to mine, pale but without freckles. his hair was light auburn and shaggy, always falling into his eyes. I remember how he had this weird habit of messing up his hair and playing with it whenever he was bored, nervous, shy, or concentrating. He was loved by everyone that saw him, he had this gravity to him that pulls people to him. His voice made you feel comfortable and safe, it was calm and had a usual small crack in his voice. He was a younger version of his dad. Too bad he even got his dad's cancer. He fought cancer twice before, always beating it and going back to his normal life. His hair would fall and he would shave it, becoming bald with no hair on his head or face, even his eyelashes and eyebrows fell out. But he always had a smile on his face that said everything's going to be okay. Too bad it wasn't. On his third time fighting cancer, the doctors said his body stopped reacting to the chemotherapy and the best thing to do was take him home and carry on with life, making him happy and content in his last months. Then he died. And a part of me died as well. It was a turning point in my life. I became depressed and ever since then I shut everyone out of my life. I guess everyone gave up on me. They didn't think I'd ever be happy again. Maybe they're right. He was the only reason I carried on. I still wear the dog tag that he gave me. \" I have something for you.\" John said as he walked next to me on the sidewalk. We just finished the last day of school before our winter holiday and we were going to have a movie marathon in his house. I looked at him with curious eyes. \" What is it?\" I asked him excitedly, almost jumping in place. He knew that I loved his presents. They were always just my type; simple and meaningful. He stopped walking and turned to me, making me stop as well. I looked at him, his eyes sparkling under the winter sunshine, his cheeks flushed from the cold, and his bald head hidden underneath his beanie. He dug his hand in his hoodie's pocket and pulled out a silver dog tag. He held my hand and opened it, then putted the dog tag in it. He smiled expectantly at me. \" Do you like it?\" He asked me. I looked at the dog tag closely, it had 'John&Jo;' in black writings on the front, and 'together forever' on the back. I grinned at him and gave him a hug, making sure it was the tightest embrace I could manage to give him. \" I love it. Thank you so much.\" I told him with a huge smile when we pulled away. I gave it him, knowing he'd understand that I wanted him to put it around my neck. \" I'll never take it off.\" I told him when he finished putting it around my neck. He pulled out his own dog tag from underneath his shirt. It was black with the same things written on it, except that it was in silver. \" I have mine too.\" He grinned at me. \"That way people won't claim they're our best friends.\" I laughed and linked hands with him as we went on our way again. The day he died was the last day I saw him. I spent the entire week in his house, helping out his mom with cleaning up the mess he did when he puked blood or had a nose bleed, and making sure he was happy in his last few days. We knew that we all felt the same way; we knew he was going to die that week, so we did everything we can to make him happy. I spent the entire week sleeping on the comfy chair in his room, almost never sleeping or eating, just watching him and acting strong for him and his mom's sake. He still had the same smile on his face, the one that said that everything's okay. \" Jo, I know you know it. I'm going to die. It's my time to go.\" John told me with a small smile on his pale, weak-looking face. I shook my head furiously. \" No, don't you dare say that. You're not going to die, John. I won't let you.\" I told him, squeezing his hand. Almost as if I'm convincing myself. \" I just wanna make sure you know that I love you. You made me the happiest person I could ever be when I was still here.\" He then cracked a grin. \"Don't forget about me when you make new friends.\" \" I don't need new ones, you're still here. Don't talk like you're going to be gone, John. You're gonna be fine, like you always are. You fought it before, and you can fight it again.\" I let a tear drop from my eye. John pressed a little harder on my hand, which was probably the hardest squeeze he can do right now. \" Jo, you need to move on after I'm gone. I'm going to watch over you, and I don't want to see you suffering just because I'm not there.\" \" You will be here. We're going to be together forever.\" I said, referring to the dog tags that we never took off. John smiled weakly and pulled me in a hug. \" We will be.\" He whispered. I hugged him tighter, but still being careful not to hurt him or bruise him, and let some of my tears fall. I felt small drops falling on my shoulder. He was crying. Suddenly I wished that he never cried, it made me feel like he's really dying, like it wasn't just another round of cancer that's going to go away like each time. Then he was gone. His mom gave me his dog tag at his funeral, saying how he told her that I should have it when he died. I wore it that day, and since then I never took it off. I never let go of him, and I don't think I can. I don't want to.[Chapter 2] I sit on my bed, looking around my new room. It wasn't big, but it was me. It had black walls, a single bed with black sheets, some posters on the wall, a mirror, a wardrobe, and some other small stuff here and there. I've already unpacked all of my stuff, which weren't much, and I was listening to music right now. It was sunny outside, obviously because it's summertime. Our new house wasn't huge, but it wasn't too small either. It had three bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and a basement. I wasn't going to talk with my dad and sister so I didn't see the point of going out of my room. I look at the small box that's been hiding in the corner of the room. I avoid it. And after another 2 hours, I look at it again. I can't avoid it forever. I walk towards it with a pounding heart and teary eyes. I pick it up with shaking hands and put it on my bed. It's time. I slowly open it, taking enough time to calm myself down. The first thing that I find in the box is John's picture. I cry for a while. But I hold myself back together and keep looking through the pictures in the box. I reminisce about each and every picture I find. By sunset, I was done with looking through the pictures and hanging them around my room. It's been hard, I'll admit it. But it was worth it. I hear my name being called by my dad. I sigh, and wipe my face, making sure it doesn't look like I've been crying. When I see that there isn't anything that could give me away, I start making my way towards the dining room, which is connected to the living room and kitchen. The silence is deafening. Not that I expected it not to be. My dad obviously tried to make it seem as if nothing's changed, but we all knew it was far away from it. My sister was annoying me as always, and my dad was eating and acting like there's nothing wrong at all. I try to finish eating as quickly as I can, leaving half of my plate untouched. I decided to take a walk around my new neighborhood so that's what I did. I notice that there's a park on the end of the street, so I walk in that direction. When I finally reach the park, I look around me to see if there is anyone my age. It wouldn't make a difference anyway. But when I sit on one of the swings, listening to my favorite song on my iPod, a girl who looks about 7 years old runs over to me. \"Hi! I never saw you before, you must be new! I'm Olive!\" She says excitedly. A little too excitedly, but I honestly couldn't be annoyed, she was just a small kid. I give her a small, almost invisible smile, and shake her hand. \"Hey Olive. I'm Jo, and yes, I'm new here. I just moved into the neighborhood today.\" I told her in a friendly voice. Olive looks behind her and I look over too, a guy with black hair, must be dyed, and a notepad in his hand is walking our way. \"Dwayne, look who I just met! This is Jo, she just moved here today. Jo, this is my older brother, his name is Dwayne.\" Olive introduces us to each other. Dwayne nods at me politely then holds up his notepad for Olive to read. She nods after she's done reading and turns to me again. \"Well, we gotta go now. Bye Jo!\" She waves her hand as she walks away with her brother. \"Bye.\" The week passed by fairly slow, with the same routine everyday. I wake up, sit in my room all day until my dad calls me for dinner, I finish eating quickly, and go for a walk or skateboard around the neighborhood. But school was starting on Monday, which is 3 days from now, so I used this time to relax and prepare myself for it. This would be my second year in school without my best friend. I didn't set my hopes too high; I knew that I wouldn't make any friends. Good thing I didn't want any. I was sitting on my front porch with the scrapbook I made with John. The last few pictures were of him and I at his house, just days before he got too sick to even move from his bed. I was smiling at the pictures of the kid-version of me and him when Olive ran over to my house with a big smile on her face. \"Hey Jo! How are you!\" She said in her usual happy voice. I smiled at her and closed my scrapbook. \"I'm good, Olive. How are you? Excited for school?\" I started a small conversation with her. \"Yes, I am! But Dwayne isn't. He's too nervous because he might get in trouble.\" She continued when she saw the confused look on my face. \"You see, he made this vow that he won't talk until he gets into the air force academy. Mom and dad didn't allow him to go. He's scared that his teachers would give him detention for not talking when they tell him to.\" Now the notepad made sense. \"I'm sure everything's gonna be okay.\" I said uncertainly. If only that was true… I leave my house on Monday after taking a pop tart from the kitchen. I still had 20 minutes to reach my new school, which wasn't that far, so I take my skateboard and start on my way. Surprise, surprise. Heads turn my way as soon as I enter the school. I thought that only happened in movies. Some people whisper and make jokes about me, mostly because I was wearing black from head to toe. Apparently that wasn't normal, because every girl was wearing colorful clothes with some kind of flowers or any other girly pattern on them. At least they'll leave me alone. After I reach my locker I put my bag in it and check my schedule to see what books I'll have to take. I took my three books and some notebooks and a pen then closed my locker and began my search for the classroom. Some jerks found it funny to drop my books. \"Watch it freshman.\" A guy sneered at me. I glared at him then picked up my books and went on my own way again. \"Aww, did we make the emo cry?\" The guy's friend mocked me, making his friends all laugh. Just hold on and be strong. I sat on my desk in the back of the classroom, copying notes about the stuff the teacher was saying. The same guy who called me an emo leaned forward his desk and told me in a quiet voice \"Looks like you and that Dwayne will be best friends.\" Then he sat back in his place when he saw that the teacher was looking at him. Did they also do the same thing for Dwayne? I held my lunch tray and looked around for an empty table, I wasn't going to try and sit at a table with people on them, I already knew they'd either walk away from the table, or kicking me out from it. I didn't need any more humiliation. Fortunately, or unfortunately, I saw Dwayne sitting on an empty table, eating his lunch and reading a book, completely ignoring the people who were making fun of him. There goes nothing. I made my way to his table and sat down, half expectantly that he will make me leave the table. He looked at me blankly then returned to his book. I took that as a good sign and started eating my lunch in silence. Maybe I should start a vow of silence too. It was way more comfortable than having to act happy when people are talking to you. \"Hey guys, look! The freak and the emo are sitting together! It's a match made in heaven!\" One of the guys from the jerk's group said in a loud voice, making sure that everyone in the cafeteria heard him. Dwayne simply ignored them and went on reading as if nothing happened, while I decided to give a death glare to whoever looked our way. This is gonna be fun. ","Summary":" I remember when my life was normal. It wasn't like this. At all. I used to have no worries. I used "},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"We Don't Need to Speak","Author":"magenwashere","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5289426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Manynpeople ask us how we handle our relationship with the vow 'hangingnover our heads' like there's something wrong with it. Well, whennI say ask us, I really mean me, because Dwayne is very good atnignoring people he deems annoying. His parents, mostly hisnstep-father Richard, ask me constantly if I've 'convinced him tongive it up' as if comparing it to a nicotine addiction, or annalcohol addiction. I'm never quite sure how to respond to that,nbecause it makes me feel like other people think something is wrongnwith him. There isn't. Mynname is Cadwell Gideon Tucker. I was supposed to be my dad's sixthnson, but somehow I turned out to be a girl. My mom never reallynwanted six kids, I guess, so after I was born, she left right out ofnthe hospital. Duncan told me mom and dad had fought a lot, and theyndidn't really get along. I was, supposedly, their last attempt tonstay together, but my mom just couldn't do it. I doubt she evennknows my name. Oh, well. My dad was stuck with five teenage boys,nand one newborn girl with no name, so he came up with the easiestnname he could remember. His name,nwhich is the exact same as mine. WhennI was born, my brothers were; Duncan, 15, Eli, 14, Daniel, 13,nNathan, 12, and Sam, 11. I had five ready made babysitters for free.nMost of my life was spent being carted around to sports practices,nband practice, tutoring sessions, and detention, but that was mostlynwith Daniel. He was always in trouble. I became a familiar face atntheir high school, and later at all their collages. They became,nalong with most of their teammates, regular faces at my dancenpractices and recitals. Inmet Dwayne almost a year before the Little Miss Sunshine pageant.nThis was before the vow, but even then he didn't talk much. Dwaynenspent the first week of our sophomore year in Dance II instead ofnweightlifting. His schedule had been completely messed up, and itntook the whole week for them to straighten it out. All he did was sitnin the corner of the dance room and watch us. I always thought he'dnwatched all of us dance, but later I would find out he only watchednme. When his schedule was finally right, we had three out of fournclasses together. He talked to me sometimes, not a whole lot, and Inlike to think we were distantly friendly. Then my brother died. Mynbrother Eli died in a car accident at ten o'clock, Monday morning,nwhile I was in my second period class, English 10. The school got ancall from my father, who was already drunk, and then a call from mynoldest brother, Duncan, who said he would pick me up. I don'tnremember much about the next few hours, but Dwayne told me I had comenback into the classroom crying, got my things and left. After that,nthings were kind of a blur. I remember going to school, going to thenfuneral, and doing my homework. My father was passed out fromndrinking so much, and my four remaining brothers were working and twonof them were married, so they were always busy. I didn't blame themnfor not paying complete attention to me. I didn't want them tonworry, so I faked it. For two months, I pretended to be happy. Thenonly person who saw through it was Dwayne, and I knew he could see. Inbroke down the day before Winter break. I had gotten a small packagenin the mail that morning, and when I opened it after school, it was anChristmas gift from Eli. He'd ordered it before he'd died, andnhad it specially delivered the day after he would have been home tonvisit. I started crying, and couldn't stop. Dwayne, who hadnwitnessed the whole thing, sat with me quietly until his mom came tonpick him up. He wrote on his pad to his mom (he'd already taken thenvow) and she took me to my house since I had missed my bus. I thinknshe was surprised about me, but She was nice to me just the same. Indidn't know how to thank him for just sitting there, listening tonme, but I did remember that he liked Nietzsche from the few timesnwe'd spoken. All my brothers were in town, so I asked my artistnbrother, Daniel, to paint him on a sheet. After a few questions, hendid, and I had what I hoped would be a nice thank you gift. I walkednthe four blocks to his house, terrified that he wouldn't like it. Anman answered the door, and when I asked for Dwayne, he looked anlittle shocked, but let me in. He showed me to his room. He was onnhis bed, reading the same Nietzsche book I'd seen him with before.nHe was definitely surprised, but he listened to me as I rambled outnmy thanks, and explained I'd gotten him a gift. He wrote on hisnpad, 'you didn't have to get me anything' but I told him I hadnto. He opened it up, spreading out the sheet, and I saw something nonone ever sees on Dwayne's face. A smile. A true, honest tongoodness, happy smile. After that, everything was different.[Chapter 2] A/N: I own nothing. This is just a fluffy story, hope you like it. Reviews are love. Dwayne became my closest friend, and the person I could come to whenever something was wrong, or I just needed to let something out. He would just sit there and listen, because that's what he did best. Sometimes he would scribble something on his pad, and it was always important, but the only thing that really made me feel better was that I knew he was listening, really listening. We did practically everything together, and became regular fixtures at each other's houses. His parents weren't that sure what to think of me, but his grandpa loved me. In Edwin Hoover's eyes, I was a goddess who would put Dwayne on the path to being a normal teenager. But the person who loved me the most was Olive, Dwayne's sister. It was almost hero-worship, but I didn't mind. Olive is and interesting kid, and loved to dance, just like me. We worked on dance moves together, and I was in on the secret of her dance routine/striptease. I thought it was individual, and unique, just like Olive. My family thought Dwayne was a from of rebellion at first. The whole not talking thing freaked out Duncan, the responsible one who had his own law firm. Daniel, the artistic one who lived in the back of his van, thought it was 'far out'. Nathan, the troublemaker and extreme sports racer, was just glad Dwayne wasn't like him, and didn't seem that crazy. Sam, the sweet, smart one worked as a carpenter, and thought Dwayne was nice, polite, and treated me like a lady. However, all my brother's agreed on one thing; if Dwayne even so much as hurt my feelings once, they would do unmentionable things to him. This was said in front of me, while all my brother's were holding some kind of tool, or sharp object. They had been fixing Daniel's van, and all seemed gleeful at the thought of impaling Dwayne in the near future. Not likely to happen, but it made them feel better about me having a male friend who was not gay, and was not my boyfriend. Not yet, anyway. Then Dwayne's uncle tried to kill himself the summer before our junior year. Dwayne didn't seem upset, but I knew he was a little worried. Then he had to share his room with Frank, who I met and actually liked. When they went on the trip to California, Dwayne called me to talk about our days. I knew it was him because he talked in taps: one tap for yes, two for no, three for maybe, and four for bye. It was kind of like a game. I would tell him about my day, and then ask yes or no questions about his day. But the next day, I got a call from Frank, who told me about Dwayne's breakdown after he learned he couldn't fly. I asked to speak to him, and when I heard the tap that told me he was there, I asked him if he was okay, and he spoke to me. \"Cady.\" he said, \"I'm fine, a little torn up about it, but it'll be okay.\" then, after I had recovered from my shock, he told me about his Grandpa died, the talk he and his uncle had, Olive's dance, and what happened after. When he got back he came over to my house. When I opened the door to let him in, he said my name again, and I just couldn't help it. I kissed him. To my complete surprise, he kissed me back. At first, it was hard to be a couple, after being so comfortable with being friends for so long, but we got the hang of it. By the time we graduated, Dwayne still wasn't a big talker. When he did speak, every word was important to me, just like he was, but I didn't need him to tell me he loved me, just like he didn't need me to tell him. Because really, while all our talks were great, we didn't need words to convey our feelings to each other. When we got married, our vows were heartfelt, but it was the way he looked at me that let me know everything. When Dwayne held our son for the first time, we didn't speak, because there was nothing we could say that would describe just how wonderful we felt, except for two words, spoken in turn. \"Cady.\" \"Dwayne.\" ","Summary":" Manynpeople ask us how we handle our relationship with the vow 'hangingnover our heads' like there'"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Bonds","Author":"For all the eternity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8310383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. BONDS When the family arrives home, after the Little Miss Sunshine trip, the harsh reality sets in on each of them. Edwin had died and been buried in another state, and Dwayne would never be able to achieve his dreams. The thing is, most of the family - except for Frank who had only met Edwin when he moved in with the Hoovers, and Dwayne, who was not related to Edwin - was too overpowered by grief to remember the latter, which left uncle and nephew alone to settle in the yougest's room. Along the trip, they'd developed a strong bond, which started with being able to respect eachother's silence, but strengthened when they began sharing their personal thoughts. In the middle of the night, Frank felt someone sitting on his bed and woke up to find a tousled Dwayne silently asking him to scoot over. Doing so, Dwayne lied down next to him and they stayed quiet for a while. \"What the fuck am I gonna do now?\" Dwayne asked, arm over his eyes. Hearing Dwayne's voice was still very strange to him, like a secret treasure. Knowing the boy's voice was only used when he thought it strictly necessary made their conversations very special to Frank. \"Do what you love, isn't that what you said you would?\" Frank replied, slightly confused. Dwayne chuckled without humour. \"Easier said than done.\" \"Why?\" Dwayne turned around and looked straight into Frank's eyes in a way that unsettled the older man. Dwayne's eyes were black like a raven's feathers, two pools of bottled up emotion. Terrifyingly beautiful in the moonlight. \"How do I know what loving something feels like?\" he paused, his eyebrows knitting together. \"What does love feel like?\" \"It's like... Well, when you love something... or someone, there is this... feeling you get in your chest, this feeling of emptiness which you know can only be stopped by the addition of the object of your love to your life. If you get it, you just love, just live, and give what you can give. And take what little you deserve. And if you can't have it, the emptiness starts sucking small pieces of you. If you can't let go, you just...\" Frank looks absentmindedly at the scars on his wrists. \"Die on the inside.\" he looks back up into Dwayne's eyes. his voice had turned into a whisper. \"You never really stop loving something, you just start being able to live without it.\" \"Have you ever felt that way?\" Dwayne asks. Frank thinks about it for a while. \"I thought I did once. Now I just think I was obsessed. You need to know when to stop, with love, or it'll end up like that.\" he whispered. \"I hope you get the love that you deserve someday.\" Dwayne said, those black pools intruding in his mind once more. This time, Frank smiled bitterly, unfazed. \"That's nice of you.\" The silence crept in again, the pale moonlight playing with their eyelids and lulling them to a state between sleep and awareness. For the first time in a long time, the feelings that ate each of them up were eased down and forgotten due to the reassuring presence of the other. Dwayne opened his eyes slightly and turned to lie on his side, facing Frank. And in a sleepy innocent voice, just before he fully passed out, he asked \"Just promise you won't hurt yourself again...\" Frank froze for a second, his heart swelling with the words. Looking at Dwayne, he smiled to himself, feeling something bittersweet invade him as he listened to his nephew's light breathing next to him. Then, his eyes popped open. \"What the fuck is wrong with me?\" The next week, Frank moves out of the Hoover house. The only reason he hadn't left in the morning next to the night when his feelings had arised was that he couldn't leave Dwayne alone with those people. He stayed until the grieving ended for the rest of the family and then he took off. He couldn't let this strange form of imorality grow, so he'd cut it's evil by the root. He'd only talked to Sheryl about leaving, so when he opened the door in the early morning with a cab waiting for him across the street, he didn't expect a voice to call him from inside. A tussled Dwayne stood in the middle of the living room, confusion written all over his face. \"Where the fuck are you going?\" Frank took a deep breath and braced himself for the consequences of what he was about to say. \"I'm going away, Dwayne.\" The boy just stared at him, the confusion giving place to betrayal. Dwayne felt crushed from the inside. He'd allowed the older man into his secrets and emotions, and now he was leaving? Without a hint of warning? A heartbroken \"Why?\" left his lips, as he aproached Frank, looking in the older man's eyes, trying to understand why he'd do this. \"You... You don't get to do that.\"By now, Dwayne was only mere inches from Frank, holding the lapels of his jacket, his voice failing. \"You don't get to make me trust you and then simply leave without saying a sigle fucking word about it! You don't get to...\" Frank wound his arms reassuringly around Dwayne, remembering himself that this was only a child who eventually would find someone to trust again, and that he couldn't stand in the way. \"It's not like we'll never see eachother again...\" Dwayne looked up at him, understanding what he meant by that. \"It'll be a long time.\" Dwayne said to himself. Frank leaned in and kissed his forehead, sighing. \"Don't worry, I'll call. Promise.\" Then, the older man took a step back, looked at Dwayne for a while and left. And indeed, it would be a long time. A/N: This is pretty much my first fanfiction and it's not written in my native language, so any constructive criticism would be appreciating. Thank you![Chapter 2] Three Years Later. Frank now lived on his own, in an apartment right next to the his workplace, a famous university on the outskirts of the city. The place had few but large rooms, consisting of a living room and kitchenette, a bathroom, an office and library, and a bedroom. All the walls were painted in light earthy tones and the space was decorated with all-white furniture and darker accents, like the wooden lamps and the book bindings that covered several walls all over the house. His life was peaceful and uneventful. He liked to keep it that way. It kept him away from unwanted feelings, thoughts and memories. On the first months, though, he still felt like the best thing he could do was retrace the scars on his wrists with a sharp object, but always gave up at the last second, reminding himself that the things that made him want that destiny were the same that made him stay on this world. So, he kept a distance with his sister's family, calling her only once every other month, to hear about their wellbeing and any news she may have to share. As he cooked himself a simple meal consisting of brocoli and cherry tomato pasta, the fresh smell of aromatic herbs filling the air, the phone rang. He rolled his eyes, lowered the stove's power and awnsered it. It was obviously Sheryl. \"Hello, Sheryl.\" \"Frank! How have you been doing?\" she seemed very happy, considering the last time they'd spoken she'd burst into tears, complaining about Richard. \"Neat. And you?\" \"Quite well, actually. Dwayne just got his acceptance letters for university!\" his heart sunk a little, and he forced his best polite voice out of his throat. \"Oh, wow. Which one did he choose?\" a nervous chuckle could be heard from the other side. 'This can't be good' \"Actually, that was what I was hoping to talk to you about. You see, he wants to go to your uni, and we were hoping you'd let him stay with you.\" his inner voice started going full on psycho, on one hand not wanting to see Dwayne again and on the other knowing he intrisically needed to. \"It's quite far from our place, and driving him there would be too expensive for us as you may imagine. So, it would be a huge favour you'd be doing us. But I'd understand if you said no, I mean, it's your privacy, and it is completely...\" \"He can stay here.\" he clawed at his face, regreting his words as soon as they left his lips. \"You sure?\" \"..yeah, sure, you can bring him in anytime.\" \"Thank you so much. I owe you one. We'll be there on tuesday at four. Bye.\" she hung up then, leaving Frank to wonder about the next days and how much sleep he'd actually be able to get. \"You sure do.\" Dwayne wasn't happy at first. In fact, he was the second angriest he'd ever been. He didn't want to go to Frank's house. He didn't even want to see that fucking asshole anymore. He'd never even attepted to call him since he'd left, he hadn't visited once, he hadn't even asked about Dwayne. It was like he'd forgotten, and Dwayne was on his own, with no one to trust or rely on. Dwayne had really liked Frank once, while he stayed with them after his suicide attempt. It had been a huge crush, like only a teenager can have, but eventually he learned to forget about it, and anger replaced tenderness when Frank stopped all contact. \"Come on darling, your uncle is waiting for us.\" his mother ushered him ou the door and into the car, throwing his stuffed camping backpack to the backseat. He ran a hand through his black hair, and readied himself for an extremely different type of hell. It was four o'clock and Frank was a pile of nerves. He hadn't seen Dwayne since he found him on the entry hall three whole years ago. He'd devoted more time to his appearence that usual that day, but still showed his casual self - he'd shaved and donned a light linen shirt over navy trousers - to show Sheryl he was doing well and feeling better. Finally, at four fifteen, the bell rang, and his heart immediately started racing with nervousness. He took some seconds to calm down and take a deep breath before opening the door. Frank was immediately engulfed in a hug by Sheryl. \"Frank! How are you?\" she said, pulling back, enough to look at him. \"You look better.\" He gave her a small, slightly strained smile. \"Thanks. I'm good, and you?\" \"Ah, well, you know. Surviving.\" she said, chuckling. \"Come on in.\" only then did Frank see the boy that had been standing next to his sister. He was no longer a boy, that's for sure. His pale body was lean but discretely muscled, and he was at least four inches taller than when they'd last seen eachother, making then around the same height. His face had taken sharper features, which were enhenced by his strong shaved jaw. Yet, there was still and awkwardness to Dwayne that was reminiscent of the boy he'd once been and so very, very atractive. \"Hello Dwayne.\" he said, trying to sound nonchalant and failing miserably, shaken Dwayne's black eyes staring at him, showing only his anger and sadness. \"Hi.\" the young man entered the living room and settled quietly on the couch, watching as Frank and Sheryl chatted. Eventually, his mother left, which left them to deal with eachother. \"You didn't call.\" Dwayne's words were even and sharp. Frank sat next to him on the couch. \"I'm sorry, Dwayne, I...\" he paused for a little, the feelings he'd felt after leaving the boy behind swallowing him again. \"I never meant to hurt you. I just needed some time on my own.\" Dwayne looked over at the older man, and it occured him that he looked older than his age, as if he carried the world upon his shoulders. It pitied him. Frank had always seemed to him young at heart, romantic and reckless when he was happy. Yet, seeing him like this reminded Dwayne of post-suicide attempt Frank. It reminded him of the Frank he befriended as a fifteen year old. \"Still, you promised. You could have called at least once to say that. It was pretty selfish of you.\" \"Believe me you, it was for both our sakes.\" \"Doubt it, asshole.\" Dwayne remamrked, half honest, half joking. Frank smiled lightly, recognising the Dwayne he knew and loved. \"Can we ever get back to how we were back then?\" Frank asked, hopeful. Dwayne took a while to reply. The boy wanted things to return to how they were three years ago, and, quite frankly, he couldn't resist \"We can try, I guess.\" Frank smiled, a true smile this time. They could go back, they could get to know eachother again, and share wonderful times. It would be easy. \"Then how about we have dinner and you tell me all about what happened these last years?\" Frank proposed, his smile getting bigger by the second. Dwayne craked a crooked smile and headed toward the kitchen. When Frank looked at his nephew's rear he realised it wouldn't be that easy after all. ","Summary":" 1. BONDS When the family arrives home, after the Little Miss Sunshine trip, the harsh reality sets "},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Little Miss Bubblegum","Author":"R. Gatz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9302256","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One I was in the car. We'd just got back to Albuquerque, and Mom and Dad had gone to the corner shop to pick up some sweet potatoes and carrots. Olive was listening to her kiddy-pop, and Frank was writing out a rough sketch of his next lecture on Marcel Proust. I myself was writing \"COLORBLIND\" six hundred times in my notebook. COLORBLIND COLORBLIND COLORBLIND I was on my last page. Crap. \"Hey, Dwayne,\" said Frank, putting down his pen. \"Which sounds better for my lecture - Marcel Proust was a modest author or an unpretentious author?\" I got out my pen and wrote \"unpretentious\". I ripped the last page out. I showed the notebook to Frank. \"Oh, your notebook's finished.\" I beckoned for money. \"Money, oh sure. How much do notebooks cost these days?\" I shrugged. Frank searched his pockets, and came up with six dollars and three cents. Olive took off her headphones, saw the money, and said \"Buy me a raspberry slushie,\" Frank put the money in my hand. I smiled thankfully, and hopped out of the car. The Last Chance Corner Shop I knew so well, was the worst last chance shop ever, in short, but it had a large supply in notebooks. I had the choice of a thick little notebook with a plastic cover or... well, that's all they had. But it would have to do. I walked to the shop. Outside were a pack of girls, surrounding this girl with red hair who was blowing pink bubblegum. I'd never seen them before, but they were all wearing the school uniform, so they must have been freshman starting next year. I remember when I was a freshman last year. I remember my class being so meek and innocent. These girls were the very opposite. They were giggling about what they did with their boyfriends. Well, the girl blowing bubblegum - I nicknamed her the bubblegum girl- wasn't. She was dismissing her acquaintances antics as \"childish\" and giving detailed accounts of her exploits. The whole pack of girls howled like wolves when they saw me pass. \"Hey, gawky!\" The bubblegum girl called, to the laughter of her friends. I turned to her. She must have seen the six dollars and three cents. She pulled out her bubblegum, and tossed it straight into my hand. Her friends positively yelped with laughter. \"I'm all out. Buy me some bubblegum, gawky.\" It was obviously just a trick to see how I'd try to ignore them, but I decided I'd show them buffoons. As I walked past her into the shop, the pack snickered. The Last Chance Corner Shop was full of gum, but I searched and searched until I stumbled upon bubblegum the perfect shade of pink. I picked up a green notebook with a red plastic cover and had just enough left to buy a mini raspberry slushie for Olive. As I walked out the door, the pack of girls started howling. \"Where's my bubblegum, gawky?\" Laughed bubblegum girl. I took the pack of bubblegum out of my pocket and thrust it at her. This took her by surprise. She stared at me for a second. I flipped open my notebook and wrote: Ta-da! She anxiously put her weary jaws into a piece of gum and blew a gigantic bubble. Straight after, she took the piece out of her mouth and into her hand and walked up to me. She looked down at the page of my notebook. She forced the sticky gum out of her hand and slapped it on the page of my notebook. The laughter of the pack was a deafening roar now. I just walked away and jumped into the car[Chapter 2] Mom and Richard came back with buckets of Kentucky Fried Chicken, and Olive, Frank and I devoured them hungrily as Richard drove us home. When we got there, the house seemed much lonelier. We sat at the table, silent, until Richard started muttering quietly. \"I might get a job,\" he muttered. \"At the drug store downtown.\" \"But Richard!\" Mom exclaimed. \"But Richard what?\" asked Richard dryly. \"What about your nine-step program?\" \"It's gone down the shitho-\" Olive looked at him- \"the toilet.\" I snickered at his refusal to swear in front of Olive. Richard tried to get on with me, but that didn't stop him from shooting a glare in my direction. \"It's 'bout time you got a job, too, Dwayne. Gotta bring money home.\" \"Richard, that's all you've been talking about since we left California,\" Mom accused. \"Well why wouldn't I?\" Richard shot back. \"We're gonna be broke with you giving up the graveyard shift and I with a shi-\" Olive looked at him- \"very bad nine step program. Frank can't even work as an accountant as he'll probably try to slit his wrists with the stapler!\" Frank looked down. Richard finally realized what he'd said. \"Frank- buddy, I- I didn't mean it. Sorry. No offence meant.\" \"None taken.\" \"Daddy, can I have some more chicken?\" Olive asked, finishing off her chicken bone. Richard sighed. \"Olive, you've eaten a whole bucket of chicken.\" \"I know , but I want some more.\" Richard sighed again. \"If you keep eating like this, you're going to get very fa-\" He stumbled across the forbidden F-word. We all stared at him, disgusted he would say such a thing. \"I had to tell her. Eating too much will make her fa- fat.\" Mom and Frank said and I wrote: Shut UP Richard Thank God the conversation ended there, as the doorbell rang. \"I'll get it!\" Declared Olive, running to the door. She opened the door, to reveal both smiling man and woman. \"You must be the new neighbors!\" Mom exclaimed. \"Yes, we're the Geralds.\" said the Geralds woman. \"And this is our daughter, Tallis.\" She pulled a small fourteen-year old into view. She was quite buxom, with red hair and was wearing a cotton blue dress. I had no idea who she was. Until she blew a giant bubble in my face.[Chapter 3] \"Tallis!\" scolded Mr Gerald. Tallis just grinned. \"So you must be the new neighbors,\" said Mom. \"That's us!\" chirped Mr and Mrs Gerald. \"Well, please come in.\" Mom welcomed them. \"We're just having dinner.\" Tallis peered past her. \"You have KFCs?\" Mom blushed. \"Uh huh.\" \"Can I have some?\" \"Um, sure, share with Dwayne.\" She ran inside, and noisily pulled up a chair beside me. She grabbed the bucket of chicken and dug in. \"So, um, Tal,\" Richard began. \"Tallis.\" said Tallis sharply. \"So, uh, Tallis ,\" \"Yes?\" \"Whaddya plan to do when you're older?\" He asked, desperate to move onto someone else's future. \"I wanna be an actress,\" She declared, nibbling on a chicken drumstick. \"How do you plan to do that?\" \"I dunno. Get lucky.\" Olive, Frank and I almost gasped when she said that. We'd been brainwashed to go by Richard's motto, Luck is For Losers, and half expected him to lecture her. \"Oh, get lucky?\" Richard repeated. \"Yep.\" \"You mean you're not going to put the hard work in?\" \"Nope.\" \"Oh.\" I sniggered. For the first time, Richard's confidence diminished, and he blushed as he tried to ask me what was so funny. \"Dw- Dwayne, what's so funny?\" I got out my pen and notebook and wrote Nothing, Richie.\" Richard blushed again. \"Don't call me Richie!\" I wrote Sure thing, Rich. \"Why doesn't it speak?\" Tallis asked. \"He's taken a vow of silence,\" Frank explained. \"Till he gets to flight school,\" Olive added. \"But it's unlikely he ever will,\" Richard finished. \"He's colorblind.\" I scowled at him. He was crashing everyone's dreams just so he wouldn't have to look at his own crashed dream. I wrote Richard is being an ass until his nine-step program gets off the ground. But that's never going to happen, cos he's too much of a LOSER! Richard blushed. Tallis laughed, but it was clear she was bored. \"I'm bored,\" she moaned. \"Tallis!\" Mrs Gerald scolded. \"Maybe Dwayne can show you his room,\" Mom offered. I stared at her. \"Come on Dwayne.\" I got up from the table and led Tallis to my room. \"It's pretty dingy,\" She commented. Thanks, I wrote, dripping with sarcasm. \"You're more than welcome.\" ","Summary":" Chapter One I was in the car. We'd just got back to Albuquerque, and Mom and Dad had gone to the co"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"I Can Fly","Author":"Dare to be strange","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6920642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Epilogue Family sucks. There's no polite way to put it, it may sound rash but there is a truth behind it. Family can burden you, hurt you, hate you, deprave you, humiliate you, ruin you. They can bury you. For those who have wonderful families that they get along with perfectly - God must give small favors (for a certain) price, or is it merely fate? Did they deserve it? People are miraculous. The mind and the body of a person is a wonderful machine. It is able to detect when you're getting sick, when you're in pain, when you're sad, angry, hurt, when you're taking too much and when you're not taking enough. It also tells you when it's time to pack up and run. That is where the story begins - with running from something your mind and body couldn't take. Well, actually, my body. My name is Dwayne Hoover. Welcome to my story.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 \"Dwayne, breakfast.\" I heard my mother's footsteps before I heard her voice. It was like the \"Jaws\" theme. It was pounding, repetitive and unrelentless. I wanted to get far away from it. I plopped the pillow over the back of my head (because I was laying on my stomach) and groaned into the matress. I didn't want to go back to school. High school was just a big popularity contest and I couldn't stand it. I'd rather burn the whole school down than contend in something where the cost of your clothes and the style of your hair determined who you are. Pretenious pricks. It was Monday. Olive and I were going to school. Uncle Frank had taken permenant residence since his \"accident\" (they don't like to talk about it. We all know but apparently if you don't talk about something it goes away). Mom and Dad were in the kitchen, talking about coperate something or another. Oh wow, interesting (ha). Olive was now 10, she was interesting, and what was even more interesting was her mornings. She was so moody, I could barely stand my family, Olive used to be the exception, but now it was getting hard to be in the same room with her. I descended down the hallway after dressing in whatever. I didn't usually make a big effort for school. I usually skipped all my classes. I started doing so since I found out I was color blind and I couldn't attend flight school. My theory is: if I want to fly, I'm going to fly and something rudamentary like not being able to see the colors red, green or blue isn't going to stop me. I emerged into the kitchen and sat down beside Olive. The whole family was eating in silence. Nothing out of the ordinary. Most of the family fights happened in the morning or late at night. I would be thankful but I usually was at school at the calm area of the day. Figures. I grabbed a box of Fruit Loops from the middle of the table and poured a generous amount into the bowl. Mom eyed the amount I put in. She was always monitering everything. I shrugged and grabbed for the milk, pouring an even more generous amount than the cereal had been. Mom sighed and looked at me again. I blatantly ignored her, diving my spoon into my cereal as Olive finally broke the silence. \"We have a half day today.\" \"Oh?\" Mom said, not looking up from her food, \"what are you going to do with the rest of your day?\" \"Probably paint,\" Olive smiled, shifting in her seat, looking like a wriggly puppy, \"there's a few places around the yard that I've wanted to-\" \"Olive,\" Dad interrupted, looking at her from over his paper, \"don't you have studying to do? You know that daydreamers usually go around painting and singing. Painting and singing may be great honey but-\" \"Richard don't start.\" Mom snarled, stabbing her food violently. The table went back into silence as I finished my breakfast hastily. I stood up, leaving the table without being excused. They were used to do. I always went to school early. It beat being here. As I was about to leave though, I heard footsteps behind me and when I spun around to see who it was, Olive was standing sheepishly in the doorway. \"Can I come with you this time? I already have all my stuff, you won't have to wait for me.\" I was a bit surprised but shrugged nevertheless and opened the door, letting her get outside before I. As we stood outside on the dreary Monday morning, I looked up at the sky, watching a Commercial Airline plane cross ahead. I sighed and looked at Olive impatiently tapping her feet, standing at the end of the driveway. I looked to the sky once more and walked towards her, heading towards another useless day in my useless life. I hope I did alright. I always wanted to know what would happen with Dwayne if the movie continued and all that. Hope it was good and I'm staying true to Dwayne's attitude. Please R&R; guys! 3![Chapter 3] Chapter 2 I'm Going To Go Away, Michelle. I was hiding in the Cafeteria. Well, not really hiding, just avoiding . I wasn't looking forward to Science class, in fact... I wasn't looking forward to any class. My grades had slid a considerable amount since I found out I couldn't attend Flight School. It quite a blow, one I hadn't gotten' over, and doubted to ever get over. My parents were disappointed (Dad more than Mom). He claimed that I was \"wasting my future\" and \"losers only give up.\" I didn't listen. They didn't know what it was like to have a dream, they just flitted through life, complaining about trivial things. I hoped Olive wouldn't turn out the same but I knew that it was already too late. Brainwashing was effective and long lasting. I finally managed to walk out of the Cafeteria. I was several minutes late to class and stood in the empty hallway contemplating skipping class. I had never skipped before, even though I had been tempted to on many occasions. I shrugged. There's a first for everything. With a smile (which was rare) on my face, I slung my backpack over my shoulder and headed out the back door of the school, feeling confident and happy. When I stood on the steps and observed the city in front of me, I suddenly felt the urge to run, run far away from this place, away from my family, away from everything. I knew it wasn't safe, I knew they would send the Police after me, but if I could get away? What if I could be happy somewhere? As bad as it sounded, if I failed... Mom and Dad would bail me out and come and get me. I knew they would. So, I pointed myself in a random direction and went to walk across the street to the sidewalk when I heard a familiar voice behind me. \"Hoover? Where are you going?\" I turned around and looked into the ice gray eyes of Michelle Lanston. She was in my Science and English class. She was an opnionated girl who was often paired with me in class. She was smart, and the only good grades I got in class I managed to acquire when paired with her. \"Home. Um... I'm going home. I don't feel so great.\" I looked at my shoes which were unlaced. The heat was rising to my cheeks. I didn't know how to talk to girls, especially popular girls (yeah yeah, I know. I hate popular, right?). She smiled, putting her hands behind her back, standing there looking very much like a little girl instead of a teenager. \"So you're going to walk all the way there?\" There was a suspicious glint in her eye. \"Can I accompany you?\" I immediately began to feel annoyed. I didn't want her to come with me, I wanted to leave. I stammered for a moment, trying to get a grasp on my words. \"I-I... no Michelle, sorry... I just want some time alone, is that cool?\" \"Yeah totally.\" She sounded perky but I knew she was disappointed. \"I'll see you later?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" I smiled, waving my hand. \"Later.\" \"Later Hoover.\" I watched her walk away with some resentment. Michelle had never taken interest in my existance before and the one time I couldn't be with her is the one time she wanted to be with me. God, does being a teenager ever get easier? Damnit. With a frown on my face I pointed myself in my designated direction. I had money on my credit card and it was on me so I could get food and maybe a small tent and sleeping bag. I didn't know what I was planning, but I would figure the rest out when I left. I didn't want anyone to catch me so soon after I had set out. Six Hours Later \"God, I'm... damn exhausted.\" I said, collapsing on a rock down a small trail I had found just off the highway. \"And I've only been walking six hours, damnit.\" I kicked a stone on the ground in front of me in frustration. I knew I would have to spend the night out here with nothing until the stores opened in the morning. I had made it three towns away, and I figured I was close enough away to at least enter town tomorrow for a limited time. I walked over to a small tree I could see in the moonlight. It looked like it had fallen just recently and it looked like it would provide some coverage. I had my jacket, so I used that as a pillow as I put my backpack on my stomach. It was uncomfortable, but at least I had chose a spot in which the roof of tree tops receeded and I could see the stars. I gazed at them for a bit, feeling a bit afraid of what I had done but a bit excited. I felt like I was free for the first time in life, with nothing to hold me down and nothing to keep me from finding something new to dream about. It was awesome. Nine Hours Later I woke up to the feeling of rain splashing on my face as I groaned and then bolted up, for a second forgetting the fact that I was sleeping in the forest instead of in my parent's place. I stretched for a moment and pulled my jacket on (which was semi-waterproof) and pulled the hood over my head, looking mournfully at the stormy sky. I had hoped it was going to be good weather for me to set out on but apparently not. I grabbed my backpack which I had thrown off me in the night and slung it over my shoulder. It would only take me about an hour to get to town and it would take another two to get my supplies, food, etc, etc. I walked up the four-wheeler trail I had walked down the previous night and came to the highway. It wasn't a busy highway but there were a few cars (including cops). I was reluctant to walk the highway but I definitely didn't want to walk through the brush to get there, it would make more time on my trip. So highway I went. I had only started down the highway for five minutes when my pocket began vibrating. I sighed. I had forgotten to turn off my phone. I took it out of my pocket and flipped it open, staring at the screen. Olive Hoover - where r u? I looked down at her text message, wondering whether or not I should respond. She was allied (more or less) with Mom and Dad. Anything I told her now would go to them. I flipped closed and was about to put it back into my pocket when it vibrated again. I stared down at it loathfully and then flipped it open once again, looking at the screen, my brows furrowed. Olive Hoover - mom & dad worried sick. plz come home. I groaned and snapped it closed, shoving it into my pocket as I stared at the road ahead. I loved my sister, she was the only one who wasn't completely doomed, but I couldn't go back now. I had freedom, I could do anything, see anyone, be anyone I wanted. I was going to seize this chance and I wasn't going to look back. Good? Bad? Lemme' know! R&R; guys! Love! 3 xox ","Summary":" Epilogue Family sucks. There's no polite way to put it, it may sound rash but there is a truth behi"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Chit Chat Through Silence","Author":"Death by Fallen Star","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7105391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I dis this claim. Chit-Chat in Silence Chapter 1: \"Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of a witness.\" -Margaret Millar He hated school. There were no if, and, or buts about it: he hated school. Almost as much as he hated his home life, but that one always trumped over anything in its comparison. Still though, he did hate school. Every aspect about it. The students, teachers, classes, hallways, lunches, lockers, ceilings, walls, everything. It was all stupid and pointless. And he was stuck here until his mom and step-parent got on the move and let him attend flight school. He was pretty sure school hated him back. All of the students thought he was acting \"stuck up\" for not talking, and the teachers treated him like he was stupid. He wasn't stupid. He got straight A's, finished his work, all that bullshit. He just wanted the fuck out of here. Out of all the classes, he hated biology the least. In that class, he got a table all the way in the back, all to himself, no one bugged him, and he was permitted to work with his hands. He still hated it though. People looked at him and snickered, the teacher gave that disapproving look when he asked a question and received a notebook in face with the answer. (He didn't ask questions often though). The teacher, Mr. Ling, wasn't asking Dwayne questions today, thank gawd. Dwayne was down to his last three pieces of paper in his notepad, and left his spare one at home. He was expecting a sub in his last class, so he would probably need the paper for then. He really hated this fucking school. They were going over simple crap today. Mitosis and meiosis. Mr. Ling kept hinting that a big project was coming up. Whatever. It's not like the silent boy needed to worry about a partner or any of that bullshit. \"Now, in anaphase one-\" Mr. Ling's lecture abruptly stopped with the opening of the door. Dwayne looked up uncaringly from his notes and doodles. He stared at the wooden door as the vice-principal(or bitchipal, as he preferred) entered. She held the door open and in followed a girl. He didn't really look at her. She looks plain. Blonde hair, tan skin. Yay, another Cali-Girl. The \"educators\" talk and the girl stares around the room, swaying. She looks hippie-ish. Long skirt and sleeves and hair and all. Yay, another peace lover. The vice-bitchipal leaves and the girl keeps standing there. Dwayne suddenly realizes why she's there. She's probably a new student. New student, means that the only available seat in class will be taken by her. The only available seat, being next to him. Dammit. \"Everyone, this is Virginia Mars, she just moved here from Juno, Alaska.\" She smiles hugely at everyone. She must dye her hair , is the first thing he thinks. \"I go by Ginny,\" she tells Mr. Ling, then looks at the class like she hopes they understand. \"Okay, well Ginny, you will be sitting,\" Mr. Ling pauses and looks around the room, as if hoping another spot that isn't beside the \"freaky emo kid\" has appeared for the new girl. Nope. No random seats materialize. Dwayne is screwed. \"You'll be sitting by Dwayne, in back there.\" He looks like he's inwardly wincing, and the fact that Dwayne is causing such a turmoil nearly makes him smile. He doesn't though, he keeps his composure. \"Okay,\" Ginny says and practically skips to the stool next to Dwayne. He doesn't look at her as she sits down and rumbles through her backpack and pulls out some paper and a pencil. \"Hi,\" she whispers. He doesn't consider himself to be too rude, so he nods in response before tapping his pencil on the desk a few times. She pauses for a moment, and he realizes she looking at him, waiting for a reply. Well, she won't get one. He is going to stay true to his vow of silence no one was going to make him break that even for the smallest of reasons. She stops staring and goes back to getting school ready things out of her bag. He goes back to doodling planes and circles. Mr. Ling talks to Ginny for a few minutes about what she's gone over and if she's at where there at and all that bullshit. From what Dwayne caught pieces of, she's behind. \"I'll be right back class, stay quiet,\" Mr. Ling suddenly says and walks out of the room. Dwayne's the only one who follows the directions, even Ginny feels compelled to break the silence request. \"Hi, so you're Dwayne?\" she asks nicely. He nods. \"Do you like this class?\" He shrugs. \"Are you in tenth grade?\" He nods. \"Not very talkative, huh?\" She giggles. Sighing, Dwayne pulls out his worn red notepad from his back pocket. He flips to the third to last page and scribbles on the paper, and then pushes it to her. She reads the words aloud. \"' Vow of silence '.\" She pauses, blinking at the paper. \"Oh, for what?\" She hands the notepad back to him. He sighs again, and writes again. Again, she reads the words, \" ' Air force academy. Parents won't let me go.' \" She pauses again, as if she has to take a minute register the words meanings. \"Oh, okay. That's cool. How long since you talked?\" She's really chatty. He jots down ' 4 months ' and her eyes widen. \"Whoazus.\" The word makes Dwayne's brain spark. \"Whoazus\"? What kind of word was that? \"I'd never be able to hold up that long. Props to you though, that must be rough.\" She slides his paper back to him, as if she hopes for a written reply. He just shrugs. \"You shouldn't even bother talking to him ,\" a voice that's way to nasally to be authentic reaches their table, and Ginny and Dwayne look to the voices owner. \"He's emo and silent-y, so don't bother.\" Dwayne doesn't know who the hell this girl is, but she apparently knows a lot about him. \"Well, actually he was just-\" She holds the paper up and Ms. Nasal Voice interrupts. \"Oh yeah. His little 'communication' slip. Freak.\" She scoffs at Dwayne, and he's tempted to flip her off, but she turns away from him to quickly and looks at Ginny. \" So . You're from, like, Alaska? That's cool. Was it, like, really cold and stuff?\" Ginny is quick to reply, \"Oh yeah, it's always freezing. You have to wear hundreds of layers just to go check the mail.\" Dwayne's pencil stops from the drawings he resumed. It wasn't that cold. Surely she knew that. \"Oh wow ,\" Ms. Nasal says in an awestruck voice. \"That's terrible.\" \"Yeah, I was able to survive and not lose any of my toes, but there were a lot of kids at my old school who had lost a bunch of their toes.\" Ginny goes on, sounding completely honest. Seriously, there's no way it was that cold. \"Oh my gawd, that's terrible!\" Ms. Nasal says, devastated, or faking it more likely. \"Yeah, haven't you heard of the Juno Research Foundation? It's all for figuring out how to give kids new toes.\" What the hell? \"Oh yeah! I think my dad went to one of the fundraisers last spring! He donated, like, five-hundred dollars.\" Dwayne looks up and see her smiling proudly at everyone who's eavesdropping. Which is everyone. \"Oh wow, that's so nice of him,\" Ginny replies, and Dwayne catches it. It being the smallest hint of sarcasm. He gets it; she's joking . She's trying to see how stupid everyone is and making up a load of bullshit in the process. Damn, she's good. \"What about, like, mooses?\" asks a girl from a table in front of them. \"Did you, like, see them?\" \"Uh-huh. All the time. They just wander the streets and sometimes have stampedes through the villages.\" Everyone gasps dramatically. \"Did you, like, ever see them, like, hunt ?\" ask a different dumb person. Ginny still doesn't hesitate. \"Yeah, I saw them eating a bunch of baby penguins one time. It was really dramatic. I still have nightmares.\" She shakes her head and looks away, but Dwayne catches her out of character and sees a laugh on her face. Everyone mutters things like: \"You poor thing,\" or \"Those poor penguins,\" or other stupid shit, until Mr. Ling walks back in. Once he starts talking about all of the meiosis phases again, Dwayne reaches for his still open notepad and writes at the bottom of the page: Good one. He pushes it towards her and she reads it. She smiles widely, then whispers, \"Thanks.\" And that's that. … ..[Chapter 2] Chit-Chat Through Silence Chapter 2 : \"Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.\" - Friedrich Nietzsche Within the next week of school, Dwayne realizes he has a total of two classes with Ginny. He only notices because she sits by him in both classes. The first one being second period English and the other being third period biology. She chats with him in both classes, and Dwayne for some reason can't work up the nerve to write \" Leave me alone \". He figures she'll get a few friends who aren't as stupid as biology class and then forget about him completely. So, for now he nods and shakes his head and shrugs his shoulders and writes when absolutely necessary. She's started to ask him things that just need 'yes' or 'no' replies, so he doesn't have to write often. He does have to listen though, and that's still very annoying since she can go on and on about anything; and she'll throw in words that he knows doesn't exist. Like \"whoazus\" and \"flibberjack\" and \"fanmasical\". It was really fucking annoying. She's his legit-shit exact opposite. Chatty and energetic. Because she's chatty and energetic though, he doesn't understand why she doesn't have any friends to go and tell all of her stories to. By Friday, he wonders if she does, but feels bad for him and talks to him anyways because she assumes he's \"lonely\". She skips(literally this time) into English and goes to her seat next to him in the back. She takes off her backpack(which he's now recognized is a red book bag that has random things wrote on it). She pulls out a pencil and looks at him, obviously all-to-ready to start a conversation. \"Hi, how are you?\" she asks as she always does. Like always, he shrugs. \"You know,\" she starts and he looks out the window, already tired. \"My dad's in the marines.\" His head turns to her and he looks at her, hoping she hears his silent \" Really? \" This conversation might actually be interesting. She hears his silent remark and nods. \"Mhmmmm. That's why we moved here, we get stationed in random places all the time. I'm not sure why, but hey, you gotta take what you're given.\" She shrugs. \"But yeah, I remembered that you said you wanted to be in the air force, right?\" He nods. \"Huge difference between the marines and air force, but maybe you'd still wanna talk to my dad- or, write technically. He could probably help convince you're parents to letting you get into school.\" Dwayne stares at her. He suddenly sees that one of her eyes are green, and the other is blue. She's a heterochromatic. Huh. He takes out his new notepad and writes: ' Don't you have real friends?' She reads it, and pauses. She doesn't talk for a long time, just stares at the paper, and Dwayne fears she's going to go and cry and weep and shit. She puts the pad down and takes her pencil. He feels a boil of anger rise up in him. No one else is suppose to write in his notepad. No one…. She slides it over to him, and then pulls out a book. He looks at her for a second, then down at the notepad. Sorry. …[Chapter 3] Chit-Chat Through Silence Chapter 3: \" A story is told as much by silence as by speech.\" – Susan Griffin Ginny doesn't really talk to him now. Only when absolutely necessary (\"Can I borrow last week's notes?\", \"Do you have a pencil sharpener?\", etc); and he nods and shakes his head and shrugs his shoulders and writes when absolutely necessary. He keeps thinking she's going to make friends with someone , but he starts to notice she doesn't. She doesn't talk to anyone else unless absolutely necessary. What? Was she socially retarded and could only find a way to talk to the kid who didn't talk back? He feels that small rise guilt that his more human self insist on having. The guilt finally talks him into pulling out his notepad and writing on it and sliding it to her during biology. She stares at the five letters for a minute, then pushes the pad of paper back towards him. \"It's all right,\" she mutters. He looks at her, then back down at his notes, and sighs inwardly. Damn his more human self. He writes again, and taps on the paper when he pushes it to her again. She raises an eyebrow after reading it and whispers, \"Lunch? Really?\" He nods. \"Why?\" He scribbles down three words and she giggles quietly. \"Yeah, you have. Yeah, I guess I'll eat lunch with you. We can meet out in the courtyard if you want.\" He nods, and takes back his paper. And now he's gotten himself into a load of shit. !&! He sits down under a tree in the courtyard. It's not that big and the shade doesn't even cover his feet, but he manages. He doesn't know why he offered to meet with Ginny at lunch. Damn conscious. Fuck his conscious. She walks over to him with a full tray of food. He glances down at his apple and water and briefly wonders if he should have tried the chili dogs they were serving today. He then realizes that's the worse thought he's had since he offered to sit at lunch with Ginny. She sits down in front of him, the sun pouring all over her and into her eyes. \"Hi!\" she says cheerily. \"How are you?\" He shrugs. \"I figured.\" She shrugs herself and takes a bit of the chili dog on her tray that looks ready to come to life and eat him. School food is gross. She takes a few minutes to chew and swallow, and then tells, \"The food here is better then at my old school. In Juno, they serve fish all the time, and it's always the exact same way. Yuck.\" She pauses and looks at him, taking a bit of his apple. \"Do you like fish?\" He nods. \"I thought so. You seem like you would like all of that healthy stuff.\" He shrugs. She stares at him. \"Do you have any siblings?\" He nods. \"Do you have… a sister?\" She's being good about asking questions that only require a movement of the head. He nods. \"Is she older? He shakes his head. \"Younger?\" He nods. \"Hm. That's cool. I'm an only child. Guess that's a good thing, being an army brat and all. How old is she?\" He holds up seven fingers. \"Oh, that's cute. Do you guys get along?\" He nods. \"How does she feel about you not talking?\" She winces, as if realizing this isn't a \"yes\" or \"no\" question. He just shrugs. \"Hm.\" She stares at him for a minute, then goes to eating her food and talking. He eats his apple, listening and answering. She asks him a lot of questions, which is kind of strange to him, since usually girls just go on and on and most anyone can get by with is just pretending to listen. But he has to actually listen, because she'll ask a question at the most random moments when she's talking, and she excepts an answer in some way from him. He finds out her parents are happily married and that she has a dog. That's the most he remembers. The bell to end lunch rings and she stands up. \"Well this was fun,\" she tells. He stands up and realizes she's smiling at him. He doesn't know how to react to the gesture, so he just nods, dropping his apple core to the ground. \"I'll see you in English tomorrow,\" she states, then skips off. He watches after her, unsure of how to react.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: \" The way to get started is to stop talking and start doing. \" – Walt Disney He did see her in English and biology and lunch the next day. And the day after that, and the day after that for two weeks. In those two weeks, she had talked to him and asked him more questions more than his own family ever had. It was weird to him, but he didn't know how to not answer her. He was already not talking, what else could he do that wouldn't make his conscious worry? So, he answered each question by nodding and shaking his head and shrugging his shoulders and writing when absolutely necessary. She was really good about asking just yes or no questions though. It was always entertaining to see her try and word a question in a way he could just use movements. He guessed she didn't want him wasting to much paper on her. They were in biology one day, waiting for class to start. Dwayne was laying his head on the table, tired; and Ginny was holding her head up with her hands and asking questions and telling stories. \"Do you like the colour green?\" she asks, not looking at him. He lifts his head just barely and shakes it. She still doesn't look at him, but somehow knows what he's done and says, \"Yeah, I figured. You probably just like black and white right?\" He nods, his head still on the table. \"Yeah. I like green. I like black to though. I actually like them together. They mix really good. Well, not mix per say. More like they can be put together separately and make a good combination. Hm.\" She bites her lip and finally looks at him. \"Do you like milkshakes?\" He grabs his pencil and writes form a sideways view: Sometimes. \"Hm.\" She looks at the paper. \"Do you like them when it's hot out?\" He underlines the word. \"Oh, okay. It's a mood thing, not a weather thing, right?\" He nods. \"That makes sense.\" She nods, agreeing with herself. Mr. Ling finally walks into class and Dwayne sits straight up. \"Hello class, and how are we today?\" People mutter random things and Dwayne pops his back. \"Well, today you guys are getting you're big class projects!\" he tries to sound enthusiastic, for the classes sake, but everyone still groans in response. \"Now, now, it's no that bad. You'll get your table partner and you will build something that's biology related. You have to have a 3D diagram, a report, and one of you will have to speak about your project in front of the class. Now, I'll give everyone this time to talk with your partners and ask questions. This is the only day I will give you in class to work on it. Now get started.\" Ginny turns to face him, he turns to face her. \"So…\" she says. He draws a box around the \"s\" and \"o\" in sometimes. She giggles. \"Yeah, well what do you want to do?\" He shrugs. \"We could, build a cell?\" He shrugs. \"Or a DNA strand?\" He shrugs. \"Or a unicorn?\" He raises an eyebrow. She smiles brightly. \"Just making sure you're listening. But you have to give some input. This isn't just the Ginny Project. It's the Ginny and Dwayne Project. Or Dwayne and Ginny. Hm…. I like Ginny and Dwayne better, not because I come first, but because it flows better, don't you think?\" He pauses, then nods. He really doesn't care. \"So, what do you want to do?\" He shrugs. \"Come on, work with me please,\" she begs. He sighs and writes on a different piece of paper. She reads out loud: \" 'Everyone will do a cell or DNA. '\" She ponders for a moment, letting the words sink in. \"Yeah, you're right. Wellerz….\" She starts thinking again. He does to, just not as intensely as she does. It's quiet(something rare with her) for a few minutes. The only people talking are the other students and the teacher. He glances over at her, and only has view of her green eye. It's staring at the ceiling, but not really looking at it. Kind of like it's seeing past the ceiling and to somewhere else. \"I got it!\" Ginny says suddenly, and Dwayne looks away from her, startled. \"We can do a food chain!\" She pauses, as if waiting for applause. He just looks at her. \"You know: a food chain ? With animals and stuff! We could build one with some little toys and things!\" She seems way too excited by this. Still, Dwayne can't help but think it sounds like a pretty good idea. Plus easy and original, which will probably give them some extra points. He takes his paper and writes two letter. She smiles wide after reading them and says, \"Great! So that's all set in motion. Now, when and where do you want to meet up?\" He shrugs. \"Well, how about today after school?\" He shrugs. \"I will take that as a yes. Want to go to…. Your house?\" He hesitates. Does he really want to expose anyone to the hell that is his home? Richard would probably be home today taking care of Olive and working on his \"nine shits\". His mom would be off work before they finished, and then she would probably be all… mom-ish. And then there'll probably be arguing. Lots of arguing. And shitty chicken for dinner. \"Dwayne?\" she asks. \"Can we go to your house?\" He nods.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: \" A face is like the outside of a house, and most faces, like most houses, give us an idea of what we can expect to find inside.\" – Loretta Young He meets her in front of the school. Ginny's standing on the sidewalk, searching the crowd and biting her thumb. He walks up to her and waves shortly. She smiles. \"Hi! Ready to go?\" she asks. He nods. \"Kay, lead the way.\" She moves aside and he walks down the sidewalk with her in quick tow. \"Is your house far away?\" she asks. He shakes his head. \"Are we going to walk the whole way?\" He shakes his head. \"Are we taking a bus?\" He nods. \"Okay. I walk home. It's not that far from here. Oh, when we get to your house, can I use your phone and call my parents?\" He nods. \"Thanks. My mom and dad don't usually notice if I'm gone, but I figure it's only polite to call. Do you ever answer the phone?\" He shakes his head. \"I figured. But you said your parents divorced right?\" He nods. \"What if your dad calls?\" He takes out his notepad and stops walking. He writes something down and Ginny waits. He shoves the pad in her face and she reads out: \"' He doesn't. '\" She blinks and he drops his hand. \"Oh, sorry.\" He shrugs. They start walking again. \"So you haven't talked to your dad at all since you stopped speaking?\" He nods. \"Does he know?\" He nods. \"Your mom told him?\" He nods. \"How does he feel about it?\" He stops and takes the paper out again, and writes under his previous answer. She reads again: \"' He doesn't... Care. '\" She frowns. \"Oh. Sorry.\" He shrugs. She asks less personal questions when they get to the bus stop until the bus screeches up. He gets on and sits all the way in the back of the bus. She follows him like a shadow and sits next to him, in the aisle seat. She starts right from where she left off with questions and stories. He wonders at one point why he doesn't get as annoyed as he thinks he should. !&! After getting off at the appropriate bus stop, he leads her and her never ending questions to his house. He gestures towards it and she glances at the house. \"This is your house?\" He nods. \"It's cute. I like it.\" He rolls his eyes and walks up the driveway. His house was pretty shitty, actually. It just looked like a load of crap. He wasn't going to correct her though. Let her think what she wants. He lets her in and she immediately takes a big inhale of the air in the house. Again, he rolls his eyes. \"Hm, smells like…. Chicken,\" she states and he nearly laughs, but he keeps himself together. \"Is your mom home?\" He shakes his head. \"Is she at work?\" He nods. \"How about your step-dad?\" He shrugs. \"Okay. Where's your phone at?\" He points towards the kitchen, and leads her out of the living room and to the cluttered kitchen. There are papers and plates and cups everywhere. He doesn't care though. Ginny doesn't seem to mind either. In fact, she seems to be ignoring it all together. He points to the phone and she smiles. \"Great, thanks. I'll just be a second.\" She picks up the phone and starts dialing. Dwayne stands there for a second, then sighs and remembers all of his hospitality. He pulls out his notepad and writes while she puts the phone to her ear. He hold the paper up that says: Drink? She reads it, blinks, and whispers, \"No, I'm good. Thanks though.\" She smiles and he puts the paper down. She talks on the phone with her mother for a minute, Dwayne just standing there waiting for her to finish up. When Ginny finally hangs up the phone she sighs and smiles. \"Kay, all good. I have to be home by seven,\" she informs. He nods. \"Where are we working at?\" He points to a hall and then leads her again. She follows, and he shows her his room. It's spotless compared to the rest of the house. He keeps his floor clean for when he's working out or doing anything. This is his space and he likes for his space to be nice and neat. \"Hm…. Your room I'm guessing?\" she asks, walking into the room. She looks around and ignores his nod. \"Very… you. Plain, but understandable. She looks at the picture he drew just a few weeks ago that now hangs on his wall. She stares at it, then turns to face him again. \"Who?\" He goes over to his dresser and grabs the book that's lying on it. He holds it up and points to the author's name. She reads the name for a few minutes, then attempts to say out loud: \" Frrrried-rich Nee-et-zzzz-cha ?\" She looks at him, bewildered. \"What?\" He nearly laughs, but again keeps composer as he pulls out his notepad and writes. He hands her the paper that now reads: Freed-rik Nee-chuh . She stares at it, then mumbles the broken up syllables, her words stumbling. She says it again, a bit faster. Then faster and louder, then, she looks up and says, \" Friedrich Nietzsche?\" She pronounces it perfectly. He nods. \"Whew. So, this,\" she points to the drawing, \"is Friedrich Nietzsche ?\" He nods. \"Did you draw it?\" He nods. \"It's really good.\" He gives her this weird half nod that she now recognizes as a \"thank you\". \"So, what's so great about this Friedrich Nietzsche? \" He holds the book back up. She stares at it, then at him. \"The book?\" He shoves it out farther. \"You want me to read it?\" He nods. \"Okay.\" She grabs it and stares at the cover. \"Thanks.\" He shrugs. She looks up and smiles at him sweetly. He turns away and looks at the portrait, remembering how hard it had been to draw on the sheet and not thinking of how Ginny's smile was actually kind of…. Pretty. \"So, ready to get started?\" He nods, not looking at her. \"Okay.\" She goes and sits on his bed, crossing her legs and grabbing her book bag. He looks away from his drawing and grabs a chair from his desk, sitting in it backwards and in front of her. \"So, I think it would good to divide the work evenly.\" He nods. \"I think we can both work on the food chain.\" He nods. \"Then you can write the report, I'll help when needed.\" He nods. \"And I'll do the demonstration, that way you don't have to talk.\" He nods. \"You're very agreeable today.\" He shrugs. She lets out a big sigh. \"I hate to be a paper waster, but you have to put in some input.\" He sighs himself, and pulls out his notepad. He writes: Fine. Good plan. \"You're good with writing the report?\" He nods. \"Okay, so when and where do you want to go find toys? I'm assuming since your sister's nine she still plays with hers?\" I don't know . \"When will she be home?\" Depends. \"Hm…. Will she be home before I leave?\" Probably. \"Okay, so we'll ask if there's any toy animals she wants to part with when she gets home, and if we need more we can hit a thrift store or something. Sound good?\" He nods. \"Good. Now, let's figure out what kind of animals we want in our food web. And don't just shrug and agree with every animal I list. You'll have to name a few too.\" He pauses and stares at her. She really wants him to be active in this project. She wouldn't just let him help build it and write the report, he was going to have to have opinions and ideas about this whole deal. Dammit. \"So, what animal do you want to be in the web?\" He sits for a minute, then writes: Tiger. She stares at the paper, blinks, then looks at Dwayne. \"Tiger…. Alright. What kind?\" He quirks an eyebrow. \"Like, white or orange?\" He nods and writes: Orange . \"Okay, so regular old fashioned tiger.\" She scribbles that on a notebook she pulled out of her book bag at some point. \"Hm… Now, what do tigers eat?\" Anything. She laughs, throwing her head back. \"True, true.\" And from there they work out appropriate animals that can go into the web. Ginny makes Dwayne give his thoughts often, and he actually gets into the project. He writes to her when he thinks she's wrong, and even cracks a smile by accident at one point. She doesn't make a big show of noticing though, she just smiles back. They hear the door open and young girl scream: \" We're hooooooooome! \" Dwayne cringes, and looks at Ginny. She smiles. \"Is that your sister?\" she asks. He nods. \"Can we go see her?\" He shrugs. \"I'll take that as a yes.\" She stands up and waits for him to rise as well. He takes his time, in no rush to introduce anyone to his annoying family. She takes her place as his shadow and follows him out the hallway and into the kitchen. She's walking closer to him this time though, and it makes the hairs on his arms stand up. He first sees Olive dancing in the kitchen to some song on her walkman. He smiles smally, but quickly hides it. He walks over to his younger half-sister and, in the midst of her butt shaking, taps on her shoulder. Olive jumps, turning around and tearing the clunky headphones from her ears. She smiles wide at him. \"Hey Dwayne!\" He waves. Olive's eyes drift over to the shadow hovering in the hallway. She smiles wide. \"Is that your girlfriend? \" she announces loudly. Dwayne's cheeks set on fire. He shakes his head furiously and hears Ginny giggle behind him. \"Nope,\" she speaks up, and he senses her step closer to the siblings. \"I'm just a friend. My names Ginny. You must be Olive.\" Her arm stretches out to Olive, who grabs it enthusiastically and shakes it. \"Yup! Hi!\" She smiles widely. \"You're a very good dancer Olive,\" Ginny compliments, and Dwayne nearly rolls his eyes. \"Olive? Dwayne?\" he hears the most annoying voice in the world say from the living room. Dwayne turns to look, but doesn't see his dreaded step-dad. \"Is someone else here?\" He finally steps into view, and Dwayne immediately feels a headache behind his left eyebrow. \"Oh, hello there,\" he says to Ginny. \"Hello, you must be Mr. Hoover. I'm Ginny, Dwayne's friend from school.\" She reaches her hand out, and Richard shakes it with a weary look in his eyes. \"Mhm, nice to meet you. So, uh,\" he looks at Dwayne, who gives a subtle glare. \"What have you guys been doing?\" Dwayne fully rolls his eyes. Seriously? Richard thinks Dwayne is stupid enough to do a girl when him and Olive were excepted to walk in at any minute? Stupid. Ginny smiles. \"We've been working on an project for school.\" \"Oh,\" he nods, but Dwayne knows Richard is still filled with suspicion. Whatever. \"Uh, Mom will be home soon,\" he walks by the three kids. \"Are you staying for dinner Ginny?\" Ginny glances at Dwayne while everyone else looks away. He didn't move, but tried to mentally tell her not to take the risk. She stares and him and gives a small smile. \"No thank you sir, my parents are excepting me home for dinner.\" Dwayne inwardly sighs relief. \"Oh, well, that's, uh,\" Richard looks walks into the kitchen and checks the phone messages. He doesn't complete his terribly fragmented sentence. Ginny glances Dwayne with a curious glimmer in her different eyes. He senses that she's unsure of how to respond to Richard. Too bad he doesn't know either. He takes his notepad out its pocketed home and its accompanying pen. After he shows her the paper, he watches her thin lips mouth the word toys and then stare at the paper with her usual blinking eyes. She seems to be wondering what he's referring to, but when she figures it out, her eyes brighten and she looks at him with a smile. \"Right, I forgot,\" she tells him before looking to Olive. \"Hey, Olive?\" \"Yeah Ginny?\" Olive asks excitedly, her blue eyes wide. \"Me and Dwayne are doing this project for school and we need some toys of some animals. Do you have any you don't play with anymore that we can have?\" Her voice is that typical \"talking-to-a-person-smaller-than-me\" voice, all higher than usual and polite and somewhat sarcastic. Olive looks deeply into her thoughts. She's looking at the ceiling and sticking her tongue out and scratching her head; very serious thinking. \"I might,\" she finally says. \"We really need these ones.\" Ginny pulls out the paper with her handwrote list of the web of her skirt pocket. Dwayne quirks an eyebrow, he hadn't seen her put the paper there…. Not that he had been watching her or anything. Well, he had, but not in the creepy way. Obviously not intent enough for him to see her put the paper in her pocket. He had been watching her though. Okay, watching is a bad verb…. Hm, looking. Yeah, he had been looking her, sure. Not in a creepy way though. Wait, what? \"Dwayne?\" He looks at Ginny and he's sure he looks confused. \"You wanna go back to your room?\" she asks in a tone that tells him she's probably repeating this question. He mentally shakes his head out of whatever it just went into and nods to the blonde. She fades back into his shadow and follows to his room. He closes the door when they enter and he hears her sigh in relief. He turns with his left eyebrow cocked, quietly questioning her. She shakes her head. \"Your step-dad's kind of….\" She stops, obviously trying to find an appropriate adjective. He writes: an ass. After blinking her eyes, she laughs. \"Well, that's a bit different then what I was thinking, but it'll work.\" He smiles slightly and quickly looks away. Silence. First time since after biology. Weird silence though. Like they both aren't thinking or anything, they're just standing there. She wants to say something, he's sure, but he wants to make sure he says nothing. Whoa, what? \"DWAYNE AND GINNY!\" is shrieked moments later. Ginny jumps nearly off the ground, but Dwayne keeps his composer and simply looks at the door. Olive bursts in seconds later a small smile on her face. \"HI!\" She sings. \"I found a toy I don't want!\" \"Oh,\" Ginny quickly goes back into \"dealing-with-a-small-child\" mode and kneels down. \"That's great Olive. What is it?\" \"Here!\" Olive holds out her palm straight up and drops small, plastic tiger toy with a missing leg and chewed on tail. Dwayne stares at the toy with no emotion, as per usual, on his face. He glances at Ginny, who hasn't lost her smile at all. What was she still smiling about? They couldn't use that toy. \"Thank you Olive!\" She smiles and the young girl and grabs the broken piece of painted plastic. \"Can I have our list back too please?\" \"Sure!\" She hands Ginny the (now crumbled) piece of paper. \"BYE!\" Dwayne stares after his little sister until she slams the door shut. He stares at the white door, then looks down at Ginny. She staring at him smiling. She holds her hand out, showing the piece of crap his sister gave, and then says, \"Looks like we'll have to go shopping.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I dis this claim. Chit-Chat in Silence Chapter 1: \"Most conversations are simply monol"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Short on Words But Not on Actions","Author":"Skabooom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5453551","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N This chapternis short – really just a short prologue, the next chapters will benlonger, I promise. Dwayne Iverson did notnspeak to anyone – he didn't even look at anyone unless henabsolutely had to or unless he looked up in the hallway by mistakenand accidentally managed to make eye contact with someone. Somenpeople thought that Dwayne was crazy – that he was a classicnexample of a faux angst ridden teen desperate to get a dose of annover diagnosed anti-depressant. Others thought that he was holiernthan thou, that he fancied himself above everyone else, and that wasnthe reason that he kept to himself. It was, however, safento say that no one knew Dwayne. None of his classmates knew that hisnlast name matched NO ONE in his family, that at the high point, sixnpeople lived in their house and that he was only directly related tonthree of them. No one knew that his father lived in Florida and notnAlbuquerque, that he had kept silent as a pledge to himself to be thenstrongest that he could be. No one knew that the only person he trulynloved was his little half sister, Olive – hell, no one even knewnthat she was only his half sister and not his full sister, or thatnshe was the only reason he was still living in the small house thatnhe hated so much. One thing aboutnDwayne, however, was that everyone noticed him. Even in his largenhigh school, the boy stood out. He had stopped speaking near thenbeginning of his Freshman year and he was always, always alone. Also,nhe had black hair that, due to constant re-dyeing, never faded awaynto his natural brown. Due to this school-wide knowledge of the oddnboy, it took little time for the word to spread that, after the tripnto California, he was speaking again. When Dwayne walkedninto the school on the first day of his Sophomore year, he heardnwhispers almost right away. However, just as he had the year before,nDwayne ignored the words, hitching his backpack up as headed for hisnEnglish class. As was the norm fornhim, Dwayne took a seat in the back of the room, attempting tonmaintain maximum invisibility – little did he know that, just bynwalking into the classroom that day, he had attracted more attentionnthan he ever could have anticipated. \"Who is that?\" Anblond boy turned, watching as Dwayne came in before leaning towardsnthe desk of the boy sitting next to him. \"Oh, that's DwaynenIverson.\" Carl Jones shrugged as he answered the question posed tonhim. \"You don't need to know him – trust me.\" Carl shook hisnhead. \"I know that you just moved here, so let me be the first tontell you – Dwayne doesn't know how to be around people. He's annelitist, things he's better than everyone else. He doesn't talknto anyone, he doesn't even acknowledge anyone's existence.\" \"Oh.\" The blondnboy nodded. \"He doesn't look so bad, though.\" \"Trust me, Declan,nyou don't want to get to him; and even if you did, he wouldn'tnlet you, it would be a shocking waste of time to even try.\" Carlnscoffed at the very idea. \"He probably wouldn't even look at you,nhe would just push past you as though you weren't even there.\" \"Wow.\" Declan letnout a low whistle. \"He's THAT bad?\" \"Oh yeah.\" Carlnnodded. \"He's just…not like everyone else.\" \"I know.\" Declannnodded, biting his lip slightly as he turned to sneak another quicknlook at Dwayne. \"I can tell.\"[Chapter 2] A/N - Hey, I'm SO sorry about the slow updating. I had a lot this week - 3 papers, 2 exams, oh, and NaNoWriMo is coming up, so the updates will probably still be slow...but I'm not dropping the story. One week passed and Dwayne found that he still held just as much resentment towards both school and his peers as he had the year before. Last year, people had whispered about Dwayne's silence, and now that he was speaking again, people were whispering about that. He went through his classes, doing his work, pretending that he didn't care, and really, he didn't, at least not in the way that most people would have. He didn't care that people didn't like him, but it annoyed him that they wouldn't let him be invisible. Dwayne had fallen into a straight routine – he would wake at 6:00 every morning, take a shower, get ready and eat breakfast. At 7:00, he would leave the house and begin his walk to school. He would arrive at 7:25, leaving himself five minutes to get to his first class before the bell rang. He would take lunch alone in the library at noon before going back to class until 2:30 when school let out. Dwayne left the building at roughly 2:35, after stopping at his locker, and walked home, arriving back at his house no later than 3:00. His daily routine was not only perfectly regimented, but it was a solo routing, designed to him through the day without having to communicate with anyone. As a result of this, Dwayne was shocked on Monday when, as he left the school to walk home, someone fell into step with him. Dwayne looked over at his companion, taking note of the boy walking with him. He was almost as tall as Dwayne with green eyes, fairly short brown hair and pale skin. Neither boy said anything as they walked, though the rhythm of their footsteps was in nearly perfect time. By nature, Dwayne walked quickly, bit regardless, his companion had him matched stride for stride. After his regular, brisk, 25 minute walk, Dwayne split off from the other boy without so much as a parting word or action to acknowledge the fact that his stretch of the walk was over. Without hesitating, even for an instant, the other boy continued on, walking towards home as Dwayne went his own way. Dwayne entered his house, heading back to his room, wondering why that boy – the one he had now placed as the blond in his English class, had joined him in his daily walk. What surprised Dwayne even more was that the next day, the boy joined him again, appearing at Dwayne's side so fluidly that it was as though it was unintentional, as though it were a coincidence, that both boys simply happened to be heading in the same direction, but Dwayne was almost certain that the other boy had intended to fall into step beside him. Over the next two weeks, the blond boy walked in perfect stride with Dwayne every day. Neither uttered a word, and they rarely even glanced at each other, yet the presence of another person was oddly comforting and Dwayne found himself depending on the silent companionship. Even after he had broken his vow of silence, he was not great with words, thus he was thankful for the speechless interaction. On that Friday, just before Dwayne broke off from the other boy, he looked at the blond, biting his lip. \"Um,\" he whispered. \"I leave the house at seven.\" The other boy just nodded and continued to walk. Dwayne split off shortly after that, entirely unconvinced that his words meant anything to the other boy. Sure enough, however, on Monday morning, just as Dwayne was leaving his house, the other boy was walking past it. Dwayne fell into perfect step with him, shocked that neither of them had to stop or adjust their pace to walk side by side. About halfway to school, Dwayne took a deep breath before turning to the other boy. \"Dwayne.\" He said the word quietly, his own hermit-esque way of introducing himself to the boy. \"Declan.\" The other boy smiled as he too introduced himself with no more than his first name. The boys fell back into their silent step, hearing only their footsteps as they made their way to the building. They walked to their first class together, and while Dwayne took his normal seat in the back, Declan gave up his seat near the front to sit next to the black-haired boy. The seat next to Dwayne was always empty and as other students filed into the classroom, Dwayne knew that they were talking about the boy seated next to him. It was clear that this was going to be on the gossip charts for the day. Dwayne had no idea why so many people cared what he did when he had given them no reason to. Perhaps it was the joy of gossiping about someone who absolutely no one liked. No one except for the new kid, Declan Forrester.[Chapter 3] It had been one month.nOne month of walking to and from school together, one month ofnsitting next to each other in English class, one month of a nearnsilent friendship between Dwayne and Declan. It was almost Halloweennand Declan, who, while friends with Dwayne, had also managed to makena name for himself with some of the other groups, earning himselfninvitations to several parties. \"Dwayne?\" Declannbit his lip, taking a risk as he spoke to Dwayne on the walk home onenFriday. Dwayne turned his head, looking at Declan curiously, butnsaying nothing. \"Um, I got invited to Bobby Kessler's Halloweennparty tomorrow night and I was thinking about going, but…I mean,nwould you be interested in going?\" \"I don't go tonparties.\" Dwayne shook his head. \"Thanks, though.\" He wasn'tnreally sure how to react. No one had invited Dwayne to a party in anlong, long time, not since grade school when parents made the guestnlists anyways. \"Oh.\" Declannnodded. \"It's just, I don't know Bobby that well and I don'tnreally know the people that he hangs around with all that well, Injust thought it might be nice if there were someone there that…thatnI knew.\" \"Wait.\" Dwaynenfrowned as he stopped walking. \"You think that you know me?\" \"Well no, I mean…\"nDeclan sighed, turning to face Dwayne. \"I mean I don't knownanything about you except for what people at school say about you,nand even then, I don't believe half of the shit that comes out ofntheir mouth, but…I'd like to get to know you.\" \"You see, that'snwhere you've gone wrong.\" Dwayne shook his head, adjusting thenstraps on his backpack. \"You don't want to get to know me. No onenwants to get to know me.\" Dwayne began walking again, ignoringnDeclan as he chased after him. \"Dwayne!\" Declannsighed. \"If you change your mind, the party's tomorrow night,nBobby's house, starts at 10. It's a costume party.\" Declanndidn't pursue Dwayne any further as the boy split off to his housenand when Dwayne slammed the front door, no one was surprised. He wentnback to his room, tossed his backpack to the ground and flopped,nfacedown, onto his bed. Things weren't goingnthe way that they were supposed to. Dwayne wasn't supposed to havenfriends, he wasn't supposed to have anyone to ask him to parties.nHe was supposed to the kid who no one knew anything about the kidnwho, at graduation, when his name was called, everyone whispered tontheir neighbor, trying to figure out who the hell Dwayne Iverson was.nHe wasn't supposed to be the kid who went to Halloween parties andnhe definitely wasn't supposed to be the kid who let blond transfernstudents get to him. After almost threenhours, Dwayne rolled off of his bed and exited his room. He knockednon the door to Olive's room, leaning against the wall as he waitednfor his younger half sister to open the door to her messy chamber. \"Dwayne!\" Shensmiled. \"Come in.\" \"Hey, Olive?\" Hensat down on the edge of her bed. \"I need some help?\" \"With what?\" Olivenlooked at him, tilting her head to the side in a very professionalnmatter. \"I need a Halloweenncostume.\" \"OH!\" Olivengrinned, clapping here hands with glee as she went to her dress upnbox. Dwayne spent almost annhour with Olive going through the house, looking for the prefectncostume. After going through Olive's dress up box, the candy drawernand a few boxes in the basement, they managed to locate a hat withnear flaps, a licorice pipe, and an awful tweed cape. \"You get to benSherlock Holmes.\" Olive grinned as she presented Dwayne with thenitems. \"Now I know I have fake moustaches around here somewhere…\"nOlive wrinkled her nose as she went to her accessories drawer. \"Ahnha!\" She grinned, holding up the package of seven fake moustaches.n\"Here ya go.\" She shoved them at Dwayne. \"Perfect.\" \"Thanks Olive.\"nDwayne smiled as he took the items back to his room, tucking themnaway for the next day. *** \"Hey, where are youngoing?\" Richard raised an eyebrow as he saw Dwayne head for thendoor in costume. \"Party.\" Dwaynenshrugged, turning and leaving. He had informed his mother that henwould be going, so he did not feel the need to explain himself to hisnstepfather. He walked the half mile to Bobby Kessler's house,nalmost turning back several times. When he got to the party, it wasnjust past ten, and he wasn't sure what to do. He immediately headednfor the corner, wondering just how bad of an idea it was to comenhere. \"Whoa, you came!\"nDwayne looked up, jumping back slightly as Declan, dressed as IndiananJones, walked up to him. \"Yeah, well, mynsister wanted to put together a costume for me, so I guess I needed anplace to wear it.\" Dwayne shrugged, feeling that this was, indeed,nan awful idea as he looked awkwardly at Declan. \"Well you lookngood.\" He smiled. \"Tell your sister thanks for me.\" \"I'll be sure tondo that.\" Dwayne gulped, looking down at his beat up sneakers. \"Younknow, you look cool too, very, um…ok, I have no idea who you are.\" \"Wait, you'renkidding me, right?\" Declan's eyes widened as he looked at Dwayne. \"No…\" Dwaynentrailed off. \"Is this something that I should know?\" \"Indiana Jones?\"nDeclan let out a snort of laughter. \"Oh, heard of him,nyeah.\" Dwayne couldn't stop the burning feeling that crept upnbehind his neck, to his ears, and he had the sudden urge to pull downnthe earflaps to his hat to hide his blush. \"You've never seennan Indiana Jones film?\" Declan looked at Dwayne skeptically. \"No.\" Dwaynenshrugged. \"I don't watch a lot of movies.\" \"Oh.\" Declannnodded. \"Um, well if you like, sometime you could come over to mynplace and we could, you know, maybe watch one together?\" \"I guess so.\"nDwayne frowned as he spoke, the words leaving his mouthnautomatically, before he had even thought about them. \"Alright, well maybentomorrow if you like, or-\" Declan found himself cut off as Dwaynenleaned up, placing a soft kiss to the boy's lips. Declan closed hisneyes, kissing the other boy back for a split second. \"What the…\"nDeclan trailed off, rooted to the spot as Dwayne pushed him away. \"I have to go.\"nDwayne turned, running form the party without so much as anothernword.[Chapter 4] \"Dwayne, wait!\" Declan tore after Dwayne, chasing him into the night. It took Declan three blocks to catch up with Dwayne, and when he did, he grabbed the boy's wrist, pulling him to a stop. \"Don't just run away from me like that!\" Declan tightened his grip on Dwayne's arm as Dwayne tried to pull away. \"Let go!\" Dwayne frowned, struggling against the blond's grip. \"Not until you answer a couple of questions.\" Declan shook his head, his grip growing still tighter as he attempted to prove to Dwayne that he would, in fact, win this power struggle no matter what. \"Fine.\" Dwayne sighed after a couple of minutes, giving up the power struggle. \"What?\" \"Well first off, the obvious.\" Declan maintained his hold on Dwayne as he looked at the boy. \"Why did you kiss me?\" \"Please.\" Dwayne gulped. \"Just let go, alright? And don't tell anyone, I don't want everyone looking at me any more frequently than they already do, alright?\" \"I won't tell anyone.\" Declan shook his head. \"But I still want my answer.\" \"Your answer?\" Dwayne looked down, trying to keep from panicking. Nothing like this had ever happened to him before, he had never kissed anyone, and he had no idea how to handle his own actions at that particular moment. \"I kissed you because…because I wanted to.\" \"Alright.\" Declan nodded, smiling slightly at Dwayne's confession. He had known he was getting through to Dwayne slowly as they had been walking to and from school together, but he had not been expecting anything like this – after all, he had been 90 percent sure that Dwayne was straight…if he was anything at all. \"Now why you ran away.\" \"I ran away because I kissed you!\" Dwayne sighed. \"I mean why the fuck wouldn't I run away?\" \"Oh, maybe because I was kissing you back?\" Declan rolled his eyes. \"Dwayne, if you want to kiss me, you go ahead and fucking kiss me, alright? I've been trying to get you to notice me since the first day of school.\" \"Y-you have?\" Dwayne looked up, his eyes displaying clear shock and confusions as he looked at Declan. \"Yes!\" Declan nodded emphatically. \"Why do you think I walked with you? Why do you think I stopped taking rides to school with my mom? I wanted to walk with you, Dwayne, so that I could get to know you because I really, really wanted to even though absolutely everyone told me that it was useless.\" \"Well normally they wouldn't have been wrong.\" Dwayne sighed. The things that people had told Declan, most of them were true. He didn't like to let people in and he definitely didn't make it easy. In his defense, however, very few people had actually tried to get to know Dwayne in the way that Declan had. And Declan had been the one who had succeeded. \"But they were,\" Declan pressed. \"You're sick of being all by yourself, aren't you? You're tired of spending all of your time alone in the back of a classroom, sitting in the library at lunch. You're tired of being the only person in your life.\" \"No, I'm not.\" Dwayne frowned, beginning to get defensive. \"I'm fucking fine on my own.\" He yanked his arm away from Declan's loosening grip. \"Who do you think you are? Coming into my life, telling me what I need, what I am? I'm just fine all by myself, alright? I don't need you, I don't need anyone.\" Dwayne ripped off the hat he had been wearing, stuffing it into his pocket. \"I don't need you telling me who I am.\" \"Oh, that's mature.\" Declan laughed. \"You think that you're fine by yourself? Everybody hates you, Dwayne, everybody. You can't go through a life like that, with no one on your side? That's ridiculous! You hide behind your neo-nazi bullshit, but really, you're just a boy who's afraid of coming out of his shell.\" \"You have NO idea who I am!\" Dwayne shook his head. \"No idea at all. I know that people hate me. They hate me because I'm different, they hate me because I've got black hair, because I read Nietzsche and work my ass off to achieve my goals.\" \"No, Dwayne, you're wrong.\" Declan sighed. \"They hate you because they think that you think you're better than everyone else, and you know what? They have a point! You isolated yourself, Dwayne, no one pushed you into the corner and made a sport of gawking and teasing you. You think anyone would give a shit that you dye your hair black if you shot people a smile every now and then?\" Declan let out a dry, humorless laugh. \"The box you're in you've created all by yourself. You've labeled yourself and you're fucking stupid if you can't see that.\" \"If I'm so awful, why the hell would you want to get to know me?\" Dwayne shot back. \"Because I thought you'd be different deeper down.\" Declan threw his hands up in the air. \"I thought that there would be a part of you that would come out if I got close to you, a part of you on the inside that matched the beauty you've got on the outside.\" Declan paused, taking a deep breath. \"You're the walking, talking meaning of the phrase 'beauty is only skin deep.'\" \"What?\" Dwayne froze. \"Beauty? What the hell are you talking about?\" \"You, Dwayne!\" Declan let out an exasperated sigh. \"You're fucking gorgeous, that's what caught my attention initially – you're sexy as hell, but in a different way from everyone else and I liked that. Just goes to show how fucking stupid I am.\" Declan muttered the last words, turning away from Dwayne, beginning to walk back in the direction of the party. Dwayne watched Declan in shock for about six seconds before catching the fabric on the boy's shirt, pulling back around and pressing his lips against Declan's. Once he had the boy, Dwayne let go of the shirt, wrapping his arms around Declan's waist, pulling him closer as the kiss grew more aggressive, more desperate. The second Declan's hands began to tangle through Dwayne's hair, however, Dwayne pulled away again. \"What?\" Declan looked at Dwayne, trying to read the confused expression on the boy's face. \"What's wrong?\" \"I can't do this.\" Dwayne pushed Declan off of him, turning and walking briskly towards his house again. \"Oh, now that's just not ok.\" Declan chased Dwayne a second time, jogging in front of the boy, blocking the sidewalk ahead. \"You can't keep doing that, Dwayne, just kissing me and running off.\" Declan reached up, placing his hand on the center of Dwayne's chest. \"What's so hard about admitting that you like me?\" \"I just…\" Dwayne gulped, unable to make eye contact with Declan. \"I can't let you in.\" \"Why not?\" Declan slowly moved closer to Dwayne, his arms moving around Dwayne's neck as he tried to draw Dwayne's eye contact to his. \"What's so bad about letting someone who cares about you into your life?\" \"Because…I don't know how.\" Dwayne sighed. \"I don't have friends, I don't let people in.\" He paused, biting down on his lower lip. \"I don't know how to care about anyone but myself and my sister.\" \"Maybe it's time to learn.\" Declan placed on of his hands on Dwayne's cheek. \"Maybe it is.\" Dwayne nodded, leaning down, placing a soft kiss to Declan's cheek. \"Come on.\" Declan moved away, taking Dwayne's hand as he stood by his side. \"I'll walk you home.\"[Chapter 5] When Dwayne woke up the next morning, he wasn't sure that the events of the previous night had been real. He sat up and rubbed his eyes, going through things in his mind to make sure that he hadn't been dreaming. After several minutes of deliberation, he came to the conclusion that everything that had happened was real. He had kissed Declan at the party, then run away, only to have a massive fight with him in the middle of the street followed by another kiss and a short, but sweet conversation. As it sunk in that Dwayne had finally started to let someone in, he began to panic. He didn't like the idea of letting someone in. He had been guarded for a reason, guarded because every person that he had ever let in had hurt him, aside from Olive, and she was too young to hurt him, she would never do something like that, not to him. If he let Declan in, things would get bad, they would go to hell. Then again, if he didn't, if he shut him out now, well, Declan had a better read on him than most people did, he knew things about Dwayne, things that no one else had bothered to even think about. Declan showed signs of caring about him, but that didn't mean that he wouldn't hurt Dwayne. \"Dwayne?\" He heard a knock on the door, followed by his sister's voice. \"Yeah, come in.\" He sighed, still sitting up in bed. \"You're awake, that's good.\" Olive smiled, hopping up onto the bed and sitting next to him. \"Did people like your costume?\" \"Yeah.\" He nodded, smiling at her. In truth, only Declan had commented, but that was all that mattered, right? \"They did, said I looked good.\" \"Well you did.\" Olive grinned. \"It was a good costume,\" Dwayne agreed. \"Thank you.\" \"So who's your new friend?\" Olive asked. \"What do you mean?\" Dwayne tilted his head to the side. \"The cowboy that brought you home last night.\" Olive giggled. \"I was supposed to be asleep but I stayed up and I saw him walk you to the door from the window. He looked nice.\" \"Oh.\" Dwayne bit his lip. \"He wasn't a cowboy, he was Indiana Jones, he's a character from a movie series.\" Dwayne shrugged. \"And that guy's name was Declan, he lives in the area, so we walked home together.\" \"Mom said that it's strange,\" Olive stated. \"What?\" \"Mom said that it's strange, she says that you don't have friends, she said you didn't like other people.\" \"Well I like you, don't I?\" Dwayne teased. \"I mean aside from me.\" Olive rolled her eyes. \"You're too good at that,\" Dwayne commented. \"At what?\" \"Eye rolling.\" Dwayne smiled, reaching out and ruffled his sister's hair. \"And mom's wrong, I don't hate everyone, I just only like really special people.\" \"Special people like Declan?\" Olive asked. Dwayne paused, biting his lip as he thought about it. Yes, Declan was special. He was someone like Dwayne had never known and now that he was in Dwayne's life, it was strange. \"Yeah.\" Dwayne nodded. \"People like Declan,\" he said slowly. \"Oh, and of course people like you.\" He grinned, lunging forwards, ticking Olive. \"STOP! STOP!\" Olive shrieked as she laughed and writhed around. \"MOM! HELP!\" \"Dwayne, what – oh.\" Sheryl smiled as she walked into the room. She put her hands on her hips, though her smile didn't fade. She hadn't seen Dwayne act like this in awhile, and it was oddly comforting to her. \"Stop tickling your sister.\" \"She started it,\" Dwayne stated, letting go of Olive. \"Did not.\" Olive stuck her tongue out at Dwayne, who just smiled at her. \"You two.\" Sheryl rolled her eyes, heading back into the hallway. \"Well now I know where you get your eye rolling from.\" Dwayne reached out, shoving Olive gently off the bed. \"Out, I gotta get dressed.\" \"Okay.\" Olive smiled, heading for the door. \"Are you gonna see your friend today?\" \"I don't know.\" Dwayne bit his lip, frowning slightly as he realized that he didn't have Declan's number or address. He had no way of getting in touch with the boy, hell, he didn't even know his last name. He sighed, grabbing a change of clothes and a towel as he headed for the bathroom. He had to think about this whole situation some more, and as the warm water beat down on his chest, he tried to decipher what was going on. Letting Declan in meant making a friend, and having a friend was a good thing, but having a friend also meant talking about himself, talking about things that he really didn't want to talk about, saying things he didn't want to say. Dwayne knew that he wasn't normal, that he wasn't like other people. He was fucked up in ways that most people didn't understand, and he didn't know how to be a friend. What if he messed up? What if he hurt Declan? As that realization hit, Dwayne began to worry about which was more likely, him hurting Declan or Declan hurting him. If he let Declan in, they both had the power to hurt each other, and wouldn't it be easier to just go it alone? To not have to deal with that kind of thing? For a moment, he resolved to push Declan away, to shut him out, but only seconds later, Olive's words echoed in his mind. Declan was special. Declan had seen Dwayne when no one else cared enough to look, he had taken notice of not only how weird Dwayne was, but who he was as a person, and no one else had done that for him. He remembered the kisses, the way he had felt right before the first kiss, the strong urge he had to make a move and the way he panicked the moment he felt Declan kissing him back. The second kiss had been different, longer, better, more passionate, but the kiss that really stuck with Dwayne was the soft one to the cheek that he had given Declan, the way that Declan had taken his hand. He stepped out of the showering, toweling himself dry and pulling on his clothes, his mind still going over the pros and cons of letting someone into his life. He sighed, leaning against the bathroom wall. This wasn't just someone, this was someone who made him feel important, someone who made him feel good. This was someone that he actually wanted to be around. Maybe letting this boy in wouldn't be so bad after all, maybe it would be what he needed. Maybe Dwayne needed Declan to help him figure out who he was, what was going on, and maybe, just maybe, Dwayne was ready to fall for someone. A/N Sorry that it took me so long to get back to this...I don't know how long it'll be before I hit it up again, but I felt like working on it, so here we go! Let me know what you think of Dwayne and Declan![Chapter 6] Dwayne was sitting in his room working on his homework when the doorbell rang. It was never for him, so he didn't let it bother him, and he went back to focusing on his English paper. However, only a few seconds later, there was a knock at the door. \"Come in,\" Dwayne called, assuming it was Olive. \"Hey, someone's here to see you.\" Sheryl smiled, pushing the door open to reveal Declan standing there. \"Oh, hey.\" Dwayne gulped, closing his copy of Hamlet and standing up. \"Um…I didn't know you were coming over.\" \"Thought I'd surprise you, is that okay?\" Declan asked. \"Um, yeah, sure.\" Dwayne nodded. \"Okay, well I'm gonna leave you two.\" Sheryl left, closing the door behind her, and Dwayne went back to sitting on the bed, though his English paper was already forgotten. He didn't know what he was supposed to say to Declan, he had not been expecting the boy to show up here, and he felt nervous. He wasn't used to having people around who weren't his family, and even then, he did his best to give them as wide a berth as possible. \"So, what are you up to?\" Declan asked, taking a seat in Dwayne's desk chair. \"Just doing the Hamlet paper.\" He shrugged. \"Oh yeah?\" Declan tilted his head to the side. \"What's your topic?\" \"I'm writing about how I believe that pretending to be insane actually drove Hamlet to madness.\" Dwayne shrugged. \"Oh, so you think if he had never pretended to go crazy, he wouldn't have gone crazy?\" \"I guess it's possible.\" Dwayne shrugged. \"But I'm arguing against it, you know…going through the motions. The paper will get a good grade because it's different, that's how the teachers work…they want to see that you read the text and that you thought about it in a way that isn't cliché.\" \"Dwayne, I don't think you have to worry about being a cliché.\" Declan laughed, leaning back in the chair. \"What does that mean?\" Dwayne asked. \"I don't think that there's anything about you that's even close to being a cliché.\" \"Oh.\" Dwayne shrugged. \"Well…what's your paper on?\" \"I don't know, I haven't started yet…it's not due for over a week.\" Declan shrugged. \"I know. I guess I like to get a head start on things.\" He looked down, feeling a little foolish. Part of the reason why he always did his homework ahead of time was because he didn't have anything else to do. His plans of being a pilot had been crushed, so his workout routine, while still active sometimes, didn't seem as important, and he didn't have a new goal. He was going through the motions, but the thing that he had spent the past few years working for was gone. \"You're definitely not a cliché.\" Declan smiled. \"No high school kid acts like you do.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" Dwayne bit his lip, looking down. \"No, no.\" He shook his head. \"Don't be sorry, you're different, that's not a bad thing.\" Declan shrugged. \"I like it, actually.\" \"Really?\" Dwayne tilted his head to the side. \"Most people around here push away anything that's different.\" \"Or they think that you're pushing them away by being different,\" Declan countered. \"Are we really going to get into why people hate me again?\" Dwayne asked, his voice started to rise. \"Is that why you came here?\" \"No, no, relax.\" Declan smiled, getting up and moving to sit next to Dwayne. \"Calm down, you get worked up way too easily.\" He rubbed Dwayne's back gently. \"I came here because I had a question for you.\" \"Okay.\" Dwayne nodded. \"Shoot.\" \"I was wondering if you wanted to go out on a date with me tonight.\" \"W-what?\" Dwayne's eyes widened as he looked up at Declan. He had really not been expecting that. They were just starting to get to know each other, a date was not what he had had in mind as the next step of their friendship, and he couldn't imagine that it was what Declan had had in mind, or at least he wouldn't have guessed it. \"A date,\" Declan stated. \"You know, two people who like each other go out, maybe get something to eat, maybe go to a movie, get to know each other a little better, spend some alone time together…asker pays.\" \"I know what a date is,\" Dwayne whispered. \"I just…I don't…I wasn't, I'm not…\" \"You've never been on a date before?\" Declan asked. \"Well no, but that's not the point.\" \"Then what is?\" Declan asked, a smile on his face as he tilted his head to the side. \"I know that you like me, Dwayne, you can't deny that – you kissed me last night, or don't you remember? I believe it was twice on the lips and once on the cheek? That's usually a pretty fair indicator that you like someone.\" \"I know, I just…I wasn't expecting this.\" Dwayne bit his lip. \"I'm not sure what to do.\" \"Well you could say yes,\" Declan led, reaching out and taking Dwayne's hand. \"Going on a date, it's not the end of the world. It's a commitment, it's not saying that you're crazy, passionately in love with someone, it's just saying that you like them enough to take them out for a bit of a test drive.\" He shrugged. \"It can be casual, we can just go grab something to eat and talk, okay? Get to know each other better.\" \"You want to get to me better?\" Dwayne asked. \"We've been over this.\" Declan rolled his eyes. \"Dwayne, you fascinate me, you're different from everyone else, I like different, and I want to get to know who you really are.\" He bit his lip. \"I know that you keep a lot back, and I want to get to know the person that you try to keep everyone from meeting.\" \"Why would you want to get to know that person?\" Dwayne asked. \"Trust me, he's not worth knowing.\" \"He isn't?\" Declan tipped his head to the side, a playful smile still gracing his lips. \"No.\" Dwayne shook his head, looking down at the floor and away from Declan. \"He's not. There's nothing remarkable or interesting about him, he's lacking substance and he's really just, well like I said…he's not worth knowing.\" \"Hmm.\" Declan tapped his chin. \"Well why don't you let me be the judge of that, okay? After all, we are our own worst critic.\" \"I don't know…\" Dwayne bit his lip. Hadn't he decided to let Declan in? Hadn't he decided that it was worth giving it a shot just so that he could feel the way that he did when Declan was around him? He wanted to get closer to this boy, but he was now afraid that when Declan got closer to him, he wouldn't like the Dwayne that he found. \"What's the worst that could happen, really?\" Declan asked. \"We realize we're not compatible in that way, we stay friends and you get a free meal.\" \"Free meal?\" Dwayne furrowed his eyebrows. \"Remember what I said?\" Declan shoved Dwayne playfully. \"The asker pays.\" \"Oh.\" Dwayne took a deep breath before nodding. \"Okay, we can give it a shot.\" \"Great.\" Declan smiled. \"I'll be back to pick you up at 8.\" \"You don't just want to meet somewhere?\" Dwayne asked. \"No.\" Declan shook his head. \"Declan Forrester doesn't do things that way. If we're going on a date, we're doing it right.\" \"Aren't we already kind of messing up by both being male?\" Dwayne asked. \"Oh wake up and smell the coffee, Iverson.\" Declan smiled as he stood up, heading for the door. \"It's the 21st century. I'll see you at 8.\" With that, he left Dwayne's room, leaving the other boy in shock and awe. This was definitely nothing he had ever experienced, and he wasn't sure how to take it. A/N Alright, so I'm a little curious right now. I know that some of guys like Declan and some of you guys really don't, so I'm wondering how you guys feel about him and how you feel about him and Dwayne - I'd love some feedback - also, if you have any ideas, I'm open to suggestions, this story isn't as mapped out as some of my other ones have been in the past. ","Summary":" A/N This chapternis short – really just a short prologue, the next chapters will benlonger, I promi"},{"Movie":"Third Star","Title":"Our Lonely Third Star","Author":"talesofmyheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10498383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] pChapter 1/p pGlimpses of the drowning haunt my sleep. The kiss, the goodbye, and the body all torture my mind. I can remember it as clear as the sand on the water that day. I wake up with a gasp, drenched sheets clasped in my fingers and the sound of clashing waves in my head. I can feel something wet drip down my pale, smooth cheek. There's a metallic taste in my mouth and my lips are all chapped from constantly being bitten. I don't want to remember this, but yet I don't want to lose it. I don't want to lose him, I don't want to forget but the memory's too unbearable to stay. I can't go back to sleep now, I begrudgingly get up and check the time. 3:00 am, \"God is it that early\"? and dawdle to the bathroom. I put the light on the bathroom and look into the mirror. I'm starting to look emaciated but I can't eat anymore, my collarbones sticking out like two pins. /p pBut what is frightening even more, is my eyes. James used to always say my eyes looked like molten gold \"Your eyes remind of the sun Kelly, never think you're eyes aren't beautiful\". My eyes used to be bright and full of happiness, but now are blank and dull. My hair which used to glow caramel in the sun, now falls limp against my shoulder blades. The worst thing is, is that I don't even care. I don't care about the way I look anymore, the world's just an empty place now. The world took what I loved the most and there's no changing back now. I turn the tap on and I splash water on my face, the hot water sinking into my pores. I look at the water swirling down the drain, its almost peaceful. Flashback of the drowning, the crying, the tent and his gorgeous smile fill my head. I cry out and retch into the sink, nothing coming up. I collapse on the floor, breath coming out in small, whimpering gasps. I hear my name, \"Kelly, Kelly its ok Kelly, calm down\" in a soft, gentle voice and feel a light touch on my shoulders. As If someone was hugging me from behind, but how?. How?, there's no one here. \"What are you\"? I cry out, my breath wheezing, my voice raspy. \"James\"?, \"James is that you\"?. No reply, I slowly get up and hold onto the sink as my legs tremble under my weight. I look into the mirror, \" This can't be real, this is not real\" I think in my head \" I'm making this up\". I look into the mirror with confusion. I'm slowly losing my grip on this world, my sanity slowly thinning out. As I stare at the mirror I see a blurry reflection behind me, it looks like James. I spin around, there's no one there. I run my hands through my hair, shaking my brain, trying to get it to work again. \"I'm sleepwalking\" I whisper to myself. I slowly walk back to my bed and collapse under the sheets, as I fade back to sleep. I hear the sheets being pulled up and my face being caressed and a voice \"I'm still here\". /p pI wake up, I look over at the alarm. 12:30am. \"Shit\", I yell out and scurry out of the bed. Then I realized it's Saturday, no work today and I breathe a sigh of relief. The job is not much of a job, but it's still a job. Was that a dream last night? I don't know anymore and I put fresh clothes on, brush my teeth and head out to the closest Starbucks for a coffee hit and maybe if I'm hungry a double choc-chip muffin. Its hard for me to go out anymore, I see his face and hear his voice everywhere, but I still try. I lock the apartment door and take the steep stairs down. The run-down apartment is old but it has a homely feel to it. I only see the owner when he wants rent and I usually keep on it, so he doesn't bug me like he does with the others. The walls are a boring beige and the entire building screams plain but it works and its cheap. I walk out into the city streets and I feel the sun hit on my face. It the most amazing sensation, to have the sun envelope the face. I love it, I head into the coffee scented shop and take my scarlet coat off and hang it on the coat rack. I order my coffee and decide not to eat and I sit down on the brittle, sturdy chair and read the 3 month old newspaper splayed out in front of me. \"Lovely day isn't it\"? I look up and there's James, his dark curly hair, his gorgeous dimpled smile \"James\"? I ask, \"Excuse me\" James says, but he wasn't, this man had brown eyes instead of piercing blue hazel. \"Oh,sorry thought you were someone else\". I reply back shyly. The man chuckled \"Honey you can call me whatever you want\", and walked away. I smile to myself, that's probably the funniest thing that has happened to me for a while. I grab my coffee and sit back down. \"He's no good for you\", I hear and whip my head around but there's no one around and I sit down and focus on the delicious coffee. I've nearly finished when I hear a familiar voice, I look up and there's Miles and Davy talking to each other. \"Miles, Davy\" I call out and they both see me and smile. Davy comes and hugs me first, \"Hey Kelly, how you doing ?, you look great\". Davy is always so kind and gentle, he just likes to help other people. He was amazing to James at the road trip we had, carrying him, giving him medicine. We all took turns looking after James but Davy was the main carer and I was the comforter. The one who held James when he was scared, the one who gave him a relationship experience before he died. And i'll never regret it. \"I'm doing great, thanks Davy, how are you doing Miles\"? Miles just stood there, cold as usual, don't know how he got Rebecca but he did. \" I'm alright, thanks Kelly\", in that always professional tone. Davy was scruffy, as usual but it was the best look on him. His long hair falling into his eyes, the smell of faint cigarettes wafting of his clothes. Miles however looked as pristine as ever, his blonde hair coifed back and he smelt of aftershave and cologne. \"So where's Bill?, i asked, \" He's at the clinic, with Abbey for the ultrasound\" Miles said. We all sat down and ordered coffee and I decided to order that muffin after all. We haven't seen each other since the funeral so it was great to see them again and somehow I just feel that James is watching us and smiling, with a tear trickling down his eye./p[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 After coffee, all of us went out behind Starbucks for a cigarette. I only really started after the funeral, but it helps so much. The wind was picking up so I hugged my coat even tighter around myself, wishing I also brought my scarf and beanie with me. I unlock the woody, rust-coated door and step into my cold, dank apartment. My apartment's almost empty, apart from the fridge, the table, the kitchen, the TV and the couch. I don't have a lot of furniture but then again with just one person it's not really needed. I take my coat and put it on the rack in the closet, when something falls to the floor. It's a photo from my 21st birthday; it seems so long ago now. I looked so happy back then, so alive and free. In the photo we were all sitting down with our arms around each other and my face pushed up against James's chest. He was so healthy back then, so full of strength and energy. It's only been a year since he's gone, but in this photo he looked so happy, if only he knew what his would be. The cancer was swift and quick; it wasn't long before he deteriorated. Before he started guzzling down morphine and using a cane, before he grew weak and thin. I wish I told him years before he died how I really felt about him. I can't believe I only told him that week at Barafundle Bay. \"I always knew\", a voice pops out at me\", I turn around and there's no one there. \"James\", I scream out. \"Is that you\"? I turn around and James is right there in front of me. He's still wearing the clothes he had on when he drowned but there's something different about him. He looks so much healthier, the colouring gone back onto his face. His stance has even changed, he's not hunching into himself anymore, and he's tall. James is absolutely beautiful. \"Hello, love\" he says in that gorgeous baritone voice of his. I am absolutely shocked, here is James who I saw go in the water alive and come back out in Miles arms is here in front of me. \"But you're dead, I saw you dead in Miles arms\" I say in a tone of disbelief. \"I decided it wasn't my time to leave yet\", he whispers \"I cradled you in my arms, the police had to pry me off you because I wouldn't let go\", I was crying by then, my voice slowly rising. He starts to move closer, as I start to move away. \"Yes and that's why I had to stay, as I started moving towards the stars, I heard your cry and…\" James voice starts to crack and I look into his gorgeous tear-filled eyes. I hated it when James cried; he used to look so tragically beautiful. I just wanted to hold him and kiss all those tears away and I usually did. I couldn't even speak, I was so shocked. \"So what are you now then\"? I cautiously asked. \"I don't know, but I'm going to stay and I'm going to be with you\", James shyly smiled at me. \"Can anyone else see you\", I asked. \"No, just you for the moment\" James inched a little bit closer. I stood still. \"But why me, why not Davy or Miles or Bill\", I asked. James inched closer, now he was so close to me. He lifted his arms and he cupped my face. I could feel his touch, I could feel his hands cupping my face and they were strong hands. \"Because you were the one who comforted me the most, you were the one who held my hand and kissed my lips and cradled me when I hurt the most. You gave me the one experience I truly wanted and that was love, I just wanted to feel love before I died and you gave me that. \" James very slowly brought his lips down. I couldn't, I pushed him away and at the same time amazed that I can actually touch him. \"No\", I cried \"This can't be real, it can't be, you're dead, and you're dead\". I was full on crying, my hands in my hair and I just kept repeating \"you're dead, you're dead\". James rushed over and cradled me, \"I'm not dead, but I'm not alive either\" and he started stroking my hair. That's when I broke down. \"GO AWAY\", I screamed at him \"LEAVE ME ALONE\" I pushed against him, and he let me loose. I looked up into his eyes, his face streaked with tears. \"But, Kelly\" he whispered \"GO AWAY, STOP HAUNTING ME, PLEASE IT HURTS TOO MUCH\". I fell on the floor, sobbing, crying and rocking back and forth. I don't know how long I was there, but I looked up and James was gone. And that made me cry even more.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 I stayed on that floor for Lord knows how long. I couldn't move, couldn't do anything. I literally could not move. My mind is racing with a million thoughts. How could this be possible? Is my mind playing tricks on me? He looked so real, He spoke, I felt his touch. The human brain cannot create that identical of a person, so was it real? Did this actually happen? Because if this did, I'm going to have to rethink about what I believe in. I slowly get up, my legs like lead. My heart heavy with sorrow, my mind clouded by disbelief. I walk slowly to the bedroom and collapse on the bed. My eyes are sore and puffy from crying, my face is dry and red. My lips are swollen and taste like salt. I fall asleep within seconds. The night was cool and breezy, the fire rising up and down like a phoenix. We were all lying around the fire, sharing a joint. \"So what do think happens when we die\"? James randomly said. James was looking so tired by then, so weak. I just looked at him and I knew, he was tired of life. He was tired of the pain, the morphine, he was tired of living. \"I hope there is a God, up there, just waiting\" Davy said, almost dreamily. \"I don't know\" Bill said, just staring up at the clouds. \"I believe there's nothing, just that our arses rot in our casket and that's it\" Miles said in his always moody voice. \"I want to be dancing up in the stars, just dancing in random itness\" James said in a slurry voice, his morphine must be kicking in. \"I believe you get what you believe, if you believe there's nothing, you get nothing. If you believe there is a tunnel, there will be\" I said confidently. \"And I also think we should stop talking this, isn't this meant to be a happy trip for James? Why are we talking about this, Why…\" I couldn't take it any longer. Seeing James with his curly brown hair and his stunning blue-green eyes, I don't think I can cope without him. I walk off towards the beach, my wind whipping in my hair. Tears that I was holding back finally pour out of my eyes and onto my face. I sit down on the smooth sandy beach. The moon reflecting the ocean and casting its silhouette onto my face. The waves crashed back into oblivion and slowly came forward and caressed the sand. I wish I could've told James sooner, but I was always too afraid, too scared. I start throwing sand towards the ocean and wished the water would wash away my fear and my regret. I feel a hand rub against my back, I turn and there's James standing there. His breaths gone all wheezy and he's heavily relying on his walking stick. \"James, what are you doing\", I exclaim and I help him sit down on the wet sand. I give him my black coat that's 2 sizes too big for me but fits him perfectly. I drape it around his shoulders, his starts to slide it off. \"James, no\" \"But it's cold\" \"No, you need it more than I do, so keep it\" He then turns to me, and he puts a hand on my shoulder. \"Are you ok Kelly\"? He asks in a sincere voice. I look at him, his eyes full of sincerity. His face is starting to look gaunt, he barely eats anymore. I need to tell him before its too late. I kiss him hard on the lips, his lips dry and his breath tainted with morphine. I cradle his face, I stroke his cheek. I try to keep as much of his essence as I could. He finally realizes what's happening and kisses me back. James was my first kiss and he'll probably be my last, he grabs my hip. I pull away first. \"I love you, I have for a long time and I'm so sorry I've only had the guts to tell you now, I just thought I'd have more time with you but….\" I trail off and start crying. He pushes me against his body, using his core strength to support me. I hug his waist, careful not to lean against his legs. I hug him so tight, I don't want to let go. I don't want to lose him; there's hasn't been enough time. While I hug him, I kiss his neck, his face. I leave a trail of tears where those kisses once laid, I smell his skin. He just lets me do what I want; he just strokes my hair and whispers quiet noises in my ear. I finally kiss his lips, more hungry this time. I open my mouth a little wider and i let my tongue trace a little on his lips. He moans, oh his voice is so beautiful. That's what I've always loved about him. His unruly, silk hair and his gorgeous, sexy voice. We pull away. \"It's time to be heading back, they'll get worried\" I told James. \"Yeah\" he groans I grab him by the waist and pull him up onto his feet; he grabs my body and leans against it. I start walking him and me back to the tent. \"Wait\" James says tiredly. I still hold his waist, he lets go of me. I grab his waist even tighter; he puts his hands of either side of my face and gives me a long, lingering kiss. I started to cry, my tears flowing down his fingers and he would very gently wipe the tears away. \"I love you too, Kelly\". I gave him the biggest smile I could ever give, and in return he smiled back. His eyes crinkling at the edges and in that one time, he looked so young and innocent. When we arrived at the tent, no one said anything but I guess they kind of knew from the way we were still holding each other. When we finally settled in for the night, I slept next to James. That was already my position anyway, just in case if he was in pain or cried out during the night. I would be there to hold him and kiss his tears away. When the other boys were asleep, I stroked his face and his hair. Halfway through the night, he awakened and smiled at me. Then very quietly and very gently kissed my nose, then we fell asleep in the huddled, cold tent. I woke up to my silent bedroom apartment. It was 10:00 pm and for once I actually wanted to go back to sleep, rather than wake up.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 The photo on the ground is in tatters, the memory on the photo is long gone. The floor is now covered in bits of blue and green. The scissors are still in my hand, the memory slowly going away. I want all memory of that beach gone, all memory of the cancer gone. All the tears, the anxiety, depression….all gone. I want only memories of James before, before his sickness. The feisty, funny and affectionate James. Before I met James, I was a lonely girl. A girl who would go to bed and cry all night, a girl whose heart was filled with so much despair and sorrow and pain that she hunched from so much weight. A girl who craved passion and affection, a girl who desired just for someone to hold her, to cradle her face and run their fingers through her hair. I met James at a library actually, I was 18 he was 24. I would go to the library every day after school because I had nothing else to do. James would come in every day, go on his laptop and then leave. Every day I would watch him and admire his beauty. I was watching him that day, he was sitting across from me and I would just stare at his glorious face. His face was long and pale. He didn't have a much defined jawline but his high cheekbones made up for that. He had really small eyes, but they were piercing. They were light hazel, a swirl of blue and green. He had a wide, undefined nose and had really small but accentuated lips with a heavily enhanced cupid's bow and a small, square bottom lip. \"You know if you want to date, why didn't you just say so\"? I heard those words. \"Huh\"? I replied. \"You know what I said\" he said to me in a smirk and a sly look. I went back to reading, I was a shy girl then but I had a faint smile upon my face. James got up and he sat next to me. \"I see you watching me every day; it's nice I admit that but then it just gets creepy after a while\" \"Sorry, I didn't think you notice\" \"I notice everything\" I didn't say anything after that and then I felt him watching me, with those piercing eyes of his, His mahogany brown curly, messy hair fell into his eye and that made more mysterious and beautiful. \"So, do you want to go out for a coffee\"? I heard him say in that velvet baritone voice of his. \"What\"? \"I said do you want to go out for a coffee\" \"Why\"? \"Because I see you in here day in, day out watching me and obviously that's mean you must be curious about me\" \"I don't even know you're name, how do I know you're not a serial killer\" \"You don't\" and then his voice went really seductive that brought shivers down my spine. \"But if I were, you would still come with me anyway and the name is James Kimberley Griffith by the way\" \"Kelly Saunders but I don't have any money\" \"I'll pay for you\" \"But why you don't even know me\" \"More the reason to have coffee with you and besides I like you anyway\" \"Ok\" We went to the nearest coffee shop and he was amazing. He talked to me like I knew him forever and he would tell me everything about himself. He didn't care that I was 18, didn't care that I was a lonely girl without any friends. Didn't care at all. I fell in love with him that day; he awakened my soul and lifted my spirits. He brought light to my eyes and a glow to my skin. When we finished he offered to drive me home and so he did. When he stopped outside my house I turned to him. \"Thank you for today James that was really great and I owe you\" and I gave him a small smile. \"No you don't, you're company is what you owe me\" And then he did something that I'd never forget, he'd grabbed my big, stocky hands and put them in his pale, slender, long hands and looked me in my eyes with sincerity and warmth. \"I know you don't have anyone to go to when you're sad or hurt, so whenever you want to just hang out or whenever you're sad, just call me. Call me and I'll be here for you anytime. I really felt in needed to see you today, this urge just told me to go over and talk to you and I'm glad I did. Coz you're really amazing\" He grabbed my hand and wrote his number down and I couldn't stop the trickle of tear down my eye. He looked at my tear and just wiped it away with a brush of his slim, pale finger. \"Oh and tomorrow when you see me at the library, don't watch me like you usually do. Please talk to me\" I nodded and with that I got out of his car and walked back into my house with a massive smile and an uplifted heart. I'm on the ground now with the next picture in my hands waiting to be cut up. As I cut slowly into it, I feel the scissor being wrenched from my hand and flung across the room.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4 The scissors hit the wall and cut in two. \"You can't keep doing this to yourself, Kelly\"! I hear a baritone voice scream at me. James is there in front of me, with a cold stare. He was still wearing the clothes he died in, His body still thin and frail. \"Why are you even here, James? Shouldn't you be dancing with the stars and be surrounded by complete it-ness, like you said\" I said in a serious tone. \"Why are you even here? Why? \"Because I came back ok, I didn't want to go. Not just yet\" I looked at him in disbelief, my body starting to fill with rage. \"Didn't want to go eh? Well if you didn't want to go, why did you purposefully drown yourself and make us watch huh? Do you have any idea what I went through, what Bill and Davy went through? What Miles went through? Miles had to help you kill yourself, James. He had to hold you down and watch while the air got ripped out of your lungs and your soul slowly went. And now, now you decide that maybe you didn't want to leave after all\". \"I'm sorry ok, why do you think I came back in the first place? I saw how my death affected you and Davy and Bill and Miles especially\". Tears started to pour out of James beautiful eyes, caressing his skin. Staining the floor and there were stains on the floorboards. Water drops; perfectly fit the size of a tear. \"I saw you crying at the funeral, I saw you not sleep for days on end. I saw you at the police when they questioned my death, I saw you so broken and wasted away. I saw Davy collapse on the sand, I saw Bill cry out until his voice got hoarse and I saw Miles shake and twitch with shock. I had to come back, I had to. There was no other choice.\" James stopped talking and bowed his head. I could see his shoulders shake and hear his breath quiver up and down. More tears hit the floor, more water on the floorboards. I walked to him, slowly, carefully and placed my hand on the side of his face. I gasped at the touch, his skin was like ice, and you could see the faint outline of blue veins on his temple. His skin felt smooth and marbleised and almost translucent. He looked down at me, his eyes tired and bloodshot. He looked like he'd being crying a lot; my thumb was at the corner of his blue-tinged lips. I felt a tear hit my thumbnail, bobbing on my skin. I lifted my thumb to my face, just to get a closer look at it. Then suddenly it hit me, this tear was real. James wouldn't be crying real tears if he weren't here, in this time, in the presence. James brushed my cheek with a soft, gentle finger and on it was a little tear. I didn't realize I was crying. James held my face, my hand still against his and kissed my eyelids. Brushing away any tears that escaped, I could feel his touch, I could smell him. He smelt like seawater and sand, his breath smelt like morphine and cough medicine. I wound my fingers through his short, silk hair and I wrapped my arms around him. I clung to him how I would cling to Mother Earth, I put my face in his chest and breathed him in, soaking his presence. I was still crying and my tears stained his chambray shirt, I started kneading his hair and stroking his hair. My other arm still tightly wrapped his back, I kissed his neck lightly. I needed his touch on my lips; I kissed the corner of his mouth. I felt his tears on my face. He lifted my head so I could look at him; his face was covered in tear stains. He brought his lips to mine and gave them the softest of kisses, it lasted a second. I kissed him back, his feather touch lips lingering on mine. He pulled away ever so slightly and kissed the corner of my mouth, and he moved his lips an inch and kissed that bit of skin, and again and again. Until he was at my ear, he kissed my earlobe and whispered \"I'll never leave you, I'll be back soon\", his hand was still on my face and his other hand was gently rubbing circles on my back. And with a touch and a kiss he was gone. Tears still stained the floorboards, remnants of tears still lingered on my face. A smattering of tears was still on my pale shirt. A trail of ice lingered on the skin he kissed. His smell still hung in the air. His kiss still held on my lips. I touched my face and wondered if this actually happened but the facts were too obvious. This wasn't a dream. This was real. Chapter 4 The scissors hit the wall and cut in two. \"You can't keep doing this to yourself, Kelly\"! I hear a baritone voice scream at me. James is there in front of me, with a cold stare. He was still wearing the clothes he died in, His body still thin and frail. \"Why are you even here, James? Shouldn't you be dancing with the stars and be surrounded by complete it-ness, like you said\" I said in a serious tone. \"Why are you even here? Why? \"Because I came back ok, I didn't want to go. Not just yet\" I looked at him in disbelief, my body starting to fill with rage. \"Didn't want to go eh? Well if you didn't want to go, why did you purposefully drown yourself and make us watch huh? Do you have any idea what I went through, what Bill and Davy went through? What Miles went through? Miles had to help you kill yourself, James. He had to hold you down and watch while the air got ripped out of your lungs and your soul slowly went. And now, now you decide that maybe you didn't want to leave after all\". \"I'm sorry ok, why do you think I came back in the first place? I saw how my death affected you and Davy and Bill and Miles especially\". Tears started to pour out of James beautiful eyes, caressing his skin. Staining the floor and there were stains on the floorboards. Water drops; perfectly fit the size of a tear. \"I saw you crying at the funeral, I saw you not sleep for days on end. I saw you at the police when they questioned my death, I saw you so broken and wasted away. I saw Davy collapse on the sand, I saw Bill cry out until his voice got hoarse and I saw Miles shake and twitch with shock. I had to come back, I had to. There was no other choice.\" James stopped talking and bowed his head. I could see his shoulders shake and hear his breath quiver up and down. More tears hit the floor, more water on the floorboards. I walked to him, slowly, carefully and placed my hand on the side of his face. I gasped at the touch, his skin was like ice, and you could see the faint outline of blue veins on his temple. His skin felt smooth and marbleised and almost translucent. He looked down at me, his eyes tired and bloodshot. He looked like he'd being crying a lot; my thumb was at the corner of his blue-tinged lips. I felt a tear hit my thumbnail, bobbing on my skin. I lifted my thumb to my face, just to get a closer look at it. Then suddenly it hit me, this tear was real. James wouldn't be crying real tears if he weren't here, in this time, in the presence. James brushed my cheek with a soft, gentle finger and on it was a little tear. I didn't realize I was crying. James held my face, my hand still against his and kissed my eyelids. Brushing away any tears that escaped, I could feel his touch, I could smell him. He smelt like seawater and sand, his breath smelt like morphine and cough medicine. I wound my fingers through his short, silk hair and I wrapped my arms around him. I clung to him how I would cling to Mother Earth, I put my face in his chest and breathed him in, soaking his presence. I was still crying and my tears stained his chambray shirt, I started kneading his hair and stroking his hair. My other arm still tightly wrapped his back, I kissed his neck lightly. I needed his touch on my lips; I kissed the corner of his mouth. I felt his tears on my face. He lifted my head so I could look at him; his face was covered in tear stains. He brought his lips to mine and gave them the softest of kisses, it lasted a second. I kissed him back, his feather touch lips lingering on mine. He pulled away ever so slightly and kissed the corner of my mouth, and he moved his lips an inch and kissed that bit of skin, and again and again. Until he was at my ear, he kissed my earlobe and whispered \"I'll never leave you, I'll be back soon\", his hand was still on my face and his other hand was gently rubbing circles on my back. And with a touch and a kiss he was gone. Tears still stained the floorboards, remnants of tears still lingered on my face. A smattering of tears was still on my pale shirt. A trail of ice lingered on the skin he kissed. His smell still hung in the air. His kiss still held on my lips. I touched my face and wondered if this actually happened but the facts were too obvious. This wasn't a dream. This was real.[Chapter 6] pI blink for a couple of minutes, not moving, just blinking. I cant believe this is happening, I cant believe he was in my apartment. I can still feel his ice-cold touch on my lips, I still feel that damp patch on my shoulder from where his tears were./p p /p p /p pIts cold, too cold. I have to warm up, warm up or freeze. I turn the shower on and hastily take my clothes off, I step and immediately my body untightens. My body is loose and supple. Goosebumps raise on my skin from where the hot water hits my freezing, frozen body. My eyes blur, my brain covered in fog and for once I'm in complete oblivion. I absolutely love it. The water drips down my arms and forms little teardrops from my fingers. So now my fingers look like they're crying. I stay there until the hot water runs out and my mind cant think or see anything but blankness./p p /p pI slowly walk of the shower, my mind fizzed with emptiness and steam. I go and lay on my bed, I look at my clock. \"1:30\"pm, I put my head on the pillow, shut my eyes and drift off to another world, another memory./p p /p p /p pIt was James 29th birthday. We were at his parent's glorious manor house, the sun was shining. Nothing went wrong, this was the day before we went on the trip and the last full day he'd be with his family. Thinking about it, I should have urged him to be with his parents, talk with his sister. He just sat outside the entire day, gazing up at the sun with his suit and brown fedora hat. I remember laughing to myself when he first came out, \"He looks something like an old gangster movie\" I laughed to myself. Even though he was thin and weak, he was still beautiful. Never complained once that entire day, not even with how much he walked or people asking him\" Are you ok\"? \" Do you want to talk about it\"?. He just smiled, politely said \"I'm fine, thanks\". Miles went out to talk to him, I tried to distract myself by helping with the kids but it didn't work. I was the most casual-looking person there. Cardi, jeans, hair in ponytail, minimal makeup. When Miles was gone, I went outside to talk to James. He was sitting in the chair, the sun adding beauty to his face. I just stared at the side of his face for a while, leaning against the doorframe./p p /p p\"You know I can feel you staring at me right\"? James said in a misschievous tone./p pI was surprised, but I really shouldn't be though. He always sought me out./p p\"Its just...I don't know, it looked like you were having a moment and I didn't want to disturb you\"/p pI secretly wanted to tell James that he looked absolutely beautiful and that I just wanted to see his face as much as possible. Of course I couldn't./p p\" You know you can actually talk to me right\"? He looked at me with those piercing light hazel eyes of his./p p\"Yeah\"./p p /p pI walked to him, cradled his face with my hand and kissed his cheek./p p\"You looking good today, handsome\" I cheekily said to him./p p\" Well I tried my best\" James mumbled tiredly./p p\"Why don't you rest, you sound worn out\" I concernedly said./p p\" Because I want to appreciate this day, before the end\"/p p\"Yeah, but you have loads of time left\"/p p\" I just want to soak it in anyway, so I have a good memory of this, of everyone, of everything\"/p pI let that last sentence go, because he tends to get philosophical at times. I should have known he was in the moment, because it would be his last full moment before he died./p p /p pThe music was getting slow now, it was Ed Sheeran's \"Give Me Love\", this was one of my favourite song's. I love the lyrics and the sound. I shut up and I felt the song boost my heart and raise my endorphins./p p /p pI feel a slight touch on my shoulder, I open my eyes to see James with his arms out in my direction. I give him a look as if to say \"Huh\"./p p\" Dance with me, I know how much you love this song\"/p p\"Are you sure\"/p p\"Come on\"/p pI look at him with fear in my eyes, fear of hurting him but he gives a \"Please\" look. I wind my hands into his and he pulls me onto my feet./p pHe wraps my hand around my waist, and we hold hands. My hand is around his back to give him support./p p strongGive a little time to me, we burn the south/strong /p p strongwe'll play hide and seek, to turn this round/strong /p p strongAll I want is the taste your lips allow/strong /p p strongMy, my give me love,/strong /p p strongMy, my give me love/strong /p pWe just swayed and swayed, looking into each other's eyes/p p strongNo, I just wanna hold you/strong /p pAt the lyric I put my head in his chest and wrap my arms even more. He lets me and then wraps his arms around me and buries his head in my shoulder./p pWe swayed, barely moving but that was one of the most intimate and beautiful moments I ever experienced with him./p p /p pI wish we were able to have another moment[Chapter 7] I wake up and feel a presence behind me. Literally behind me, I look over and there's James next to me, asleep. He's probably faking it, I don't know. I'm not sure if spirits can even sleep or not. I turn over and stare at him, he looks so real like he's actually here. If I hadn't known how he died, I'd swear he was still here. Still alive, still breathing, still same old James. It's him but it's not really him. He's lost his warmness, his skin's cold and white. His lips are a faint blue, his veins pop out from his translucent skin. I reach out to touch his face, his face is cold and slightly damp. Like he's slowly drying from the drowning. He open his eyes and looks at me with ferocious intensity, his eyes are a light ocean blue. The colour of the water he drowned in. Images fill my head, the goodbye, the kiss, the drowning, the nothingness. It hits me like a truck, I feel my face change for a second. I see a flicker of pain in James eyes. I think there was pain in mine too, I feel tears well up and betray how I feel. No matter how hard your body hides your feelings, your eyes betray everything. I try to turn away but James reaches out and cradles my face with his hand, keeping me there, holding me there. Forcing me to tell him everything with my eyes. He looks at me with those intense eyes and searches everything inside me like how a blind person searches a face with his hands, he does with his eyes. I can't bear those eyes anymore, they burn into me. Tear up my soul, ruin my heart. I shut my eyes, I think to myself \"He's not going to stay forever, he has to go sometime\". I don't want him to go. I feel a soft touch against my lips, I open my eyes and I see James thumb brush against my lips. It sends shivers down my body, because his touch is so cold and also because this is what he used to do. Every time he saw me, he'd brush my lips with his thumb. I never knew why but he always communicated with touch. He always believed that touch always told more than words. I always believed him and I still believe it. \"Why do you always remember that moment\"? James said softly and with a hint of pain. \"Because its the only memory I cant forget\" I whispered. \"But its the memory that tortures you the most\" James said. \" Then why did you do it\" I ask and I knew this would hurt him but I needed to know. He clambered out of bed and looks at me. \" I was in pain Kelly, I couldn't bear it anymore. I couldn't bear the morphine, I couldn't bear the isolation of the cancer. I didn't want to keep going, I couldn't keep going. I'd go to bed in agony and I'd wake up in agony. All I could feel was the pain in my legs, all I could taste was the morphine. The only thing I could see was no end. I thought death was the only way out. \" I could feel anger rising through my body, I stormed out of the bed. My voice quickly raised. \" But why drowning? look I know it was because you wanted to fight but do you know how traumatic it was to see you drown. To see you thrash in the waves and not be able to save you. Do you know what we went through after the death? The police meetings, the funeral, the court case. We nearly were sent to jail for murder. Do you know how coped after your death. We didn't cope. Davy now lives in a shoddy apartment that he barely leaves. He took all photos of us down, Bill went to heroin to cope, Abby split with him and chose to raise his child alone. They only meet for ultrasound scans. He lost his job because he was shot up all the time, he's not coping. Miles was the worst, we used to walk past water and he would freeze and scream and start hallucinating. He was sent to a mental hospital on account of severe PTSD, he got out recently but he still has bad days. Do you know what I did after Miles carried your dead body on the shore. I held you and clung to you so hard that bruises showed up on your body. I was rocking back and forth holding you until the police showed up and when the police and told me to let go. I clung even more and started screaming and they had to pry me off you. All of us was on the sand clinging to each other and screaming while they put you in a body bag. We didn't even have time to grieve. We were forced to pack everything up and head to the police station where we were forced to answer a million questions. We were forced to describe the situation that we just went through. They thought we murdered you James that or overdose. The police officers were so brutal and uncompassionate. After the questioning we had to ring up your parents and sister and tell them everything. We had to watch Rebecca and your parents break while we were torn apart ourselves. They screamed and shouted at us and said they hated us. We were forced to be called everything under the sun and had to take hits and punches. Your family hate us now, they believed what we did want right. That they should have had more time with you and they're absolutely right. You broke us James, you broke our friendship, you broke our lives. You broke everything. We all hated you for what you did, we all hated what you put us through. You held our friendship together James, I rarely see them anymore. We are dead inside and dead because of you. I loved you and still do. I love you more than anything. I always did, you made me feel things that I never believed I would feel. You made me feel loved, that night in the tent. I don't regret that night at all. I'm sorry that I didn't tell you the first time I met you. I'm sorry I only told you that week at the beach but you took our lives away with yours. And you will never bring them back\". I looked at him with despair. I felt an intense relief course through my veins. James just looked at me with intensity and pain. He took a step and a step until he was a centimetre away from me. Then he just collapsed in front of me.[Chapter 8] pJames grab my waist and holds on with immense force. James crying into my stomach, i dont know what to do. \"I'm sorry, i'm sorry. I didnt mean to. I had nowwhere else to go\". He looks at me with his beautiful aquamarine eyes. He grabs my shirt and pulls me down, facing him. He grabs my face with his long, slender fingers and touches his forehead to mine. \"I'm not going anywhere, ok honey\". My body's torn in two, my heart says\"Yes, stay i love you and i need more of you\" but my head says\" No, you're dead. How can this be\"?./p pHe kisses me, not a soft one but with passion and flame. His kiss brings me back to that night in the tent, his tears stain my lips. He strokes my face, like I'm something he,s always wanted and that finally got. He's still crying, his kiss getting deeper. His tongue tracing my lips, he becomes frantic. His hands trailing every inch of my body. I'm getting frantic too, my hands run through his hair. I know he loves it when I do that. I scrape my fingernails lightly at the base of his neck. He moans, I know what he likes. I know his pressure points. He lifts me up, quite easily I should say. He carries me to the bed. He gently lays me down, he kisses me more. I trace every inch of him, he feels the same, boney and I'll but he's different. He can walk easily, he doesn't limp anymore. He doesn't tire easily anymore, he doesn't rely on the morphine. The light in his eyes is back James is happy now. I feel my pants loosen. '' No'', I say. James just relaxes and lays on me his head on my chest. ''I knew you wouldn't, after all who'd have sex with a dead man''. I run my fingers through his hair. I used to love doing that, his chestnut brown hair was so beautiful and so soft. Everything about him was beautiful but my favourite par of him is his voice. That sexy baritone voice that sounded like velvet. That night in the tent, when he said my name. It was heavenly. ''You never know, if you love someone you will''. We stayed like that for a long time, ''C'mon, let's go get a coffee. I feel like going out''. I get up, brush my fingers through my hair and put on my most daring coat. A forest green shade, that brought out the green in my eyes. I only wore this coat when I was really happy or when I was in a daring mood. And I was in a really happy mood. '' I haven't seen you this happy in ages'' James says in a light voice. ''I haven't felt happy in ages. We head out, I lock the head out into the soul-refreshing sun. ''The suns nice isn't it''. ''Yeah, but I love the rain''. James rolled his eyes, ''I may be dead but I don't have dementia''. He touched his head, ''I remember''. We walked and we just have this mass conversation about life. ''So how's everyone going''? James asked. '' I don't know, i met them for coffee but that was a few weeks ago''. ''How come you don't talk to them anymore''?. '' They need you, how come you haven't stayed together, that's what friends do''. I stand dead in the street and face him. ''They were never my friends, they were yours. Miles, Davy and Bill never like me as much as you. When you died, I got kicked out. I didn't belong when were together, it just brought back too many memories.''. James wax silent for while, with a concentrated look. ''I never thought that would happen, my death was supposed to bring you closer, not apart.'' I was about to keep going but I shut my mouth. I didn't want to wreck this day. ''C'mon we're nearly there''. I started walking, when I stopped and realized. People can't see James, they can only see me. Talking to thin air. People probably think I'm crazy. I finally see the look people give me, ''I can only see you can't I\"?. \"Yeah, unless I show myself\". I roll my eyes, \"Thanks James, people know my face and now they're i'm suffering schizo or PTSD\". \" We're here\". I walk in and don't talk to James, talking to air in a crowded area, not something good to do\". I order a cappuccino and a donut and I head walk to the park. James keeps talking to me but i Ignore it. Finally I find a secluded area under a willow tree. Willow trees have healing, I sit down at the trunk and let the tree soak up all my bad energy. \"That donut looks delicious\", James said. \"Yeah well your not gonna have any\" \"I miss food, I miss cigarettes, I miss the flame of a bonfire. I miss everything\". James said, his face looking up to the sun. \" Yeah well you should have thought of that before you drowned yourself\". I taunt James. \"Yeah\", James said in a quiet, timid voice. I finally finish and I pull out a cigarette. I really rely on these, these days. I love the way they calm me down, make me oblivious. Break my thinking, I light it up and I suck it like it was air. \" You should really quit, you know\"? \" Yeah well it was your fault you got me started\" \" Oh how I would kill for one\" I inhale and drawback in his face. It wouldn't hurt him, he takes a long whiff. \" Oh Kells stop torturing me\" James yells out. I start laughing, I laugh hard. James is laughing. We're both laughing, I haven't laughed this much since the bonfire we had. I stop laughing, I never told anyone this. This was one of my darkest secret. This was one of the main reasons I was tortured afterwards. \"You know I almost drowned once\".[Chapter 9] pJames looked shocked, \"Really\"?./p p\"Yeah\". I say quietly./p p\"How\"?./p p\"Here i go\", i thought./p p\"I was seven at the time, i thought i could do anything. So i decided to swim in the deep-end. Bad mistake, nearly drowned before someone got me. Stopped breathing for a while, but was okay in the end. Didnt stop me from swimming though, only made me wanted to swim more\"./p p\"Why\"?/p p\"Coz i didnt want the water to get the better of me. I dont want my fears to control \"That's a good way to live\" James chuckled \"Im a very stubborn person\", I laughed. Then I realized \"I have to let you go soon, you don't belong here\". I think James realized it too because he just smiled sadly at me. I get up \"C'mon let's go\" I grab his hand and pull him up and we head back to the apartment. It's the afternoon, I get a text from Bill. I squeal, \"ohmygod, Abbey's had a baby girl.\" James beamed, \"that's great\" \"C'mon we have to go to the hospital, let's go\". Kelly grabbed her coat and headed out the door. \"Look James while we're here, do you think you'll show yourself to your friends\"?/p[Chapter 10] We were at the hospital, in the room with Clara, Bill and their newborn daughter./p p /p pBill was holding his daughter, he was laughing and crying at the same time. \" Amelia Rose, 5 pounds'2 ounces\". He smiled at the baby, Amelia was asleep with a happy look on his face. \"Its true, we do carry on in our children. Look she looks exactly like me\", Bill held her up proud and wide for everyone to see. Clara was asleep, with a beautiful smile on her face. Davy and Miles were just smiling and totally in awe with Amelia. \"Thinking about having children Miles\"?, Davy smirked./p p /p p\"Naa mate, though Rebecca keeps going on about it\" Miles quickly assured./p p /p p\"So im guessing you don't want to hold her then\", Bill said with a smirk on his face./p p /p p\"No, no ill hold her\", Miles said straightaway./p p /p pBill very gently put Amelia in Miles arms. Immediately Miles face lit up and an absolute awe filled up his face./p p /p p\"And you say you don't wanna have children\", Davy lightly accused./p p /p p\"Shut up mate\", Miles smirked \"Though maybe having children might not be such a bad idea\", he lightly added./p p /p pLittle did they know that James was in standing next to me, a warm but sad smile upon his face./p p /p p\"She's beautiful\", James whispered./p p /p p\"Aye she is\", I answered./p p /p p\"What did you say\"?, Bill asked./p p /p pI took a deep breath./p p /p p\"James said that she's beautiful\", I said carefully./p p /p pAll of them looked at me, \"What\", they all said in unison./p p /p p\"James is here, he's standing next to me\", I told them./p p /p pMiles looked at me with utter disbelief, while Bill and Davy looked at me with amazement. \"Really\"?, they shouted. Amelia moved, \"Shussh, you'll wake her up\", Miles said in a angry but hushed tone./p p\"Cant you feel him\"?, I asked./p pAll of them paused. \"I do feel him\", Davy said first. \"Aye me too\", Bill agreed./p p\"I don't feel anything at all\", Miles quickly said./p p /p p\"Because you don't choose too\", I told Miles./p p /p pJames was crying now, \"How come you can see him and we can't\"?. Bill asked./p p /p p\"Because I was the one he was closest too before he died, and I also believe too\"/p p /p p\"Whats he saying\", Davy asked with shock./p p /p pJames was distraught, \"Tell them, tell them I was wrong. Tell them that there is existence in life. Tell them I'm sorry for the hell I put them through. I thought there was nothing left for me, I thought that dying was the only option but now I look and it wasn't and I regret it so bad\"/p p /p pI couldn't keep it in any longer, I started to cry. I looked at the three of them, my voice shook. \"He said that he now regrets the drowning and he's sorry that he put you through so much after that happened. \"At the time, he thought there was nothing left for him but he sees now that it wasn't and he really regrets it\"./p p /p pMiles, Davy and Bill all had tears in their eyes./p p /p pJames kept going, \"Miles, I see how well you look after my sister and I'm so happy for both of you and you're going to be a great dad, Also write about us\"./p p /p pI looked at Miles, \"He said that he knows how much you look after Rebecca and that he's happy for the both of you and that you're going to be a great dad, and too write about us\". Miles, cold, heartless Miles was crying./p pJames had a hand on his shoulder, \"Its going to be fine mate\"./p p /p p\"He's touching your shoulder right now\", I tell him./p p /p pMiles looks at his shoulder and touches it, \"I can feel you James, Thank you and I miss you so much\". Miles quivered./p p /p pJames looked sadly at Miles, tears brimming in his aquamarine eyes. \"Miss you too\", James mumbled./p p /p pJames looked at Davy, \"Tell Davy he needs to keep helping people and that he needs to find his roots. His heart is so big and beautiful and I'm so thankful you were there for me that week, and that I miss him. James wrapped an arm around his back./p p /p pI look at Davy, \"James says that you need to keep helping people and find you're roots. He says that your heart is so big and beautiful and that he's really thankful that you were there for him that week and that he misses you\"./p pDavy's eyes were closed and tears were streaming down his face. \"I can feel you James and i miss you too\", Davy murmured./p p /p pJames walked to Bill and put a hand in his hair. \"Tell Bill that he's going to be an amazing father and that i regret now that i wont live on through my kids. So treasure her because she's absolutely beautiful and that i miss him too\"/p p /p pI look at Bill, \"James says that you're going to be an amazing father and that he regrets that he wont live on through his kids, so treasure your daughter because she's absolutely beautiful, and he also misses you\"./p pBill is smiling with a twinkle in his eye, \"I feel you James and that i miss you too\"/p p /p pJames walked over to the sleeping beauty in Miles's arms, he bent down and kissed her forehead. Amelia smiled.\"Shes special\", James soothed. I then remembered something. \"You know what day it is today, don't you\", I asked./p pThey all looked at one another and then realized, \"Its James birthday today, 30 years old today\"/p p /p pJames smiled, \"I have one final message for you, as its the anniversary of my birth. I now hold a morphine toast to you all\", James holds an imaginary glass\" and remember that you were loved by me and that you made my life a happy one and there's no tragedy in that\", James smiled, whispered \"Thank you\" in my ear and left./p p /p pI smiled, i cried, i laughed. \"James has one final message for you, he says that as it is the anniversary of his birth, he holds a morphine toast to you all and remember that you were loved by him and that you made his life a happy one and there's no tragedy in that\"/p p /p pWe all looked at each other with shock, then we burst out laughing and we did that for a few seconds and soon after our faces twitched and we started crying. We talked about James, we talked about Amelia and we talked about the happy times in life./p p /p pAnd i felt James there too, laughing and smiling and in that one moment life wasn't a tragedy. It was perfection./p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p[Chapter 11] pIt was getting late, I kissed everyone goodbye and headed back home./p p /p pI held Amelia in my arms, she was beautiful. I touched her little fingers and toes, i smelt her face. I really feel sorry for James, his line of generation had ended. Apart from his sister, know one will remember him. Noone will carry on his legacy, noone will know his name./p pJames wasnt at my apartment, i couldn't feel his presence. That was ok though, i needed time alone. I sat at the table and had a cigarette, i thought about what my children looked like and, if i had them with James what a good parent he would've been. Flashes of the tent scene filled my mind. I let my mind slowly wander back to that amazing night. It was a cold night and Davy, Miles and Bill had decided to sleep under the stars. It was already planned out what would happen, it was my gift to James before he died. \"Where's everyone gone\", James asked looking around. I was so nervous, I've never done anything like this before. The boys wanted James to have every experience before he died so they asked me, even though I was little taken aback and felt strangely cheap, I was happy to give him what he wanted. \"The boys have decided to sleep out tonight\", I asked nervously. \"Its just going to be you and me\". \"Oh\", James looked down, even though he wasn't told I guess he kind of knew. \"I guess we should go back to the tent then\", Kelly kinda mumbled. \"Yeah\", James mumbled. I help James up and we stagger back to the tent, I gently help James down onto the sleeping bag. I sit next to him and take of shirt, leaving me in jeans and singlet. I scootch closer to James, clasp his face with my hand and kissed him deeply. James puts his hands on my back and kisses me back, I pull his jacket off and take his shoes and socks off. I keep kissing him, not sure what to do. Even though I was in my early 20s back then, I had no experience whatsoever. I completely went off instinct, I pulled James shirt off and kiss his neck. James abruptly pushes me away slightly, his arms are still on and he look at me with concern, \"No, Kelly im sorry\" and he starts getting up. Kelly hold James down, \" Why, Have I done something wrong\"/p p /p p /p p /p p\"No Kelly its just, Are you sure you want to do this\", James worriedly asked./p p /p p\"I do, I really want you\", I look down. \"Ive always wanted to experience this with you\". I mumble shyly./p p /p pJames tilted my head up and kissed me gently on the lips. I pull away slightly, \"Um I warn you im not really experienced in this\", I mutter./p p /p p\"Its ok, Im a little bit rusty as well. Im not going to be as good as I usually am\", James smirked./p p /p pI laugh and kiss him. I run my fingers through his hair, I kiss his collarbones. I run my fingers across his stomach, for someone who had cancer. He had a defined, lean stomach. His body was taut and lean with the tiniest of bones peeping through. His body was glorious and beautiful./p p /p pI pull James and my pants off, I huddle into the sleeping bag with him. He kept touching my lips,stroking my face, my collarbones, my body. It was like he was trying to take on as much as he can of a woman's body./p p /p pI cover him with the sleeping bag, I gently touch him. Not wanting to hurt him, \"I don't want to hurt you\", I whisper. James looks at me with deep love, \"Don't worry love you wont\". I keep kissing him and caressing his skin and the world swam around me in a bliss of love and ecstasy./p p /p pI wake up next to him, he's asleep in my arms. I look at his smiling face. Last night was beautiful, James treated me like I was gold. I tried to be so gentle and thankfully I didn't hurt him. He was passionate and controlled, he let me have my way. He was amazing, he knew exactly what to do. I now knew the concept of making love, you actually make love. It hurtles itself around you, it embeds in your skin. Controls your mind, sees through your eyes./p p /p pI close my eyes and rest my chin against James head, I wake up to a touch on my neck and waist. James is covering my neck with soft kisses, I look down at him. \"Hi\", he smiles ad kisses me deeply. I cradle his face, \"You were bloody amazing last night\", James exasperated. \"Well I tried my best\", I shrugged. Just then James face was wracked with pain and he cries out, I quickly get up, \"Hold on\". I get the morphine kit and hold the bottle to James lips, he drinks and then his face is slack again. \"Thank you\", he whimpered. I stroke his face and calm him more./p p /p pMy memory ends, I'm back at my dodgy apartment, only this time James was sitting across from me. \"Having good memories\", James smiled. \"Yeah the tent scene\"./p p /p pJames smiled, \"That was probably the best memory I currently have\"./p p\"Yeah me too\", I smiled./p p /p pJames leant over and kissed me, his lips just touching mine./p p /p pI kissed him back holding the moment./p p /p p /p[Chapter 12] pJames is n the bed next to me, staring at my face and massaging my hand with his thumb. I smile at him, my feet intertwined with his. He looks different, he doesn't look as ...dead. His lips werent blue anymore, his eyes weren't so faded. His skin wasn't as cold, he didn't look and feel frail and worn anymore. James looked alive my face fell. \"I have to let you go\", I thought. \"You don't belong here\". I get up and put my robe on, I walk into the kitchen and pick up a cigarette and walk out. I lock the door behind me and walk in my robe to the cementary./p p /p p /p pI pick a rose on he way there, I stop in front of James,s grave. I put the rose down on his grave, I see James sit next to me and look at me./p p\"Why are you doing this\", James said, his voice hurt./p p\"I have to let you go James\", I tremble/p p\"But why, why Kelly\" James voice was breaking now./p p\"Because you don't belong here anymore\", I didn't look at him. \"I can still be here\", James said softly \"No you can't, you made that decision long ago to leave\" A tear slid down my cheek. \"But I don't want to go\" James cried. \"I'm sorry but you have too\" I whimpered. \"NO PLEASE DON'T\" James cried I looked at his grave, it was black with just his name on it and his dob and dod. \"I love you James, I always will\" Tears were staining the gravel \"But I have to let you go. I have to move on, otherwise I'm going to spend the rest of my life not moving, always think of you and I can't do that to myself\". I put the rose at the tip of his stone. I get up, \"I'll miss you, I'll never forget your laugh, your smile, everything. I love. Bye\" I hear him crying and begging, I will him out of my mind the only way I know. I think of the day he died. We're at the beach. I watch Bill lean on James back. James looked so sick, so frail that day. He slowly gets up and says good bye to each of us, he hugs Davy. He speaks to Bill, he comes to me. I start to cry, James tilts my chin up so I look at him. \"Thank you so much for what you gave me, never let go of what we've had\". I kiss him, I kiss him passionately. I need to remember this My chin trembles, his lips taste like salt. He pulls away and smiles at me \"Do you want me to come in with you\"? I whimper. James shakes his head \"I want to remember me how I was last night\". I nod James smiles at me and he enters the water, we go in as well but only a few centimetres. Davy almost drowns, so me and Bill save him and cling onto him back at the shore. Miles stays with him and we see James laughing and smiling. He waves goodbye at us, I cry and cling onto Davy. We see James go underneath the water, we see him splash and writhe. He goes down. And he doesn't come up. I walk away, James is not here anymore. I can't feel his presence. I wipe my eyes and head home. I smoke along the way, I head to bedroom and grab all the photos of James and us and put them in a box. I shove the box all the way behind the cupboard. I make a cup of coffee and sit at the table and think about what to do from then on. Life gets better from now on/p[Chapter 13] p5 years later/p p /p pI look at James grave, I kneel at his stone. Its been a long time since I've been here and a lot has changed./p pMy boys are here with me, my twins. They look exactly like James with their scruffy hair and their aquamarine eyes./p p /p p\"Boys say hi to your Dad\" I tell them./p p /p p\"Hey Dad\", they say in unison. /p p /p p\"Hey James,I know its been a while but I thought considering its your birthday. We'll say hi\" I point to my son on the left./p p /p p\"This is Griffith James Saunders\", I pull the other one to me \"And this is Kimberley James Saunders\"./p p /p pI laugh \"These boys will be almost 5, considering I had them so soon after you gone, I like to think they're yours\" I have my arms around both my sons./p p /p p\"\"These boys are your final gift to me, now you will live on in these boys, they look exactly like you. Ill tell them about you, you won't be forgotten.\" I get up and hug my boys closer to me. \"Happy birthday James. I love you and I miss you\". I throw a rose on his grave. My boys throw one too. \"Happy birthday Dad\" they both say./p p /p p\"Bye\"I hold my boys hand and we walk away. I don't see Miles or Davy or Bill anymore. Last thing I heard of them was that Miles is a father now to 3 kids, Bill is travelling the world with his family and filming cancer in Third World countries and Davy is now a scientist, finding a cure for cancer, specifically rhabodomysarcoma. /p p /p pI don't see or hear James anymore either/p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p p /p pBut i like to think he's dancing in the stars and watching us. After all, he is our third star/p ","Summary":" pChapter 1/p pGlimpses of the drowning haunt my sleep. The kiss, the goodbye, and the body all tort"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Little Miss Raindrop","Author":"Applebar22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5947931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Oh Maria, Maria! Hand Amethyst her hairbrush!\" It started in the third little miss sunshine competition my sister had entered into, she had won each time and she was going for a third win. That's why my mother was asking me to hand her the hairbrush, I was always getting pushed into the dressing room to help her get ready. I hated this, I hated this place, the girls here are always the same plastic looking bitches! Doing the same act, year in year out! As the clock struck ten past three me, my father and my mother excused our selves from the changing room, to go take our seats at the front. As I leaned back in my chair, I looked around waiting for it to begin and end as soon as possible. I think I fell asleep for most of the show, I was only woken up when my mother jabbed me in the ribs to tell me that Amethyst was just about to do her performance. My sister flounced and smiled, fluttering her eyelids and skipping around the stage singing puff the magic dragon in a small pink bikini. It made my blood run cold, as my sister's act ended and everyone clapped and showed off their pearly white teeth, I wished for the ground to open up and swallow me whole, after a couple minutes a new girl came on, I'd never see her before, long long brown hair, sparkling eyes, with a fantastic top hat and suite on. My brain immediately switched back on as she made a speech about her grandfather and then she began to dance. It was hilarious, as Olive did her dirty dance I couldn't help smiling, yes it was funny, but it was obvious that this girl loved being here and not just about winning the gold like all the plastic's did! But just as I was really getting into it some of the barbies began to boo, I just couldn't deal with that, so I stood up and began to clap. Looking back it was one of the best things I ever did, not just because my mother hated me doing it, but because I got to stand up to what I had hated my whole life. Everyone was staring at me, until a man in a white shirt and bandages around his wrists stood up, looked over at me and began clapping, soon after this the whole family followed on, they all had given me a small smile before turning to Olive. It was only then that I noticed the main judge had disappeared and the host was chasing the little girl around the stage. I felt my father tug at my shirt sleeve, he tugged harder and harder, until he eventually pulled me back onto my seat with a crash, but even that didn't take my attention away from the dance, it appeared that the girl's father had started to dirty dance next to her and soon the man in white and a tall dark haired teenager jumped on after. It was such a sight to see them all dancing around her, it was like looking into an alternate universe. I wasn't use to seeing family's act like this, my mother and father sit at opposite ends of the table, they could have been living on different planets, they never spoke! But all of Olive's family where up there dancing, when the music stopped to my dismay they were carted off by a policeman and I thought I would never see them again. \"I can't believe you, Maria! How dare you cheer on those freaks!\" \"There not freaks mum, their people, not mindless robots like all those other stick bitches back there!\" \"language!\" my mother shrieked, I crossed my arms and raised my eye brows at her. \"english and I speak a little spanish\" Before my Mother could have a go at me, my sister distracted her by saying, \"Mother isn't that the freaks?\" As we all turned to stare at the sunflower yellow van and the people getting inside, I knew this is was my chance, so I ran, I ran over to them, no matter how many times my mother screamed my name. \"Hi sorry to interrupt, but you were fantastic!\" They all turned to look at me while I regained my breathe, Olive's face lit up as she replied \"thanks.\" \"Hey you were the first one to start clapping Olive on, that was really nice of you.\" I turned my head to look at the man in white, I was later informed that his name was Frank. \"Yeah that was me, I was happy to see some actual talent up on the stage, my names Maria by the way, Maria Anderson.\" \"Hi Maria, this is my mom and dad, this is uncle Frank and this is my brother Dwayne.\" Olive said, grinning from ear to ear. \"You were all fantastic!\" They were all smiling now and Olive's mum hugged her daughter tight. \"Maria Anderson come her now!\" \"I'll be over soon mother!\" \"So that's your mom over there and oh, is that your sister?\" Olive asked \"yeah that's them, I better go before they drag me back there, here, I'd love to meet you again Olive, all of you. Look here's my number, call me please, bye!\" With that I ran away from the best people I would ever meet for the rest of my life, hoping it wouldn't be the last. I never forgot about the Hoovers, they were all I thought about for a month, I never had anything else to think about. I liked everything about them, they were real, not covered in lies and plastic surgery. Of course I got told off when I got home, but what could they take away from me, I didn't go to school, I had no friends to see. It was a depressing child hood, now I look back, me and my sister were brought up to be respectable ladies of the world, best at everything, beautiful and clever, sometimes I thought the only reason my mum and dad got together was because they were both good looking and loaded with cash. Only I turned out wrong, I was clever and I got told I was good looking, but I couldn't think of anything worse then being a Miss America or a supermodel. My brother Andy was marrying a duchess and would soon have a title, little Amethyst was the owner of three Little Miss Sunshine trophies and a scholarship for a modelling agency. What did I have, good grades and cuts on my both my wrists. Maybe that was why I was so thrilled when I got a call from Olive's mum asking me if I wanted to come and visit or not, when I told them where I lived, she sounded shocked and told me not to bother, it would cost to much. It was then that I explained that after my Nan had died, leaving me half of her fortune and hardly a penny to my parents, she calmed down and we agreed that I would come down this weekend, it was a holiday and so Olive would be off school. Those three days went slower then three years, my mother was happy to get me out of the house, though she didn't dare to admit it, Amethyst laughed at me and said she'd always known I was a freak \"Better to be a freak then a Barbie doll.\" I said sourly and with that I picked up my bags and got in the car to the airport. As we drove up to the front of the house, I let out a sigh of relief, it was so, so, so NORMAL! The driver helped me with my bags to the front door, I thanked him and as he drove away I picked up the knocker and let it fall on the orange door, from inside I could hear them talking \"Olive can you go get that, it will probably be Maria, you go help her Dwayne, she'll have bags.\" Just like that Olive opened the door, in little pink shorts, red cow boy boots and a smile stretching across her sweet young happy face \"Hi Maria!\" \"Hi Olive!\" as I lugged in my bags, Dwayne walked over, picked up the heaviest one and carried it like it was thin air. \"Thanks Dwayne.\" He just turned around and smiled.[Chapter 2] \"It's so nice to see you again Maria!\" Sheryl said as she walked over to me with her arms out stretched. \"It's nice to see you all again, thank you so much for inviting me, you don't know how much this means to me!\" \"Well it was Olive who just couldn't stop talking about you, although most of us couldn't, its' hard to imagine that we met you at the Little Miss Sunshine pageant.\" Sheryl said as she walked me into the kitchen, Dwayne still holding my bag asked where I wanted it. \"Oh, well I don't know, where will I be sleeping?\" \"You'll be sleeping in our spare room.\" Suddenly Olive's smile disappeared as if she was deep in thought, before her smile sprouted up again \"come on, I'll show you to your room.\" So we set off, Olive in front, me in the middle carrying one bag and Dwayne behind carrying the other. \"This is where you'll be sleeping, I'm going to go see how dinner is.\" And with that Olive left the room, skipping and humming a made up tune, so it was just me and Dwayne in the room, I placed my bag down on the floor and turned around to face him. He was looking around, almost in a daze, before his eyes finally fell on mine, he smiled, set down my bags and said very quietly \"It's nice to see you again.\" I watched him leave, before lying down on the bed and giving out a sigh of relief. \"Wake up, wake up\" As my eyes opened slowly, to a grinning Olive in front of me I let out a huge yawn \"you fell asleep, it's time for dinner.\" \"Ok\" I got up slowly and followed her to the kitchen \"ah Maria, we were getting worried when you didn't show.\" Sheryl said as she showed me to a chair next to Olive. \"I'm so sorry, I think I was tired from the flight.\" \"That's alright, please sit down.\" She gestured to a seat and I gladly took it, Olive smiled at me, before taking a huge bite into a chicken wing \"Sorry, they're not proper, there from the bucket, but please have some salad.\" \"But they're delicious!\" \"Would you like to have some salad, Maria?\" Dwayne asked, smiling, \"yes, please Dwayne.\" He handed me the salad and for a brief moment our hands touched, I looked down, trying to hide the blush appearing on my cheeks, but when I looked up Dwayne was starring down at his plate, the tips of his ears where crimson. I served myself and then passed it round to Frank, \"So Maria, tell us about yourself, we know very little, where do you go to school?\" Richard asked \"I don't go to school, my parents made me leave before I went into elementary, I've been home schooled ever since.\" \"Oh, well that must be nice, having to just stay home, how relaxing.\" \"It would be, but we have a rota, we have to wake up at 5:00 am to go to our lessons, we have a special classroom in the house just for it, it's kind of lonely.\" Richard's face dropped, he obviously didn't expect to here the truth about my childhood, but he got it. \"Well how sad, still you must have a magnificent house, your parents must be very well off.\" \"They are, I don't see the point in a huge house, sorry I sound really spoilt.\" My cheeks flushed red, as I squeezed my hands, my nails cutting into my skin. \"Not at all, but please do explain why?\" Frank asked, he gave a small smile, showing he wasn't lying. \"Because all those rooms are never used, in my house I could fit a whole school in there, but there's only my small family and a couple servants, it's just lonely. If it wasn't for the cleaners, the rooms would be covered in dust from never being used.\" It was depressing realising what I lived in, so I looked around, at the photos of the family on the wall, the messy sofa and the table covered in toys and magazines, the house was lived in, homely. \"That's why your house is so beautiful, because it's warm and homely. You live in paradise.\" Sheryl and Richard smiled and held each other's hands, Frank grinned, Olive beamed! Dwayne just looked at me, a smile creeping into the left corner of his mouth, but as soon as he saw I was looking, it disappeared from sight and he just finished his food and left. As the rest of us finished off our food, Sheryl stood up and began collecting the plates \"Can I help Sheryl, I feel I must help after the kind way you've all treated me.\" Sheryl smiled and handed me half the plates \"Maria, I'm going to go watch some telly, come see me there when you're done.\" Olive said \"Ok\" we began washing the plates, I was wearing a long sleeved purple shirt and the water was filled with soap, so without thinking I pulled up my sleeves and started the washing up. \"Maria, what happened to you?\" I turned my head to face Sheryl sharply \"What do you mean?\" \"Your wrists, what happened to them?\" I just sighed, rubbed the bandages on my wrists and looked up at Sheryl, a small tear running down my cheek cooled my face. \"I just couldn't help it, life was just too hard.\" With that I put down the plate I was holding and held my head in my hands, letting the tears run down my face. Sheryl stopped what she was doing and comforted me as I told her about everything, she never spoke only nodded and stroked my hair, as I finished she looked at me and smiled \"I'm glad I met you Maria, it's not every day we come across a girl like you, it was fate that we met you that day, you're here with us now, try not to worry, but if you want to come talk to me, do, ok?\" I nodded and looked up at Sheryl, with a small smile \"Thank you.\" And with that we finished of the dishes in silence. I could here the TV on from the hallway, as I walked into the living room, Olive turned and smiled, patting the seat next to her and I gladly took it. She turned her attention back to the TV, giving me a chance to look around, from the grey TV, to the wall absolutely covered in framed photos, to the door, in which stood a very calm looking Dwayne. I was a little shocked to see him there, he must walk very quietly, he looked at me and smiled, he was still silent as he walked to the nearest armchair and fell into the soft fabric. We sat there in silence, with the TV blaring in the background, all I could focus on was Dwayne, out of the corner of my eye, I looked at his long black hair, his soft brown eyes, white t-shirt, black jeans and scruffy shoes. He was unlike anyone I had ever met and I was fascinated by him, it had only been about ten minutes in when Olive excused her self to go to the toilet, leaving me and Dwayne alone again. It was a struggle to even think of anything to say to him, the stillness was deathly, until Dwayne broke it with a laugh. We were watching a documentary on dancing, so I couldn't see what was funny, \"What's so funny?\" \"You.\" He grinned, \"What's so funny about me?\" I was very taken aback by how he was suddenly acting. \"Just you, it's funny to think you live in a posh house, with a little miss sunshine winner in your house, I couldn't deal with that, it would be my hell, you just look so anti that.\" I smiled, maybe we weren't so different, \"It is hell, I can't stand it in there, some times it's a fight not to just punch them in the face and run away. My mother was always trying to make me more like my little sister, I couldn't think of anything worse!\" Dwayne laughed and then looked at me, like he was seeing me from a different angle and for some reason, I was doing the same. \"Why are you two just staring at each other?\" I snapped back into reality and just stared at Olive in the doorway, how long had we been like that? I looked back at Dwayne, but he was starring down at his feet, his face hidden by a curtain of black hair. So the mysterious moment was gone, bringing Dwayne and back to minute looks and small un-noticeable smiles. Olive just gave me a weird smile and turned her attention back to the telly, the tension was a killer, I had to brake it again \"You know what a trip to the bathroom sounds quite good, excuse me.\" Olive nodded and Dwayne stayed as still as statue. In the bathroom I stared at my face, was I pretty? I'd never thought of this subject, I guess I was, my hair was a vibrant ginger that framed my round face, my eyes had always been blue, grey and green and my nose was slightly turned up. I wasn't fat, but I certainly wasn't skinny. Dwayne would never fancy me, why was I thinking of Dwayne. I had to splash my face with cold water to get the thought out of my mind, but I knew as soon as I went back into that room again I would think the same thing again and again, until Dwayne was no longer in my sight. This weekend was going to be a long one and it wasn't even half over. With that I un locked the bathroom door and walked along the hall way to the living room, through a crack I saw Olive trying to copy the dance moves off the TV from her seat. Dwayne was looking at his feet, running his hands through his hair and then he just smiled, it was one of those cheesy, all teeth smiles, the ones I couldn't stand, but Dwayne's teeth were just slightly crooked, his smile not too wide, just enough to make it absolutely irresistible, I watched them for about a minute \"I know what your thinking about.\" Olive said as she carried on dancing, Dwayne looked up confused and scared \"I don't know what you mean.\" \"It's nice to have Maria here isn't it, she's a very pretty girl and so funny.\" Olive smiled, raiseing her eyebrows and then turned back to the TV. Dwayne's smile stopped, he gulped, leaned back into his chair, his head back and his eyes closed, he let out a huge sigh before falling asleep. The TV was turned off, Olive walked out finding me up against the wall, hand on heart \"Hi Maria, Dwayne's asleep in there, best not to wake him, come I'll show you my room.\" She twisted around and began to walk off, giving me a brief moment to look back at Dwayne, he was fast asleep, his face happy and peaceful, my heart quickened under my shirt, before I ran off to Olive's room.[Chapter 3] I spent hours in Olive's room looking at pictures of her family, listening to her favourite tracks and at one point she was even teaching me the dance moves from her performance at little miss sunshine pageant. We were bursting out laughing as we watched each other dance, in the end we were just free styling crazily, the music was playing so loudly that we didn't hear Frank enter the room telling Olive that Sheryl wanted her to get ready for bed Olive moaned \"But were having so much fun!\" Frank just laughed \"I bet you are, but you need to get to bed like your mother said and I'm sure you can have fun tomorrow.\" Olive still didn't look happy, so I decided to throw her a bone \"Hey, how about you wake me up tomorrow Olive, as soon as you wake up, wake me up, so then we'll be able to have lots more fun.\" She smiled and began tidying up her room \"Good night Olive\" I said as I walked out into the corridor, Frank turned around to face me and smiled \"Your so nice with Olive for a girl of your age.\" \"I don't really know how a girl of my age is suppose to act in the real world, so I just act how I think I should and that means having a good old dance with Olive.\" He just smiled at me before heading of to his and Dwayne's room. My room was at the end of the hall, for some reason I started running my finger along the wall, taking in where I was, the people I was with, I went all around the room and into the bathroom. I stopped there, to brush my teeth and get washed, as I listened to the vibration of the water tank, I was just so relaxed, this is when I jumped up onto the side of the sink and laid back onto the mirror, swinging my legs back and forth 'CRACK!' my foot crashed into something hard under the sink, jumping down I looked at the damage I had created, I had fractured the wood underneath showing a little dark cavern, I reached in felt around, glass and glossy paper, I put my other hand in and pulled out the items in my hands. Porn magazines and a small glass bottle filled with, coke! My hands shook, why did the Hoover family have such vile objects in their spare bedroom, maybe they weren't as good as I though, who did they belong to? Maybe Richard, no he's a father! Frank was so nice and he was gay, he wouldn't look at porn magazines with girls in, there was only one person, my face dropped as his name came into my head. Why, why did he have to be like that, I thought he was special, different, not like anyone else I had ever met, but he was just another sick bastard! Placing the ghastly items back into the cavern, I slowly turned and walked to my bed, my mind was a blank and my eyes blurred. The rest of the night I either spent sleeping or lying wide awake starring at the ceiling wondering what I had done to deserve this, I loved this family, more then my own probably, Olive was my little sister, Sheryl that aunt who your just so close too, Frank of course my uncle, the one who's just always happy, Richard that friend of the family who's just so dedicated to everything and Dwayne, Dwayne was always the best one, he wasn't my brother he wasn't my family, he was the one I wanted to be around the most. I don't think I love him, I've only known him a couple days, but it feels like I've known him for years, even though we've only exchanged a few simple words and smiles. I drifted of to sleep as I thought of Dwayne. I dreamed a horrible dream that night, I had woken up to the sound of laughter and the telly being on really loudly, I had got up and walked through the hall to the living room, I peered through the crack between the door and the wall. I had to restrain myself from bursting out in tears. It was Dwayne he was sitting down and in front of a table with a porn magazine in front of him, it wasn't open, but his eyes were scanning it as if he was starring at the pictures inside, just then Emma walked in, dressed in her gold and black sparkly bikini she had worn two years ago. She was carrying a small bottle full of crystal white powder. She smiled her perfect smile before handing it to Dwayne, who took it obediently. He laid it out in front of him on top of the magazine and began cutting it, Emma held out a small cylinder and he pressed it to his nose, inhaling the horrible dust, he breathed it all in. Emma clapped and told him to carry on, he obeyed, when the whole bottle had been emptied Emma sat on his lap and began telling him about herself, she kissed him on the cheek and then stared straight at where I was standing on the other side of the wall, she didn't speak, but I could tell what she was thinking \"I've won again\" I screamed. Sitting up suddenly I looked around the room, my face burned and I could tell sweat was dripping from my forehead, I quickly got out of bed, got dressed and tiptoed out of my room. As I opened the front door as quietly as possible, a shot of fresh midnight air hit my face, it stung beautifully and cooled my whole body, as the seconds turned into minutes I began to wish that I'd brought a coat, but the stars had bewitched me, so instead I lay down on the grass and stared up at the sky, closing my eyes I imagined a perfect world, I was just thinking up my amazing home when I heard a voice behind my head \"You'll catch a cold out here, I brought you a blanket.\" I sat up and looked around at Dwayne in a baggy jumper and PJ trousers \"What do you want?\" I said rudely, Dwayne looked at me, with such shock on his face that I almost felt bad for him \"What do you mean Maria?\" \"Come on Dwayne, I'm not stupid, why do you have porn magazines and coke in the spare bedroom?\" Dwayne just looked at me, his expression changed slowly, smiling at me he sat down, he held out the blanket to me. I pushed it away he just shrugged at me \"Maria, that wasn't mine, it was Olive's grandfather, he had stayed in the very room you sleep in, he died during the time we were taking Olive to the pageant. I was sure we had cleaned out all of his stuff away, but I guess we didn't look closely enough, sorry. We didn't want to tell you in case you got scared to stay in that room. I'm so sorry.\" He might have been lying, but I so wanted to believe he was good again that I did \"Sorry Dwayne, I shouldn't have blamed you so quickly\" as I said this I wrapped the warm blanket around my shoulders, snuggling into the maroon cotton, Dwayne smiled his perfect smile as he gently nudged his shoulder into mine \"Apology excepted, so how long do you think you'll be out here for?\" \"It's just so peaceful out here, I could be here all night\" Out of the corner of my eye I watched Dwayne look up at the sky and then back at me, he looked so happy. I had to look at him properly, but as soon as I looked at him he immediately bent his neck back quickly to look up at the stars, I heard his neck crick and he closed his eyes in pain. \"Are you ok?\" \"How could looking up at stars be so painful?\" He said through gritted teeth, against all my boundaries I just had to go that extra step. \"Here, let me help.\" I went to sit behind Dwayne, my heart quickened what was I doing? Dwayne flinched a little when my hands touched the back of his neck, but then he relaxed \"I use to give my maid Rosalina a neck massage when ever my mother and sister had been particularly trying and mean to her, guess you could say I became a bit of a expert, it's one of my only talents.\" \"You are, but I bet that's not true about this being your only talent, a pretty girl like you must have lots of talents.\" As soon as he had said that, we both flinched, Dwayne thought I was pretty, this moment was too perfect. \"Sorry did I say something to make you un-comfortable?\" \"No that was lovely for you to say that.\" I slid back next to Dwayne, he was blushing incredibly, his hand was made into a tight little fist, I reached out and un-clasped his hands gently, he relaxed as our hands touched, it was like a dream come true. He looked down at our hands and then back up, he looked into my eyes and just burst out laughing \"Do you remember when this happened earlier on today, how long do you think we were looking at each other?\" I giggled as I thought back \"I don't know, I wasn't really counting.\" \"Hey Maria, what did you first think when you saw me?\" \"Wow that boy is tall!\" Dwayne laughed at me and gently punched me \"No tell me the truth.\" \"That you were like no one I had ever met in my whole entire life, that you were, cheesy as it sounds, special, what did you think of me?\" Dwayne just stared at me, star struck, I waved my hand in front of his face to wake him up \"Hello, anybody home.\" Dwayne shook his head \"Hi, urmm ok, I thought you were so sweet and caring for cheering my sister on and when I saw you arrive at the door I couldn't look you in the eye, because, because you were just so perfect and so different.\" At that moment the world stopped, all I wanted was for Dwayne and I to float of into our own little world, I could feel my face flush, Dwayne and I looked a sight with our pink cheeks, but it was perfect, I closed my eyes to stop a tear dribbling down my cheeks. Just then I felt Dwayne press his lips to my burning cheek. As I opened my eyes I let the tear fall as I smiled, I had never been this happy, I never had felt so cheesy! Dwayne smiled as he drew back, he whiped the tear from my face \"Dwayne I, I, I\" I couldn't get the words out so I did something else I leaned forward and kissed Dwayne softly.[Chapter 4] His lips felt warm against mine, it was only a short kiss, but I never regretted, we drew back and smiled, it seems that was our main language, smiling, we did that more then talk, but I wouldn't have it any other way. We did eventually get so cold that we had no choice, but to go inside, as we tiptoed through the silent house I glanced up at the clock, four in the morning, as we arrived at Dwayne's door I leaned up on tip toes and kissed his cheeks once again before departing to my own room. As his door closed behind him I heard Frank congratulate him, obviously Frank has the hearing of a bat, maybe he was the one that told Dwayne to go see me, I never found out. For the rest of the night I slept deep and peacefully and when Olive came to wake me up she said I had a large smile from ear to ear. Olive had done as I had said and woke me up at eight o'clock sharp! She was already dressed and agreed to let me have fifteen minutes to get clothed and washed before starting the fun again, because the rest of the house and human kind were still asleep we decided to go outside and play the music very quietly. By nine we had thought up and rehearsed a full dance routine, which as you can guess caused us to have killer hunger pains, causing us to devour our breakfast an hour later. \" You girls certainly are hungry\" Richard said as he spooned sugar on to his cereal, until it was cereal under a mountain of sugar, Sheryl eyed him closely, but didn't say anything. After I had helped clean up, Dwayne pulled me aside and whispered in my ear \"Don't talk about the stuff in your room out loud, Olive never knew about her grandfathers habits, I've told mum and she will come and clear them out of your room soon.\" I nodded and he let go off my arm, quite reluctantly, obviously no one except Frank knew about our little moment last night, I think that was best until it became more serious. I spent most of the day talking, playing games, dancing and watching TV with Olive, for if it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have been there, but everywhere I looked, Dwayne wasn't far behind, even if it was through the corner of my eye, but it was the best moment of my life when at lunch Sheryl announced that her and Richard would be going out for a special dinner together and would it be possible for Frank to baby sit \"Sorry Sheryl it's my first night to be on own and I'm going to go out around the town for a bit I'm sure Dwayne and Maria won't mind looking after Olive for the night, they're both old enough.\" Frank winked, a very quick, secret wink at Dwayne, Sheryl seemed to consider the thought for a moment, but it was Richard who made the decision \"Why not, Frank deserves a night out and Maria and Dwayne are defiantly responsible enough to look after Olive for a couple hours. That settled it, at six in the evening the adults would leave and us three would be left on our own, there was only three rules we had to obey while left in the house, which was much less then the amount I got at home, when I was just staying in my room. One get Olive to bed by seven, number two there is a frozen pizza in the fridge and you can make yourself some salad if you want, have as much as you want and number three me and Dwayne were to get to bed by twelve, Sheryl and Richard would be out until about two, I think it was their anniversary and Frank would be back around five, so we had a good amount of time before they all came back. \"Good bye Olive\" Sheryl kissed Olive's forhead \"Goodbye Dwayne\" She kissed Dwayne on the cheek \"Goodbye Maria\" she gave me a big hug, \"Goodbye\" We all chimed back, as the door shut Dwayne turned to me and beamed and quickly stroked my hand, I think he was going to hold it for a bit, but Olive suddenly turned around, causing us to break apart. We watched one of Olive's favourite films, little mermaid for about an hour, Olive made it very clear in her cute mousey way that Dwayne should sit on her right and me on her left, I think she was trying to keep us apart until she went to bed. As we tucked her in she asked for a goodnight kiss from each of us, we did as we were told and just as we were leaving Olive sat up in bed and grinned a cheeky grin \"Dwayne make sure to give Maria a good night kiss before you go to bed, I think she deserves it.\" We both turned around in shock, Dwayne gave a small smile and said \"Don't worry I will.\" Olive laughed before settling down in her bed to sleep. \"Now Maria, what should we do, I do believe you have seen every room except mine, please do take a gander.\" I laughed at this as Dwayne offered me his arm and as I took it I whispered in Dwayne's ear \"Don't try anything naughty gorgeous.\" Dwayne burst out laughing as he took me to his room. It was amazing, with two beds across from each other, a huge picture of Friedrich Nietzsche on his walls, books covering a huge shelf and athletic equipment covered the floors \"Work out much?\" I said pinching his muscles gently, he brushed my hand away and then pulled me close, hugging me until my breath was almost squeezed out my body, I could feel his heat close to me, warming me from head to toe. It made me shiver with pleasure, \"Are you cold?\" \"No it's just so fantastic.\" I sighed with bliss, Dwayne smiled and pecked me on the cheek, I turned around and wound my arms round his waist, my arms could barely reach round his neck, it was perfect. I was wearing a short-sleeved top and a cardigan, but because of the heat of the room, I ended up slipping of my cardigan, before continuing the hug, this time I stood on my tip toes and reached all the way up to wrap my arms around Dwayne's neck, he pulled me close and began kissing my cheek, one side and then the other, again and again and again. It made me laugh so much that I almost fell down from his grasp, making my grip loosen. \"Maria why are your wrists so rough?\" It was then I regretted taking of my jumper, Dwayne pulled away and held my bandaged wrists in his trembling hands, a tear dribbled down his cheek, he had to blink hard to stop more falling, \"Maria, what happened?\" I didn't feel like talking about it, but I guess I had to at some point \"What do you think happened Dwayne?\" I sat down on a bed I think was Dwayne's \"You were either hurt or well you harmed yourself, oh please Maria say you haven't? I thought you were different.\" Dwayne looked a mixture of worry and anger \"Dwayne I was so un-happy.\" \"Yeah, but so was I before, I never tried to kill myself, we've all hated our families at one point.\" \"Dwayne if it was only because of my family I'd already be dead, no it was more then that, it was a couple months before the Little Miss Sunshine pageant that I did it. It started when I was thirteen, I only had one person in my family that I truly loved, my grandma, but she caught cancer in her lungs and after two years she had to give in and she died.\" Dwayne's face dropped, he obviously hadn't expected this, he came and sat next to me, as he sat down the bed slid to one side making me fall onto him, but he just caught me and held me in his arms. \"Was this when you tried to?\" \"No, I hadn't told you, but my mother had promised me that if I won a beauty pageant she would send me off to college far far away, I'd been having the lessons to be a beauty queen since I could walk and talk, so I thought this would be it, in the bag, my ticket out of here, but it wasn't to be.\" Dwayne had started stroking my hair, which made me immediately lye down in his lap, he didn't seem to care and carried on. \"The pageant was perfect, going well, until I met Emma, she was late, but she had been in this pageant all her life so they let her in, you can guess what happened, she wowed the audience and every one loved her. I was so embarrassed I ran out before they even announced who had come second, I never saw Emma again, but she came to me just before they handed out the prizes. She said I am going to win again.\" I felt weird telling Dwayne my terrible moments, but for some reason he didn't mind and after a while he started telling me his, we had a competition to see who had, had the worse moments in life, it ended up being a tie. I spent the whole night in Dwayne's arms, I ended up being as stiff as stone, at eleven o'clock Dwayne walked me to my room, we stood just outside, me leaning against the wall and Dwayne right in front of me \"Olive told me to give you a goodnight kiss, so I better do as I'm told.\" He said with a cheeky smile With that he pulled me close, wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed me so passionately, the air in my lungs become a in dangered species as we intwined our lips together even tighter, I felt Dwayne give my bottom lip a little nip, while his hands carresed my back. Suddenly I moaned. Dwayne opened his eyes and grinned at my shocked expression. \"Am I that good?\" he said, leaning forward, he breathed slightly on my neck, before stick out his tongue and licking it quickly. I moaned again, louder this time. Dwayne pulled back slightly and whispered in my ear \"sssh you don't want to wake Olive up do you?\" I shook my head and tried to regain my breathe, I was rather dissapionted that it had ended so quickly. I think Dwayne noticed my anger, because he quickly pulled me into my bedroom and shut the door with a loud slam. \"Dwayne, you'll wake up Olive\" I hissed, though I must say I was getting slightly turned on by this new side of him, he was urgent and passionate, his eyes sparkled and he was breathing deeply. \"She sleeps like a log\" he said, walking back to me. I didn't mean to, it was a kind of reflex, but I walked back, Dwayne smirked and carried on walking. I winked at him and started skipping back wards. \"Come get me Dwayne\" I whispered, beconing him closer with my finger. \"Oh just you wait\" he said, taking even bigger steps now suddenly my back touched the wall Dwayne saw this and lunged forward I threw my arms around his neck, while my hands intwined in his hair, I inhaled his sweet smell, while his mouth clamped onto mine, his tongue pushed through my lips, though I didn't really put up a fight, I wanted it and Dwayne knew that. One of his hands gripped on to the back of my neck, pulling my even closer to him. While the other hand explored the whole of my back, resting slightly on the very bottom of my spine, his finger tips delicatley drew shapes on the very top of my left bum cheek, but I made sure he wasn't going to far, I wanted it, but I wasn't going to give everything up easily. After what seemed like years, we finally pulled apart, gasping for breath like fish out of water. \"Bet you've never been said goodnight to like that!\" Dwayne said, grinning, he was tracing the contours of my collar bone, sending warm shivers all the way through my body. \"No I haven't and I doubt I'll ever be kissed like that again\" I said, wrapping my arms lightly around his waist, my head resting on his soft chest. \"I wouldn't bet on it, your kisses are becoming like medicine for me, I'm only well when I've been with you.\" Dwayne mummered, kissing the top of my head \"Your so cheesy\" I smiled as I kissed his lips quickly before showing him out \"Goodnight Dwayne.\" \"Goodnight Maria.\"[Chapter 5] \"wakey wakey!\" As my eyes opened my head began to spin, my whole body was so stiff, all I could see were two large blue eyes rimmed in clear plastic \"Olive what's the matter?\" \"My mom told me to come and get you, so that you me and Dwayne could have breakfast together, the adults are feeling rather ill, they say they've got headaches.\" I knew exactly what Sheryl, Frank and Richard had, they must have drunk half of America's alcohol between the three of them, though I must say I wasn't feeling good myself, by the time I had woken myself up Olive had left the room to go wake up Dwayne. As I slipped myself into a comfy pair of jeans and a soft baggy green jumper, tiptoeing past everyone else's rooms I entered the kitchen, Olive was sitting down nibbling the corners of a toast smothered in jam while Dwayne sipped coffee and read one of his favourite books, as I went to sit down next to Olive she placed one of her toys on the chair \"Sorry Maria, you'll have to sit next to Dwayne.\" There were plenty of other chairs, but I didn't object to the chance, Dwayne looked up at me, his hair hanging in his eyes \"Morning!\" \"Maria, are you and Dwayne going to get married, can I wear my cow boy boots to the wedding? Will I be the bridesmaid? Please let me be the bridesmaid!\" Dwayne looked at me and I looked at him and we both just burst out laughing, Olive just smiled \"Don't tell me, you believe me and Maria are a couple.\" Dwayne asked, while whipping away a tear from underneath his eye, at the same time I tried to regain my breath \"I don't think, I know!\" \"What would give you that idea?\" I asked teasing Olive a little, Dwayne smiled at me and reached underneath the table to hold my hand, just enough so that Olive couldn't see. \"Well for one you're the same age, I found you starring into each others eyes, Dwayne won't stop looking and smiling at you, I heard you two talking constantly last night and lastly your holding hands underneath the table.\" I didn't give Olive a reply, I just simply lifted my hand encased in Dwayne's up into the air, she clapped enthusiastically, Dwayne laughed and reached over, pecking me on the cheek. \"So Olive's worked it out as well, now your parents are the last ones who need to find out, so love birds when is the momentous occasion going to happen?\" Our heads turned to the sound of the voice, but I was relieved to see that it was just Frank standing there, he came over to us and clapped Dwayne on the back in congratulatory way, then coming over to me, holding out his right hand to shake mine, the only problem was that my left hand was in Dwayne's. Frank smiled, I pulled my hand away teasingly, but Dwayne just grinned and grabbed my hand in both of his tightly, \"Don't worry Dwayne, I won't take her away from you, I've got my own.\" My eyes widened, Dwayne raised his eyebrows and elbowed me softly in the side, I turned to him and he mouthed \"Ooh la la!\" Frank smiled and winked, but then pointed at Olive who was licking her fingers of scarlet jam, we both nodded, best not to tell Olive about her uncle's naughty ways last night. Frank retreated back to his room after brewing a bucket full of strong coffee, Sheryl and Richard woke up about two in the afternoon, giving them a healthy appetite for brunch \"I'm so sorry you three, I don't know what came over us.\" Richard said as they all gathered around the table for lasagne and lemonade, \"It's alright Richard.\" Dwayne said giving Olive and I, a secret wink, Olive giggled, Frank had to tap her lightly under the table so that she didn't give anything away \"So Maria, how have you enjoyed it here with us? It is going to be sad to see you go tomorrow.\" My face suddenly drooped as I remembered that I would be going home tomorrow, I looked down, but from the corner of my eye I saw Dwayne looking incredibly upset \"I've enjoyed it extremely, I'll be so sad to leave you all.\" Everyone gave me a sympathetic smile as they remembered what my home was like. For the rest of the evening we spent chattering about absolutely nothing! Towards the end I had to take leave to the toilet, as I was coming out I bumped into Dwayne \"Maria I think it's time to tell my mum and Richard about us, then I'll be able to invite you more, please say yes!\" Smiling I nodded, at least Dwayne was honest and mostly I couldn't think of anything better then coming back again to see them, Dwayne smiled and embraced me in a tight hug, I wrapped my arms around his neck and in turn he started kissing my neck up and down \"Dwayne, Maria are you coming back soon?\" Frank shouted, I could here a laugh almost escaping through his voice. We both hurried to the living room, as we entered Dwayne took my hand in his \"Everyone we have a announcement.\" As Sheryl looked up I saw her face light up \"Oh and what would that be\" Richard asked, a smirk creeping onto his face \"Maria and I are in love and I ask that Maria can come back again, soon.\" There was a moment of silence before Sheryl jumped up and pulled us into a huge embrace, for a skinny women she sure was strong \"oh happy, happy days! I thought you two made a cute couple together!\" I looked down to see Olive tugging at both of our hands and then putting them together behind her mothers back she winked before mouthing \"I will be the bridesmaid.\" As Sheryl let us out of her boa constrictor grasp Frank and Richard walked up hugged me lightly and then went over to congratulate Dwayne, Richard shook his hand firmly, like a real man he would say, Frank just smiled, he had already showed his views on the matter. As evening turned to night we all started to retreat to our rooms, before going into my own room I pulled Dwayne into a good night kiss and hug, but for some reason he didn't seem that interested and his kiss had hardly any passion, I was a bit upset, had revealing our secret to his family spoiled everything or was it because I was leaving, confused and upset I pulled away leaving Dwayne standing there. Brushing my teeth in the bathroom where I had found the dirty magazines and drugs, I looked back on what had happened to me in such a short time, until my thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the thin wooden door. Walking over I opened the door to the sound of another door closing a quiet conversation being held in a room down the hall, closing the door until I heard a crumble of paper being squashed, there was a note trapped in between the hinges, pulling it out carefully I read 'set your alarm for twelve, lots of love!' I could only guess what Dwayne had in mind, one thing is for sure it would be a night to remember! 'Bring bring, Bring bring!' I groaned as I reached over to turn off my phone alarm, getting up from the warm covers, why was it so cold tonight? I had set the alarm ten minutes before twelve, so I could go and clean up before Dwayne came in, my hair looked like I had been dragged through a bush and backwards, quickly getting it into sub mission before washing my face and swigging a cup full of mouth wash, I doubt anyone can look good after sleeping. 'Knock knock' I skipped to the door \"Your right on time, please come in.\" I whispered, Dwayne slipped in and I quietly closed the door, he then pulled me into his arms Before I could say anything else, Dwayne attached his lips to mine again, I could never get use to the feeling of his lips on mine, it was indescribable! As we continued to kiss, I had an idea It was my turn to make him moan I pulled him to sit on my bed, so that we were about the same height, why did I have to fall for such a tall guy? Because he's amazing and hot, obviously! Dwayne raised his eye brows at me, but didn't stop me as I began to trail butterfly kissed down his face, around his jaw and then down onto his neck I looked up to see Dwayne with his eyes closed and his mouth clamped shut, he was trying to supress the moan that was lingering on his lips I smiled against his skin, as I trailed my tongue across the side of his neck, trying to find his soft spot I soon found it As my tongue touched the spot right by his collarbone, Dwayne made a little sighing sound and his whole body jumped slightly I grinned as I pressed my lips to that spot, sucking on it slightly and then pecking it, but still no moan Looks like I'm going to have to pull out all the tricks My hand, fell gently onto Dwayne's right knee, it lingered there for a little bit, before slowly creeping up his leg, moving away from his crotch area, I stroked the far side of his pelvis. While my mouth clamped onto his neck and my tongue soothed the skin. Dwayne's breathing had increased and his hand was resting on the inside of my thigh I was loving every second of this I let my hand sneak slightly up his baggy yellow t-shirt. I could feel the soft hair around his belly button and the firm feeling of his abs against my finger tips, it was hard trying not to moan myself. Finally I pulled my mouth away from Dwayne's neck, but only for a momment, before bitting into the skin, without breaking it, but just enough so that it would make a love bite in the morning. \"maria..\" Dwayne moaned, gripping onto my leg, I let out as small moan myself as I continued to nip at Dwayne's neck. Suddenly Dwayne grabbed my hair slightly and pulled me back up to the front of his face. I don't know how it happened, but we ended up lying down, Dwayne on top of me, with my legs wrapped round his waist and his hands supporting his body above mine so that I wouldn't be crushed. My hands carried on feeling his chest and back, underneath his shirt, earning many moans and groans of approval from Dwayne. I felt my whole body being taken over by the hot feeling of pleasure, it was insane how so little could create such a feeling! After about 10 to 20 minutes, Dwayne collapsed next to me, I smiled and laid my head against his chest, feeling his heart beat against my ear. Dwayne wrapped his arms around my body, pulling me closer. I trully loved him. \"I don't get you\" I said after a while \"why?\" Dwayne said, looking down at me \"I tried to say goodnight to you earlier on and you hardly glanced in my direction and now you can't keep your hands off me!\" \"Sorry I was lost in thought.\" \"Oh and what were you thinking about?\" I said, stroking his forehead, he looked like he hadn't slept in ages the amount of wrinkles \"you, I don't want you going back to that horrible life you live, please stay with me!\" Dwayne said pulling my hand away and holding it in his, kissing each finger, I sighed \"Dwayne if only I could, but my mum would search up and down the country to find me, she still thinks she'll be able to mould me into a beauty queen and any way my brothers wedding is in a week and I'm quite looking forward to it, but I'll come back soon.\" Dwayne looked down he didn't seem convinced, he seemed more interested in his shoes, I looked up into his face, even with his eyes cast down I could see his beautiful eyes shed a small tear, wiping the tear away from his soft cheek I lent up wards and kissed his neck, he shuddered before wrapping his arms even tighter around my waist, he started kissing first my shoulder, then my neck, then my ear lobe and then back to a soft tender spot I had never realised I had, I let out a small moan. Dwayne looked back into my eyes and he pulled me into his lap, well as much as he could since we were lying down, he started rocking me back and forth, the heat from his body and the gentle movement lulled me back into sleep, I hadn't realised how tired I was, as my eyes closed, I felt Dwayne kiss my cheek one last time. \"I love you\" he whispered I turned round to face him, but so that his arms were still around me \"I love you too\" I said, placing my head in the crook of his neck and with that I fell asleep.[Chapter 6] \"Maria it's time for you to wake up now.\" Dwayne murmured softly, I moaned quietly and curled back up against Dwayne's chest \"Maria, this is like a dream come true, but your suppose to be leaving at twelve and it's already ten.\" Shaking me gently back into the world I looked around, why did I have to leave! Dwayne left me to get dressed and pack my bag, as I pulled my bags out of the bedroom I limped into the kitchen, everyone was sitting around the table, when they realised I was there Dwayne immediately jumped up to help me carry my bags into the room, I smiled at him and he hugged me briefly, he seemed much more relaxed with me now around his family, Sheryl smiled at us and Dwayne pulled out a seat for me next to him and Olive. I will miss the food here so much! It's so simple, but delicious at the same time the food at home is the absolute opposite Frank smiled at me and handed the toast rack over. That breakfast went so fast, I ended up choking on my cereal because Dwayne and Olive were acting out their dance at the beauty pageant, half way through I got pulled up of my seat, with a mouth full of orange juice and forced to join in, Dwayne started doing a crazy waltz with me, until Olive got jealous and made us both join in with her, dancing around the kitchen. As the clock struck twelve o'clock I made the dreadful walk to the door, Dwayne and Richard were going to escort me to the airport Dwayne and me sat in the back, we ended up in each others arms again we completely forgot about Richard being in the front I just happened to glance up at his mirror and he was bursting into laughter \"keep it PG back there\" me and Dwayne erupted into fits of giggles, while Richard carried on talking about how sweet we looked together and how Olive jumped into their room last night and saying how she would be our bridesmaid. \"Richard can Maria come back again please!\" I smiled at Dwayne, I hadn't even left yet and Dwayne was already asking me to come back, Richard smiled \"no Dwayne Maria is banned from the house!\" he yelled, it made us both jump out of skins, Dwayne clung to me and pretended to cry, Richard laughed and after a while \"alright Dwayne if she really has too\" After an hour of driving we arrived at the airport, me and Dwayne got out, Richard waited in the car it took ages to get to the desk that would finally let me on the plane on the way home, but it felt like I'd already left home and I was going back to a strangers home. Dwayne pulled me close to him and hugged me tight, the world and his wife walked past as I leaned up against him, but as the crackly voiced announced my plane was coming in for landing I had to brake the bubble and say goodbye, we indulged in one last adoring kiss before I pulled away leaving Dwayne waving goodbye, giving him one last small smile I ran to the plane taking me home. \"Maria Anderson where the hell are you!\" My mother said, screaming down the phone with all the strength she had in her size zero body I had just got of the plane, which had had three stops! Because they hadn't put enough fuel inside, worst ride ever and now my mum was shouting down the phone because I was three hours late! \"Mum I can't call you on a plane, it's against the rules, you don't want you and dad to get charged do you?\" Big mistake \"Now you listen here missy, if you really did have to stop that many times, then you would have had a good amount of time to call me and explain and also if you did get charged then it would be coming out of your own money, since your stupid grandmother gave you half her fortune, stingy old bat and let me just say\" I slammed the off button on my phone, cutting her off, no one talks like that about my grandmother and the sound of my mothers droning voice is like needles in your ears. \"Problem Miss Anderson?\" I snuggled down into the seat and smiled, weird as it sounds before I met the Hoover's, Hubertus(the driver), Rosalina and some of the other maids, were my only friends and it was nice to hear a familiar voice again. \"Isn't there always Mr. H\" I had never been able to say Hubertus's name when I was little so I just called him Mr.H and even though I was able to say it now, it had become a habit and it seemed to make him happy to hear his little nick name, so I didn't stop. \"True true, so how was your vacation, you were missed terribly, Rosalina has been complaining of back pains again, seems you will have to perform your miracle back massage again.\" To this I burst out laughing, remembering the time I had given Dwayne a neck massage for his pains. \"Something the matter Miss Anderson?\" \"Mr. H how many times have I told you to call me Maria, I was laughing because your little sentence brought back memories of my holidays, which were splendid!\" Mr. H looked into his mirror and saw me beaming in the back, he chuckled \"Yes Maria, well it is good to hear you enjoy yourself for once, I have been worrying about you, isn't it normal for teenage girls to smile.\" I laughed at this, but there was some sense in what he had said \"Yes it is normal, but I guess I don't live a very normal life do I Mr. H?\" \"No you don't Maria, there's nothing normal about your life, but still you are a very pretty, clever, nice girl and I will drink to your future!\" With that he took a huge sip of tea, little dribbles of the brown liquid trickled down onto his suit Mr. H was probably the only driver there ever was that has a mug of tea, hot or stone cold sitting in his car every day, I once said he should get a kettle in the car, but my mother and father would never allow it. As we drove up the stone path Rosalina ran out of the servant quarters and embraced me in a tight hug, what is it with skinny women giving such cobra like squeezes! First Sheryl now Rosalina \"Oh Maria we have missed you!\" she exclaimed, releasing me from her arms to help Mr. H with my bags, next time I really should bring less clothes, it wasn't all needed. I was quickly led into the kitchen, where I was greeted warmly and then upstairs where I was given cold stares and was scolded for my tardiness. Just my luck, my brother has asked Amethyst to be one of his bridesmaids and me to do a speech at his wedding, which means dresses and jewels all around my sisters dress has already been sent, lets just say she looks like a hen that's been dipped pink paint and sprayed with gold, it was horrendous! My mother had wanted me to look alike, but amazingly my bothers fiancé refused and said I must look different to the bridesmaids, I love her now! Sadly this meant my mother had ordered catalogues full of dresses to be sent to the house and we would look at them together, ugh, to find the perfect dress, I knew what my mother wanted, anything with frills and bling bling! I on the other hand wanted something plain and simple, I didn't feel the need to impress people and there was no need for me to try and pull a boyfriend, because I already had one oh Dwayne, how I wished I was with you right now. I was un-packing my bags, when I noticed a small not inside, pulling it out a saw a small scribbled note written in black marker 'To my beautiful Maria, our time together was fantastic and I can't wait to see you again, hope your brothers wedding will be fun, well as fun as it could be, it is August the first isn't it, good you should get it before then, surprise! With all my love, Dwayne, xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox ' Clutching the note to my chest I twirled round and round on the spot, I loved Dwayne, I love him, I love him, I love him! Unfortunately I said that last part out loud and at full volume, my father shouted from his study to be quiet, there was a slur in his voice he spent so much time down there, it must get lonely, specially when were all out and he's just left with the staff. As I was thinking this, Amber one of our youngest maids (I think she was only nineteen, she dark brown hair and a cold stare, she had always been skinny, but now she had a bit of a tummy and there was finally meat on her arms) I only noticed because she had to make my bed, she seemed to have problems bending down, so I helped her with hardest bits, she smiled at me and then hobbled out. When all my stuff was un-packed I changed into my dinner clothes, usually on school nights I wear what ever I feel like, but when it's the holidays we all sit as a family in our very best, this of course is hell! Our table is very big and very square, we each have a side and waiters serve us on the very best silver and china, I'm on my mothers right and my fathers left, we never speak until after the food has been eaten and were sitting in the drawing room, mother sipping her scotch and father the brandy, they really are too old fashion sometimes, my sister spends most of the time sitting in between them on a dainty little pink chair engraved with the words 'Princess Amethyst' and covered in the softest satin, it made you want to throw up all over it's polished surface Amethyst would say very little, but when she did, it would come out as a mousy squeak and a slight lisp I how ever sat in a corner on my comfy moss green reading chair, with a blanket wrapped round my shoulders and a mug of hot chocolate in my hands, I would always have my hair in front of my face, one because I didn't want to look upon the sight that was my family and secondly because the ginger locks hid my headphones, stuck in my ears. I was listening to a particularly good tune that night, I may be American, but I like English artists incredibly, this song was by ELO and was called Sweet Talking Women Everything was perfect, until my mother looked up from her Women's weekly and pierced her lips together before coughing gently to get all of our attention \"Maria, there was a package in the mail today, it was addressed from someone called Dwayne Hoover, do you know this person?\"[Chapter 7] \"Oh Dwayne, yes I met him once, I left a pair of gloves where we met and he told me he would send them back, that must have been what's in the package.\" I didn't dare tell her the truth, she would have gone berserk, if she knew it was from him, or as she called them, the freaks. My mother looked at me strangely, but after a while she picked up the little bell and rung for the mail, as soon as the package was placed in front of me, I ran upstairs, hugging the cream envelope to my thumping heart. Slipping my thumb underneath the top of the package, opening it slowly, I saw that there was a letter and a tiny silver box inside, I decided to look at the letter first 'Dear Maria, I hope you got my secret letter, it feels so lonely without you around, the house has lost some of it's beauty and charm, sorry I'm being really emotional, but I really miss you, so much! I wanted to get you something special, something to remember me by. I really hope you can come and visit us again, because Olive misses you severely. Love you with all my heart! Dwayne.' For such a lonely person, he sure can write some lovely stuff, reaching for the box, I slowly pulled the blue ribbons of, it and inside was the most stunning necklace I had ever seen. It was a tiny gold envelope and when I looked inside, there was a gold letter saying \"I love you\", my heart had fully melted. As I pulled the chain from underneath the satin cushion, I looked at the rainbows reflected in the light from the jewels, it would have been ideal if Dwayne was here to place it around my neck, in stead of me having to peer into the mirror to attach it, but what can you do? That night I went to sleep dreaming of Dwayne. \"Miss Maria, your mother asks that you join her in the living room after your breakfast.\" Turning onto my front, I tried my best to completely ignore the nervous maid standing by my bed \"Miss Maria, did you hear me, I'm sorry, but it is very urgent that you join your mother.\" I wanted to hit her, but restraining myself I opened one eye, I managed to mumble a few words in reply. \"Fine, I'll be down soon.\" As I watched her scuttle out of the room I angrily got out of my warm bed. Dressing as quickly as possible and running downstairs to eat my breakfast and join my mother, not because I wanted to, but as you can probably guess, my mother is not one to keep waiting. \" Finally Maria, I was beginning to wonder whether you had disappeared of the face of the earth.\" \"Sorry mother, but I'm here now.\" She gave me one of her disapproving looks, pressing her lips together to form one thin pink slug on her face, but instead of replying, she pushed three large catalogues under my nose. \"You may pick five dresses you would like to wear to your brothers wedding and then I will see the one that I think fits best \"thank you mother.\" I fingered through the glossy pages of the magazines, scanning each picture and looking for the one that would be perfect for me, I saw: pink dresses, blue dresses, green dresses, small dresses, big dresses, short dresses and long dresses, everything was wrong, throwing them onto the table in a huff I let out a long sigh, why couldn't I find anything right! \"How about this one.\" My mother said pointing to a beautiful light green one with a small silk ribbon for a belt \"it's not too showy, but it will look very nice with your red hair.\" I was astounded, my mother had hated the colour of my hair ever since I was born, I had inherited it from her father, she was a dark brown and my sister was mouse, so I stuck out, my mother hated this, in yet now she was showing me something to frame my hair with. \"Thanks mother, it's great, can have this one please?\" \"You may, now go and bother someone else, please I'm very busy.\" As she said this, she picked up her glass of white wine, sipped it and then picked up her phone, so she could make one of her three hour long calls. I left my mother in peace and decided to go help Rosalina with her work. That day went by very quickly, my father ended up shutting himself in so tightly in his study that he began moaning and groaning in anger, he also must have been hitting things in his anguish, for there was a lot of movement going on. Amber was off for the afternoon, I only noticed because someone else came to make my bed that evening. As day turned to night I began to get undressed into my comfy white pjs, my grandmother had made them for me when I had turned thirteen, the embroidery had mostly fallen of and the many of the buttons had gone to, but the fabric was still so soft. Tiptoeing quietly to sit at the dressing table, I looked at the: perfume bottles, powder puffs, jewellery boxes(all hammy downs from my grandmother), the fairy lights reflected in the oval mirror. \"Dwayne…\" I said, under my breath, stroking the smooth metal envelope Glancing over at the tiny flip up calendar, my father called a Christmas present, it was July the 29th, tomorrow we would be flying of to jolly old England for Andy's big day! Can't wait. I HATE MY SISTER! I just spent ten whole hours sitting next to her, while she sung aqua songs, half of the people on the plane just cooed at her and then the other half gave me, me dirty looks! Like it's my fault that she won't bloody shut up. I swear my father was chatting up the hostess, who was handing out the pots of salty peanuts, as dirty as it sounds I happened to glance over at my parents on the other side, my mother was asleep, snoring quietly, she would die if she knew. My father's eyes twitched up and down, searching the hostess's body with his looks and when she bent over to pick a napkin of the floor, my father's eyes filled with desire. God he's a complete pervert, no wonder most of the maids try and stay away from him, only the oldest ones and Amber ever tend to his needs. I was so happy when the plane finally landed and I was able to get away from the gruesome threesome, I know it's suppose to be twosome, but I'm un-lucky enough to have three, lucky me. On a higher note, it was amazing to see Andy again, his fiancé Monica is absolutely beautiful, the only thing spoiling it was that she had one of those really posh English accents, not to dis the British, I love their voices, except the chav accent and the really really REALLY posh voice! The one where they sound like their mouth is full of peanut butter and they just can't say all the words. \"Good evening dear Maria, your dear brother has told me so much about you, but I never imagined you'd be this beautiful, what a dear little family!\" she said, clasping her hands together, the woman must have a obsession with the word dear, still everyone else seemed to love her. \"Oh Andrew, it's a mothers dream!\" my mother said, showing her real personality for a second, a pretty money thirsty mother, but Monica lapped it all up and gave my mother a pretty sickly sweet answer back \"Oh Mrs Anderson it is so nice to finally meet you!\" Andy smiled at me and pretended to be sick, he obviously didn't approve of his fiancé's silly behaviour. \"Monica my love, my family are probably very tired, I'll send for someone to show them to their rooms.\" Monica smiled and when my mother's back was turned she made a very quiet impression of my mother! So she didn't do the sweet act on a regular basis. When Andy clicked his fingers, four men in suits ran up, picked up our bags and showed us the way to our luxury suits, although me and Amethyst had to share a room, we pushed our beds to the furthest sides of the room and ignored each other the whole time! The same can't be said for our parents, they spent the whole time arguing and after my father stormed out with a bottle of gin under one arm and a fag in his mouth (I thought he'd quit) it seemed that my parents hated each other more then I thought. \"Mother and Father are fighting again.\" Amethyst murmured, while flicking through her ponies magazine \"this is one of the first times, what do you mean again?\" I asked, \"they always fight, you just never hear them.\" Amethyst said, her voice had an evil, sinister tone to it, after a while she put her Polly Pocket headphones in and that was the end of conversation. At six o'clock sharp, we were called down to a banquet, where Andy, Monica, her parents and all of us sat down to Pheasant with herb stuffing. It was disgusting, I longed for Sheryl's frozen dishes, the simple taste of chicken wings in a bucket, lasagne in foil and peas from a tin, why, why, why? Did I have to be stuck in this up-tight living! \"So Maria what do you like to do in your spare time?\" Monica asked, how could I answer her in front of my mother and my almost un-conscious father \"well I love to listen to music, I like art and I love dancing.\" I said with a smile on my face, remembering the dance routines I had made up with Olive, \"lovely.\" Was the only thing Monica said in reply, she may hate my mother which gives her some personality, but the very little words she does say are boring and very very dull! How could my brother be in love with her? How many times would I think this, during the wedding? I wonder if Andrew has other reasons for marrying Monica? \"Maria, are you ok? You've been gone for a long time and your head is on a angle, have you been watching scrubs secretly again?\" Andy whispered, the corners of his mouth up turned in humour, shaking myself out of the day dream I noticed that my head was on a slant, god I have to stop watching scrubs so much, although J.D is my least favourite character, I do like the way he has all those crazy day dreams. \"Maria Anderson please stop day dreaming and finish your tapioca pudding my mother hissed, more like frog's eggs pudding, this was going to be a long four days.[Chapter 8] \"God Persilla, I've shared a bed with the winner of Miss Cankle America in the past, but you are a whole different type of FAT!\" Not the nicest way to wake up to, but the next morning that's all I heard for a whole hour, my sister had cleverly plugged herself into her ipod and so she couldn't hear a thing, I how ever, had no idea about my parents fucking argument alarm clock! It was so bad, I decided to go for a walk in the gardens, their beautiful in the early morning sunlight and the birds songs deafened out the sound of my parents harassing each other. Sitting down on a small stone bench, I just leaned back and closed my eyes, the aroma of freshly cut grass lulled me into a light sleep. \"It's nice to get away isn't it?\" I smiled at the sight of Andy sitting next to me \"I forgot how quietly you can walk on freshly cut grass\" Andy laughed and sat down next to me \"I'm glad to see you haven't lost your sense of humour\" \"I keep it locked up safe in mothers biscuit barrel, mother never touches it, but if anyone else does, there's hell to pay.\" Andy clutched at his sides as the thought of mother, guarding the biscuit barrel, while I distracted her and Andy ran behind and slipped his hand into the golden barrel of goodness came back to him. \"Memories huh? They'll never leave you\" he stuttered while whipping away a fake tear. I'd completely forgotten about what Andy was really like, we were ten years apart, that might be why we never had a single fight. \"It's good to see that the evil three haven't changed you much, though I must say when I first saw you, I hardly recognised you, you've grown up so much!\" I punched him gently on the shoulder and then snuggled up to him \"my little sister.\" \"You haven't changed either Andy, except now you've got a million dollar wife, a smart suit and a gang of English plum eaters.\" \"What the hell, why plum eaters?\" Andy asked, giving me a strange look \"because when ever they talk they sound like their eating a plum.\" \"Not all of them, most of them sound normal, it's just these lot and any way I find it very VERY attractive\" He said, winking and raising his eyebrows up and down. \"God Andy, I don't want to know!\" I shouted, jumping up and standing in front of Andy, laughing he replied \"it's nice to see you too Maria, hey Maria will you do a speech tomorrow at the wedding, I would ask mother, but she would just go on and on about my childish self and I'm not going to ask father, because he'll probably be too smashed.\" \"Yeah, I will, it will be pleasure.\" Andy smiled at me and pulled me back next to him, with reluctance I hugged him back, even if the seat was now covered in horrible cold dew. As we sat their, staring out that sky, we heard the beautiful sound of the church bells telling everyone it was nine in the morning, time to go and have breakfast, since we were both dressed we went straight to the large hall and took our seats, which had been labelled with our names \"This place gets better and better\" I muttered sarcastically, so that the waiters and guest around us couldn't hear, after a couple minutes the rest of my family joined us at the table and it gave me a chance to guess who the rest of the people where, some were dressed in beautiful clothes and covered in beautiful jewels, they must have been royal, or at least noble. The rest I guessed to be some of Monica's friends and maybe some of Andy's new friends, but none of his old friends where to arrive until the actual wedding day, if they even came. \"Please my friends, enjoy.\" Andy said, arms out stretched like he was trying to hug us all, I must ask him about this later, but surprisingly, no one, but father and Amethyst giggled and that was just because he was already slightly tipsy and she's really little. It's hard to eat pancakes neatly, I ended spilling lemon juice down my arms and onto my old navy jumper, my mother gave me one disapproving look, but was too occupied keeping my fathers head from falling into the soupe in front of him, who has soup for breakfast? It smelt horrible as well, like sickly sweet bananas and ginger, it is suppose to be good for you and to cleanse your soul! After breakfast we were told to go and amuse our selves for three hours, before we did a dress rehearsal, a dress rehearsal, I thought they only did those in the Victorian times, this family is proper old fashioned, why did Andy agree to join in their old song and dance, because he loves Monica was all Amethyst would say, I think it's more then that, but who knows, maybe he does, it just seems like Andy was too quirky and fun loving then all off these posh people. You have no idea how hard it is having to make use of three boring hours stuck in a room, with my little sister singing \"I kissed a girl and I liked it, the taste of her cherry chap stick!\" while the maid walked around the room hovering, when the blooming Hoover wasn't even on! I must have read the book 'Set in Stone' over and over again but lastly at two o'clock in the afternoon we all gathered together in a surprisingly plain church and watched as my brother stood in front of nearly fifty people and pretended to announce his love to his dear Monica, it made you sick, why would you want to rehearse something so special, surely the more spontaneous it is, the more romantic it is, like when me and Dwayne had our first kiss, as I thought of this I imagined me and Dwayne sharing the amazing moment and then just as we drew apart Dwayne whispering \"I love you Maria, but can we try that again, this time turn more to the left and actually can we stand up and…..\" God what hell, I'd end up smacking him in the face if he had done that \"Maria, the ceremony has finished, are you ok, you've been frozen for about ten minutes\" Amethyst said, leaning forward and clicking her fingers in front of my eyes batting her away I laughed nervously \"Yeah I'm fine, where are we going next?\" Amethyst smiled evilly, fluffed out her hair and twirled around \"mother wants us to go and have tea with: her, Monica and Lady Shipton.\" I died a little bit inside then, as Amethyst dragged me back to our room to get ready, as my sister opened up her wardrobe, the millions of dresses spilled out, like a wave of pastels over the floor \"Amethyst is there a need for the puke coloured dresses?\" \"Yes, un-like you, I know how to look good.\" As she said that she picked up a pink frilly garment, that I can only guess was a dress, pretending to be sick I looked in my much smaller wardrobe and picked out: a scarlet blouse, a denim pencil skirt and a pair of black pumps. \"What are you dressed as a librarian?\" \"What are you dressed as, a salmon?\" \"Ha ha, very funny, but you know I look hot!\" Amethyst said, strutting round the room in her matching high heels, just as she began to pout and flutter her eye lids, she tripped over one of the my little ponies and made a very graceful flop onto the floor, followed by a very funny, thud! \"Oh yes, you really do look hot, look at the colour of your cheeks, practically burning!\" Amethyst just pouted and began fixing her perfect perm. An hour later we sat at a crystal table, in a gorgeous mahogany and gold room and all I could look at was Mrs Shipton's nose hair and the sound of her sipping tea through her few surviving teeth. \"Well Mrs Anderson, I must say you have a beautiful pair of daughters, but your oldest one is simply too quiet and I saw her this morning with your son Andrew gallivanting round our garden, I must warn you Ms Andrew, that garden cost over £100,000, so please try not to ruin it.\" We were hardly gallivanting, more like sitting on a stone cold bench, I wanted to shout, but I had to retain my self as my mother kicked me gently with the tip of her sharp stilettos, I felt the blood trickle towards my feet as I took another cream biscuit to dip in this glorious tea. \"So Monica, what made you fall in love with my brother? Amethyst asked, batting her eyelids and secretly smearing on more lip gloss, I don't know how she did it, Mrs Shipton had the eyes of a hawk, but some how by the time Monica had thought of a answer, her lips where the size of my fathers ears, which are ginormous! \"Oh Amethyst he was such a gentlemen and like no one I had ever met before, he was the man of my dreams, the prince of my heart, he was perfect.\" I don't think Monica could have been any more sickly sweet, un less she had said it with honey in her mouth! With her speech, finally finished, we all sat in peace, with only the sound of me whimpering in pain and still Mrs Shipton's horrible sipping noise.[Chapter 9] *Hey, reviews would be great since I haven't had any yet and I want to know what you guys think. Also I don't live in America so I'm sorry if I get some facts wrong* The day of the wedding didn't start well, when half the house was woken up by my father running around his room, chasing my mother, Monica's veil attached to his head, singing \"hear comes the bride, short fat and wide, see how she wobbles from side to side!\" At least Andy tried to see the funny side of it, while Monica and her mother didn't find it at all amusing and if they had, had more time, they would have had another veil made, so that Monica wouldn't have something that smelt of whisky, but sadly they only had a couple hours before the wedding, so Monica just covered her self in perfume to hide the stench. It was nice being able to sit back and watch as everyone ran around like busy little bees, going buzz buzz buzz! As they prepared the wedding of the century, I hardly saw Andy, I suppose he was with Monica's father going over his vows, so after the afternoon banquet of crumpets and tea it was time for me to jump into action and by jumping into action, I mean getting dressed and practicing my speech, that I was regretting already! At least one thing wasn't shit, my dress actually looked good on me, although it showed my little bit of tummy, it gave me a glowing effect, for once I liked the way I looked, if only Dwayne could see me. I would love to see him in a suit, with his dark hair he would look so sexy! I was wearing the necklace he had given me and a charm bracelet that had belonged to me grandmother, it was suppose to have been given to Ameythst, but she thought it was too childish and rejected it, so I got it instead and guess what, now she wants it back! At two oclock we all congregated in the church, Monica and Andy's close family at the front, close friends and smaller family members in the middle and the servants at the back, we had to wait for everything to be perfect and then the choir burst into song and Andy appeared beside the Priest in a grey suit and red tie Suddenly everyone turned to watch Monica walk down the ile, her dad holding her arm. I wasn't really watching, I was singing my dad's version \"her comes the bride, short fat and wide, see how she waddles from side to side.\" I started laughing, so I had to cover my mouth, biting into the skin to stop myself from bursting, when I had stopped laughing I finally looked up and gasped. Monica was dressed in a long dress in snow flake white and arround the hem was a flowery lace, which I think was a powder blue, with her dark hair and smoky eyes, it was a beautiful contrast, but when I looked at Andy that's what made me really happy, the silly bastard looked over the moon, he was almost in tears by the time Monica had reached the end of the ile. She just smiled and tried to pull her arm away from her father, who was holding onto her with a iron grip, in the end, I swear I saw andy help her un-clasp his wrinkly old hands, she ended up with rope burn. I watched as the Priest made them say their vows and I couldn't help imagining my own wedding, but for some reason I couldn't see the groom, all I could see was my mother running after me with hair curlers and my father almost tripping over as he lead me up the ile, I shivered as I came out of the day dream, I need to stop watching so much Scrubs, I'm having J.D dreams again. By the time I'd fully woken up, Andy and Monica had already left and everyone else was starting to do the same, I limped to the recpetion, while holding out a box of tissues, my mother was too tearfull to help me and my sister support our drunken father, in the end a member of staff had to grab a wheel chair, it's a good thing my father looks so haggard, so people actually believe he's a crippled seniel man. \"So Marina, did you enjoy your brothers wedding?\" I moaned slightly as one of Monica's giddy best friends, dressed in a tight silver frock, skipped over to me and started quizing me \"sorry, but my name is Maria, MARIA! I enjoyed it very much, did you?\" the Polly Pocket girl took a sip of a fruit martine, giggled and whispered \"didn't Andy look dashing in the suite? I wanted Monica's dress, but I don't think my tiny behind would be able to fill out the dress like she does, well good bye Marie, I've got to go circulate.\" And off she went \"whore.\" Hopefully no one heard that, a couple minutes later I noticed her leaning on one of Andy's school chums arm, I'll have to ask Monica about that one. We spent about a hour at the reception, before the close family retreated back to Monica's manour, we drove back in three white limos and Monica and Andy rode in front in a silver carriage, covered in red ribbons and white roses. I shared a limo with: my mother, my father, Ameythst and Monica's father and mother. It's a good thing Mrs Shipton was watching the silver carriage in front of them, because my father was trying to touch her up, but my mother kept swatting his hands away just before his chubby sausage fingers touched her satin skirt. I was able to get away from the after wedding dinner by pretending that I had bad pains because it was my time of the month,of course is it wasn't, but it's like nails down a chalk board eating with that lot. I t was then that I was able to have a fantastic peacfull hour on my own, that's when I'm at my happiest. I pulled out my sketch book and ipod, plugged in and indulged in some drawring, I drew the view from my window, my sister and all her new friends in their cute fluffy bridesmaid dresses and last of all, I tried to draw what I could remember of Dwayne, I dream of him nearly every night, but I couldn't do more then a faint outline of him on the paper, this saddend me incredibly, I miss Dwayne, so much. There's not a single day that I don't wish I was with him and not stuck in a room decorated in gold and silk. After one more day stuck in that huge building, we finally packed up and made the journey home, but before some of the staff dragged my family into the car, my dad too drunk to move and my mother and sister refusing to leave, I pulled Andy away and had a quick word \"Andy are you really and trully in love with Monica?\" Andy looked shocked, before nodding his head \"Good good.\" \"Why would you think that? Haven't you enjoyed it here, I know it's been a bit tiresome, but hasn't it been fun?\" \"Yeah I enjoyed it, well most of it, parts with you have been great, absoultley splendid\" Andy smiled, but it didn't seem like he had got the answer he was searching for \"Come on Maria, what's the matter with Monica?\" I sighed \"Nothings wrong with her, it's everything else, the way they live, the people she's friends with, didn't you meet her blonde bimbo friend? She's horrible, such a cow!\" Andy laughed again, showing his new pearly teeth, that i guessed he had, had done for the wedding. \"You mean Yasmin, yeah she's a bit weird, don't really like her very much, bit too flirty, too many frills\" \"And she fancies you and thinks that Monica has a huge bum!\" Andy looked shocked \"Uh oh, I better keep my eye on her, or it might get nasty.\" I just sighed, this weekend had been more emotionally draining then anything else I had ever been through \"so you really find this whole thing, Monica's family and friends, the way she lives, horrible?\" I just nodded again \"Andy, you should know how I hate how I live, how you use to live, but you haven't changed the way you live, the way I thought you would. When we were little, do you remember we use to talk for hours about how we would change our lives if we had un-limited wishes, your dream world was so different to this. You, you've changed.\" I burst into tears, I had finally told my dear older brother Andy how I thought of him now, Andy pulled me closer and hugged me, in a brotherly way, I cried into Andy's chest, soaking his pale green shirt. \"Look Maria, I still hate this way of life, don't you think that sometimes I want to rebel against everything here and create havoc? I feel that way every day, but Monica makes it all bareable, she keeps me sane, I love her so much! That's how I'm able to do it, when you find someone that you love as much as I love Monica, then you will understand.\" And with that, I began to smile, with the back of my hand I whiped away the tears that had clinged to my cheek and a couple that had trickled down my neck. I understood now. Pulling away from Andy's grasp, I smiled, pecked him on the cheek and whispered \"don't worry, I've already found a person like that, I hope I see you soon, bye!\" Andy grinned at his confusing little sister, helped me into the long black car that would take me all the way back to the airport \"see you Maria.\" He quickly kissed the top of my ginger head and slid something into my hand \"little gift from me and Monica.\" And with that I sped off, with three crazy people who I did not enjoy calling family and a look of delight as I fingered the thin box. It reminded me off the gift Dwayne had given me, just a few weeks ago, though it feels like years, I giggled at the thought of going back to the Hoover family seeped into my mind. Opening the box I gasped at the sight of a thin silver digital camera lying in the purple paper, pressing the on button, I watched the lense open out and the screen turn on with a sweet tinkly sound, but strangley when I went to look at the file that I would fill with my pictures, there was one already there. I pressed a couple buttons to get a closer look and there was Andy, with his arm around Monica who was holding out a piece of paper, so that the camera could pick up what was written on it. I just laughed when I read the three simple words \"Click Click, Enjoy!\" I layed back on the leather car seat and let my mind drift in and out of a beautiful dream, filled with Dwayne, Olive and for some reason a dark pool of blue water.[Chapter 10] As soon as we got home, I ran up to my bedroom, dragging my bags behind me. \"Stop running Maria, it sounds like a group of elephants are going up the stairs!\" I turned to look down at my mother, she looked so small, apart from her hair which was absoultley huge, three times the size of her head. \"Mother if there were elephants going up the stairs you would know as the wood and carpets fell onto your head and whole lot of elephant butts came down to squash you flat\" I said, smilling smuggly at her as I turned to carry on running up the stairs. \"That horrid little girl needs to learn some manners\" I heard my mother mumble, \"oh vernon, we only just got home, do you have to start drinking now?\" I knew my father was a alcholic, just like I know the abc's off by heart. But hearing him stumble into his study, glasses and bottles clinking together, as he sung a song he'd learnt when he was a student, before he met my mother and way before he'd inherited his parents fortune. Well it sent chills through my body as it echoed through the house, no matter how far you went up the stairs, even to the top, you could still hear him gulping down the clear liquid that I had known all my life as Vodka, which he mixed with hundreds of different alcholic drinks to make it even stronger. \"Mothers angry with you\" Ameythst sung as she skipped past my room up to hers \"I don't care\" I sung back, I heard her laugh \"you can't sing\" she shouted, \"oh yes I can\" I said as I began to un-pack my bags. \"Ok sing!\" she was in her room, I could tell by her foot steps above, she was dancing. \"Alright\" I said, switching on my Ipod speakers, I turned on Somewhere only we know by Keane, I don't usually like soppy songs, but this ones beautifull and it's one of the only songs I know all the words to. I started singing as best I could \"I walked across an empty land, I knew the path way like the back of my hand, I felt the earth beneath my feet, sat by the river and it made me complete!\" \"Fine fine you can sing, now please shut up, I don't want to have to listen to rubbish music!\" Ameythst shouted, stamping up and down on her bright pink carpet. I turned it off and switched onto a playlist full of my favourite Blur songs, it started off with Parklife. As I put away my clothes, I sung as loudly as I could, in a rubbish cockney accent. \"All the people, so many people and they all go hand in hand, hand in hand through their parklife!\" \"Will you shutup…..ugh…some of us are trying to..ooooh….SLEEP!\" my father screamed. Oh god I hate him so much! And he didn't sound like he was sleeping, more like he was in pain, or pleasure, he sounded just like when I had been giving Dwayne a love bite. Except that Dwayne sounded so much nicer, his voice was sexier and when he moaned I loved every second I heard it, though that might have been because I was the cause of his moan. I miss him so much! I had a dream about him on the plane, it was such a lovely dream. We were outside in his garden again, but the evening was warm, but we were still huddled together, with a blanket wrapped round us. I was sitting on Dwayne's lap and he was kissing my cheek and neck and his hands were exploring my body, while my hands slipped behind me, between his legs and and…..it makes me blush every time I think of it and tiny butterflies circled around inside my stomach, but I haven't been able to stop thinking about it constantly. Soon the cooks called us for dinner. I changed into a pair of comfy jeans and a big black t-shirt which said \"No I am not on f*****g facebook!\" my mother hated it, but right now I didn't really care if she became angry or not. I was walking downstairs when Rosalina suddenly stopped me on the stairs \"you look lovely Maria, you always do, but recently you've had a happy glow around you, one I've never seen before\" she said, she looked me straight in the eyes. \"Is it because of the Hoover's, that family you went to visit?\" I couldn't keep secrets from Rosalina, so I just nodded. \"Could a boy have anything to do with it?\" she said, grinning, she winked at me as my whole face turned cherry tomato red. \"I've got to go down to dinner\" I said, running down the stairs \"I knew it Maria, you can't hide something like that from me\" she said with a chuckle as she carried on dusting the bannister. When I'm old enough to move out, I'll take Rosalina with me, but not as a maid, but as friend and Mr. H would come visit and so would Dwayne….oh god I can't think about Dwayne with out going red and gooey inside. \"Your late!\" my mother screeched as I walked into the room. I looked at the clock, 7:32 pm, god my mother needs to lighten up \"I'm only two minutes late and anyway where's father? Isn't he suppose to join us aswell? Or are we not good enough to be graced with his god like presence!\" Ok I know I'm being a bit harsh, but I couldn't bear it, thinking of Dwayne and the hoovers had made me remember how happy I'd been with them and what a shit life I lived here. An alcholic pervert for a father, a stuck up her own but mother who cares more about shoes then her own children and a barbie doll for a sister! \"You're a horrible little brat you know that, now up to your room! You won't be sharing dinner with us tonight\" \"Fine! I don't want to sit with you either or eat your stuck up food, I hate it here!\" I ran out of the room, trying to make as much noise as possible, just to piss her off even more. I can't wait to get out of here! \"Fuck\" I groaned, twisting and turning underneath the thin cover that I'd thrown over my body before sinking into a angry sleep. I looked at the clock, almost ten o'clock, everyone was probably asleep, but I didn't feel tired anymore. I don't know why I decided to go to the attic, I hadn't been up there in months maybe even a year, it use to be my favourite spot, I would go up there when I needed to escape. I tucked my Ipod into my pocket, with a book under my arm, I then pulled on a thick dark purple sweater and a pair of black cat slippers. I slipped out the room and started creeping towards the top floor. The attic was full of boxes, old furniture, just things that my family had forgotten about for years, it was a great place to hide, although it was incredibly dusty, it was the one room that the staff didn't clean I had no idea why, but I enjoyed every moment of the peacefull silence. was cuddled into a saggy bean bag, with one of my faviourete books in the crook of my hands, I loved the 'Book Thief' although the beginning is a bit boring just as I was getting to most intense part, I heard the attic stairs creek, my heart echoed against my rib cage, I knew I wasn't allowed to be up here and if anyone found me, that would be the end. Running to hide behind a castle of boxes, I peered through a small crack in the wood, I wish I'd never seen what I saw, I had to stop myself from screaming every second. I watched poor Amber ran up the stairs, her unifrom in rags and snail trails of mascara running down her cheeks and following her, already drunk and hungry for excitement was my father. \"No Vernon, I wont do it!\" Amber screamed, almost toppling onto the very boxes that I was hidden behind, but my Father caught the crying girl and tried to kiss her, but Amber pushed away, she held her stomach, that was now round and incredibly large \"look what you've done to me Vernon, look what has come out of your drunken horny ways.\" I wanted to cry, my father had been having an affair with one of the staff, it all be came clear, the constant hours locked away in his study, while everyone listened to him groaning in what they thought was anger. I had to bite my hand, to stop the sobs, I tried to look away, but my eyes wouldn't do as they were told. My father grabbed Amber and pushed her against the wall, he carreressed her swollen belly and grinned, Amber wimpered, I knew what was coming, my father kissed Amber, although she tried to keep away, he kept her in a iron grasp. I wished she had just let him kiss her, then he wouldn't have done what he did next. Angered by the fact that he wasn't getting the satisfaction he needed, my father raised his fist, it looked like he was going to punch Amber, but instead he brought his fist right into the middle of her stomach. Amber cried out in pain as he continued to beat her, he started kicking now, causing her to fall to the floor, her hands wrapped around her now distorted belly. Un-able to get to his un-born child, Vernon started kicking Amber in the face, blood spread all over the floor, a tiny trickle found it's way over to my feet and I could bear it no longer. Grabbing the closest object to me, I picked it up and ran with it, my father didn't have a chance to react as I brought the heavy wooden walking stick, down on the back of his skull. My father fell to the floor, splinters of the wood stuck in his head, in amongst his balding hair, Amber shrieked as more blood circled my ankles, but this time it was from my own father, but I couldn't stop myself, all the anger flooded at as I attacked my father, bashing him on the sides as he tired to grab at my ankles, to pull me down so that he could get attack me to. \"I hate you, you fucking perverted bastard!\" I shouted, kicking him one last time, but this time in the face. I heard his nose splinter. That's when I stopped, he wasn't moving, nor was Amber, but I knew she was concious, I couldn't say the same for my father. I wasn't thinking straight, but I helped Amber up, who was clearly greatfull for me saving her from a fate that might have been her own in only a matter of time, but also scared, she had seen what I could do and the look on my face would be enough to scare anyone. I lead Amber to her own room and helped her lye back on the bed, I then called for Rosalina to come help the poor girl, but I didn't stay any longer, kissing Amber on the forehead I whispered \"I'm sorry\" and ran away. I searched my room, collecting all the nescarry stuff: my coat and jumper, the camera I had been given only the day before, a photo of me and my grandmother(when I had only been seven years old), a torch, a purse full of about £40, a small pocket knife, a bottle of water and a breakfast bar I had saved from the plane and last of all, I placed the small golden necklace around my neck, I placed the envelope underneath my shirt and walked over to the window. It was a small journey down, from my window to the ground, first I had to climb along the roof that hung above the door, then on to my mother's and what use to be my father's balcony and then a quick slippery climb down the drain pipe and I was away.[Chapter 11] As soon as I was on the ground, I started running, my bag was firmly on my back and I was wearing my old green converses. I ran through the garden, sticking to the darkest parts, under tress, near hedges, I even ducked underneath a table just so that the cameras wouldn't be able to pick me out. Even if they did, one I get on the road it wont matter, no cameras there, just hundreds of animals watching me leave my old life for ever! I ran along the road, keeping to the side, so that a passing car wouldn't run me over, I then took a short cut through a near by field, which brought me out onto a widder road, this is when I stopped running, if anyone realised I had dissapeared, it would take them longer to find me if I went this way. I breathed in and out quickly, regaining my breathe, my mind was spinning round, full of images of what had just happened, my father beating Amber, me attacking my father with the walking stick and last of all, just the pool of blood, a deep crimson red, that smelt of iron, that swam around my feet. I had killed someone, or at least hurt them badly and that person was my father, but for some reason the only guilt I was feeling, was that I hadn't helped Amber sooner, why had I waited so long? My father could have caused Amber to have a misscarriage, to loose the baby, maybe she already has. And what about my mother, she may have hated her husband deeply, but she still loved him, that's why she has put up with him all these years. Ameythst also loved her father, he treated her like a princess most of the time, she was his shinning gem, his prize posession, well apart from the booze and his money and even Andy loved him a little bit, he had been our father's only son and had been brought up to be a proper gentlemen. My father had loved them all, except me, he had never shown me any compassion any sense of loving me, he didn't even compliment me when I passed my mock GCSE's with flying colours. Maybe that was why I felt no love for him either, but the thought of those that I actually loved, even just a little bit. Hating me for what I had just done, made me cry by the side of the road. After a while I found the right spot, it was near a huge pond and hundreds of large umbrella like trees hid me from the view of those who might be up in the air. The sky was dark now and I had settled myself underneath a old oak tree, the branches kept the rain from touching my frozen skin, I just shivered, wishing I had brought more layers. I looked up at the sky and remembered the night I had shared with Dwayne, when we had shared our first kiss, was he looking up the stars? where they the same stars that had shone so brilliantly that night? And would he ever forgive me for what I had done? My eyes were swollen with tears, they stung painfully, causing me to cry even more, an owl hooted far away and it reminded me of how alone I was right now and how I would probably be alone for the rest of my life. Delving into my bag, I brought out all the items I cared for so dearly, I stroked them all and then hugged them tight to my chest, never wanting to let go, then I had an idea. Pulling out the camera I turned the setting to video and set it in front of me, making sure that on the screen, you could see my face, I smiled and pressed the recording button. \"Hello, my name is Maria Anderson, I am recording this so that if it is found, the people I care about, will know how deeply I care for them. First Mother and Ameythst, although you both drive me up the wall sometimes, wait should I say that, how do I delete, oh never mind, where was I, oh yeah and I know I drive you up the wall and many a time I feel like such an out sider that I feel that I was adopted into your family, I love you dearly, because when you do show just a little bit of emotion you always show me you care just a little. Next is Andy, I hope you and Monica are happy together and live a great life, wow cheesy, but it's true and what I really hope for is that you have lots of children, that you will love and care for and wont treat like dirty pests, I love you both and I hope that you survive your marriage life with no complications at all, although I wouldn't tell Mrs Shipton about my little incident, her eye balls would fall out of their sockets, hahaha, anyway, I love you. Thirdly, Mr.H and Rosalina, your really great friends and I hope that one day you will forgive me for what I have done, although I know you both don't really like my father, you both have hearts of gold and will immediately pitty him. Fourthly, Amber, I've already said I'm sorry, but I want to say it again, I'm sorry I didn't come and help you quicker, I'm sorry I hurt father in front of you, because I know that you loved him dearly, even if he did abuse you and I really really hope! That your baby will be alright. Fifthly, the Hoover family, you are the best people in the world! I'm sorry I wasn't able to return your hospitality and I will miss you all dearly, specially you Olive, I want you to keep on dancing, on and on! You here me. Lastly, Dwayne, I love.\" The camera started beeping and when I looked at it, a little flashing light showed me that I had no memory left, I sighed, placed the camera back in the bag and walked far of into the night. It was raining harder then before, by the time I had reached the destination, I didn't have a clue where it was, but I knew it was the kind of place I needed. I placed the bag by the side of the pond and then walked in, the bottom of the pond was deep and muddy and it was hard to see into the dark blue water, it reminded me of a dream I had, had, but I couldn't remember anything else. I had done this once before, but thise time I knew what I had done wrong, why I hadn't succeded. This time I would be able to do it with out being interrupted. When I got to the deepest part, I delved my hand into my pocket and pulled out the small pocket knife, flipping the sharpest knife out, I pushed the blade against the veins in my wrist and watched as the blood splurted out, little trickles leaving red stains down my arm, the pain was exrucianting, but at least it blocked out the horrible images swimming around in my brain, lying back, I let the blood spill into the midnight water, the pain washed over me, sticking into me like a million needles, I closed my eyes and thought back at all the good moments in my life, but after a while the images drained away and all I could see, was black. *Is it the end? Or not? Guess your gonna have to wait to find out =D *[Chapter 12] \"Maria, Maria, can you hear me?\" The lids of my eyes felt like they had weights attached to them, I could barely lift them, try as I might. The world around me was completley black, but I could feel soft sheets wrapped round my body, a low throbbing pain penetrated my soul, was this death? Suddenly someone started stroking my forehead, their hands were cool against my burning skin, a short stab of pain in my wrist, electricuted me awake, I screamed out and my eyes opened, just for a moment and the bright light blinded me. Pulling the pillows over my head, I tried to stop concentrating on the terrible pain, when a calm voice broke into my mind \"Maria, please listen to me, can you look at me, please?\" it was Dwayne! Pushing the pillow aside, I slowly opened each eye, millimetre by millimetre, until I was able to stare into the gorgeous dark eyes of Dwayne Hoover, he smiled and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me towards him, I tucked my head under his chin and cuddled up to him, Dwayne just laughed \"your hair's tickiling me\" that made my cheeks flare up even more, I tried to pull away, but Dwayne kept me close to him and started kissing the top of my head. I don't know how long I spent in his arms, I felt so safe and happy, but as my eyes opened more and more, I started to remember what had happened that horrible night by the lake, looking at my wrists, I noticed new bandages had been placed around and a small tube ran underneath it, the tube was attached to a bag full of blood. \"Dwayne, what happened? how are you here?\" Dwayne finally loosend his grip on me and gently placed me back on the pillow, I starred up at him and his eyes were suddenly full of sorrow. \"Oh Maria, I was hoping you wouldn't remember, but I guess someone has to tell you. What do you remember?\" \"Amber, my father, oh Dwayne I don't want to remember!\" I burried my heads in my hands, tears seeped through the thin material of my hospital gown \"I killed my father.\" Dwayne hugged me, but this time, it was comforting \"don't worry Maria, your father isn't dead, he did loose a lot of blood and his skull was damaged pretty badly but you only knocked him out and Amber is fine, although, I can't say the same for the baby, two days after the accident, she had a misscarriage. It was horrible for her, but she didn't really want the baby, so it had it's advantages.\" Eventhough my father was alive, I couldn't help being angry, I thought I'd got rid of him and I still hadn't stopped Amber from getting hurt badly. Dwayne noticed my dissapiontment and stroked my cheek \"Maria, your family still love you, you may not believe it, but it's true, their trying to understand what you did and I don't think they'll feel any different about you\" \"I hope your right.\" I whispered, I knew Andy would understand, but Mum and Ameythst surely wouldn't, they had loved Dad, even if he had treated them like shit, they didn't love me, well not very much. \"Ah Miss Anderson, nice to see your awake, Mr Hoover hasn't left your side for the past couple of days, he flew over as soon as we told him\" I starred at Dwayne in astonishment, I knew I loved him more then anything in the world, but I never knew he was that commited to me, I wanted to kiss him and never let go, but the doctor stopped me from doing anything that was at all like that, so instead I held his hand and squeezed it tight, he smiled and winked at me \"I wanted to see you, even if you were in a coma\" \"I was in a coma?\" I asked, looking back at the doctor, who was now checking my chart \"yes, you lost quite a lot of blood, but you should be better in a few days, although you wont be able to be left alone, in case you try to commit suicide again, I'm sorry\" she did actually look sorry, so I smiled at her \"no it's fine.\" After a while the doctor left, leaving me and Dwayne alone. \"I'm so glad your aright\" Dwayne said He was sitting on the bed with me, he was cuddling me to his chest, it was such a blessing to feel his body against mine again, to hear his heart beat and feel his breath against my skin, even his voice sounded like an angel talking. He was burying his head into the top of my hair, from the way he spoke, it sounded like he was on ther verge of tears I turned to look at his face, his lovely, handsome face. I stroked his jaw with my thumb, I leaned up to kiss his lips, Dwayne smiled and leaned down to meet me. I almost sighed at the feel of him kissing me, as our mouths moved together, fitted around each other like jigsaw pieces. His lips were soft as silk and felt as warm as sitting next to a fire. \"I love you\" I whispered, as we stopped kissing, it wasn't as passionate as our one in my room and not as magical as the first one in his garden. But this one was more loving then any of the others and made my whole body feel warm and happy. \"I know\" Dwayne said, smirking \"Your not suppose to say that idiot\" I said, hitting him playfully on the chest Dwayne grabbed my hand and held it up to his face, his breath sent small shivers down my arm and into my body, I can't believe such a tiny thing would do this to me, I never believed you could feel this way, all the way through my life. All I've ever seen was my parents hating each other for fifteen years and then I met Dwayne and a whole new world was opened up to me. Dwayne kissed my hand and then pressed it against his heart \"you know I love you\" he said quietly. I felt a smile creep along my face. I leaned back against his chest, savouring every momment. \"I missed you so much Maria, you can't do that to me again\" \"I had to leave you, I can't live with you every second Dwayne, as much as I would like to, there's just no way\" \"That would be a dream to live with you Maria, but I wasn't talking about that, please look at me Maria\" I turned to look at him, he looked very serious, but when I looked into his eyes properly, I could see that mostly he was incredibly worried and sad. I had really hurt him by trying to kill myself, I was trying to stop the pain, but I hadn't thought about how it would cause him so much pain. \"I promise\" Dwayne smiled slightly, \"thank you, I can't loose you Maria, I just can't\" as he said this, a tear which I think he'd been holding back for a while, dripped down his cheek and onto his t-shirt. I can't see him like this, it rips my heart apart, it hurts more then the blade did as it tore through my skin. I placed my hands on both sides of his face, leaning my forehead against his, I looked into his gorgeous brown eyes, my lips only a few centimeters away from his. \"You will never loose me, because I would rather die then be away from you. You're the best thing in my life\" Dwayne smiled and pulled my head towards his, filling the gap. As soon as we had touched lips, electric currents shot through my mind. I wrapped one arm around his neck, since one of them was still attached to the blood supply. Dwayne smirked and wraped an arm around my waist, so that I could be even closer to him. His chest pressed against mine, our heart beats, beated together, creating a perfect melody. \"Oh Maria..\" Dwayne sighed, caressing my face, he bit down gently on my bottom lip. As I let out a quiet moan, Dwayne slipped his tongue into my mouth, I let it explore every part of it. He licked the roof of my mouth, then moving to soften the inside of my cheek, every crevice was touched. The bit I enjoyed the most, was when his tongue collided with mine, they twisted and turned together. Half like a battle and half like dance. I moaned into his mouth, my fingers intwined into his soft black hair. \"Excuse me Miss Andrews, but it's time you got some rest, Mr Hoover can go and have some dinner, I'm sure he hasn't eaten in at least a day\" We both sprung apart at the sound of the doctors voice, Dwayne straightend out his hair and wipped his mouth. \"Urmm yeah, sounds good\" he mumbled, nodding in the direction of the doctor, she didn't seem very impressed, I guess waking up from a coma and then in only a matter of minutes your making out, isn't the best thing to do, but after the feelings I just got, I don't care at all. \"I'll come back as soon as you've had some rest\" he said, kissing me on the forehead and slidding out of bed. He walked out the room, the doctor watching his every move. I couldn't help, but smile secretly to myself as the doctor checked the monitor and all the rest of the electronic things that you get in a hospital. I could feel her watching me, out of the corner of her eye. \"You really scared everyone you know?\" she said after a while. I turned to look at her, she was sitting down on a small plastic chair, a chart resting on her lap. \"I know I did\" I couldn't look at her for very long, she had a very sour face. \"Oh I don't think you do, you might have seen how Mr Hoover felt about it, during your little….momment, but you have yet to see your mother and sister, oh and your brother was here a couple days ago.\" \"Andy's here! And my mother and Ameythst! They're all here?\" I was sitting up now, I wanted her to tell me everything, all the news of my family while I've been in the coma. \"Their all staying in a hotel near by, they've been waiting for you to wake up for almost a month. You should have seen them, they were all in tears, especially your mother.\" \"My mother?\" \"Yes your mother, she was by your bedside for a whole week, she only left to eat and go to the toilet\" \"That doesn't sound like her\" I was really just saying it to myself, but she heard me quite clearly. \"She loves you, you're her daughter\" \"I guess\" I mumbled, fingering the bandages on my wrists, they felt alien to me, even though I've had them before. The last time I'd tried to…kill myself, I'd been in my bathroom with my razor, I had pulled out the blades and held at least three of them to the skin. I can see myself so clearly, crying bucket loads, god my life was so shit, it's always been horrible, no wonder I've tried to commit suicide twice, the ony good thing is Dwayne and he's not gonna be around me 24/7. He has to go back home and I have to stay here. \"How was I found\" I asked suddenly, I had been thinking about it since the momment I woke up, but Dwayne being here had pushed it out my mind, I had just remembered as the doctor was leaving the room. \"The young girl, Amber, she told the staff about what had happened, then when they went to check on you, they found you missing. They had to get the police to help search, apparantly they were using helicopters and everything just to find you. One found you a little while later, the current of the water had drifted you nearer to the side. You were a very lucky girl to be found, another hour and you wouldn't be with us.\" With that she left, I must say she wasn't a very compassionate doctor. thank you so much for all the reviews, their really encouraging and I love reading them![Chapter 13] Thanks so much for all the reviews, keep them coming, I love to read them and I'll work harder to get the next chapter out. Watched Little Miss Sunshine today, best film ever! At twelve, Dwayne came back, carrying a tray full of hospital food, a turkey sandwich, an apple and a bottle of water. \"Thanks Dwayne\" I said, sitting up properly, as he pulled up a chair to the bed. \"my pleasure\" he said pecking me on cheek, but he didn't pull his head back, instead he moved his head so that his lips were almost touching my ear. \"I brought this for us to share, I had to hide it because the doctor was giving me evils when I came back\" he whispered, pulling a small bag of chocolate buttons from behind his back. \"Yipee!\" I squealed, clapping my hands and jumping up and down. Dwayne laughed and pushed me back against the pillow \"calm down, we don't want the doctor to hear you\" \"Fine, fine, now hand me that sandwich, I'm starving!\" I said, grabbing the block of white bread and meat. I must have lost so much weight being in the coma. My stomach was completely flat and my wrists looked like they would snap at any moment. At least the tubes had been taken away. Now I only had the bandages to remind me of my suicidal moment. \"wow\" Dwayne gasped as I devoured the food he had brought me \"god I must look like such a pig\" I said, finally stopping for a second to look at the crumbs, apple core and empty bottle left on the tray after only a few minutes. \"no of course you don't, you haven't eaten properly in ages and anyway I like the fact that you actually eat\" he said, smirking. \"Still got room for a little sweetness\" Dwayne laughed, waving the packet in front of my eyes. \"oh you bet\" I said snatching it out of his hand. Dwayne grinned as I tore open the packet, I popped one quickly into my mouth and then slowly pulled one out and held in front of his lips. \"Do you want it Dwayne?\" I said as sexily as I could \"oh yes\" I smiled as he opened up his mouth, slowly I placed it on his tongue. Dwayne closed his lips quickly around my fingers, his tongue stroked them slightly, before letting me withdrew them. \"your such a tease\" he whispered, feeding me one, I smirked and licked the button and his finger, before taking it into my mouth. Dwayne made a quiet moaning sound. I couldn't help myself, I leant forward and kissed his lips, tasting the chocolate lingering in his mouth. \"your so amazing Dwayne Hoover\" I murmered. Dwayne grinned and kissed my forehead \" and your beautiful and funny and clever and absoultely fucking perfect.\" \"language\" I teased, popping in another chocolate button into my mouth, he smiled and took a second one. Dwayne stayed with me for hours, he even fell asleep with his head resting on my shoulder. Andrew came visit quickly earlier on, before going back to England. He said he understood and he didn't hate me, he was just happy I was alive. Although when he saw Dwayne sitting next to my bed, practically on the bed with me. He got all protective, but I think he likes Dwayne. They had a conversation about literature, while I almost fell asleep from boredom. Not surprisingly my mother and Ameythst hadn't come to visit us yet, I don't think they wanted to see me, until they had to. When I was able to leave the hospital and go home. Fathers not gonna be there, he's going to court after getting out of hospital, for rape and assault. I might get let off for hurting him, because I was defending Amber. Although this does mean I'm going to have to go to court and tell the judge all about what my father did. Which I am not looking forward to, at all. \"I'm going to miss you so much!\" Dwayne groaned. He was helping me pack, I was well enough to go home and school was going to start soon so Dwayne had to return to his home and family. I was putting away all the items I'd brought when I was running away, while Dwayne was dealing with my clothes, well the small amount that my mum had brought over to the hospital. \"I'm gonna miss you too\" I said, placing my camera(by the way Dwayne was the only one who saw it, he said it was so sweet and he almost cried, I mean he was in tears, like a baby, bless his gorgeous heart.) in one of the bags provided. I suddenly felt Dwayne wrap his arms around my waist and place his chin on my shoulder, I would miss this more then anything, just the feel of him around me, it would be months before I saw him again, I bet. I felt the tears welling up, when for some reason I heard Dwayne laughing into my hair. \"What's so funny?\" I said angrily Dwayne turned me round to face him, he was grinning, a real toothy grin, from ear to ear. This pissed me off slightly, but mostly I was confused, I thought we were having a lovey dovey moment. \"So, what the hell are you laughing at?\" I said, poking him in the chest. \"Because this whole time, I've been holding onto these\" he brought his hand up in front of my face, so that I could stare straight at them. My mouth dropped wide open \"Dwayne give them back\" I snarled as he made the silk purple polka dot pants, dance around my head. Dwayne winked as he slipped the knickers into one of his pockets. \"Dwayne give them back, now!\" \"You want them, come get them\" he whispered, jumping back so that he was out of reaching distance. I lunged at Dwayne, but he started skipping around the room, so I had to run after him, looking like an idiot. He slid underneath the bed and over the table. I finally got so angry, that I suddenly leaped off the sofa I was standing on, onto Dwayne's back. I tackled him to the floor, my hands searching around inside his many pockets, feeling around for my underwear. Suddenly my leg pushed against Dwayne's groin, as I froze, Dwayne let out a moan, he almost collapsed backwards. I had to push him onto the bed quickly so that he wouldn't crack his head on the floor. I pulled my knickers out and slipped them into the clothes bag. I went to sit down next to him, he was lying down slightly, his legs hanging off the bed \"woah\" he gasped, turning to face me \"urmm, yeah\" that was all I could say. Of course I know one day I'll be more sexual with Dwayne, sometimes I think I want it right there and then, but for some reason I was scared and since I'd never done anything like that before, I was sure I'd be rubbish at it and make a fool of myself. \"Are you ok?\" he said sitting up properly. He was holding me like a baby in only seconds. I curled up and leant against him, enjoying the safety and warmth that I felt. \"Yeah, I guess\" Dwayne turned my head slowly, just starring at me, the corners of his mouth turned down. \"No your not, what's the matter, is it because of the knickers? Or because of what happened on the floor? Or something else? Please tell me\" \"I can't, it's too embarrassing\" \"Fine, but you know you can always talk to me, about anything.\" I finally looked at Dwayne and I could see that he clearly meant what he said, I was the luckiest person ever to have him as my boyfriend. \"I know, I love you\" \"I love you too\" he said, nuzzling the top of my head as I kissed his neck in the exact spot I knew he liked. \"Now how about we get back to work?\" I nodded and jumped off his lap, walking back to the suitcase and returning to the job. I know that one day I will go further with Dwayne, but right now I'm happy with the way things are. ","Summary":" \"Oh Maria, Maria! Hand Amethyst her hairbrush!\" It started in the third little miss sunshine comp"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Talk to Me","Author":"sky-fei","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9689528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I am completely redoing this story. I still like the idea of it, but I wrote this two years ago, and I realize that this could be changed to be much, much better. I've even changed the OC's name and some minor things about her! This is all as a warning in case you are a new reader, and end up on a later chapter that has not been updated yet. I will be putting a note at the beginning of each updated chapter, and I hope you enjoy! What's even in New Mexico? Nothing. So why did you transfer here of all the God forsaken places on planet Earth? I scribbled on a piece of paper, handing it to my mother as they pulled out of the airport. Irene glanced down at the note. \"It was the furthest place away from that man and I've always wanted to come here.\" I've never heard you bring up New Mexico once. \"Am I supposed to tell you every little thing I've ever thought, Ms. Adams?\" She asked smartly. I shook my head, casually rolling my eyes to watch the mountains they passed by. \"You know, you're going to have to talk at this new school. You can't answer teachers without speaking.\" I can write. The sentence had a few different meanings, which my mother quickly deciphered. \"No, you can't. Maybe on the side, but do something productive with your life, not…that.\" She spat. The rest of the ride went on in silence. \"We're not talking about this again for a long time, alright, Nathalie?\" She breathed as we pulled in. Rolling my eyes, I pushed the blue door open. A puff of heat hit my square in the face as I stepped out into the sun. Dragging my feet to the back of the car and behind the trailer that was barely filled with our old things I grabbed the first three boxes labeled 'NAT', and with a little difficulty opened the door and carefully made my way up the stairs. Finally, I found a large room with a semi-fantastic view. \"NAT, IF YOU FIND TWO ROOMS UPSTAIRS YOU WANT YOU CAN USE ONE AS A MUSIC AND DRAWING ROOM, OKAY?!\" My mother called, but I was already beaming. Maybe New Mexico was lame as hell, but this house was nice. \"AS LONG AS YOU KEEP BOTH ROOMS CLEAN!\" Irene added. I ran back downstairs to help her unpack the rest of the boxes. Even between running around the entire place and trying to memorize it I didn't notice all of our living room furniture was already there, brought in by the movers before we had even arrived. It was hours of me being silent and her humming some out of tune made-up song. When we were done she left without a word to return the trailer and hopefully buy some groceries while I stayed and unpacked. DING! The shrill doorbell rung, making me almost drop the painting I had been carefully hanging on the wall. As slowly as possible I made my way to the door. Oh man, do we have those happy-go-lucky neighbors who created the Welcome Wagon? Nobody stops by their neighbor's house anymore do they? Did I even have neighbors before? They were so old maybe they died...Am I about to be murdered? After peaking through the window and realizing that it wasn't old people or a creep I set my hand on the knob. I slowly opened the door to a slightly frazzled looking blonde woman and pulled a post-it pad out of my back pocket. Standing in front of her was a cute blonde girl with thick glasses and a tall, pouty looking boy with black hair that fell into his eyes. \"Hello, I'm Sheryl, you're neighbor. This is Olive, and this is Dwayne.\" She didn't seem overly peppy. That was good. \"Is your mother home?\" No, she'll be back in about 5 minutes. \"Oh,\" she looked down at the note, not completely fazed, \"Okay, we can sit outside. Can you speak or are just…?\" I just don't. \"O.K.\" She didn't seem to mind. As they sat on the porch, Sheryl spoke again. \"Sorry, I didn't ask; what's your name?\" Nathalie Adams. \"Nathalie?\" You say it the same way as Natalie, my parents just wanted to be different. \"Oh, that's a pretty name. So why don't you talk, Nathalie?\" Olive plopped down next to me on the edge of the porch giggling a little, dangling her legs over the side. My parents don't want me to be a writer; they said I shouldn't have a voice in the matter of knowing what I really want so I decided to not. The little girl carefully read the paper. \"Dwayne is kind of like that, aren't you?\" She called over to Dwayne. He slowly turned his head toward the two of us and shrugged. \"He doesn't talk either, but it's only until he becomes a pilot one day, right, Dwayne?!\" She called to him again. This time he looked at them and nodded. \"He's really smart, he just doesn't let people know. So do you want to write books?\" I guess…I'd write anything really. Novels, short stories, screenplays, poetry, and I'd even be an editor if it paid. \"What's a screenplay?\" Movie or T.V. Script. Before anyone else could speak Irene pulled into the driveway. She stepped out of the car and running a hand through her gray roots. The day before she had just been complaining to me that she needed to redye her once auburn hair. \"Nat…?\" She looked to me, slightly concerned but mostly confused. \"Hello, would you happen to be our neighbors?\" She asked politely, one of those fake smiles plastered to her lips. \"Yes, I'm Sheryl. Nice to meet you…?\" \"Irene,\" they shook, \"You've already met Natalie.\" \"Yes, this is Olive and Dwayne.\" \"Well, would you like to stay with us for dinner?\" I shot a look at her, pleading for her to take it back. They didn't seem like an unfriendly family, but to just invite a family over for dinner was way out of the norm for her. \"Um, maybe,\" she seemed a bit surprised. \"Oh, and don't be offended by Nat. She doesn't talk to punish me and…and her father.\" The woman stuttered on the word. I don't think Bill really cares whether I talk to him or not. \"Yes, he does. He didn't like it when you decided to do this.\" Anything annoys that man. \"It's not an annoyance it's…\" she looked politely at the Hoover family, \"We'll talk about it later.\" Later is never going to come, I rolled my eyes and stood examining the old porch. There were little knots in the wood, and faded blue paint that was chipped almost all of the way off. The way that they were curled up they looked like little waves crashing down on an ocean. \"Eh, that one doesn't talk too much either.\" A bit awkwardly the family walked into our home. Dwayne lingered in the door while Olive jumped into the hall and peeked around the first corner to look into the living room. Sheryl stood across from Irene just past the entrance with her arms crossed. It felt like an infiltration of privacy. We had only been living here an hour, and there were already three people I barely knew, and barely wanted to inside of my house. As the mothers began telling their stories of divorce and difficult teenagers, I made my way up the stairs to unpack my things. At least it would get me away from the people and mom conversations for a few moments. \"…Maybe I shouldn't have let her get those purple streaks in her hair, gave her too much of a sense of independence.\" My mother joked. I stopped short on the stairs and scrawled one big, messy word. Lavender. \"Sorry,\" she answered sarcastically, \"Lavender, I'm kidding we had some big long discussion about purple and lavender, and anyway,\" she spouted off to Sheryl. \"Are you unpacking?\" Irene called up to me. I kneeled on the steps and nodded, tapping my head lightly on the banister. \"Okay, anyway…\" \"Dwayne, why don't you help her?\" There was a silent battle between mother and son. \"I'll take you to visit whatever school or place you want.\" She relinquished at last. His shoulders came up and down as if he was heaving a sigh and he trudged up the stairs. I more than a bit annoyed with his middle school type of fighting with his mother. It wasn't as if I had asked him to help, and unpacking a couple of boxes wouldn't kill him anyhow. Once I found which blank white door was to my bedroom, I took out notepad again. You don't have to help if you don't want to. He looked at the paper and shook his head, taking the pad and pencil from me. I'm not a complete asshole. She just wanted me out of the room. Schools for what? For being a pilot. I smiled at the paper and tossed it onto one of the smaller boxes. It wasn't the type of thing I had expected him to be into, it was interesting. Rummaging around the backpack that had been tossed into another corner I looked for a box cutter we had brought along. Without a word (of course) we both began picking up and emptying boxes. I wasn't sure how much time had passed. I could still hear my mother's obnoxious laugh downstairs every few moments, so I knew that maybe Sheryl hadn't grown tired of her yet. When we were finally done, he pointed toward the pile of blankets on the naked mattress. After noticing his expression I picked up the pad. I don't have a bed frame. They take up too much space. He just slowly nodded, but still looked skeptical. I motioned for him to follow her to the room across the hall while jotting down on the pad. Don't help me in here. Sorry it's just music things, and art supplies. I trust you, but it's easier if I just put it where it needs to go so it takes less time. He nodded once and plopped down in the corner of the room. I looked around, tearing open the box with my electric piano and the one with my melodica. In all honesty I had bought the melodica as a joke, and still barely played it. It felt like another hour before I was done getting everything else into place. His eyes examined everything in the room to carefully. It felt like I was getting picked apart. Nothing was personal or that I had done, that was all in a folder that hadn't been opened yet. It was just the way he looked at everything made me feel vulnerable. Controlling myself and getting my heartbeat down to a rate that couldn't be heard on the outside, I walked to the door with hopes that he would look away from my paints and papers for enough time to notice I was leaving. I let my hand touch the blank walls of the narrow, white hallway. Everything was so bland in this house. It was like an empty shell. In a way I suppose that's how new houses are supposed to be. You are meant to fill it up with your things, not just inherit the personality from the people before you. Still, it didn't even smell like anything in the house yet. Not even some cheap ass vanilla air freshener that all houses for sale smell like. When I got about halfway down the steps I froze, and nearly slipped down the rest of the uncovered wood. Dwayne had stopped short behind me thankfully. I looked over the railing, there was another new person here. It was a man who looked Sheryl's age. Probably her husband, I thought. I felt a small prod between my shoulder blades. Even if I didn't know this person it was obvious that he had been welcomed into my house, and therefore couldn't be too much of threat. Though I didn't like the idea of having to wave hello to another stranger I could tell the Dwayne was annoyed, and I couldn't stand on the steps until the guy left. The adults were too in conversation to pay attention to us slowly tiptoe down the steps. My mom was loudly introducing herself, and talking about me and our past life again to this new guy. Turning away as soon as I reached the base of the steps I stepped out of the door. Olive was sitting on the porch steps with her chin resting in her palms. It was funny how much she looked like her mother. I was personally amazed that her and Dwayne were even a little related. I doubted that she would turn into a sulky mope by the time she turned sixteen, or however old her was. Dwayne gently pushed past me while I crouched to sit beside her. He took a few steps away from the house to sit cross-legged on the sidewalk. \"You should come over to our house sometime.\" I cocked an eyebrow at her. \"You could come over now.\" Honestly I didn't normally like kids, but she seemed so honest. She reminded me a nerdy, little sunshine with her super wide grin and golden hair. I took a deep breath in, almost letting out a loud sigh, and reached into my pocket for the green post-it pad. Sure. \"Alright! C'mon let's go!\" Her hand wrapped around my wrist and I was off my feet in an instant. As we jogged past Dwayne my foot caught on his knee. I tried to give him a small smile, and shrug, but it was a little difficult to multitask if I'm being honest. Once we were in the door she spouted off. \"I'm going to be in beauty paegents. I just think that they're really fun, and I really want to do it for a long time. I'm really excited, and I think I might get into one that's in California. It looks really fun. My grandfather told me he was going to teach me how to dance, so I think I might do that. There's probably a talent portion. I don't like the makeup too much, but it looks nice so...\" She took a deep breath in, and stopped to turn around just as Dwayne walked in and went straight for the stairs. \"Your hair kind of looks like coffee, but I think the purple is pretty. I don't know if my mom or dad would let me dye my hair. Would you make it all purple?\" Well it is dyed all over right now. \"Oh! What color is it usually?\" She asked excitedly. I had almost forgotten how kids thought dyed hair was so much fun. Really, really dark brown. Almost black I think. \"Where did you live before you moved?\" Olive asked as she led me into the living room. She sat on the old couch, and patted a seat beside her. I wrote as I sat down. A place called Ellington, it's in New York. \"Ooh, is that near New York City?\" She was almost bouncing up and down in her seat. I shook my head with hopes that her expectations wouldn't be crushed. No, sorry, I live right on the New York-Pennsylvania state line. I'm about five or so hours away from the city, but I have been there a couple of times. \"Oh…but that's still pretty neat. You moved really far away then, huh?\" I nodded slowly offering up a tight lipped smile. I didn't want to complain to her, and there were very few other ways I could explain the situation. She seemed smart and barely sheltered, but it wasn't something you just thrust upon some kid you met half and hour ago. \"Dwayne took a vow of silence too. He wants to be a test pilot, I think.\" Neat. \"How old are you?\" 16 \"Then I think you'll be in the same grade as him. Maybe below, I can't remember. Do you like him?\" He seems nice, but I don't know too much about him so I couldn't say. \"Do you like me?\" I do, you're a pretty cool kid honestly. She nodded slowly, and then looked surprised as if she forgot something. \"I'll be right back!\" I pulled my feet onto the couch, hugged my legs to my chest, and pulled out my phone. For a minute I stared at the grainy pictures I had taken right before I left. I hadn't really enjoyed my old town, but I had it wasn't as if I was a total loner. I won't make any friends being the weird, silent girl. I looked down at my shirt. It was an old one with a single pink hedgehog on the front. I was wearing paint-spattered shorts that had once been mom jeans. There could be other reasons I would have trouble making friends. When I heard footsteps rushing down the hallway I shoved my phone under my leg, and put my feet on the floor. Olive rushed in with Dwayne trailing behind her. She grabbed my hand, and led me around a corner to the brightly lit kitchen. I was pushed into a seat at their table. \"So are you going to go to our school? There's only week left, but I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you came.\" I shook my head. How are they still in school? \"Why not?\" She pouted. I finished up my school year, besides I'm not enrolled yet. \"Oh, okay.\" She shrugged and began flipping through a beauty magazine that had been sitting on the counter. Dwayne sat in a seat one away from me. It sounds stupid coming from someone who had taken a vow not to speak, but the silence was truly deafening. I pulled my notepad out again and drew little circles, trying to feel comfortable. It was impossible. Instead I looked around their kitchen, trying to memorize all the little decorations. There was a plant on top of some of cupboards. A couple of cookbooks. A stack of matching bowls and plates. This family appeared much more organized and functional than my own. I crumpled post-it and shoved it into one my shallow pockets. My fingers twirled the pen around before it landed on the paper to write something. I pushed it over to the sulky boy beside me. He had a book in his hands, but it didn't look as if he was actually reading it. Do you want to go to the Air Force Academy? He barely glanced at it before nodding. I thought maybe I should keep asking questions or write something, but nothing came to mind. He was certainly nothing like his sister. I tried not to be offended, but I couldn't help being a little annoyed. It wasn't really his fault. I understood that carrying on a conversation without audible words could be hard, and writing all day could leave your hand in cramps at night, but for gods sake I was trying. Olive piped up again. \"Why wasn't your dad there?\" He's still in New York. They divorced. \"Oh.\" Her eyes flashed between her brother and me for moment. \"I'm really sorry.\" I gave her a soft smile. A million people had said it already, but I still didn't know what to say. My parents hadn't been right for each other from the start. My father was an asshole who could barely cook a microwave meal for himself or do his own laundry. He yelled at my mother for pointless things all the time, and had anger issues. I didn't exactly miss him. It's fine. She only seemed half satisfied with the answer, but didn't say anything else. Her head was already buried in the magazine again. I shrugged, and went back to staring at the pad of paper in front of me. Do you like to read? I swallowed as I pushed the note over to Dwayne. He seemed lost in thought. Only after a couple of painful moment did he look down. His eyes flickered over to me before he looked back at the book in his hands, and nodded at me with a tight awkward half-smile. He lifted the book up a little to motion at it. What are you reading? He set the book down on the table and pushed it into the space between us. Thus Spoke Zarathustra. I nodded slowly, raking my brain. It didn't sound familiar at all, but Friedrich Nietzsche on the other hand... Isn't he that guy that wrote all about how God is dead? Dwayne shrugged, and gave me a partial nod. So sort of. He was sort of the guy that wrote about how God was dead. Cool Maybe he was just being polite, but I appreciated the small smile he had when he looked at my note. Can I read it? He thought for a long time. Honestly I wasn't all that into philosophy books, but it would be good to carry on a conversation- if you could even call our little interaction that- for more than a few moments. With Olive taking a quick liking to me I figured I might be spending a little more time than I had really any burning desire to with the Hoover's. At this point I wasn't sure whether that was a good or a bad thing. Thank you so much for reading! I hope you liked it (I like this more than the first one for sure) and thanks again. Please review and tell me what you think![Chapter 2] \"SERA, WAKE UP!\" Irene called with a toothbrush in her mouth. The half-asleep teenager rolled over in her bed to look at a cat clock. 8:53. It was way too early to wake up at this ungodly hour during summer. Her mother popped her head into the bedroom. \"Okay, just making sure you were still alive. You should really go over to the Hoover's again, Sheryl said you don't even need to ask to come over any more. Olive and…and what's-his-name?\" Hurriedly, Sera scribbled on her hand, sitting up on her bed. Dwayne. \"Oh, yes, of course. Well they both love spending time with you. Sheryl said she even thought that Dwayne might like you.\" The forty-some-year-old woman sounded like a school girl. It was painful for her daughter to listen to. \"Besides, she said she wanted to see your new haircut.\" It's just a bob. She picked up her pad of paper. \"Why are you arguing with me? You love going over to their house!\" She sounded disappointed. I'm not arguing. Just saying… As she walked out of the door, she stuffed the notebook in her drawstring bag. She had gotten her hair cut only a few days ago. It had simply been cut into what was said above; a soft, wavy bob. Her hair hadn't been shorter than the bottom of her neck in a while. The first thing she noticed was the amount of noise that seemed to come from the Hoover residence. It was more than Richard's average rants and Olive's excited voice. \"Mom! I think Sera is here!\" The door swung open to an excited looking blonde girl. \"Sera!\" She bear hugged the older girl and led her into the already familiar house. She skipped up the steps to her bedroom. \"I just entered the Little Miss Sunshine contest. It's in California, I think, I and really hope I get in. I mean, I think I will, but I don't know.\" She took a gigantic breath in. There was a knock on the door. Calm down and breathe. Sera leaned against the wall closest to the door. \"Come in!\" Olive called. The door swung quickly swung open, and Sera was caught behind it. She handle hit her ribs, while the rest of the door collided with her face and the rest of her body. The person behind it hurriedly shuffled to see what was behind it. Are you okay?! A hurried scribble in pen was thrust into her face. She pushed it aside, glaring at her attacker. She snatched the pen out of his hands. I'm not 'okay', you ass. He smirked at her, snatching the pen back. At least you're not dead, or have a concussion. Damn i— \"Sera, do you need a band aid?!\" Olive gasped. \"There's blood on your head!\" She almost shrieked. \"I…\" she took a deep breath, \"I'll get it.\" No, I'll go down. Just stay up here. You don't like blood anyway, and it's got to be cleaned off. Dwayne shut the door behind them, closing it softly this time. Am I really bleeding? She thought, bringing her hand up to touch the sorer spots of her cheeks. Sure enough there was a little dab of red. I'm not gushing blood, am I? I'm pretty sure you really would've freaked her out if you were. They trotted down the stairs and into the first floor bathroom, where Dwayne pulled out a dusty first-aid kit. The plastic clicked open and he pulled out a medium sized band aid. Then he turned on the water a stuck a nice, small, white towel under the stream of water. He forced Sera to sit on the edge of the tub, carefully patting her face with the towel. She pulled out her notepad, careful not to move her head and to only move her eyes downward to look at the paper. Isn't this going to ruin the towel? He simply shrugged in response, and a calm, focused expression returned to his features. Finally, he knelt in front of her to pat her cheek at a better angle, leaning in a bit to make sure there was nothing in the small scrape. His eyes flicked up to her twice, and the second time they stayed there. He awkwardly half-grinned at her, and abruptly opened the bandage. Being careful and gentle, he pressed it to her cheek and helped her stand from the low tub. The two smiled, both semi-uncomfortable, until Sera pulled her hands away from him and quickly walked out of the room. It could've been more awkward, she said to herself. Sera POV What was that? I ran my fingers through my hair and sat down at the kitchen table while Olive ran up to it. I'm going to go now. I have a migraine, I'm sorry. Tell Dwayne I left. I slipped the note to her and headed for the door. \"Bye, Sera!\" She called as I twisted the handle. Even though she wasn't looking, I turned my head back to nod in her direction. \"What happened to your face?\" I was standing behind a door, and Dwayne swung it open really fast. It scratched my face. I rubbed my sternum; there was definitely a bruise there too. Eh, it wasn't like anyone would see it. \"Oh!\" Mom was surprised. She was surprised easily though. And she wasn't very observant. A lot of the time she barely listened to me. I would say something or answer a question, and ten minutes later she would come crawling back telling me to answer her. Maybe people just lose it after thirty. \"As long as he apologized I guess it doesn't matter. He likes you, I can tell.\" Why don't you focus on your own nonexistent love life before tampering in my imaginary one? I don't want to date anyone, anyway. But as I wrote it, I realized it was cruel and went to crumple it, but before I could she snatched it from me. I ran up to my room before she could scream at me for being a terrible child. She probably wouldn't have, but I figured I'd leave before she thought of what to say. This is insanely short and I'm so, so sorry. I've updated two other stories today, and I'm kind of going insane. I was on vacation all last week, and I've just been plain busy with life and planning some things. (Namely a trip to Europe, figuring out how to fund-raise is kind of a drag). Anyway, I'm just going to update this chapter in a week at the most, so if you see that I haven't posted a new chapter, don't fret, I've simply added to this one. Or do you guys just want me to add another chapter, would just adding to this one be weird or confusing? Tell me in the reviews, and thanks as always![Chapter 3] I felt bad. I felt really, really bad. It was stupid to put that on a piece of paper, even if I hadn't had the full intention of giving it to my mother. For the past two days she had been all passive aggressive toward me, and I hated that. I suppose it wasn't that bad; I just stayed up in my room, re-reading the book that Dwayne had lent me. I think that it was the seventh time I had read it. Every time I found something new, or saw something in a different light. That, and I had read the heck out of the rest of my books. But alas, I figured that I should finally return this piece of art to him before he started missing it or thought that I had lost it. My mother was at work and would be there long into the night. During my short walk to my neighbor's doors I thought of how good of friends I had become with Dwayne in the short amount of time we had been here. I didn't like the weather in Albuquerque, it was too bland and dry for me. Even though I had lived in the middle of nowhere in New York had always been even and nice. None of the seasons were too harsh, and they were all diverse. There was barely a tree in this godforsaken land that was going to turn brown or red or even pink come fall. I knocked on the door twice as loudly as possible. A few seconds later man in a white suit answered the door. \"Hello?\" He asked. I pulled out the pad and jotted down a sentence on it. I'm here to return a book to Dwayne. Is he here? I tried my best at smiling, gently handing the paper to him. \"Yeah, he's here.\" He turned and called something to Sheryl, who sent a very excited looking Olive upstairs. \"I'm Frank, by the way, Dwayne's uncle.\" I'm Séraphie, just the neighbor; it's nice to meet you. \"Your name is French?\" I nodded my head excitedly. \"I believe it comes from the name, or, well, names, Séraphine or Séraphina?\" It was more like he was asking himself, but I nodded still. Before I could write something down or Frank could say anything else, Dwayne was looming in the doorway over his uncle by only a few inches. He nodded once at me as if to say 'Hello'. I nodded back. With a slight sigh, Frank turned and walked around him to Sheryl. Dwayne didn't look happy. I pulled his book out of my bag and softly pushed it into his hands. He still looked upset. Seeing the pad of paper in my hand and the worried expression on my face, he grabbed the paper and pen. We're going to California. Why? Olive has one of her damn beauty pageants there. She was accepted. So you guys have to go? Yeah…it's going to be her, Richard, mom, Richard's idiot father, Frank, and I on a goddamn road trip. We're leaving tomorrow. He was obviously pissed. I didn't ask about the road trip anymore. Why is your uncle with you? He tried to kill himself. I stared at the words on the page in front of me and nodded. Anyway, thanks for the book. I read it a few times, that's why it took so long for me to give it back. And I'm sure something good is going to come out of this trip, maybe. Oh, and tell Olive goodbye for me, I probably won't be awake when you guys leave anyway. As he finished reading, and looked up at me with a slight smile I wrapped my arms around him. It was impulsive and strange. I wasn't all about physical contact, even with friends. At first he hesitated, but just as his arms were about to wrap around me, I pulled away. We were just friends, so there was no reason for the hug to last any longer than that necessary time. I smiled brightly, gave a quick wave and ran off to my own house. I didn't really need to leave, but I wanted to be alone today. I ran into my house, almost wishing I could talk so that I could sing, but quickly pushed the notion aside. Sticking to my vow was important, and had been easy so far. I ran up to my extra room full of instruments and art supplies. I mindlessly sketched, not really paying attention to the circles I was drawing. The circles turned into a head and joints, which turned into the body of a mermaid. Around her grew a cave with a pool that led to the beach. She was sobbing. I didn't know why at first, but by the look of her eyes she was hurt yet had a sickly look of satisfaction. She was gripping a seashell with both hands, cutting through the middle of her tail. She was making legs. Her forehead, slick with sweat and water, was creased, but soft. She had limp, tangled hair that fell to her hips and covered her chest. I don't know why I draw horrific things like that. It's like they form themselves and I'm just there to make them real. They probably all come from some insane part of me that only likes to creep out onto paper. I took a breath after I finished, criticizing it and shutting the book. Stretching, I stood and checked the clock hung over the door. It had taken almost three hours. The rest of the day I didn't really do anything, but write out some ideas I had for stories. I truly lead an exciting life, don't I? Soon enough, I sat down at the computer in our bland living room and messed around for a while until Irene got home. \"What's going on at the Hoover's?\" She asked. Why? \"I don't know, I saw Olive and Sheryl outside with some man dressed all in white. Olive looked excited.\" She got accepted or something to be in this child pageant. It's somewhere in California. \"That's exciting.\" Those pageants are gross. \"Oh, please, if that's what she wants to do then you should be supportive. I'm sure her family is.\" Dwayne and Frank don't seem excited. \"Who's Frank?\" Sorry, he was the guy you saw dressed all in white. He's Sheryl's brother. \"Oh, well what does Richard think about this?\" How should I know? He's kind of a jerk; I usually avoid him when I'm over there. \"Do you avoid him? Or are you too busy kissing his son?\" A: Gross. B: He doesn't have a son. \"But isn't Dwayne…\" Didn't Sheryl tell you about her ex-husband? I've heard you two commiserating about that crap more than once. Dwayne and Olive are half-siblings. \"Oh, I guess I forgot.\" I guess , I thought. She forgot everything, she was hardly the most observant person in any room, and was constantly telling me how millions of guys were totally in love with me. It's like we were from separate planets sometimes. Our overall relationship wasn't that of the stereotypical \"I hate you, Mom,\" stuff, but we didn't always agree. I mean, we weren't really close either; I tried to impress her sometimes, and didn't want her to know everything about me. The one thing I couldn't even comprehend about her was the fact that at any given time she thought that at least two guys liked me. In my whole seventeen years of existence not a single guy had said that he likes me, tried to kiss me, or anything. I wasn't complaining; most of the guys I know are total idiots. Idiots that I'm really good friends with, but still idiots. C'mon, boys are pretty stupid. That and according to every single non-male friend I'd had since eighth grade, I'm apparently oblivious in the department. I don't think I am, but who knows. I'm going to bed now. I'm sorry this is so delayed and probably terrible, I really am. I've been super busy with making up a weeks worth of school work and tests, speed practicing two weeks worth of piano, and trying to memorize Funky Town and mellophone finger numbers while marching. ;_;[Chapter 4] I couldn't go to sleep. It was too hot even though I was almost completely stripped down and sprawled under a thin sheet that had been in the freezer. I hate New Mexico. I wished that I didn't sometimes, but I couldn't change my mind about this damn state. Swirls and shadows came out of the darkness as my vision became blurry and my eyes dry. When I woke in the morning I wasn't sure if I had slept or not. Regardless, I jumped out of bed and slipped on leggings and a loose tee with a print of Edgar Allan Poe on it after I took a shower. My mom was already gone by the time I had skipped downstairs, and poured myself some cereal. I grabbed an almost filled notepad that had a few stains on the purple cover from the ceramic bowl on the table. As I doodled little people staring down at the ocean from a cliff edge, someone softly knocked. Slowly, I stood and glided to the door. It was Dwayne. He looked anxious. His mouth opened a few times as if he was going to say something, but thought against it. Is he going to talk? I asked myself. \"I'm talking, again.\" I was almost shocked at his voice. I had imagined it to be higher for some reason. He stiffly stood in the doorway. You can come in if you want. I wrote under the cliff and ocean. \"Thanks.\" He mumbled, ducking his head and walking further in to the living room, where he slowly picked a chair and sat. Tell me about your exciting road trip. \"Well…Richard was an ass, we almost forgot Olive at a gas station, Edwin died, the pageant was horrifying, and we found out I'm color blind.\" He said the last part in a hushed tone. \"But not necessarily in that order.\" He gave a weak laugh. I slumped into the couch next to him. That's kind of sad about Edwin, but what about you being color blind? He shrugged. \"I don't know. I guess if I really want to be a pilot I will. You,\" he stared hard into my eyes, \"You don't think I'm being stupid, or strange do you? Now I sound like an insecure thirteen-year-old, but…\" NO. The whole vow thing is up to you, I don't think it matters whether you stick to it or not, as long as you do what you want to do. I know that probably sounds like a bad line out of an uplifting book about doing your best in life, but oh well. His laugh was low, but it made me smile. \"Thanks,\" he shook his head. I like your voice. The probably sounds really weird, but since I've stopped talking I've been listening to people's voices. That doesn't sound any less strange, but, yeah… \"I, thanks,\" he raised an eyebrow, \"I'm glad I'm talking again, it feels normal. But this is a bit odd- talking to someone who doesn't I mean. It's not a bad thing!\" He reassured. It's fine, I know what you mean. Oh, and I have a question. \"Yes?\" What's the school like? \"What do mean? Is it filled with idiots or…?\" Well that, but how big is it? How many kids are in your class? Who's the most annoying person, some people I shouldn't talk to, etc. He went on about it. Not necessarily saying it was the worst place on the planet, it wasn't exactly the best public school, but what school is. He droned on about the jerks and the jocks. I sat there, nodding and occasionally writing something down. By the time he was pretty much done forty minutes had passed by, and an idea had come to mind. I didn't generally show people my art, but we were good friends, and he had been kind to me… I wrapped my hand around his wrist, pulling him along to the steps. He was startled at first, but followed me to the art room. Sitting in the corner, near a window, was an easel with an old dish towel draped over it. He stayed in the center of the room, not moving, as I pulled away the cloth. Carefully observing his expression, I watched him edge closer. It was a painting I had done the other night, actually. With nothing better to do, I had driven out to an old trail and began painting the sky from the top of the mountain. \"This is amazing.\" He stuck out a hand to stroke the stars. I stared down at the ground. It's a real place. I drove out there one night, it's really nice there. Maybe I can show you one day. \"That'd be nice.\" He answered. \"Is it just a trail?\" I nodded. After a minute he stopped admiring it. \"Do you want to come see Olive, I think she's missed you.\" He smirked. Alright, I'm sure I'll get to hear all about the trip from her too. I smiled softly and led him out of the room and down the stairs. \"SERA!\" Olive yelped. She had been sitting in the front yard ripping up a little piece of grass. She flew into my arms so hard I almost fell backward into Dwayne. \"We're back.\" She beamed. I nodded. \"I missed you, and did you know that Dwayne is talking again?\" When she looked up at her brother, a shadow of sadness swept across her eyes. I nodded again. \"Sera, when are you going to start talking again?\" I shrugged, pulling out the pad. I'm not sure, as soon as my mother stops being mad at me for wanting an unrealistic job. \"Oh, okay,\" she squinted as we sat down in a circle on the grass. \"I want to hear your voice. You've got to promise me that when you stop the vow I'll be the first person you'll talk to, okay?\" I nodded, being very serious. \"I mean, Dwayne wants to hear you talk. He was talking to Uncle Frank about some other-\" \"I never said that.\" He cut in, plucking a clover out of the ground. \"Yeah, you said that if-\" \"No, I told Frank that I had a friend who also had taken a vow of silence, and he told me that I shouldn't care if she…judged me because I'm talking.\" I passed the pad to him. You really thought I was going to be mad? Olive craned her neck to read the note. \"Well, yeah…I-I don't know, I just…\" I shoved the paper at him again. And when you were talking before you sounded so intelligent! I'm sorry, in writing that sounds really rude and really mean. It's not supposed to be; I'm joking. I mean, I knew you were smart before, but…yeah…apparently the wannabe writer can't be articulate today. I don't think I am most days, but…yeah… He chuckled as he watched me write. His laugh was low, but smooth. \"I know what you mean.\" \"Hey, do you guys want to watch a movie?\" I nodded. \"What movie?\" \"I don't know, didn't mom just get one?\" \"We're not watching that.\" \"But-\" \"No.\" \"Okay,\" she relented, \"Is there anything else?\" \"How about we watch Batman ?\" He looked between me and her for approval. I shrugged and nodded. Olive heaved a deep sigh and began trudging toward the house. What movie did your mom just get? I stood and leaned against his shoulder, showing him the paper. He rolled his eyes and leaned down a bit to reach my ear. \" Brokeback Mountain , and I'm pretty sure that's gay porn.\" He whispered to me. I clamped a hand over my mouth to keep from laughing. I couldn't even imagine Olive watching that. This went on for about two weeks. I became used to Dwayne speaking, and even more used to his voice. I actually liked it, in a way. Almost every day I showed Dwayne a new picture, and I even let Olive see a few of my sketches. I gave her an old notebook full of graph paper and taught her how to draw some easy things. We watched movies; well Olive watched movies while Dwayne and I talked. I suppose all of the conversations were a bit one-sided, but they were interesting nonetheless. I'm glad I have a reason to write out my thoughts instead of attempting to say them aloud. I'm not too successful with that, usually. \"I think I would have understood what you meant either way.\" He whispered. Olive had already shushed us (him?) twice, and was getting a little annoyed. \"Can you guys go up to his room? I really want to watch this.\" Her voice wasn't rude at all. That's one of the things I loved about her; she was so kind. I dragged myself away from the dingy couch, and followed Dwayne up the stairs. Frank was flipping through a French magazine. I'm sure he could've gone back home by now, but he hadn't. I gave him a short wave to be polite, but the man was barely paying attention. \"I think you should visit France.\" \"Me?\" Dwayne fell onto his bed. \"Yes, who else would I…?\" He looked up from behind his magazine. \"Oh, sorry, Séraphie. And yes, you; though you should go to, Sera. It's a wonderful country.\" Dwayne humphed under his breath. \"I bet they have ever more fucking beauty pageants than California and Georgia combined.\" \"Actually,\" Franked sat straight up, \"Not too many people really like them there. I mean, they're popular with some people, but I wouldn't be surprised if they banned those things in…\" he mulled it over, \"Seven or eight years.\" He looked at me. \"Would you like to go to France.\" I hurriedly pulled out the pad of paper from my pocket. Of course. \"See, you're not alone in your secret desire to go to that marvelous, marvelous country, Dwayne.\" He rolled his eyes, and sat up on the bed. \"That's marvelous to know, Frank.\" I knocked on the Hoover's door. No answer. I knocked again. No answer. Again. \"Hello?\" A semi disheveled looking Dwayne answered the door. His hair was dripping and matted to his head, he was holding a foamy toothbrush in his hand. \"I'll be back in a minute.\" He raced off to one of the bathrooms. I stood in the doorway, writing out a note. \"Okay,\" he was back with brushed hair and no toothbrush. \"What-why are you here?\" Do you have your license? I need a ride to a convenience store, and I don't know where it is. \"Sure, let me ask first.\" He disappeared into the house again. Twenty seconds later he was back again. \"Let us depart.\" I glanced at their car, and grabbed his wrist, leading him on to our driveway were a nice, little Saturn was sitting. I motioned to it. He grinned. \"Is our car not good enough?\" I gave him an incredulous look, making jokes in my head. For a while we rode on in silence, with the static radio droning on in the background. \"What did you need from the store?\" I shrugged. Waiting until we were at a stop light to show him my pad. Just some bread and whatever else I see that I need. He slowly nodded as the light turned green. \"Where did you live before? I can't remember.\" Again I waited until we came to another red light. A place called Ellington, NY. It's actually pretty close to Pennsylvania. \"Okay,\" he nodded. We turned again and he pulled into a small, dirty looking, convience store. Thank you so much. I handed him as we stepped out of the car. \"It wasn't like I had anything better to do today.\" He stopped before we walked in. \"That's not what I mean.\" I smiled and nodded, shrugging. \"Wait! I have to go get something from the car.\" Before he jogged back to the vehicle I handed him a note. You can just stay out here if you want, this is only going to take a minute. \"Eh,\" he shrugged, \"What if you get robbed.\" He joked, turning and speeding toward the car. I smiled again and strolled into the store. Thankfully, and surprisingly, bread was near the front. I grabbed the one that looked the best, and paid. As I walked out, I began fishing through my purse for the pen that I had dropped only a few seconds ago. I set the bread down on the dirty sidewalk next to my feet. I felt some one's eyes on the back of my head. Slowly, I turned. There was a man, probably only forty-something, but looked much older. There were terrible, dark circles under his beady eyes. He was only three feet behind me now, staring at my purse. \"Hey, so can you give the time?\" I took a step back, panicking as I looked for the car. I couldn't find it now. Without any other words, he reached for my arm and neck, slapping me hard in the stomach. I opened my mouth as if I was going to scream. I'm such an awful person who doesn't update as much as they should because they have tons of other stuff to do with their limited free-time. I'm sorry, and I'm not being sarcastic or anything with that last sentence. Well, it's late now, so I'm not going to write anymore, and I hope you enjoyed.[Chapter 5] I'll save all of you the suspense. I screamed. It was that kind of panicking, shrill scream that hurts your ears. I wasn't too proud of that screech, I especially wasn't too happy that I had just broken my vow of silence. Before the creepy man could grab my purse, I flicked a butterfly knife out from one of the pockets closest to me. Still holding onto the bag, I swung it open and pointed it at the man. He stopped pulling, but kept a dead-lock grip on it. \"You wouldn't.\" His disgusting breath washed over me. I heard a car door slam, and someone footsteps slapping on the pavement. I nodded once. \"You're right; I have more morals than you.\" As quickly as humanly possible, I dropped the knife and reached into a pocket on my shirt to pull out a pen. \"Let go, little girl, some pen isn't going to-!\" It was his turn to scream. He finally released my bag, and backed away holding his hands over his red eyes. God, I love mace, and I don't get to use it too often. I gave the man a swift kick to the groin and backed up into another body that had been sprinting in my direction. I bent down to grab my knife, and ran to the car with Dwayne right behind. \"Well,\" he took a breath, \"That was badass.\" He pointed at my knife. \"Yeah, but I talked.\" I sighed into my lap. His eyes widened a little. \"What…what are you?\" \"Well, that was one of the rules I made for myself. If I ever made a noise, no matter what the circumstance, my vow would be broken, and I would talk again. I know that sounds strange, but it's too late now.\" He stared at me for another second, before starting the car, and pulling out of the parking lot. I glanced in the review mirror; the creep was still on the ground, rolling around like an idiot. \"I think I know what you mean about voices. How some people have really interesting voices, or how you like the sound of someone's voice. I like your voice.\" I raised, an eyebrow, but glanced up at him, and smiled. \"Thanks, usually I'm showered in that compliment, but as of late, that river's been a bit dry.\" He had this stupid grin on his face that made me smile. \"Still, if you're upset about break the vow you could always start over. That wasn't voluntary, a fucking weirdo was trying to rob you.\" \"Nah,\" I shrugged, \"It's alright. I'll stick by my weird rules. Besides, it's not as if I'm going to give up on being a writer.\" I stared out at the bright blue sky above us. It really was gorgeous here. \"You know, where I used to live, you wouldn't be impressed with our hills. Or mountains. We have a lot of trees, and it's colder sometimes, but I like it here. At least, I'm getting used to it.\" I started babbling on. Another reason I didn't like talking aloud. I was very good at it, at least when it came to talking to people. I can read a book or lines from a play out loud any day, it's harder to come up with my own words unless they're on paper. \"I'd like to see pictures of where you live.\" I nodded slowly, not wanting to speak. I usually messed things up when I did. I would always get in trouble for talking when I was kid, at least with my parents, I was silent in school. My father would scream at the top of his lungs, if I accidentally interrupted him or my mother; and that was only at age six. I had been terrified of him since I was five, and had always secretly wanted my parents to get divorced. Everything about my father annoyed me. I despised him, I couldn't help it. I had always been scared his screaming and yelling would go beyond words, but, thankfully, that never happened. I shivered in my seat and turned the AC down. \"Oh, are you cold?\" \"Yeah,\" I answered back plainly. \"I'll just turn it off for now. I think I'm used to the heat here.\" He said smartly. I grinned and shook my head. \"I have no idea how you wear pants in this weather.\" \"Eh,\" he shrugged. Way to keep up the conversation, Sera. I chided myself. You know how some days you feel like you really just suck at life, that's pretty much how I felt. \"So,\" Dwayne's voice cracked through the silence, \"How was your old school?\" \"What do you mean?\" I lifted my head up from the seatbelt. \"Was it bad there? Was it nice? I don't know.\" He paused as we turned onto the road where we lived. \"I don't think it was too great. They didn't have any creative writing classes, and messed around the music department a lot, so that was pretty annoying. I mean, in band, I played French horn and the band program was good. I'm pretty sure I'm going to get a horn, I have a mellophone because it was cheap, but I didn't use it too much. We didn't march too much, which was kind of sad, I like marching. I bet you don't want to hear about the music department though, I don't have too much bad to say about that, even if I'm pretty sure the school board attempted to decimate it. \"Anyway, the kids there were okay. No one made fun of me, if that's what you mean. Most people either really didn't like me or I scared them. I had a few friends, and I always attempted to be nice to everyone, especially when they deserved it. I mean there was this one time when I was a freshman…but, no, it's stupid. Never mind, it doesn't matter.\" He cleared his throat as we gently pulled into the driveway. \"Tell me.\" \"Nah….\" \"C'mon, I'm sure it's not that ridiculous.\" I stared out the window. \"Fine, fine…we had these long tables at lunch, and I sat with my group of weirdoes, but right next to us was this group of people who I guess were the actually the popular kids in my grade. Well anyway, we were messing around, tossing a waxy apple from person to person. One of my friends set it in front of me, and jokingly, I hit it with the back of my hand, and it rolled down the table; at a rather slow pace mind you. It knocked over some jocks juice cup, and they all freaked out and wouldn't leave me alone. About halfway through the whole ordeal they tossed this giant wad of dirty paper towels in front of me. They wouldn't stop, and eventually went to the principal, who was in the cafeteria that day and got him to yell me. I had to clean it up for them, with all of the girls in there group watching me. They just kept staring at me, even after I pointedly looked at them. The worst part is one of the girls is actually a sort of friend of mine, but usually only outside of school. I never reacted to them, but I kind of wish I had just told a teacher that they were bothering me.\" He didn't say anything for a second, making sure I was done, but nodded. \"That's kind of awful. All for a juice cup?\" He smiled. \"Yup,\" I took a deep breath. \"At first I thought they were joking, but…but it became pretty obvious fairly quickly.\" I grabbed the door handle and pushed. He jumped out as I did. \"Hey,\" I called as he turned his back to go, \"Just…just don't tell Sheryl or Olive, okay?\" I yelled. \"Tell them what?\" He swiveled around on his heel to face me. I opened and closed my mouth like a fish and ran up to him. Making sure there weren't any listening ears in the neighborhood, I stood up my tiptoes to be closer to his ear and whisper. \"I don't want them to know I could've been hurt. Either way it'll get to my mother, and I don't want her to panic.\" \"Oh, yeah, no. I didn't plan on regaling them with my terrific tale of woe, anyhow.\" I giggled rested back on my heels. \"Great, thanks!\" I gave a short, quick wave and turned toward my house. Ooh, plot developments! Anyhow, this one was quick, but I hoped you like it. I think this had four followers and I really want to know from you guys if you like long chapters or short ones.[Chapter 6] I had been trying to read the same two pages of a book for about thirty minutes, but was unsuccessful. I couldn't tell whether it was boring or I was too distracted. The thirty first minute, I set it down and skipped to the bathroom. After taking a long shower and then slipping on a loose white blouse and purple velvet shorts, I ran down the stairs and out the door. The weather wasn't terrible today, but it had said that there were going to be bad thunderstorms later today around five or six. I really wanted to go back to the trail I had found tonight though, so I kind of ignored that and hoped for the best. As I walked up to the Hoover's driveway, Olive rushed out of the house. She grabbed my waist and hugged me. Sheryl was standing in the doorway, smiling at us. \"Sera! Mom and Dad, and Uncle Frank are going out tonight for some kind of diner thing or something and they said it was okay for you to come over and for me and you to have a movie night if you want! Oh, and Dwayne too.\" \"Well that sounds nice.\" \"You're talking?\" \"Yeah, something happened the other day and I…I decided I could stop that silly vow.\" She twirled around and looped her arm in mine. \"Well,\" she said dramatically, \"I like your voice, and, oh, and I need to show you something I drew!\" She jumped up and ran in the house past Sheryl. I smiled at the woman as I walked in. Dwayne was in the kitchen, stabbing at a Hot Pocket with a fork. Steam rose out of it and into the air. He glanced over at me and Olive, and gave us a little half smile. Olive rushed out of the room, and up the stairs. \"Did she tell you that Sheryl and Richard are going out tonight?\" \"Yes,\" I drew out the word, \"Why?\" I lurked beside his seat for a moment. \"They're going out on Tuesday, so they'll be gone for a few hours in three days. It's not really that exciting actually.\" \"Ah…\" I sighed. \"Do you want to go to that place that I drew tonight? It could be like a mini-road trip.\" He pushed the plate to the side, and scratched the back of his neck. \"I'm not really into road trips, so let's call it a…an outing.\" \"That's good enough for me. Can you drive though? I don't exactly want to walk all that way again.\" \"Sure, I'll attempt to not get us lost.\" \"Eh,\" I shrugged. \"Getting lost is alright sometimes.\" He stood suddenly, and opened the fridge. \"Do want something to drink? I have really cool juice boxes.\" \"That sounds so tempting,\" I laughed, \"Sure.\" He threw a bright green box in front of me. \"Thanks.\" We sat in silence for a little while, waiting for Olive to bound into the room. \"Here it is Sera!\" She handed me a picture. There were lime green hills, and blue lollipop trees. It looked like something out of Dr. Seuss, but it was pretty cool. \"This is actually pretty nice, Olive.\" \"Thanks,\" she took the picture back from me. \"I'm going to draw some more!\" Before I could say okay, or anything she rushed off. \"Oh! I just bought a new book I think you might like.\" Dwayne popped up, and started out of the kitchen. \"Alright.\" I jumped out of my own seat, going after him, juice box in hand. \"This looks interesting.\" I gawked over the back of the book. It looked like one of the most fantastic things in the world. \"I haven't really started reading it yet, but I thought it looked really neat.\" I handed him back the thick hard cover. \"As soon as you're done I'm stealing it, and then giving it back.\" I lied back on his bed, closing my eyes when my head hit his pillow. He set the book down near the foot, and fell back with me. \"Wouldn't that just be borrowing?\" He grinned, sitting up on his elbow. I opened my eyes to look up at him. \"Whatever, did you know there's UFO museum here?\" He raised an eyebrow at me. \"Do you mean the one in Roswell?\" \"Well, yeah, I meant here like New Mexico. I didn't know there was anything in New Mexico!\" \"Well there's a UFO museum, does that make living here a little more bearable?\" He laughed. \"Hey, you've made living here a little more bearable.\" Oh, God, am I flirting? That wasn't intentional flirting. Wait. Do I like Dwayne? I mean he's really nice and we have a lot in common, but, I mean…Nah, I don' like him. We're just friends. \"So, uh, when did you want to go?\" \"Huh, go where?\" I was pulled out of my thoughts by his voice. I realized how close our faces were then, and felt my face heating up. \"To that trail or wherever it is.\" \"Oh, yeah, I don't know. Maybe in a few hours, I suppose. I'm going to go home and get changed, and I'll have to leave a note for my mom. But right now,\" I yawned, \"I'm pretty tired, so I think I'll just stay here until then.\" I shut my eyes and pulled his blanket over my legs. \"It's ninety degrees, and weren't you asleep a few hours ago?\" I felt the pillow depress as he set his head down on it. \"I like blankets, and I need a nap. I don't go to sleep until the day I wake up,\" I put a finger up, \"Unless it's a school night. I have my boundaries.\" \"Oh,\" he chuckled, \"But other than that you're pretty much a badass.\" \"Psssshh, I'm totally, and always a badass.\" I scoffed, pulling the blanket up further. I felt around in my pocket for a peppermint. If I really did fall asleep there would be sticky mess in Dwayne's bed, and I would be the worse person in the world. I peeked open an eye as I stuck the piece into my mouth. Dwayne was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling. I sighed, shutting my eyes again. \"Sometimes I wish I could just sleep through high school, just get it over with.\" The words came out of nowhere. Though I thoroughly enjoyed learning, I wasn't a big fan of the people. I just wanted to lock myself up and never leave until I was eighteen. Dwayne was laughing. \"What? I'm just saying that-\" \"No, it's not that,\" he glanced at me and smiled, \"I said the same thing a little while ago; when we were in California. But I don't think that's such a good idea anymore.\" I raised an eyebrow. \"Well, think of it this way. I won't be able to say this as eloquently as Frank did, but oh well. The guy he teaches, Marcel Proust, he was pretty much a failure. Nobody liked his book, he was a closeted homosexual, and I'm pretty sure he committed suicide. Apparently he's the most brilliant man since Shakespeare, but I've never read one of his books so I wouldn't know. \"Anyway, he said all those years he was happy, he didn't learn a thing. But all of those years and all that time his life really sucked, that's when he really learned something. Prime suffering years, Frank said, and let's face it; high school, we're living in our greatest years of suffering right now.\" I was quiet for a moment. Then I took a breath, and looked up at him, setting my hand on his shoulder. \"Your Uncle is right. And now you've changed my outlook, but I'm not going to pretend to enjoy school. I guess that wasn't really the point of that speech, but you know what I mean.\" He nodded. I closed my eyes, trying as hard as possible not to actually fall asleep. When I opened my eyes Dwayne wasn't in the bed. I swore under my breath, and twisted my body to look at his alarm clock. I had slept for about forty minutes. \"Are you finally awake?\" He was sitting on the floor with his back leaned up against the bed. I rubbed my eyes, and ran a hand through my hair. \"Yeah…\" I mumbled. The sleep was slowly leaving me. \"Are you reading your new book?\" \"I'm just about to stop.\" He muttered, and a second later he snapped the book shut. \"I'm really, really impatient so do you want to go up to that trail now?\" \"Sure,\" He stood. \"I'll wait for you out front.\" \"Okay, I'll be ready in a minute; I just need to grab a few things. Oh, and we'll take my car.\" I stumbled up from the bed, yawning. \"Alright,\" he set the book on his bed as I skipped out of the door, and down the stairs. The first thing I did when I got into the house was write a note to my mother: Hey, Mom, if you're reading this I'm up on a trail on a cliff. That sounds kind of dangerous. Sorry. Anyway, I'll probably be home before you anyway, so this note is kind of pointless. I'm just wasting paper and ink now. Oh, God, I'm a tree murderer! Oh no… Then I ran to my room, considering whether I should change or not. I was fine. It was always sweltering here, I wouldn't even need a jacket. I ran across the hall to grab my nice camera, and was sprinting down the stairs and out to the yard again. Dwayne was standing in grass, hand stuffed in the pockets of his sweatshirt. I had no idea how he could stand the heat, but then again, he'd been living there much longer than me. \"Ready?\" I asked jumping into the car. \"Of course,\" I could almost hear him rolling his eyes, but he was smiling. I stuck a C.D. into the player as he turned the car on. We drove on in silence for a while; every now and then I would tell him when to turn. \"Do you want to know why I stopped talking? Other than the whole wanting to be a writer thing.\" I rested my head against the warm glass window. \"I…um, sure why?\" \"I mess everything up when I talk. I always have. When I was younger I used to get in trouble a lot for talking. Usually I would just kind of be daydreaming, and say something out of the blue, and end up interrupting someone on accident. My dad, he would get really mad then. He got mad at pretty much anything I said, and would always try to argue with me, but I was too scared to argue back. He just yells so much, I was always worried he would hurt me or my mom. \"I mean, it's practically my fault they divorced. I was happy that they did, because he's such a jerk. I don't know. It's just, spoken words and I don't really get along. I'm pretty good at writing, and that always works so well, but speaking…meh.\" He was quiet until we came to a red light. \"If it makes you feel any better, I think the way you speak aloud is perfectly fine. I actually kind of enjoy it, if we're being completely honest.\" \"Thanks, and take a left.\" The light flashed green. When we arrived at where I knew we should be, Dwayne looked lost. I had pretty much landed us in the middle of nowhere. \"C'mon,\" I pushed his shoulder a little bit, \"I didn't bring you out here to harvest you for blood or anything, just for the nice view. Now let's go!\" I jumped out of the car with my camera, and started up the trail. He was a few paces behind me. \"Slow down!\" He called to me, jogging up the rugged hill. \"Go faster!\" I called back. But I stood by a tree and waited for him. I bounced around on the balls of my feet as he got closer. \"Come on!\" I grabbed his wrist and began pulling him after me. \"W-wait!\" He yelped with alarm. \"Why are you so excited?\" I could hear the smile in his voice. \"Because I really like it up here, and this only the second time I've been here. I just want to be back. I'm really sorry if you don't like running, we can slow down.\" He almost tripped into me as I stopped. \"No, it's fine. The running is fine, I was just wondering.\" He had the grin of a little boy. \"Eh, I figured you were much more athletic than me anyway. I hate running, but I'm too excited.\" I cried, and grabbed his hand again. \"Wow,\" he stared out of the town, \"This is…this is just so amazing.\" I was sitting on the edge, looking at the photos I had already taken. We had been up here for a little over two hours. \"Isn't it though?\" I looked at the long stretch of sky. \"Where I lived, it would've been impossible to see this far anywhere.\" \"What do you mean?\" He carefully sat next to me, dangling legs over the side. \"Well, there're hills everywhere. Our hills aren't nearly as tall as these ones here, but they're everywhere. Just hills and trees and streams.\" He chuckled under his breath. \"What?\" I turned off the camera and put the strap around my neck. \"It's just for a second your voice went into this...it sounded different; older. Not older age-wise, but like you were from a different time.\" I scoffed. \"We'll just put that on the list of why Sera is one of the strangest people you'll meet.\" \"Being strange is okay sometimes.\" I laughed, and ran a hand down my face. \"Only sometimes.\" There was a loud crash in the distance. Startled, I shot up, almost falling off the edge of the cliff. \"Thunder?\" I turned the camera on as another crash bared down on the earth, this time it was accompanied by lightning. \"We should probably go.\" Dwayne stood with me, and back away from the edge a few feet. \"I just want to stay for a few second s and take some pictures.\" I saw him nod out of my peripheral. That static energy welled up in my body. I could feel it tingle my hair. Shrugging the feeling away I lifted the camera up to take shots. There was a looming storm cloud pouring down rain. I hadn't been paying attention before the first drop hit me. And then another. And another. \"Yeah, we should go now.\" I turned on my heel and tuck the camera up my loose shirt. \"What are you doing?\" Dwayne looked down at my stomach and back up at me. \"I'm scared it'll get wet…\" \"Just give me it, I'm wearing a sweatshirt.\" \"I-okay, here.\" I handed him the bulky thing as the rain began to come down in sheets. We ran under the cover of the trees and kept down the path. The dirt was becoming slippery mud that wound its way up my leg. There was a dip in the path and a pain in ankle. \"Wait!\" I cried a little louder than I had intended to. \"Are you okay? What happened?\" He stopped and turned to me. I leaned up against a tree. \"I think I just twisted my ankle, I'll be fine in a second.\" I glanced down at my white blouse. It was pretty much see-through now. Awesome. I crossed my arms over the dark bra, it had a fun print of stars and moons on it like a galaxy type thing. \"Oh, shit, you don't even have a jacket. Oh, God, I'm so sorry. I wasn't thinking,; and I just…I don't know, just take my jacket.\" He had already taken it off, carefully holding my camera inside of it. \"But you'll get wet. I'm already soaked, it's fine.\" I tried arguing, but he had already shoved it into my hands. The inside was soft and warm, and it smelled like him. I leaned my back against the tree again, crossing my leg in the air to massage my ankle. Dwayne stood close to me, every second his black shirt clung to him more and more. I set my leg back on to the ground. \"Good God, I'm short.\" I said looking up at Dwayne. \"Yes, you are.\" He shivered, and I rolled my eyes. \"See, you're going to get sick, even though rain has nothing to do with sickness, and I'm going to feel really bad, and then where's that going to get us?\" I wrapped my arms around his waist. \"I suppose we could share body heat.\" He paused for a second before wrapping his arms around me. I leaned back, ready to leave, but he kept his hands on my shoulders. His eyes were on mine and then flicked down, and back to my eyes. I took a step back, not really sure what to make of this. And turned slightly away from him. \"S-sorry…\" He stuttered out as we started walking again. \"What for?\" I asked. We were almost at the car now. He didn't answer so I skipped the rest of the way. Thankfully, it had been kept unlocked, so I ducked right in. It was pleasantly warm in the vehicle, and I busied myself with taking off his jacket and starting to flick through some of the pictures I had taken of the lightning. \"Sera?\" I jumped in my seat. I hadn't even heard him close the door. \"Yeah?\" I shut off the camera and leaned back against the seat. \"Let's go home.\" She breathed easily. \"That sounds nice.\" \"I'm such an idiot!\" Dwayne shut to door with a huff. Olive had been waiting for him in the hallway. \"What's wrong?\" She asked, wandering to the kitchen. He followed. \"I just…it's just being a teenager really sucks. And I'm a wimp. I would say that I wish you wouldn't have to go through this, but that'd be an empty wish.\" Olive stood at the sink and ran back to the table to hand him a glass of water. \"Being a teenager seems okay.\" She shrugged, and Dwayne laughed. \"Being a teenager is okay, but it kind of sucks sometimes.\" \"Life kind of sucks sometimes.\" He looked up at her and smiled. \"You're pretty smart sometimes, you know.\" Hey guys, sorry this is really late. I had a kind of crappy week and then a really hectic one and my uncle thinks I hate him because he's kind of really weird sometimes (I don't mean weird in a good way). I'm sorry, I hope you liked this one though! :)[Chapter 7] Hey so while I write this I always listen to the soundtrack to the Little Miss Sunshine movie and Regina Spektor, so I guess if you want you can go check that out. During this particular chapter I was just listening to Genius Next Door by Regina Spektor and Where is My Mind the version from \"It's Kind of a Funny Story\". Knock! Knock! Knock! \"Hello?\" Olive slowly opened the door. \"Sera!\" She hugged the me tightly. \"Hey, haven't seen you in a few days.\" I ruffled her hair as they walked through the door. \"I don't know why you even bother to knock anymore. Everyone here likes you, and mom says you can come over anytime.\" \"Eh, it's just something I do. Besides, it's kind of late, I don't want anyone thinking I'm a creep or something.\" Olive giggled and ran to the living room. \"Get my brother and tell him to come down so the three of us can watch this new scary movie. He's been up there moping for a while.\" \"Hey, Olive, wait!\" I called, and the blonde poked her head back into the hall. \"Did you're parents already leave?\" \"Yeah, a few minutes ago, why?\" \"Nah, I just wondered.\" Olive raised an eyebrow at me, but gave a quick sharp nod and dashed into the living room. I glanced at the steps and jogged up them. I had been in this house so many times; I didn't even need to think about where to go anymore. I slowed and pulled up the sleeves of my sweater when I came to Dwayne's door. We hadn't talked since we had been on that trail. Carefully, I knocked on his door. \"Go away Olive, I'm tired.\" I smiled at the deep sound of his voice, muffled by a pillow, and turned the knob. \"I said-\" \"I'm not Olive.\" I said smirking as I stepped into the room. It always smelled nice in here, like vanilla and cinnamon, and I breathed in the scent. \"No,\" he swallowed and sat up in bed, \"You're not.\" He glanced down at his chest and I realized he wasn't wearing a shirt. Normally, it wouldn't matter. I didn't theater, I was surrounded with half-naked men all the time, and that didn't matter. But, for some reason, him being unclothed made a little…fidgety or uncomfortable. Maybe nervous is the right word, but I can't figure it out. \"Nope,\" I kept my eyes glued to his and strode over to the bed. As I sat, he moved away from me a bit. \"She told me to get you, and tell you we're going to watch some new horror movie.\" \"Okay, well, uh…um.\" \"I'll leave if you need to get changed.\" I said grinning. \"Yeah, thanks.\" I stood again and walked through the doors, closing it behind me silently. I let out the air I had been holding. Why? Why did any of that matter? Why had that been so strange, and awkward? Why had he been so uncomfortable? I wracked my brain, though the underlying answer was nagging at me. I didn't want to believe it though. He didn't. \"Sera!\" Olive yelled at me from the bottom of the stairs. She sprinted up them much faster than I probably could have. \"Get back into Dwayne's room, the movie is going to be a surprise and I'm still trying to find it.\" For being so little, she was surprisingly strong. Or am I just weak? \"Olive, wait, I don't think you. I can't go back into-\" I stumbled backwards and fell onto my haunches. \"Sera?\" Olive had already shoved me into the room with him, and locked the door behind her. \"Don't worry, I won't turn around. I was just accosted by a little person, and made to come back in here.\" \"She locked the door too. I'm wearing pants now, you're alright. And I'll go get the key. It locks from the outside, and can only be opened if I have a key.\" I stayed where I was and stared at the door for a few more seconds. There was a rustle of fabric, and I stood, rubbing my temples. Finally, I turned around. Dwayne was wearing and dark blue shirt and was riffling through a little purple trinket box. \"Oh no….\" he muttered. \"What 'Oh no'? Did you lose it?\" \"Yeah,\" he set the box back and slumped back onto the bed. \"Olive must have taken it from me that one day…\" I lightly sat on the bed, facing the door. \"So we're stuck in here until she decides to let us out.\" I sighed, leaning my back against the bed, and holding the bottom of my shirt so it wouldn't ride up. \"Hey, Sera, do you like…do ever want to—what's your favorite place? The favorite place you travelled to.\" His voice was uneven, and stringy, like he didn't know what he was saying. I sat up and flipped over onto my stomach. \"I don't know, one time I went to London and that was pretty nice. I didn't get to spend too much time just walking around.\" \"You've been to London?\" He asked in slight disbelief. \"Yeah, it was only for a week, and with a theater workshop sort of thing, but it was really nice. I got to work with the Royal Globe Theatre.\" \"Wow...it's just,\" his gaze shifted from me and he looked all around his room. \"It's just what?\" Slowly, I moved up so our heads were at the same height. His focus turned to me again. \"You've been so many more places than me, and I just need to get out of here eventually. And I have no idea how I'm even going to get into the Air Force. No matter how hard you want something, if there's just some little thing wrong about yourself that you can't change, you can't win. I can't win.\" Our noses were almost touching, but I didn't really pay any attention to that. \"Are you ever just furious with the world?\" I tried to smile sadly, but it came out more like a grimace. \"I…yeah, yeah I am.\" I shrugged. \"That's alright, I am a lot too. Mostly the Universe though. I have a pretty sucky pool of genes, what with all of the mental disorders and addiction. I'm just bound to have a mental breakdown before I'm twenty.\" I patted his shoulder as comfortingly as I could, and kept my hand there. He chuckled, \"You're just a crazy girl then?\" \"Probably.\" \"Well that's alright, I can deal with that.\" I smiled, and laughed silently. The door loudly creaked open and Olive burst in. \"Oh, sorry, didn't know you guys-\" I sprung up from my spot. \"What did you think we were doing?\" \"Oh, I don't…I don't know.\" She shrugged. Dwayne muttered something about their late grandfather. \"We were talking.\" Olive shrugged again and spun around on her heal to walk into the hall. \"Olive Hoover, get back here!\" Dwayne jumped up from the bed and chased after her. \"Give me the key back!\" \"NOPE!\" I stood in the middle of the hallway, slowly walking toward the stair case, watching the half-siblings bicker. About an hour later Dwayne and I sat on the couch, with Olive between us. It was just about the climax of the movie. I wasn't scared, but Olive looked pretty frightened. So far there had been some creepy dolls, chairs moving, doors, slamming, and a little possession. In truth, we shouldn't have let her watch it. In admittedly semi-comical fear, she sunk to the floor with the blanket and popcorn, and covered her face. I moved closer to Dwayne, and whispered to him. \"If she has nightmares, you're not blaming me.\" He smirked and turned his head. \"I don't she would let me blame you.\" Our noses were nearly touching, and this time I noticed. He did too. Oh, god, when we had been under that one tree, when I had hurt myself, he had tried to kiss me hadn't he? He almost asked me if I liked him early when he was stumbling over his words. How could I be so oblivious all the time? Once, then twice, his eyes flicked down to lips. I felt my pulse go up a bit, and my breathing get just a little shallow. His was on top of mine. When had that happened? My mind was racing. I didn't know what to do. Then there was a loud scream. Olive hid her face behind the blanket, and I pulled away from Dwayne. Crouch down on the floor beside her, I paused the movie, and tossed the remote on the couch. \"Do you want a drink of water?\" She looked at me through eyes that were just a little glossy. \"C'mon, kid.\" I said helping her up and leading her to the kitchen. As I walked to the cupboard, I glanced back to see her sitting at the table, looking rather bored. \"You were just scared a second ago.\" \"No, I just faked it so I could be alone with you for a few seconds. Are you and Dwayne dating?\" I turned around and leaned back on the counter. \"Well that's rather blunt.\" \"Just answer me please. I know I'm a kid, but I'm not stupid or oblivious or anything. I thought you two were dating, but then Dwayne said…\" \"What did Dwayne say?\" I asked a little too quickly. \"Sorry, sibling code, I can't tell you.\" \"Pshh, sibling code.\" I muttered. \"Fine, I'll ask him myself.\" \"Wait! Then he'll know I almost told you and that's pretty much the same thing.\" \"I'm just joking, I won't say you said anything. We'll just have a discussion. Everything…everything has kind of been coming to a head anyway.\" \"Um…okay.\" \"C'mon, twerp, we're going back. But I'm not going to let you watch the rest of that movie, just because of that little stunt.\" \"Why?\" She whined as we walked back through the hall to the living room. \"Because I'm cruel.\" \"I turned the movie off.\" Dwayne stated as we walked into the now brightly lit room. \"Oh, thanks.\" I said, sitting Olive down in a chair. \"I was fine.\" \"No you weren't.\" I scolded her. With a huff she wandered out the hall and up the stairs. She was giving such a big show. I told myself to remember this when she was older. I plopped down on the couch next to Dwayne, forgetting to be graceful. \"Do you want to go back to watching the movie?\" He asked picking up the remote. Softly, I touched his wrist. \"Can we talk for a minute?\" I swallowed hard. He looked as uncomfortable as I felt, but I forged on. \"Sure.\" I choked on the words I was about to say a million times in my head. That wasn't out of disgust or anything, I was just so nervous. \"I like you a lot.\" Surprisingly, my tone was much more level and calm than I had thought it would be. He looked so surprised, that I thought I had screwed up. I had misread all of the signals. \"I like you a lot too.\" He still looked surprised, but now had a giant grin on his face. We both sat there, both of us feeling and looking so accomplished. \"So, uh, what now?\" \"Well, I guess we can just stay the same-ish way we are now.\" I stumbled over my words a few times. \"I don't want to be like those people who are friends and then say they like each other and get really weird.\" \"No, definitely not.\" He still had this stupid grin on his face that just made me beam. We sat like that for a little while more. \"Do you just want to kiss?\" \"That sounds alright.\"[Chapter 8] \"Sera! Wake up!\" Olive was inches from my face. The whole thing with Dwayne had been a dream. \"You fell asleep during the movie. I'm pretty sure you only watched like five minutes of it.\" \"Oh,\" I stretched and sat up. \"I had a really weird dream.\" \"What was it about?\" \"Oh…I can't really remember, I just remember a few strange things happening.\" Lying through my teeth was easier than it should've been. \"Oh, okay, well Dwayne is in his room now. He didn't want to wake you up, but it's kind of late now, and he said to ask you to go up to his room.\" I sat up and twisted around the crack my back. Olive made a face. \"Was the movie scary?\" \"Meh,\" she shrugged, and I stood. \"It wasn't that bad.\" \"Try not to have too many nightmares, kid.\" I said as a walked out of the room, and turned the television on to cartoons. I muttered a song under my breath as I walked into his room. Dwayne was lying on his back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling. He didn't even glance at me as I sat down on the corner of the bed. \"Why are you singing?\" He breathed. He didn't seem irritated, just curious. \"Because, well, without music would be a mistake.\" Smiling and he looked over at me. \"I said what are you singing, but I appreciate the Nietsche quote.\" \"Sorry,\" I chuckled at myself, \"I don't really know. It sounds kind of familiar. It's probably some song I played in band or sang in chorus some time.\" We sat in silence for a while. I didn't really think about anything, which was nice. Whenever I was around Dwayne my mind would kind of quiet down. Not in the stuttering, panicky way where I don't know what to say and I'm brain-dead, just a nice sort of calm. \"Does your school have dances?\" I asked, another quote coming to mind. \"Yeah, but they're always pretty pointless.\" He sniffed as I slowly slipped off the bed to sit on the floor. \"Are you planning on going to them?\" \"No, probably not, I didn't really like dances at my old school. I mean I like dancing, and we should consider every day lost on-\" \"Which we have not danced at least once? I can beat you at this game of coats, Sera.\" \"Hmm…Faith: not wanting-\" \"To know what is true. Hope in reality-\" \"Is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man. We love life, not because we are used to living but because-\" \"We are used to loving. It is not a lack of love, but a lack of-\" \"Friendship that makes unhappy marriages. When marrying, ask yourself this question.\" I waited for him to answer, to finish the quote. \"Do you know this one?\" \"I…Do you believe you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age?\" \"Correct,\" I said standing once more, and falling back onto the bed next to him. \"Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.\" He was smirking. I punched his shoulder, smiling. \"I try my best. Hey, do you know what time it is?\" I blinked a few times; my eyes were getting heavy even though I had just woken. He twisted his body to look at the clock. \"It's just about midnight, you should probably go home. I mean, I'm not trying to kick you out, but you're mother probably won't like you staying here.\" \"I guess I can, I can go tell Olive to go to bed first though. My mom isn't going to be home tonight though.\" The last part just kind of slipped out. Silently, I hoped he wouldn't read into it, but what would that matter? He didn't really like me. That whole thing had just been a strange dream. I still wouldn't fully admit that I liked him. \"Okay, I can put Olive to bed though if you don't want to.\" \"No, it's fine, unless you want me to tuck you in too.\" I said standing up again. Dear lord, where did this flirtatiousness come from? Any time prior I had wanted to use it, I ended up failing miserably. He groaned, but was still smiling. \"Sure…\" I laugh quietly, pulling the blanket up and over him, and almost kissed him on the head. \"Night, Dwayne.\" I whispered as I walked away. \"Night, Sera.\" Hey, everyone, Happy Mini-Chapter-Saturday! Meh, I didn't want to make this one really long, and it's pretty much just a little add on for the last chapter...so yeah. Review and stuff because that's what cool people do. Oh, and fun fact...that little scene while they were going back and forth with the whole Nietzsche quote thing I've had planned for a little while. Nietzsche just has a lot of awesome quotes, and the name and idea of this story came from one that goes 'When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age?' Hah, get it converse?[Chapter 9] I didn't go the Hoover's for a few days after that. I figured that if I didn't see Dwayne for a while these feelings would just wash away, and we could go on being friends. I mean he didn't want to be anything more than that, so why would I want to? I locked myself up in my room, and wrote. My mom was on a short business trip and wouldn't be home for five more days. So far my diet that week had consisted of Ramen noodle, cereal, and maybe a cheese sandwich every now and then. Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock! Four even knocks made me jump from my seat, and slowly toward the door, pulling my spandex shorts down a little bit in an effort to be modest. Surprisingly enough, I was wearing a bra under my loose plaid shirt. \"Dwayne?\" I took a breath. He looked a little worried. \"Yeah, did you think I was a serial killer or something?\" \"No, no, sorry. I just never expect people to come to my house.\" I turned away to lead him into our living room. \"I wanted to see you. You haven't been over in a few days, and Olive wanted me to make sure you were okay.\" I fell back onto the long couch, and waited for him to shuffle into the room behind me. \"I'm so tired.\" I whined, turning onto my back so I was looking up at him. \"It's summer you can sleep in however long you want, how are you tired?\" \"Because I just am, I'm always tired.\" I muttered, sitting up, \"Or maybe that's just stress.\" \"Why are you stressed?\" \"I don't know, just normal anxiety I guess. Runs in the Adams family I suppose.\" I pulled a pillow close to stomach and picked at a loose string. \"What's your middle name? I don't think you've even said.\" \"It's not that great.\" \"I'm sure it's not terrible, and if it is, then your awesome first name makes up for that.\" \"Just guess. It starts with an 'E'.\" The oven sent out a loud, shrill beep from the kitchen. \"I baked stuff, just follow me, and guess.\" \"Is it Erica?\" \"No.\" \"Edith?\" \"Close-ish, I guess. Whatever, you got three letter right, if you count the 'E'.\" Carefully, I opened the oven, and slowly I pulled the hot tray out. I fumbled around for a spatula on the organized counter. \"Can you tell me how many letters are in your name?\" \"Four.\" The cookies broke apart as I lifted them onto the cooling rack. \"So the first letter is 'E', and…then what?\" \"Enid, that's my middle name. Séraphie Enid Adams. It's an okay name I guess.\" \"It's a great name, not as good as Dwayne Hoover, but pretty good.\" I chuckled as shut the oven off, and spun around. \"Oh, sorry,\" Dwayne was standing a lot closer than I had he was; we were almost chest to chest. \"It's okay.\" Tension grew as my voice caught in my throat. The silence was intense. \"Well,\" I cleared my throat and walked past him. \"Did you know that people are generally more ticklish with people they don't trust, than people they do? I don't know if that's true, but it was just some little study, so who knows?\" One of my many skills: bringing up stuff that doesn't matter to avoid stuff like emotions. \"Th-that's interesting. Are you ticklish?\" \"Not very.\" \"You know, there's another study that says most people who say they're not ticklish are lying. Are you sure that you're not ticklish?\" \"I'm certain. You can try me if you like.\" I plopped onto the couch and pulled him down with me. I'm not sure why I said that. I'm so ticklish, it's dangerous sometimes. But Dwayne just smirked, and went down on me; brushing his fingertips against my waist until I squirmed. \"I'll admit, you're pretty good liar.\" He said through his deep laughter, pulling his hands away. I was breathing hard. We were still on the long couch. He was lying on top of me. I'm not exactly sure what happened next, but someone kissed the other. It was sweet, but passionate, and made me feel like I was floating. Then it stopped. He pulled away and stood up, not facing me. \"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean too…damn it.\" I had kissed him back hadn't I? What was he upset about? \"What's wrong?\" \"I need to go.\" I tried reaching out for his wrist or to yell his name and say what I needed to, but the words got caught in my throat and my hands just weren't fast enough. He was out of the door, before I could even think of what might have come out of my frozen mouth. He left me more confused than I had ever been. Had he been mad with himself for kissing me because he hadn't wanted to or because he thought I was upset? I didn't have anyone to turn to. I didn't know what to do. For about an hour I sat up in my room, wondering what I should do. I absentmindedly began sketching, and doodling, hoping that maybe some sort of fantastic hidden message would come in through my subconscious. I don't think anything did. Before long, the sun had set, and I decided I should take shower. That, of all things should help. It's a common fact that you always get your best thinking done in the bathroom. Sadly, as I washed away the suds in my hair, no amazing idea came to me. So I sat there in the shower for God knows how long until the water turned cold. After that I skulked back to my room, only wearing a towel, and trying to think of something else. My mind wandered, until it came back to Dwayne. I needed to distract myself; so I thought about other boys, most of them fictional, that I could have relationships with. In the end, I think it ended up working pretty well. I mean, I fell asleep thinking about kissing Jim Hawkins, so all was well for now. The next morning, I woke so late that it wasn't even morning. I rolled out of bed, pulling on tee shirt dress deciding to call that good enough. Don't get me wrong, the first thing I thought about when I woke up was the kiss. The more I tried to not think about it, the more it invaded everything I did. Finally, I gave up and went upstairs to draw and write. I expected myself to do something spectacular the next day, but that didn't happen. There was just more sitting around and doing nothing. There's was thinking too. Too much thinking in my mind. That's saying a lot coming from me. I think a lot and all the time, my mind is always racing. But this, thinking about Dwayne, it made me confused, something I hate being. I thought about the kiss so much that I began to second guess whether any of it had really happened. I mean it had felt so right and wonderful, maybe it all been a dream. Just another quickie sorry. I just wanted something up before Christmas, and lately I've been focused on some other stuff like my own stories, short film stuff, ending a fic and possibly starting up a new one that involves some Fushigi Yuugi (kind of a lesser known anime/manga, but if you're curious it's like InuYasha, but a little more dramatic). I'll give you guys a heads-up, I think this is only going to be twenty chapters. I think that's a good-ish number, and trust me the next chapter is going to be way longer than this one, so it won't just be little things like this. Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 10] I awoke the next night, sweating and panicked like I had had a bad dream. I could barely see through a sea black in front of my eyes, and the darkness of my room didn't help with my lack coordination. I flicked on the light, and leaned against the wall. Then a noise, like pots being dropped in the kitchen erupted from within the house. My breath caught in my throat as I rubbed the last of sleep out of my eyes. My mother was getting ready to leave. I really should go down, and talk to her, or say goodbye at least. I leaned against my door, fumbling with the knob to open it, and shuffled into the hallway. Goosebumps raised up on my leg as I shivered. I stood at the top of the stairs, waiting for her to make her way to the door. As I yawned I heard her cursing down the hallway. I opened my mouth to yell out to her as she opened the door, pulling the strap of her bag up. She barely glanced up at me. \"I'm really sorry, honey, but I can't talk right now. I'm going to be late for a meeting.\" My mouth hung open until she closed the door. When it finally did slam shut, and her car had pulled far, far away I snapped my mouth shut. My chest was getting tight. I tried swallowing a few times. \"Sorry,\" I choked out. I wasn't sure that I had spoken a word to her since I broke my vow. Wouldn't she be happy to just hear me say one thing? But, then again, maybe not. My stupid mouth was the whole reason she was divorced. Through the foggy windows, I could see the sun making everything a little bright. I rushed down to the biggest bathroom in the house. As I let the water run, I tried to take my mind off of my mother. Instead I thought about Dwayne. He didn't really like, that kiss was just a weird spur of the moment thing. Either way I should tell him that I liked him. I like him, right? \"Yeah,\" I sighed to myself. \"I like him.\" It felt unnatural to say it out loud. As I sunk into the steaming water my head raced, trying to figure out how in the world I could tell him. Do I be nonchalant about it, and just say it? Do I be serious? Can I write a note? Would that be too juvenile? \"I sound like ten-year-old.\" I mumbled, sinking deeper into the bubbles. After a good twenty or so more minutes, where I may or may not have been napping, and nearly drowned, I decided to spring out of the tub. I slipped on a wrinkled, shirt-dress I had worn the day before, spandex shorts for the sake of modesty (though I suppose they really weren't of much help), and twisted the top layer of my hair into a short ponytail. \"Okay, okay, okay, okay…\" I bounced on my toes in front of the door. \"I got this!\" I slowed to a stop, the stupid grin slowly falling from my face. \"What the hell am I—AAH!\" What came out of my mouth as I fell out of the front door could barely be called a scream. It was more like a prolonged squeal. \"Well, this must be an indication of how the rest of the day is going to go.\" I glanced down at my knees. They were both pretty scraped up; the left one was nearly bleeding. But no excuses, this had to be done now, and today. A weird kind of confidence bubbled up in my chest, one I had never felt before. It was like a mixture of nervous laughter, and tears, and the ability to take a breath all in one go. I dug my nails into my palms, shifting my weight from one foot to the other. The door was right there. I could knock. I was going to knock. What if no one's home? The car is here, never mind. What if he doesn't want to talk to me? Is Olive going to answer the door? Did he tell her what happened? Before I knew it, my fist was raised, and pulled back ready to— \"Hey…?\" Dwayne swung open the door. He could barely keep his eyes on me, but I could see the questioning brow hidden under his hair. His hair. His hair was different. It had been cut, and was neatly lying across his forehead. It still hid some of his face, but I could plainly see his eyes now. \"I-yea-uh-hi.\" A mumbled progression of words fell out of my mouth. He slowly shut the door, and leaned back against it. \"You've been standing out here for ten minutes.\" \"What?\" \"Yeah, you've just been standing there. Richard made me answer the door before you fell over or something.\" \"Yeah, well anyway, listen, I know you don't like me, and we're just friends, but I like you. I figured I should tell, I mean we—well, I mean after what happened. I know that was just a mistake that's alright. I just…just, yeah, figured I should-\" \"I like you.\" My eyes shot up from the ground. \"Oh, then sorry, I guess for-\" He looked at me, and I stopped. \"Screw it, just hug me. We can act like we're in a sappy movie.\" He chuckled, and opened his arm. \"Alright.\" ermagehrd yeah I know it's short, but I NEEDED to get it up people. You understand you're the ones reading this if all of you havne't given up hope by now in my writing. Anyway, the next chapter will be up a little faster, and will be much longer. I just wanted a little thing up, and oh look they're so sweet awwee... I'll need to fix that, and cause chaos very, very, soon. Goodbye for now my friends! And don't forget to review![Chapter 11] Two weeks later nothing had really changed. Dwayne and I still acted pretty much the same as we had before we admitted our feelings to each other. I mean, I guess whenever we had a movie night with Olive there was a bit more hardcore cuddling involved. But that's all beside the matter at hand. I was currently lying in my bed, not even wanting to roll over. It had woken up early from a nightmare, and had only really fallen asleep a few hours before hand. At that point, I had been lying in bed for a good two or three hours, shifting one leg before I could get too warm. I tried with all of my amazing skills and will power to fall asleep, but alas, I was not strong enough. Once it got to that four hour mark, I decided it was time to get out of bed. My knees cracked as I stretched up, closing my eyes with a hope that the black dots would fade away. I pulled on capris and an old, loose t-shirt with the collar cut out of it. After that little exhilarating thing, I just kind of sat on the couch, half watching television, and half napping. I'm fairly certain I almost died when someone knocked on the door. I took a deep breath, and jogged up to answer it. God, I hate answering door. And phones. I really hate answering phones. \"Hello…? Oh, hi.\" I looked down. \"Sera!\" Olive flung her arms around me. \"Hey, child.\" \"I'm not a child.\" \"That was just a nickname. And you are a child. If I am, then you are.\" \"You're not a child.\" \"I'm a child until I turn eighteen. By the way, what did you need?\" \"Oh…oh, yeah! Mom and Dad are out of town for a few days, they just left this morning, but I wanted to go to Carlsbad Caverns, so I was wondering if you wanted to go with Dwayne and I?\" \"That sounds like fun, actually. I'm pretty tired, but…\" I said between a yawn, \"…but, yeah, I can leave now if you guys are ready.\" \"Alright, I'll tell Dwayne. He'll be happy.\" \"Why wouldn't he be?\" She laughed, and ran away. I dashed back into the house to attempt to find a pair of clean socks. I didn't succeed. \"You know where we're going, right Dwayne?\" Olive pulled her headphones on over her head. We were taking my mother's second car, which was nice and room. \"Of course I do. You gave me the directions, they're in my pocket.\" \"What's this place like anyway?\" I tried to ask Olive, but it was too late. Her headphones were on, and she was staring out the window. \"She can't hear you now. It's just a bunch of caves with bats and those rocks hanging from the ceiling, and coming up from the floor.\" \"Do you mean stalagmites and stalactites?\" \"Why do you know these things?\" He smirked. \"I had a small obsession with rocks and being a geologist when I was little.\" \"Don't most girls want to be actresses, or princesses, or…or housewives, or,\" he glanced back at the little, blonde girl and sighed, \"pageant queens?\" \"I don't know, I was a weird kid I guess.\" I thought about Olive. She always said she wanted to be in pageants and do them, but would she change her mind? \"I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with Olive wanting to do this, or be a model; but those industries are tough. I mean most careers where you and your body is the main focus are hard, and there's always tons of competition. I'm not saying she wouldn't be able to make it, and she should be a doctor or do some science thing instead, but…you know.\" I glanced back at her, finished with my rant. I leaned my head back onto the window, comfortable with his silence. I stared out the window at the houses, and the dry grass. I really didn't like New Mexico. Some parts of it were spectacular and frightening, but most of it was rather dull. The silence dragged on until we were in the middle of nowhere. \"So…this is a romantic relationship right?\" He coughed the words out little by little, almost scared. \"Yeah, I mean I'm not going to call you my boyfriend because I don't like how that word sounds, but yes. We are definitely in a romantic relationship. I'm not too much of an expert, but…have you ever been in a relationship before?\" \"I…well, yeah I have been. Don't normal people usually try not to bring up their…partner's past girlfriends?\" \"I'm not really the jealous type, dork. I just wondered, I was never really sure.\" I appreciated his refrain from the word boyfriend. It was almost funny; I didn't have anything against people who used the term, but it sounded too juvenile for me. Too juvenile, I'm still a kid for God's sake. \"I've never been in a serious relationship, and the only reason I even got the chance to be in one was because I was the new kid when I moved from Florida.\" \"And being the new kid makes you suddenly twenty times more attractive?\" I laughed. \"Obviously, you're full of mystery, and you have a past the no one knows about. It's all very romantic. Why did you move? Are you all full of angst, and do you miss your old friends? Or were you previously homeschooled?\" \"Oh, thank you for enlightening me.\" Where the hell were we? \"Ooh,\" I gasped, \"Does that mean that I'll be super desirable when I start going to your school?!\" He shifted in seat, pursing his lips. \"Well-\" \"Dwayne, where are we?!\" Olive yelled over her music. \"Sorry,\" she said slipping the headphones off, \"if you guys were talking. This just doesn't look like where we should be going.\" \"Oh…\" Dwayne trailed off. \"I think I missed a turn somewhere. What time is it?\" \"It's 3:37 now.\" \"How much longer do you think it would take for us to turn around, and go back?\" She sighed. \"I don't know.\" \"Well, we've been driving in the wrong direction since about…\" I scooped up the instructions, and scanned them for the turn. \"Oh, since about an hour ago. That mean s it would take about two hours to get to the Caverns.\" I glanced back at her in the mirror. She looked a little sad, but not devastated. Good. \"But,\" I sighed over Dwayne's chastising mumblings to himself, \"We could go someplace else that's pretty close.\" \"We're in the middle of nowhere.\" \"Yeah, but only about forty five minutes away from your house there's the Sandia Peak. We could go up the tramway, I have some extra money in my bag.\" I kicked at the old, drawstring thing at my feet. \"That sounds like fun.\" She perked right back up. \"Alright,\" he looked pleased again, \"Let's go. But you've got to guide me there.\" It ended up taking us about thirty minutes to get there, and get in the lift. I bought some food at a gas station on the way, and held my stuffed bag, leaning against Dwayne as the car slowly made its way up. Olive was glued to the window, and the elderly couple across from us could do nothing but stare at us. \"Excuse me,\" the woman said after a while, leaning forward like she was whispering, \"Is that you're child. She's quite cu-\" \"N-n-n-no.\" We said in terrible sync. \"Oh, I apologize, I didn't mean to assume-\" \"It's alright, but we're seventeen, and that's his little sister.\" \"Oh, well…\" I didn't pay attention to the last part of the woman's mumble, trying to keep myself from laughing. The rest of the short ride we sat in uncomfortable silence. When we finally made it to the top the couple jumped out faster than we could stand up. Thankfully, there weren't that many people there that day. We easily found a little cliff edge, and I spilled the food out on the rocks. \"I'm going to go look for cool rocks!\" Olive declared, jogging to the tree line behind us. \"Don't go too far into the woods!\" I yelled, opening a tiny box of cereal, and a bag of Sun Chips. \"I'll get blamed if we lose you!\" Dwayne called over his shoulder, pulling more food out of my bag. \"Well this ended up going better than what it was I guess.\" \"Yeah,\" I mumbled chewing. \"What's your school like?\" \"Like every other school, you know. Everyone if kind of fucked up. Nobody knows who Nietzsche is, everyone is faking it, most people are either lying about getting laid or getting laid every other night. There's always that little group of freshmen who get drunk at least once a week, call people fags, and get a new girlfriend every other week. There's always a few seniors who can't comprehend that they're about to graduate and decide to date a fourteen-year-old. Some senior girls even do it. It's just pretty average. We're pretty average, you know?\" \"Don't you have a group of people you hang out with, or a close friend? What are they like?\" \"Oh, um, no not really. I'm always in the advanced courses, and none of the kids in those classes really like me. I mean, whenever we have class projects there's a little group of four people, that I work with, but we're not very close. I don't really spend time with any of them outside of school. I mostly float, or that's what I kind of like to think. What about you, what was your old school like?\" \"Meh, small, mediocre, catty. Even the guys. Nobody knew who Sigmund Freud was.\" \"Did anyone know who Friedrich Nietzsche was?\" \"Probably not.\" \"Did you have a group of friends? Or a few close friends?\" He lied back on his elbows, as I tucked my knees up to my chin. The cool breeze was welcome, but I was so used to the heat of this damned state it made goose bumps rise up on my arms. \"Yeah, every year I tried to block myself off from people, but kind of gave up. People just liked me way too much. There were three people I mainly spent time with.\" The orange sun cast weird shadows across the jagged rocks in front of us. \"Are you cold?\" He chuckled. I looked down at my shaking hand. \"Isn't New York a little colder than New Mexico?\" \"I just got used to the heat, and it's windy. It's been kind of cooler all day anyway.\" I sighed, tucking my head closer to my knees. \"Do you want my sweatshirt?\" \"You'll be cold then.\" \"I think I'll survive.\" It was sappy, and sweet, and I enjoyed it. There's no shame in that I suppose. A little bit of stereotypical romance was better than common banter, and talks of the asylum of school either way. Healthier even. What do I know? Don't listen to me. Anyway, about thirty minutes later Olive came back with one neat, little rock and we left. The drive back home was tedious, and boring, and though I almost fell asleep like the younger one in the backseat, I managed to suffer through. Dwayne and I prattled on about music for a while, but eventually got bored. \"You know,\" I lifted my head off the window, and forced open my dropping eyes. The little sleep I had got the night before was killing me now. \"Yeah?\" I gazed ahead at the road. \"Do you remember when we were on the trail, that trail you had me drive you to? It started raining, and you twisted you ankle, and we had to stop.\" \"I recall the day.\" \"I figured I should tell you that I tried to kiss you then when we stopped under a tree.\" \"When I hurt my ankle, and you gave you jacket to me?\" \"I…y-yeah, I think so.\" \"Okay, I couldn't figure out what you had been trying to do. I mean, I haven't really thought about it in a while. Oh! Not to sound rude, I mean I've just been preoccupied, and haven't really dwelled on the past too much-\" \"Sera, it's okay that you didn't think about that. I haven't been obsessed with it either, I just thought about it. You don't need to apologize for something like-\" \"Yeah, I do, and I just make things worse whenever words come out of my mouth.\" I spat. \"No,\" he said firmly, \"No, you don't. How come you're so confident in your art, and you writing, but not in your words? I'm pretty sure they're equally as pleasant.\" \"Because paintings and drawings don't require me talking, which I'm not very good at.\" I didn't want to sound like I was wallowing in pity, but it was the truth. I was terrible with verbal stuff. \"I mean, I still appreciate myself, and I love my art and writing, but I just don't like what comes out of my mouth. Besides,\" I yawned, \"I'm all emotional now 'cause I'm tired. I didn't get much sleep last night.\" \"Why not?\" He asked as we finally pulled into my driveway. Unsurprisingly my mother wasn't home yet. I had even left her a note. \"I just went to sleep late, and then had a bad dream. Nothing too serious,\" I chuckled. Olive pulled off her headphones, and hopped out of the car. \"Aren't you coming, Dwayne?\" She asked. \"I'll be over in a second, the keys are under the mat.\" She rolled her eyes, but skipped to the house. We watched her until she closed the door behind her. \"Ooh, I have something to show you!\" I hopped out of the car before he could protest. I propped open the door, waiting for him. \"I've been working on this for a while, but haven't had the time to show you.\" \"What is it?\" He laughed, letting the door silently shut behind him, and following me up the stairs. \"I did a thing, and it ended up kind of nice.\" \"Tell me what it is.\" He groaned up the steps. I swung open my art room door, and patiently waited for him. It was a mess in there, but I couldn't be bothered to care. On my easel, near the center of the room was a painting on a medium sized canvass. \"Wow.\" \"I mean, it's simple, and it was easy to make because it's only twelve colors, but it was fun.\" He gazed at the simple pop art of Nietzsche I had done. \"I started painting that about three weeks-ish ago I think. So, yeah, it's been a while. Not to sound rude, but I'm keeping that one. You have your own little poster thing, I'm keeping my little paint thing of him.\" \"No, no, that's fine. It's just really neat.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" I leaned onto my toes, the boost of height helping my boost in ego. Dwayne watched me for a few moments. Before I could ask why he leaned down to my level, and kissed me softly. Slowly, I rose up on my toes so he wouldn't have to stoop, wrapping my arms around his neck. We parted, unsynchronized breath shallow. I smiled, pulling back. He heaved a sigh, glancing out the window of the room to his house, and to his own room. \"I should get back to Olive.\" \"Okay, see you tomorrow.\" \"Besides, you should go to bed, and try not to have bad dreams tonight.\" He playfully punched my shoulder, and turned to go. I watched him shuffle down the stairs to the front door. My eyes started drooping again, and I barely made it back to my room to fall asleep, still fully dressed. yes it was a filler chapter. yes it was sappy. yes i have horrible grammar. yes it's almost Super Bowl Sunday, and almost no one cares this year. yes it'll be more action, and conflict filled next time. yes this was late. yes it's like 12:27 and i've been up since 5. whatevs. oh dear lord i typed whatevs and I'm not even capitalizing my 'I''s. it's time to go to bed. please review or favoriotgndkd...zzzzzzzzzzz[Chapter 12] \"I think it's your turn to answer some questions for me now.\" I looked from behind my book. I had my head in Dwayne's lap, and he lazily stroked my hair. \"Like what?\" \"You didn't really answer me about your old school and past flames.\" \"Oh, well, my old school we pretty small. There were only like seventy-some people in my grade, and I don't know. Some days everyone was really nice, and other's everyone was being an ass. I didn't really have any past 'flames' I suppose. Well, except Andrew, but not really. I mean, we were never actually dating, and we didn't really have a relationship at all. I don't know, we both sort of realized that we could date, I think, but I'm pretty sure we friend-zoned each other. I don't know, I liked being friends with him more than I liked the idea of us dating or anything like that. That doesn't bother you, right?\" \"The fact that you've had a potential romantic partner before me? Only is I was some womanizing bastard, I suppose, but you know…I'm not, so it's all good.\" I batted at his shoulder. \"I didn't mean that.\" I scoffed reaching for the T.V. remote. About a week later my best friend called. \"All three of you are coming?!\" \"Yeah, we're getting on the plane tonight, I think we'll be there tomorrow afternoon. At least we better be…\" She mumbled off. \"And I see you're talking again. I was thinking about sending you a letter, but I wasn't sure how fast it could go through…\" \"Yeah, I had a little issue before, and-\" \"Anyway! Oh, sorry, didn't mean to cut in on your sentence, but I've really got to be going soon. It's going to be me, and Jacob, and Andrew .\" She sing-songed the last name. \"No, I mean, that's alright. I need to tell you something just to make sure, I'm in a rela-\" There were more voices over the phone. \"I'm so sorry, Sera, if we don't go now we're really going to miss the flight. I'm sorry, you can tell me everything! BYE!\" Two other voices rang from around the speaker. \"I hope this doesn't end badly.\" I whispered to the empty space around me, rubbing at my eyes. I was excited to see Liza, and Jacob, and Andrew, but she had said something earlier that had worried me. About Andrew especially wanting to see me. She meant well by it, and I could barely get a word in the entire time, so I held onto the shred of hope that she wouldn't be too upset with me when they arrived. The first I would do would be to introduce them to Dwayne. That seemed like the least rude and most effective way to do that. \"Are you okay, Sera? You've been acting a little strangely all day.\" Olive was craning her neck to look at me from her spot on the floor in front of the couch. \"I don't know,\" I saw Dwayne glancing at me from the corner of his eye. \"Three of my friends are coming from New York, and they're going to be here in a few hours. I'm just nervous I guess.\" \"Why would you be nervous to see your friends?\" \"I have no idea.\" I said exasperated. \"They only told me yesterday that they were coming, so I kind of rushed to clean up the entire house this morning, and then I had to tell my mom.\" \"Who are they?\" Dwayne asked. \"Umm, my girlfriend Liza, and my other two friends Jacob, and Andrew. You can meet them if you want I guess. I mean, of course you can. They'll be here for a week, so, yeah, you'll meet them. Oh, and don't get too flustered if Jake flirts with you; it's just what he does.\" He laughed; the slightest bit of discomfort showing in his voice. \"Really?\" \"I'm being completely serious. He'll flirt with you, and you'll fall for it.\" \"I like you, and I'm straight. I think I'll be able to refuse his advances.\" I scoffed. \"No, you won't. The star basketball player who constantly called things 'gay' and called Jake a 'faggot' on numerous occasions checked him out a few times, and almost kissed him after being put under the spell of his seduction. I saw the entire thing, it was hysterical.\" I glanced at the stoic expression on his face. \"I'm just joking! Not about the basketball player, but, eh…I have enough faith in you.\" Carefully, I observed his face, hoping I hadn't damaged his masculinity too much. \"Olive, you'll be alright if we go over to her house, right?\" \"I thought she said that her friends were coming in a few hours.\" He shifted on the sofa, leaning over the edge. \"Yeah, but she's still got to clean up, and I'm going to help her.\" Olive sighed like she didn't believe it, and she probably didn't, but either we both popped up from the seat, and jogged out of the door. \"So what are we really doing besides cleaning my house, and waiting for my friends?\" \"Well,\" he breathed out, \"I imagined that we could talk, and you could possibly help me learn some sort of instrument.\" \"How about ukulele?\" My hand, scrunched up in the sweater sleeve, groped for the door handle. \"I was wondering if you had a guitar. Or even piano.\" \"Oh, yeah, I have both actually. Well,\" I let the door hang open as he walked in, \"I can't actually play guitar. My hands are too small to play a lot of things on it, and I've never had a teacher. But you can play it, I'm sure your hands are big enough.\" \"Your hands can't be that…\" Spinning around I pressed my hand to his, \"…Oh.\" He giggled, watching our hands, and folding his fingers over my fingertips. \"Heh, this is kind of fun. I didn't realize you had such tiny hands.\" \"My mom says I have kid hands.\" I answered plainly. \"Well, I don't think you have kid hands.\" \"No, it's just because my hands are soft, and small, and kind of clammy sometimes.\" \"Meh.\" Was his simple response. \"So if you want to do stuff on that you can, but I can't help you. I can try to help you with piano, but I'm a really bad teacher.\" \"I'm sure you can teach me something.\" \"There is a slim chance.\" I snickered as we sprinted up the stairs. \"I am not athletic at all. I don't understand you.\" I groaned. We had trailed a bit off from the topic of music and piano. \"It's not too much different from you being dedicated to music and writing. I just work out because you need to be fit to fly, and it helps me when I'm stressed. It's not that different.\" \"I mean, I like to dance when I'm stressed, but it's not real dance, and so it's not really exercise.\" I leaned away from him on the bench trying to see his face. \"Sera, do you-\" Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock! \"Ah, sorry, that's probably my friends. Come hither with me, my faithful person!\" I sprang up from the bench, hitting my knee on it in the process, and possibly hurting myself. But I ignored the pain for now. I was down the stairs before Dwayne was halfway down them. \"Come on!\" I urged, as I reached a hand out to open the door. Dwayne was three steps from the floor when I opened the door. I made a stupid mistake of opening the door with literal open arms. Someone's face clashed into mine in a way that wasn't unpleasant, but I wasn't going to let it happen. Everything seemed t happen so slowly, but it was only a few moments of my life. I pushed away Andy, and turned to Dwayne. He looked shocked and panicked. \"D-Dwayne.\" \"SERA!\" In the back of my mind I heard Jake and Liza yell as they walked into the hall. \"Dwayne, please, you know…\" I couldn't finish. His expression was hard, and solid. Barely holding any expression. Blank. And then he ran. He sprinted out of the door faster than I had ever seen him run. Everyone was quiet. \"I'm sorry, Sera, no one told me. I didn't know that you…I mean, if I had known that…nothing would've happened. I'm so sorry.\" \"It's alright.\" Liza pushed her way to the front of the three. \"Sera, why didn't you tell me you had a boyfriend when we were on the phone. That would've saved from all of this.\" \"Don't listen to her.\" Jake chided, \"She's still upset from the plane ride.\" He whispered only loud enough for me to hear. \"I need to go talk to him. Now. I'm sorry, you guys, I'll be back in a few minutes.\" \"No. You need to stay here.\" Jake grasped my arm lightly. \"I know guys. Just let him cool down for a few minutes for now.\" \"But…but I…fine.\" I sighed. I stayed at the house with my friends, pretending that nothing had happened. That was excruciating. I know, I know...totally expected and cliche and whatever. I won't type too much because I'm about to fall asleep, but please review if you please it motivates me a ton, and I hope you liked it. Sorry if it's kind of short though.[Chapter 13] nothing had happened. That was excruciating. \"Mom?\" I stared at the woman in the doorway. She was holding bags of groceries, and looked just as surprised as I felt. \"Sera? Your friends are here?\" \"Yeah, I told you they were coming. How come your home this early?\" \"I just needed to stop by to drop of groceries because there was a sale. I have to leave though to go to a meeting now though, and I'll be home late.\" \"Okay, Mom,\" I said to her back, as she was already walking out of the kitchen. \"And I'm glad to see you've finally given up that ridiculous vow!\" \"Thanks…Mom.\" I said to a closed door. My friends were silent for a moment. \"That was…weird.\" Said Liza after a minute. \"Yeah, I never see her anymore. She has to constantly work.\" \"So, why did you stop your vow? It better not have been because of some guy.\" I sincerely hoped that she hadn't been talking about Dwayne, but she probably was. \"Heh, no, one day I was out, and almost got robbed, and I screamed for help, but ended up getting the guy away from me, and my stuff was fine, so I had to end it. That was part of my whole thing; if I talked at all in any way I would stop the vow.\" \"I'm going to go to the bathroom.\" Andy said after another moment of quiet. \"It's down the hall, and the second door on the left.\" I answered, forgetting my mother for a moment. \"Thanks.\" After he left, Jacob leaned across the table, closer to me. \"Tell me all about that guy, and how you met.\" \"I want to know everything too!\" Liza scooted closer to me. \"C'mon guys, it's late, we should be getting to bed soon anyway. I don't know if I have time for…\" \"TELL US!\" \"Okay, okay…his mom came over to welcome us, but we weren't really friends at first. I sort of humored his little sister because she's one of the best kids in the world, and I adore her, so Dwayne and I just sort of ended up spending time together. He had to go on this long road trip with his family one time, and when he came back he was talking, but that was because of other reasons. Anyway, a little after that the guy tried to mug me, and Dwayne was about to help, but I screamed and scared the guy away. \"And then I started talking, and Dwayne and I were closer than we were than when we were passing notes. We…well one day we were just sort of messing around, and he kissed me. Then he got all upset, and I went over to his house, and finally told him that I liked him, and it turned out that he liked me. It's pretty boring and simple.\" \"How long have you been together?\" Liza asked giddily. \"I don't know, a little more than two weeks. I'm not really keeping track.\" \"Now tell us about him!\" Jake piped up. \"Oh, I don't know…I mean, like what do you want to know?\" \"What he's like. What are some of his hobbies, goals, aspirations. How he is in bed.\" \"Jacob!\" I backed away from the table. \"I'm just joking. I could find that out myself if I wanted to.\" \"You're such an idiot,\" I breathed, \"But anyway. He reads a lot of Nietzsche. You guys might not know who that is. It's not really important. We swap books. Talk about simple things I guess, and then talk about oblivion and things like that. He's kind of serious, some of the time, and has a weird, dry sense of humor. I don't know! Maybe if you guys could meet him this would be easier.\" \"Oh, we'll meet him.\" He said, nodding at Liza. \"Indeed we shall.\" She answered back. \"I'm tired.\" I said flatly. \"I'm going to bed. I'll lay out a bunch of pillows, and blankets for you and Andy to sleep in my art room. Ooh! You know what? I have two exercise mats that are both super comfortable. I'll go lay those out.\" I sprung up from my seat, and sprinted up the stairs. So, yeah it was short you've seen a little of her friends, a little of her mom, stuff...it was a filler and boring but leave me your reviews. This is coming to a close I think. I'm pretty sure only two more chapters, and those will hopefully be longer. Sorry, guys, I've been so focused on this one story which I just finished today, but I also felt kind of bad for sort of leaving this for even that amount of time.[Chapter 14] I didn't sleep too well. My mind was everywhere, worrying about how much of an idiot I was with Dwayne, and how badly I felt for Andy. No one had told him, it wasn't really his fault. After the fact he had apologized for about two hours. At that point I wasn't sure whether I should have taken Jacob's advice or not. Liza seemed to agree, but I wasn't sure. Just because the boys they had dated before needed to be treated like that didn't mean I should do the same with Dwayne, did it? It was 3 A.M. when I finally went to sleep. It was 6 A.M. when I finally woke up. Everybody else was still sleeping. I knew this was my chance to get out. As quietly as I could I grabbed a pair of dirty shorts, and the first t-shirt I saw on the floor. It had a giant white flower on the front which appeared to be stained by some kind of dark, unknown thing. I didn't care. I closed the front door silently behind me. Jogging onto the sidewalk, I realized how ridiculous this was. Dwayne probably wasn't even awake at this stupid hour. I slowed on the pavement, and glanced around. Everything was so calm, and nice. I should wake up at this time more often. Carefully I walked up to their door, and raised a hand to knock. But before my shaking hand could make a sound the door open. It was Olive. \"Yes?\" \"Oh. Hi, I mean…Is Dwayne awake I really need to talk to him. I know it's really early, but…hey. Why are you awake?\" \"Dwayne woke up early, and ended up waking me up. Plus I went to bed early last night.\" \"Did he seem…?\" \"Annoyed, frustrated, quiet?\" \"…Yeah.\" I admired her tiny, brain thesaurus. \"Yeah, I was about to come over to your house, and ask why.\" \"Yeah…well,\" there was no point in dumbing it down for the kid, I figured, \"One of my friends, who didn't know Dwayne, and I are together kissed me as soon as he walked in the door way, and your brother was right there. Right next to me.\" \"Oh…that sucks.\" \"Please, I need to see him.\" \"I don't really actually know where he is. Mom and Dad are still asleep anyway. But he said he was going out for a run, only a few minutes ago.\" I cursed under my breath. \"So you have no idea where he is?\" I asked swaying on the heels of my feet. \"Nope. He never says where he's going.\" \"Okay…alright. Well, thanks anyway, Olive.\" I said at last, turning toward the road again. \"Are you going to find him?!\" She asked once I was out on the pavement. \"I guess I kind of have to.\" I shrugged. For the next thirty minutes I sat in the empty kitchen, slurping hot chocolate. At first I planned on being adventurous, and going off without a clue as to where he might be. Then I decided that might be a mistake, and so I was sitting, wasting my time, wondering. And then it hit me. It was sort of like when you have something on the tip of your tongue, but you can't figure it out for the entire day, and once it's nearly useless you remember it. Well, that's how happy I felt, but it wasn't useless. This time, not even bothering to be quiet, I sprinted out of the house, and down the sidewalk. He was exactly where I thought he would be. Sitting out in the middle of an abandoned lot that had overgrown into a field. His back was too me, but as soon as I stopped to gasp for air, his head turned a little to the side. He knew I was there. I jogged the rest of the way to him. Setting my hands on my knees, and plopping onto the ground next to him. \"I'm sorry…I'm so, so, so, so sorry. Apparently Andy doesn't really like me anyway. Liza and Jake just sort of forced him into doing that. I'm…sorry.\" I panted. \"I'm acting like a child.\" He stated, not even looking at me. \"What?\" \"I'm acting ridiculous, like a…like a fucking twelve-year-old or something.\" I sat back on my knees. \"I did not run all this way for you to say that you were the one who was wrong. If anything you should be mad. I'm sorry!\" I said forcefully. He smirked, and glanced at me out of the corner of his eyes. I shrunk down a little bit. \"I'm sorry.\" \"I just don't want to act like an asshole like Richard or my dad.\" \"I'm not saying you should be an ass to me, but you can be a little upset.\" \"I was upset yesterday.\" He shrugged. \"How did you find me?\" He asked, plucking a long piece of grass, and slowly tearing it in two. \"Ah, I don't really know. I just remember you saying something about this field once, and I ran out here.\" \"I can see that.\" He nodded toward my chest, still heaving a little. \"I'm not exactly the best runner.\" I sighed, moving closer to him. \"That was a cheap line, wasn't it?\" \"About what? Not wanting to be your father?\" I stared off at the sky. \"Yeah,\" he mumbled. \"Yeah…yeah, you're pretty full of angst, aren't you?\" \"I'm a teenager.\" He smirked, glancing over at me again, dropping the piece of grass, and wrapping a hand around my shoulders, pulling me close to him. \"This was so…ridiculous.\" \"Your face is ridiculous.\" I shrunk in a little bit, shaking my head. \"I'm sorry, I got like three hours of sleep. Just disregard everything I say unless it's an apology.\" I felt him pull me closer again, and kiss the top of my head. \"I think I'll disregard some of those too, and maybe pay attention to some other stuff instead.\" I sighed. \"That's your choice. If something insane comes out of my mouth, you can deal with it.\" He leaned back to look at me. \"You're weird.\" \"I agree heartily with that.\" He scoffed. \"Now, may I kiss you?\" \"I-eh-yeah…I mean, yeah, sure.\" After a moment, Dwayne's hands were firmly holding my waist, and my hands were tangled up in his hair. It was fun, and strange to act like normal teenagers for a few minutes. We broke apart, smiling, and breathing heavily. \"We should probably get back.\" \"Yeah, I kind of left Olive.\" As we were walking he stopped suddenly. \"You're not wearing shoes?\" \"Oh,\" I looked down at my scratched up feet. They were dirty, and red from running. \"I guess not, I left my house so fast I forgot.\" \"Well…I would give you my shoes, but would just fall out of them.\" \"I'm fine, Dwayne. My feet are fine.\" That was a lie. They hurt a lot. \"Then I guess we could do this.\" \"Wha-!\" He scooped me up in his arms, and instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist. \"What are you doing?\" I asked, feeling the blood rush up to my face as I rested my arms around his shoulders. \"Carrying you.\" I don't know guys...I'm not feeling too much inspiration for this story, so I'm sorry if this was pathetically bland or they were out of character... Anyway, I hope you liked, and please review. I'm needy. Besides only one chapter left![Chapter 15] It had been about a month since the painfully dramatic ordeal with my friends, and school was starting tomorrow. I had my fantastic four-year-old book bag, a pack of pens, pencils, and everything. But that makes me sound like I was excited to be starting up a new school year. I hate school. I really, really hate school. Don't get me wrong, I love learning, and the idea of school is a rather good one. But the way it's generally approached, and the people I have to be around for a far too prolonged period of time, doesn't really ever excite me. I already had my schedule, and had compared it to Dwayne's. We had a couple classes together. To me that wasn't too important. The bus came early, while I was still half asleep. Somehow I had clothes on, and was actually prepared to get on. I stood on the corner with Dwayne. I supposed one of us could drive to school, but apparently you need to check in to do that, and get a spot in the parking lot. I don't know. It sounded like too much work. The bus creaked to a stop in front of us. \"I would apologize for the asses that you'll be surrounded by soon, but I'm not going say sorry for them. You can sit with me if you want?\" He muttered as the doors swung open. \"I might…you're a little too uncool for someone like me, mister.\" The woman driving was a stick, and wearing a giant sweatshirt from some nearby college added to the effect. She stopped me. \"Seraphie Adams?\" I kept my jaw closed tightly as I nodded. There were a few tired looking kids sitting near the front, most of them outcasts. I walked a little faster toward Dwayne as the bus lurched forward, and I nearly fell on my face. As I plopped into the seat next to him, I heard two boys in the seats behind us snorting. \"Hey, vow-boy, you got a girlfriend?!\" One chuckled as the other broke out into near hysterics. I sunk down lower in the seat. \"Yeah, we've seen you guys out. Neither of you talk, right? Do you…\" he giggled like a horse, \"Do you like silently fuck, or whatever?!\" I jumped as one of them slapped the horrible, squeaky, brown seats, and sunk even lower. Dwayne just flipped them off. About two months passed of the same things on the bus. At least I was doing great in every class. I never really said anything, but my school had been a bit harder on everyone, and the whole curriculum had been a bit more advanced. Every class was like a nice little review, well, except creative writing. I mean, I was acing that class, but everything was new, and different from what I had done before. But that's all beside the point of some little exciting stuff that happened. Dwayne and I were waiting in the sickly green main lobby, waiting for the buses to come. There wasn't too much harassment on the bus anymore. Those guys usually drove home on their own, so they had sort of slowly become less, and less of a problem. There were probably a hundred other people all standing around, swaying, waiting. \"Hey, vow bow! Quiet girl!\" I cringed, and nudged Dwayne. \"I heard him. It's alright.\" I muttered something that was so unintelligible I don't even remember what I was saying. \"Sera, I don't know what you're worried about.\" \"I'm not worried. I'm just annoyed. And tired, I got like three hours of sleep last night.\" \"Why?\" He asked, nearly rolling his eyes, and draping an arm around the back of my shoulders. \"Because I stayed up for a while, then woke up because I had a nightmare.\" \"HEY, vow boy, having trouble getting any with this one. Don't really know why you would, anyway, but face it dude, you got friend-zoned a while ago.\" \"Jesus fucking chri…\" I murmured. Dwayne opened his mouth to say something insulting back, or maybe even punch him in the face. Instead he was kissed by me. I held my hands firmly on his shoulders, and kissed him in front of everyone. \"Alright, A: Shut the hell up about the friend-zone, moron. B: Yes, yes we are in a relationship, and you need to find some other way to carry out your own petty life other them tormenting us. Be on the soccer team, or start early spring training, I don't care, just leave me alone.\" I said strongly. He looked completely shocked. His mouth was actually hanging open. I'm fairly certain everyone around us was equally surprised. After a few more minutes of gaping like a fish, he stormed off. Dwayne hugged me as soon as he was three steps away. \"I don't think anyone has ever said anything like that to him.\" He grinned. \"I don't think I've ever kissed anyone in public like that, either. That was a bit weird.\" I shifted. \"Do you want to just go home?\" I finally asked, brushing at his hand. He raised an eyebrow, \"Sure.\" \"I kind of wish I was back in New York.\" \"Why? It isn't because of…?\" \"No, no, it's just that it's fall, and that was my favorite season there because all of the trees would be all these different colors.\" I smiled, thinking about how nice home actually had been for once. \"There was this one tree that's leaves turned pink every year, and one time I saw I snowy owl in it.\" \"There are owls in New York?\" \"Mhmm, in a place in sort of really northern Pennsylvania which I ended up visiting a lot because it was really pretty there all the time too, they had a ton of eagles. Okay, well, not a ton, but there were three or four little eagle families. That was pretty neat. But also kind of horrifying, eagles are gigantic, and I didn't even realize it until one flew over me this one time, and…what?\" I finally glanced up a Dwayne who had a permanent smirk plastered on his face. \"You're just…you're just always so interesting.\" \"C'mon, Dwayne, don't be such a sap.\" I said, nudging him over on the sidewalk. \"I know, but it's true.\" He chuckled, nudging me back. \"Well,\" he drawled, and slowed as we passed his house, \"I should go home.\" \"You're coming to my house.\" I said, looping my arm into his, and jogging down the sidewalk, and towing him along. He was close behind as I ran up to my art room to play him something mildly impressive on my piano. I set my hands in my lap as I finished, and glanced over at him. \"That was nice.\" He whispered, leaning in slowly, and softly kissing me. I wrapped my arms around the back of his neck, deepening the kiss as he ran his hands through my hair. He quickly pulled back, like he was surprised. He moved his hands away from me like I was hot coals. \"I'm sorry, what's wrong?\" \"I just, I didn't think that you…I mean, I'm sorry, I didn't even…\" \"Because your hand was up my shirt?\" I said blandly. \"Well, yeah.\" \"I'll tell you when to stop, and if or when you've overstepped any sort of boundary, alright.\" I kissed him lightly. I wasn't kidding, if he did anything I thought was too far, I would stop it all. I had run over scenarios in my head hundreds of times. But at this point, there was less and less that was ' too far '. \"Alright.\" He whispered, and we both leaned in again. My hands were shaking. A small part of me wanted to wait for my mom to get home to open up the letter, but I had already waited so long. It was a letter from New York University for their creative writing program. I had applied to a few other colleges, and had been accepted to one of them, but that would all be tossed out the window if I was to be accepted into NYU. It was the college of my dreams. Okay, well being accepted to MIT or any other Ivy League would have been nice, but I hadn't even bothered to apply to those. Dwayne had already been accepted to New Mexico University, and was going to major in aeronautical engineering, which is just people who build planes. He said that he figured if he couldn't fly them, then he had to at least get close to something that could fly away. I sat alone in the kitchen, holding it with two hands. And then it was open. I barely remember tearing the paper; all I remember is frantically opening up the folded piece of paper, and skimming it with eyes nearly full of excited tears, and clutching my nervous stomach. The tears spilled over. I clamped a hand over my mouth so I wouldn't cry out. There were two knocks at the door that I nearly ignored. I said that it was open at the last second. Dwayne bustled in, shrugging off his sweater, and jogging into the kitchen. He stopped when he saw the tears in my eyes. \"Oh, no…\" he whispered, glancing down at the papers on the counter. He clutched my head to his chest, in a semi-uncomfortable hug. \"Wait, what?\" I slowly moved my hand away from my face. \"No, I got in. What are you doing?\" \"Oh, well…you were crying…?\" \"Happy tears, I guess.\" I said shrugging. He just hugged me again, but I saw him roll his eyes out of the corner of my eyes. \"You're so weird.\" \"Be quiet Mr. Aeronautical Engineer.\" \"So you'll live in New York City?\" He asked after a moment once we had sat down at the tall chairs at the side of counter. \"Yup, I guess. That'll be pretty fun.\" A soft, girly giggle escaped my mouth. \"That's pretty far away from New Mexico.\" I sighed. \"I know, but…you know.\" \"No, I'm not saying you should give up this awesome college just because I'm staying in this damn state. I was just…\" \"Yeah, I know. I mean are we going to keep on…?\" \"I would like to, but I understand if you don't want to.\" \"Yes.\" \"Yes, what?\" He asked slowly, with a slightly pained expression painted across his face. \"Yes, we'll stay in a relationship, and just see where it goes from there. We can call, and e-mail each other, and just do things like that.\" I said sure of myself because, well, I was very sure of myself. Whew the website was being weird, or this would've been up a little sooner. It wasn't really letting me paste correctly, but...eh, what can you do. Anyway, here comes the super (maybe not so) long writer letter at the end of the story. I am pleased with this story I believe. It's not my favorite, but I'm pleased with it, and hope you are as well. I've enjoyed writing this, and hope you liked reading it. This was much easier to finish than my first fic I finish (which was actually like my third fic, but it was the first one I finished), I'll say that much. Anyway, review, and stuff, and I may or may not be doing a little series of one-shots about these guys, so if you're interested tell me below, but don't hold your breath because I'm finishing up a fic that needed to finished months ago, planning out a new one, currently updating another one, and ALSO writing a series of one-shots for this other story I just finished up. Bye. ","Summary":" So I am completely redoing this story. I still like the idea of it, but I wrote this two years ago,"},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Kind Stranger","Author":"Evil-Queen-Charlotte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5135010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue When Rose first had to move to California she never thought should would ever live in her birth town ever again. She knew she would visit eventually, but moving back was just wishful thinking. What depressed her the most was remembering close to nothing while living there. Her mother, father, and older brother left when she was five; halfway through pre-school. None of that mattered now for here she was back in her wonderful town that she couldn't wait to get to know better. Holding a box of her things she stood outside her family's new house. The hot summer sun was beating down on her, but she paid no heed to it. It was not the best house, but it was a decent two story with a small front lawn. Surely it will be covered with plants soon, her mum was a landscape designer. \"Rose I thought you hated the sun, why are you standing in it now?\" asked her father as he walked past her carrying two suitcases. Rose just ignored his comment and walked into the house and up the stairs. There were three bedrooms and three bathrooms and Rose picked the bedroom that was the smallest and put her box down. She quietly left and went back outside. She found her mum handing boxes to her dad and waited to get more of her things. \"Rose, I'm going to go unpack kitchen items so we can have dinner tonight, can you finish getting yours and Xandar's stuff into the correct rooms?\" she asked hopping out of the moving van. Rose nodded and hopped up and started shifting through the small amount of boxes that remained. Xandar was her older brother by two years, but he was still in California. He wanted to spend more time with his girlfriend. Over a few minutes Rose had moved all of her brother's boxes to the left side of the truck at the back so she would be able to reach them from the ground and all her things to the right side. As she jumped down to the ground she accidentally knocked on of her boxes down and unfortunately for her, it had all her books in it. She landed on and ground with a 'thud' and her books were scattered on top of her and on the ground around her. She coughed from where she had the air knocked out of her. That's when she first met him. That pathetic view of her falling to the ground thanks to the weight of literature and gravity had caught his attention and he couldn't help but want to help his new neighbour. Rose stared up at the head of black hair as he began to pick up some of her books and place then neatly back into the box. At first, Rose didn't know what to make of this as she continued to lay there on the ground, too indifferent to care. Soon once all her books were picked up this stranger that appeared from seemingly no where to her held out his hand in a kind gesture to help her to her feet. When their hands touched she felt the soft looking hands to discover that they were quite calloused. She was equally shocked when the force of his helpful pull shot her straight through the air and she would have slammed into the kind stranger, but he had expected this reaction and carefully steadied her by holding onto her shoulders. He gave her a concerned look and her only reply was a nod of her head. He then picked up the box of books and handed it to her. She nodded her head again and gave a small smile in appreciation before turning to go into her house. The stranger watched and then walked back to his house. That was the most interesting experience he ever had while taking out the garbage.[Chapter 2] Chapter One \"Rose would you please come down stairs, our neighbours are here,\" came the voice of reason, also known as her mother from the front room. Rose slowly made her way down the stairs and was greeted with the site of four people. One looked like a grandfather, a mother, and two children, one of which was the kind stranger from just the other day. \"This is our daughter Rose. She doesn't talk much, she claims it wastes too much strength,\" said her father. Rose ignored his comment and just nodded her head towards the guests in a sort of awkward bow. \"Oh well we don't mind, Dwayne, my son, recently took a vow of silence,\" replied the woman. So now the kind stranger had a name, but would he remain a stranger? \"I'm Olive! And that's my Grandpa, he teaches me how to dance. Do you like to dance?\" she asked shaking Rose's hand. Rose merely shook her head 'no' . \"Nice to meet you folks,\" said the grandfather. \"And I'm Sheryl, my husband is Richard, but he's at work right now,\" the mother introduced and shook hands with Rose's parents. \"I'm Anna, and this is my husband Paul,\" said Rose's mother. \"Well if you need any help finding things around here you can always ask us,\" said Sheryl as she put and hand on Dwayne's shoulder. \"Actually, we know where everything is, we used to live here,\" said Paul proudly. \"Oh really, and where did you move from?\" asked Sheryl. \"Come on Olive let's go work on your routine some more,\" said their grandfather. Olive nodded happily before giving a hasty 'good bye' and walking out the front door with her grandfather. \"Oh Dwayne why don't you help Rose here unpack. I'm sure she could use the help,\" said Rose's mum. \"That's a good idea, I'll come get you when I'm leaving,\" said Sheryl. Dwayne just turned to Rose and they both silently walked up the stairs. Rose had spent all her earlier energy working on her brother's room and now she had to organize everything in her room. All her furniture was set up, but she still had to move it and add all her things to them. While they were walking up the stairs Rose had not paid any attention to Dwayne, it was when they were in her room when she felt a tap on her shoulder. She saw him hold up a pad of paper and looked over and read what it said. 'What do you need help with?' Rose just point to the furniture and Dwayne got the point behind it. They walked over to the bookcase first and together lifted it and put it against the wall. Dwayne continued to help Rose until his mum came and said they had to go home for dinner. Rose nodded her thanks to Dwayne and he accepted that as her way of thanks. \"So Dwayne, did you like the new girl next door? You'll finally have someone nearby who is your age,\" said his mum that night when she walked into his room while he was reading. His response was to just stare up at her telling her he knew there was more meaning behind the words. \"And she was very pretty with a unique name. You know you don't hear classic names like that enough anymore. Anyway I think you two would be good for each other. Her parents told me she is a slight insomniac and when she does get some sleep, it isn't much. That's why she doesn t talk much because she thinks it wastes too much energy that she doesn't have.\" Dwayne grabbed his pad of paper and wrote a response. 'She's nice. But I don't see how we can help each other.' \"Well maybe you two can become an invincible silent duo? I don't know, I'm probably just tired so I'm babbling. Good night sweetie.\" Sheryl kissed Dwayne on his forehead before leaving his room. Dwayne decided to get some sleep and laid down on his bed and stared up at his ceiling. For some reason, he couldn't get what his mother said about Rose out of his head. He never even thought people couldn't have the energy to talk.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two A month had passed and July was approaching. Xandar was now at the new house but he stayed in his room majority of the time. The front lawn garden was coming along nicely thanks to their mother's design. Over the month Rose found herself spending almost all her time with Dwayne. It started off with his mum suggesting he helped her with moving in and soon they just felt comfortable around each other that they would spend the entire day together. Of course they spent most of the time outside under a tree reading, but it was a comfortable silence. When they talked to each other, Rose adopted Dwayne's notebook as her own as well and they wrote out their conversations to each other. Dwayne found it nice to talk to someone who understood him more then his family. He was still unsure whether they were friends or anything but he appreciated Rose's presence. He also appreciated her profound way of thinking. 'How long has it been since you first took your vow of silence?' Rose wrote one afternoon as they were sitting in Dwayne's room. The day was a tad hotter then it had been and they were not comfortable outside. 'Almost nine months.' was her reply. 'I admire how dedicated you are. Also how you follow the works of Nietzsche. He was a great philosopher.' 'Thanks. So is there more to your silence then you think it's a waste of energy?' 'I enjoy silence, and also I believe the saying 'it is better to stay silent and be thought a fool then to talk and remove all doubt'.' 'I like that saying as well.' 'We use to sing a song about it in choir.' 'Choir?' 'I was in my school's advanced choir for a few years.' 'Do you still sing?' 'Occasionally in the shower. Why?' 'Just curious, I would like to hear that song someday.' 'Maybe.' Dwayne just nodded his head and then they decided to just go back to reading. Rose was currently reading a book that had Japanese death poems in it and Dwayne was reading the predictable: Nietzsche. Over that month the two had found out a lot of information about the other. For Rose, she found out that Dwayne wanted to be in the Air Force and was staying silent until he achieved that goal. He also liked art and reading. He didn't have friends and he couldn't stand his family. He explained that Richard was his step dad and Olive was his half sister, but he liked her the most. For Dwayne, he found out that Rose wanted to be a photographer and he really liked some of her work. He also noticed she drew a lot and even got to have one of her sketches of an old fashioned airplane that he framed and put on his wall. She had also taken a great liking to his wall drawing of Nietzsche. \"The silver swan who living rnhad no note. when death approached. Unlocked her silent throat. Leaning her breast, Against the reedy shore. Thus sang her first, and last, and sang, And sang no more. Farewell all joys, Oh death come close mine eyes. More geese then swan, now live more fools, More fools, than wise.\" Sang Rose after they had read for a few minutes. The second she started singing Dwayne looked up and watched her. When she finished she just went back to reading her book, until Olive came in to the room. \"Was that you singing Rose?\" asked Olive jumping onto Dwayne's bed next to her. Rose just nodded her head in reply. \"You are a great singer, have you ever been in a competition?\" Confused Rose shook her head slowly. \"Oh well, I think you should, you would win for sure.\" Then Olive got up and left the room. Rose turned her attention to Dwayne for an explanation. 'She participates in beauty pageants.' Rose the put an understanding look on her face and went back to reading. She head Dwayne's pen writing something on the pad of paper but ignored it until she felt a tap on her shoulder. She looked at the paper. 'You really do have a nice singing voice.' Rose then gave Dwayne a genuine smile, as opposed to the small one she gave him when they first met. Dwayne gave a small smile back and they went back to reading. That night while Rose was eating dinner with her family they turned to her and she looked up confused at them. \"Rose, for your brother's birthday we'll be going to California so he can spend it with his girlfriend. And we're going to go visit some family. Now you don't have to come if you don't want to, but you can if you want,\" said her mum. Rose just shook her head. \"Oh my gosh, just talk,\" said Xandar rolling his eyes. Rose glared at him. \"So you want to stay here?\" asked her father. Rose nodded her head. \"Okay, well I'm going to tell the neighbours to check up on you, we trust you, you should know that since this isn't the first time we left you alone by yourself at home,\" said her mum. Rose nodded and they all went back to eating. Her family didn't leave until two days later. The first night she stayed at her house but the second night she had dinner next door. Which consisted of take out Chinese and some salad. After dinner Rose and Dwayne were flipping through her recent pictures of the neighbourhood, Olive dancing, and a few of herself that Dwayne took and a few of Dwayne. They were sitting on his bed and going through the pictures on her camera. He point at the ones he liked and tried to delete the ones he didn't like, which were all the ones of him. Rose just slapped his hand away every time he attempted. Soon they stopped at one that was a picture of them reading under a tree. Rose was laying on her stomach reading and Dwayne had his back leaning against the trunk of the tree that shaded them, reading as well. This was typical but the thing that caught their attention was first: Rose's eyes were glanced over at Dwayne, and Dwayne's eyes were looking down at her, and second: who took the picture? 'When was this?' wrote Dwayne. 'The other day. I left my camera in your room.' 'Then who took this picture?' 'My guess, Olive.' 'Probably.' They went back to looking at pictures but Rose couldn't help herself and wrote: 'So, what were you looking at?' She smirked up at him. 'You.' was the simple reply before he went back to flipping through the pictures. Rose couldn't help but smile before watching the pictures he was looking at as well. Eventually she got tired, which made sense sine it was pretty late, and just laid her head on his shoulder. He didn't mind and continued flipping through the pictures on the camera. The next morning Sheryl went to go check on his son when she found more then one person in the room. Both were dead asleep on the bed. Their backs leaning against the wall and Dwayne had Rose's camera in his hand next to him on the bed. She smiled and walked over and shifted them so then were lying down on the small twin size bed. She then moved the plaid comforter so it was over both of them. She then took the camera and placed it on the bedside table. She then quietly left the room and smile plastered on her face. Dwayne woke up and felt he had his arm draped around something, and it was warm. At first he thought it was Olive since sometimes she would have nightmares and would sleep with him. He was surprised to find it was Rose though when he opened his eyes. He sat up and looked around and saw her camera next to him on the table. That's when he figured out that someone must have moved them. He laid down again and felt Rose shift and move onto her back and open her eyes. At first she was confused, she looked over and saw Dwayne and sat up and leaned against the wall. She then leaned over him to look at his clock and then started counting something out on her fingers. When she finished she had wide eyes. Dwayne was confused by her actions and grabbed his pen and paper and wrote to her. 'What is wrong?' he asked. She took the pen and wrote. 'First of all I fell asleep fast, second I slept for seven hours, usually I only get two to three hours of sleep.' 'Well it's a good thing that you got more sleep. Any idea as to why you slept more?' 'Well it could be anything, this bed, blankets, room, position maybe even people.' 'Interesting.' He just shrugged and sat up and rubbed his eyes. Then the phone rang and they heard Olive get it. She soon walked in and handed the phone to Dwayne. She climbed onto the bed and sat between Rose and Dwayne as he tapped onto the phone. They waited a while before Dwayne wrote something onto his paper and showed it to Olive who read it to whoever was on the other end of the phone. \"Why?\" read Olive into the receiver. Dwayne listened some more before sighing. He nodded his head to Olive and she took the phone. \"He agreed,\" said Olive and she hopped off the bed and left the room. Dwayne put his head in his hands and rubbed his face. He then got up and left into the hallway. Rose walked out of the room and saw him opening a closet at the end of the hallway. She walked to the kitchen and saw Olive looking in the fridge. \"Morning Rose. Why were you in my brother's room this morning?\" she asked as she grabbed the milk carton. Rose just shrugged and pulled a glass down for her. \"Do you like him, like him? You can tell me, it's okay, I won't tell him?\" said Olive pouring herself some milk. Rose never thought of it before and just shrugged, not knowing really how to answer. \"How come you don't talk or sing. You have a really pretty voice?\" Rose just shrugged and grabbed some yogurt. \"Have you ever been in a beauty pageant. I bet if you entered your would win, you're really pretty.\" Rose smiled her thanks and took a bite of her yogurt. Dwayne then came in and put his pen and paper on the table before going to the fridge. Rose looked at the paper and saw he had written something. 'My uncle is coming to stay with us.' Rose then understood what they were talking about that morning. She grabbed his pen and started drawing on it. She was drawing Olive and stopped when Dwayne sat down next to her at the table and looked at what she was doing. \"Hey you drew me!\" said Olive happily. Rose nodded and Dwayne just looked at the drawing. \"I like it,\" said Olive. She then tore off the page from the pad and then ran into the living room to go show her grandfather. Dwayne ate his toaster waffles and Rose ate her yogurt in silence before they decided to go take a shower. Rose walked home and got ready for the day. She arrived next door and just waited in Dwayne's room. She saw a cot set up there and decided to give it a pillow and blanket. She was laying the blanket out when Dwayne came into his room and sat on his bed while drying his hair with a towel. Rose then went over and grabbed her camera and took a picture of him. He looked up at Rose and made a lunge for the camera. She just smiled and turned so she was facing the wall and her back was to Dwayne. He kept making an attempt to grab the camera and soon just picked Rose up and turned her around. She was holding onto her camera pretty tight. Eventually Dwayne gave up and just sat on his bed and finished drying his hair. Rose sat next to him and grabbed his book and started reading, her camera still firmly in one of her hands. Dwayne then went and put his towel in the bathroom and began his exercises. Rose had watched them a few times by now, she was always impressed by how strong he was because from the outside he didn't look all that strong. She would take occasional pictures of him and he didn't protest because she had done that before. When he finished he sat down on the bed next to her and somehow quickly grabbed the camera from her since she wasn't paying attention. She put his book down and immediately tried to grab the camera. He was leaning away from her so she was leaning on top of him trying to reach her camera. Dwayne was searching through all the new pictures and found the one of him drying his hair. He looked down at Rose who was glaring and shaking her head at him. He sighed and sat up. She sat up as well took her camera back. She nodded her thanks to him and then turned her camera off. She then looked at the time. Dwayne grabbed his pen and paper and wrote: 'have to go take care of the pets?' Rose nodded and got off his bed. He walked her to the door and she left to go feed her pets. They had a rabbit, a bird, and a dog. The rabbit was hers, the bird was her brothers, the dog was supposedly the whole families but no one liked her except for her dad. Rose stayed at her house that night and just relaxed around the house. It was after she finished dinner when she head a knock on the front door and found Dwayne standing there. He held up his pad of paper and she read: 'You're coming to California with us.' 'Why?\" Rose wrote back once they were in her kitchen. 'Olive has a beauty pageant there and we are in charge of you. The whole family is going, plus you.' 'Sounds interesting.' 'I'll come get you early in the morning before we go, make sure to pack, it should only be about a three day long trip.' Rose nodded. Dwayne then handed her, her camera that she left at his house. She nodded at him and then he left to get some sleep. That night when Rose tried to go to sleep it wasn't like the night before. She was still having trouble. It was also a very hot night so she was forced to sleep in a tank top and shorts. The next morning she woke up to the doorbell ringing, and it was quite early in the morning. She groaned and got up and answered the door. Dwayne was standing there, fully dressed and ready to go. She let him in and they went up to her room. He grabbed her bag and carried it out to the VW bus while Rose changed. Soon she emerged from her house after giving the pets enough food. She locked up the house and went next door where everyone was now getting into the car. \"Morning Rose, did you remember to lock up your house?\" asked Richard who noticeably was a morning person. Rose nodded and got into the bus after Dwayne and sat next to him in the back. \"Hello Rose, I'm Frank. Nice you meet you, I've heard a lot about you,\" said this new man sitting next to Olive. Rose immediately assumed it was their uncle. As she shook his hand she couldn't help but noticed the bandages on his wrist, and then figured that was the reason why he had to stay with them. Their grandfather sat next to her and Sheryl got into the passenger seat. Richard then started the bus and off they went.[Chapter 4] Chapter Three The sun was now up and they had made their way through New Mexico. Rose was looking through her pictures on her camera when Edwin, the grandfather, started talking. \"Jesus, I'm tired. So fucking tire. Do you know how tired I am? That if a girl begged me to fuck, I couldn't. That's how tired,\" he said. Rose didn't even glance to her right. Not caring about this strange old man. She then took a picture of Dwayne leaning his head on the window. Then she took another of the front window. \"Dad watch the language,\" said Richard turning around in his seat to glance back at his father. \"She's listening to music. Hey Olive, I'll give you a million dollars if you turn around,\" said Edwin. Everyone looked to see Olive still bobbing her head along to her music. \"Okay, but for the rest of us,\" said Richard. \"Oh the rest of you,\" he merely disregarded everyone else in the car. The he turned toward Rose and Dwayne, which made her really uncomfortable so she scooted as far over as she could; Dwayne didn't seem to mind. \"Can I give you some advice? Well I'm going to give it to you anyway. Don't make the same mistakes I made when I was your age.\" Richard was making side comments at the front of the bus. Rose just tried to ignore the old man and Dwayne turned to look at him with no emotion on his face. \"Dwayne? That's your name right? Dwayne? This is the voice of experience talking: fuck a lot of women Dwayne,\" he said. That alone made Rose a little even more comfortable. \"Dad!\" shouted Richard from the front. But the old man continued on. \"Not just one woman, a lot of women. Are you getting any? It's alright you can tell me, are you getting any?\" Dwayne knew he was going to be persistent so he just shook his head 'no' in response. \"No! What? You're fifteen, Jesus. You should be getting that young stuff. The young stuff is the best stuff in the world.\" And that did it. That made Rose so incredibly uncomfortable. She was scooted over even more and Dwayne noticed and put an arm around her shoulders. \"Dad!\" yelled Richard. \"Would you kindly not interrupt me Richard? See right now they're jail bait, you're jail bait. Perfect. When you hit eighteen man, I'd say on three to five.\" Edwin went on. \"Dad I will pull this car over right now!\" yelled Richard. \"Go ahead pull it over! I can say what I want, I still have Nazi bullets in my ass!\" yelled Edwin. \"Oh the Nazi bullets!\" said Richard throwing his arms up exasperated. \"You're just like Sunset Manor,\" said Edwin angry at his son. \"Guys please,\" said Sheryl. A small silence fell. \"What happened at Sunset Manor?\" asked Frank. \"Frank, no,\" said Sheryl sternly. \"What happened? I'll tell you what happened! I paid my money, they took my money; I should be able to do whatever the fuck I want!\" he complained. \"He started snorting heroin,\" said Sheryl. \"You started snorting heroin?\" asked Frank turning around to face Edwin, \"that stuff will kill you.\" \"What am I an idiot. And don't you start doing that stuff. When you're young you're crazy to do that shit,\" Edwin turning to face Rose and Dwayne once again. \"What about you?\" asked Frank. \"What about me? I'm old. When you're old, you're crazy no to do it,\" exclaimed Edwin facing front now. \"We tried believe me. The intervention was a fiasco. He's worse than a two year old.\" said Sheryl. \"Can we please talk about something else?\" said Richard desperately. \"I take it you didn't like it at Sunset Manor?\" asked Frank. \"Frank,\" warned Sheryl. \"Are you kidding me it was a fucking paradise. They got pool. They got golf. Now I'm stuck with Mr. Happy here sleeping on a fucking sofa,\" explained Edwin. He then leaned forward towards Frank. \"Look I know you're a homo and all, but I think you can still appreciate this.\" Rose then tuned them out and grabbed Dwayne's paper and pen and wrote a question to him. 'Your uncle is gay?' Dwayne nodded. 'And he stayed in your room last night?' Dwayne shrugged and they both watched as Olive turned around in her seat. \"What are you guys talking about?\" she asked lowering her head phones. \"Politics,\" responded Edwin as he leaned back in his seat once more. \"Oh,\" and immediately Olive lost interest and put her head phones back on. \"Fuck a lot a of women, kid. Not one woman, a lot of women. Do you understand what I said?\" asked Edwin turning towards Rose and Dwayne again. \"Yeah dad!\" answered Richard. \"Did it go in anywhere. Don't show me the pad, not he fucking pad,\" said Edwin as Dwayne moved to write something down. Rose just rolled her eyes and saw Dwayne write: 'For the record, I am not biologically related to him.' Rose nodded and took the pen and they played tick tack toe.[Chapter 5] Chapter Four Finally they were able to stretch their legs as they arrived at a small dinner for breakfast. Rose was sitting in the middle of the booth between Frank and Dwayne. She was perusing the menu when the waitress walked up and took their orders. Rose saw that Dwayne was getting the same as her and when they ordered she just pointed to the paper that said 'garden salad'. \"And for you?\" asked the waitress looking at Olive. \"Oh, I'm sorry, sorry,\" she said, her mind not made up. \"Don't apologize Olive, it's a sign of weakness,\" said Richard as he checked his cell phone. Rose looked at Dwayne and he sadly nodded his head indicating that, yes, he was always like that. \"Can I get the waffles and um, what does ale mode mean?\" asked Olive. \"Oh it means it comes with ice cream,\" said the waitress. \"Okay ale mode please,\" said Olive happily and handed her menu over. \"Olive for breakfast,\" asked the concern voice of Sheryl. \"You said four dollars,\" said Olive. The waitress then got the rest of the orders. Soon the waitress left and Frank decided to educate everyone. \"Actually, Olive, ale mode translates from French literally 'in the fashion'. Ale mode. Mode is derived from the Latin 'modis'-\" started Frank who was entertaining the table with facts. \"Frank shut up,\" said Richard closing his phone. \"Richard,\" said Sheryl appalled by his rude interruption. \"Olive can I tell you a little something about ice cream?\" asked Richard turning to his daughter. \"Sure,\" said Olive looking at her father. \"Ice cream is made from cream, which come from cow's milk, and cow's milk has a lot of fat in it,\" he started off. Everyone got slightly angry at this, especially Rose. How could a father tell their young daughter about this? She should be able to live life the way she wants. \"Richard,\" warned Sheryl. \"What she's going to find out eventually, remember?\" he said, hinting back to an earlier conversation they had within the confines of their home. \"What?\" asked Olive confused to everyone's reaction. \"Well when you eat ice cream, the fat in the milk becomes fat in your body,\" he said. \"Richard I swear to God,\" said Sheryl rubbing her temples. \"It's true,\" said Richard. Everyone else at the table just glared at Richard, it was all they could do. \"What's wrong?\" asked Olive, the poor girl still not understanding. \"So if you eat ice cream you might, become fat, and if you don't you'll stay nice and skinny, sweetie,\" said Richard giving a comforting pat on his daughter's hand. \"What?\" asked Olive still confused. \"Olive, Richard is an idiot. I like a woman with some meat on her bone,\" said Edwin, at least he was good for something. \"Why is everyone so upset?\" asked Olive looking around at everyone's faces. \"No, no one's upset. We just want you to understand, it's okay to be skinny and it's okay to fat, if that's how you want to be. What ever you want, it's okay,\" said Sheryl. A mum is always the voice of reason. \"Okay, let me ask you this: those women in Miss America, are they skinny or fat?\" asked Richard. \"Well, they're skinny I guess,\" said Olive, slowly catching on. \"Yeah, I guess they don't eat a lot of ice cream,\" said Richard. \"Okay, coffee,\" said the waitress coming back with impeccable timing and handing out all the drinks and Olive's ice cream. She then just stared at it. \"Anyone want my ice cream?\" she asked. \"Yeah, Frank, Rose, Dwayne, Olive doesn t want her ice cream,\" said Edwin. They all grabbed a spoon and taunted Olive by taking a spoonful and eating some ice cream. Rose then grabbed the paper and pen and wrote a note to Olive. As Dwayne passed it to his sister he caught a glimpse of what she had written. 'Hey Olive, I eat ice cream all the time, do you think I'm fat?' He smiled at this and saw Olive's smile return once she finished reading the note and she jumped up with her spoon out. \"WAIT! Don't eat it all!\" she exclaimed and she grabbed the bowl and dug in. \"Okay, Olive-\" started Richard. \"Richard,\" warned Sheryl. Then Dwayne took his straw wrapper and blew it so it hit Richard in the head. Olive let out a giggle and went back to her ice cream. While waiting for their food Dwayne got his paper back from Olive and started another conversation with Rose. 'Thanks. Olive needed that.' 'I'm happy she didn't consider me fat.' 'Well you're not.' 'Thanks, it is good to know. I don't actually do anything physical anymore.' 'Maybe I can help with that.' 'Now I'm scared. I've seen the way you work out.' 'I promise if you give it a try, it won't be too hard.' 'Fine, but I'm holding you to that.' They shook hands in agreement and then ate their salad that had just arrived. Outside again they were waiting for Richard to get off the phone. They walked back to the bus when Sheryl decided she would take this time to learn to drive stick shift. In the end even Richard couldn't solve the problem and that meant, a trip to a nearby mechanic. Dwayne and Rose were sitting outside the shop watching Olive play with a giant tire while Sheryl and Richard dealt with the bus problem. Curious as to what the mechanic had diagnosed the bus soon everyone outside went in to see what was wrong. \"What if there is not hill. We're not on a hill, there's no hill,\" rambled Richard. The mechanic then turned to the rest of everyone and it dawned on them: they would have to push the car. Soon they all lined up behind the bus. Dwayne and Rose were to be the last two to get on and the mechanic was on the other side helping them push. \"Alright Olive, Dad you two are in first. Here we go. Everybody push!\" yelled Richard. The bus started moving forward and Richard got in the car and put it in gear. Edwin jumped in and Olive hurried to jump in as well. Sheryl ran up next and slid her way into the front seat. Frank ran next and jumped in. The car was going very fast now and Rose was having trouble trying to get in. Dwayne ran behind her and pushed on her back to help her in. She jumped in and then Dwayne jumped up and the closed the door quickly as Richard pulled onto the road. \"No one gets left behind. No one! Outstanding soldier, outstanding!\" yelled Frank and taking a breath, \"outstanding.\" \"Was that fun?\" asked Edwin looking at Olive. She nodded and they all caught their breath. They then shifted their positions in the van so they were sitting like they were at the beginning of their journey. Rose was desperately trying to get some more sleep and trying not to fall onto anyone at the same time. Dwayne had his head comfortably leaning on the window and they listened as Richard started talking, thinking people would be interested in what he had to say. Rose ignored him and just shut her eyes and leaned her head back to rest in an uncomfortable position on the seat behind her. It didn't last long before they heard Richard's phone ring and he got cut off. They immediately pulled over and he got out running to the pay phone. Everyone eventually got out of the bus, off to do what the wanted to do. Dwayne went over to a nearby patch of grass, knowing his step dad would be a while. Rose was walking around taking pictures of the things nearby. She eventually went and sat next to Dwayne, pulling at the grass as he did his push ups. Soon Richard depressingly got into bus and everyone loaded up. Rose was still fixed on trying to go to sleep as they started to go back on the road. Dwayne was reading for a bit before he looked up and glanced around. \"Where's Olive?\" asked Frank who read off of Dwayne's paper. That's when everyone took notice as to who was missing from the bus. They turned around and went back to the gas station, unable to stop the car she had to run and eventually jumped in to the car and took her spot next to Frank in the middle seats. More time passed and Rose was still pathetically attempting trying to go to sleep in her odd position. Dwayne noticed and then shifted her so she was laying her head on his shoulder. She glanced up at him and then closed her eyes. She never did fall asleep though. She heard Edwin comfort his son, and heard Dwayne as he turned the pages of his book.[Chapter 6] Chapter Five The day quickly came to an end and they pulled up to a motel and got three rooms. Olive was planning to stay with Edwin, Sheryl and Richard obviously had one room, and the remaining three had the last room. Dwayne and Rose entered the room and saw the two beds. Dwayne threw his bag to the side of the room and Frank threw his bag on the bed closest to the door. 'Who is sleeping where?' wrote Dwayne. \"Well I didn't think you two would mind sharing a bed. Sheryl mentioned something about you two sleeping on the same bed before,\" said Frank as he pulled his tooth brush out of his bag. Dwayne nodded and then laid down on the other bed. Rose walked over to a chair and pulled her toothbrush and pyjamas out of her bag. Soon shouting could be heard coming from the room next door. Dwayne put a smile on his face listening as his mum and step father fought. Frank tried to distract him with the TV but it didn't work. Rose noticed his smile and wrote something to him. He looked at he paper when it landed on his chest. 'Your really don't like him do you?' she had asked. 'He is too annoying.' Rose agreed and waited for Frank to get out of the bathroom. Once he did she went in and made sure to close and lock the door. It's not that she didn't trust them, she just did it out of habit. She changed into her flannel pyjama bottoms and black tank top. She ran her fingers through her brown curls and started brushing her teeth. Once done she left the room and put her things back in to her bag. Dwayne went and brushed his teeth and left his book on the nightstand. Rose laid down on the bed under the covers and grabbed his book and started reading where she left off. \"So you use to live in California, excited to go back?\" asked Frank trying to make conversation as he sat on his bed. She just shook her head 'no'. \"Have you taken a vow of silence too?\" he asked. She shook her head 'no' once again and grabbed the paper and pen next to her. \"'Insomnia. Too tired to talk.'\" read Frank, \"But you do talk occasionally right? Olive mentioned she heard you sing.\" Rose just nodded and glanced at Dwayne as he emerged from the bathroom. He had changed into a grey shirt and plaid boxers. She put the pen, paper, and book back onto the side table and turned onto her side facing the wall. Her eyes followed Dwayne as he walked from next to the bed and around to the end, before she lost sight of him in her peripherals. She felt the bed shift and heard Frank get into his bed as well. The lights soon went out and Rose laid there. She soon heard the deep breathing of both males in the room and shifted her position onto her back. She turned her head and saw Dwayne laying on his side with his back to her. She sighed and sat up and put her head in her hands and rubbed her face. She got up and grabbed the room key and stepped out side the room, hoping the fresh air would help her. She looked down and saw Richard leaving on a scooter. She laughed a little at the site and then leaned on the railing and looked up at the stars, wishing they would show up clear on her camera. The door behind her opened and she turned and saw Dwayne standing there looking at her questioningly. She sighed and just shrugged, not really knowing what else to do. He walked over and stood next to her. He looked down below at their bus and the up at the sky, finally his eyes settled on Rose. She was staring up still. She jumped slightly when she felt his hand on her shoulder. He nodded his head towards the door and she led the way back inside. She laid back down on the bed on her back and Dwayne followed suit after putting the blanket up over them. Their arms and legs were touching thanks to the small bed but that was all. Dwayne glanced over at Rose to see if she was asleep, which due to her insomnia, she wasn't. She just glanced over at him when she felt his eyes on her and she took a deep breath and slowly let it out. She then stared up at the ceiling and started counting spots, seeing if that would help. She felt Dwayne shift and then heard him writing something. She looked over and read: 'what made you fall asleep that one time in my room?' She shrugged and turned onto her side and grabbed the pen and placed the paper on his chest to use as a table. 'It could have been anything.' Dwayne took the pen from her. 'Well you said if could have been the room, the bed (which this one is the same size, feels the same way too), person (which was me) or the position. I can't do anything about the room, but maybe position.' 'I don't remember it.' 'I do.' He put the pen and paper back on the side table and shifted so he was on his side. He then gently turned Rose so she was facing him. He moved the blanket up some more before placing his arm over Rose's waist and then resting his head on the pillow. Rose looked at him and nodded her head in thanks. Soon, she was out like a light and Dwayne closed his eyes and followed suit. In the morning she felt herself moving. She cracked her eyes open a bit to see she was sitting in the back of the bus with Dwayne who had her resting on his lap. She looked around and noticed that Edwin was missing and that they were following behind an ambulance. 'He is in the ambulance. Olive said he wouldn't get up this morning.' 'Do you know what is wrong with him?' 'He was a heroin addict, what can you expect.' 'True.' 'Hope you don't mind travelling around town in your pyjamas.' Rose then looked down at herself and shrugged. She then got off his lap and sat next to him and yawned. The bus soon pulled into the hospital parking lot and got out and waited in the waiting room. Olive, like a typical little kid, was fascinated by the free brochures for eye exams. \"Anyone want an eye exam?\" she asked holding the paper up. Everyone just shook their heads 'no' in reply. \"Olive sweetie, put those away. Dwayne, come here,\" said Sheryl. Olive walked to her mum who was sitting next to Dwayne. \"First of all, grandpa had a long and eventful life, and if he is ready to go we have to accept that. What's important is that we're a family and that we love each other. I love you guys so, so much, even you Rose have become like one of my kids.\" Then she broke down crying. Dwayne wrote something on his paper and showed it to Olive. 'Go hug mum.' Olive got up and hugged her mother who just hugged her back. Rose took a seat next to Dwayne and looked at him. He just shrugged and Rose replied with a yawn. \"Are you the family of Edwin Hoover?\" asked the doctor who just walked in. Everyone stood up and walked closer to the doctor. \"I'm sorry we did everything we could. He was a- he couldn't take it,\" he informed them with a sad look on his face, \"he must have just fallen asleep and never woke up. I'll have someone come talk to you about handling the remains.\" \"Thank you,\" said Richard. The doctor gave a sympathetic smile to them then walked away, yelling for a 'Linda' in the process. Everyone sat back down and Olive went and hugged her mum. \"Mum, is grandpa dead?\" she asked. \"Yea honey, he passed away,\" sniffed Sheryl. Rose looked at Dwayne to make sure he was all right. She knew he wasn't related to him, but they did live together for a while, plus he was really good with Olive. Dwayne glanced at her and nodded his head showing that he was fine. Rose just leaned forward and rest her head on her arm that was up on the arm rest. Richard was now talking to, who could only be assumed as, Linda. No one was really focused on their conversation, all thoughts were on how he was just travelling with them in the buss yesterday, giving Dwayne sex advice, and now he was gone. Olive was upset that he would never be able to see her perform their dance on stage and have it perfect. Everyone jumped, however, when Linda had something very loud to say. \"Sir, you are no the only one who has had someone die here today, okay?!\" she yelled over Richard's words. \"Is there anyway, that we might be able to view the remains?\" he asked. Linda agreed and everyone stood up and followed. Rose wasn't really fond of doctors since she had to see them regularly for her insomnia so she stayed close to Dwayne, who didn't seem to mind. Linda led them to a small curtained off room and they gathered around the bed that supposedly had Edwin on it. They couldn't tell because he had the sheet covering him up. Richard went over and made sure that this was the correct remains. It was. \"God damn it, stupid!\" he said dropping the sheet back over his head. He then turned to face the wall and sighed. Sheryl put her hands on Olive's shoulders and leaned down next to her. \"We'll go to Little Miss Sunshine next year, okay honey?\" she asked. Olive nodded and continued to stare at the lump on the bed. \"No. No, we've come seven hundred miles. I will be damned if I am not making that contest Sheryl,\" said Richard turning around and facing the rest of them. \"Richard, we can't leave him here,\" she said with a soft voice. Richard then grabbed the papers Linda gave him and threw them in the bin next to him. \"We're not going to leave him,\" he said making his way over to the curtain parting to see if anyone was nearby. \"Richard? What are you doing?\" asked Sheryl. Richard then made his way over to the window and started to open it. \"Fuck!,\" he exclaimed, \"Dwayne go around outside.\" \"Richard what are you thinking?\" asked Sheryl not catching onto her husbands odd behaviour. \"We're going to take him with us,\" said Richard struggling with the window some more. \"No, that is not happening. That is not happening!\" said Sheryl shocked by this news. \"Well, he's better of with us then with these people,\" said Richard opening blinds and then pulling his keys out and tossing them to Dwayne, \"I want to go around outside and underneath this window. Frank, Rose, go with him.\" \"No, no Dwayne don't you dare move. Listen, honey, you stay here, we'll take Olive. Frank can drive,\" said Sheryl trying not to do something illegal. \"No, Sheryl, we'll be there in two hours. I'll call funeral homes once we get there. If there is once thing my father wanted it was to see Olive perform in Little Miss Sunshine Pageant. I think we would be doing a grave disservice to his memory if we were to just give up now.\" said Richard as he secure the sheet around Edwin's body. \"All right? There's two kinds of people in this world: there's winners and there's losers. You know what the difference is? Winners don t give up. So what are we here, are we winners or are we losers?\" Of course that had to be thrown in there because he just wouldn't be Richard without bringing up winners and losers. \"Okay, all right,\" said Sheryl giving in and helping him with securing the sheet. \"You guys go, Olive you watch the curtain.\" Rose, Dwayne and Frank then left the hospital and made their way outside and under the window. Richard then 'carefully' lowered the body down to them and soon Sheryl came out to help them. Dwayne quickly popped open the boot and threw the keys to Richard as he got in the driver's seat. Frank, Rose, and Dwayne made sure the body was fully in before closing the door and they pushed the bus and ran and got in.[Chapter 7] Chapter Six Back on the road Rose was once again taking pictures of the surrounding area and Dwayne had his head leaning against the window. Rose then stole his book and put her feet on the seat next to her, where Edwin would have sat. She leaned back so her back was resting on Dwayne' arm and he just glanced at her and moved his arm so she was now leaning on his chest, before turning his attention back to the road. The bus remained silent until Olive spoke up. \"Dad?\" asked Olive. \"Yeah honey?\" he asked. \"What's going to happen to Grandpa?\" she asked. Richard remained silent, not knowing what was going to happen to him either. They remained silent for a little while longer. \"Uncle Frank? Do you think there's a heaven?\" asked Olive, turning to her uncle. Rose was paying attention to this conversation. She was curious in people's views of the afterlife, because you never know when a whole knew belief would come about. Dwayne was next to her with his leg resting on the seat between Rose and him. His elbow was on his knee, and his head was lazily resting on his hand. \"It's hard to say Olive. I don't think anyone knows for sure,\" he said really thinking hard about it. \"I know, but what do you think?\" asked Olive, seemingly just as curious as Rose was. \"Um, well-,\" started Frank. \"I think there is one.\" \"Think I'll get in?\" \"Yes.\" \"Promise?\" \"Yes.\" Rose smiled at this and then turned to look outside. She quickly snapped a shot of the freeways soaring above them in a delicate pattern before leaning back and moving her feet on the seat. Things still remained silent for everyone. Dwayne was now sitting up and both him and Rose had their feet in between each other with this heads resting along the windows. Rose had been playing patty cake with Olive at one point to keep her entertained but that last long. A car then came right in front to them to make the off-ramp when Richard hit the horn. \"Hey!\" yelled Richard his depression replaced by anger, \"son of a bitch!\" \"What happened?\" asked Frank. \"He cut me off!\" whined Richard, almost in a manner like a toddler would telling on someone. That's when the horn kept going and making this really pathetic sound. Rose looked over at Dwayne as he shut his eyes probably thinking the same thing as her. What else needs to go wrong on this trip? She sighed and shifted her now asleep legs and sat next to Dwayne. Dwayne moved his legs and put them on the floor. Rose, bored, then grabbed his hand and traced patterns over it as Richard and Sheryl fought over how to fix the horn. They were heading down a ramp when they heard a cop behind them. Everyone turned around and watched the cop. \"Oh Jesus, God. I'm being pulled over. Here we go, okay,\" said Richard as he pulled to the side of the road with the cop behind them. \"Everyone just pretend to be normal, okay? Like everything is normal here.\" Everyone was now looking around in a panic. Rose kept her eyes forward as she watched the cop walk up to the driver's side and to Richard. They started talking, but she found it hard to hear over the pathetic horn. Rose glanced up at Dwayne and glanced worriedly behind them to the boot. That's when Richard made a mistake and the cop decided to check the boot. \"Oh God, what is he doing?\" asked Sheryl. The cop opened the door and something fell out. Rose looked forward and listened in on the conversation. \"Holy shit,\" he said. Rose stiffened and Dwayne did the same. She realized she was still holding onto this hand and gave it a squeeze. He held it back as they listened. \"Sir can you come back here?\" Richard made his way back and there was little bit of silence. \"Don't worry I'm not going to bust ya',\" said the cop. Rose relaxed and turned her head slightly to see what was going on. \"Thank you,\" said Richard. The cop then looked up and caught Rose's eye. \"How ya' doing? Cute family, cute,\" said the cop. Rose just turned back around and kept her eyes forward the rest of the time. Richard finally got back in the bus and the cop drove away. \"What happened?\" asked Sheryl. \"I'll tell you when I've regained consciousness,\" said Richard,\" Frank, Dwayne, Rose, get out and push.\" The three previously mentioned, as well as Sheryl, got out and pushed the bus till it was going again. Due to her lack of energy Rose was the second on the bus this time, soon followed by Frank and then Dwayne, who closed the door and made his way over Rose and back to his original seat by the window. They continued on once more and nothing exciting happened except Dwayne glancing back and discovering that what Richard the cop were really looking at was Edwin's porn. Rose was disgusted by this, especially when the cop was looking at her. Now Rose had her head resting on Dwayne's shoulder and he an arm wrapped around her shoulders. He was using his other hand to point with direction each 'E' was facing. He had finally given into Olive's eye exam since there was nothing else to do. She had kept them in her hand and didn't notice until a few minutes ago. \"Okay there is it. Redondo Beach 246,\" said Sheryl. \"It's 2:14,\" said Frank. \"We might be a few minutes late,\" said Richard. \"No, Richard, they said three o'clock sharp, they were very explicit. We can't cross these people trust me,\" she informed. \"Mum, Dwayne has 20/20 vision!\" yelled Olive turning to her mother. \"I bet he does,\" she responded not really noticing as she was looking for the turn off. \"Now I'm going to test if he's colour blind,\" said Olive and she got another brochure out and opened it up. A car honked at Richard because the horn on the VW bus was still not working. \"What's the letter in the circle?\" she asked holding up a paper. There was a circle of read dots with a bright green 'A' in the middle made out of dots as well. Dwayne just shook his head. \"No inside the circle.\" He shook his head in disagreement. \"It's an 'A', right there,\" she pointed, \"can't you see it?\" He grabbed the paper and Rose sat up and looked at the paper. She could see the 'A'. That could only mean one thing: Dwayne was colour blind. She didn't know much about it, but she knew it is usually a genetic case and it is more carried on a X chromosome so males are more likely to have it. She remembered a story that one of her teachers told her that a common form of colour blindness was not being able to tell the difference between reds, greens, and yellows. They would sometimes seem those colours as white. That is why colour blind people can't drive cars because they can't see stop lights. \"It's bright green,\" said Frank. Dwayne just continued to stare at the circle, seeing nothing. \"Man,\" Frank said under his breath. Dwayne got his paper out and wrote: 'what?' Rose put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. \"Dwayne I think you might be colour blind,\" he said. Dwayne shook his paper. Frank paused then leaned closer to Dwayne, \"you can't fly planes if you're colour blind.\" Dwayne lost it. He started kicking the side of the bus and punched it. He then grabbed onto the back of Olive and Frank's seat and started shaking it. There was yelling going on, but Rose ignored as she stared at Dwayne and his break down. What could you do to help at this point? They pulled over to the side of the road and Dwayne shot out of the bus and down the side of the hill. Rose got out and quickly made her way over to him as well, but keeping her distance since she knew he needed it. \"Fuck! FUUUUUUUUUCK!,\" he yelled and then he kneeled down and put his head on the ground, \"oh god!\"[Chapter 8] Chapter Seven He laid there crumpled on the ground saying 'no' over again. Rose stayed close to make sure he didn't do anything he would regret later. She looked up when Sheryl approached, and Dwayne was now sitting in the dirt with his knees up. \"Dwane?\" she asked. Dwayne just sniffed. \"Dwayne, honey, I'm sorry.\" There was a long pause to see if there would be some sort of reaction from Dwayne. Sheryl looked up at Rose, asking for help but Rose just shook her head and turned her attention back to Dwayne. \"Dwayne come on, we hav- we have to go,\" said Sheryl, not knowing what else to do. \"I'm not going,\" said Dwayne. \"Dwayne,\" started Sheryl, her sympathy slowly disintergrating. \"I said I'm not going!\" said Dwayne forcefully, \"I'm not. I don't care, I'm not getting on that bus again.\" \"Dwayne, for better or worse, we're your family-\" said Sheryl. Dwayne immediately turned around and stood up. \"No! You're not my family! Okay? I don't want to be your family. I hate you fucking people! I HATE YOU!\" he then turned to his mum, \"divorce?\" up to Richard, \"bankrupt?\" to Frank, \"suicide? You're fucking losers, you're losers. \" Sheryl made a move to comfort him but he just backed away, moving next to Rose, who he most likely did not notice at this time. \"No, please just leave me here mum. Okay? Please, please, please. Please just leave me here,\" he started mumbling toward the end and sat back down. Sheryl, lost, went back up the hill to where the others were. Rose kneeled down next to him and stayed quiet. He didn't notice. Rose heard someone approaching and saw Olive had come down. She walked over to Dwayne and squatted down next to him and just draped her arm over his back. They remained like that for awhile. \"Okay,\" Dwayne finally said, \"let's go.\" Olive and him stood up. Rose stood up and they walked back up the hill together. Olive was having trouble climbing up the hill in her red cowboy boots so Rose tried to help her up. Dwayne just came beside Rose and picked Olive up and carried her the rest of the way up. He then helped Rose up and stopped before climbing up the rest of the way. \"I apologize for the things I said. I was upset and I didn't really mean them,\" he said not making eye contact with anyone. \"It's okay, come on, let's go.\" said Sheryl. She gave Dwayne a hug before he entered the van behind Rose. She took his usual spot and Dwayne laid down with his legs in her lap. She played with the fabric of his pants as they continued on to Redondo beach. \"2:55,\" said Frank, the unofficial time keeper. \"Everybody look for the exit, okay?\" asked Richard as they sped along. Rose wasn't looking though. She was watching Dwayne as he put his hands on his face and then rested them on his chest. His head was positioned up, but she could tell he wasn't really looking at anything. \"Okay here! Here's the turn off. Turn in here,\" yelled Sheryl. The bus got on the ramp. \"Does anyone see the Redondo Sweets?\" asked Richard leaning forward, trying to get a better look. \"There! There's the hotel!\" yelled Olive pointing to the hotel just ahead. Rose then kept their eyes on where they were heading, but still grabbed Dwayne's hand. He didn't acknowledge it, but he didn't deny the comforting hand either so Rose didn't let go. \"Little Miss Sunshine! Little Miss Sunshine!\" chanted Olive \"We're going to make it Olive, we're going to make it,\" said Richard as they drove by the hotel on the ramp. \"Alright, how do you get over there?\" asked Richard. \"No you're passing it!\" said Olive, \"you have to go back dad!\" \"This is a one way street!\" said Richard and he started taking his anger out on the steering wheel. Dwayne, curious as to what was going on, sat up slightly, with the help of Rose, and looked out the window. \"You've got parking lots on the right!\" said Frank. The bus turned there and they broke through a stopping bar and made their way to a dead end. The car went around in a circle and Dwayne fell over onto Rose from the force of it. \"You have to go back,\" said Sheryl leaning due to the intensity of the turn. \"I am not going back. That is a one way street,\" said Richard. He then broke through a chain and onto the sidewalk. \"What are you doing? You can't do this!\" said Olive shocked. \"My god Richard,\" said Sheryl. \"Where' the entrance?\" asked Richard. \"Right here,\" said Frank as they drove past it. \"You're passing it!\" yelled Olive. Richard then did another sharp turn causing Dwayne, who just fully sat up, to fall over onto Rose again. Both were getting very tired of this driving. The bus went over a curb causing Dwayne and Rose to bump heads before they parked. Frank opened the door, which came off, and made a run for it. Sheryl helped Olive get out and Richard quickly followed after them and made a run for it. Dwayne and Rose took their time getting out. Dwayne sat up and rubbed his head. Rose used the side of the van to push herself up and rubbed her head as well. \"You okay?\" asked Dwayne. Rose just nodded and pushed her hair out of her face. They grabbed the bags that had Olive's things in it and Rose also grabbed her bag so she could get out of her pyjamas, which were now dirty from the dirt earlier. Dwayne helped Rose get out of the van and they walked together to the hotel. The quickly found their way to where the pageant was and both Dwayne and Rose felt out of their element as they stared at these little girls dressed up with loads of make up, frills, sparkles, and hair spray. \"Oh good you got Olive's bag,\" said Sheryl walking over after Olive got Miss California's autograph. \"Guess what Rose! Miss California eats ice cream too!\" she exclaimed. Rose smiled and hugged Olive. \"Dwayne, Frank is just down that hallway if you want to join him. Rose why don't you come with me and get changed. You can meet up with Dwayne after,\" said Sheryl. Rose looked at Dwayne before following Sheryl and Olive to the changing rooms. Upon entering the sight of a mother giving their daughter a fake tan, using an air brush for make up, and fixing their daughters hair was brought into view. Rose was extremely disturbed by this, and immediately knew that they would be the odd ones out. They made their way to the back to a spare changing room and Rose quickly changed into some long black shorts and short sleeved, fitted green shirt that had a recycle sign on the front. She left quickly and gave Olive a smile before leaving the area and finding Dwayne and Frank sitting on some chairs. She took a picture of them and they both turned this heads to look at her as she approached. There was no other seat so she sat down on the floor and leaned back against Dwayne's legs. After a while Frank started looking at the news paper next to him before setting it down. Two of the pageant girls ran by then, giggling. Dwayne's head followed them and then turned to look at Frank. \"Let's get out of here,\" he said. He stood up and helped Rose to her feet before they both walked away. Frank followed shortly after.[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight Dwayne and Rose walked outside next to each other. Frank was following behind them, taking in the view. They walked to the end of a pier and just stopped. Dwayne was leaning over on the rail and Rose took a picture of him. He looked at her and she just smiled at him in a mischievous way. \"Why are you always taking pictures of me?\" he asked, smiling a bit as well as the wind blew through his hair. \"Because you're an interesting subject,\" said Rose softly. He just nodded his head in agreement and went back to looking out on the sea. Rose was about to take a picture of both him and Frank when Dwayne reached out and took her camera. She made a grab for it and he quickly took a picture of her before handing it back. Rose glared at him and just shoved him as she put the camera strap around her neck. He shoved her back gently and smirked at her. Frank just stood next to them and watched the whole ordeal. Rose leaned her head against Dwayne's shoulder as all three of them stared out at the sea. \"Sometimes, I just wish I could go to sleep until I was eighteen,\" said Dwayne after a while, \"and skip all this crap. High school and everything.\" \"You know Marcel Proust?\" asked Frank. \"He's the guy you teach,\" said Dwayne turning his head to look up at Frank. \"Yeah. He's a French writer. Total loser. Never had a real job, unrequited love affairs, gay, spent twenty years writing a book almost no one reads; anyway, he gets down to the end of this life and he looks back and decides that all those years he suffered those were the best years of his life because they made him who he was. All those years that he was happy, he didn't learn a thing,\" said Frank, \"so if you went to sleep until you were eighteen, oh, think of the suffering you're going to miss. I mean high school? Those are you prime suffering years, you don't get better suffering then that.\" Dwayne and Rose smiled at this. \"You know what? Fuck beauty contests. Life is one fucking beauty contest after another. You know school, then college, then work- fuck that!\" said Dwayne standing up and turning around to lean on the railing. Rose just stood up and stretched her arms before leaning back on the rail. \"And fuck the air force academy! If I want to fly, I'll find a way to fly. You do what you love, and fuck the rest,\" finished Dwayne. \"Glad you're talking again Dwayne,\" said Frank, \"you're not nearly as stupid as you look.\" Dwayne smiled at that and turned his attention back to the sea. \"Now all we have to do is find a way to get your friend there to talk.\" Rose lifted her head at the mention of her. \"She talked to me earlier,\" said Dwayne looking down at her. \"Yea, one line,\" said Frank. \"True,\" said Dwayne who then put his arm around her shoulders. She looked at him questioningly as to what he had planned. That's when he started tickling her neck. Rose couldn't help it and let out her laughter as he continued to tickle her. He didn't want her camera to be damaged to he took it off and handed it to Frank as he continued his torture. Frank smiled at this and took pictures of the two. Rose tried to get away but failed miserably because, once again, Dwayne was stronger then her. \"I give, I give!\" she yelled between her laughter. Dwayne stopped and just hugged her. She pushed him and he hit the railing laughing as she crossed her arms and turned her back to him. Frank took another picture and she turned towards him. He handed her camera back without her asking with a guilty look on his face. She put the camera back around her neck and turned back to Dwayne. The wind was blowing her hair about and it was really getting annoying. Dwayne reached out and held it down while running his fingers through it and they leaned along the railings once more. \"Want to go back?\" asked Frank after a while. \"Not really,\" said Dwayne looking up at him,\" yeah, we should go back.\" Dwayne and Frank started walking back. As payback for his tickling Rose put her camera on so it was on her back and then ran and jumped onto Dwayne's back. He caught her legs and looked back at her. \"It's the least you can do,\" she said and put her chin on his shoulder. He nodded his head and followed Frank back into the hotel. Once inside, and after a few seemingly jealous looks from a few of the girls in the room Rose got down from off Dwayne's back and they made their way to the room where the competition was. They went in, and immediately came back out after seeing some girl dancing to a country song. \"I'm going back stage,\" said Dwayne after a while, letting the shock of the site get over first. \"Yeah, see you,\" said Frank as he ran his hands through his hair and leaned against the wall. Rose followed after Dwayne. \"Are you authorized to be backstage?\" asked one of the staff members to Dwayne up ahead of her. \"No,\" he said simply. \"Are you allowed to be here?\" asked a little girl just standing there in a puffy dress. \"Just tell me where the dressing rooms are,\" he said defensively. Rose ran and caught up with him. She took his hand and led the way to the correct dressing rooms. They found Richard talking with Sheryl when they walked up. \"Hey, how you felling?\" asked Sheryl once they walked up. \"Better, where's Olive?\" he asked getting down to business. \"Over there. What's up?\" asked Sheryl pointing in the direction of Olive. Rose walked over to Olive to help her get ready and let the family talk about their problems. \"Hey Rose,\" said Olive. Rose took a quick shot of her and she smiled at her. Rose then went over and sat down next to her and smiled at her. \"I'm a bit nervous,\" said Olive. Rose just shook her head and patted Olive's knee. \"Olive Hoover two minutes,\" said a staff member. \"You're going to watch right?\" she asked hopeful. Rose held up her camera and smiled. Olive hugged Rose and sat back down. \"Break a leg,\" said Rose and she patted Olive on the head as the staff member came back in. \"Olive Hoover? Are you the family?\" she asked as she walked by Sheryl, Dwayne and Richard. They walked back over to Olive and Sheryl kneeled down next to Olive. \"Olive, it's time. You ready?\" she asked. \"Yeah,\" replied Olive. \"We got to go, now,\" said the staff member. \"Hang on,\" said Sheryl, she then turned to look down at her daughter again, \"Olive look at me. If you don't want to do this it's okay. If you want to sit this one out, we're totally okay with that, you were great.\" \"We have to go now, it's time,\" said the staff member. Olive set her glasses down and stood up, \"let's go,\" and off they went. Rose and the rest of the Hoover's ran to the performance room and took their seats.[Chapter 10] Chapter Nine \"Let's give a warm welcome to Miss,\" said the announcer, who couldn't look more like a child molester, as he paused to read her name on a cue card, \"Olive Hoover.\" Olive slowly made her way down stage and took a look around. She then motioned for the announcer to walked over and she took the microphone. \"I would like to dedicate this to my grandfather, who taught me these moves,\" she said. \"Aw, that is so sweet, and where is your grandfather now?\" asked the announcer. Rose turned to Dwayne and he just shrugged. \"In the trunk of our car,\" replied Olive. Silence. \"O-okay, well, take it away Olive.\" said the announcer who took the microphone back and walked to the side of the stage. The music then started and Olive began her dance. Now why no one in the Hoover residence ever thought about what Edwin was interested in and that he was teaching their daughter how to dance, is beyond Rose. But as Olive stood up on that stage and proceeded to strip dance Rose couldn't help but also feel happy that these people could experience the world a little more and broaden their horizons. The audience started to 'boo' Olive, but she just kept on going. To give her support Frank stood up and started clapping his hands along to the music. The rest of them stood up as well and clapped, all with smiles on their faces. \"What is you're daughter doing?\" asked the lady in charge. \"She's kicking ass, that's what she's doing,\" answered Richard. She then went to the stage and tried to get a stage hand to take Olive off the stage. Richard charged the man trying to stop them and Dwayne and Frank ran after him. Rose and Sheryl looked at each other and then watched the show. Richard went on stage and was going to get Olive off the stage but instead started dancing as well. This got Frank and Dwayne to join as well. Rose snapped a picture of them before turning to Sheryl and they smiled at each other and then ran and jumped on stage as well. Rose went over to Dwayne and he started to spin her. They then went into a big group circle and Dwayne and Rose were inside. He dipped her down and they split apart and Rose decided to start doing the dance with Olive. Sadly the song came to end and was followed by silence. The sound guy applauded though and it fell silent again, until a guy in a jean vest stood up with devil horns formed in his hands. \"Yeah! All right!\" he yelled making a few of the parents around him jump. They were then escorted off stage and to a nearby police station. Rose was really tied by now, she had used a lot of energy and had her head resting against Dwayne's shoulder as they sat on a bench outside the police office. Soon the officer came out and turned to them. \"Okay, you're out. On the condition that you never enter your daughter in another beauty pageant in the state of California ever again ever,\" he said. Frank turned to the rest of them. \"I think we can live with that,\" Frank said. They then went back to the hotel to get their things and headed out to the bus, which the door was still not on. Richard went and fixed that problem. \"Alright we're back in business everyone. Lock and load,\" he said sliding the door open. He opened the boot and they stared at the sheet that was there. Richard noticed their glances and rolled up the sheet. \"Olive your grandpa would have been really proud of you,\" he said. \"You were great,\" said Sheryl. \"You were beyond great,\" said Frank. \"You were incredible,\" said Dwayne. \"Superb,\" said Rose. They all added their bags to the boot and shut the door and began pushing the car. Dwayne just got in before they hit another toll booth stopper. They were heading home. Rose smiled at Dwayne as they got back on the freeway and she laid down and put her head on his lap and surprisingly fell asleep.[Chapter 11] Chapter Ten Olive was re-telling her experience at the beauty pageant the rest of the day until they came to a motel and stopped for the night. This time they only had to get two rooms, Olive slept with her parents. They went to a small diner for dinner and then retired to their rooms. \"I'm going to go to the book store I saw down the street,\" said Frank once he dropped his bag off on one of the beds. The other two nodded and Rose pulled out some clean shorts, a tank top, and a bag of toiletries. \"I need a shower,\" she mumbled before going into the bathroom, closing and locking the door. She quickly took her shower and brushed her teeth before leaving the bathroom. She saw that Frank had not returned yet, which only made sense since she took a fairly fast shower. Dwayne followed her lead and took a shower as well. He came out of the bathroom, dressed for bed, but ten minutes later and just sat on the end of the bed that Rose was sitting on with her back resting on the headboard. \"Want to watch TV?\" asked Dwayne. Rose shrugged and he turned it on and flipped through the stations. He stopped on the Food Network channel and it was an episode of Good Eats. He moved so he was sitting next to Rose with his back resting on the headboard as well. A few minutes went by before they heard a knock on the door. Rose got up and answered it. It was Frank and he walked in carrying a bag, that no doubt had a book in it. Rose closed the door and took a seat next to Dwayne again. Frank put his book on the bed and then went into the bathroom. \"You two should get some sleep, we have another long drive tomorrow,\" said Frank coming back into the room. Dwayne turned the TV off and put the remote on the side table. \"What book did you get?\" asked Dwayne as he moved the covers out from underneath him and Rose. \"Take a look,\" said Frank as he pulled it out of the bag and handed it to Dwayne. Rose took one look at the cover and then turned onto her side and pretended to be asleep. Dwayne flipped through it and stopped on a page. The book was a collection of pictures taken by amateurs and on this particular page there was a picture he had only seen once before as the wallpaper on Rose's laptop. He smirked and Frank smiled at him. \"Hey Rose,\" said Dwayne poking her shoulder. She didn't move, \"I know you aren't asleep, you're an insomniac remember? How come you never told me you had one of your pictures published in a book?\" She sighed and turned over so she was looking up at Dwayne. She shrugged. \"I think it's an incredible achievement, why hide it?\" asked Frank. \"Honestly, I forgot about it,\" said Rose, \"I'm tired.\" She turned back over onto her side and put the blanket up over her head. Dwayne turned to Frank and handed him the book back. \"How did you find it?\" asked Dwayne. \"I was curious to see if there was anything interesting in the photography section. Was I right or what?\" he asked. Dwayne nodded and then turned the light next to him off and then turned onto his side and laid down. He then pulled the covers from off Rose's head and she turned onto her side facing him and glared at him. He smiled in response and closed his eyes. \"Okay everyone, let's head home,\" said Richard the next morning as he got into the bus. They were parked on a small hill so no one needed to push. The bus got going and they were headed home. Dwayne was flipping through the book Frank bought while Rose was browsing through her pictures from the trip, deleting the ones that were blurred, or of the ground. \"What are you looking at Dwayne?\" asked Olive when she turned around to look at her brother. \"A book,\" he said. \"I know, but what kind of book?\" asked Olive resting her head on the back of her seat. \"Olive, leave your brother alone,\" said Sheryl turning around to watch them. \"Nah, it's okay,\" said Dwayne, not looking up from the book. \"So, what is it?\" asked Olive. \"It's a book that has photography in it,\" said Frank, \"I found it last night.\" \"Then why isn't Rose looking at it?\" asked Olive turning to look at Frank. \"Because she probably already has one. She has one of her photographs in here,\" said Dwayne smirking as he glanced up at Rose who was glaring at him once again. \"Really?!\" asked Olive jumping up in her seat. \"I want to see,\" said Sheryl. Dwayne passed the book up on the picture that was Rose's and Olive looked at it then handed it to her mum. \"I like it a lot,\" said Olive turning around again to look at the two in the back. \"I'm impressed,\" said Sheryl handing the book back to Frank. \"Who would have thought you had a photo published. I knew it was bound to happen, you never stop taking pictures. This is a perfect example of the nine steps,\" said Richard as he glanced back through the rear-view mirror. Everyone rolled their eyes at the mention of the nine steps. \"I think you should make a book of only your photos. With some from this trip!\" said Olive. \"You just want a picture of you in a book,\" said Dwayne as Frank patted Olive on the head. \"No, not entirely,\" said Olive turning back around to sit in her seat correctly. \"Well whatever you do, I'm sure you'll be a well known photographer some day,\" said Sheryl. \"Thanks,\" said Rose. \"Just don't forget about us little people when you become a big star,\" said Dwayne. Rose looked at him and then rolled her eyes and turned and put her feet on his lap.[Chapter 12] Chapter Eleven Summertime in Albuquerque meant lightning storms. It was pouring rain when the VW bus made it's way into the familiar city. Rose was sleeping with her head resting on Dwayne's lap. Olive was listening to music again and everyone else was staring out the windows. They had just pulled onto their street and Dwayne began to shake Rose's shoulder. She groaned and turned on her back so her face was parallel with the ceiling. That's when Dwayne noticed her face was flushed. He felt her forehead. \"Mum, Rose has a fever,\" announced Dwayne looking up. Both Sheryl and Frank turned around in their seats. \"Well we're almost home. Just get her to her room and some medicine. She'll get some rest and will be better. And don't get her too wet from the rain,\" she instructed. Dwayne shook Rose's shoulder again and leaned down next to her. \"Rose we're almost home I need you to get up now. You can sleep when we get you to your room,\" he said softly. She just groaned again, shook her head 'no', and continued on sleeping. \"She's not going to get up, looks like you'll have to carry her,\" said Frank. \"We're home!\" yelled Olive bouncing in her seat, not hearing the past conversation over her loud music. Richard parked the bus and Olive was the first one out. \"Come on mum!\" she yelled waiting by the front door. \"Olive come get your bag,\" said Richard. Olive ran and got her bag from the boot and then back to the front door. Frank got out and followed after her. Sheryl stood by the door, not bothered by the rain, and made sure Dwayne and Rose got out okay. When Olive saw Dwayne carrying Rose she ran up next to her mum afraid it was another incident where someone won't wake up. \"What's wrong with Rose?\" she asked. \"She's fine, honey, just a little cold it all. Go to your uncle, and out of this rain,\" said Sheryl. Olive ran back over to Frank and grabbed his hand. Richard locked up the bus and then opened the front door. \"Do her parents know she's home?\" he asked. \"They know she is coming home today. She should have a key to get in the house,\" said Sheryl, \"they're at work now and her brother is too.\" \"Okay,\" he said. He grabbed her bag, and carried her to her house. Lucky for him, Rose had a bench outside her house that Dwayne laid her on as he searched her bag for her keys. It took him a while to finally find them and then open the door, which stuck a little. He got the door open and threw her bag in and then picked Rose up again. He closed the door on his way in, and made his up stairs to her room. Once in her bedroom he stared at her bed in annoyance. He had actually liked her bed when he first saw it, but now it was his worst enemies. Rose had one of those loft beds, you know, the beds that are bunk beds only without the bottom bunk. Dwayne secured Rose on his back and began to climb up the ladder. He surprisingly made it up and laid down on her bed, the only way he could figure out how to get her off without risking dropping her and having her fall off the six foot tall bed. \"That was not easy,\" he let out a deep breath and then sat up and looked down at Rose who was laying on her side. He moved slowly toward the ladder and stood on that as he took her shoes off and attempt to dry her off the best he could with a towel he found in the bathroom down the hall. He then fetched er bag and placed it on her chair. As he was about to leave the room he heard a voice. \"Dwayne?\" asked Rose sitting up and looking at him through one eye, as she used the back of her hand to rub the other. \"How are you feeling?\" he asked climbing up the ladder, again, and sitting on the edge of her bed. \"Like shit,\" she said bluntly. \"Well you have a fever, so I suggest you change into dry clothes and then get some rest. Although I think you got plenty I ended up carrying you while you slept,\" he said with a chuckle. \"Oh, I know that. I was awake the entire time. You know I'm a light sleeper, and I can't sleep with you shoving me so much, and then your sister yelling doesn't help either,\" said Rose with a smirk on her face. Dwayne just gawked at her then shoved her. \"You are lucky you are sick right now,\" he said. \"What would you have done if I wasn't sick,\" replied Rose crossing her arms with a challenging look on her face. \"I would have thought of something if the circumstances called for it. Now change and get some sleep,\" he said. \"Yes mummy, can you make my some soup?\" asked Rose batting her eyelashes. Dwayne raised an eyebrow at her, \"kidding, just kidding.\" \"Good,\" he said, \"I'll stop by later.\" He climbed down the ladder and watched as Rose followed suit and then went to her closet and pulled out another change of clothes. \"But seriously, thank you for caring. And tell your mum and Richard thanks, I had an interesting time,\" said Rose and she turned to Dwayne. \"Yea, you're welcome,\" said Dwayne and he scratched the back of his head. \"Oh brother,\" said Rose and she pulled Dwayne into a hug and he hugged back. He pulled away and smiled awkwardly at her. \"Dork, I might be a girl but I'm still human.\" \"What you think I have trouble around the opposite sex?\" \"Seems that way to me.\" \"Maybe it's just you.\" \"Me?\" \"Yes, you. First your this shy, quiet girl, and now you are a sick, talkative smartass girl.\" \"I usually get this way when I'm sick.\" \"Well maybe you should sick more often, because I kind of like this side better.\" \"Oh really?\" she asked getting closer to Dwayne. \"Yea,\" he said moving closer and draping his arms on her waist. \"Well not happening, you are going to leave, and I am going to change, get some rest, and return to being that shy, quiet girl,\" said Rose pulling away from Dwayne and then grabbing her clothes. \"All right, but I'm still coming back later,\" he said. She nodded and then pushed Dwayne out of her room and closed the door so she could change.[Chapter 13] Chapter Twelve \"So how is Rose doing?\" asked Sheryl as they all sat down to dinner. Dwayne just shrugged. \"I hope she get's better, I want to go puddle jumping with her,\" said Olive. \"She will be just fine,\" said Richard. \"Are you going to visit her again tonight?\" asked Sheryl. Dwayne nodded. \"So Frank, if you want you can sleep on the couch if you want,\" offered Sheryl turning to her brother and taking a bite of salad. \"I think Dwayne should have his room to himself, sure,\" said Frank. They were silent for a while just eating. \"Can I still participate in beauty pageants?\" asked Olive all of a sudden. \"If you think can win,\" said Richard. \"I can,\" said Olive,\" but that policeman said I couldn't participate in any other beauty pageants.\" \"No, he just said you couldn't participate in any other pageants in California,\" said Sheryl. \"Okay, but who will teach me to dance?\" asked Olive. \"Ask Rose when she get's better, she told me she use to dance when she was younger,\" said Dwayne as he finished up his dinner. \"She seemed like a good dancer while on stage during Little Miss Sunshine, too,\" said Frank. Dwayne then stood up and took his plate to the kitchen. \"Where are you going?\" asked Sheryl as he walked to the front door. \"Check on Rose,\" said Dwayne and he left. He walked through the light rain to Rose's house. He saw that her parents and brother were home know. Knocking on the door, it almost opened immediately as her brother was about to walk out. \"Have fun at the movie!\" yelled Rose's mum from somewhere in the house. Her brother just walked out and brushed past Dwayne. He understood that her brother was not a very social person, especially toward Rose's friends. \"Um hello?\" asked Dwayne. He then saw her mum in the doorway connecting the living room and the kitchen. \"Dwayne? You're talking now?\" she asked. \"Some things came up,\" he said. \"Oh, well Rose is up in her room, watching a movie I think, go on up,\" she said. Dwayne nodded and then walked up to Rose's room. She was sitting on the mattress under her bed watching a movie just as her mother had said. She looked up at him when he entered and patted the spot next to her. He walked over and sat next to her. \"How are you feeling?\" he asked. \"The same,\" she said. He felt her forehead and it still was too warm. \"Did you get any sleep?\" he asked. \"Couldn't,\" she said, \"I'm still an insomniac remember.\" \"You slept fine on the ride back.\" \"I think I figured it out. I can only sleep when you're around.\" \"When I'm around? Makes sense. Do you want me to stay here until you fall asleep?\" \"That sounds fine, if you don't mind.\" He shook his head and laid down next to her as they continued to watch the movie. At some point they both fell asleep. \"Ah yes, he is still here, they both are sleeping, do you want me to send him home?\" asked Rose's mum on the phone. \"On no, just leave them, it's fine,\" said Sheryl on the other line. \"Okay, I'll make sure he stops by your house tomorrow.\" \"Thanks, bye.\" The mum's hung up and went back to what they were doing. Rose woke up the next morning, feeling much better and quite comfortable as she had her head resting on something, soft, warm, and with a steady heartbeat. She knew exactly who it was and cuddled more into him. He shifted a bit then settled back down. He then moved his arms and had then resting around Rose in a loose hug. Rose then sneezed and Dwayne woke with a start. \"Morning to you too,\" he grumbled. \"Sorry,\" Rose whispered and put her chin on his chest. He took one hand and placed it on her forehead. \"Fever's gone,\" he said while replacing his hand on her back. Rose nodded and stared at Dwayne's face. He didn't seem to mind and just closed his eyes. Rose reached up and started playing with his hair. \"I'm happy I met you,\" she whispered. Dwayne opened one eye and looked at her through his hair that she had moved in front of his face. \"Why?\" \"I can sleep, and you're a good friend,\" she said and moved the hair that was in his face and just stared at his eyes. \"You're a good friend too,\" he said after a while of thinking about how to respond. He never really had a true friend before so this was big step for him. Rose knew that as well and leaned up and kissed him on the cheek. She then put her head back on his chest and closed her eyes. Dwayne smiled a bit and ran his fingers through her slightly curly hair. Maybe they would become more then just friends.[Chapter 14] Chapter Thirteen Dwayne awoke to something knocking on his window. He cracked an eye open to see Rose peaking in. He sat up and unlatched his window, pushing it aside a bit, then laying back down as Rose climbed in. This was not the first time they did this. A few weeks after they had come home from California and after Rose got over her cold, the two of them came up with using Dwayne's window to hang out. Unfortunately for Dwayne, Rose was an insomniac so he was constantly woken up at odd times. \"You do know it is midnight right. We saw each other three hours ago,\" said Dwayne looking up at Rose as she closed his window. \"Bored,\" was her reply as she sat on the edge of his bed. \"Well I need sleep,\" he said closing his eyes. \"Sleep,\" she said. \"Okay, you can go through anything just don't make too much of a mess,\" said Dwayne and he turned over and pulled his sheet up over him. It was much too hot to sleep with the comforter. Rose sat on the ground with her back resting against Dwayne's bed and she looked through the things that he put under his bed. There was a half finished model plane, his back pack, a few shirts (Rose put those in his dirty clothes pile), and a bag holding paints and paper. Rose smiled and immediately got to work. Dwayne woke about two hours later and saw his floor covered with paintings or Olive dancing, the VW bus, a plane, and one of him sleeping. He got off his bed and sat next to Rose who was still painting on the ground. She was painting the two of them sitting in the back of the bus. \"Found a way to entertain yourself?\" he asked. She looked up at him and nodded before putting some last minute touches on the last painting. He watched quietly and occasionally yawning. \"You should go back to sleep,\" said Rose as she placed the painting on the ground and turning to face him. \"You should get some sleep. Remember I'm your secret to sleep. Plus it will be difficult to get that paint off your hands. Come with me,\" said Dwayne. He stood up and put his hands on her upper arms to help her stand. They walked to the bathroom and Dwayne started running the sink until hot water poured from it, he put a generous amount of soap on it. He used his hands to rub her hands together under the hot water and attempted to get as much paint off as possible. Not all of it came off, but enough. They walked back to Dwayne's room and Rose put away the paints and then laid down on her back on Dwayne's bed, just staring up at the ceiling. Dwayne, after closing the door and turning the light off, laid down next to her. \"Dwayne?\" she asked. \"Hmm?\" he asked, his head turning to face her. \"You're my best friend,\" she said softly. He stared at her a bit. \"You are my best friend as well,\" he said. \"You're also my only friend,\" she said. Dwayne smiled. \"You're my only friend too,\" he said. Rose then turned her head and looked at him. He turned as well and realized that their faces weren't too far apart. They didn't say anything more, Dwayne just closed his eyes and leaned forward till his lips met hers in a soft kiss. Rose closed her eyes and kissed back. She knew this would probably happen soon. They pulled apart and stared into each other's eyes. Rose closed her eyes and laid her head on Dwayne's shoulder and threw an arm across his chest. They eventually fell asleep. \"Can you do that once more, just slower please?\" asked Olive as Rose tried to teach her a dance for an upcoming pageant happening in Santa Fe. Rose repeated what she did and Olive copied it exactly. The dance was not too complicated but it was still impressive. \"Did I do it?\" asked Olive turning hopefully to Rose. She nodded and Olive jumped up and down clapping. \"Okay, I'm going to do the whole thing from the top.\" Olive got into position and Rose started the music. It was nothing quite as suggestive as her grandpa had picked, instead it was a simple Aqua song called 'I've Been Around the World'. Rose clapped at the end and Olive bowed. There was a knock on the door and Frank came into the living room. \"Is it finished yet?\" asked Frank as he put a book by his bag behind the couch. Rose nodded in response. \"But you don't get to see it till this weekend at the show!\" said Olive, \"now out!\" \"Okay, I'm going, I'm going,\" said Frank putting his hands up in surrender and walking out. \"Now what am I going to wear?\" asked Olive turning to Rose. Rose thought for a bit then grabbed Olive's hand and led her next door and up to Rose's room. She dug through her closet a bit before she pulled out a red trench coat, a red hat with a black ribbon, and a pair of black gloves. \"I know this costume! It's Carmen Sandiego. Ha, that's funny, I like it,\" said Olive and she put the hat on, \"Thanks.\" Rose smiled and they walked back to the Hoover residence.[Chapter 15] Chapter Fourteen \"Okay, Olive, I have to go to work, and you know your dad is busy. But Frank and Dwayne will be here in the audience, and Rose will help you back stage if you need anything,\" said Sheryl to her daughter at the Eldorado Hotel & Spa that was hosting the Little Miss Roadrunner Beauty Pageant. \"Rose you have your cell phone right?\" Rose nodded. \"Call me if anything goes wrong. Good luck honey, you'll do great. Frank, Dwayne watch her. Bye\" Sheryl left and the four went and checked Olive in. \"We'll be waiting outside the showroom,\" said Frank to Rose as Dwayne was putting Olive's badge on. Rose nodded and turned to Olive. \"Let's go!\" she yelled and grabbed Rose's hand and dragged her to the dressing rooms. Rose got in one wave to Frank and Dwayne before disappearing around a corner. \"I don't know who to feel more sorry for: us or Rose,\" said Frank turning to Dwayne. They looked at the waiting area which had many girls and mum's sitting there. They discreetly took a seat and kept their eyes on the ground. \"This is my room,\" said Olive as she put her bag on a chair in there. Rose was always disturbed by the image of all the mum's dressing their daughters up like Barbie dolls; some people just never grow out of it. \"Go change,\" said Rose. Olive pulled her bathing suit out and went to change. Rose sat in a chair and looked through her bag. She then saw the music and stood up and over to the changing room. \"Olive, I have to drop the music off. I'll be right back,\" said Rose. \"Okay!\" yelled Olive, still hyper from all the excitement. Rose then left the dressing room in search of the DJ. Dwayne felt someone sit next to him and heard someone giggle. He looked up with a bored expression at the girl sitting next to him. She was around her age, wearing jeans and a tank top. She was probably a sister of one of the contestants. \"What is someone like you doing here?\" she asked. Dwayne just shrugged. He decided now would be a good time to be a mute. \"Do you have sister in the pageant? I do, this is her fifth one, she's following in my footsteps. I'll be competing for Miss America soon.\" Dwayne just turned his head to look at Frank who was reading a newspaper. \"Why don't you talk? Might as well past the time with something besides jut sitting there,\" she said. Dwayne just looked around him and saw Rose looking around. He stood up to go to her. \"Hey, where are you going?\" asked the girl. He ignored her once more and walked up to Rose and took her hand. \"What are you looking for?\" he asked. She held up a CD and Dwayne understood. \"I'll give it to the DJ, you go back to Olive.\" He took and CD and went to find the DJ. After handing him the music, Dwayne returned to his seat next to Frank and unfortunately the girl was still there. \"Girlfriend?\" she asked with disappointment in her voice. He just shook his head 'yes' in hopes the would go away. \"She's pretty, but it seems she doesn't talk either. Seems like a match made in heaven, Mute-Boy,\" she said then patted his knee before standing up and going into the showroom. \"She was annoying,\" said Frank. Dwayne nodded. \"Let's get inside,\" said Dwayne. They both went into the showroom and made sure to sit on the other side of the room from that girl. Dwayne saved Rose a seat and they waited for the show to begin. \"Can you fix my ponytail?\" asked Olive. Rose grabbed the brush and brushed Olive's hair into a high ponytail. \"All contestants please make your way back stage,\" said a helper walking around the changing room. Olive hugged Rose and then went off with the other girls. Rose sat there and waited for Olive to come back and change into her dress. \"Hey, you,\" said a girl walking over to her. Rose looked up at her confused as she walked over and took a seat in the extra chair. \"I know you. I saw you at Redondo Sweets. You were with that one family that was arrested. You can't seriously think you'll win, do you?\" Rose remained silent and just looked up at her. \"Oh you two really are the Mute Couple,\" she said rolling her eyes. \"Couple?\" asked Rose confused. \"Oh she speaks! Yes, couple. You are together right? I mean if your not then I might try, the guy's really cute,\" she said. Rose just nodded her head. \"Oh bummer. Well better go, my sister will be back soon. Good luck, you're going to need it.\" She then got up and left the changing room. Rose was puzzled but shook it off and waited patiently for Olive to return. \"Congratulations sweetie, I knew you would win,\" said Sheryl when they got home. Olive had done fantastic and won first place. There was a lot of debate by the judges but in the end Olive won them over with her dance. \"Thank you so much Rose, I couldn't have done it without you!\" said Olive and she tackled Rose in a hug. Rose hugged her back then Olive ran over to Richard. \"Well Rose, it seems you have a job here coaching,\" he said. Rose nodded and everyone headed over to the dining room. Rose grabbed Dwayne's hand and moved her head in the direction of his room. He understood that he wanted to talk and they walked to his room and closed the door. \"Mute Couple?\" asked Rose as she sat on his bed. \"Oh God, you met her?\" asked Dwayne sitting on the bed and putting his face in his hands. \"When were we a couple?\" asked Rose. \"I said that to get her away from me, it worked,\" he said sitting up, \"is that all you wanted to talk about?\" \"The kiss,\" said Rose. \"It was nice. In all honesty I've been wanting to do that since that time on the pier in California, would have been a little awkward though with Frank there,\" he admitted rubbing the back of his head. \"Oh.\" \"Umm .well, I really did enjoy it. And I enjoy being around you. So I guess it just means all that's left to do is .will you be my girlfriend?\" Rose smiled and nodded, then threw her arms around him. \"About time!\" The two looked up and saw Olive had thrown the door open and saw the rest of the family watching. \"I thought is was never going to happen,\" said Frank. \"Did you know I actually thought it had already happened,\" said Richard. Sheryl just took a picture of the two. \"That's my camera,\" said Rose recognizing the camera. The others just laugh and Dwayne stood up and closed the door on then. Rose was smiling and Dwayne walked over, pulled her up, and laid a kiss on her lips.[Chapter 16] Epilogue The last week of summer. Everything was as expected. Rose was on her way next door to teach Olive another dance and, of course, to see her boyfriend, when the UPS man arrived. She decided to wait to see if one of the packages belonged to her. Anna. Anna. Anna. Her mum gets a lot of things. Kyle. Ah ha! Rose. She opened the package and smiled. She ran next door and just let herself in. Only Olive, Frank, and Dwayne were home and she ran into the living room where they all were playing monopoly. \"Thank god!\" said Dwayne when she entered. Rose was confused. \"We've been playing for two hours,\" explained Frank. \"What's that?\" asked Olive pointing to the book Rose was holding. She handed it to her and she opened it up and immediately smiled and jumped up and down. \"I'm in a book!\" she yelled. \"What's this?\" asked Frank and he looked as well. \"These are all the pictures from our trip. You got them published in a book?\" Rose nodded with a large smile on her face. Dwayne took her hand and smiled at her. Together they spent the rest of the day looking through the book of pictures and reliving the memories. The end. ","Summary":" Prologue When Rose first had to move to California she never thought should would ever live in her "},{"Movie":"Little Miss Sunshine","Title":"Learning To Fly","Author":"Michoou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8265015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi there! I mainly decided to write this cause the Little Miss Sunshine section is so lonely. C'mon it's such a GREAT movie! Anyways, enjoy! PROLOGUE Dwayne POV Mom came into my room before bed that night. I ignored her while I watched as I made my toy airplane swoop around my head. I gently held onto its glossy painted body, not wanting to break my favourite toy. I knew that one day I would be up in the sky flying a real plane myself. \"Dwayne…\" my mother began. \"I have something very important to discuss with you.\" Her voice was shaking. Taking a deep breath she continued: \"Your father and I… are getting a divorce.\" I looked at my mom with a confused expression. It wasn't that I do not understand what happens when people get divorced, it was just that I never thought it could actually happen. Well not in my family anyways. I guess looking back on it we weren't exactly the perfect, happy family my parents bickered often enough but they always took me for ice cream on the weekends. What more could a nine year old want? I loved both my parents, especially my dad. He could be a bit of a bully sometimes but he loved that I wanted to fly. Both my parents were supportive of this, though my dad was the one who always bought me everything airplane related that I wanted. \"Dwayne, I know this hard for you to hear,\" my mother interrupted my thoughts. \"But it's for the best. You and I are going to be moving to New Mexico since I got a job there. We'll be leaving in a couple days.\" She kissed me on the forehead as she tucked me into bed. I could swear there were tears in her eyes as she said goodnight and left the room. My dad ended up staying behind in Florida, while mom and I left for a new life. Dad phoned often at first, and even came to visit a couple times. I think he wanted me to go back with him but I never begged my mom to let me go. Eventually though after a couple months the phone calls had stopped almost completely and by the time my mom met Richard, I hadn't heard from dad for ages. Then mom and Richard got married, the worst day of my life. Olive came along – she wasn't all that bad. But all in all, life sucked. Before the divorce, I always loved my family and thought it was the best thing in the world but now I hate them almost more than anything. Thanks for reading! I would love it if you took the time to review :) Even though this is from Dwayne's POV most of the story will be from my OC's POV, except for the occasional Dwayne chapter Also if there are any errors that have to do with details from the original movie, sorry about that since I haven't seen the movie in the while. I can't seem to find my DVD[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 1: Point Me In The Direction of Albuquerque Emily's POV I watched the dusty fields and red mountains roll by as we drove to our new house. I was sad. I wasn't usually the emotional type but right now I was listening to The Beatles song In My Life , which I guess wasn't the best idea. I was also nervous about staring my life over again. I have moved before. I was born in Oregon and lived there for quite a few years, then we moved Ohio for a couple years and finally settled in New York when I started grade six. We had lived in the state ever since, and now I was going to be starting my junior year in Albuquerque. Even though I was leaving everything I had come to know behind, I was still looking forwards to making new friends, and wondering what my neighbours would be like. We finally turned off the highway and I watched as Albuquerque formed around me. I had never lived in the South before so I looking forwards to that at least. \"This is it,\" my dad said when we finally pulled up to the house. It was just my mother, father and I, though I wasn't an only child. My old brother had moved out a few years ago, and was living in Tennessee at the moment playing with his rock band. It was due to him that I got my great taste in music. I looked through the car window to inspect our new house. It was a bungalow, like the rest of the homes on the street but even so it still looked to be large and spacious. I glanced over to our neighbours on one side. There didn't look to be anyone home or anything exciting about the house so I looked at our neighbours' house on the other side. There was a scooter left on the lawn that had pink ribbons attached to the handles. The house seemed to have a disheveled yet homey feel to it. Looking back to my own new home, it loomed ominously in front of me. I grabbed my bag from the car and trudged up the front steps. I wandered through the front entrance and decided to explore the new house. There was a long corridor facing me. To the right when you first came in there was a doorway to what looked like it would be the living room, this led into the dinning room which was divided from the kitchen by a low wall, so that you could still see in. Outback you could see what looked to be a small back yard with green, mowed grass. Back in the corridor the first doorway led to what looked like it would be the guest room, since there were already some labeled boxes in there. Next there was a short flight of stairs. This led up to a small second story loft with a bathroom that was my parents' suite. Back on the main floor there was another bathroom and then at the very end of the corridor was what looked to be my room. It wasn't very large, definitely not like my old room in our house in New York. I decided I'd try and make myself at home anyways and wait for the movers to arrive. Later that evening I was sitting out of the front steps after dinner watching the sun begin to set by the mountains out in the distance, when I heard a voice for the house next door. \"Mom can I please go over and say hi?\" a little girl whined. \"You said we could go over when the movers were gone and they finished dinner!\" \"Yes sure Olive, but only a quick hello,\" replied the girl's mother. The little girl raced down their front steps towards me. She reached me and stopped almost in my face. \"Hi! My name's Olive!\" she said with lots of enthusiasm. \"Hi Olive,\" I smiled. \"My name is Emily, it's very nice to meet you.\" Her mother reached us and introduced herself as well. \"I had hoped to wait for a more formal introduction,\" the mother, Sheryl, said. \"But I guess we can introduce the rest of the family tomorrow anyways.\" We talked briefly and then Sheryl ushered Olive home. They seemed to be nice, which was good. I was happy that I would have nice neighbours. I was mainly scared about having to start school in a few days. Thanks once again for reading! It would be great if you could take a second to review! It doesn't take long, trust me :) What does everyone think of the story so far? It's going to pick up more within the next few chapters, this is just all intro stuff so you get to know the characters and stuff[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 2: THE NEW GIRL The next day I spent unpacking but it was still next to impossible to find anything. This was going to take ages to put the house together. In my room the old owners of the house had left a mirror on the wall. It was old fashioned with a fancy frame that was painted gold. I liked it though so decided to keep it up on the wall. I looked into the mirror and peered at myself. I had plain mousey-brown hair that was thick and straight. My eyes were a sparkling hazel and my skin a pale tone but not ghostly white. I'd always thought that I had very average looks and that there was nothing special about me. There was a knock on the door that afternoon. \"Emily,\" my mom called. \"The neighbours are here.\" I straightened myself out and trotted to the front of the house. Standing on the front porch was a cluster of people. Olive was at the very front and beaming. When she saw me she called out my name. From there she introduced me to everyone. First Richard, her father, said hello and shook my hand. Then onto Dwayne, who only nodded slightly. \"He's taking a vow of silence,\" Sheryl explained. Sheryl invited my family over for dinner but my parents politely declined and went inside. They were nice enough people but usually just kept to themselves. I wasn't very close with them anymore since they spent a lot of time working and usually liked it when I was out of their hair, now that I was older and could take care of myself. They didn't care much about what I did it seemed, but even so we all still loved and supported each other. I jumped at the chance to get out of the house for the night, especially since we would be having left over take out from the night before. The Hoovers invited me to come over in a couple hours. I walked up the front steps of the Hoover's house to knock on the door. Almost instantly Olive answered and announced to the whole house that I was here. Olive was super excited and really wanted to show me her room while we waited for dinner to be ready. Her bedroom floor was covered in toys, books and pieces of costumes. She showed me her favourites of each. She also told me that she loved dancing and entering beauty pageants. Inwardly I cringed at this. I never liked pageants. I had had friends back in New York and where I had lived before too, though I was never considered \"popular\" either. The girls who competed in pageants had always liked to torment me. I feigned interest anyways. That was the only thing I didn't like about Olive though, otherwise she was an adorable kid. She even asked me to be her friend, which I of course answered yes to. She was so sweet! Finally dinner was ready and we went out the dinning room. \"Sorry dinner isn't better, I hope your fine with the chicken we ordered,\" apologized Sheryl. \"It's fine! It's much better than what I would have been eating at home,\" I responded. \"Probably left overs from the take-out we had last night. Though they'd probably be cold since we can't get anything to work in that house yet.\" We started to eat, with all eyes on me. Richard began with the questions: \"So what do your parents do for a living?\" \"My father's an engineer, and my mom's a journalist. It means they're working most of the time and since my mom went back to working full-time I haven't spent much time with them,\" I explained. \"They are still really great people but we just aren't very close.\" \"Aww that's too bad. Well do you have any brothers or sisters?\" Sheryl asked. \"I do have an older brother but he's twenty-five so he has already moved out.\" \"And what is he up to?\" one of the grown-ups asked. \"He lives in Nashville,\" I said proudly. \"He's a musician. His band is actually really good, they've toured quite a bit.\" \"There's a good example of the nine steps,\" Richard said to many groans. I then got asked about what kind of music they played, and told them he was in an alternative rock band. This led to Sheryl talking about how Dwayne wants to be in the air force and that was why he was doing the vow of silence. He stirred uncomfortably during this and glared at me through he black hair. Olive thought it was the coolest thing that my brother was in a rock band and wanted him to write a song for her. \"We'll see about that,\" I smiled at her. The conversation moved on as they asked me about where I had lived and other things about my life. Richard also explained his nine steps motivational speaking project that he had just began work on. When everyone was finishing up their food, we got onto the inevitable topic of school. Richard asked me what courses I was going to take and Sheryl told me a bit about the school. \"You'll be in the same grade as Dwayne,\" she said while I helped her to clear the table. \"He can look out for you on the first day of school.\" From his behavior at dinner though, we all knew that wasn't going to happen. At the end of the evening when I said goodbye to the Hoovers and thanked them for dinner, I thought about what a lovely bunch of people, especially Olive and Sheryl, they were that lived next door and that I hoped to get to know them better in the future. Thank you for reading! It would be greatly appreciated if you took the time to review :)[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 3: School A few days later… Today was my first day of school. I was so scared to walk through the big double doors and get lost in the crowd of students. Plus everyone in my grade would already be accustomed to the school, so I would probably get mistaken for a freshman. Just great. I had gone by the school the day before to get my schedule, lock and locker number from the principle. As I made my way to my first class, I saw Dwayne Hoover at his locker. I changed my path to go say hi but as soon as he saw me coming his way, his eyes hardened then he slammed his locker door and stormed off into the crowd. I guess I shouldn't have thought that a person who doesn't even talk would be much of a friend. The morning was uneventful, mostly people just gawking at me because I was a new face. Not many people were brave enough to approach me yet or talk much when I said hi, which was rather lonely. At lunch I had no idea where to sit so I decided I would go outside into the courtyard. It was mainly lowerclassmen there but at least I could get some fresh air. I made my way over to what I thought was an empty corner when I saw Dwayne there. I hesitated but then continued on my way. If he was going to be rude again, well that was his loss. Anyways what use was a mute as a friend. I sat down beside him and began to unpack my sandwich I had brought for lunch. \"Hi,\" I said cooly. No answer. He just kept staring straight ahead, what a surprise. Well at least he didn't get up and leave. Yet. I dug into my sandwich beside the silent boy. Dwayne was nibbling away at an apple while reading a large hardcover book with the name \"Friedrich Nietzsche\" plastered on the front. I asked him who the guy was but again received no response. I finished my lunch without a single acknowledgement from Dwayne. This continued on for the next few weeks. I would go and sit in the corner with Dwayne and we would eat in silence. I had begun to doubt that he even noticed me there. By this time I had made friends at school, actually quite a lot. I even hung out on weekends with people and went out afterschool. I guess you could say I could almost be considered popular here but I still don't why I enjoyed spending my lunches in (almost) solitude. So I guess I've kinda made Emily into a bit of a sassy character. Well we'll just have to see how that goes. If you've taken the time to read my story, I'd love for you to give me a review! I would love to have at least one review before I upload the next chapter haha. I don't like how lonely this category is. Hopefully this happens soon! The ideas are just flying off of my head for this story :) Also should I change the name of the story to \"Keep Talking\"? It seems Emily is turning into quite the talkative character eh? But I guess it's to fill in for Dwayne not speaking. So maybe it's just around Dwayne..[Chapter 5] Hey everyone! So this chapter is kinda short since it's essentially just a monologue from Dwayne but I thought it'd be good to get to know his thoughts so far in the story. Also guess what movie I watched today? Little Miss Sunshine, finally found the DVD so now my memory is refreshed. Enjoy! :) CHAPTER 4: Not Alone Any More Dwayne's POV Why can't that stupid girl just leave me alone? Did I not make it obvious enough to her when she was over for dinner that I did not want to interact with her? She still has the nerve to come sit with me at lunch. I thought she had actually made other friends at this school. Also she talks so much. Well I guess not that much but for someone who doesn't talk, then anything is a lot in comparison. And she likes my stupid family too. I can't bare any of them, except for Olive, she's alright. Well here she comes again, my couple minutes of solitude at the beginning of lunch are up. I guess I have to admit that it's not that bad sitting with her at lunch since after the first couple times she gave up on talking to me, so we both end of sitting in silence, encompassed in our own thoughts. She's nice enough too, especially to Olive. She has been over to our place again a couple times, on Olive's request but I always just retreat into my room not wanting to deal with her. Now that I think about it, maybe it's not so bad having a friend to eat lunch with. She's not exactly a friend though, more of an acquaintance. I guess there might be some hope for humanity. Since I am currently on a better note, I decide to smile ever so slightly at her. She returns with her own soft smile, and then lunch is back to normal except there doesn't feel like there is a wall between the two of us. I still do not understand why she sits with me though. She has lots of new friends, and she's pretty. Shit. Why am I thinking like that now? I can't look at girls that way cause even if I did like them, it's not like someone would ever reciprocate the same feelings towards me. Thanks for reading! Hope you liked this chapter. It would be great if you could let me know what you think of the story so far in a review :)[Chapter 6] Thanks to those who have read this story so far! I really, really appreciate it :) CHAPTER 5: Sundown Emily's POV I unpacked the last box of my stuff and was finally able to find my art supplies. They weren't much, just a set of pencil crayons, a couple pencils and a notebook. My parents had never really supported my artistic endeavors a great deal. They had bought the pencil crayons as a gift for me but after that they had put their foot down. I had on one of my brother's old band t-shirts and a tattered pair of jeans. I had been anxious to find my notebook so that I could draw one of the beautiful New Mexico sunsets. They were so much more beautiful than the ones in New York, with the red sun disappearing behind the mountains. I had been itching to try and capture the colours. I went and sat out on the front porch with my small notebook nestled between my knees. I started to use my coloured pencils to the best of my abilities. I heard the door open next door. Olive came outside to pick up some of her toys she had left out. \"Hi Emily!\" she called when she saw me. \"Hey Olive,\" I replied while I put down my pencils and tucked my notebook under my arm. \"Emily,\" she said excitedly. \"My grandpa's come to live with us! You have to come meet him. He's the best.\" \"Sure,\" I agreed and followed Olive into the Hoover house. I had no idea what to expect while Olive towed me into the living room. Inside, Dwayne was in there sitting in a chair reading his Nietzsche book, probably ordered to be polite to his grandfather and \"spend time\" with him. On the couch was an old man who was wearing outdated clothing. \"Grandpa this is my friend, Emily. She lives next door,\" Olive introduced me. \"Hi there,\" he said, then he turned to Dwayne. \"See kid, there's a girl you can get some with.\" Dwayne's ears began to redden and he buried his head further into his book, trying to block out the world. Which didn't seem like quite a bad idea to me at the moment. This was a very… interesting introduction to say the least. \"That goddamn Sunset Manor had to go and kick me out when I gave them my damn money. Now I'm stuck living out my days on this couch.\" Olive had left the room to go put away her toys. \"That's too bad,\" I said trying to be polite. \"Why did they do that?\" \"Cause I was snortin' heroin for fucksake. Now I don't say you go doing that stuff at your age but when you're old you do whatever the fuck you want y'hear?\" I just nodded my head uncomfortably, while Olive came back into the room. She asked me if I wanted to come help her pick out a costume for her upcoming pageant which I agreed to, happy for the excuse to leave her grandfather behind. When I was leaving later that evening I passed Dwayne on the way to his room. He gave a slight nod towards me. I nodded back. This was second time today he had bothered to actually acknowledge me, the first being at lunch. I was starting to get confused by him. The next day at school when I arrived at my usual spot for lunch and unpacked my regular sandwich, Dwayne pulled out his notepad. He scribbled something that passed it over for me to read: Sorry about last night He's always like that. \"No problem,\" I replied softly. We exchanged a short glance and then went back to our normal lunchtime routine of ignoring each other. The day after at lunch when I was approaching, Dwayne actually looked up. I decided to give a small wave, which he returned with an even smaller wave. He was really starting to surprise me. Maybe he wasn't such a complete rude, jerk after all. Thanks again for reading! And thank you to those who put alerts or favourited this story! :) All I'm missing is a review now haha. But if you could take the time to let me know what you think so far that would be really helpful![Chapter 7] First things first. I just wanted to say a HUGE thank you to everyone who has taken the time to read this story! Secondly thank you to my first reviewer! I really, really appreciated it :) CHAPTER 6: Things Ain't Like They Used To Be Several months later… I was invited over to the Hoovers' for dinner, a usual happening since it was practically my second home. Even if I was not eating dinner there I would stop by afterwards to hang out. When I arrived at my neighbours' Dwayne surprisingly answered the door. Our eyes met, and a faint smile danced on his lips while his eyes softened from their usual cold glare. I smiled a small smile in return and entered the house. I guess you could say we were friends but then again not really. We didn't know too much about each other besides what we learned during discussions at the Hoover dinner table. It was mainly we just actually enjoyed each other's silent company now. I would still occasionally voice my thoughts on something but otherwise I didn't find too much of a need to talk around him. It kind of got awkward if I did try to hold a conversation since I never received much of a response. Olive ran up and said she wanted to show me her dance studio in the basement but we were stopped since dinner was ready. Dinner was the typical Hoover affair. Edwin made some inappropriate comments, which Olive was luckily oblivious to. Richard had to throw in references to his \"Nine Steps\" program, which was apparently coming along nicely according to him. Sheryl got offended when someone asked her how quitting smoking was going for her, saying that she was doing great with it, when almost everyone knew that wasn't the truth at all. Dwayne was of course as silent as ever. After dinner, Olive took me to the basement to show me the studio she had set up (mainly just clearing away toys on the floor to the sides of the room) to practice for pageants. She eventually shooed me out though, saying that she had to practice for an upcoming contest that she would be competing in when she was visiting her cousins next week. She didn't want me to distract her. I didn't feel like going home yet so I decided I would go say hi to Dwayne. I knocked politely on his door before entering. He was lying on his bed, reading. He didn't seem that bothered that I was in his bedroom. I looked around since I had never seen much of his room before. The walls were plastered with posters of airplanes. It was a while before I broke the silence. \"I really admire you're passion Dwayne. You know what you love and you're driven by that. That's really special,\" I smile. \"I don't have anything like that, I'm such a plain person. I mean I love drawing but it's nothing special.\" He nodded his thanks. I sat down on the floor with my back against his bed, still taking in all the decorations scattered around his room. A while later I heard him scribbling on his pad. He tapped me on the shoulder with it. I gently took the paper in my hand and read: You're cool. \"Thanks,\" I simply said in reply. He scribbled some more again. You're better than my family You actually understand I nodded my thanks. He got up off his bed and came to sit beside me. It was then that I figure we became real friends because we finally understood each other. The rest of the evening we sat in silence together, with me only asking him the occasional question he could answer with either a nod or shake of the head. Eventually I found out that his parents were divorced. I had noticed that whenever he talked, or should I say wrote, about his family he referred to Richard by his name instead of \"dad\". I had asked him why, leading to him simply writing that his parents had divorced back when he was in elementary school. I was not very close with my own parents but I could never imagine them being divorced. Dwayne told me his father still lived in Florida, that he knew of. He had heard almost nothing from him in the last few years, only the occasional short email or phone call. He had even begun to forget Dwayne's birthday. I felt bad for Dwayne. This was all beginning to make a lot more sense. Having your parents separate and then move to another state only to barely see your father. Only to then have your mother marry a jerk. I would hate that to happen. I read his responses in silence. When I finished I noticed him watching me, probably waiting for my reaction. I gave him a warm smile; I knew nothing more was needed. We sat in silence until I had to leave. Right when I was getting up to leave, Dwayne shoved his notepad in my face. I stopped to see what he had wrote Thanks I've never talked to anyone about that I just smiled again in return, while Dwayne showed me out of the house. I was beginning to feel a deeper connection with this boy. Maybe you didn't have to be able to talk to be friends after all. Thanks again for reading! Please take the time to review! It would help me out so much :) This chapter is longer than the last couple and they will probably increase a bit in length once the story picks up more since I will have more to work with[Chapter 8] A big thank you again to everyone who is reading this! And an even bigger thank you to those who have taken the time to review and favourite/alert this story! :) Enjoy! CHAPTER 7: Best Friend A few weeks later… I made my way over to the Hoover's residence this Friday afternoon but unlike usual I was nervous. Today at lunch when I sat down next to Dwayne, he passed over his notepad to me. I took it gingerly, not expecting him to have something to say to me. I read what he had written: Come over tonight I have something to show you I nodded in response, and we went back to our shared silence again. I couldn't possibly believe that Dwayne actually wanted to show me something. Yes, we were friends and we spent time together but I never thought he would have something secret that he would want to share with me of all people. I'm only an outsider imposing on the lives of the Hoovers. I had trouble figuring Dwayne out so this made me anxious around him half the time. The rest of the time I felt completely comfortable when I was in his presence. This was all just starting to get too complex. Dwayne opened the door almost immediately after I knocked. Instead of inviting me in, he shut the door behind him and motioned for me to follow him. This was getting more strange by the minute. We walked through the empty streets of our neighbourhood in silence until we reached the edge of it. There were multiple sets of old, unused train tracks with a large, overgrown field on the other side. We crossed over the train tracks and entered the field. After only a few minutes of walking, we reached an area where the tall grass had been cleared away and Dwayne flopped down on the ground. I guessed I was supposed to do the same, so I sat down carefully on the ground. I gazed around. There was a perfect view of the vast field stretching out in front of us, and the mountains off behind that in the distance. Even so, we were still obscured from the houses at the end of the neighbourhood and any passersby. After a long while, I finally voiced my thoughts: \"So what is this place?\" Dwayne slipped his notepad out of his pocket and fumbled with it until he started scribbling his response to me. I come here every now and then It's my spot to get away when I really need to … I thought you'd like it... I paused for a bit before saying anything. I was too overcome by a range of emotions. I was dumbfounded for one then confused and touched as well. But they all lead to one question: Why did Dwayne want to or care to show me this place? \"I actually love it,\" I replied cautiously, looking him directly in the eyes. He nodded back, his way of saying \"I thought you would\". We sat together side by side in total silence, in the cool early summer breeze watching the sun set on the horizon. The only noise to interfere was the occasional birdcall and the subtle chirp of crickets. Once the sun was nearly set, we both got up and headed for home again. When we returned back to our houses but instead of heading home I went to the Hoovers' since it wasn't late yet. Dwayne and I trekked into his room and made our selves comfortable on the floor. I rummaged through my small leather satchel that I had brought with me, for my notebook and coloured pencils. I had already done a couple drawings of the sunset but I had wanted to try and capture the beautiful view from this evening while the image was still fresh in my mind. Dwayne was reading one of his Nietzsche books so I didn't feel rude doing this. A while later I got up to get a glass of water, offering Dwayne as well though he declined. While in the kitchen, I got distracted by Olive who was sitting at the table eating a bowl of ice cream. \"What were you and Dwayne up to?\" she questioned me. \"Oh nothing. We just went for a walk,\" I covered. I had a feeling that Dwayne wouldn't want to her to know about his hide out even though he still really cared for his younger sister. It seemed too private and personal that he would bother to share it with her. \"Are you and Dwayne best friends?\" I was a bit taken back by the question. I knew he was my friend and a close friend at that, because I had shared my fair amount of personal matters with him. I never took the time though to think about whether he was my new best friend here or if it was one of my many friends from school. Considering this though, the relationship between Dwayne and I was much more complicated than the simple definition of the term of best friends. Trying to avoid the question as much as I could, I gave Olive a relatively vague answer. \"You'll have to ask Dwayne that.\" Wanting to get away from the uncomfortable questions that a young child can easily ask, I dashed into the kitchen to grab my glass of water. I went back down the hallway to Dwayne's door and nudged it open. After softly closing it behind me, I noticed Dwayne looking at a book that wasn't his philosophy one. Realizing in horror that it was my sketchbook, I put my glass of water down before I lunged forward to snatch it out of his hands. I had never really shown anyone my drawings before and never intended on doing so in the future either. I enjoyed drawing but never thought my work was exceptional or deemed it good enough for other eyes to look at. I attempted to wrestle the small black book out of his grasp but Dwayne was quite strong for such a lanky person. He was gentle with the book though and was only teasing me with his reluctance to hand it over. Finally I pulled it from his hands, causing me to loose my balance and fall forwards onto Dwayne who was sitting up against his bed. My head was lying against his strong and firm chest, I giggled into it still caught up in the moment. His head came to rest on top of mine and we stayed like that for a second before we both jumped apart like we had been electrocuted. We looked away from each other, though I could see that his cheeks were beginning to go pink just like my own. We sat down again in our usual way with our backs leaning against his bed, though this time we were farther apart than usual. After about fifteen minutes or so Dwayne wrote something in his notepad for me. Your drawings are amazing Emily You have talent I just shook my head. \"I'm able to catch the right colours sometimes but they really aren't any good.\" He looked at me, shocked by my words and just shook his head back at me. I sighed and gave up. I was getting tired and didn't feel like trying to argue my case. I picked up one of Dwayne's philosophy books by Nietzsche and tried to read but I only succeeded with looking occupied, or at least attempted too. My brain couldn't process a single word I was reading. My brain was overwhelmed with thoughts and exhaustion. Finally Sheryl came in to say it was getting late and that I should probably head home, though I was more than welcome to sleep over for the night as well. I smiled warmly at her. The Hoovers were such a warm and welcoming family, well except for Richard. After Dwayne's mother left the room he quickly wrote something out for me to read. Come back tomorrow morning I have an idea At home that night in bed, I tried to figure out what happened between Dwayne and I. Before I could get anywhere though exhaustion took over me and I fell asleep. Thank you for reading! I hope you liked this chapter! Please let me know in a review or PM or whatever, I would LOVE to hear your opinions The story is starting to pick up more so this chapter was lengthier and next one will probably be even longer! Anyways, thanks again and I hope to have the next chapter up either tomorrow or the day after :)[Chapter 9] Thank you so much again to everyone who has read this story! I hope you guys enjoy this chapter! I decided we should see what Dwayne thought of the last few events ;) CHAPTER 8: Can't Fight This Feeling Dwayne's POV Last night mom and Richard got into a fight. Usually I was never bothered when they were arguing with each other since it never escalated to anything bad, they would just yell at each other. They of course tried to bicker as little as possible around Olive, so she was probably in the basement watching a Disney movie with grandpa when the argument broke out. I did not even pay attention to what they were yelling about but I finally just got fed up with listening to them, so I quietly left my room and shut the front door behind me. I headed towards the field behind the train tracks where I always went when I wanted to be completely alone. Soon after we had moved into the neighbourhood, I had discovered this field and realized no one used it. It was a perfect hideaway because nothing could bother me there. It was a great place to think. I had cleared out some of the grass so that it would be more comfortable to sit. It was on the side of a hill so the grass behind was taller and obscured me from the houses far behind but I could still see into the empty valley with the forest and mountains beyond. I flopped down on my back and stared up at the cloudless blue sky. I began to think since there was nothing there to distract me. I used to love it when I would hear mom and Richard fighting because I hoped she would divorce that asshole. It always made me sort of happy and it still did, but I was beginning to dislike it as well. Well for one it's just plain annoying listening to adults fight about stupid things, and then there's Olive. As much as I hate Richard and want to get away from him, I didn't want Olive to go through a divorce like I did. I don't want her to end up like me. I lay in the field until well after the sun had set when I got an idea. I was going to bring Emily here. I didn't exactly know why but it felt right. I hoped more than anything that she would like it. When I came back home my mom rushed up to me and asked where I had been. I just shrugged and wrote: Walking That was my normal excuse and usually I wouldn't get interrogated further when I said this. The next day at lunch when I sat down I instantly flipped out my notepad and wrote what I was going to tell Emily. I did this so I wouldn't loose my confidence when she came to sit with me. I was beginning to get nervous, mainly because I was worried she might not like my secret hideaway. But even with my doubts it still felt right. At home that evening after dinner I sat in the living room casually looking out the front window waiting for Emily. She had agreed to come over at my request. When I saw her coming up our front steps, I bolted to the door after she had lightly knocked then stepped outside and shut it behind me. I mainly did this because I didn't want to deal with my stupid family. They would interrogate us with their petty questions when this was a personal matter. Emily looked confused by my reaction but I just walked down the front steps and slightly waved with my hand for her to follow me. I changed my pace to match hers as we walked side by side through the streets of our neighbourhood. Once we reached the field I took the lead and sat down in my hideout. Emily came into the clearing and gingerly sat cross-legged on the ground. She looked confused at first but her face lost the concern once she looked around. I looked at her properly for the first time since we had met. Her long hair that was past her waist in length, danced slightly in the breeze and framed her face perfectly while her large eyes sparkled in the evening light. You couldn't deny it, she was beautiful. I still never understood why she was friends with me though. I didn't speak and I was an outcast at school, while she had tons of friends at school. I also hadn't understood why she was able to get through to me when I had decided I didn't like her. She was nice but she wasn't different from all the other stupid people that I hated at school. She was friends with them, she wasn't ostracized like me so how was there a connection. Maybe it was because she was not scared of me and did not think I was weird like everyone else at school. She realized that I was not some low life just because I did not speak. Before I could think further about this though she interrupted my thoughts. \"So what is this place?\" I was startled and fumbled while trying to get my notepad out. I wrote down my short description, mentioning at the end that I thought she would like it. \"I actually love it,\" she told me after reading my response. It made me so happy inside I could almost grin from ear to ear. We sat in silence while the sun set. I looked over at Emily again. I had passed her off as someone who was like everyone else. She still was in way, she was not a social outcast like me. But there was still something deeper too her that not many people had, I could not figure out exactly what though. You could tell she enjoyed watching the sunset so we stayed until the sun had almost disappeared behind the mountains. Back at home, we both sat on the floor of my bedroom as was usual when we spent time together. I pulled out the Nietzsche book I was reading at the moment while Emily began to draw in her notebook. Eventually she got up to go get a glass of water. I continued to read my book for a while until something caught my eye. Sitting beside me was Emily's little black notebook that she had been drawing in. I was curious to see what her art was like so I put my book down and opened up the little book. It flipped to a page that looked like she had been working on for a while recently. I briefly looked at the page before which was a sketch of a realistic boy. Upon closer inspection I realized it was probably her brother. I almost thought he was going to get up and walk off the page it was so good. Back on the page that I had originally opened to was a spectacular sunset. The colours were immaculate and detailed. The landscape meant that it was no doubt done from the front steps of her house. I couldn't believe how talented she was. I was about to flip to the next page when Emily came into the room and lunged at me when she saw me holding her sketchbook. She attempted to wrestle the book out of my hands but I decided to be stubborn and hold onto it. I made sure to be gentle though so as not to destroy her work. Eventually she wrenched it out of my hands but tumbled forwards and came to rest with her head lying on my chest. My heartbeat quickened as she nestled against me. Caught in the moment I leant my forwards slightly and rested my head against hers while I inhaled the soft, floral scent of her hair. Almost instantly though I realized what was happening and jumped away from her, as she did the same. I was embarrassed. I had never been that close to a girl before. We sat down again, making sure to distance ourselves. I sat there thinking about Emily's art so I wrote to tell her it was amazing. Personally, I had never been able to do more than a stick figure. We had a short exchange then continued to sit in an awkward silence. She was looking at one my books trying to seem occupied but I could tell her thoughts were elsewhere. I felt different now when I looked at her but I could not figure out how, my thoughts were interrupted though when my mom entered the room to tell Emily it was getting late. I suddenly had an idea and quickly wrote out on my notepad that Emily had to come over tomorrow morning. She agreed luckily. After she left I decided to get ready for bed since I knew I wouldn't be able to concentrate enough to read or do homework due to all the thoughts swirling around in my head. Lying in bed that night I couldn't sleep. Before I had gone to bed, Olive had come in to say goodnight. She also asked me whether Emily and I were best friends. If she had asked me an hour or so earlier I would have been able to answer an easy yes. Emily had been the closest friend I had ever had. Now though, I honestly told Olive that I didn't know. I had no idea what Emily meant to me anymore, and me to her. It had felt right, that moment between us when she was nestled into me and deep down I knew I wanted something like that to happen again. It also frightened me though since I had never felt anything like this before to another human being. I had never been proper friends with anyone either since elementary school. I hadn't become interested in girls until the end of middle school and by then I was considered a freak. I got up out of bed and started pacing my room. I was frustrated, I couldn't think clearly or figure anything out. It was no use even if I did like Emily as more than friend. She wouldn't ever like a guy like me. Anyways I had heard the way other guys talked about her at school, in the locker rooms and the hallways, she was definitely popular with them. She was probably just being my friend out of pity more than anything. I was so full of rage that I punched the wall to try and release my feelings. I finally came to the realization that I was falling for Emily, and in no way was I ready for this roller coaster of feelings. The next morning when Emily came over, things carried on as they had for the last several months between us. I figured she had decided to forget what happened last night so I decided to do the same. I knew I wanted to do something about my feelings but now was not the time, so I pushed them away. My idea for Emily had been to help me do a giant painting of Nietzsche for my wall. I had thought of something similar before but had never carried it out since I had no artistic ability. I had found a giant white sheet that did not look like it had ever been used and then some black paint. It took some convincing but Emily finally caved. I helped her however I could but did not want to interfere. I felt somewhat guilty for asking her to do this and I guess she could tell because when we were hanging the painting up on the wall, she told me that she was glad to help me with this since I was so inspired by him and that it really was not a problem for her to do it. She thought it was a great idea. Emily really proved me wrong that I thought nobody could be genuinely selfless and kind. Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed! Please let me know in a review :) I really want to know what people think about how the story is going! I'm trying to make their relationship move along at a relatively realistic pace so that's why there's some large time gaps between the chapters but it's going to start to bunch up more and more now[Chapter 10] Let me say one BIG thankyou to everyone who has read this story so far! Also an even BIGGER thank you to those of you have alert/favourited this story :) And those of you who have reviewed so far, you make me really happy ! :D Thankyouohsomuch Anyways, onto the story. Enjoy! CHAPTER 9: Some Nights Emily's POV - a couple weeks later… It was the end of the school year already. We had completely finished with exams and today had been the last day of school. This evening was the end of school dance for everyone who wouldn't be graduating, so the juniors, sophomores and freshmen. I had considered going since all my friends were going, well all except for one. Dwayne wasn't going of course and I knew as much as I liked my other friends, I would rather spend time with him. He was so different from everyone; it was refreshing from the day to day trivial problems of most of my friends. Anyways I had already been to the other dances throughout the school year so I figured I would not miss anything too exciting tonight. When I reached the Hoover's residence, Dwayne greeted me at the door like always. We both went to his room first and talked for a bit, well I talked and he wrote in reply. In the last couple months Dwayne used his notepad more often with me than the few sparse occasions when I first got to know him. He still was not going to chat my ear off, well write my ear off, but he did not seem as wary about interacting with me anymore. We both plopped down on his bed, sitting across from each other. I eyed the Nietzsche painting I had done that was now hanging on his wall. I was really proud of it. \"You know Dwayne,\" I voiced my thoughts. \"That painting was such a cool idea and I'm so glad you asked me to help you.\" He wrote back: Well who else was going to do it? I don't know anyone else with talent like you \"Dwayne! Stop with the compliments, I barely paint. That was just some mediocre attempt that happened to turn out good,\" I countered. I always got uncomfortable when people complimented me and thought I was beyond average since I had grown accustomed to being seen as nothing special. It was just luck that the painting had turned out the way it did. We decided to watch a movie but could not actually decide on what movie to watch. Olive came in to help us choose, thinking that we should all watch Snow White together. I personally was never one for princess movies, especially Snow White . I could also tell that Dwayne did not want to spend the evening with his sister. I knew he did not mind her but she still annoyed him at times, and tonight it was our alternative plans for the two of us instead of going to the dance. Somehow we ended up deciding on an old black and white horror movie neither of us had ever heard of. This was enough to get Olive to go away and so we started into the movie. It of course was not that scary, being that it was made around the fifties. I ended up giving my own commentary to the movie while Dwayne smirked along and interrupted when he thought necessary. Eventually though I got tired and quieted down. I was exhausted from the weeks of studying and writing exams. I leant over and gently rested my head against Dwayne's shoulder as I drifted off. I awoke a while later, towards the end of the movie. Dwayne had shifted his position and had put his arm across the back of the couch so that my head lay on his chest. I decided to stay the way I was since I was comfortable, and wondered whether Dwayne had noticed that I was awake. I knew that I liked Dwayne as more than a friend, I had finally figured that out the other day but still had yet to come to terms with it. I did not know what to do of course. What do you say to someone who does not speak? Also Dwayne was such a close friend of mine that I did not want to loose our friendship since I figured Dwayne would almost definitely not be interested in someone like me. Once the movie ended we both sat in silence together. I knew that he knew that I was not asleep anymore. After a long while, I turned to face him and the next thing I knew Dwayne was leaning towards me while I craned my neck to meet him. Our faces were mere millimeters apart, and I could feel his warm, steady breath on my cheeks. My heart quickened and I had butterflies in my stomach. His fingers gently brushed my shoulder, and then continued to trace their way down my arm. All of a sudden we heard someone coming down the stairs to the basement and jumped away from each other. It was Richard; leave it to him to ruin a perfect moment. \"It's getting pretty late kids. Emily you should probably clear out now.\" Back at home that night I lay awake thinking. I knew that I had feelings for Dwayne but I could not be sure that he felt the same way. Even though he had almost kissed me tonight he might have just been caught up in the moment. My thoughts bothered me and kept me up for most of the night. The next day I went over to the Hoover's to hang out after dinner. When I knocked on the door, I heard a shout from within. \"Would somebody get the door please? Dwayne honey, it's probably Emily!\" When Dwayne opened the door his dark eyes did not light up like they normally did when I came over. Instead he looked distraught and upset. He turned away and trudged to his room. I followed behind. Once we reached his room I asked him what was wrong. He began to scribble in his notepad. I noticed a cot set up by the door but waited until later to ask him about it. I also decided not to talk to him about what happened between the two of us last night. Especially now with the mood he was in, anyways I was not able to think of a way to bring it up without the conversation easily turning sour. We're going on a road trip to California for one of Olive's pageants The whole family has to go It's going to suck I got talked into it by mom cause she said she'd promise to give me permission for flights school… \"I guess that sucks,\" I tried to sympathize. \"But at least you'll get to go to flight school. That's what you've always wanted.\" Dwayne sat in silence staring straight ahead. His eyes were cold and hard. I let him be but when he didn't move for awhile I decided to step in again. \"Oh cheer up Dwayne,\" I said giving him a bear hug. He softened at this and gave me a teasing look that said \"ew get off\". I finally asked him why there was another bed in his room. Dwayne, in his blunt fashion, explained to me that his uncle had tried to commit suicide and now they had to look after him. \"Wow you family just keeps getting larger,\" I said. I heard Olive come running down the hallway screaming, \"I won! I won!\" over and over so I decided to investigate. When she saw me she stopped and told me she had won the regional Little Miss Sunshine and was now getting to compete for the title. \"I'm going to CALIFORNIA!\" she screamed. All of a sudden she stopped her frenzy and turned to me. \"Do you want to come to California with us Emily? It would be so much fun if you did!\" Before I could answer, she ran to the kitchen while I followed. Dwayne stalked in behind me. \"Mommy,\" Olive said. \"What honey?\" Sheryl questioned. \"Can Emily come with us to California?\" she asked. Before she answered Olive though she turned to me. \"Emily it's nice to see you. This is my brother, Frank,\" she said gesturing towards the unfamiliar man in all-white standing nearby, he waved slightly. \"Frank, this is Emily. She lives next door and is good friends with Dwayne.\" \"Mom,\" Olive whined. \"Sorry about that Olive,\" Sheryl continued. \"Well if Emily wants to join us she's welcome to. The whole family is already going and there is still room in the VW. Anyways she could keep you and Dwayne company on the long drive. What do you think Emily?\" \"Well I've got to ask my parents,\" I answered. \"But I'm pretty sure they'll be totally fine with me going.\" I quickly ran home to ask my parents if it was okay for me to go to California. They of course said yes, happy to have me out of their hair for the weekend. I returned to the Hoover house and said I was able to go with them. \"We're going to be hitting the road nice and early,\" said Richard. \"So be ready to go when we call because we can't wait around for anyone.\" Dwayne and I retreated to his room where he promptly took out his pad and began to write to me. Thank god you're coming Now I'm not stuck alone with my stupid family I grinned back at him. I was happy I was going to get the chance to spend the weekend with Dwayne. This was going to be one exciting weekend that was for sure… I hope you guys liked this chapter! Please let me know what you thought in a review! That would be great :) Suggestions, comments, thoughts, anything is welcome let me know! Thanks again to everyone[Chapter 11] Ok so I feel terrible for not updating in a while, especially considering how I was updating so often for the first few chapters. I've been really busy the past couple days and once I did finish the chapter there was a power outage that lasted a long time so of course no internet to post! Anyways I am SUPER DUPER sorry! I wanted to say another thanks to those who take the time to review/favourite/alert this story. You're the bestest! Enjoy! CHAPTER 10: Carefree Highway The next morning Dwayne knocked on the front door bright and early. I was already up and ready to go by then, I had been up before the sun had risen; once I finished my last minute packing I sat down on my bed and stared out my bedroom window watching the sun come up since my room was at the back of the house facing east. Shortly after, Dwayne had come to fetch me. When I came out front with my small duffel bag, the Hoovers were finishing packing their bags into the back of the VW bus and began pilling inside it. I placed my bag in the back then climbed into the bus. Dwayne was already sitting in the very back so I decided to go sit down beside him. Once everyone piled into the bus we pulled out of the driveway and headed out towards highway. There was a long drive ahead of us, so we decided to get breakfast after a bit of driving. Dwayne leant his head against the window. I leant back in my seat and stared across him out the window at the rolling scenery outside the car. I would have done the same as Dwayne, had I not been sitting in the middle of the back seat. I was stuck between Dwayne and Edwin, his step-grandfather, I was not a big fan of him. \"Jesus I'm tired,\" Edwin started up. \"I'm so fucking tired. Y'know how tired I am? If some girl came up to me and begged me to fuck, I couldn't do it. That's how tired I am.\" Richard protested at this saying that he should watch his language, but Edwin only countered that Olive was listening to music so she couldn't hear. Deeming this conversation appropriate for the rest of the car. He proved this by offering Olive a million dollars if she turned around, which she was oblivious to. \"Hey can I give you some advice?\" he said to Dwayne, who was of course unresponsive. I was starting to get uncomfortable so I scooted closer to Dwayne. I never enjoyed it when Edwin went on one of his rants since they usually involved him talking about sex and drugs. I was hunched up, leaning right against Dwayne trying to get away from his step-grandfather. \"Dwayne. That's your name right? Dwayne?\" Edwin continued on, always forgetting how old Dwayne was, as well as his name. He basically told Dwayne to \"fuck a lot of women\", which of course nobody else in the car wanted to hear that. Finally Richard interjected, asking to change the topic which was probably one of the only times I have ever agreed with him and was happy for him to interrupt. My face was turning red and I was eventually able to tune out the conversation. I looked over at Dwayne who was staring straight ahead with no emotion in his shadowed eyes. His ears were slightly pink though. We eventually reached a diner for breakfast where we all ordered various dishes. Olive ordered waffles with ice cream, which meant that Richard had to go back to being considered an asshole in my books again. Frank started to explain what \"a la mode\" meant in French, so everyone sat and listened intently. We were all squished into one booth; I was between Frank and Dwayne. I was really tired from waking up early and driving, so I leaned against the back of the bench, only to snap up a second later to glare at Richard when he told Frank to shut up. He then started telling Olive how ice cream would essentially make her fat. Meaning that once her ice cream came she didn't want to eat it. The whole table, besides Richard, began to dig into her food when she offered it up, all of us mentioning that she was missing out. I chimed in, hoping to cheer her up. \"Too bad Olive doesn't like ice cream anymore. I love to eat it all the time\" This got Olive back to eating her ice cream, which made me happy she wasn't listening to Richard's crappy advice. The rest of breakfast was uneventful. When we returned to the car, Sheryl decided she wanted to try diving the bus, which led to the breaking of the shift. We went to a nearby garage where they took a look at the bus. I followed Dwayne as he found a patch of grass amongst the dusty auto parts, and flopped down beside him. We both lay side by side staring up at the blue sky with the occasional cloud breaking the expansive, clear blue. After a few minutes our hands found each other, and our fingers intertwined. I looked over at Dwayne, who turned and smiled a genuine and bright smile at me. I could tell that he was actually enjoying himself on this trip so far, even though he hated his family. He almost seemed to be saying that he was happy that I was here with him. As soon as I thought that though, I mentally slapped myself. I was just imagining things that I wanted to happen. My feelings for Dwayne were getting into the way of my thoughts. We sat there in complete silence, as was usual, our hands still tied together until we noticed that everyone was heading back to the van. When the reached the rest of the Hoover family we found out we were going to have to push the VW to get it going. We established the order to get into the bus with Olive and Edwin first, then Sheryl, Frank, then I, and finally Dwayne. There was lots of shouting of instructions from Richard as we began to push the bus, while Frank announced that he wanted everyone to know that he was the preeminent Proust scholar in the United States. I grinned, it seemed I enjoyed being around Sheryl's side of the family, as well as Olive, whereas the rest of the Hoover's in this family were jerks most of the time. We all sprinted and piled to the van one at a time, though by the time it came down to Frank, Dwayne and I the bus was plowing along and it was next to impossible to try and keep up. Frank was finally able to make it in, then Dwayne barely touched the small of my back with hands to give me a gentle push so I could hop in. I turned around and grabbed his arm to drag him in beside me to return the favour. I was sitting again between Dwayne and Frank in the back seat and decided since no one was paying us any attention I nestled down beside Dwayne to take a short nap as I was already so exhausted from the events of today. I gently rested my head on his shoulder, and as I began to drift off I though I felt him weave his fingers in with mine. Thank you sooo much for reading! Please let me know what you think and give this story a review :) I know this chapter wasn't super exciting but I promise the next one will have more happening ;) And while I'm making promises, I promise chapter 11 will be up wayyyyy sooner than this one was![Chapter 12] Thanks to everyone who has read, favourited and followed this story! And an extra special thanks to those who have reviewed this story :) I tried to update as soon as possible so I hope the wait wasn't too long. I've been really busy so updates won't be too often anymore. My grandparents are going to be visiting for the next few days so I won't have much time on the computer. I'll to get a couple more chapters in before August though cause I won't have much time to write then :( Anyways, enjoy! And please review :) Disclaimer: I do not own Little Miss Sunshine or the characters from the movie, only my OC Emily CHAPTER 11: How Can You Swallow So Much Sleep I woke up a while later to Richard and Frank bickering. I felt groggy. I looked up at Dwayne, who looked down and met my eyes with a teasing look. I just raised an eyebrow at him. We pulled into a gas station and everyone piled out of the bus. Richard was on the phone, Olive went off to practice her routine and Dwayne went over to a patch of grass to do some exercises. I went over to where Olive was. \"Are you and Dwayne in love?\" she asked with big eyes when I reached her. \"No silly. What made you think that?\" \"Well when two people really like each other they spend lots of time together apparently. And in the car you had your head on his shoulder,\" Olive said with what she thought was an all-knowing look. \"No Olive,\" I corrected her with a smile. \"Boys and girls can spend lots of time together and still be just friends. That's what Dwayne and I are. Friends .\" \"Oh ok. I guess that makes sense too. But it looked like he was holding your hand then too\" \"Well I guess it just looked like that, 'cause we weren't,\" I lied. I didn't want Olive to become involved in this confusing mess as well. I left and went back to where Dwayne was. I inwardly laughed to myself at the simplicity of young kids. Everything was so black and white for them. Everything had become so complex and confusing for me. Dwayne was doing push-ups on the grass. It was amazing how much he worked out and how strong he was for someone who was so lanky. I sat down beside him on the grass. \"Olive asked me if we were in love,\" I said chuckling. \"I told her she was being silly of course.\" Dwayne just gave me a quizzical look in return. \"Dwayne, I've been meaning to ask you… What's going on-\" I wasn't able to finish my question because Richard came by and beckoned for us to get into the van. I knew I was not going to find out my answer anytime soon again since it had taken a lot of courage to ask what had been on my mind for ages, and I would not be able to do that again soon. The atmosphere in the car was tense. I shrank down in my seat in between Dwayne and Edwin, and became lost in my own thoughts. Eventually Dwayne noticed that Olive was missing and brought attention to this. We turned around and went back for her, where she was still waiting at the gas station. Back on the highway, the rest of the drive that day was uneventful. I was somewhat bored and tired, like the others in the bus since it was nearing the end of the day. We pulled into a motel and started to unload are stuff. Olive asked if she could share a room with her grandpa. Everyone began to file into their different rooms, while I stood there awkwardly. \"Umm where should I sleep?\" I piped up. \"I guess just go with Dwayne and Frank, there's two double beds in there,\" said an exhausted Sheryl. I lugged my duffel bag into the room behind Dwayne, while Frank followed and shut the door behind him. \"Dwayne and I could share a bed Emily,\" Frank said awkwardly. \"No, it's fine. I can just grab some of the extra blankets and make myself comfortable in the chair,\" I said gesturing to the plain, leather armchair in the corner of the small room. \"You sure?\" \"Yeah, it's no problem.\" I pulled open the sliding doors of the mirrored closet and reached up to the top shelf where a couple of cheap blankets and an extra pillow were kept. I took them down and left them on the chair so I could arrange them later. I went to use the bathroom first and changed into my pajamas. When I came out I was wearing a pair of my brother's old plaid boxers as well as a plain black tshirt. I saw Dwayne give me the once over as I went to put my toiletries away. This made the butterflies in my stomach flutter. All of a sudden I could hear loud shouts coming from the room next door that sounded like Richard and Sheryl. I looked over at Dwayne, who had a smile spreading across his face. Had I not known him better I would have thought he was a creep smiling at people fighting, but I understood why he would be happy about that. It's probably like what happened when his parents separated before so he hopes Sheryl would divorce Richard. It made sense since he was such an asshole. Frank came out of the bathroom and turned the TV on to try and distract us from the noise, but Dwayne shut it off almost immediately. I went to sit down beside him on his bed. \"I understand but… y'know,\" I said giving him a look that said his smiling was still inappropriate. \"I'm going to go outside,\" I continued. \"I want to get some fresh air. Wanna come?\" Dwayne got up and followed me out to the balcony corridor that ran along the motel. I noticed he had grabbed his hoodie and wished I had done the same. Instead of putting it on though, he draped it around my shoulders to keep me warm in the cool night air. I grinned up at Dwayne, while he allowed himself a small smile back. We both leant against the railing, looking out into the parking lot. The VW bus had moved since we parked it, but that was no surprise seeing as how it was not the most reliable vehicle. We stood there for a long while, taking comfort in each other's company. Finally I turned to face him. \"Dwayne… I…\" I trailed off, trying to pluck up the courage to finish what I had begun earlier today. We stared intensely into each other's eyes for what seemed like years. Finally I was about to try to speak again when a door opened behind us. Sheryl came out of her room to have a smoke, though she discreetly tried to hide her cigarette before we could notice. \"Kids what are you doing out here so late? Get back to bed. Remember we have to be up at seven tomorrow.\" We entered our room again in silence. \"Out to get some fresh air?\" Frank stated when we returned. Dwayne just shrugged at this comment and I followed suite. \"Well I'm going to turn in now,\" Frank said while he turned off his bedside lamp. The only light now illuminating our small room was the dim lamp beside Dwayne's bed. I went and arranged my bed in the chair while Dwayne changed into his pajamas, which consisted of a gray shirt and his boxers. He got into bed and sat propped up against the headboard, reading a book. Although I was tired, I wasn't sleepy so I decided after a while to go sit with Dwayne. I crawled up beside him and sat against the headboard. After finishing his page he put down his book, and took out his note pad. Thanks for being such a great friend. I really like you. \"Thanks,\" I whispered shyly. I couldn't exactly tell what he meant by saying he liked me but I took it that he meant as friends, since that was what he had mentioned in the line before. We sat in silence as usual. Our silences were never empty or suffocating. The quiet between the two of us was always oddly comforting. My exhaustion finally caught up with me and I began to feel sleepy. I leant my head onto Dwayne's should as he turned out the light. I toyed with his hand for a while, intertwining our fingers then unwrapping them while we sat in the darkness. Eventually I was on the verge of falling asleep so I lumbered over to the chair in the dark, while Dwayne helped me to find the way. He made sure I was okay and went back to bed, though not before stealing a quick kiss on the top of my head. Though I can't be sure whether the last part happened or not since I fell into a deep sleep straight away. Thanks for reading! I hope you liked this chapter. It wasn't the greatest since I was sorta struggling for ideas and I wrote this late at night so it might not be the bestest. Anyways please let me know what you think of this chapter and the story in general in a review![Chapter 13] Thanks again to everyone reading, favourite-ing and following this story :) And for those who review, you always make my day! Reviews really help to motivate me to write ;) Anyways enjoy this chapter! Disclaimer: Again...don't own Little Miss Sunshine, just my OC CHAPTER 12: Little Talks I woke up the next morning in a daze. Everyone was moving around anxiously and I could hear the nearing siren of an ambulance outside. Dwayne had shook me awake and tossed his notepad to me. Get dressed and packed quickly We're going to the hospital I threw everything into my duffel bag, and changed into some clothes, unaware if they matched or were clean. I stumbled into the van and sat down next to Dwayne, noticing Edwin's absence. We were following behind an ambulance and I figured that was where Edwin was. Once we reached the hospital everything became a blur. We found out Edwin had died. I felt awkward sitting in the hospital waiting room with the Hoovers. I felt like I was imposing on this personal matter. I sat across the room from them, letting them deal with the matter themselves. I sat, lost in my own thoughts. Eventually the family was allowed to go in to see the body. I stayed behind. Dwayne and Frank came back out after a short while and beckoned me to follow them. Once we were outside we circled the building and Frank explained in a hushed tone what was happening. We were going to take Edwin's body with us so we waited below the window of the room where the rest of the family was and they passed out the body. After that we stumbled to the car and quickly tried to make it out of there. Back on the road my mind was buzzing with lack of sleep and the stress of this morning. With Edwin now occupying the trunk, only Dwayne and I were in the back seat, so I curled up in the corner opposite from him to take a nap. I knew Dwayne had not been close to his step grandfather but I figured he would still want to be left alone. I jolted awake to the sound of a loud shrill honk that did not stop. It was coming from the VW. Richard was banging around in the front trying to get the car to shut up but to no avail. I looked over at Dwayne to notice him looking at me. He smirked when our eyes met. Sometimes I wished I could pluck up the courage to tell him how I felt and ask whether there was anything between the both of us. All of a sudden, sirens sounded behind us and a cop on a motorcycle had us pull over. He made Richard get out of the car and went around back to look in the trunk. Everyone in the car tensed up when they noticed where the policeman was headed. I looked back to see him give us a slimy smile, and wriggled uncomfortably in my seat. Dwayne slid closer and put a protective arm around me, making me instantly relax. We drove for a while longer without much event. I asked Dwayne some irrelevant yes or no questions, which had both of us in fits of silent laughter. After a bit, Olive asked if either of us wanted to do some of the eye tests she had picked up at the hospital. I declined but Dwayne surprisingly went ahead with it. To no surprise he had 20/20 vision, which he seemed to be quite smug about. I playfully punched him in the arm. Next Olive wanted to test Dwayne to see if he was colour blind. \"What's the letter in the circle,\" she asked, holding up a card that had a red circle with a green 'A' inside of it. Dwayne just shook his head and squinted at the page. \"No no no,\" Olive corrected him, while pointing at the green letter. \"Inside the circle. Right there. See?\" Dwayne crossed his arms and slowly shook his head in response. I could begin to feel a cool air come over me. \"It's an A. Can't you see it?\" Olive pestered. Dwayne grabbed the sheet out of her hand and stared at the red circle with a fierce look in his eyes. \"It's bright green,\" Frank added with a look of concern. The look on Dwayne's face fell. He reached hastily for his pad and scribbled \"What?\" jabbing it in Frank's face. With a sigh he replied: \"Dwayne, I think you might be colour blind.\" Something inside me splintered as I watched him shake the pad in Frank's face, on the verge of tears. I knew what was coming. \"You can't fly jets if you're colour blind,\" Frank replied grimly to Dwayne. With that all hell broke loose in the bus. Dwayne began to punch at the side of the bus. I shrunk into the opposite corner, scared of what I was seeing. I had never seen Dwayne so emotional before. Frank began yelling to pull the car over and Olive was flustered, not able to comprehend what was happening. Richard of course was reluctant to do something for Dwayne and hoped that there would be a good excuse. Finally on the side of the road, Dwayne hopped out of the car and took off down the hill. Reaching the bottom he cursed over and over at the top of his voice until he broke down into tears, crouching on the ground. The rest of the Hoovers had piled out of the van. I sat gingerly in the doorway on the side of the van. This felt like a personal matter that I did not want to interfere with, yet I knew Dwayne better than anyone else. Sheryl went down to try and calm Dwayne down, but only aggravated him again and caused him to curse more about how much he hated his family. When Sheryl returned defeated, I pushed myself up from where I sitting and went down the hill. When I reached Dwayne, I sat down beside him. I calmly reached for one of his hands, which he was using to hide his face. At first he tried to free his hand from my grasp but then decided against it and wrapped my hand in a strong grip. We sat like that until Olive came down to see Dwayne. I stood back up and climbed the hill again, deciding to let them have their own time together. I climbed back into the VW and sat in the back seat. When the two finally returned to the family, Dwayne helped Olive back up the hill and apologized to his family. Dwayne climbed back into the van and sat down beside me. \"Thanks,\" he whispered quietly. I smiled in return. This was the first time I have ever had him speak to me, and my stomach did a somersault. Thanks once again for reading! I hope you enjoyed this chapter :) Please let me know in a review! I had this chapter up sooner than expected, so I hope I'll have the next one up before I go away this weekend[Chapter 14] I'm back everyone! I hope you enjoy the chapter. Please review! :) CHAPTER 13: Keep Talking With everyone back in the van, we sped along the highway trying to make it in time to Olive's pageant. Everybody was shouting and freaking out as we served off the highway. Well, everybody except for Dwayne. He was lying across the backseat with his heading resting beside me and his legs bunched up on the other end of the bench. I gently reached down and ruffled his hair softly, which jolted him from his thoughts. He gave an almost invisible smile and pushed himself up to sit beside me. Almost falling on top of me as the van swerved into a parking lot and went straight through a barrier. The crazy driving from Richard didn't end there though. We flew through the parking lot, as well as barriers and down sidewalks until we skidded to a halt in the hotel parking lot. Dwayne and I were both bruised, having been thrown into each other on the wild ride. The rest of the family quickly piled out of the van and ran inside. Dwayne got off the bus first and courteously offered me a hand to help me hop over the door of the VW that was lying on the ground. That bus just kept falling apart. We smiled at each other and walked towards the building with our hands gently intertwined. He let go though as we entered the hotel. We wandered through the lobby and followed signs to the Little Miss Sunshine pageant, until we came to a room full people. It was disgusting. There were too many people walking around me for one, I never enjoyed crowds. There were hoards of girls covered with make-up and their hair teased high on their heads. They were all in expensive, sequined frocks. I felt uncomfortable and shifted my feet awkwardly. I never liked these types of events and had never gotten along with this type of people. I was beginning to question why I had come along on this trip. I also began to notice how a lot of the girls walking by us were having a good look at him. This didn't help to brighten my now darkening mood. We found the rest of the Hoovers and followed Frank to go off and sit, while Sheryl and Olive got ready for the show. We sat in a hallway for a while in silence. Frank was busy with reading the newspaper while Dwayne and I sat perched in silence. Finally Dwayne, disgusted by some giggling girls who ran by, voiced all of our thoughts: \"Let's get out of here.\" We walked back outside and along the beachside path beside the hotel until we reached a pier. It ran out far in the ocean and all three of us silently decided to go out on to it. We stood at the end for a long while in silence again. I had almost begun to forget that Dwayne was now talking, when he voiced his thoughts again. \"Sometimes I just that I could go to sleep until I was eighteen. And skip all this crap, high school and everything. Just skip it.\" That seemed like a reasonable idea. I wouldn't mind the sleeping part, plus people usually forgot how difficult it is to be a teenager. I tuned out the conversation going until between Frank and Dwayne. Instead focusing on the waves cresting below us. Even though it was an overcast day the water was still majestic. I was trying to picture how it would look if I were able to capture this scene in a drawing. \"You know what,\" I heard Dwayne say. \"Fuck beauty contests. Life is one fucking beauty contest after another. School then college then work. Fuck that.\" I was definitely agreeing with what Dwayne was saying then. Maybe it would be even better to have a talking Dwayne then a silent one. \"And fuck the air force academy. If I want to fly, I'll find a way to fly. You do what you love, and fuck the rest.\" \"I'm glad you're talking again Dwayne,\" Frank said. \"Me too,\" I agree shyly. \"You're not nearly as stupid as you look,\" Frank continued. \"Wanna go back?\" \"Not really.\" \"Well I'll head back and you guys can catch up,\" Frank compromised. Dwayne and I nodded our agreement as Frank turned to leave. I swear I saw him wink at Dwayne. We both turned back to each other, leaning against the railing of the pier. \"So you're glad I'm talking, huh?\" \"Yeah, I guess so,\" I said sheepishly, turning away from Dwayne. He reached forwards and clasped my hand. He slowly turned me back to face him and pulled me slightly towards him. I felt my heartbeat quicken as my breathing became shallow. Dwayne looked deep into my eyes and spoke: \"I've been meaning to do this for a while…\" His voice still gave me butterflies. It was so strange listening to him speak, when I had only ever known him by his silence. He broke my thoughts though by leaning in towards me. Our hands still wrapped together, I stood on my tiptoes and tilted my head up to meet his. Our lips met in a soft kiss. Even so, you could still feel the passion behind both of us. Dwayne deepened the kiss ever so slightly before we both broke away from each other. It was the kiss that I – we – had been waiting for. I turned my head away, as I felt my cheeks begin to turn pink. Dwayne reached up and brushed the hair out of my face. \"You're beautiful Emily.\" \"Oh Dwayne,\" I replied with a teasing hint of annoyance. We turned and walked back to the hotel, our hands locked together. Thanks for reading! Please let me know what you thought of this chapter! Sorry this chapter was kind of boring, I've been really busy and I'm starting to get writer's block with this story D: If you have any suggestions for how the story should go let me know and I'll take it into account! It'd be really helpful and I'm always open to new ideas for the story :)[Chapter 15] Hey everyone! I've returned! I'm really sorry I didn't get this up sooner :( I didn't really have the chance until now what with school starting. Also a big thank you to everyone who has favourited, followed and reviewed this story! You guys are my motivation :D But here is an extra long chapter for y'alls for waiting so patiently! Also I wanted to tell everyone, my English teacher this year has a Nietzsche quote on the wall which of course I thought Little Miss Sunshine when I saw that! Anyways without further a do, please enjoy this chapter! ~This will be the last chapter that goes along with the movie bytheway Chapter 14: Simplest Love I walked side by side with Dwayne back towards the hotel. Frank was waiting for us in the lobby, a teasing smile playing across his face as he looked at our interlocked hands. \"Are you guys ready to face the pageant?\" he asked. \"Not really,\" Dwayne muttered. \"We don't have to go in just yet,\" I offered. \"Olive's not on for another while, so we can spare ourselves the pain.\" Both of them agreed with me and we opted to stand around in the lobby for a little while instead. Girls in poufy and sequined frocks ran through every now and then, fixing their hair, dabbing on more make up or worrying about their routine. I sighed, as I tucked a strand of limp hair behind my ear. I had never been able to understand the concept behind pageants. I noticed a table in a corner, holding pamphlets advertising different attractions in the area. I walked over to inspect the flimsy booklets. I picked up one that looked interesting, it was talking about a nearby nature park, and the photography used was spectacular. I was lost in inspecting the photos until I heard voices a few feet away from me. Slowly, I put down the pamphlet and looked over. \"Hey there,\" a blonde girl with an incredible amount of hair piled on her head sidled up to Dwayne. He glowered at her through his hair. \"You're quite the looker. What's your name?\" she flirted, fluttering her eyelashes at an alarming rate. She went on to start talking about herself. Dwayne did not seemed to be interested but I was not taking any chances. I walked over to the two of them and confidently slide my arm around Dwayne's waist. He subconsciously placed his arm across my shoulder. \"Hi,\" I said coolly, giving the girl a piercing look. I wasn't about to loose Dwayne, right after we finally became more then just friends. \"Oh I didn't see you there,\" she stalled from her story. She looked down her nose at me and finally noticed Dwayne's arm around me. \"See you around Dwaynie,\" she said as she turned on her heel and stalked off. \"Dwaynie?\" I laughed. Dwayne's cheeks flushed pink as he looked away. \"Hey, I didn't pick the name!\" he shrugged in response. \"If you say so,\" I teased. \"Did it really bother you that much? Her talking to me?\" Dwayne said as a look of concern crossed his face. \"Well…. Umm… \" I stuttered. \"You really think I would drop you like that Emily?\" he said with a note of hurt. \"No it's not that. I wasn't worried about you Dwayne. It's just I didn't like her talking to you. I mean I don't mind if you talk to other girls, just she was so obviously trying to get with you and I don't know-\" I was talking rapidly, flustered and not knowing how to put my response into words. Before I could finish though, Dwayne was turning me towards him; one hand on the small of my back, the other angling my chin up. His mouth met mine and he softly kissed me. I kissed him back, and the kiss became more passionate as his hand slid along my jaw, resting on the nape of my neck. We heard someone clear their throat, and we broke apart. \"Sorry to interrupt the lovebirds but it's getting time for Olive to perform,\" Frank said. The three of us walked towards the large white doors, separating us from the pageant. My stomach did a somersault. I had never liked pageants or anything of the sort and I knew there was no way I could be comfortable in the room full of moms and young girls. I looked over at Dwayne. This calmed my nerves as I realized he would be no more comfortable than I. Frank opened the door, and we slipped inside the room. The room was a blur of music, girls in colour, frilly frocks and lights dancing around the stage. It was all too much. We all took one look around the room and realized we couldn't stay in there, waiting until Olive took to the stage. Our odd group turned right around and headed straight out the door again. Dwayne said he would be right back and took off in the direction of the dressing rooms. This left me alone with Frank. We found a bench nearby and sat down, waiting for Dwayne to return. \"So you and Dwayne are together huh?\" Frank said, grinning. \"I guess so,\" I replied weakly. \"I always knew that was going to happen.\" I just laughed half-heartedly in response. As we sat in silence, my mind began to wander. I wondered what would happen with Dwayne and I when we got back to Albuquerque. Would things still be the same between us? I wondered what my friends would think. Most of them, well the ones that I was good friends with, didn't mind that I was friends with the silent boy and spent my lunches with him but I do not think they ever knew how much time we actually spent together. Also now that he was talking, that would probably change things up a bit. I had only ever known Dwayne when he wasn't talking and today had been the first time I had ever heard his voice. Would we still be able to interact the same, now that he was speaking? My thoughts were interrupted when everyone else ran by. Frank and I hopped up and followed suit. The Hoovers and I ran into the auditorium and quickly took our seats towards the back of the crowd. Olive was just being welcomed onto stage. She walked apprehensively towards the middle of the stage. I was happy to see that she wasn't wearing some glitter-covered body suit like the rest of the girls in this show. Olive started her dance to Super Freak by Rick James, after dedicating her performance to her grandfather. As soon as she said this, I knew her dance was going to be interesting. It of course turned out to be every bit and more, than I thought it would be. And her routine definitely horrified most of the audience. Even though her dancing was inappropriate for a girl her age, I was still proud of Olive. She was having fun up on the stage and did not have a care in the world for what other people in the auditorium thought. Frank stood up and started to clap along to the music. Meanwhile members of the audience got up and left, or booed at Olive. The rest of the family and I joined Frank in encouraging Olive, a giant smile spreading across my face. Eventually though, the judges wanted to get her off the stage, and the creepy host with a disgusting fake tan tried to chase her off the stage. Richard ran to the stage and tackled the host off to the side. He reappeared again and joined Olive in her dancing. Frank, spurred on by Richard's dancing, joined his in-law and niece on stage. I ran up the aisle behind Dwayne, who tumbled on to stage, turning around to give me a hand up. Soon after Sheryl joined us, and we were all dancing like hooligans on the stage. It was the most amazing feeling ever. All of us dancing like crazy, not caring what anybody thought. The experience was incredibly freeing. Eventually the song had to end though, and we were ushered off the stage towards the security office. We were told to sit out front while we waited for a verdict. We waited for what felt like hours, with only the sound of ticking from a clock and the muffled yells of one of the judges within the security office. Finally a police officer came out: \"Okay, you're out. On the condition that you never enter your daughter in a beauty pageant in the state of California ever again. Ever.\" \"I think we can live with that,\" stated Frank. And with that we were on our way back home. xxx Back in the van somewhat repaired, we drove until after sundown. I sat in the very back with Dwayne as we had the whole way to Redondo Beach. We sat in one corner, Dwayne leaning against the window; I leaning on his shoulder with my feet tucked up beside me. He had casually slung his arm around me. I looked up and caught him gazing at me; I smiled and reached up to playfully ruffle his hair. We pulled into yet another motel to spend the night. The room arrangements were almost the exact same as the night before, only Olive was going to share with her parents so that we only needed to pay for two rooms. No one else besides Frank was really aware of Dwayne and I's relationship that we knew of. In our room, we unpacked what we needed for the night and each got ready for bed. Dwayne used the washroom first and emerged in an old tshirt and boxers. I went into the bathroom next, and quickly changed into my own PJs. When I came back out, I scanned the room quickly and realized there wasn't a chair I could use to sleep in this time around. Frank answered my unvoiced question: \"You and Dwayne can share. I figured you would regardless, just don't get too cozy,\" he said suggestively before entering the washroom himself. I set my toiletries back in my duffel and nervously walked over to the bed. I sat down on top of the sheets next to Dwayne, he lay an arm across me, pulling me in towards him but before he could continue with anything else I interjected what had been bothering me. \"Dwayne,\" I said almost too forcefully. I propped my head up with my arm, why I lay on my side facing Dwayne. \"What's wrong Emily?\" a look of confusion crossed his usually emotionless face. \"I don't know if I can do this…\" I trailed off. \"Do what?\" \"I mean… what are we? Are we actually going out, like boyfriend and girlfriend or is this just a fling?\" \"Emily,\" Dwayne said in a quiet and serious tone. \"I really like you, and I would hate for this to be just a fling. I really think we could work.\" I let out a sigh of relief and smiled sheepishly up at him. Dwayne ran his hand through his hair, smiling back at me. He reached forwards and pulled me into an embrace, his arms wrapping around me, enveloping me as mine slithered across his chest, one coming to rest there, the other continuing up to his hair. Soon enough our lips crashed together, our noses squished against each other. His one arm tightened around my waist, drawing my body right against him, while his other hand became tangled in my long hair. I ran my own hand through his black hair and I could feel him smile into our kiss. We could have continued like this all night if Frank had not come out of the bathroom, startling the two of us apart. He gave us a knowing look, than climbed into his own bed and turned off the light. I sat there in the dark in the moment, before crawling under the blanket to join Dwayne. A shiver went down my body, as my skin touched his. Here we were sharing a small hotel bed, in barely any clothing. It wasn't like we were going to get anywhere, we had only just started our relationship and Frank was in the bed right next to us! But the thought was still something. Dwayne wrapped his arms around me, as I leant into him, resting against his chest. He lightly kissed the tip of my nose before whispering goodnight in my ear. \"Goodnight… Dwaynie,\" I whispered in response. \"Knock it off,\" he said, amused. He rested his head on top of mine as I drifted off to sleep in the safety of his arms. Thank you for reading! I hope you liked this chapter! Please let me know what you thought in a review, that would be great :) Plus hopefully that will motivate me to get the next chapter up here faster ;) This chapter was kinda fluff but not so much. The next is probably going to be some more fluff just to connect between the two parts ot the story. Then into the second part of the story that I've been building up to for so long! :) THANK YOU[Chapter 16] Hi everyone! Thank you for continuing to read this story even though I'm not able to update often. I tried to get this chapter up as quickly as possible though that meant I didn't get to edit it as much as I would have liked; so sorry in advance for any errors. Also a big thank you to those who have read, favourited, followed and REVIEWED this story! Especially Spiritus-Sancti13, Crash Solar x, and BlackShorts for leaving such kind and encouraging reviews :) Anyways, I hope you'll enjoy this chapter! Chapter 15: When I Come Home A few weeks later… The past few weeks had passed in a blur. Summer was drawing to a close. Since we had gotten back from California, the last month or so had been relatively uneventful. Dwayne and I were still going strong, spending almost everyday together. We mainly hung out at his place and cuddled, though we had gone a few dates, the last being out to the movies. It had gone well but I did not remember much about the movie if you know what I mean. I made my way over to the Hoover's residence to meet Dwayne for the afternoon. We did not have anything planned but I figured we could spend the afternoon together, like usual. I knocked tentatively on the door and a few seconds later, Frank answered. \"Dwayne, your girlfriend's here,\" he shouted over his shoulder. Dwayne and I had eventually told his family that we were in a relationship. It was an awkward situation since I had come to know them as a second family. We didn't know how they would react, especially since Dwayne had never expressed any interest in girls before. We had told the rest of the Hoover's one night after dinner. Sheryl had been ecstatic, and Richard seemed pleasant enough about it. Olive of course had to ask questions: \"Are you guys going to get married then?\" she had asked. Everyone laughed. Dwayne lumbered down the hallway and smiled slightly at me, while I stood in the doorframe. He slipped on a pair of shoes and grabbed my hand, pulling me out of the house. \"Let's beat it out of here.\" He wrapped our fingers together, as we walked side by side through the streets of our neighbourhood. We reached the field, and crossed the train tracks into the tall grass. Once we made our way to our spot on the side of the hill, Dwayne sat down on the ground. I made myself comfortable, leaning against his shoulder. We could see the sun sinking slightly in the west, ever nearing sunset in the mid afternoon sky. The tall grass around us swayed back and forth throughout the valley in the light summer breeze. Dwayne spoke, interrupting my thoughts: \"You know…. That drawing you did from the first time we came up here was incredible.\" \"Wait? Which one? Oh…. When did you see that?\" I gasped, the colour draining from my face. I had never really intended for Dwayne to see my drawing of him. \"Let's just say, I looked at your sketchbook once.\" The drawing I had done, back a few months ago had been of the sun setting beyond the hills in the valley we were looking down on. It had been of my whole view that night, including Dwayne sprawled out on the ground. \"There's no need to embarrassed Emily,\" he said softly. \"I loved it. The drawing was beautiful… Just like you.\" \"Really? You think that?\" I stumbled. \"Oh I mean. This is all coming out wrong. I just. No one's ever called me that…\" Dwayne turned towards me, wrapping a strong arm around my delicate waist, resting his forehead on mine. With that, I reached up to kiss his soft lips. He kissed me passionately in return, running a hand through my hair and letting it come to rest at the nape of my neck. I flopped back onto the grass, pulling Dwayne with me as we continued to deepen our kiss. I wrapped one arm around him, my other hand played with his hair. He gently slid his tongue across my lips, waiting for me to allow him access to my mouth. Our kiss continued to become more and more passionate, our tongues now exploring both our mouths. We broke apart gasping for air. As he let me catch my breath, he trailed kisses along my jaw, down my neck and across my collarbone. I let out a soft moan, causing Dwayne to return to my mouth. Our hands played across each other, exploring each other. Eventually Dwayne's shirt was off and lying on the ground next to us. I slid my hand across his firm chest, my other tangled in his jet-black hair. Next thing I knew, Dwayne was tugging at my own shirt. I drew back. \"Dwayne, I can't. We're in public.\" He gave me a confused look. \"No one can see us Emily.\" \"Yeah but still. Not today okay?\" \"I understand,\" he lightly kissed the top my head before going to put his shirt back on. We walked back to the Hoover residence in silence. Though silence for us was normal, seeing as Dwayne was not a very talkative person. We still enjoyed our comfortable periods of silence. Dwayne and I lazily lumbered in through the front door of the house. Almost immediately after the door closed behind us, Sheryl came dashing down the hall towards us. Her face was pale and stricken as she began to rapidly speak to Dwayne in a hushed ton. I was just out of earshot, not hearing what was being said. Though I knew from the way Dwayne's face turned to stone, that whatever had happened was not good. Sheryl finally noticed me standing in the doorway and asked politely if I could leave. I of course wanted to give the family the space they needed, and left immediately. The strange part was though, that Dwayne did not turn around to say goodbye, let alone give me a goodbye kiss, as was the norm, before I slipped through the door. It was almost like he had forgotten me. xXxXx I spent the rest of the evening at home by myself. It was odd, since I had become so used to spending my time with other people over the past year. I almost did not know what to do with myself. I decided to try and work on some art, but gave up eventually in frustration. I just was not in the mood for it today. I usually was not a nosy person, but I really wondered what had happened over at the Hoover's. It was not so much that I was curious in the sense that I just wanted to know for my own personal knowledge, but rather I wanted to make sure everything was okay with Dwayne. That night I continued to lie awake in bed, staring at the ceiling while thinking about Dwayne and I. It really was everything that I wanted in a way. I liked Dwayne not just romantically either. He was so genuine, a trait that was near impossible to find these days with a lot of people. And surprisingly for a sullen boy who didn't talk much, I got along really well with him. We had never had a fight or even a major disagreement. The most had been little things, and this had happened even while we were friends. Never anything that was difficult to sort out. The next day I decided I would give the Hoovers their space, making up my mind to stay away until they told me it was okay to return. I decided to preoccupy myself by going out for lunch with a few of my friends that I hadn't seen much of over the summer. It was nice to catch up with them and we had a lot of fun together, though every now and then my mind would wander back to Dwayne. I did not tell them that Dwayne and I were dating. The right moment did not come up. Though I did wonder what their reactions would be. They were fine with me spending my school lunches with him, knowing we were friends, but he was a mute then and is an outcast at school. I had never stopped to consider the social implications of this, not that I really cared at all. That evening my parents went out for dinner, leaving me in the house by myself. I had finally settled down to reading a book, when there was an urgent knock on the door. I answered it to find Sheryl standing on the front step looking worried. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, instantly becoming anxious myself. \"Have you seen Dwayne at all?\" \"No, the last time I saw him was yesterday afternoon.\" \"He's been missing for a few hours now and no one knows where he went. I'm sure he just had to get out of the house but now he's been gone for so long and I have no idea where he could be.\" \"I'm sure he's fine,\" I tried to reassure her, my mind racing, trying to help think where he could have gone. All of a sudden I knew exactly where he was. \"Oh my gosh! That's it! Don't worry I'll find him,\" I told her before I ran down the steps and off down the street. I raced the last rays of the setting sun as I sprinted through the neighbourhood. At the edge of suburbia, I leaped over the train tacks and tore through the tall grass. I made it to our clearing in record time and found Dwayne where I knew he would be. He was lying on the ground, and looked disheveled. His cheeks were tear stained and his eyes were slightly red. It was obvious that he had been crying. This broke my heart to see, as he was always so collected, he was the last person I would think to cry. He did not notice me there until I reached over and stroked his hair softly. He looked up at me, trying to force a smile and get himself together. \"Dwayne…\" He sat up beside and I pulled him into a tight hug, He burrowed his head into my shoulder, circling his arms around my waist. He held me tight like he thought he might loose me if he did not hold on. We stayed like that for a long time. I gently rubbed his back, trying to comfort him. Finally I pulled back and looked him in the eyes. \"Dwayne, what's wrong?\" He paused, considering what to say before answering simply with: \"My dad.\" \"What happened?\" Dwayne went on to explain the events of the last twenty-four hours. His father had showed up on the Hoover doorstep shortly before we had returned from our outing to the field yesterday. He had showed up completely out of the blue, with one intention only: to see Dwayne. Dwayne told me that he was upset with his father for just turning up completely unannounced to see him, the first time in years. He was angry that he hadn't bothered to keep in touch with Dwayne and now wanted to spend time with him. \"You know what? I've never even had a father figure since he walked out of my life. There was never another guy that I could look up to, who was older and knew everything. Who knew what to do,\" Dwayne was starting to yell now. \"I thought every adult was fucked up. Every man on this planet was fucked up is what I thought. And everyone is. Everyone in my family is fucked. I guess some aren't as much as others, like Frank is fucked, but not as fucked up as my dad is. Everyone's fucked up.\" I pulled him towards me and kissed him gently on the top of his head. \"I'm sure everything will work out fine,\" I reassured him. He didn't seem to hear me though and kept on with his rant. \"He's such a jerk though. Does he really think as soon as I seem him for like the first time in five years that I'll be down on my knees begging him to take me back with him? He's disgusting. I can't wait until he leaves.\" \"Why did he come to visit anyways?\" I asked out of curiosity. \"Apparently he wanted to spend time with me,\" Dwayne muttered. \"Well he can't be that bad,\" I said trying to be positive, not actually knowing what to make of this situation. \"Anyways we better get back home. Everyone's worried about where you've been.\" \"You know what the worst part is though,\" Dwayne finally voiced the main thing bothering him. \"He promised that he could get me into flight school…\" So I left this chapter on a bit of a cliff hanger! I hope everyone liked it even though it was not the greatest chapter. I'm becoming a bit blocked for ideas with this story D: I may take a short hiatus with this story since I'm very uninspired at the moment, and I'm also starting a new fanfic as well for another category. Let me know what you thought of this chapter in a review (hopefully that will get me to put up a new chapter quicker!) and if you have any ideas about how the story should go, PM me and I'll take it into consideration. THANK YOU :)[Chapter 17] Sorry I took so long to get this chapter up! I've been so busy until now. I didn't get the time I would have liked to edit this but hopefully I can start on the next chapter once I get back from vacation! Again, I am so so sorry for the wait, hopefully you enjoy the chapter! And thank you to those of you who continue to read, favourite, follow and review this story! You are my motivation :) Chapter 16: How It Ended \"But how…?\" I trailed off. It made no sense. Dwayne was colour blind, essentially crushing his dream of ever being able to fly. There was no way he could get into flight school. What in hell was his dad on about? \"I honestly don't know,\" he sighs. \"I didn't think it was possible but maybe he found a way… I don't think so though. It just doesn't seem possible. That bastard.\" \"Maybe you could give him a chance. I mean he is your father after all,\" I said trying to offer some advice. I didn't want to see Dwayne snuff his father just because of hard feelings. Maybe he had really changed. I didn't know much about this man, as Dwayne had never really talked about him. Dwayne just sat there looking sullenly at the dirt in front of him. I knew it would be difficult to cheer him up but at least I would try. I leaned in and planted a soft and lingering kiss on his lips. This softened his scowl, as he smiled into my lips. \"I don't know what I'd do without you Emily.\" I smiled up at him, his usually harsh features were soft as he gazed at me. \"I guess we should get going, everyone is really worried about you Dwayne.\" I pulled him to his feet and we started back towards home. He looped his arm around my waist, as we casually found our way down the sidewalk, making our way back to our street. \"Hey Emily, I want you to come inside with me,\" he said once we reached our neighbouring houses. \"I don't think I can bare to be alone right now.\" \"Sure,\" I agreed as he led me inside the Hoover residence. I expected to find Dwayne's father inside but instead we were with greeted with an emotional Sheryl. \"Oh Dwayne,\" she said hugging him. \"We were worried.\" \"Hey, mom. It's okay,\" he said trying to reassure her, as he pulled himself away from her embrace. \"Oh thank you Emily,\" she said, giving me a warm hug. \"Dwayne, your father's not here right now, thank god. He's gone for the moment, I don't know where but he's probably at his motel or whatnot. He might be back later this evening. I know no idea with that man.\" We were left alone in the hallways as Sheryl left to go back to whatever she had been doing before we arrived. Frank popped his head out of his bedroom besides Dwayne's. \"Glad you cared to join us,\" he smirked at Dwayne, who brushed off the comment. Once we were alone in each other's company again, we stood there awkwardly. Finally I met his gaze. We stared awkwardly at each other for a moment, before Dwayne averted his gaze and pulled me towards his bedroom. He quietly shut the door behind us. I walked over to his bed, and perched myself on the edge. \"Dwayne,\" I said. \"I know this is hard for you, but just remember you're not alone.\" He slowly walked over and sat down beside me, pulling me into a tight hug. He buried his face in my thick hair. \"What did I ever do to deserve you? You're too good for someone like me.\" \"Dwayne,\" I said in a serious tone, while flopping back to lie down on his bed. \"You're a great person and you really have to stop doubting that. You're different from other people both inside and out. And that's because you care. You're actually genuine and you mean what you say. You aren't fake like everyone else.\" Dwayne didn't say anything. Instead he pulled me close, holding me in a tight hug. I nestled into his warm chest. We stayed that way, cuddling for a long time. We only broke apart at the noise of the front door slamming. \"That must be my father,\" Dwayne growled, sitting up. I placed a soft hand on his shoulder. \"Just be civil with him Dwayne. Maybe things won't be so bad then,\" I tried to suggest. Slowly, I followed Dwayne out into the hallway. We came upon a man sitting in living room, completely sprawled out like he owned the place. Sheryl was standing anxiously in the doorway, wringing her wrists. The rest of the family was nowhere to be found. \"Oh Dwayne,\" Sheryl almost cried. \"Why don't you… uh introduce Emily to your father. I have… something to do.\" Mrs. Hoover hurried from the room, leaving Dwayne and I alone with his father. \"So this is your girlfriend huh?\" the man asked Dwayne, completely ignoring me. Dwayne merely gave a slight nod of his head. Hiding his stormy eyes behind his dark bangs. \"I didn't think someone like you could get a girl. But maybe she doesn't have high standards, you know.\" I let out a small huff at this, indignant at the way this man was acting. The two continued to talk, Dwayne's father never short of ungracious side comments, especially towards me; no wonder the boy didn't care for his own father, he was a downright pig! Finally the topic that had been clouding Dwayne's mind came up. \"So have you thought anymore about flight school Dwayne?\" \"I really don't know,\" Dwayne answered honestly. \"Well it's your dream, isn't it kid? I guarantee I could wriggle a way in for you. You'd just have to come live with ol' me. But you wouldn't mind spending some time with me would ya?\" He continued, since Dwayne remained silent. Turning towards me, and addressing me for the first time, he asked: \"You wouldn't mind me having Dwayne for a while?\" I couldn't take it anymore. This man had pushed me to the end of my rope. I got up and stormed out of the Hoover residence, but not before I heard him say: \"What's her problem?\" in his same sleezy voice. I wasn't able to hear Dwayne's reply though, as I had already shut the door behind me and was running across the lawn. I couldn't believe that someone could be so awful, especially to their own kin. It made me feel sick to my stomach. I stayed in my room the rest of the day. That evening I decided to work on some sketches. I sat trying to perfect my latest drawing but gave up frustrated with it. I flipped through my past drawings, finally looking over the one I had drawn of Dwayne in our hide-out at sunset. It then hit me that Dwayne had not stopped by at all to see how I was after storming out, he hadn't even called. He was not a very vocal person, but he was one to reach out to those he cared for. I went over the next day to see Dwayne, but Sheryl answered the door saying that he had gone out with his father but that she would tell him I had been round. I figured he had gone out with his dad as common courtesy. Dwayne didn't come by later though, and over the course of the next few weeks we didn't see much of each other. When we did, we never talked about his dad at all. Dwayne seemed to be becoming more and more distant from me. xXx School had begun again, and the first week back was as stressing and hectic as ever. Already the teachers were loading on the workload, as it would be our final year of high school. One day after school I was hanging out with Dwayne at his house. We were sitting on the edge of his bed, each flipping through a book and sketchbook respectively, when I finally decided to broach the subject of his father. \"So how are things with your dad?\" I tried to say as casually as I could. \"Oh Terry? Things are great,\" Dwayne replied nonchalantly. \"Ok…\" I said in a small voice. Dwayne reached over, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. He leaned in and pressed his lips against mine. As much as I just wanted to give in, I pushed him away. \"What?\" he said before finally clueing in to what was bothering me. \"Look I apologize for him acting like a dick that day but he's not that bad ok?\" \"Ok,\" I replied with a sigh, turning my head to face him again. Straight away, his lips were glued to mine. He pulled me back with him so we were lying side by side on the bed. One arm snaked around my waist, pulling me tightly against him while the other cupped my cheek. His lips worked against mine, as he slipped his tongue into my mouth. Soon he had thrown his shirt off and was pulling my own off. It was so hard not to resist. Even though I was upset with Dwayne for trusting this asshole, I still loved him so strongly. \"Dwayne,\" I said, struggling to push him away. \"Stop.\" He pulled back, a hungry look in his eye that I had never seen before. \"Is this about my dad again?\" He continued before I got a chance to respond. \"Well I gave the bastard a chance and he's not that bad once you get to know him.\" He got up, standing away from the bed. I picked my shirt up off the floor and fumbled to put it back on. \"The few times I've been around him, he's seemed like a downright asshole. He doesn't care about anybody but himself!\" \"Well maybe it'd be nice to have a father figure in my life for once! Just because some people's parents aren't divorced doesn't mean everyone's lives are perfect? I thought you would know that!\" Dwayne yelled at me. \"That's not what I meant!\" I cried. Before I could continue to explain though, Dwayne pointed a stiff hand at the door. He didn't need to say anything, I could tell his mood from his smoldering eyes. xXx That was the first fight I ever really had with Dwayne. This year at school we didn't see much of each other anymore. The main change being that I ate lunch in the cafeteria with my friends instead. We were starting to drift apart from each other, and I knew that we could only continue to grow further apart. Thank you again for reading! Let me know you thought of this chapter! It would be greatly appreciated! :) Hopefully I can get the next chapter up soon, but I know I won't be able to get to it during the next week sadly since I'll be without a computer Anyways, I hope the wait was worth it for this chapter! Please let me know! ","Summary":" Hi there! I mainly decided to write this cause the Little Miss Sunshine section is so lonely. C'mon"}]