[{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Gaia be Damned","Author":"Bekatfela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11931573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] D He did not like Gaia. The Planet – yes. After all, a lump of unfeeling dirt was nothing but fair. He'd remembered enough of the favour – ill, mostly - in his life to appreciate something so unbendingly neutral. The consciousness herself, not so much. After many brushes with the Life-stream and nearly being killed - mentally, physically, dignified or otherwise – on a regular basis, he'd become a little disenchanted. In his defence, after losing his mind multiple times, it was hard to like the cause. Because despite all that universally worshipped godhood Loveless yammered on about endlessly, she hadn't been bothered to get off her metaphorical ass and do something about JENOVA before it reached crisis point – But yes, not going there. Dark thoughts. So it was with a certain sense of vindictive satisfaction that he repeated himself. \"No.\" The look on Minerva's metaphysical face was priceless, and probably a mirror of what had been on his for the last only-the-Planet-knew-how-long. Literally, in this case, he thought with a blink. It was impossible to tell what time it was in a glowing white expanse of absolutely nothing, and he had the feeling – the same kind usually associated with Life-stream induced hallucinations – that trying to estimate it's passing would be worse than useless. She had invaded his dream with her white wasteland, which was irritating - he'd gotten fed up of having his mind invaded with Hojo. While having a nightmare about Sephiroth wearing a mini-skirt and chasing him with an over-sized toothpick was weird (the heels oddest of all, though the bun had been a subtle touch), it had at least been interesting and the product of his own troubled, twisted mind rather than anyone else's. This would have been bad enough, but the moment she'd arrived she'd been sending him impressions, sensations, the ghosts of thoughts for a small eternity. Brokenwingalwaybrokenneverbroken-endbeforebeginningbeforeend-cyclesflightof stars-sunsetbeforesunrise- It had been the same identity overwhelming pulse that MAKO had always had, the type that over-rode thought or logic and had sent his mind screaming into insanity and pain before-hand by being too much, too strong . The planet wasn't human, didn't think like one, and no human was meant to comprehend the entirety of it's consciousness - let alone be able to hold a conversation with it. Trying tended to have a bad, and permanent, effect on sanity, self-awareness, and life-expectancy – in his experience at least. That it wasn't now was vaguely terrifying. Almost as terrifying as the sheer focus coming from the thing in front of him, seeming to study every inch. Either it was the marked impact of being exposed to it so often that he was automatically, subconsciously countering it and winning – worrying in itself – or his brain was so absolutely screwed up that being exposed to a cosmic beings thoughts couldn't screw it up any further, or at least not enough to make a noticeable difference. What it said about his life that the second sounded more likely, he thought, was something to ponder on a rainy day with copious amounts of Tifa's Mako Bomb Delux, and never to be thought of again. A sharp movement caught his eye, and he found himself following Minerva as she glided towards him. Brunette, coldly statuesque. She was wearing what looked like a tastefully pinned sheet, hiding a lot but suggesting more, embroidered edges of suns, moons and vines. Delicate featured, all angles. Hot, in the kind of remote way that Aeris had been – too obviously something more than human to really appeal to his natural, non-Zack-influenced leanings. And eerily predatory, poised for something. It was actually more disturbing than the talking. Well – it hadn't been talking so much as the determined sending of a single concept, the human shaped image of the Planet trying to frame it in language and only just succeeding. Chance, truth: end before beginning. Making right what is wrong, healing wounds before they begin. He barely resisted the urge to snarl at the over-loud thought-voice-concept . She had been going on about turning back time, having a second chance, saving the wasted lives – and just, by coincidence, stopping Hojo, JENOVA and Shin'Ra before they could even get started. Which, equally as coincidentally, might involve fighting them all over again. It hadn't been a bad pitch – for a cosmic being which probably understood human language and emotion about as well a Zolom understood the concept of playing Noughts and Crosses. Guilt tripping, restoring hope, with just enough personal carrot to make all that effort seem worth it beyond personal gratification. From the absolute blank mask, she clearly hadn't been expecting his response. Chance, truth: end before beginning. The mouth wasn't moving, but it didn't need to: the voice was loud enough to make his imaginary teeth rattle, even as he instinctively backed up a step from the rapidly approaching mirage. Sunset to sunrise. Giving the impossible, giving life, giving chance. Stopping rot. Stopping pain – us, I, you, all. Live as you wish. \"I won't do it.\" He repeated to the statue. And he wouldn't. Did she think he was some scavenger, a starving wolf, to be baited with poisoned meat? He'd been described as a wolf – and less kind epithets - before, but starving he wasn't. Not for attention – he had enough of that, thank you, and would much rather he didn't , gods-damn it. Not for fulfilment: Tifa was a beautiful and caring woman, and while Hojo had stripped his ability to give her a squalling Strife, Denzel and Marlene managed to fill that gap well enough – tantrums and all. Did he want Aerith dead? Zack? Not really, but they were happy enough where they were – and the people he'd be rescuing wouldn't be them if he went back and changed it all. The disasters were over, people were healing, and they were building something – a community, something worthwhile – with their lives. Edge was thriving, Shin'Ra had finally stopped dealing under the table, and for the first time in a while people dared to hope. Though he rarely had cause to say it, he was content , happy even, with what he had. So were the others. Mostly, he amended even as he took another instinctive step back. The glowy white plain managed – impossibly – to brighten to eye-glaring intensity. His stomach seemed to drop even as air-pressure built. \"Hey, what the-?\" He didn't even get to finish the sentence. When he woke up, it was to coarse language, the stink of sweat, and the very familiar frayed underside of a bunk-bed. It even had Miko the spring, who liked to rain fibres on him at night. Newly-Always-Fourteen year old Cloud Strife's first thought of the day was perhaps more fitting than ever before: \"Gaia be-damned bit-!\" Cloud Strife, Gaia and any other associated characters (including the setting) do not belong to me - they belong to Square Enix. I have written this purely for entertainment purposes and there is no profit motive behind it. I claim full responsibility for the Fanfiction above, though. I seem to have a thing for one-shots. Sorry ","Summary":" D He did not like Gaia. The Planet – yes. After all, a lump of unfeeling dirt was nothing but fair."},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Nothing Personal","Author":"PinboardButterfly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11731272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FINAL FANTASY VII: Nothing Personal The steady ticking of the clock in Cloud's office was not only beginning to get on his nerves, but was the only audible sound as of late in Seventh Heaven. The kids were out with Barret and Tifa. Cid was off god-knows-where in god-knows-what doing whatever it was that Cid did when he wasn't complaining about saving the world. Yuffie was most likely swindling a materia salesman in Costa del Sol, the last place he'd heard she'd been. And when he spoke to Vincent last week, he'd bought a phone. Things were beginning to look up. As promised, Cloud was rifling through the papers on his desk, trying to make sense of the mess they were in. Shafts of grey afternoon light spilled in through the gaps in the blinds, giving him just enough light to see by. His hands found an old drawing of Marlene's, crumpled and hidden beneath a number of letters from Vincent. A girl, with long brown hair, and a pink dress drawn in in vibrant, sickly pastels. Around her, fields of flowers bloomed, and a single word blanketed the white sky above her: Home He forced his hands not to shake. Smoothing out the paper, Cloud tucked it away in a drawer, hoping that when he had the time later, he'd be able to sit and stew in the silt of his memories, the memories that, despite coming to terms with at last, still stayed in that little box inside his head. A crash from downstairs followed by extensive cursing and a quick attempt to right the wrong had the blond ex-SOLDIER on his feet in a flash, first blade to hand. Frowning, he listened closer, as clunky footsteps made their way inside Seventh Heaven and an incredibly unsure voice called out: \"Uh, Cloud? You there, man? Tifa said I could find you here.\" Cloud lent his weapon back against the desk and settled down again, neglecting to respond. He didn't have the patience for this idiot today. \"Hellooo? Anyone home?\" The creaking and thumping signified he was making his way upstairs. Maybe , Cloud thought, clenching his jaw slightly, if I keep very quiet, and very still, and don't answer – he might just go away . Ha, no chance. \"Cloud!\" Dammit . \"There you are!\" The ex-SOLDIER decided it would be best to avoid eye contact, and instead continued sorting the papers on his desk monotonously. \"Reno. What are you doing here?\" Reno leant against the doorway, grinning, despite his earlier clumsiness. \"Tifa told me where you were.\" \"That's not what I asked.\" The redhead seemed unfazed. \"Yeah, yeah. I, uh, actually came here on…unofficial business.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Cloud raised an eyebrow. \"And what does that consist of? No kidnappings today?\" \"Ha-ha,\" Reno growled, then seemed to regret his sudden defensiveness and turned, what seemed to Cloud, genuinely apologetic. \"Um, no, actually. Tifa called in with Barret and those two orphans at HQ.\" What? Why? Cloud, although intrigued, didn't flinch. \"What did she want?\" That I couldn't help with? \"Per'snal favour.\" Cloud grit his teeth. \"Spit it out, Reno, I haven't got all day.\" The Turk seemed embarrassed. \"Well, she sent me, actually. She wanted me…to help you. With…whatever it is you're doing.\" Interesting . \"Not interested.\" \"Aw, c'mon, man!\" Reno moved into the room a little, pouting. \"You know I can't go back to her empty-handed! She'll kick-\" He cut himself short and coughed. \"Ahem. She won't be happy. You know how it is.\" Yeah, I do. \"Fine.\" Would she really be mad? \"But don't talk. Take these papers out back to the dump for me.\" Whatever Reno was going to complain about he held his tongue, at Cloud's request. Actually, the Turk wasn't half bad. Studiously, he spent the day helping clean out Cloud's office, and in veritable silence no less. By the time night was falling outside, the desk was clear of files, the room was swept and rearranged, the photographs on his desk were dusted and all of his important papers were not only categorised but sorted away into drawers and shelves. It had been a productive day, that, annoyingly, Cloud had to admit he could not have accomplished without the Turk. \"Well, looks like I'm done here,\" Reno said, rolling his shoulders and stretching as he glanced about Cloud's office. \"Duty fulfilled. See ya.\" \"Wait.\" Reno paused, hand on the doorframe, and looked back at Cloud over his shoulder. \"Huh?\" The ex-SOLDIER shifted slightly. \"Tifa didn't lock up the bar when she left.\" Reno grinned wickedly. 0O0 The glasses behind the bar tinkled together as Cloud rummaged through them, looking for a specific two. Reno drummed his fingers on the bar, lovingly polished by Tifa this morning before she left. It was getting dark outside. He was beginning to feel her absense. I hope she's alright . He clasped the right glasses at last and filled them with booze from behind the counter. Reno's gaze moved from the surrounding room to the full glasses on the bar and grinned. \"Talk about reward,\" the redhead said, taking a gulp. \"So what's all this about? Usually you're ready to scrap the second you see me.\" Cloud ducked his gaze, muttering something about a new leaf. I don't need to explain myself to you, of all people. There was a comfortable silence, in which secrets shifted and whispered sweet nothings from the lengthening shadows of the room. Cloud studied Reno's face, the thin brows, pale skin, red tattoos bringing attention to his silvery eyes. His mop of hair made Cloud think of Denzel, stumbling down he stairs in the morning with a spiky bed head. He couldn't catch the smile. \"Look, man,\" Reno started, breaking the still, breaking the smile. \"I know you don't like me much, an' that's okay – I've done some stuff. But I think Tifa's worried about you. Nearly broke my nose to get me to come here.\" \"I'm fine.\" Cloud's words had no feeling, something Reno noticed. He raised his eyebrows and took a drink. \"Yeah, I get it. You're okay.\" A pause, in which they could hear the low rumble of a truck as it went by. Then, Reno: \"You wanna talk about it?\" Cloud choked on a laugh. \"No.\" Not with you . The redhead sighed. \"You know, we had a new recruit, not long before the Stigma. Good kid. Young. An' he was so eager, ya know? Really looked up to Rude, too. But just before the Stigma broke out we had this job, see, on orders from Tseng. Elena, Rude, the kid an' me went out to North Corel and he …\" Reno looked down at his fingers, laying flat on the surface of the bar. \"We ran into some trouble. Nothin' we couldn't handle, mind you, but our rookie wanted to prove himself, ya know. An' he rushed ahead. An' he died.\" Reno's bluntness shocked Cloud, enough to catch him off-guard. \"Rude took it real personal, since the kid looked up to him an' all. But the reality is, if he'd a just waited for us, he wouldn't have got himself killed. And it's somethin' Rude and me think about a lot these days.\" Cloud frowned. \"I don't know why you're telling me this.\" The Turk didn't look up. \"Tifa knows you're better. She told me. Told me to try and get through to you. She doesn't want you to force it. Don't rush head, don't try to prove you're 'fine'. We fucked you up, man. So I guess I'm here to atone. And maybe…to help you along the road a bit, too.\" Cloud's grip tightened around the edges of the bar. Forgiveness? It made sense. No wonder they'd been away for so long. And if there was anyone who knew best about forgiveness, it was Cloud. The anger faded away. Reno may not have been his favourite person, but Cloud could appreciate the feeling behind his words. He was trying, at least. The ex-SOLDIER exhaled and ran a hand through his hair. \"Sometimes, when Denzel sleeps late, Tifa makes him breakfast. Marlene pulls a table together; a cloth, knives, forks, gets me to drive her to the church for a flower to put in a vase in the centre. And she's always telling me: \"Come on, Cloud! You have to smile! Denzel will want to see you smile.\" So when he comes blundering down the stairs, we're all there. Like…a real family.\" Reno looked up at last. He was smiling. \"Didn't know you were so sentimental.\" Cloud returned the smile. \"Ditto.\" The two talked long into the evening, until the sky outside had turned black beyond the fumes of industry. But the time Reno was leaving, they had drunk far too much to than was good for them. At least, Reno had. Cloud sighed. There's no way he's going to make it back home like that. Wherever 'home' is. Reno moaned from a crumpled heap outside Seventh Heaven. \"I don't feel so good.\" The blond rolled his eyes. \"Come on. Gotta get you somewhere better than the floor.\" \"Ma housss is in Sec - *hic!*- tor…Sector….uh. I can ssshow you where .\" Cloud raised an eyebrow. \"I don't think so, buddy. I'm not driving with a drunk navigating. We've got a spare bed inside.\" Cloud slung his arm under Reno's, propping up the redhead enough to help him back indoors and up the stairs. It was no problem for Cloud to carry him, but the Turk insisted, drunkenly, he could make it walking. A moment of clarity, as Reno hit the blankets. \"You know this doesn't change anything, right? Unless *hic!* Tseng says otherwise, you're all still a menace to the *hic!* comp'ny.\" Cloud nodded. \"I know, I know - although, I'm not sure you will in the morning.\" There was a loud, unattractive snore. A ghost of a smile graced the ex-SOLDIER's face. Turning to leave, he closed the door and turned off the light. Tifa and Barret arrived home shortly after the Turk had crashed in the room upstairs. Cloud was tidying up the bar when they entered, Barret carrying both Denzel and Marlene slung over one arm. They were both sound asleep. \"I'll go put them ta bed,\" Barret said, winking. \"Back in a sec.\" He exited, leaving Tifa and Cloud at the bar. She settled on to a stool, smiling as she watched him wipe up. \"Nice to see you doing the work for once,\" she teased. \"Any minute now Barret'll come down here and tell me I've got you whipped.\" At last, a laugh. \"Haven't you had me since the beginning?\" Tifa cocked her head, smiling. \"My hero.\" Cloud swathed a cloth over the alcohol spilled on the bar. \"So what's the deal with sending a Turk after me?\" She rolled her eyes. \"He told you, huh? I asked him as a favour. He wasn't supposed to let on it was me who sent him.\" \"I'm not mad.\" Cloud met her gaze. \"So where is he?\" Tifa glanced around. \"Is he gone already?\" \"Actually…\" There was a bang and a yell from upstairs, then Barret's voice: \"YO! Spiky, what the hell?! Why's a suit in Denzel's room?\" Tifa seemed to shocked for a moment, and then burst out laughing. \"What did you two get up to?\" I'm sure if I told you it would hurt what's left of Reno's pride . \"That's between me and him.\" Tifa slid off of the stool, sighing. \"Alright, alright, you can have your secrets. I'll tell Barret that Denzel can sleep in our room tonight, okay? She leant across the bar and stole a kiss. Cloud returned it, realising how much he had missed her, how relieved he was that she was okay. Tifa pulled away, batting the hand that had moved to her neck and waggling a finger. \"Uh-uh. Save that for later.\" She winked. \"Although…it's good to see you back. I'm heading up. Goodnight.\" He watched her go, watched her pause on the stairs, watched her glance back at him over her shoulder. God, she's beautiful. \"Do…you want to do breakfast again, tomorrow morning? As a treat? Marlene was practically begging.\" Cloud smiled. \"Sounds perfect.\" Tifa smiled back, a genuine one, and continued up the stairs. Cloud returned to making her bar spotless, listening to the murmur of voice from upstairs. Eventually they fell silent and Cloud made his way up, too. He changed into something more comfortable and curled up next to Tifa, arms going around her protectively. Her own were laced about Denzel. She relaxed into his presence, a sleepy smile dawning under half-lidded eyes. \"I never seem to know what you're thinking,\" she said, yawning. He smiled. \"Maybe that's a good thing.\" Because I'm totally, completely in love with you. Epilogue When morning broke and breakfast cleared, Marlene ran over to Cloud, note in hand. \"Cloud! I found this in Denzel's room upstairs. It has your name on it.\" The blonde yawned and scraped a hand through his hair. Denzel's room…? Shit – Reno! \"Thanks, Marlene. Why don't you go see if your Daddy's awake yet?\" She nodded – \"Okay!\" – and thundered off up the stairs. Tifa came over, cleaning rag in hand, and rested her chin on Cloud's shoulder, reading the note as he did. Thanks for the drinks, and tell Tifa we're even now. And that I'm sorry about those broken glasses. And the dent in the doorframe. Also - don't tell Rude about this. Please. Reno Cloud hid a smile behind another yawn. He must have left already . Tifa finished the note and looked at him expectantly. \"I won't press you, but it sounds like you had fun.\" \"Rest assured,\" Cloud said, pecking her on the cheek as he turned to go back up the stairs, \"it was nothing personal.\" ","Summary":" FINAL FANTASY VII: Nothing Personal The steady ticking of the clock in Cloud's office was not only "},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Chapter 1: Who is she?","Author":"pokemonchamp80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11543890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Final Dragoon Prologue Long ago, many people believed that Dragoons were a myth, a legend. Many believed that they didn't exist, until they were proven wrong by a young man that discovered a young Dragoon Princess. The man adopted the dragoon as his daughter, and raised her as his own. Through the years, he trained the young dragoon, and she became a fearsome warrior. When she turned age 23, the young Dragoon left the care of her adoptive parent and started out on a long journey to discover who she truly was and where she truly came from. ","Summary":" The Final Dragoon Prologue Long ago, many people believed that Dragoons were a myth, a legend. Many"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"The Final Dragoon","Author":"pokemonchamp80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11543868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Final Dragoon Prologue Long ago, many people believed that Dragoons were a myth, a legend. Many believed that they didn't exist, until they were proven wrong by a young man that discovered a young Dragoon Princess. The man adopted the dragoon as his daughter, and raised her as his own. Through the years, he trained the young dragoon, and she became a fearsome warrior. When she turned age 23, the young Dragoon left the care of her adoptive parent and started out on a long journey to discover who she truly was and where she truly came from. This is the story, of Sapphire Mononoke, Princess of planet Draconia… ","Summary":" The Final Dragoon Prologue Long ago, many people believed that Dragoons were a myth, a legend. Many"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Alone","Author":"Soaring-Far","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11150206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Breaking Benjamin What Lies Beneath Cloud doesn't know when or how things changed; slowly enough over time that he never noticed, or suddenly overnight. He wakes up alone most mornings, frequently the nights are just as lonely. When Sephiroth does come home, things are usually quiet. Eat, fuck, sleep, and then wake up to an empty bed. Take a breath Hold it in Start a fight You won't win He hates it, but doesn't know what to do. The love he feels for Sephiroth is still there, but it's like it's not reciprocated anymore. The man is slipping further away each day, no matter how Cloud tries. Had enough Let's begin Nevermind I don't care Crying is something Cloud rarely does, but the occurrences seem to be getting more frequent, though he can easily hide them from Sephiroth now that things are the way they are. He is simply never around to see them. All in all You're no good You don't cry Like you should Let it go If you could When love dies in the end On the nights when he is alone and allows himself to cry quietly into the pillows, he can just imagine Sephiroth's cruel and amused smile if the man ever saw the tears. He hasn't always been so harsh, but things have changed and there will clearly be no sympathy if Cloud speaks to him about it. So I'll find what lies beneath Your sick twisted smile The bored and uncaring look in Sephiroth's eyes while he fucks him makes Cloud nervous, but he won't bring it up to Sephiroth because that would just make him leave completely. Cloud has had to remind himself of that each time he almost does. After all, an occasionally present Sephiroth is better than a completely non-existent one. As I lie underneath Your cold jaded eyes He hears rumors about other people Sephiroth has been seeing, but Cloud ignores it the best he can. It's not like he's deluded enough to think they're false, but there is simply nothing he can do about it other than to try to be a better fuck than them. Now you turn the tide on me ' Cause you're so unkind I will always be here For the rest of my life Cloud has never been plagued with suicidal thoughts in years prior, but recently they have playing through his mind. How much easier would things be if he just ended it? He's losing the one he loves and it's probably Cloud's own fault, so what's the point? Here we go Does it hurt Say goodbye To this world When his thoughts turn dark, he makes himself go to sleep, at least it's a temporary escape, though his dreams are usually worse than reality. He often takes comfort in that fact when he wakes from the nightmares, that at least things with Sephiroth are better than what he just left. I will not Be undone Come to life It gets worse After almost a full week of not once seeing Sephiroth, Cloud comes home to find that all of Sephiroth's things are gone. There's no note or anything, everything is just gone. As if the man's entire existence in Cloud's life has been erased. Don't carry me under You're the devil in disguise God sing for the hopeless I'm the one you left behind He prides himself on not being one for dramatics, but Cloud curls up under the blankets and allows himself to cry and scream. Sephiroth is gone and there's nothing he can do about it. His life has come crashing down around him, but he can't move. Can't speak. He is truly alone. So I'll find what lies beneath Your sick twisted smile As I lie underneath Your cold jaded eyes Now you turn the tide on me ' Cause you're so unkind I will always be here For the rest of my life ","Summary":" Breaking Benjamin What Lies Beneath Cloud doesn't know when or how things changed; slowly enough ov"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Babysitting's Tough","Author":"Siera Goddess of the Sea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10990681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Babysitting's Tough Part 1 Baby Sitting's Tough Part 1 \"Cloud! Sephiroth! Knock it off!\" Maria yelled at the two high maintenance adults turned kids. The now 9 year old cloud and now 12 year old Sephiroth were trying to kill each other again. \"He started it!\" Cloud yelled, as Sephiroth threw a punch at him. \"I don't care who started it!\" Maria yelled grabbing the two. \"You two will behave and go to the living room and watch TV. Heather can fix you something to eat. Honestly, you may have been turned younger by that damn beam but you still have your adult minds. Sheesh, seems your bodies had matured but even then you were still kids. Can you guys behave until we get the cure.\" \"This Sephiroth cares nothing for TV,\" Sephiroth said, swiping his sword, apparently ignoring Maria's words like usual. \"Seph, that's enough,\" Maria sighed as the two struggled to get away. A crying noise came from upstairs. \"Great, you two have just woken Tifa from her nap.\" Maria took their swords away and threw them into the closet. She locked the door before turning to the two. \"Now go to the living room, any more arguing and you spend the rest of the day in the corner, opposite corners. And don't think I won't do it, I'll chain you two to the wall if I have to.\" \"Yes Maria,\" Cloud said running to the living room, knowing Maria was serious. Maria looked at the young Sephiroth who stood glaring at her, \"Seph, please don't glare at me. This isn't my fault, there's not much I can do.\" Maria looked away slightly, sighing softly. \"I don't like this either.\" \"If they're not back soon, I'm going myself,\" Sephiroth said, and Maria saw a glint of the adult Sephiroth in Sephiroth eyes. Sephiroth turned and walked silently to the living room. Maria turned to the stairs where Heather stood holding the 4 year old Tifa. 15 year old Vincent stood next to her. \"Man, this is getting ridicules,\" Maria sighed walking over to Heather. \"I swear, I can't wait those Cid and the others to get back with the cure. I don't know how much more I can take. \"I know what you mean,\" Heather said, \"their attitudes are worse and they are energetic as hell. And it doesn't help much our guys have been turned into kids as well.\" \"Yeah well, least Vincent's still basically normal, I swear Seph's going to drive me crazy,\" Maria said, leaning her head on the railing. \"He's more arrogant and stuck on his pride more than ever. I can't wait till he's back to normal, I liked the serious Sephiroth better.\" \"Well, Tifa and Yuffie have been angels,\" Heather said, as she set Tifa on the couch. \"Where is Yuffie anyways?\" Maria asked, looking around. \"Playing in the living room,\" Heather said as they walked towards the living room. Suddenly an explosion erupted from the living room. Cloud and Sephiroth stood in the middle of the charred and smoke filled room, Maria and Heather ran in coughing. \"What happened?!\" Heather said, looking around. \"It's Sephiroth's fault!\" Cloud yelled, pointing at Sephiroth. Sephiroth growled and went to attack Cloud. Maria sighed, \"that's it!\" She grabbed Cloud and moved him to a corner before grabbing Sephiroth and moving him to the other corner. \"You can stay there all day, I gave you fair warning.\" Heather looked around, \"…Yuffie?\" she looked behind the couch and TV. \"Maria! Yuffie's gone!\" \"What?!\" Maria looked around and ran to the couch and looked in the kitchen. They heard shelves being thrown everywhere. \"She's not in here!\" She ran back to the living room. \"We'll have to search the entire place,\" Heather said, \"check the basement and I'll check the second floor.\" \"Right,\" Maria ran out of the room and down the basement stairs. \"Vincent watch Tifa,\" Heather said as she ran upstairs. Maria searched the entire basement before running upstairs and meeting up with Heather, \"Did you find her?\" \"No, there's no sign of her,\" Heather said, they looked around. \"Where could she be,\" Maria said looking around, \"she couldn't have gotten far. Is there anyplace we haven't looked yet.\" They both looked at each other, \"the attic!\" They ran down the hallway and towards the hidden stairs at the far end. As they ran up the stairs they heard giggling from the shut door. As the door was thrown open they found the 4 year old Yuffie playing with Cait Sith. The two sighed in relief as they walked over. \"There are you Yuffie,\" Heather said picking young Yuffie up, \"we've been looking all over for you.\" \"Sorry bout that,\" Cait Sith said, \"I guess she heard me making a racket up and here and came up and I forgot to tell you.\" \"It's alright,\" Maria said, \"anyways, what were you looking for up here.\" \"I was going through the old trunks that were up here,\" Cait Sith said, indicating the dusty trunks that were all over the floor. Maria knelt down next to one, \"hey, they're filled with old books and some children's toys.\" She pulled out a few puppets, one of them looked like Cait Sith. \"We could use these to keep them busy.\" She also found a wooden sword and shield. \"Seph and Cloud could uses these without us worrying about them killing each other.\" ","Summary":" Babysitting's Tough Part 1 Baby Sitting's Tough Part 1 \"Cloud! Sephiroth! Knock it off!\" Maria ye"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"I Will Never Be A Memory","Author":"firebreather4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11829314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was given a prompt and this is what I came up with. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Do I really need to say it? Do I really? I will never be a memory. You will never be free of this grudge that I hold. And with this disease called hope, eating you alive, You'll find that I'll always be in the darkest recesses of your mind. Lurking, watching, waiting… Tell me what you cherish most. Give me the pleasure of taking it away. As your mind slowly starts to decay. A puppet, A drifting cloud in the sky, Has never even had the will to fly. On your knees. I want you to beg for forgiveness. And only then shall I release you with Death's kiss. ","Summary":" I was given a prompt and this is what I came up with. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Do I really need to say it"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Fireflies","Author":"RisemboolRanger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12114696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reno couldn't believe he'd been roped into this. He'd spent the last hour hunting for a firefly. How was he supposed to know that squishing the one that had landed on his sleeve would lead to this? How was he supposed to know Lyra hadn't seen one before? How was he supposed to know she would start screaming and hitting him and pulling his hair? Actually, that last one wasn't all that abnormal. But this search was a pain. All for some damn bug. He could have just refused to help, but with Lyra, this was the lesser evil. She could be incredibly tiresome, particularly if she wasn't getting what she wanted. Rude called it extreme mood swings. Reno called it bat-shit crazy. \"In the next ten seconds, I'm giving up and going home,\" he decided. \"If you start counting, then I'm gonna start punching,\" Lyra threatened. Geez. She was so violent for such a small person. \"But we're not gonna find anything.\" Reno swatted a branch out of his way. How had he let her drag him into wandering through bushes in the dark? \"That firefly probably got lost heading south for the winter or something.\" \"That's birds!\" \"I'm just sayin', that firefly was a fluke. We haven't seen another in the last hour and we're clearly not going to, so we may as well just call it quits and...\" The last branch he'd pushed aside had turned out to be reeds. They'd found the river. And so had the fireflies. If it hadn't been for the fireflies, they probably would have stumbled headfirst into the river. The water was black, invisible in the dark. It must have started to dry up, as it wasn't moving anymore. It was silent and completely still. The fireflies were the only indicator of its presence. The glowing bugs buzzed and flitted lazily back and forth - their reflections casting dancing golden lights across the black mirror of the water's surface, making it beautiful, rather than menacing. Reno had never seen so many fireflies in one place. And Lyra hadn't seen so many at all. \"They're so pretty !\" she squealed excitedly. Reno would have liked to have said that her reaction was worth the effort, but her voice was just so loud... He watched as Lyra proceeded to jump into the fray of fireflies that were hovering around the bank, trying to catch one. Her attempts were amusing, as they constantly evaded her. It would have been even more amusing if she'd fallen into the river. Though her attention span certainly wasn't the greatest, Lyra wasn't stupid, despite the image she sometimes gave off. She was agile and she was fast. Once she figured out the fireflies' pattern of evasion, it didn't take long to plan a counter attack and put it into action. Before long, she'd managed to snatch one from the air. \"I got one, I got one!\" she shouted happily, sending other fireflies scattering as she jumped up and down on the spot. \"Great. Can we go now?\" Reno drawled. \"No way, I'm not done yet!\" Keeping the firefly safely cupped in her hands, Lyra flitted to Reno's side, forcing him to look too. She brought her hands up to her face and carefully formed a small gap between her thumbs to peer through. She couldn't even make out the shape of the firefly - all she could see was a small, luminous light. The firefly cast a glow over her face, turning her skin golden and her eyes amber. For a moment, she actually looked serene. The gold only added to it. You could almost believe that she was normal. But of course, serene didn't suit Lyra. She opened her hands and allowed the firefly to take flight once more. It did so, arching over to join its friends above the dark river. Lyra watched its path, then turned back to Reno. Her face split into a grin. It was an expression he'd learnt to often fear. \"Wanna go skinny dipping?\" \"...What?\" was all Reno could say. That was definitely Lyra. Come up with the most outrageous idea that no normal person would ever think of. In response, Lyra pulled her top up over her head. As she pretty much always 'forgot' her underwear, it left her bearing her breasts to the night. Then, before Reno could even react, she slid both hands up along the sides of his face and pulled him in for a kiss. It was brief, but hard and deep, leaving him needing to catch his breath when she pulled away. Lyra took everything fast in life. As usual, Reno had no idea how to gage what she'd just done. Only an hour ago, she'd been trying to beat him up and rip his hair out. And not in the good way. \"Well?\" Lyra pressed, almost demandingly. \"Are you joining me?\" And as usual, Reno gave a shrug and the response that he now seemed to have reserved for everything Lyra suggested. For her only. \"Alright then.\" His shirt quickly joined hers. ","Summary":" Reno couldn't believe he'd been roped into this. He'd spent the last hour hunting for a firefly. Ho"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"The New Guy","Author":"theweaves","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12871335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You were walking along the sidewalk with Genesis Just talking to yourself because all he did was put his face in Loveless. Gosh, if only you knew why he loved that book so much, but for now you were just trying to think of a way to spark up a new conversation. \"Anything new with you, Genesis?\" Looking over to see if he was even acknowledging me. Looking up from Loveless he turns to me and nods looking right back into his book. \"Well, you want to talk about it?\" Spoken with excitement in your eyes. \"I guess so if you stopped interrupting my reading,\" he turns to you and sets Loveless down on his lap. \"My old friend Zack is finally coming back from Midgar-\" Gazing around as if trying to make it look like he was thinking, \"-Yeah, that's about it.\" Picking up Loveless again turning away from you. \"Wait!\" Pulling the book out of Genesis' hands, \"Who's Zack?\" Sighing and taking the book out of your hands, Genesis turns his whole body towards you in a dramatic way. \"He's an old friend of mine, Angeal, and Cloud. He's moving back here tomorrow. I can introduce you to him if you want.\" \"Yeah, that would be great,\" feeling excited to finally meet someone new had you all pumped up, especially the fact it was a guy. Glancing down at your phone as you picked it up you notice the time having to say your farewell to Genesis since it was getting late. As you walked the way home all you could do is imagine what this new Zack guy looked like. Time Skip You wake up in a good mood, just full of energy which was surprising for you. Looking at your alarm clock on the side table by your bed it read ten o'clock. Rolling out of bed you check your closet to see what you should wear, although everyday you just end up complaining you have nothing to wear, when you clearly have a closet full of clothes. Deciding since it was summer and warm out you search only through your dresses. Noticing a cute orange sundress with sunflowers on it, you slid it on and kneel down to grab a pair of white sandals. You have to look cute for this new guy, I mean you don't know what he looks like, but it's a must. Reaching onto your bed you pull your phone off it's charge and text Genesis. \"Hey, where are you? I can't wait to meet his new friend Zack!\" Sent. You were actually getting kind of hungry, hoping he was already at Tifa's restaurant so you could grab something to eat. \"Hey, I'm at Tifa's restaurant, Zack and the rest of the group is already here. Hurry up and get down here.\" Getting excited to know Zack is already in town and at the restaurant you forget you are hungry the whole time you spend running down there. You trip a couple times noticing people staring, but who cares, you are about to meet a new man. Arriving at Seventh Heaven you glance around to see where everyone was. Seeing Genesis, Cloud, Angeal, Reno, and Rude, but you see someone else. You didn't recognize them, they had black hair. That must be Zack you thought. Starting to walk up to the group Cloud turns around and notices you. \"_! You finally showed up! We were waiting for you.\" Everyone turns around as Cloud starts screaming to the whole restaurant about your arrival. How embarrassing. All you could get yourself to do is smile and wave. Looking over you see a pretty boy with slick black hair get up out of his chair and start walking towards you confidently. Tensing up when he reaches his large hand out practically towards your face because of the height difference. \"Nice to meet you, my name is Zack. You must be _. I have heard a lot about you from everyone, but no one seemed to mention how gorgeous you are in person.\" Beaming his straight pearly white smile. Feeling the heat of your face from his compliment, you bow as you shake his hand, nervous he would laugh at your facial expression. \"Haha, thank you, Zack. Nobody had mentioned they spoke about me so much to you.\" You start heading back over with everyone and sit down next to Zack and Reno. You were pretty close to Reno considering he was always there for you when you needed an ear. As the day goes on, you learn more and more about Zack and really start to appreciate who he is, other than just his looks. He seems like a very charming and nice guy. While playing a few tables games such as poker, you realize he had been glancing over at you more times than not. While sitting at the bar you can't help but daydream about him. If love at first sight was ever questioned, you just had the experience to prove it true. Zack glances over and notices you zoned out, so he decides to start shaking you for some reason. \"_! WAKE UP!\" Screaming in your ear for the whole bar to hear. To everyone else it might seem like you two have been friends for years, but really Zack just seems like the kind of person that is friendly with everyone he meets. It is already dark out sadly, which meant you had to say your goodbyes to Zack. After saying goodbye to everyone, you, Zack, and Cloud were left. \"Zack, I think you should take _ home tonight. She lives pretty far away and I don't want anything happening to her on the way back.\" Cloud says harshly making sure he got his point across. Giggling at the look on Cloud's face when he tries to be serious. \"Yeah, that's no problem. I don't mind taking her home. See you tomorrow right?\" \"Yes.\" Cloud and Zack shake hands one more time as you walk out before you take your seperate ways. Cloud drives away and you and Zack both walk back to your house. The whole walk home neither of you said anything, which made the whole walk a lot more uncomfortable than it had to be. As you arrive at your front door you realize that you have to say goodbye to this beautiful man now. You had your time with him. \"Uh, can I just stay here the night? I'm living with Cloud for now and it's already late, so was hoping you'd let me stay?\" Stopping dead in your thoughts, you just realized you might get the chance to spend the night with him. Although you hated sleepovers, this was different. He was a hot man that wanted to sleep at your house, and it was fairly late. Making him walk home would have been rude. \"Sure, that's fine. You can sleep on the couch, I have extra blankets and pillows in the closet.\" Saying as you jiggle your key in the handle waiting for it to finally unlock so you aren't just awkwardly standing there. As you step inside you suddenly her Zack gasp loudly after closing the door. \"This place looks a lot smaller from the outside,\" turning to look at the front door to take everything in. You chuckle as you walk through the hallway to the closet. Opening the door and grabbing the best blanket and pillow you have to make sure he doesn't regret staying here. As you were doing that, Zack slowly walked around, looking at everything and taking it all in. Finding his way to the living room he decides to make himself comfortable on the couch. You walk back in to set the blanket and pillow on the couch noticing how comfy Zack has already made himself. You start walking away to go to your room to rest, just as Zack swiftly grabs your arm and pulls you back onto the couch next to him. \"You know, I have always hated sleeping by myself. But maybe tonight I won't have to worry about that right? Cause you will be right by my side.\" Looking over at his puppy dog eyes before hiding your blushing face, realizing what he had just said. \"Uh… I… I guess so… yeah.\" Mentally smacking yourself at how stupid you just sounded. You could have sounded a bit more confident. Zack snakes him arm underneath you and pulls you down slowly onto the couch, wrapping a blanket around, hugging you close to him. You could feel his warmth radiating onto you. \"Earlier when I told you you were gorgeous, I was serious. I was maybe hoping you liked me back? Because that would be awesome,\" laughing as he continues, \"I know I probably sound pushy and I'm not really the romantic type so this is pretty hard for me right. I just want to say I think I like you. Which then again who wouldn't?\" He smiles just as you start looking down, not feeling confident enough to look him in the eyes. Sadly, he grabs your chin forcing you to look at him, waiting patiently for your reply. \"Well, you're handsome and you seem really kind. I think I like you too. No, I think I love you and I would love to sleep with you tonight.\" Sliding up to kiss him on the lips you pull back quickly to make sure he wasn't displeased with you doing that. He smiles at you and you look back with an almost face tearing smile. He leans down to start kissing you again and before you know it you both were making out the rest of the night. ","Summary":" You were walking along the sidewalk with Genesis Just talking to yourself because all he did was pu"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Wolves Teeth are Wolves Teeth","Author":"Bekatfela","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10879464","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Despite appearances and apparent mannerisms, Cloud Strife wasn't the strong, silent type. At least, not in the conventional way everyone seemed to assume. He was strong. If he'd been any less, physically and emotionally, he would have been broken long before Advent Day and the Terrible Trio. A jibbering wreck. Dead. If not by the blade of Sephiroth, then certainly through his own mistakes and fragile sense of self. He was strong because he was too damn stubborn to give in and let life have it's own way, and too damn stubborn to let himself fall. They called that heroic. He called it fucked up that he had to be that way to survive. But you didn't have to know the Wolf personally to know it's teeth were sharp: exactly as nature intended and dangerous, it just undeniably was, a fact of life. Yes, Wolves teeth were Wolves teeth, and life wasn't fair. And while he was silent, that was mostly because he wasn't one for saying things he didn't mean, and had to be one of the most socially awkward individuals on the planet. Being Zack for a while had helped him understand and interact, in a way, but his core personality was one of an intensely private and paranoid man. It was a trait taught to him by the greatest teacher of all: experience. And thus, he felt, well earned. He just didn't do the people-thing of superficially getting on with others. He had a good head for business, a burning wanderlust taught of a once intensely curious mind, but people he just didn't get. A vital part of it, however, had to be said to be down to a very comprehensive understanding of himself and application of self-control. He understood why he reacted certain ways, and how this could be triggered: accordingly, he could both pre-empt and control these reactions. The result was him not being very socially acceptable (or indeed, accepting), generally because he was restraining the urge to commit murder, to flinch, to drop into a combat stance or strike before looking when surprised. Because with his speed and strength, it was oh-so-easily done. So when he heard about Project Rebirth, he didn't flip out. He didn't draw his sword or swear or behead Shin'Ra or burn Neo'Shinra to the ground. Instead, he closed off. Interestingly, this made everyone else more weary than if he'd raged. The first reaction mentally was a rampaging knot of everything, too many to identify roaring for his attention and briefly stunning him, but one he quickly pushed back in favour of regaining some semblance of emotional balance. Rage, hate, unhappiness, agony, tiredness, hysteria. And so on. He wanted to destroy. To collapse. To cry. To give up. To wreak violent havoc out of pure frustration at the idiots that surrounded him and insisted on making his existence akin to living hell. His heart had dropped through his stomach like a lead weight. The second reaction was the strongest, and an oddly dominant one. He was so tired of this dance. Go through emotional hell, face a confrontation that would scar him for life and then go back to pretending that everything was fine, and that he could be normal and safe and happy despite being an amnesiac, insomniac ex-science experiment, arguably sociopathic at times and suffering from a violent form of PTSD. Safe? Happy? Even in his own psyche he wasn't safe ! And now this. He'd known it was something he wouldn't like when he'd responded to the polite summons: especially when a month later, Rufus hadn't even tried to reprimand him for not being punctual. But never had he imagined this. They were bringing them back. Of his own free will, with the support of the general public from spin-doctor's silver tongues and careful shifting of opinions and impressions, Shin'Ra was going to bring the three Generals and a smattering of SOLDIER First and Seconds back through cloning. The same three Generals who'd started what amounted to Apocalypse. The Mad-man himself. \"It's in our best interests as a company and as individuals to inject something new, something daring into it. The risk is calculated, and minimal-\" Rufus was talking ten to a dozen, slick and smooth exterior cracking slightly in the face of his neutral demeanour. Shin'Ra continued: Neo'Shin'Ra needed an edge, something to drive forward with; the enhancements of the SOLDIER's were the first step, unravelling the medicinal and beneficial properties, but also for the leadership. After all, who better to tell them how to avoid being Shin'Ra of old than those who orchestrated it's downfall? Of course they wouldn't be brought back with all their enhancements. Just enough to be useful, not enough for Neo'Shin'Ra to lose control. After all, who could say what state of mind Rhaspados was in? Or Hewley? Or… Him? He was the most critical component, but also the most volatile. Rufus was promising to be most careful with… Him. And didn't these men deserve a chance to live without JENOVA in them? To live free of Hojo's shackles? Surely Cloud, as a … former guest of the good doctor's hospitality, could empathise at the very least? That aside, couldn't Cloud imagine what they would achieve within Neo'Shin'Ra? Tuning out the oddly impassioned speech, Cloud's opinion was Rufus had more than a clinical interest in it than he was saying, because business couldn't make the Turk-trained Shin'Ra's eyes shine with desperate hope. The man had been too well tutored to let everything but the most momentous news break his mask. Reno had shifted the moment he'd tensed, just slightly, but the red-headed Turk was now in the perfect position to get between Shin'Ra and himself. It wouldn't do them any good. The Turk's were usually unenhanced but trained to a level to match someone who was. Reno was an exception, carrying low level enhancements and the weapons to match: still, Cloud was older, stronger and faster than the scrawny Cadet he'd been and could only remember in out of context flashes, and the flames of an insane Sephiroth had forged him from Steel to Adamantium. Into a Weapon of the Human's devising rather than Gaia's. Had he wanted to kill them all, had he allowed himself to kill them all, he would have been able to easily. Shin'Ra trailed off in his silence. The Turks that were playing as body-guards – Elena, dyed blond and deceptively petite, Rude, ebony skinned, bald as a coot and taller even than Reno - stood perfectly still but poised to intercept any strike. He absently pitied the poor bastard that attempted assassination. If Rufus didn't get them the Turks would. Could he face another battle with Sephy- No, Sephiroth ? Yes. The answer to that was easy and clear, branded into the very centre of his being. He could, and he would win. But he would lose himself in the process. Already paranoid, he'd start seeing enemies in shadows, betrayal in care, plot in well-meaning attempts to help. He'd had Zack and Sephiroph and Jenova over-riding his native personality too much to be unscathed, and though he was healing, the last battle with the Terrible Trio had re-opened the mental wounds too wide to heal completely. Another battle with Sephiroth would tear him to bits. He understood himself too well to deny he was on the edge of sociopathic and suicidal tendencies. The thought didn't bother him too much, a sure sign of how far it had developed. He didn't need a psychiatrist to tell him that . He wanted to say any number of things. Fuck you for making it all come back, or, I hope Sephiroth get's blood all over his shiny leather jacket when he kills you all , or (his personal favourite) You retarded whoreson! How could you make the sacrifice of an entire town worth fuck all? And all to play god! Your bastard of a father would be proud of you! What he actually said was something much nicer on the surface, but also far more final. \"Fair parting on cold winds.\" It was an old farewell from Nibelheim, a culture now all but extinct, and their roots as a Northern populace. It was the farewell to warriors going to a suicidal battle in full knowledge of it, an epithet at funerals and Burnings signifying the wind's taking of a Soul to the Mountain's heart and thence to the Lifestream, and a parting between friends when the trust had been broken and there was little chance of reconciliation. How it was meant depended on the person and inflection. This time, Cloud meant everything it could mean. Shin'Ra thought he was helping the world and was prepared to put his company and life on the line to do so. But he also gained something out of it, though Cloud didn't necessarily begrudge him this. Had Cloud not spoken to Zack and Aerith in the Lifestream, the thought of bringing the First Class back, alive, wouldn't just make a tight feeling clench in his chest like it was now, half-threatening to choke him if he let it free: it would bring hope. The same he could see in every pore of Shin'Ra. Friend? Helper? Someone he revered? More, even? He wouldn't be surprised. Rufus Shin'Ra had lived in the same building as many of the men he was proposing to bring back to life, consequences be damned. And this was definitely personal for him, smooth talking aside. Maybe he thought he was giving someone a chance at life, maybe he thought he was making things right. Making it fair . But in doing so, Shin'Ra was taking a risk with every battle Cloud, Avalanche and any other had ever fought in defence of Gaia, every Life given in stopping Sephiroph and Rhaspados and raiding Deepground, JENOVA, every loss branded in a being during what amounted to a brutal and inhuman battle to save the very Planet from destruction. Some dreams were unreachable, and some not meant for the living world: some more terrible for having been realised than anyone would ever have guessed. Which Shin'Ra's was remained to be seen. \"I wish you luck.\" He added as an after-thought, the unspoken obvious. For everyone's sake. Rufus Shin'Ra had broken the trust and was endangering everything. And this time he wouldn't be picking up the pieces. Wolves' teeth were wolves' teeth, he couldn't help thinking as he turned on his heel and walked from the office with a weight off his shoulders. And feeling oddly free. And as Shin'Ra would probably find out soon, life wasn't fair. The people, places and events alluded to in this delectable piece of random Fanfiction do not belong to me in any way, shape or form. They belong to a company, of which I am not part. I take full responsibility for how it came out though. ","Summary":" Despite appearances and apparent mannerisms, Cloud Strife wasn't the strong, silent type. At least,"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Someone to Protect","Author":"harpiegal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10773184","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Someone to Protect (A Cloud Strife One shot) Spring in Midgar was pretty warm, to say the least. It was just as hot now as it was during summer. \"Get back here, you bitch!\" I looked to the center of town to see a girl my age running from a muscular man on a motorcycle. She had green eyes and black hair. \"Let go of me!\" \"Now that I caught up with you, girlie, time to have some fun.\" Those words made me angry to think someone could ever take advantage of a girl like her. \"What the hell am I thinking? I don't even know her.\" She punched him to get him to let go, but he wouldn't move a muscle. I approached him, and she looked at me with fear. \"Who are you?\" \"Someone that's going to help you.\" She didn't seem too convinced, but she seemed to change her mind as I pulled out my sword. \"I suggest you leave her alone, pal, or else I'll have to disable your ability to have children...permanently.\" With those words, he ran off not looking back. The girl looked at me and smiled slightly. \"Thanks for helping me. He wanted my money and I wouldn't give it to him. I'm Alicia, but most people call me 'Ali'. Who do I have to thank?\" \"I'm Cloud Strife.\" She held out a hand, but I didn't take it. \"Not to be rude to you or anything, but I'm not too good with people I just met.\" I thought she'd start yelling or swearing at me, but she just nodded and smiled. \"It's understandable. I'm usually not that good with new people, either. Do you know of a place where I could get something to drink?\" \"There's a bar nearby. Hop on, and I'll take you there.\" She got onto Fenrir behind me and we raced towards 7th Heaven. She looked at the bar's sign as we arrived, and I could tell she was impressed by the inside of the building, too. Tifa was at the bar drying off some clean glasses. \"Back already, Cloud?\" \"This is Alicia. I helped her get away from some punk and she wanted something to drink. This was the closest place I could find.\" Tifa looked at Ali, who was looking at the vast drink menu. \"Miss Tifa, I'll just have a glass of white wine, please.\" Ali gave her the money, and Tifa prepared the drink. One sip, and I could tell Ali liked it. \"This is awesome. The best wine I ever tasted.\" \"Well, thank you.\" Over time, I grew to enjoy Alicia's company. I trusted her so much I took her to where I put Zack's now rusty sword. That area finally grew a lot of green grass and flowers, which made the sight more calming. \"This sword belonged to a friend of mine that died in battle. This sword overlooks the town in his memory. I figured I'd show it to you.\" \"Wow. He must've meant a lot to you, Cloud.\" I sighed heavily and nodded. \"His girlfriend Aerith and I were pretty close, too. She died because of a man named Sephiroth. I took care of him, so now she and Zack are finally at peace. She smiled at me and hugged me to her closely. \"Thanks for trusting me, Cloud. And thanks for being there to protect me.\" I stood there for a moment, then wrapped my arms around her and placed my head on top of hers. \"You're welcome, Ali.\" For a few minutes, neither of us said a word as we basked in the moment. I knew she was \"the one\" that I've been looking for, and I'm prepared to protect her with my life if I have to. She changed me forever when she first looked at me with her beautiful green eyes and lovely smile, and I was glad to know she was mine and mine alone. \"Ali..\" \"Yes, Cloud?\" I smiled at her before gently placing my lips on hers. She didn't react at first, but she started kissing me back. After pulling apart, we got back onto Fenrir and headed towards Midgar. I am Ali's protector, and I plan on keeping it that way for as long as I walked on this earth. That's a wrap for this one-shot. Hope you all liked it :D ","Summary":" Someone to Protect (A Cloud Strife One shot) Spring in Midgar was pretty warm, to say the least. It"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Mission: 5990","Author":"Mrs.Youko Kurama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10123605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There was memo on Hailey's screen when she walked into her office. It read \"Hailey, you are needed on a mission here are the details. Mission: 5990 Objective: Retrieve Jenova's head Agents: Tseng, Elena, Hailey, Reno, & Rude Her phone rang, it was Reno. \"Hail, did you get the memo?\" Reno asked. \"Yeah.\" she answered. \"I can't believe Rufus is sending us on a mission together!\" Reno exclaimed. Reno and Hailey had been dating for 2 years, and when this Jenova business was taken care of he was going to propose. \"I'm really looking forward to it.\" Hailey told her boyfriend. \"Hey, look out your window.\" he told her. She turned around and saw Reno standing under her window. \"I'll be down in a minute.\" she told him hanging up. She pulled off her tie and let her curly black hair out of it's usual braid. She ran down 72 flights of stairs and out the door. She ran into his awaiting arms. \"Boy do I hate Tseng right now. \" Hailey told him. ","Summary":" There was memo on Hailey's screen when she walked into her office. It read \"Hailey, you are needed"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"The Thing with the Suit","Author":"ReformGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10142246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A. N.: This is my first time fanfictioning. My plan was to read fanfcition. Maybe to comment them. Not to make them. But as usual, if Loren demands asks for something I can't say no. And, as I saw it in many other stories, I own nothing, no characters, no universe, no money, not even the idea (because it's Loren's). The Thing with the Suit Useless. Adjective - not fulfilling or not expected to achieve the intended purpose or desired outcome. There was a time Tseng didn't use that word. It didn't fit in his resource-oriented life. Everything and everyone was useful. Elena for example. She seemed useless as a Turk and a lot of people thought that only her „vitamin B\" got her into this exclusive group of ShinRa employees. But it was a fact that she was a valuable office worker. She was almost as good as Tseng. A living rule book, working her ass off. And besides, she was athletic. She just needed more time than others to mature and Tseng was sure that, one day, she'll also be a good associate for outdoor missions. But today he didn't know how to describe what was sitting in front of him. There was only one word he had in mind and it repeated itself, like an old and broken record. Useless. Useless. Useless. There was no other word for his situation. Tseng didn't spare a thought about seeing this shop again. With its dusty shelves, its dusty tools and its dusty owner. It was a shop full of chaos, dirt and a smell which made one think of ones old aunt, who always kissed and pinched ones cheeks. Certainly Tseng didn't come here for that. No, he came because its dusty owner was a genius. „Ack – ack – ack!\" The rough laughing of the dusty owner filled the room. „So you came here to order another 50 suits? What happened to the others?\" „Work.\" was Tseng's only reply. „Talkative as always, eh? It took me and my team 4 whole months to sew them. I thought after that I'd never have to see your stern face again. And yet, here you are, telling me to sew another 50 suits.\" „If I could choose I would have another 50 suits in my closet. But you refused to tailor more than 50, if my memory serves me right.\" „Ack – ack – ack!\" Again the rough and weird laughing. After all this time it still was the only thing not dusty in this shop. „And sharp as always! But did your sharpness also consider my handicap?\" The dusty owner waved his right arm, which ended at the wrist. „At least it didn't escape my notice.\" In fact Tseng couldn't help but to stare at the arm stump for the last 10 minutes. „Then I also think you considered that I can't tailor your suits anymore, eh?\" „Well, I did hope you could contact your old team and instruct them.\" It took a lot of strength to keep the cool and emotionless face. Indeed, it was Tseng's last hope. „How many shops did you try before you came here?\" The dusty owner gave him an amused look, as if he knew the answer before Tseng had time to think. After a short while thinking about what to answer, Tseng decided to understate a little. „Seven.\" That was a good number, enough to show that he did consider to turn to another shop, but still too little to make him look desperate. And gosh, he was desperate. Something nobody, especially not the dusty owner, was allowed to know. „Ack – ack – ack! You are lying. Funny, you still think you can deceive me. I tailored 50 suits for you. It's like we are married. Ack – ack – ack!\" Sixteen years ago, when Tseng first met the dusty owner, he would've been horrified by this remark. And even though he only went to see him from time to time (last time was five years ago) he still remembered the weird kind of humour the tailor had. Today he could only massage his temples and give an annoyed huff. „So, you rob me off the illusion to never see you again, demand the undoable and now you even take the fun of teasing you. What a bad guest you are.\" Tseng still tried to remain calm. „I am not your guest. I am your customer.\" „Ack – ack – ack! And a very rude one, if I may be honest.\" This conversation turned into something Tseng couldn't classify anymore. And things which he couldn't classify didn't exist. In fact it was the first time Tseng didn't know what to do. His headache got heavier every minute he spent in this dusty shop, the dusty owner obviously had fun teasing him and the worst was he couldn't leave. Or hit the owner. Or just burn this damn shop with all its dust to ashes. The cruel truth was he needed the weird tailor. So he had no choice but to stay and hope that there was something which could make this man change his mind. „Well, then let's get back to business. Or, like we in my old village say, butter to the fish! Ack – ack – ack! I already laughed about that sentence when I was a rug rat!\" The tailor slapped his left thigh, trying to breath while laughing. „Yes. Very funny.\" Tseng replied dryly. After the laughing flash, which lasted for 4 minutes and 36 seconds, the dusty owner finally was able to talk again. „Okay then, how much would you be willing to pay?\" Tseng was slightly surprised. In a good way. Which happened once a year. He thought that he would have do a lot more of persuading. But when the dusty owner asked he didn't have to think about the answer. Because that was a territory he knew well. Business was his arena and he was the best gladiator in it. And of course he thought about that over a week ago. He wanted to start with a little bit and would go slowly higher, acting like every price the owner named would be an effrontery. „1.000 Gil. Per suit.\" „AAAAAAAACK – ack – ack – ack – ack – ack – ack!\" The volume of the laughter was ripping his eardrums. „Try again!\" After a few seconds pretending to think about the price Tseng answered in a voice which the people who knew him well would classify as „generous\". „2.000 Gil.\" This time the dusty owner gave just a dusty giggle. He had a knowing expression and Tseng realised he was far away from making a good price. „I know you would be willing to pay only that much. But let me ask differently this time: How much is it worth to you ?\" That was indeed a question Tseng wasn't prepared for. He never thought of the value of his suits. He needed them. That was a hard fact. And the dusty owner in his dusty shop with his dusty team tailored the best suits. Was it fair to demand 50 more suits from a person who would have great difficulties in rounding up his old mates, work and instruct with only one hand for a mere 2.000 Gil? Probably not. Of course Tseng would have to subtract at least 2.500 Gil for the bad, disturbing, annoying personality of the owner. But even then it would be far more than 2.000 Gil per suit. Then now was the time to go all in. „10.000 Gil per suit. That is my last offer.\" „Ahhhh, now we are talking, eh? I think that will be fine. But I want the payment beforehand. Ack – ack – ack! Don't gimme that look! I know you carry your cheque book always around. And I suppose a smart youngster like you has some savings.\" Tseng still didn't give up his stern face. In his mind he went through all possibilities and backdoors the owner could take. „It's not about the money. It's about trust. You did try to trick me a few times.\" „Hee – hee. I didn't try - I did. That is a fine difference.\" The vein near his brow pulsated unpleasently heavy. He knew it was only to provoke him, to tease him, to draw out some kind of emotion or weakness. Years ago he could fight back. But this time he was desperate. And even though he tried not to reveal that, the dusty owner fully knew. And he also knew that Tseng didn't have another possibility. No ace up his sleeve. No backddor. Nothing. Tseng had to surrender. It happened just a few times in his life. These times were important times. Times when he had to decide between life and death. He didn't regret one of them, he did what he had to do. None of these defeats ever hurt him, yeah he didn't even classify them as defeats. Not this time. He didn't have the choice between living and dying. He didn't have to decide which loss would be worse. There was no threatening danger. No mastermind who tried to trick him. It was just an old dusty man. With just one dusty hand. And he had no choice but to accept that. With his vein pulsating even heavier than before he took out his cheque book. He wrote down the sum of money. He tried to give the owner a death glare while giving him the piece of paper. And realised he stopped breathing. Starting to breathe again he tried to save at least some of pride, which was shattered all on the ground. „I suppose you will take 4 months to let them sew. Since you have to gather everyone I suppose you need two more weeks. After that I will come back and for every undone suit you owe me one more.\" „Ack – ack – ack – ack – ack! Finally you are back to normal! For a moment I thought you lost your inner Tsengness there.\" He didn't even ask. He knew he would regret that question. He turned around to leave the dusty shop. But the owner stopped him. „Before you leave, could you do me a favor, eh?\" Turning around again he gave the dusty old man an asking look. „Eeeeh, that closet over there. Please get me my stuff which is in there. I'm gonna need it.\" Tseng took a deep breath, turned around, went to the dusty closet and opened it. And gasped. And turned around before even thinking about his face. AAAAACK – ACK – ACK – ACK – ACK – ACK – ACK! I wish I had one of those picture capturing machines! Your face just now was the best thing ever happening in my life! ACK – ACK – ACK – ACK – ACK!\" Tseng lost. Really bad. He didn't just lose in his arena. He lost in every arena possible. The invincible gladiator tricked and beaten. By an old dusty man. With one dusty hand. They hang in the closet, his 50 suits. ","Summary":" A. N.: This is my first time fanfictioning. My plan was to read fanfcition. Maybe to comment them. "},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"DARKNESS","Author":"Timeless Limits","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9965930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I thought of this while reading the poem LOVELESS which In Final Fantasy VII Advent Children. It inspired me to write my own version of it. Hope you enjoy! DARKNESS Prologue ( Poem ) When the battle of dread has reached the endless hell. Even time stops to hear the bell. The darkness descends from the Earth. Consuming this pitiful life. Act I The reaper descends from the sky. Its kill, sharp like a knife until its glimmer has reached an end of its life. It's black wings dark as night. When joy is bought, be warned for darkness has also left a gift. While bringing forth bliss, it leaves a descendent of its pain . The shattered hope enlightens the black feathers of my wings it says. Act II Happiness is turned to dread; when life is turned to death, the sign of the end draws you to the killer of light; bringer of dawn. Dreams of heavenly slumber hath evaded thus minds. As the morrow will be the final light. The end is nigh. Act III My friend do you worry? For a world awaits that abhors your fight. Do not be frightened, the darkness has become the final being of your sight. My friend, you are the bringer of hope. The gift lies through you; it is the forestow of my return. Act IV Be known, the fates are cruel. There is no hope, no hero remains. The weapons cuts through my chest, the twin devils of the reaper to my left. Corruption twists my soul, they say vengeance is for all. Have i endured torment to the point where my story is not said to men? I speak in my own salvation, have I awakened your eternal slumber? Legend shall speak of my rath but the wind will scoff and laugh. You have the eyes of a devil but a soul of an angel, the water repeats the words. Act V (Final Act) Even if this fate is scarred with lost promises. Nothing shall forestall my return. For my wings do not bear the sign of an angel but of a monster. A devil. To become the stew that quenches this land. To spare the lives, the bloodshed and sacrifice. I offer thee this silent prayer of light, one that can consumes my life. But be warned for thy don't know, darkness is still alive. But now i bring you my brothers and sisters to the dawn of life with myself. Remember when the bell rings loud, time stops itself ","Summary":" A/N I thought of this while reading the poem LOVELESS which In Final Fantasy VII Advent Children. I"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Just a Daydream","Author":"Gyuururu-kun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10078435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Just a Daydream Warn: CANON/OOC/Misstypo(s) Don't like, Don't Read Rambut pirangnya beralun ditiup angin lembut. Entah apakah ia harus tersenyum karena sekarang untuk kedua kalinya ia berhasil mengalahkan Sephiroth. Namun, dalam lubuk hatinya masih tersimpan rasa kesedihan dimana ia harus kehilangan dua orang yang teramat penting baginya. Berat untuk melepas kepergian keduanya mencoba untuk menerima kenyataan. Di depannya sekarang tumbuh sekumpulan bunga—taman kecil, tempat ia dulu menancapkan pedang pria itu. Tanpa suara. Ia hanya terdiam memandangi kumpulan bunga itu. Perpisahan manis di akhir pertarungan mereka—saat Zack dan Aerith tersenyum padanya sebelum pergi dan ia membalas senyuman mereka. Meski masih berat tapi ia terus mencoba bertahan dari rasa sakit kehilangan keduanya. BRTT Ponsel miliknya bergetar, sebuah ponsel hitam yang baru ia beli setelah kehilangan salah satunya. Ia mengambil serangga kecil pengganggu itu dari dalam katung celananya dan menerima teleponnya. Sebelumnya tindakan antisipasi sudah ia ambil mengingat nama pemanggil yang muncul dari dalam ponsel itu—Tifa Lockhart, ia menjauhkan sedikit ponselnya agar tidak menyentuh telinganya. \" CLOUD. Kemana saja kau? Kita punya pekerjaan. Bisakah kesini sebentar untuk membantuku? \" Teriakan keras datang dari sana, cukup untuk membuat dengungan menyakitkan di telinga. \"Tentu,\" balas Cloud singkat. Cloud menutup teleponnya dan berjalan menuju motor Fenrir-nya. Ia memasang pelindung mata kemudian memacu motornya kembali ke Edge. Melalui perjalanan yang cukup panjang, melewati jalanan-jalanan berliku, terlebih lagi debu dari pinggir jalanan itu terkadang ikut meliputi perjalanan Cloud. Ia mulai memasuki Edge. Cloud sengaja mengambil rute memutar yang melewati tengah kota—mungkin sekedar melihat, dan ketika sampai disana ia memperlambat kecepatannya. Terlihat orang-orang Shin-Ra tengah membangun kembali monumen 'EDGAR' yang sempat hancur karena serangan Bahamut. Puas melihat itu Cloud berbelok di persimpangan pertama, mengambil jalan kembali menuju Seventh Heaven —bar milik Tifa. KRING Cloud berjalan memasuki bar dan dua kotak langsung terbang menuju ke arahnya. Beruntung reflek pria itu cepat sehingga ia dapat dengan mudah menghindari sekaligus menangkapnya. \"Cloud. Tolong pergi ke Red Street #309 , paket itu untuk rumah nomor 38,\" pinta Tifa. \"Akan kuantarkan nanti.\" Cloud menaruh dua paket itu di meja kemudian berjalan menuju lantai dua. \"CLOUD!\" Tifa menaruh sebelah tangannya di pinggang—kesal dengan sikap pria itu sekarang. Cloud masuk ke dalam kamar. Ia berjalan dan duduk di pinggiran ranjang. Sinar mentari dan angin sepoi masuk melewati jendela, menggeser gorden, dan menyapanya yang tengah duduk tenang. Ia mendongkakkan kepalanya dan menghela nafas, hatinya masih ingin bertemu dengan mereka, meski itu hanya bayangan—Zack dan Aerith. \"Cloud, antarkan sekarang juga! Nanti kita tidak akan dapat bayaran.\" Tifa berjalan menaiki tangga dan terdiam, melihat Cloud yang tengah termenung sendirian membuat ia ikut terdiam. \"Kau masih memikirkannya?\" sambung Tifa. \"Entahlah,\" balas Cloud singkat. \"Tapi kau tidak sendirian lagi … Cloud.\" Tifa berjalan mendekati Cloud kemudian duduk di sisi lain pinggiran ranjang—duduk membelakangi pria itu. \"Aku tahu. Hanya saja … terlalu sulit,\" kata Cloud dengan sangat berat. \"Tidak memikirkan mereka bukan berarti kita melupakan mereka. Mereka akan slalu ada dan slalu hidup dalam hati kita, Cloud.\" Tifa menggeser tangannya dan menyentuh tangan Cloud. \"Aku harus pergi.\" Cloud berdiri dan membuat tangan Tifa tidak sempat menyentuhnya lebih lama. Sementara itu di lantai bawah dua orang anak yang baru saja datang duduk bersantai menikmati musik yang mereka dengar dari radio bar. Anak laki-laki berambut ikal itu berjalan saat mendengar telepon berdering dan ia pun mengangkat telepon itu. \"Jasa Pengiriman Strife,\" ucapnya. \" Hoi ini kau Denzel? \" \"Barret?\" tanya Denzel. \" Sudah lama sekali. Sekarang aku sedang di pertambangan baru lagi. Bagaimana Marlene? \" tanya Barret. \"Dia baik-baik saja. Dia ada disini bersama denganku, Cloud, dan Tifa,\" jawab Denzel. \" Cloud. Oh ya, tolong sampaikan padanya untuk segera mengirimkan paketku ke Camp. Cid sangat memerlukan benda itu, \" sambung Barret lagi. \"Baiklah aku akan sampaikan nanti. Tunggu, kau tidak mau bicara dengan Marlene?\" kata Denzel. \" Tidak perlu. Aku akan kembali kesana tidak lama lagi. Cukup sampaikan salamku saja, bocah. \" Denzel menaruh kembali teleponnya karena telah ditutup Barret. Ia kembali duduk dan minum jus bersama Marlene hingga akhirnya Cloud turun dan ia pun berdiri kembali—berjalan menghampiri pria itu. \"Cloud, Barret bilang untuk segera mengantarkan paketnya ke Camp Cid,\" kata Denzel. \"Baiklah,\" balas Cloud singkat. \"Tunggu Cloud. Aku … Aku ikut,\" pinta Denzel dan membuat Cloud berbalik serta tersenyum. \"Tentu saja,\" jawab Cloud. Denzel membantu mengangkat paket-paket yang harus mereka antar ke motor Fenrir milik Cloud. Sementara Cloud hanya duduk mematung di motornya. Pikirannya mulai melayang entah kemana saat melihat awan-awan di atas langit Edge. Denzel yang sudah menyelesaikan tugasnya memandang Cloud dengan tatapan bingung—mencoba menerka apa yang sedang pria itu pikirkan. \" Cloud. Kau makan banyak sekali …\" Aerith menatapnya sambil menggeleng. \" Aku kelaparan,\" balas Cloud dengan polosnya. Saat itu mereka semua masih muda terlampau beberapa tahun dari sekarang, Cloud sendiri pun masih mengenakan baju SOLDIER lamanya. Aerith mengomel pada Cloud yang makan banyak sekali sehabis pulang dari asrama, itu dikarenakan anak itu tidak pernah mendapat makanan seenak ini disana. Terlihat seseorang berambut hitam panjang datang masuk ke ruangan itu sambil menenteng sebuah pedang besar, ia sontak memasang wajah speechless saat melihat pemandangan apa yang tengah ditemuinya saat memasuki rumah itu. \" Oi, kau yakin mau menghabiskan semua itu?\" ucapnya pada Cloud yang disuguhi makanan mewah semeja penuh. \" Zhack … khau mmnlang jhuga?\" ucap Cloud sambil terus mengunyah makanannya. \" Ya ampun. Kunyah, telan, baru bicara Cloud. Kau seperti anak kecil,\" ucap pria yang dipanggil Zack itu. \" Duduklah, aku juga punya makanan favoritmu,\" kata Aerith dengan lembut dan membuat Zack tersenyum. Zack menaruh pedangnya lalu berjalan menuju meja makan. Mereka bertiga bercendikia sama seperti sebelumnya jika ketiganya berkumpul dalam satu meja makan. Memang jarang sekali Shin-Ra Company memberikan izin cuti untuk para prajurit seperti mereka, itu dikarenakan sekarang sedang terjadi masalah internal di dalam dewan Shin-Ra sendiri. Waktu-waktu seperti ini yang slalu dinantikan oleh Cloud, saat ia bisa berkumpul bersama Aerith dan Zack. \" Makanan tentara tidak ada yang enak,\" gerutu Cloud. \" Memangnya apalagi yang harus kita makan? Kalau makanmu pilih-pilih, kau tidak akan jadi kuat.\" Zack merangkul leher anak itu sambil menggosok kepalanya. \" Lalu berapa lama kalian akan ada disini?\" tanya Aerith. \" Selama mungkin,\" balas Cloud spontan dan membuat tawa Zack akhirnya lepas juga. \" Kau ini. Kita hanya diberi cuti selama satu minggu bodoh. Kau mau disini terus?\" jawab Zack. \" Kau sendiri sebenarnya mau disini terus bersama Aerith … 'kan?\" terka Cloud—membuat Zack langsung salah tingkah dan Aerith tertawa kecil. \" Sudah, sudah. Habiskan makananmu, Cloud!\" kata Aerith dengan lembut. \" Baiklah, bu.\" \" Sudah, berhenti memanggilku begitu.\" \" Hahaha …\" \"Cloud …\" Denzel mengguncang tubuh pria itu berkali-kali dan hingga ia akhirnya tersadar dari lamunannya. \"A-Ah?\" jawab Cloud dengan gelagapan. \"Kita harus pergi!\" lanjut Denzel. \"Tentu.\" Cloud menaiki motornya bersama dengan Denzel dan mereka pun meluncur pergi. Dalam perjalanan pikiran Cloud pun masih melayang entah kemana. Masa lalu memang begitu indah dan waktu memang berlangsung sangat cepat. Kesedihan kembali merayapi hatinya sedikit demi sedikit. Ia sangat merindukan keduanya—Zack dan Aerith. Meski sekarang ia sudah menjalani kehidupan baru dan bahagia bersama teman mereka yang lain tapi selalu ada tempat untuk Zack dan Aerith di hatinya—satu tempat spesial. \"Ne- Cloud … kenapa berhenti disini?\" tanya Denzel. \"Tifa bilang dua paket yang ini untuk rumah nomor 38 di Red Street #309 . Kalau tidak salah kurasa ini tempatnya,\" jawab Cloud singkat dan Denzel hanya mengangguk tanda mengerti. PING Cloud membunyikan bel rumah dan menunggu bersama Denzel yang membawa paketnya. Terdengar suara cukup gaduh di dalam tanda pemilik rumah mencoba bergegas membuka pintu. Tak berapa lama seorang wanita berambut pendek membuka pintunya dan bertukar pandang dengan Cloud dan Denzel. \"Ahhh, Cloud. Ya ampun, kau lama sekali,\" ucapnya. \"Yuffie?\" balas Cloud. \"Memangnya menurutmu siapa lagi. Aku tidak bisa kembali sekarang, jadi aku memutuskan untuk tinggal di Edge sementara waktu,\" terang Yuffie. \"Ini.\" Denzel menyodorkan kotak-kotak itu pada Yuffie. \"Terimakasih. Ne- Kau mau mampir sebentar untuk makanan ringan?\" ajak Yuffie namun Cloud hanya menggeleng. \"Aku harus ke Camp -nya Cid. Barret mengirimkan sesuatu yang kelihatannya sangat ia perlukan,\" jawab Cloud. \"Baiklah. Terima kasih, Cloud.\" Yuffie menutup pintu rumah itu setelah menandatangani tanda terimanya, sementara Cloud dan Denzel kembali melanjutkan perjalanan. Cloud berkendara dalam keheningan. Itu karena memang tidak ada topik yang ingin ia bahas bersama Denzel, begitupula sebaliknya. Denzel lebih terlihat menikmati perjalan ini ketimbang bicara banyak, ia juga tahu kalau mungkin perasaan Cloud sekarang tidak tepat untuk di ajak bicara sehingga ia sendiri pun memilih diam. Tak berapa lama menempuh perjalanan mereka pun tiba di Camp Cid. Terlihat pria itu tengah menggigit tusuk gigi sambil memoles sepotong besi aneh dengan gergaji mesin kecil—membuat percikan-percikan besi jingga bertebaran. Melihat kedatangan Cloud dan Denzel, Cid pun menghentikan aktifitasnya lalu menurunkan pelindung mata miliknya. \"Kau ini selalu saja terlambat, Cloud.\" Cid berkacak pinggang melihat Cloud dan Denzel yang berjalan ke arahnya. \"Apa yang tengah kau kerjakan?\" tanya Cloud. \"Jarang kau penasaran dengan pekerjaanku. Sedikit modifikasi lagi untuk Sierra milikku,\" jawab Cid dan Cloud hanya berdehem kecil. \"Kau tahu Cloud, mereka membangun kembali Midgar. Kelihatannya Shin-Ra yang mendanai sebagian besar konstruksi disana,\" ucap Cid sambil menandatangani tanda terima yang disodorkan Cloud. \"Begitukah?\" jawab Cloud singkat. \"Artinya rumah itu juga akan diperbaiki kembali. Harusnya kau turut senang dengan adanya pembangunan ini, bodoh.\" Cid mengembalikan tanda terima itu pada Cloud. \"Entahlah,\" balas Cloud singkat dan ia pun berjalan kembali ke motornya. \"Cloud …\" panggil Cid, membuat pria pirang itu terhenti dan berbalik kembali menatapnya. \"Cobalah untuk tidak melamun di jalan. Maaf saja, aku tidak mengkhawatirkan kau menabrak sesuatu tetapi aku khawatir anak itu ikut jatuh bersamamu,\" lanjut Cid dan Cloud mengangguk kecil. Mereka melanjutkan perjalanan kembali ke Edge, namun kali ini Denzel tidak bisa menahan perasaannya untuk bertanya apa yang sedang Cloud pikirkan. Terpikir untuk bertanya tapi ia takut kalau itu hanya mengusik Cloud. Ia pun ragu dan memilih diam, terus diam hingga mereka memasuki Edge kembali. Tapi pada akhirnya ia pun tak sanggup lagi melawan rasa penasaran yang menjalari dirinya. \"Cloud … apa kau sedang … memikirkan sesuatu?\" tanya Denzel. Lama Cloud mediamkannya membuat Denzel merasa menyesal telah bertanya, tapi kemudian Cloud menjawab, \"ada seseorang yang kurindukan. Mereka yang selalu kupikirkan.\" \"Begitukah,\" ucap Denzel. Mereka tiba lagi di Seventh Heaven . Cloud memasuki bar itu diikuti dengan Denzel. Denzel beralih menuju Marlene sementara Cloud naik ke lantai dua, melewati Tifa yang tengah memberikan tatapan aneh padanya. Cloud mengacuhkan Tifa dan membuat gadis itu menghela nafas panjang sambil memegangi kepalanya sementara sebelah tangannya berada di pinggang. Tifa pun berjalan menyusul Cloud yang ada di lantai dua. Ia melihat Cloud tengah duduk melamun di pinggiran ranjang, sama seperti sebelumnya. Ponsel pria itu bergetar dan Cloud pun mengangkatnya—panggilan dari Cid Highwind. \" Oi bodoh, apa-apaan ini? Kenapa kotak yang kau bawa penuh dengan pakaian dalam wanita. Cloud— \" Cloud langsung menutup telepon miliknya dan ia pun menyadari apa maksud pandangan Tifa tadi. Kemungkinan besar salah satu kotak barang milik Yuffie tertukar dengan kotak milik Cid. Entah apa yang harus ia katakan sekarang pada gadis berambut hitam panjang itu. Mungkin permintaan maaf—tentu saja selalu permintaan maaf. \"Kau benar-benar tidak fokus,\" ucap Tifa. \"Maaf,\" ucap Cloud singkat pada Tifa yang berjalan ke arahnya dan duduk di sisi lain pinggiran ranjang, membelakanginya sama seperti sebelumnya. \"Apa yang sedang kau pikirkan, Cloud?\" tanya Tifa namun untuk beberapa lama tak ada satupun jawaban yang ia dapat. \"Kau memikirkan mereka?\" tanya Tifa lagi dan Cloud meremas kecil sprei ranjang. Menyadari respon Cloud, Tifa berasumsi bahwa pernyataannya benar. \"Ini semua salahku,\" ucap Cloud datar. \"Berhenti menyalahkan dirimu sendiri! Hidup dalam dunia dimana tidak ada mereka di dalamnya bukan berarti kau tidak bisa menghirup udara lagi,\" omel Tifa. \"Terkadang … aku pun merindukan mereka, Cloud.\" Gadis itu mendesis kecil menyatakan perasaan yang sama. \"Aku tidak bisa melindungi siapapun.\" \"KAU BISA.\" Tifa tak tahan lagi mendengar suara Cloud seolah merintih kesakitan di depannya. Ia naik ke atas ranjang dan memeluk Cloud dari belakang, menyenderkan kepala pria itu dalam pelukan dadanya. Seolah tidak ingin kehilangannya lagi ia memeluknya sangat erat, seolah ini hanya terjadi sekali—benar, ini pertama kalinya Cloud diam dalam pelukannya. \"Kau bisa. Kau mengalahkan raksasa itu dan melindungi kami. Kau mengalahkan Sephiroth lagi dan melindungi kami. Itu semua berkatmu Denzel bisa sembuh. Berhenti memikirkan hal yang tidak perlu, Cloud.\" Tifa mengeratkan lagi pelukannya. \"Aku tidak bisa.\" Cloud menyentuh tangan Tifa namun gadis itu enggan untuk melepasnya. \"Apa karena kau bukan SOLDIER sehingga kau selalu mencoba lari dariku?\" ucap Tifa, menaikkan sedikit nada bicaranya dan tangan Cloud pun turun melepas sentuhannya hingga pelukan Tifa pun melemah. \"Kupikir Zack hanya ingin menyenangkanku, membiarkanku memakai pakaian SOLDIER dan menjadi anggota sementara tentara Shin-Ra. Tapi dia bertarung bersamaku seolah aku benar-benar bagian dari hal itu. Aku bukanlah anggota tentara yang sebenarnya, aku tidak pantas bersama denganmu,\" ucap Cloud. \"Kau menyukaiku atau tidak?\" Kata-kata Tifa yang benar-benar mengena di hati pria itu membuatnya terdiam seribu bahasa. Angin dan sinar senja datang menyapa memasuki jendela itu, menghampiri mereka yang masih diam dalam posisi yang sama. Cloud bukanlah seorang SOLDIER atau lebih tepatnya gagal menjadi seorang SOLDIER dan itu menghalangi ungkapan perasaannya, suatu kenyataan bahwa ia sangat menyukai gadis itu—Tifa Lockhart. \"Kau tidak sendirian lagi. Ada orang yang ingin bahagia bersamamu, yang merintih sakit sendiri tanpamu, tapi kau selalu lari darinya,\" ucap Tifa. \"Maafkan aku, Tifa … sejujurnya aku malu, menghadapimu dengan keadaanku yang seperti ini,\" ungkap Cloud pelan—masih dalam pelukan Tifa. \"SOLDIER atau bukan, kau adalah kau. Dan aku akan tetap menyukaimu yang seperti ini, Cloud.\" Tifa melepas pelukannya dan bertukar senyuman dengan pria itu. \"Terima kasih … Tifa,\" ucap Cloud pelan sambil tersenyum tipis. \"Jangan berisik …\" bisik Marlene pada Denzel. \"Kalian berdua, keluarlah!\" Cloud tersenyum pada kedua anak yang sedari tadi mengintipnya itu. \"K-Kalian?\" Wajah Tifa sedikit merona, ternyata Marlene dan Denzel sedari tadi mengintip pembicaraan mereka. \"M-Maaf Cloud, kami mengkhawatirkanmu,\" kata Marlene pada pria pirang itu dan dia hanya tersenyum tipis. \"Aku tidak apa-apa.\" Cloud memegang puncak kepala Marlene dan menggosok pelan kepala gadis kecil itu. Cloud tersenyum tulus. Ia telah mempelajari sesuatu bahwa tidak memikirkan mereka bukan berarti melupakannya, Zack dan Aerith memang selalu memiliki tempat yang spesial di hatinya. Cloud menyadari meskipun ia bersedih, ia tak sendirian—berdiri tanpa mereka. Selalu ada Denzel, Marlene, dan juga Tifa yang menemani lembaran-lembaran hidupnya. Juga teman-temannya yang lain di luar sana. Jauh di luar jendela, bayangan Zack dan Aerith mulai redup. Keduanya tersenyum ke arah Cloud yang berada dalam rumah itu kemudian menghilang bersama angin dan sinar senja yang indah. ::THE END:: A/N: Mohon maaf banget buat peminat FFVII baik Game atau Movie-nya. Jujur sebenernya cerita ini agak aneh soalnya Gyu ngga tahu pasti masa lalu Cloud. Sempat bingung ada Scene kalau Cloud makai baju SOLDIER, cuman sedikit di jelaskan di pertarungan terakhir Advent Children kalau Cloud bukan anggota SOLDIER. Jadi (karena ngga pernah juga main gamenya—cuman nonton Movienya) latar belakang masa lalunya disini Gyu bikin berdasarkan imajinasi doank, maaf banget ya kalau rada aneh. Makasih udah mampir ke fic sederhana ini. Kalau berbaik hati, tinggalkan review kalian yaw :D ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Just a Daydream Warn: CANON/OOC/Misstyp"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"I'm so sorry","Author":"The cold Valentine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11198028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm so sorry Chapter 1 As Vincent sat in a darkened room in Kalm he tried to ignore the noises of people talking and laughing, children shouting and playing and the same sound of traffic passing through the town coming, from outside his window. He closed his eyes, eyes that lead straight to his soul full of pain, torture, sorrow, loneliness and regret. As his eyes were closed the sounds from outside started to fade away and then fell silent, Vincent was lost in thought a thought in complete silence and darkness. Suddenly he was snapped out of his silent solitude by a disembodied voice he heard, a voice he recognised, a voice of a woman, a voice full of sadness \"I'm so sorry\". \"Why?\" Vincent thought to himself \"I'm the one who should apologize.\" Vincent's face was emotionless; he would never allow anyone close enough to see or understand his emotions no one accept her.[Chapter 2] The Beginning Chapter 2 As Vincent stood facing her, he could tell she was a bit nervous and uncomfortable, he watched as she looked at the dark dusty floor and kept fidgeting with her lab coat. She noticed his gaze upon her and immediately placed her hands behind her back. Vincent broke the awkward silence and introduced himself, \"Vincent Valentine reporting for duty, ma'am. I have been assigned your protection\". Vincent noticed the woman gasp and her expression changed to a look of shock and she gasped in worry, \"No... why would they send his...,Vincent was confused what was she talking about? he wondered Vincent said excuse me? with a questioning look on his face. The woman looked at Vincent and apologized. This is the first time I have ever met anyone from the Turks. Lucrecia Crescent. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr. Valentine. A small smile appeared on her face. A few months past of being assigned to protect Lucrecia, Vincent noticed that she had become more relaxed around him she was talking more and grew less nervous each day; and he had noticed that he had recently become relaxed when being In her presence. He also noticed he himself admired everything about Lucrecia more than usual, there was something about her; he enjoyed her company, her kindness, her beauty, her determination and those emerald green eyes, her eyes were beautiful to Vincent but he also saw sadness within them. Vincent knew there was something Lucrecia was keeping from him; he knew from the sobs he could hear coming from her room at night and cries from her nightmares as he would often find her in a cold sweat and she would be shaking with fear he would try and comfort her but she only pushed him away. Most mornings Vincent could see that Lucrecia was drained from all the hard work and lack of sleep, he would try and ask what was bothering her but Lucrecia would look at him with a small faint smile and say \"it's nothing\" and he would watch her make her way to her lab, yet he knew she was lying to him. One afternoon Vincent was on his break and he found himself wondering the grounds of Shinra Mansion when he ended up on top of a small hill sitting under a tree surrounded by wild flowers, singing birds and sounds of wildlife filled the air. As Vincent looked straight he could clearly see the dark old mansion ahead and the tall rusty metal gates that imprisoned it, Vincent disliked the mansion it was cold, dusty, mouldy and a number of floor boards were rotten but yet he disliked Hojo more. Hojo cared for nothing but his work and experiments, he was rude, had a short temper, and he spoke down at Vincent and called him \"boy\" often but Vincent hated the way Hojo spoke and treated Lucrecia. Hojo treated her as if she was nothing but a possession a thing he would talk down at her as if she was a piece of dirt, take his frustration out on her if something didn't go to plan with his experiments, and the way he looked at her with those cold grey eyes of his. Hojo enjoyed controlling Lucrecia and knocking whatever confidence she had for herself and her work. Vincent shook those thoughts from his head and concentrated on the peacefulness that surrounded him. Vincent was feeling relaxed and felt the cool breeze through his hair and before he knew it his eyes started to close. As Vincent was asleep he was sure he could hear his name being called; Vincent...Vincent... as he opened his eyes slightly he saw Lucrecia, \"fall asleep here, and you might catch a cold\" she said with a smile on her face. Lucrecia, Vincent sat up quickly, shocked that she caught him off guard. Lucrecia smiled \"Why are you so surprised? Is my face that hideous\"? No. I didn't... I'm sorry. Vincent replied as he looked at the woman in front of him. And how are you supposed to be my bodyguard if you're up here sleeping? Lucrecia teased. The warm breeze... I was only going to rest my eyes for a minute. Lucrecia looked at Vincent and replied \"Well, I have to admit, the breeze is quite comfortable.\" Lucrecia kneeled down beside Vincent and they talked for what it seemed like 10 minutes turned out to be 1hour, Lucrecia knew she was late for her shift and that Hojo wouldn't be pleased but she felt happy and comfortable being with Vincent. As both Vincent and Lucrecia stood up and made their way back to the mansion, Vincent mentioned something to Lucrecia about a place he visited and the beauty of the views there. Lucrecia could only imagine the place Vincent spoke about, as she was lost in her imagination she said without thinking \"I've never been outside these gates\" as Vincent stopped dead in his tracks and looked at Lucrecia with his crimson eyes and asked her with both concern and confusion \"you've never been outside these gates?\" Lucrecia realised what she had said and started to panic, she started to back away from Vincent looking afraid, tears started to show in her eyes. Vincent firmly caught her by her wrist and pulled her to face him, her body was shaking, her eyes never left the ground yet her tears fell like a waterfall she stood frozen just in front of Vincent. Vincent wrapped his arm around her holding her safely and protectively and the other lifted her chin, as crimson eyes met with watery green ones, Vincent said calmly hiding his confusion and worry and not wanting her to push him away \"if you need to tell me something, I'm here for you, you can trust me\" As she silently cried in Vincent's arms, the thought of what Hojo would do to her crossed her mind and it terrified her. She pushed Vincent away, not looking at him she begged him \"please just forget it\" and ran back towards the mansion. She ran back to the place where her home was her prison and her prison was her home. ","Summary":" I'm so sorry Chapter 1 As Vincent sat in a darkened room in Kalm he tried to ignore the noises of p"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Promise Me Marry Me","Author":"harpiegal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10773249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Promise Me (A Cloud Strife One Shot) Cloud's POV : After a long day of making deliveries, I decided to retire to Aerith's church for some much needed sleep. As soon as I opened the church doors, I noticed an unconscious form laying in the flowers. I got closer to see it was a girl around my age, her face very pale. I felt her forehead to find it was very warm, and I knew she must've passed out because she was sick. I knew I couldn't just leave her here, so I decided I was going to take her to Tifa so she could get some help. Fast Forward Tifa made room for the girl upstairs on her bed, and I laid her down on it. Her black hair brushed slightly against my face, and I noticed it smelt like vanilla. It made me smile slightly, but it disappeared as Tifa entered the room. \"Here are some of my clothes she can change into. If she wakes up, Cloud, let me know. I have to finish closing the bar downstairs.\" \"Sure.\" After Tifa left, the girl started moving around. Her eyes later opened and I saw they were the most beautiful shade of green I ever saw. Olivia's POV : I opened my eyes to see I was lying in a comfortable bed. 'This isn't the church. Where have I been taken to?' I looked to see a man my age sitting on a chair beside the bed I was on. His spiky blonde hair seemed to defy the laws of gravity, and it made me want to reach out and run my fingers thought it. I sat up and the bed made noise, causing him to look in my direction. \"I see you're awake.\" \"Looks like it. Where am I?\" \"In a bar called 7th Heaven. I found you in the abandoned church here in town, so I brought you here. You're sick, so my friend is letting you stay in her room.\" I nodded, but it hurt to do so, so I laid my head down on the pillow again. \"My head hurts.\" \"That's what you get for being out when you're clearly not well.\" I stuck my tongue out at him and looked away. The door opened, and a girl with dark hair and an outfit of black walked in with a bowl of chicken noodle soup. \"Good, you're awake. Hopefully this soup will help you feel better. I'm Tifa, and I'll be downstairs if you need anything.\" I nodded and she left the room, the man following after. \"Wait.\" He stopped and looked at me, and I smiled. \"Who do I have to thank for helping me?\" \"Cloud.\" \"I'm Olivia. I owe you big time for helping me. Anything you need, let me know, and I'll see that you get what you deserve.\" \"I don't want anything from you.\" He left without another word, and I felt a sudden pain hit my heart. His words hurt me, but I knew there was something else bothering him that caused him to say those words. Over the last week or so, my sickness was gone and I felt as good as new. Cloud's words wouldn't leave my head, and I doubt they ever would. I walked downstairs to see Tifa with a plate of pancakes. \"Here's some food before you head out.\" \"Thanks again for your help, Tifa. I hope I wasn't a burden or anything.\" \"Oh, not at all. Cloud didn't seem to mind having you around, either.\" \"He said he doesn't want anything from me, Tifa. I'm burdening him, I know it.\" \"Olivia, if that were the case, he wouldn't have gone through all this trouble to see to it that you got better.\" I sighed and dug into my pancakes. After I finished, I decided to head over the church to say goodbye to Cloud. I entered to see him kneeling in the group of flowers. He looked up at me, then looked away. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I came to say goodbye to you. I'm better now, so there's no reason to stay any longer. I don't want to burden you anymore. I can see there's no room in your heart to allow me in it, so I don't want to make things hard for you. I thank you for helping me, though.\" I began to walk away, but he stood up and grabbed my arm softly. \"When I said I don't want anything from you, I meant it.\" \"Good to know, Cloud. I-\" \"Let me finish, Olivia. I don't want anything from you, but I do need something from you.\" \"I don't get it. What do you mean?\" \"I...need you to promise me something.\" I could tell it was hard for him to say these words, so I smiled at him. He relaxed a little bit and put both arms around me. \"Promise me no matter how much I may act like I don't care, be there for me anyway. I push people away because I'm scared if I get too close, I'll end up losing them.\" \"So, you...want me to stay?\" \"I do. Will you?\" I put my hands on his face and smiled up at him. He smiled back, and it was a sight that I wouldn't mind seeing again. \"Of course, I'll stay, Cloud. I've grown quite attached to this place. I can't bear to leave it now.\" I leaned up and kissed him gently, and he responded eagerly. We both felt a connection when we first met, and we knew we found what the other was looking for. We only have known each other for a week, but we didn't care. All Cloud knew was that he wasn't alone anymore, and neither was I. And this was all because of a promise. Well, that's a wrap for this oneshot. There's a sequel to this called Marry Me, and I hope you like it[Chapter 2] Marry Me (Sequel to Promise Me) Quite some time passed after Cloud and I had gotten together. It seems like only yesterday he found me and helped nursed me back to health. Cloud's friends all commented on how I changed him, but I didn't think he needed changing at all. He just wanted to believe in something, someone to care for. One afternoon, I was kneeling beside the flowers in Aerith's church as Cloud softly approached me. He sat down behind me and pulled me into his lap. \"I thought I'd find you here.\" I giggled slightly and leaned back so that my head was on his chest. \"You were busy with making deliveries, so I decided to find something to do to keep myself busy.\" \"Well, my deliveries for the day have been made, so I have the rest of the day to spend with you.\" I blushed as his words touched me. I never knew he could be this romantic and loving, but all it took was some time. \"What exactly did you have in mind, Cloud?\" \"Maybe go for a walk or something. It's too nice of a day to be cooped up inside.\" \"I agree. Let's go to the park that just opened.\" \"Sure thing.\" After arriving at the park, we sat down on a bench and watched the children play on the playground equipment. On occasion they would stop and wave at us, and we would be persuaded to play with them. With Cloud around, the lives of those children never had a dull moment. \"Olivia, I've been meaning to talk to you about something. It's...it's been bugging me for a while now, and I want to get it off my chest.\" \"Sure, Cloud. What is it?\" We walked behind an apple tree and he took both of my hands in his. He leaned forward so that his forehead touched mine, and the blush on my face returned. \"I never knew that the day I found you would have changed my life so much. That one week completely changed me, Olivia, and I have you to thank for it. For all that you've done for me, I wanted to thank you in a way that you'll remember.\" I looked at Cloud confused, but the look turned to surprise as he got down on one knee in front of me. Cloud's POV : As I got down on one knee, the look on Olivia's face turned to surprise. What I was about to do now would change both of our live forever, and that there was no turning back once it was out in the open. \"Olivia, you and your love have changed me into a new man. I used to be cold, distant, and push away anyone that tried to get close to me. You helped me realize that Aerith and Zack's deaths weren't my fault, and that they never blamed me for what had happened to them.\" Tears fell down her face as I presented her with a gold ring on top of which was a beautiful diamond. I smiled and took her other hand in mine. \"Olivia, will you do me the honor of marrying me and becoming Mrs. Strife?\" As I put the ring on her finger, she didn't speak for a while. Any other person would have been worried, but I knew she was just letting it sink in. After all, it's not every day a woman gets proposed to. \"Oh, Cloud, of course I will.\" I picked her up and spun her around. Silent tears fell down her face, and I knew they were of happiness. Months later, a great ceremony was held in Aerith's newly remodeled church. Everyone in Midgar had decided to attend. I was waiting at the altar beside Tifa, who was going to be marrying me and Olivia. Cid was my best man, Yuffie was Olivia's maid of honor, and Marlene and Denzel were the flower girl and ring bearer. As Olivia walked down the flower-covered aisle, I felt my eyes get teary as I saw how beautiful she looked. Tifa smiled at me and giggled. \"She does look beautiful, Cloud. I'm glad you found someone that makes you so happy.\" \"Thanks, Tifa.\" As Olivia stood beside me, we held each other's hands as Marlene held her bouquet of flowers. We had decided to say our own vows, and I spoke first. \"Who knew that we would be standing here today surrounded by so many friends and loved ones? I never imagined this could happen to someone like me, especially after all I've been through. You changed me for the better, Olivia, and I'm glad to have found someone like you.\" Tears fell down her face as I said those words, then she spoke up next. \"I never imagined it happening to me either, Cloud. When we first met, I wasn't sure what to think of you. You were distant and not very warm. That week I stayed in 7th Heaven while I was sick made me realize you needed someone to just care for you and be there whenever you needed them, so I made it a goal of mine to be that person. When you proposed to me, I knew I had found the right person to give it to me.\" After we gave each other our rings, Tifa looked to the crowd with a smile on her face. \"As I stand here before you all today, I now present these fine people to be man and wife. Cloud, you may kiss your bride.\" I lifted Olivia's veil and smiled. As we kissed in front of all of the people of Midgar, I couldn't help but think of everything we went through to get to this point. There had been many riots, wars, and arguments between myself and Olivia, but we got through them together. As we broke apart, Tifa said the words that I knew would change my life forever. \"People of Midgar, I present to you Mr. and Mrs. Cloud Strife.\" As we walked out of the church, many smiled and congratulated us. We got onto Fenrir and rode to our new home. It was a 3bedroom, 2 bathroom house with a spacious living room, kitchen, and balconies in each bedroom. The master bedroom had a huge walk-in closet for our clothes and weapons, and the master bathroom had a deep, jacuzzi style tub that was perfect for two people. I looked to my new wife and smiled. \"What do you say we try out our new jacuzzi, Mrs. Strife?\" She smirked and kissed the tip of my nose. \"I'd be delighted to, Mr. Strife.\" As we spent our first night together as a married couple, I kept thinking of how I ended up being so lucky as to have found someone like Olivia. I had no idea anything like this would ever happen to someone like me, and it looks like Olivia changed that for me. I'm glad I met her, and I wouldn't trade it for anything. That's it for this chapter. Hope you liked it. :) ","Summary":" Promise Me (A Cloud Strife One Shot) Cloud's POV : After a long day of making deliveries, I decided"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Final Fantasy 7","Author":"Mrs.Youko Kurama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9985415","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was in the middle of the day and three motorcycle-like vehicles rolled up to the top of a low cliff. The guys riding them had similar features, silver hair, green eyes, and pale-ish skin. The middle one kicked over a sword that was by his foot. \"Hey, Kadaj.\" the one on the right said. \"Is that where big brother lives?\" the guy had long silver hair that fell to the top of his rib cage. \"Yeah.\" the one names Kadaj answered. Kadaj had silver hair like the other two except his barely brushed his shoulders. \"Do you think he'll be happy to see us?\" the one with the long hair asked. \"Not a chance.\" Kadaj laughed. \"Don't cry Yazoo.\" the one on the left sneered. \"I'm t \"But, \"Mother's\" with him.\" the one called Yazoo said sadly. \"Maybe not.\" Kadaj said. \"Don't cry Loz.\" the one named Yazoo said in his own voice, which was softer and smoother than Loz's. \"Look, here he comes.\" Kadaj told the other two when he saw a charcoal black bike like theirs come roaring through the canyon. Loz and Yazoo looked at Kadaj and he nodded. Both brothers took after the black bike. \"Raven, could you please hurry up with that pain-killer?\" Tifa Lockhart called from the bedroom. \"Jesus Christ I'm coming. God!\" Raven Graylock screamed from the hallway. When Raven entered the room she ran over to a small boy with dark brown hair and fair skin laying in the bed. \"Denzel, Denzel wake up honey.\" she whispered. \"Raven?\" he asked. \"Yeah, I brought you a pain-killer.\" she told him gently. Denzel sat up and took the small purple pill from her. \"Tifa, can you please go check on Marlene?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" Tifa said and she walked out of the room her jet black hair swaying behind her in a back and forth motion. \"I'm tiered Raven, can I go to sleep?\" he asked. \"Of course.\" she gently hugged him and left the room. Later, after about and hour or two Raven heard the sound of a bike in the street. Tifa had taken Marlene and Denzel to the church so she was there alone. She looked out the window and saw a black bike parked right outside the door. At first she thought it was Cloud, but realized that Cloud was tied up in on the back. Raven immediately grabbed the sheath that held her knife and slipped it under her belt just as there was a knock on the door. She opened it and there stood Cloud with Kadaj right behind him. \"Kadaj, what do you want?\" she asked harshly. \"To come in maybe?\" Kadaj said pushing his way past. \"Let Cloud go before I...\" \"That is no way to treat a guest Raven.\" he said unsheathing his double bladed sword and setting it next to him as he sat down in a chair. She rolled her eyes, made them really big and sweet looking, then spoke, \" What can I get you, tea, water, a bullet in the head?\" she asked in her sweetest yet most sarcastic voice. \"How about Cloud get's it if you make one more sarcastic remark.\" he told her placing his sword on Cloud's throat. \"Ok,ok I'm sorry!\" she said quickly. The whole time Cloud hadn't said a word. \"Kadaj, give it a rest.\" Cloud told him sounding annoyed \"Shut up Cloud!\" Kadaj told him. \"As I asked earlier Kadaj, what do you want?\" Raven asked getting annoyed. Kadaj crossed the room and stood on front of Raven, his face only inches from hers. His emerald green eyes bore into her deep hazel ones. Raven looked down feeling intimidated. He placed his fingers under her chin and lifted her head so he could see her face. \"What I want, Raven.\" he said as he brushed a stray piece of hair out of her eyes. \"Is \"Mother\". \" \"Well I know where she is so you can get out.\" she told him firmly. \"I think you'll remember soon enough.\" he told her as he left. After he was gone Raven untied Cloud and hugged him. \"Cloud, where have you been, all of us have missed you.\" she asked taking a step back. \"I had to take care of something's, but I'm back now.\" he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. She nuzzled her head into his chest, closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and exhaled. He smelled of dust, leather and something else, something metallic and sort of coppery. She stepped back, and looked at him. \"Cloud, I smell the faintest hint of blood.\" she told him nervously. He looked up at the side of his head then back at her. She moved a strand of his jagged blonde hair and saw a fairly good sized spot on his head. \"If it's that small, how did I..\" she started but noticed a dark patch on his shoulder. She moved the fabric and stepped back in alarm at what she saw.[Chapter 2] The wound was fairly large, almost the size of her palm to be exact, and it was bleeding a LOT. \"Cloud, what happened?\" she asked. \"Yazoo happened.\" he told her. \"Ooooo, ouch.\" she replied. \"I'll call Tifa, to tell her you're here, she needs to come home with the kids anyway. She picked up her phone and dialed Tifa's number. She got her voice mail. \"Hi, this is Tifa, sorry I can't come to the phone right now please leave a message.\" \"Hey, Tifa. It's Raven. You've been gone for a while so I think it's time for you guys to come back.\" \"Well?\" Cloud asked. \"She didn't answer, I'm calling Vincent.\" Vincent Valentine was a close friend of theirs so whenever something went wrong he was closely updated. She dialed and Vincent picked up on the first ring. \"This is Vincent.\" \"Tifa and the kids went to the old church and haven't been back for a while.\" she told him. \"Raven, good to know you're alive.\" he said sarcastically. \"Good to hear you to.\" \"I'll head to the church.\" \"Good, I'll meet you there.\" \"Bye\" he said quickly as he hung up. \"Come on I'll fix up those wounds.\" After wiping down the wounds with a warm rag and bandaging it, both of them went outside and got on Cloud's motorcycle. Raven wrapped her arms around his waist and hey tore off down the road toward the old church. They reached the church in3 minutes tops, Vincent was waiting by the door. \"I'm not liking what I hear in there.\" Vincent said. Raven pressed her ear against the door of the church then stepped back. \"I don't hear anything Vincent.\" she told him. \"Exactly.\" he told her. \"I'm going in there.\" she told them. \"Ray, I don't think that's a good idea.\" Vincent told her. \"I agree with Vincent.\" Cloud said. \"Ok, Cloud, shut up, and Vincent I have two things to say to you.\" \"1, don't call me \"Ray\", and 2, I'll go where I please, when I please, Vinnie.\" Raven walked into the church and felt something hard hit her on the back of the head. She fell to the wooden floor with a thud. \"AH. FRICK!\" she yelled as she propped herself up on her elbow and looked behind her. Yazoo stood there holding his gun. \"Damn it Yazoo, that hurt.\" she said annoyed. She rubbed the back of her head as she sat up. By then Vincent and Cloud came in to see what the noise was about. Kadaj, and Denzel emerged from the shadows. Kadaj walked over to Raven and pulled her to her feet. \"Having fun, \"Ray?\" Kadaj said using her pet name to annoy her. Raven moved so fast all anyone saw was a flash of black and next thing they knew there was a red handprint on the side of Kadaj's face. \"Having fun, \"Daj\"?\" she asked using his pet name. \"You can't do that!\" he said in awe that she actually retaliated. \"Yes I can.\" she said. \"Can't.\" \"I said I can!\" she yelled. \"Sephiroth's behind you.\" he said smoothly. She turned around and drew her knife. Realizing he was messing with her she sheathed her knife and whipped around to face Kadaj. \"I hate you!\" she screeched. \"You know what, I don't care what you think, I don't care what any of you think I...\" she never finished because in one smooth motion Kadaj wrapped his arm around her waist, pulled her close and kissed her. Kadaj wrapped his other arm around her waist and pulled her closer. Raven wrapped her arms around Kadaj's neck. They stayed that way for at least two minutes. When Kadaj pulled away, he and Raven just looked into each others eyes. Kadaj ran his hand under her chin just to annoy everyone else. \"Can I ask, why you did that?\" she said. \"To shut you up, and to see what it's like to kiss someone.\" Kadaj said keeping his arms around her waist. \"Uh huh. So, I just have one question.\" raven told him. \"And it is?\" \"Why, the hell are we all here?\" she asked. \"We need \"Mother\" and you, and Cloud are the only ones who know where she is.\" Kadaj said. \"Kadaj, I told you earlier, we have no idea where she is.\" Raven told him getting frustrated. \"Raven, that's not entirely true. Kadaj, what you're looking for is in that chest over there.\" Cloud told him nodding his head toward a pillar in the corner. \"Yazoo, Loz take them outside and proceed with plan \"A\".\" Kadaj told them. The line outside went something like this, Loz, Cloud, Tifa, Marlene, Denzel, Vincent, Raven, and then Yazoo. Before Raven could step outside Yazoo grabbed her by the collar and drug back into the church. \"Ow, Yazoo, let go.\" she hissed ","Summary":" It was in the middle of the day and three motorcycle-like vehicles rolled up to the top of a low cl"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Lost Souls","Author":"Ace-C","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10907997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello Readers, This story is one I thought of after watching Advent Children. I know that Cloud, Kadaj, Loz, and Yazoo didn't really grow up together, but I kind of liked the idea that they did and that they were also somewhat close. I'm saying they grew up in a foster home. This is why I marked it as an alternate universe. If you have questions, please feel free to ask them. But please be polite, because I won't respond to rude comments. Thanks, Ace[Chapter 2] Prologue- Life is So Much Easier Being Kids \" Come Sister, Brother's already outside, waiting to play,\" my brother, Kadaj, smiled at me holding his hand out. \"Hurry up.\" His tone was impatient. I giggled as I grabbed his hand, \"Be patient, Kadaj. If you don't everything will be too slow, when the truth is everything is faster than you.\" I used the momentum of grabbing his hand to push off and run to the door. It took a minute for him to understand and then he smirked and ran after me. I got outside first and tackled Cloud, one of our other brothers. I laughed as we rolled. Cloud was the only brother I was related to by blood, but the others were family nonetheless. \" Hey there, Kita. I see Kadaj found you,\" Cloud chuckled. His blonde hair fell in clumps into his face. I pushed them back and then rolled off him. I stood and brushed myself off. He sat up and smiled at me, and then he looked at Kadaj, \"I'm surprised she beat you.\" Kadaj shrugged, \"I let her win.\" He ran a hand through his hair as I rolled my eyes. \"I did.\" I waved my hand towards him. \"That's a bunch of hoopla. I won fair and square, Kadaj and you know it. Now what are we going to play?\" I asked, looking between them. I was up for anything so I would let them choose. Kadaj tapped his lip in thought as Yazoo and Loz walked over. The only one they seemed to get along with best was Kadaj. And they always tried to find a way to leave me out. But neither Cloud nor Kadaj would let them. Kadaj looked up at them, \"Any ideas as to what we can play?\" Loz looked at Yazoo and smirked as he answered, \"I say we should play war.\" Yazoo nodded in agreement. \" Kita can't play than…\" Cloud said frowning. \"And that's not fair. So we should think of a new game…\" I stood taller, \"I can play war…there is no rule that says I can't.\" I smiled at Cloud and then at Kadaj. Yazoo walked around me tapping his lip thoughtfully, \"What can a scrawny, six-year-old, little girl do in a war?\" \" I don't know…but what can an eight-year-old, weak, mean boy do in a war?\" I asked crossing my arms. I blew a blonde strand of hair out of my face. \" All set then,\" Kadaj said. \"I'm a captain and Cloud's a captain. One person will have to be a sort of double agent in a way. Who wants that job?\" No one moved so I rolled my eyes and raised my hand, \"I will be the double agent.\" I didn't think it was a really bad idea, I mean I wouldn't be able to choose whose team I wanted to be on most. So we got set up and played for hours and only went in when it got dark. That is one of my favorite memories. I think of it often when times are tough, and I am struggling to go on. I miss my brothers…well two of them anyway. Cloud, my overly serious and true brother and Kadaj, my overly protective and funny brother. I pull my ponytail tighter and keep moving. Midgar should be close…I think that's where Cloud is, anyway…Maybe I'll find Kadaj, that would be nice. I hope Loz and Yazoo aren't around though, that would be a bummer. I wonder if my brothers have any girlfriends, time will only tell. I am Kitatoku Strife and this is my story.[Chapter 3] Chapter 1 As I arrive in Midgar, I am surprised to see so many kids just sitting in the street. All of them look sick and then I remember hearing something about…Geostigma…a horrible disease caused by Jenova's remains. I close my eyes and press forward, reminding myself I can't help them…yet. I walk down the street and look in shops and things to see if I can see Cloud. I am too preoccupied with my search that I bump into someone and knocked her groceries out of her hand. I bent down to help her pick them up. \"I'm so sorry,\" I apologize as I pick up a carton of now broken eggs and look at the gooey mess dripping from it. \"I am really sorry.\" \"It's alright,\" the woman said. She had long black hair and dressed in black. She had a pink ribbon tied on her left arm. \"Let me buy you a new carton of eggs and anything else that is bad now,\" I say standing up and handing her the groceries. \"If you insist,\" she giggles, and I nod. \"By the way, who are you looking for? I know pretty much everyone around here.\" I walk with her and look at her, \"I'm looking for Cloud.\" I watch her to see if she is surprised, but if she is she doesn't show it. She looks at me. \"I'm his sister.\" \"I thought there was something familiar about you. I'm Tifa,\" she smiles. Then the smile fades, \"I'm sorry to say that's the one person I don't know the whereabouts of. You see, he kind of left to deal with some personal stuff. I can take to where he usually is when he's here.\" \"Alright,\" I smile and we walk into the grocery store. I buy her the eggs and then we are off to where Cloud might be. \"Oh…first can we stop by and get a little girl I'm watching over. I have been gone longer than expected and I don't want her to worry,\" Tifa says and I agree. So we go to where her and the little girl live. There's also a young boy, but it seems that he has the Geostigma and doesn't feel like going anywhere. Marlene, the little girl, is friendly and she looks at me with admiration I am not sure I deserve. \"Are you really Cloud's sister?\" she asks and I nod. She continues, \"He never said he had a sister.\" I smile sadly, \"Truth is I think he thought I was dead. You see I got kidnapped when I was nine and just got away a few months ago.\" \"Oh…\" she goes silent and when we reach what appears to be an old church she runs ahead to the door. When we walk in it is empty, but we can tell he has been here recently. Marlene kneels in the flowers and picks up a white bandage. \"Is Cloud sick? Why didn't he say anything?\" \"He wants to fight alone…\" Tifa said softly and I felt my heart skip a beat. He couldn't be sick… The doors were thrown open and we turn. I frown as I see Loz standing in the doorway. It's not hard to recognize him. He looks at Tifa, \"Where is she?\" He pauses, \"Where's mother?\" \"There's no one here,\" Tifa replies, pulling Marlene to her. \"Who are you?\" I step forward, \"Get out of here, Loz. Mother is not here. I don't even know who you are talking about, considering the closest person we have to a mother is Lina, our foster mother.\" His eyes dart to me, \"You! I thought you were dead…too bad. I guess I will just have to finish the job.\" \"Bring it on,\" I get ready and wait. I watch as he clicks on the weapon on his arm and electricity passes through the tips. I grind my teeth and wait. He chuckles and barrels toward me and I dodge and kick him in the back. He grunts and turns quickly wrapping his free arm around my neck and plunging the tips into my back, sending electrical shocks through my body. I scream and pull away. I turn to him and block him in time from hitting me in the head. I push him back. He swings high at me again, but as I block for high he jabs the points into my abdomen, \"Say goodnight, little girl.\" He pushes me back into the pews. I struggle to stand, but find I can't and he chuckles. He turns to Tifa as I black out. We were walking home from school. It was a great day, I got invited to a sleepover for the first time. Kadaj walked with me. \"So are you excited for your sleepover this weekend?\" he asked, wrapping a protective arm around me. \" Yeah, but I don't know why I did…It's not like those girls actually like me…\" I said, looking at the ground. \"I don't think I really want to go.\" He was silent for a moment, \"How about you and I go to the park? Just the two of us and we can talk about it and play a game.\" I nodded, \"Let me tell, Cloud.\" I ran ahead towards him. As I was running a black van screeched up next to me. I froze unsure of what to do and a man jumped out and scooped me up. \"Kadaj! Cloud!\" Kadaj started to run towards us and Cloud turned. The man shoved me in the back of the van and shut his door and then drove off. I screamed for my brothers, but soon gave up due to the soreness in my throat. I hoped I could get away soon. After a few hours I drifted off into a restless sleep. ","Summary":" Hello Readers, This story is one I thought of after watching Advent Children. I know that Cloud, Ka"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"A Well Deserved Break","Author":"gins-potter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10943194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Setting: After the movie Warnings: Spoilers for the end, making out Point Of View: Third Disclaimer: I do not own Letters to Juliet or any of the characters Sophie wandered through the door of her apartment, lazily shrugging off her coat and hanging it on the hook. She ambled down the hallway, subconsciously rubbing her bare arms, still unaccustomed with the cold London air despite having lived there for over a year. She had just walked in from a walk deciding to leave her boyfriend alone to work for a while. A frown suddenly appeared on her face as she took in the silence of the apartment. Normally, there would be a blonde curled and blue eyed Brit coming to greet her with a charming smile and a kiss. However she was surrounded by an unfamiliar silence. She strolled down the hallway checking rooms as she passed wondering where he had gotten to. She finally got to the open door of the Study where she had left him working when she had left. His face was scrunched up in concentration as he read over a letter. He had been busy with a big Court case and had been working non-stop the past couple of weeks. She watched as he finished reading the letter- one she now recognised, as she had seen him read it hundreds of times in the past days alone- and tossed it back down on the desk with a huff of annoyance. Something in it seemed to irk him every time he read it. He spun round on his desk chair, stretched his legs out and tilted his head back closing his eyes tiredly. \"Charlie,\" she smiled fondly and drifted forward slipping onto his lap when she reached him. She settled her legs on either side of the chair straddling him. Without opening his eyes, her boyfriend knew exactly who it was and he slipped his hands up to lie on her hips lightly. She leaned forward to bury her face in the crook of his neck and he hummed happily at the contact. \"Hi,\" she murmured against his skin. \"Hey,\" he replied into her hair. They enjoyed the feeling of each other for another few moments until Charlie groaned and started to pull back. \"I need to get back to work.\" But Sophie wasn't giving up that easily. She looped her arms around his neck and pressed a kiss to his skin. With a sigh of content he leaned back into her touch, ignoring his earlier thoughts. She grazed her lips against him again moving further up his throat. \"You. Need. A. Break,\" she whispered kissing her way up to his earlobe in between each word. Catching it between her teeth she gave it a gentle tug causing him to groan and gripped her hips tighter, pulling her even closer until the little space that had been between them had totally disappeared. \"Do I?\" he asked pulling back to look into her hazel eyes. She nodded seriously and he smirked. \"And what exactly would we do during this break,\" he asked curiously, already having a fair idea. She opened her mouth to unleash what would be no doubt an incredibly witty as well as sarcastic response but immediately lost the ability to speak when he leaned forward to kiss the juncture where her shoulder met her neck. \"I - well… we could… maybe,\" she stuttered as he sucked on the skin fervently. He hummed against her skin and the vibrations caused her hand to unconsciously reach up and tangled itself in Charlie's curls pressing his mouth closer to her. Sophie couldn't help the moan that escaped her lips when his teeth grazed the spot. Sophie now was having trouble pinpointing the exact time that she had stopped seducing Charlie and it had turned to him seducing her, she was actually having trouble focussing on anything that didn't have to do with Charlie's mouth. Charlie suddenly stood up, holding up Sophie while she adjusted her legs around his waist and smashed his lips against hers. His tongue darted out to run along her lips, begging the silent question to deepen the kiss and she complied happily. Their tongues battled for dominance until they had to pull apart for air. \"If this is the activity we'll be engaging in during this 'break', then I'm in,\" he grinned. ","Summary":" Setting: After the movie Warnings: Spoilers for the end, making out Point Of View: Third Disclaimer"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Moving to Where?","Author":"xxPurpleStars3xx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10869345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own anything. \"So,\" Charlie said, sitting down in a chair in that sat behind Lorenzo's outside table. Sophie was sitting on his left, \"we're going to do this. Flip a coin.\" Charlie was nervous, to say the least. He loved London, he really did and he was desperately hoping that he would win the coin toss, but if Sophie son, there was no question that he would move across the ocean for her. He loved her too much to make her leave. \"There's one thing I have to tell you before you flip that quarter,\" Sophie said, hoping this would change his mind. She loved New York, and she was grateful that Charlie would want to move there if she won the toss, but her story, and possibly more, were being run, and she couldn't move away from that chance. \"Their story's going to run!\" Charlie was dumbstruck. \"The story about my grandmother and Lorenzo?\" he asked. \"Yes, and he wants more,\" Sophie said, a little more apprehensive this time. Charlie stood up and swung his love around. \"This is wonderful !\" he shouted. \"You're not mad?\" \"Why would I be mad? This settles everything. We're moving to New York.\" Sophie smiled. Not only was she not leaving New York, but her boyfriend was agreeing to move without another thought. \"You're a little too happy to be moving away from London,\" she said. \"Well, your work is getting published. Your boss wants more. You've waited a long time for this, and I'm not letting that opportunity pass you by,\" Charlie explained. \"Yes, I will miss London, but we can always visit.\" Sophie kissed him as Lorenzo and Claire came out of the house. They looked at the couple that had gotten together at their wedding. \"We miss something?\" Claire asked. Sophie smiled at the woman that had brought her and Charlie together. The one who had convinced her Charlie wasn't as bad as she mighty think. After all, he started out a jerk and somehow ended up falling in love with her, and she him. \"Sophie's story about you got published,\" Charlie said. \"Really?\" Claire looked astonished, but ecstatic. \"That's amazing, dear.\" Sophie was not used to praise outside of her father's. Victor gave her some, but he wasn't as proud as she would like him to be. She was happy she finally found someone who was ecstatic as she was about her work being published. \"Congratulations,\" Lorenzo said, coming over and hugging the young writer. \"I'm sure it will be a fabulous story to read once we've gotten a hold of it.\" \"She's really good,\" Charlie told his stepgrandfather. \"She's amazing.\" \"So, is it New York or London?\" Claire asked. \"New York,\" the couple said. \"I'm not going to take Sophie away from a boss who wants her to show him more,\" Charlie said. \"Well, we'll miss you so very much,\" Claire said. \"We'll miss you too.\" \"We should get you home soon so we can start packing,\" Sophie suggested. \"One of the next flights out of here,\" Charlie agreed, kissing Sophie's head. He turned to Claire and hugged her. \"Bye, Gran.\" \"Bye, Charlie,\" she whispered, tears threatening to fall. She was happy that he was starting his life over with a girl she absolutely loved, but sad that they would be even father away than she was to London right now. Charlie turned to Lorenzo as Claire and Sophie hugged. He shook Lorenzo's hand. \"Take care of her,\" Charlie instructed. \"It's all I've ever wanted to do,\" Lorenzo said. The two couples bid each other goodbye as Sophie and Charlie went to the airport to buy tickets for one of the next flights back to London. They held hands all the way to the airport, ready to start a new life together. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own anything. \"So,\" Charlie said, sitting down in a chair in that sat behind "},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Dear Juliet","Author":"Gingiie666","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10215288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Juilet, How do you know when you are in love? Not just any day love, but the once in a life time type of love. The soul crushing, heart melting, leaving me breathess sort of love. Is it when you go to bed late at night, and wake up early just to see if they had left a message on your phone. when all you want Is to talk to them, and to see them. Or the time when you wake up early because reality is much better than sleep walking in your dreams. When you think no monsters can come out to grab you, and pull you down into the darkness once again. Or how about the contentment of just having lazy days together. The peacefulness of just laying in bed together, snuggling and watching movies all day. The type of day where you don't have to get out of your pj's, or even brush your hair. The day where you are completely happy at the point of life you are at. Or maybe when you see the perfection in all the flaws. Where you see the good, the bad, the growth, and find it beautiful at how it blends all together, like the beauty of a rainbow. Like how on a rainy spring afternoon, the smell of the rain on the freshly mown lawn. You might not want to go out and get wet, but in the end, it brings out the beauty and enhances everything. Or like the beauty of an abstract painting, with all the blends of emotion. When they do something, or say something that kills you inside. But, yet, you still find a way to forgive them because they mean the world to you, and still want to be with them, and would do anything to make them happy. Or maybe is it finding somebody who sees your flaws and think of it as perfection and beauty. The contentment of being able to be completely yourself; the fun; the happy; the crazy; the sad; the moods; the struggles, and not be reprimanded for it all. To say what you want to say, to do what you want to do, and not feel self-conscious and shy about it. When you feel like crap, and just want to disappear for a while. But they can bring you out of that funk with a snap of their fingers. With just one message, or with just one look, and in an instant there is a smile on your face. So, my dear friend, how do you know when it is the life altering, once in a life time type of love? ","Summary":" Dear Juilet, How do you know when you are in love? Not just any day love, but the once in a life ti"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Letter","Author":"LettersForYou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9936668","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trembling hands holding the pen, and gradually the letters are shaped like stars in a night sky open. And in my drunkenness, write a letter... I promised myself I would dilute feelings along with the ink, turning pain into poetry. To show how miserable and lonely one can become, to the point of clinging to pathetic things. The truth is cruel. And when you're at rock bottom, any reflection becomes light. Even the most unlikely creature. And the inconsistency that only grace can bring, I ran. I made a turn and went running in crash, out of desperation, deep and greedy route, trying to find a way to feel again. A voluntary defibrillation. It was the time when most needed someone... And it hurts, even though I 'm still brings comfort my loneliness, a twinkle in his eye and some broken lines. Alright. I know I'm also a masochist. And I also know that, for now, it is you who pulls the chains. ","Summary":" Trembling hands holding the pen, and gradually the letters are shaped like stars in a night sky ope"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"What If?","Author":"Gabriella Somerfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6438429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What If? Letters To Juliet One Shot What if Sophie and Victor hadn't broken up. What if Victor had gone with Sophie to Claire and Lorenzo wedding? What would have happened and how would it all end? \" Claire and Lorenzo are getting married\" says Sophie \" Really that's good\" says Victor \" I'm going it's on Saturday I was hoping you'd come with me\" says Sophie \" To Verona for a wedding of people I do not know\" says Victor \" Please it would mean a lot to me\" says Sophie \" I'd have to close the restaurant\" says Victor \" No you wouldn't the other chef's could take care of it\" says Sophie \" I'll come\" says Victor \" Good I can't wait for you to meet them\" says Sophie \" Them\" says Victor \" Claire, Lorenzo and Charlie who is Claire's grandson\" says Sophie \" You're telling me that you didn't travel across half of Italy with this Claire woman but there was her grandson as well\" says Victor \" Is that a problem\" says Sophie \" No\" says Victor \" He didn't want Claire travelling to Italy on her own\" says Sophie \" I understand\" says Victor \" Nothing happened if that's what you're thinking\" says Sophie pushing the kiss with Charlie to the back of her mind. \" No I know it wouldn't off I trust you\" says Victor Saturday \" Sophie\" says Charlie \" Charlie hi how are you\" says Sophie \" I'm good, yeah fine you?\" says Charlie \" I'm good\" says Sophie \" When did you get in where are you staying\" says Charlie \" We've not figured out that part yet\" says Sophie \" We've\" says Charlie \" Yeah Charlie this is Victor my fiancée\" says Sophie \" Nice to meet you\" says Charlie holding out his hand Victor shakes his hand \"Same\" says Victor \" Well you two can stay here Lorenzo nor my Gran wouldn't have it any other way\" says Charlie \" How is our Lorenzo, is he still amazing?\" asks Sophie \" Yes\" says Charlie \" And Claire how is she?\" asks Sophie \" She's so happy\" says Charlie \" Did you just say happy\" says Sophie \" Yes these past 2 months here have changed me\" says Charlie A young lady comes up to Charlie. \" We're ready inside Claire's almost here\" says the young lady \" Sophie this is Patricia\" says Charlie \" Nice to meet you\" says Sophie feeling dejected but not showing. \" The Sophie\" says Patricia \" The Sophie\" says Charlie \" It's so nice to finally meet you this one here hasn't stopped going on about you for the past week\" says Patricia \" Patricia\" says Charlie \" What and all good if you were wondering\" says Patricia There is a silence. \" Right I'm going getting my seat\" says Patricia and she turns and goes into the church. \" So are we\" says Sophie \" Just leave me out here\" says Charlie \" You have to wait for Claire and you're going to fine\" says Sophie \" See you after the ceremony\" says Charlie \" Yeah of course I need to tell you about the story\" says Sophie \" My Gran told me Congratulants\" says Charlie \" I'm doing a follow up of the wedding\" says Sophie Charlie is looking over her shoulder. Sophie turns and sees Claire. \" We'd best go get our seats\" says Sophie Sophie and Victor go and get there seats. After the wedding. Lorenzo speaks and then motions to Claire to speak. She says a few things and then turns to look at Sophie. \" Do you mind Sophie is I read the letter who wrote to me\" says Claire Sophie shakes her head. \" Dear Claire, What and If are two words as non-threatening as words can be. But put them together side-by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life: What if? What if? What if? I don't know how your story ended but if what you felt then was true love, then it's never too late. If it was true then, why wouldn't it be true now? You need only the courage to follow your heart. I don't know what a love like Juliet's feels like - love to leave loved ones for, love to cross oceans for but I'd like to believe if I ever were to feel it, that I will have the courage to seize it. And, Claire, if you didn't, I hope one day that you will. All my love, Juliet\" \" That letter is the reason we are here today\" says Claire Tears glisten in Sophie eyes. She sees Charlie and Patricia laughing together. \" Excuse me\" says Sophie the people at her table (which includes Victor). She gets up and walks off. Victor not noticing her departure. Over at the wedding party table. Charlie notices Sophie's departure. \" I'll be right back Gran\" says Charlie and gets up and goes after Sophie. Victor not notices Charlie's departure after his fiancée. People who don't know that Sophie has a fiancée look after the departing two thinking aww he's going to comfort her. \" Sophie\" shouts Charlie Charlie hears footsteps and he looks up to see Sophie stood on the balcony. \" Of course the balcony\" says Charlie \" Did you want something Charlie?\" asks Sophie \" I just wanted to see if you were ok\" says Charlie \" Shouldn't that be Victor's job\" says Sophie \" Do you see him coming running after you\" says Charlie There's silence. \" No\" says Sophie \" That's because he's to busy stuffing his face and talking to the chef next to him\" says Charlie \" Why are you here why aren't you with Patricia\" says Sophie \" Patricia is my cousin there's two Patricia my cousin who is here and the one I have completely forgotten about because of you\" says Charlie \" Because of me?\" questions Sophie \" Yes I am madly, truly, deeply in love with you but that doesn't matter because you're with Victor\" says Charlie \" I, I don't know what to say\" says Sophie \" There's nothing you can say\" says Charlie turning away Sophie runs downs the steps and to Charlie. \" There is something to say 2 months ago I spent a week and half going all over Italy with you and Claire and I fell in love with you. There's, there's no spark with Victor anymore he's so in love with cooking and we've grown apart and I'm going to break it off with him and then-\" trails off Sophie seeing Victor coming towards them. \" Sophie that chef is great\" says Victor Sophie looks at Charlie with a see what I mean look. Charlie nods. \" What's going on\" says Victor \" Private conversation\" says Sophie \" Well I'm going to go back and talk to Henry again\" says Victor \" Victor we need to talk\" says Sophie \" This is all your fault\" says Victor pointing a finger at Charlie \" It isn't Charlie's fault yes I fell in love with him but you are to blame as well for the past 3 months it's all been about you and your restaurant and then we were on vacation and you still only cared about your restaurant which was over 5000 miles from the restaurant is\" says Sophie \" It was a win, win situation you got to write and I got to cook\" says Victor \" But it was meant to be a pre-honeymoon we were in the most romantic city in the world and we didn't mind being apart you were of on one side of Italy with suppliers and mushrooms and I was on the other side writing with Charlie and Claire trying to find Claire's Lorenzo which happened as we were going back to Verona\" says Sophie \"And when your on holiday with your fiancée you meant to want to spend every minute together doing romantic things and things that you enjoy not visiting suppliers every minute of everyday, looking at cheese, mushrooms and going to wine auctions\" says Sophie \" What are you trying to say\" says Victor \" We've grown apart and I think we should end it because neither of us are going to change back\" says Sophie \" So this is the end\" says Victor \" You've got your restaurant and I have my writing and you will find the right girl for you one day a girl who shares your passion for cooking\" says Sophie Victor nods. Sophie hugs him. \" You are a lucky man\" says Victor to Charlie \" Who says she's going to choose me\" says Charlie Victor walks off. \" Charlie I just told you two minutes ago I love you and your saying I'm going to choose being single and writing over to being with you and writing\" says Sophie \" So were are we going to live New York or London\" says Charlie \" What do you mean?\" asks Sophie confused \" And if you don't like that then I will happily come to New York if you are there waiting for me\" says Charlie Sophie face breaks into a huge smile. \" So does that grin mean you like that option\" says Charlie Sophie nods. Charlie takes a step closer to her and brushes some hair out of face before leaning down and capturing her lips in a sweet loving kiss. A few minutes later with Sophie and Charlie sat on the grass. \" All my friends are going to call you a posh totty\" says Sophie \" Why\" says Charlie \" It's the way you speak\" says Sophie \" What's with the way I speak\" says Sophie \" It's defines you as British but I love it\" says Sophie Slow music has started to play with the wedding party. \" Would you do me the honour of dancing with me after I have danced with Patricia?\" asks Charlie \" I'd be honoured to\" says Sophie Isabella comes over. \" Sophie Claire is about to toss the bouquet\" says Isabella \" Coming\" says Sophie getting up and walks off with Isabella. Charlie gets up and follows them. All the single ladies and unmarried taken ladies get into a big huddle behind Claire who tosses the bouquet. Hands are outstretch for it and Sophie is just stood there with her hands held in front of her and the bouquet flies though the air and lands in her hands. Music starts and everyone turns to watch Claire and Lorenzo partake in their first dance. The wedding party and then everyone else. Sophie and Charlie share their first dance ever and the night draws on with dancing and then like a perfect gentleman Charlie walks Sophie to her room and then goes to his room after a goodnight kiss the promise of seeing each other tomorrow. Both go to sleep with smiles on their faces. What if we were made for each other Born to become best friends and lovers I want to stay right here In this moment with you Over and over and over again Colbie Caillat What If Review Please Gabriella Somerfield ","Summary":" What If? Letters To Juliet One Shot What if Sophie and Victor hadn't broken up. What if Victor had "},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Misunderstanding","Author":"BooBar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8984905","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sophie lets Charlie read a bit of her writing about Claire. However he picks up the wrong book and ends up looking in her journal. I don't own any of these characters, nor 'Letters to Juliet' Rated T just in case of language. It had been a long day and Sophie decided to return to her room as soon as they returned to the hotel so she could start writing up her story. After about an hour she began to get hungry and as Claire was nowhere to be seen and she would rather not suffer anymore of Charlie's sarcasm today, she rang up for room service and ordered her evening meal. Her tummy was rumbling quite loudly and more often now when she heard a knock at the door. \"Come in!\" She shouted in a rather impatient tone, thinking it was the food she had been waiting for. \"Good evening Sophie, I just wanted to see how you were. You looked rather pale earlier and I was concerned.\" He said in a soft tone. \"Oh, Hey. I'm fine. I think the heat had just got to me and being in the car trying to write, I think I just felt a bit sick. But thank you, it's sweet of you to check up on me.\" Sophie replied looking up into his eyes from her chair. \"Well, listen, as you're feeling better, how would you like to join me for a glass of wine? I saw this place just across the…\" \"Charlie,\" she interrupted, \"I'm sorry, I can't. I've ordered room service, which should be here any second and I wanted to get started on my story tonight\" She said picking up her notebook and pointing it at the computer screen in front of her. \"Maybe tomorrow night?\" She reassured him with a smile and hope that they may be able to get along. The truth was as snobby as he appeared, Charlie was just a young English man trying to deal with his Gran's adventure of going after a long lost love and Sophie was starting to warm up to him. Underneath his layer of pride, he was actually just as sensitive and kind-hearted as Claire had made him out to be. \"So, Sophie, how is the writing going?\" He asked in a bid to start conversation about something he knew she would want to talk about. \"It's okay actually, although it's difficult not knowing the ending\" She giggled, as she skimmed over her messy handwriting in her notebook which was resting next to another patterned book on the side of the desk. \"Could I read some? I mean it's not like there's anything to hide, we have been through it all together\" Just as he finished his sentence, there was a rather light knock on her front door. \"Oh, that'll be my food. Yeah Charlie, you can read it but I've only managed the first few sentences on the laptop. You can look in the notebook next to it.\" As Sophie made her way to the door, Charlie marched over to the desk rather excitedly and picked up the book on the desk. As he read, he began to realise that this was not the story of his Gran and their search to find Lorenzo. Still, he couldn't help but read. July 26 th I can't believe Charlie, waltzing around like he knows what's best for everyone, including me! Yes, Victor is away and I guess I miss him but with Charlie rolling out a sarcastic comment every 2 minutes and his childish temper tantrums happening on a daily basis, my head is pretty much full of witty comebacks for the next insult he throws at me. Honestly when will that boy grow up?! The world doesn't revolve around him. He has seen quite enough and was starting to regret being nice to Sophie. As he dropped the book back onto the desk, he heard the sound of metal and plates being pushed through into her room. \"I'm going to go Sophie. Obviously your work is more important than any time I would like to spend with you\" She was surprised at the harshness in his voice. Not five minutes ago they had engaged in a pleasant, if somewhat, awkward conversation and they seemed to be getting on just fine. The door slammed behind her and she looked around the room, at her laptop to see what it was that could've offended him. As she put the first plateful of spaghetti in her mouth, she saw it, what she had never wished anyone to see. \"Stupid girl\" She whispered to herself as she saw her journal open to the previous page. After finishing her food and clearing up after herself, she made her way down the hall to Charlie's room to try and explain herself with her diary under her arm. She knocked on the door and stepped back once. She was so nervous and had no idea what she was going to say when he opened the door, if he opened the door. \"Sophie.\" He said, clearing his throat as he opened the door. \"Can I help you?\" \"What were you doing? Reading my diary? When I said you could have a look, I meant the story. Surely you knew that?!\" She replied in a rather uneasy tone. \"After those awful things you wrote about me in the diary, I doubt I will want to read the story that will go out to all of those readers\" He snapped back. \"How much did you read?\" Sophie's voice had gone softer and she sounded more confused. \"I read enough. Stopping at you ranting about when will I grow up and realise the world doesn't revolve around me\" He said mimicking the tone her was sure she had when she wrote those words in her diary. \"I think you better finish reading. You are way quick to turn off your ears when there's something you don't want to hear…or read.\" She pushed the book, page open in the right place, onto his chest and stood there watching him as his eyes glazed over the page, his face filling with anger as he read those words over again. After a few minutes she saw his expression change and a rather guilty look took over his face. He continued reading… Yes, he's behaving like an ass but there's something in his eyes that sparkles and I can't help but be attracted to him. The way his bum wiggles when he walks and how his lips look when he sips his wine and when he gets angry, he gets those little wrinkles on his forehead. Yes I love Victor but he hasn't looked at me once since we got here and I've noticed Charlie catching my reflection in the rear view mirror a few times in the car. Is it bad that a girl needs to feel wanted, needs to feel like someone cares about her? I don't know. All I know is I can't help thinking that if I wasn't here with Victor then I wouldn't have met Charlie. Lovely Charlie, annoying at times but still. I think I'm starting to fall for him. This is bad. After reading these words, Charlie looked up to see Sophie biting her bottom lip, trying to control her nerves. He liked her so much; he couldn't keep his eyes off her in the car and the moment they had shared while having ice cream in the town had made his heart race. Now, with so many emotions of lust, guilt and confusion going through him, he didn't know what to say. He tried his best to get a few words out. \"Sophie, I'm terribly sorry. I shouldn't have come to conclusions so quickly. Please accept my apology.\" He paused and looked at her for a response. \"I...apology accepted.\" She smiled up at him and he put his hand out, hoping she would shake it. \"Seriously Charlie? You want a handshake?\" \"It's the proper thing to do in a situation like this.\" The truth was, apart from his Gran, he had only fought with Patricia and she was never the touchy-feely type so a hand shake seemed to be the only option for him and Sophie. That was, until she lifted her arms up around his neck and hugged him, no; she embraced him, holding him close. His heart was beating so fast and she could feel it. She pulled away just as his hands reached the small of her back. \"Goodnight Charlie.\" She stroked his cheek, kissed it and turned around to head back to her room. \"Sophie?\" Charlie caught her arm just before she got too far away and held out her diary in front of him, \"You really like my bum wiggle when I walk?\" He asked with a cheeky grin. \"I guess I do\" She smiled back to him, kissed him on the cheek once more and said goodnight. ","Summary":" Sophie lets Charlie read a bit of her writing about Claire. However he picks up the wrong book and "},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Retail therapy","Author":"H6p8gv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8434897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I would like to thank my good pal hippogriff-tamer for her help with this story. This is also a part of the used to be three now four part it is combined with Surprising news I don't own any of the characters Sophie's stomach grumbled as she gazed upon the lone muffin on Charlie's plate. He smiled at hearing it. \"Do you want this muffin?\" he asked, indicating it with his hand. She nodded. He handed it to her and she immediately took a bite, moaning in pleasure. Charlie tried to hide a snicker. \"Good?\" She nodded again, wiping the pieces that fell from her mouth with a napkin. When she looked at him she frowned. \"What are you laughing at?\" Her voice sounded hurt. His amusement faded quickly at her voice. \"Soph, I was just amused by how much you were enjoying that muffin.\" Claire walked into the room, a large dining area with pictures hanging on the wall and a wooden table that seated Lorenzo's entire family. She looked at Sophie then Charlie. \"What's wrong?\" Charlie shrugged. \"I don't know. All I did was laugh, but Sophie's upset.\" Claire's eyes became alight with understanding. \"Oh Sophie darling, it's alright,\" she said walking over to her and tenderly patting her shoulder. Charlie gave his grandmother a quizzical look as he stood to help her with her chair. Claire patted his cheek before sitting. She smoothed down the gray skirt and blouse she was wearing. \"She's five months pregnant Charlie.\" He went over to to Sophie and put his hand on her shoulder. \"I am sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. She squeezed his hand. \"I'm sorry, too. I don't know how to control my emotions.\" \"Charlie, why don't you sit down?\" \"I can't Gran. I have work to attend to.\" He leaned down and kissed Sophie's cheek. \"I apologize again,\" he whispered before bidding Claire goodbye and leaving. Claire shook her head. \"I think the only time he truly had a vacation was when we met you in Verona.\" She got up to get herself something to eat. When she returned she placed another muffin in front of Sophie. Sophie raised her eyebrow at her. \"You look like you wanted another,\" Claire said simply. \"Thanks,\" Sophie said, taking the muffin and biting into it. They both were quiet for a few moments as they ate. Sophie glanced at the door, rubbing her stomach and frowning. Claire saw her. \"You know what we need today?\" she asked suddenly. \"What?\" \"Retail therapy.\" \"You mean shopping?\" Sophie inquired. Claire nodded. \"It'll help get your mind off of your emotions.\" Sophie stood up, the material of her pink dress tight around her stomach. \"I could use some bigger clothes.\" \"Then it's settled.\" -0-0-0- Sophie and Claire headed to a nearby row of shops, a long lane full of stores ranging from baby and maternity wear to styles teenagers would wear, after they finished breakfast. In the first couple of shops Sophie found some blouses and pants that could be worn throughout the rest of her pregnancy. At the second shop a clerk, a young woman about Sophie's age even commented on how lovely a green blouse looked on Sophie, saying that the color brought out her eyes but Sophie barely heard it. She was lost in her own thoughts. \"What's on your mind?\" Claire asked as they left the shop. Sophie stopped and looked at her. \"Claire, were you ever scared about becoming a mother while you were pregnant?\" \"Yes, every new parent experiences that.\" \"I'm afraid that I won't be a good mother. I didn't exactly have a good role model growing up.\" \"Sophie,\" Claire said hugging her and gently smoothing down her hair. \"You will make a great mother. You are kind, loving, and patient.\" \"Are you sure?\" Sophie asked her voice deep with emotion. \"Of course, your experiences made you who you are and we learn from past mistakes.\" Sophie smiled, wiping away a few tears that escaped with her hand. Claire stepped away from her. \"Feel better?\" Sophie nodded. \"So what did you do when you felt scared?\" \"I went to my mother and she told me that my flings were perfectly natural and that I should take things day by day.\" Sophie wiped another tear from her cheek. \"I don't usually cry like this.\" She let out a small laugh. Claire gave her a sympathetic smile. Sophie looked around. \"You know what? I just remembered there were a dress and a couple of shorts that I liked in the first store we went to.\" They walked back to the first store and purchased a blue dress and the shorts Sophie had mentioned. Claire paid for those items despite protests against it from Sophie. They were halfway out the door when Sophie was bumped by something. She looked up at what ran into her. \"Isabella!\" she exclaimed. Isabella was carrying a blue and pink bag with a brown stuffed dog peeking out of it. a\"Sophie, wow you look radiant!\" It's like your skin is glowing.\" \"She does look radiant doesn't she?\" Claire said from behind Sophie. \"Claire,\" Isabella greeted. Claire responded in kind. \"I'm five months pregnant,\" Sophie told her friend, placing her hand on her stomach. Isabella looked to Sophie for permission then placed her hand on Sophie's stomach. \"Oh how wonderful! Do you know what you're having yet?\" \"A girl.\" \"Lovely,\" Isabella crooned. \"How are you and Charlie handling all this? I know that you wanted to wait until after you were married to have children.\" \"We were both shocked at first but I think we are both slowly warming up to the idea of becoming parents.\" \"It's so funny that I ran into you two today. I was just shopping for a friend's baby shower-a friend I haven't seen in a few weeks and was thinking how long it's been since I saw you.\" \"I know I've been busy lately,\" Sophie said. Isabella smiled. \"I can see that. Will you come to visit in Verona before you and Charlie leave for London? I know the other women would love to see you.\" Sophie nodded. -0-0-0- When they arrived home, Claire headed to the family room while Sophie went upstairs to put away her recent purchases. As she stepped into her room she found Charlie. He was sitting at the oak desk typing on his laptop. She made a soft sound to get his attention. He stopped typing and turned to her. \"Hey.\" \"Hey, how's it coming?\" she responded. Charlie glanced quickly at his screen then back at her. \"I'm almost done. Been shopping?\" he asked pointing to the bags she was carrying. Sophie nodded. \"Claire thought we needed a shopping trip after breakfast.\" He stood still facing her. \"I was insensitive this morning. I'm still no quite used to the idea of parenthood.\" Sophie placed the bags on the bed and walked closer to him. \"I understand.\" He took her hands in his. \"You'll have to be patient with me. I will try to be more sensitive to your needs but I will also probably mess up.\" Sophie smiled. \"Oh, I'm sure you will.\" Charlie grinned back. \"So, do you want me to fail?\" \"No,\" she answered, lacing their fingers together. He pulled her closer, freeing his hands and gently enclosing her within his arms. \"You seem like your in a good mood.\" \"I do, do I?\" He nodded. \"The trip with Gran must have been fruitful.\" \"I did get a bunch of clothes,\" she said laying her head on his shoulder. \"I'm not talking about the clothes.\" Sophie looked up at him, curious as to what he meant. He saw her curiousity written on her face. \"I'm talking about Gran easing your mind some. I know you were worried and Gran's always been helpful with her advice.\" \"Aren't you worried?\" \"Yes, but I guess that's natural.\" She raised an eybrow at him. \"How'd you get so perceptive?\" \"Gran,\" he answered simply. Sophie laughed. Charlie raised her chin with his fingers so that they were facing each other and brushed his lips across hers. \"Seriously, Sophie, I'm glad that you're feeling better.\" \"Me too,\" she sighed. \"but we still have four more months to go so you better get used to apologizing because like I said earlier, I'm sure you'll mess up many more times\" \"Can't I just apologize now for everything and be done with it.\" Sophie shook her head. \"It doesn't work that way.\" \"Shame.\" Sophie grinned as she kissed him. \"Let's go downstairs and get something to eat. I'm hungry.\" ","Summary":" A/N I would like to thank my good pal hippogriff-tamer for her help with this story. This is also a"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"An Unexpected Visitor","Author":"H6p8gv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8499119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n I would like to thank WildGypsyWoman 12 for reviewing my last store. This is the third part of a four part saga of stories I would like to thank my good pal hippogriff-tamer for her help with this story \"Sophie?\" Sophie opened her eyes at hearing her name. She was lying in a hospital bed resting after giving birth to a daughter. The morning sun shone through the windows illuminating the white walls and ceiling of her small room. Sophie glanced towards the door, where the voice had come from, to see a woman in a long sleeved burgundy blouse and tan pants. She had short blonde hair and a porcelain face. \"Yes?\" Sophie asked. \"You've grown into such a beautiful woman,\" the woman mused thoughtfully. Sophie raised an eyebrow in confusion. \"Do I know you?\" \"It's me Angela…I mean your mother,\" she answered. \"My mother?!\" Angela nodded then frowned. \"You don't believe me?\" Sophie opened her mouth to speak as the woman stepped closer. As she got a closer look, Sophie placed her hand on her own cheek, noting the similar chin and cheekbones she and the woman shared. \"We have the same cheekbones,\" Sophie stated. Angela just nodded. Sophie placed her hand in her lap. \"What are you doing here?!\" \"Shouldn't a mother be at the hospital when her only daughter has her own daughter? She's quite something; so small and delicate.\" Sophie's eyes narrowed in puzzlement. \"I saw her asleep in the nursery,\" Angela said answering Sophie's unspoken question. Sophie's eyes widened. \"You saw Teresa?\" \"Teresa's her name?\" \"Yes,\" Sophie answered nodding. Angela stepped closer and placed a small wicker basket on the roll away table at the end of Sophie's bed. Red leaves peeked out from the basket. Sophie hadn't even realized that her mother was holding anything. With Angela even closer, Sophie could discern that her mother had green eyes much like hers. \"It's a poinsettia plant. I remember that we used to get one every Christmas when you were little,\" Angela said bringing Sophie's attention away from her eyes. \"Um, thanks,\" Sophie said, not knowing what else to say. \"My mother taught me never to show up anywhere empty handed.\" \"You never really did answer my previous question,\" Sophie reminded her, sitting up and fixing the paisley hospital gown she was wearing. \"What question is that?\" Sophie placed her hands together on her lap. \"What are you doing here…I mean I was nine years old the last time I saw you.\" A small pang of guilt flashed across Angela's face then vanished. \"I saw your story about Claire and Lorenzo and I've been following your work ever since. You're a great writer and I…\" \"Decided to come tell me this now,\" Sophie said a bit accusingly. Angela was taken aback by her tone. \"Well, yes. I didn't think that emailing you or writing you a letter was a good idea. I'd thought it better if we talked.\" \"Wait, how did you even know where I was? Only my fiancée, his grandmother and my father know that I went into labor last night.\" \"I found your address online and went there first hoping that you'd listen to me. When I discovered that no one was there I turned and found your neighbor looking at me. She told me that she saw you leave quite suddenly last night and since she knew you were pregnant, she figured that you'd gone to the hospital. And this was the nearest one to where you lived so I guessed that you'd be here. I asked the nurses at the desk for the room you were in,\" Angela explained. Sophie immediately knew that the neighbor her mother spoke about was Mrs. Brown. She had always been curious as to what was happening around the neighborhood. She focused back on Angela. \"What do you mean by you were hoping that I'd listen to you?\" \"Well, like you've already mentioned, it's been a while since we last saw each other so I wouldn't have been surprised if you shut the door in my face.\" \"I don't know what I would have done if you'd showed up at my door,\" Sophie told her truthfully. \"I have to admit I was astonished that Gordon is okay with you living with your fiancée before marriage. He always seemed more traditional to me,\" Angela mused, changing the subject. \"Dad loves Charlie.\" \"Charlie's a lawyer, right?\" Sophie nodded. \"An amazing lawyer,\" she said, a soft smile gracing her lips. Angela smiled. \"You really love him, don't you?\" \"Yes,\" Sophie admitted without hesitation. \"Good. That'll help your marriage last.\" \"Why did your marriage not last? Why did you leave us?\" Sophie asked softly, a hint of fear behind her words. Angela bit her lip, a nervous tic that Sophie recognized. She bit her lip when she was trying to decide how to word something; something that could be deemed unpleasant. \"I felt suffocated by being a wife and mother,\" Angela said after a couple minutes passed. \"How did Dad and I 'suffocate' you?\" Sophie asked, her voice turning acerbic upon hearing her mother's last response. Angela didn't seem affronted by her tone. \"I felt stuck. There were things that I still wanted to do. I wanted to travel and pursue my dreams. I felt that I couldn't do them with you and your father with me,\" she answered honestly. \"Why couldn't you?\" Sophie's voice was reminiscent of the hurt nine-year old that Angela left. Angela looked ashamed. \"Well, you were in school and your father loved his job. I didn't want to take you away from that.\" \"Couldn't you have asked us? We would have gone with you; helped you chase your dreams.\" \"Gordon's not much of a traveler and you had your friends and books. I thought that you'd be fine and that I'd come back and visit.\" \"But you didn't,\" Sophie told her. Angela nodded solemnly. \"No, you're right. I didn't.\" They were both silent for several minutes, neither knowing what to say. \"Well, I think I overstayed my welcome,\" Angela said. She turned around then looked back at Sophie. \"I know that I cannot change the past….\" Angela stopped not knowing how to finish the sentence. She gave Sophie a sad smile then walked out the door. Sophie sat in bed stunned at what just happened. The door opened again and Sophie wondered if her mother had come back to say something else. She took a few deep breaths trying to calm down. Charlie walked into the room wearing jeans and a brown sweater. \"Your father sounded happy on the phone when I told him he was a grandfather. He…\" Charlie stopped mid sentence when he saw Sophie's face. \"What's wrong?\" he asked going to her side. She looked at him. \"My mom…\" Her voice was barely above a whisper. He took her hand in his. \"What about her?\" \"She was just here,\" she answered. \"What!\" Before Charlie or Sophie could speak again Claire stepped into the room wearing a light blue skirt and blouse. She froze at the sight of both their faces. \"What's the matter?\" Charlie recovered enough to answer. \"Sophie's mum was here;\" at the same time that Sophie said \"my mom was just here\". \"Oh my!\" Claire exclaimed sitting next to Charlie and placing her hand on Sophie's blanketed leg. \"Are you alright, darling?\" Sophie nodded. \"It was a shock to see her.\" \"I'll be right back,\" Charlie said. He stood and left through the door. A few minutes later he returned with a soda can in his hand. He sat by Sophie's side again and handed her the ca. \"Here drink. This will help.\" Sophie murmured thanks before taking a sip of the soda. \"What did your mum want?\" Claire asked. After another sip Sophie repeated the conversation she had with Angela to Charlie and Claire. \"I'm sorry that I wasn't here when she came,\" Charlie said after Sophie had finished. By the time she had finished, Sophie's soda was empty and she sounded more composed; more normal. Sophie gently squeezed his hand. \"No one knew that this would happen. Anyways she might not have been as frank with me if you were here.\" \"Frank! She told you that you that she was suffocated by you,\" Charlie stated incredulously. \"She also said that about Sophie's father as well,\" Claire reminded him. Charlie shook his head. \"I can't believe she would say that about her husband or child.\" \"I'm glad that she was so honest with me,\" Sophie said. \"Why? Don't her words bother you?\" Charlie asked. \"Yes,\" Sophie answered truthfully. \"But, I'm glad to finally know why she left.\" Charlie leaned over and kissed Sophie's cheek. She gave him a small smile in return. \"Don't let anything your mum said make you doubt yourself when it comes to being a mother,\" Claire told her. \"I know that her visit had to affect you deeper than you let on.\" \"I won't,\" Sophie said. Claire squeezed Sophie's leg affectionately. \"Good, because I know you won't let yourself make the same mistake she did.\" \"And I will always support you in any way I can so you never feel like your mum felt,\" Charlie added sincerely. Sophie placed her hand on his cheek. \"I know you will.\" ","Summary":" A/n I would like to thank WildGypsyWoman 12 for reviewing my last store. This is the third part of "},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Of Pastries, Pasta, and Happiness","Author":"Xx.WildatHeart.xX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10390388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As cooks bustled about, chatting away in their mother tongue, Sophie basked in feel of the place; the smell, the warmth, the happiness... Her eyes drifted to the corner as she twirled the hanging pasta around her fingers. She smiled warmly at the figure by the window as he stared idly down at the street. Light streamed through the glass and lit up his face, dancing on his tanned skin. He tugged at the hem of his shirt, shifting a little. Everything was different now, so different from the time she'd first visited - yet so similar. The boy twisted, glancing her way, his eyes widening slightly without the sun. He grinned at her, and she smiled back. \"Charlie,\" his grandmother called softly, smiling knowingly at the pair, \"taste this...\" He raised his eyebrows at Sophie, curious. She shrugged, laughing a little. Charlie held the small pastry in his hands, inspecting it , she thought with a smile. He'd start interrogating it, any time soon, she was sure. He bit into it and frowned. \"So...?\" his grandmother gestured impatiently. \"It's delicious,\" he shrugged, placing the pastry down and grinning at his grandmother. He strode over to Sophie, brushing the suspended pasta casually from his path. \"You know,\" she said when he reached her, his hands finding her waist. He hummed in response, tilting his head to the side. \"Victor practically danced for two minutes straight after tasting that pastry.\" She smiled, her hand resting on his tanned cheek, her fingertips twirling a short lock of blond hair. He smiled teasingly, leaning into her touch. \"If I am going to be honest, Sophie,\" he said as he rubbed circles on her waist. \"The pastry wasn't the most important thing on my mind.\" \"Oh, really?\" She raised an eyebrow teasingly. \"I thought men couldn't multi task.\" He scoffed and poked her side gently in response. She giggled. \"Still ticklish, I see?\" She rolled her eyes, trying not to giggle again. He kept brushing her side, poking a ticklish spot. \"Yeah, that hasn't changed since last night, Charlie.\" His eyes widened and he leant in, \"Shush,\" he whispered, kissing her softly. \"They'll hear.\" Sophie grinned against his lips, and hummed in response, resting her head against his neck, breathing in everything familiar and everything new. She closed her eyes, her lips pulling into a soft smile. She was so glad she'd found that letter. Without it she would have never met such an obnoxious Brit. Without it she would have never been as happy as she was to day. She was lucky, she decided, very lucky indeed. Charlie shifted slightly, turning his head to look at her. \"Your breath, it's tickling me.\" She poked him in the side. ","Summary":" As cooks bustled about, chatting away in their mother tongue, Sophie basked in feel of the place; t"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Letters to Juliet","Author":"vampsrock69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9477040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey this is my new story Letters to Juliet which was inspired by the film Letters to Juliet but this is a series of letters written by Romeo to Juliet instead of having the group of Juliet reading the letters by the people who visit Verona. I hope you like it B.T.W. in my opinion, the first letter is kind of boring it's just Romeo telling Juliet how much he loves her 3 xxx Letters to Juliet Letter 1 1st January 1541 My dear Juliet, Your eyes, your lips shine from the doors of everlasting goodness. Your hair, blonde, flows down your back like an undescribable stream of holy life. Your breathe carries the scent of the sweet vanilla pods from o'cross river and land. Travelling thousands of miles just to be near your sweet lips. Your lips of the brightest white my eyes hath lay upon. Your beautiful skin, pale and transluscent shows all evidence of veins, ribs and youth. For your beauty is my only founder of life. For since the day my hath lay upon you, a life without you is a life not worth living. For with out you in my life, i would perish and torture myself to the point of no return! I LOVE YOU JULIET! Your heart in mine... ? ","Summary":" Hey this is my new story Letters to Juliet which was inspired by the film Letters to Juliet but thi"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Quite A Day","Author":"hippogriff-tamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10087378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N This is a story I wrote for my friend h6p8gv's birthday…Happy Birthday! I know that Christmas was over a month ago but I was asked to write the story during that holiday so I apologize if it seems weird to have a Christmas story in February. I would also like to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this story for me :0)….I hope that you enjoy it…. Disclaimer: I own nothing recognizable like books, characters from the movie…, songs or places that appear in this story. The plot and any grammatical/spelling errors are mine… Christmas Eve… The air was warm and full of familiar spices I always associated with my old home as I shook off the frigid New England air. Charlie, who came in behind me, sighed happily when the door shut, leaving only warmth. \"Dad,\" I called upon entering the house. \"Up here,\" he replied from somewhere upstairs. A second after hearing my father's response, I heard what sounded like a thundering herd come lumbering down the stairs in front of me. I looked in time to see the form of a lab puppy running towards me. I smiled and kneeled to greet the golden bundle of energy. \"Hey Jasper!\" He wagged his tail ferociously which made his whole behind wriggle while I stroked his head. \"Who is this?\" Charlie asked. Upon hearing his question I remembered that I forgot to tell Charlie about my dads' new puppy. Jasper was a recent addition having been brought to his new home shortly before Thanksgiving. At my realization, I introduced Charlie to Jasper but not before the puppy heard the new voice and ran to him. Charlie leaned down and patted him on the head. Jasper licked his hand. \"Jazz seems to like you,\" my dad said. I stood at the sound of his voice. Charlie did the same. Charlie smiled. \"Labs are always so friendly. My grandmother owns one.\" \"You must be Charlie,\" Dad said stepping towards my boyfriend and holding out his hand. My father stood at six-three with brown hair and green eyes. He was wearing jeans and a gray long sleeved shirt. Charlie shook it. \"Pleasure to meet you sir.\" \"No need to be formal. Call me Max.\" He nodded in acquiescence even though he didn't think that in a situation like this it would be appropriate to call my father by his first name. Claire had brought him up to respect his elders and meeting his girlfriend's father for the first time must have made him want to use formality as a sign of respect. \"Why don't you take your coats off?\" Dad suggested. I hadn't realizes that I was still wearing mine. I unzipped it but before I could shrug out of it I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked over and saw Charlie standing close. His was the hand I felt. \"Allow me,\" he stated. I smiled at him and let him help me out of the coat. \"Where...\" I pointed to my right at a white door. \"You can hang it up in there.\" He gave a small nod acknowledging that he heard me and walked towards where I directed him. I turned back to see my father standing right in front of me. I jumped a little upon seeing how close he was. \"Sorry,\" he said apologetically. \"I haven't had the chance to greet you yet.\" He kissed my forehead. \"Hi Pumpkin.\" \"Dad,\" I groaned. \"I'm not twelve anymore.\" He just grinned bemused. \"I know.\" Charlie returned without his jacket which revealed the blue shirt and dark jeans he was wearing. He raised an eyebrow at whatever he saw on my face but remained silent. Dad clapped his hand scaring Jasper who was sitting nearby. \"So want to show Charlie the grand tour?\" He asked addressing me. I glanced at Charlie and he shrugged. Turning back to my father I nodded. As we began walking my dad told Charlie how the house was built in 1899. He was proud of that fact since he loved telling the story of the house's original owners. They were from Germany and immigrated to New York so that their children could have a better life. They built a restaurant from the ground up and their descendants still ran it today. Legend had it that one of the original family was a descendant of a pirate but no one could find any proof of that. Charlie seemed to enjoy the tale my father weaved and even I couldn't help but be swept away by it even though I've heard my father tell the story many times before. After the tale we showed Charlie the to the guest room where he placed his bag then to my room where I deposited my bag before heading into the kitchen. The last room we entered was the den where I knew a light colored couch and matching chairs sat. I saw them and a tall Christmas tree that stood near a fireplace. It was decorated with an assortment of ornaments. Most of the ornaments I recognized from past holidays. As we stepped closer I saw that the top of the tree was bare. \"I thought that you might want to put the angel on top of the tree since she's your favorite,\" Dad said when I looked at him questioningly. He was right, the angel was my favorite. She was so ethereal with shimmery wings and a gray gossamer gown. Her porcelain face sported gray-green eyes and she had such a calm expression on it that you couldn't help but smile when you saw it. In fact a smile graced my lips when I picked her up. She was in a brown box that my father handed me. He had grabbed it from wherever he was keeping it. The step ladder was already set up so I carefully stepped on it. \"Be careful Sophie,\" Charlie warned. \"Don't worry. I've done this a hundred times before.\" \"Like that hasn't been said before in a hospital,\" Charlie muttered softly. I ignored him and placed the angel on the tree and stepped down, letting my fingers trail over a few of the branches. \"See no broken bones.\" Charlie shook his head. Dad smiled. \"Charlie, my love.\" \"Yes?\" \"You worry too much.\" Dad snickered. Charlie pouted adorably. \"I do not.\" I just rolled my eyes at him and smiled. \"So Sophie told me that she was going to show you around the city so you could see New York during the holidays,\" Dad said, changing the subject. Charlie nodded probably relieved that the heat wasn't entirely on him anymore. \"We watched people skate on the ice at Rockefeller Center.\" \"And you two didn't take a jab at skating?\" \"No sir, I mean Max. I'm more of a rugby player.\" \"He played in school and was captain of his team,\" I added proudly taking his arm. \"You were that good?\" Dad asked. \"Yes,\" Charlie answered simply. \"From what Sophie has told me about you I would think the only place you'd like to get dirty is the courtroom.\" \"I hardly ever enter a courtroom.\" \"I was co-captain of my hockey team in college,\" he told my boyfriend. Charlie looked surprised. \"You played hockey?\" I knew he was surprised because my father didn't look like a typical hockey player. He was tall and lean and looked more like a basketball player. \"Yup. Thought about going into the NHL until I tore my ACL in my junior year.\" \"That must've been hard,\" Charlie said sympathetically. Dad shrugged off the sympathy. He didn't want people feeling sorry for him. \"It was rough but I muddled through.\" \"I also took Charlie to Radio City Music Hall,\" I said after a couple minutes of silence. \"To the Rockettes?\" Charlie and I both nodded. \"How were they?\" Dad inquired. I looked to Charlie to see his expression. He hadn't been thrilled with going but he knew I wanted to see them. I also wanted show him some new experiences; experiences that he couldn't get in London. His face didn't give away anything. \"They were good but not as good as when we used to go with Mom,\" I answered. Charlie looked confused. \"Dad, Mom and I used to head into the city and see the show every year before she left,\" I explained to him. A knock sounded at the front door before another word was uttered and Jasper barked. Dad scooped him into his arms as he headed to the door. Charlie and I followed behind him. Jasper was wriggling and Dad had to use both hands to hold him so I opened the door. Two women and two men stood on the porch. Each looked like they had just stepped out of a Dickens novel with the women in mauve dresses and bonnets and the men in gray pants, long coat and top hat. One man had a red vest under his coat and the other had a green vest. They were all smiling as they began singing \"We Wish you a Merry Christmas\". As the Carolers sang I saw Jasper squirming in my father's arms. Near the end of the song Dad must've loosened his hold for Jasper got free and jumped to the floor before running outside. \"Jasper!\" I cried dashing outside after him. I hoped that I could reach him before he got to the road. He was just a puppy and didn't know he could be injured if a car hit him. I heard Charlie yell \"Sophie!\" behind me but couldn't stop until Jasper was safe. He neared the edge of the yard by the time I caught up to him. I scooped the puppy up into my arms just as a car whipped by the house. \"Bad boy,\" I admonished him. He licked my face. Charlie came to a stop breathing heavily. \"Sophie! Thank heavens you stopped!\" \"I had to catch Jasper before he got too far,\" I said motioning with my chin at the road. \"But you didn't need to dash out of the house like a mad woman.\" I looked at Jasper and myself to assess any injuries. Seeing none I said, \"No harm, no foul.\" \"We should probably go back inside,\" Charlie said rubbing his arms. \"It's freezing.\" I agreed with him especially since Jasper was starting to squirm a little again and I didn't want to risk him getting away from me. Charlie let me lead the way back to the house. After a few steps something cold and wet hit my cheek. I stopped and looked at the sky. \"It's snowing!\" Charlie smiled at me. \"What?\" I asked surprised that he wasn't reiterating that we should get inside. He didn't answer; just continued to stare at me with a smile. As a few more snowflakes hit me I had a thought. I tilted my head back and opened my mouth, letting my tongue hang out. A couple of flakes landed on my tongue and immediately melted. \"What are you doing?\" Charlie asked me. I closed my mouth and turned to him. \"Haven't you ever caught snowflakes on your tongue before?\" He shrugged. \"Maybe when I was a child.\" \"Well, it's about time you do it again.\" Charlie shook his head but tilted his head. I watched him for a minute before doing the same. I'm not sure how much time went by but soon Charlie said my name trying to get my attention. I closed my mouth and faced him. He was looking at me with an expression of wonderment. He didn't say anything just stepped closer until we were merely inches apart. Mindful of Jasper still in my arms, he kissed me. His lips were gentle and warm as his cool hand came to rest on my cheek. With his other hand he made swirling patterns on my hip using his fingers; patterns that made me moan in pleasure, making me forget that we were even outside. I wanted to touch him back but my hands were encumbered by a puppy, a puppy that squirmed a little before licking my chin which in turn made me break the kiss. I smiled apologetically at Charlie and glanced at the snow falling around us then at Jasper. \"We should get him in before he runs off again.\" Charlie agreed. We made quick time getting inside and I let Jasper go. He ran towards the kitchen. The warmth somewhat soothed the chill from being outside but not all. My clothes were damp. Without preamble Charlie wrapped me in his arms. \"Hmm this feels nice,\" I muttered against his shirt. It always felt nice being in his arms. They were always so strong and sure. He kissed the top of my head. \"You're still cold.\" \"So are you.\" His clothes were almost as wet as mine. He pulled away slightly. \"Perhaps we should get out of these wet clothes.\" \"You're right.\" \"That'd be a first,\" he murmured. I didn't respond as I took the stairs with Charlie following. We parted at my old bedroom door where I was staying while he went to the guest room. My room looked the same as it had when I was a teenager with floral wallpaper and light pink carpet. A four poster bed sat to one wall with a purple comforter and a dark brown bureau stood next to the other wall. The bureau and bed matched. A bookshelf sat against another wall filled with mostly classics like Shakespeare, Jane Eyre, Wuthering Heights, and Jane Austen. I left my door ajar as I went to my bag and took out a dry pair of jeans and raspberry colored sweatshirt. As I placed them on the bed a soft melody entered my conscience. \"Oh silent night. Holy night. All is calm, all is bright. Come yon virgin mother and child. Holy infant so tender and mild,\" I started, heeding to the compelling urge to sing. Before I sang anymore, I heard a noise and I turned to find Charlie gazing at me from the doorway. His expression was one of shock and awe. The shock I could understand. I had never sang a note in front of him before. I used to sing a bit when I was younger but I never thought much of my voice so singing only happens once in a while. The awe I saw on his face confused me. \"Sophie,\" he said softly almost reverently. I shrugged knowing what he was going to ask. \"I used to sing in children's choir at church.\" He walked over to me and glided his fingers down my arm to my elbow. He gently pulled me to him and places his lips on mine. My free hand went to hair, allowing me to rub my fingers through the soft strands. At the feel of my fingers, Charlie's hands found their way to my back, pulling me closer to him. This whole reaction from him took me by surprise that I gasped. My reaction only spurned Charlie into deepening the kiss by plundering his tongue into my mouth. When his tongue tangled with mine my mind became muddled and I pressed myself closer to him. One arm moved so that his hand twisted in my hair. \"I'm not complaining but what was that for?\" I asked once we parted for air. We were still touching with my hand on his shoulder for support and his cupping my cheek. \"A mellifluous voice lured me to your room. When I reached your door I saw that the voice was coming from you and you looked so beautiful that I had the sudden urge to kiss these lips,\" he said caressing my lips with his thumb. From the dark look in his eyes I could tell that he wanted to kiss me again. I backed away. It's not that I didn't enjoy kissing him, it's just that if we started kissing again we would become distracted and we were in my father's house so that didn't seem like a good idea especially with my dad being downstairs. Charlie seemed to understand what I was thinking as he watched my face. He always said that he could sense what I was thinking just by looking into my eyes. \"We really should get out of these wet clothes,\" I said before realizing what I was insinuating. Charlie grinned mischievously as he looked from me to the bed. \"Yes we should.\" \"I didn't me it that way!\" His grin became wider. \"I know but that would be a fun way to go about it.\" I couldn't help but smile. This part of Charlie was a new development that he had only shown to me in the past couple of months since we began dating. At first, he was the perfect gentleman, well he still was a gentleman most of the time, but since we had begun seriously talking about moving in together he was showing a more playful side to me. I enjoyed seeing him like this. \"It would,\" I agreed, \"but I was thinking more along the lines of taking a hot shower.\" \"We could take one together,\" he suggested. \"Charlie!\" I squeaked then slapped my hand over my mouth for fear that my dad would have heard. He was amused by my reaction as he pulled my hand away from my mouth. Rubbing circles across my knuckles he set about persuading me that showering together had its merits. Xxx After a lot of coaxing using lips, tongues, and hands, Charlie finally persuaded me to take him up on his suggestion. I reminded him several times that we needed to be quiet and quick. Fifty five minutes later I was dressing in dry clothing after having exhausted the hot water. The cold water brought our passion for each other back under control and Charlie had returned to the guest room to get dressed. I was surprised that my father wasn't beating on the door wondering what had become of us. Once done, I entered the hallway to find Charlie waiting for me. I couldn't help but bite my lip at his smug expression. I walked over to him and kissed him. \"You better wipe that smug look off your face before we go downstairs.\" He rubbed his jaw until he had a grin which I couldn't deny held some amusement to it. \"Better?\" \"Better. Now you don't look like you were taking advantage of me.\" He raised an eyebrow at that. \"I seem to recall you not complaining too much about what we were doing.\" \"Well, you can be pretty persuasive especially with that tongue of yours.\" \"Oh, I can, can I?\" he asked moving closer. I pushed him away. \"We should get downstairs before my father sees us doing something he won't want to ever see his daughter doing.\" \"I can take Max,\" Charlie said confidently. \"Not when he gets the axe we have out back.\" \"Okay, we go downstairs,\" he said. I chuckled at his reply and gave him a quick peck on the lips before heading in the direction of the stairs. Voices coming from the direction of the kitchen could be heard when I stepped into the hall with Charlie following behind. One voice belonged to my father, the other was feminine. \"Who's that?\" he asked referring to the voice not belonging to my father. I swiveled my head so I could see him. \"Sounds like Rose. She's a family friend.\" We walked into the kitchen to find my father and Rose sitting at the kitchen isle. She was a plump woman with brown hair and eyes. She wore dark pants and a green shirt. They both turned when they heard us. \"Ah, there they are,\" Dad said upon seeing us. The tone of his voice and words had me wondering if he knew or suspected what had happened between Charlie and me. \"Hi, honey,\" Rose said as she came to hug me in greeting. \"Rose, I'd like to introduce you to Charlie,\" I said moving so she could see him properly. \"Ma'am,\" Charlie said in greeting. \"My you have good manners,\" she stated approvingly. \"But please just call me Rose.\" He nodded in acquiescence. \"So you're the Charlie that's stolen Sophie's heart.\" \"I didn't steal anything. She gave it to me as I gave her mine.\" Rose smiled at him and I wondered if I was rubbing off on him. He never usually said anything like that. Dad just shook his head. He probably thought that sounded corny. \"You sound just like Jack,\" Rose told him. \"Jack?\" Charlie asked her. \"My husband.\" \"You're Rose and he's Jack?\" \"I know just like in the movie Titanic but we've never been on a boat,\" she answered. \"Rose is a wonderful cook,\" Dad said interjecting himself into the conversation. \"In fact she brought us gingerbread cookies, pecan pie and pumpkin pie.\" Rose looked bashful. She always did when someone praised her. I unsuccessfully suppressed a groan when my dad's eyes twinkled on the word pumpkin. Charlie placed his hand on my arm. \"Are you okay?\" I nodded. \"She dislikes the word pumpkin because that's what I've called her since she was twelve. That Halloween her friend ran her bike right into our jack-o-lantern. The wheel of the bike smashed the pumpkin and Sophie, who was sitting nearby, was covered in pumpkin pieces,\" Dad explained. \"Since then he's always like to think of me as his pumpkin,\" I added unhappily. \"Did he call you that earlier, when we first got here?\" \"Yes,\" I said, answering Charlie's question. \"That's why you had that odd face when I came back from putting our coats away!\" My face tinged pink in embarrassment. \"Yes.\" I don't think anyone knew what to say next so I decided to change the subject. \"You said there's gingerbread cookies?\" Dad nodded. I went over to the kitchen isle where the bag of cookies lay and opened it. Immediately my senses were assaulted with the smell of cinnamon and ginger. It was heavenly. I plucked a cookie out of the bag and bit into it, letting my eyes close as I savored its sweet and spicy taste. When I opened them, I saw everyone watching me. Rose looked pleased that I was enjoying what she made, Dad seemed amused, and Charlie….Charlie looked like he wanted to kiss me. I licked my lips and his eyes followed my tongue. He stepped closer and leaned towards me, brushing his lips swiftly across mine. He lingered for a moment a breaths away before moving back. \"There was a crumb,\" he whispered to my questioning gaze. \"Oh,\" was all I could manage since his eyes still held me captive preventing any further response. I managed to finally pull away when there was a soft cough. I stepped away from Charlie and glanced over to see Rose smiling widely at us. My cheeks reddened as I turned to my father. He appeared sad for some reason. When he noticed me watching him he shook off the sadness. \"I baked that batch of cookies especially for you. I know that they are your favorite,\" Rose stated. \"Thanks,\" I told her. I held the bag up so that everyone could see it. \"Anyone want one?\" Charlie licked his lip and reached into the bag. \"I'll take one.\" He made quick work of eating the cookie leaving crumbs around his mouth-intentionally I was sure. Using my thumb, I swiped the crumbs away. I could've gone in for a kiss like he had but we had an audience. I did kiss the palm of his hand when he cupped my cheek though. I felt Jasper moving around my feet trying to catch any falling pieces. I glanced down and saw him snag a decent sized piece. Charlie hadn't dropped it so I must have without realizing that I did. I decided it might be prudent to shift the direction of things before Rose and Dad saw something they didn't need to see. \"Do you need any help with dinner?\" \"No that's alright. The pot pies are already in the oven,\" Dad answered. Dad was referring to the chicken pot pies. I moved my gaze to the oven where indeed they were in the oven. I was surprised that I hadn't smelled them before now but my mind had been otherwise occupied. \"Why don't you and Charlie take Rose into the living room? You can sit down and talk more and I'll meet you there in a few minutes,\" Dad suggested to me. \"Okay.\" Rose, Charlie and I left the kitchen and headed to the living room. At the entryway I paused to turn on the lights on the tree. It was dark outside so the different bulbs lit up the room with multicolored hues. I left the room with just those lights on for a few minutes admiring everything especially the angel atop the tree. She really looked unearthly with a halo of lights beneath her. Knowing that we needed more lights if we were to talk, I went to turn on the lamp by the couch. Charlie strode up to me and took me off guard by angling his lips over mine. I was caught off guard so it took me a few seconds longer than it would normally take for me to kiss him back. I gave him a questioning look after he pulled away. \"Look up,\" he said in answer to my expression. I did. Mistletoe hung right above me. \"Oh. Where did that come from? It wasn't there earlier.\" \"I brought it,\" Rose answered, her eyes bright with humor. \"You can't have Christmas without it.\" \"No you can't,\" Charlie agreed. He squeezed my hand gently before sitting down on the couch. I sat down beside him while Rose took one of the chairs. I entwined my fingers through Charlie's. \"You two look really happy together,\" Rose said after a moment. I smiled as I glanced at Charlie then Rose. \"We are.\" \"And you'll be moving in together soon?\" I nodded. \"In a few months.\" I heard a loud bang coming from the kitchen. I moved to stand but Rose just motioned me to stay. \"Don't worry. Max is just not sure what to think about you moving across the Atlantic.\" \"I know.\" My words came out as a sigh. \"He's just worried that I'll regret going.\" I turned to Charlie. He had a stoic expression. Squeezing his hand I added, \"I know what I'm doing though I will miss everyone here.\" His face softened at my words. Rose smiled sadly. \"Same here honey.\" \"So, Rose, Sophie tells me that you own a bakery.\" I was grateful that Charlie changed the subject before things got really sad or worse. I think he could tell since he rubbed his thumb over my knuckles soothingly. \"Yes! It's called Justina's after my mother. She taught me everything I know about baking.\" \"Your mom was a wonderful cook,\" Dad said coming into the room and sinking into the other chair. \"You knew her mom?\" Charlie asked me. \"Justina and Rose have been helping us since my mom left. I learned how to cook from them.\" Charlie had tasted some of my meals. \"They taught you well.\" Rose chuckled. \"Didn't I tell you my mom always say that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach?\" I laughed. \"Many times.\" \"The building that the bakery is housed in was built in the nineteen-twenties and it's rumored that there are still secret rooms in the basement where alcohol was kept during the Prohibition,\" Dad stated. Rose turned her attention to Dad. \"I haven't found any yet and the bakery has been opened for ten years.\" \"I loves old houses and buildings, have since I was a kid. That interest is what probably led me to become a history teacher,\" he told Charlie. \"You should come to London Max. The city is full of old houses and buildings.\" \"I went to Paris once but never been to London before.\" \"It's a wonderful city.\" \"Maybe someday.\" I stifled a smile. At this very moment, upstairs, a plane ticket to London sat in my bag. I had bought it for my dad to use so he could visit after I moved there. He just didn't know it yet. Rose stayed for a little while longer as we continued to talk. After she had left, I helped Dad with dinner and Charlie set the plates. Dad and I usually ate then watched Miracle On 42 nd Street. Charlie had never seen the movie before so it was entertaining watching his reactions to it. Xxx As midnight neared I excused myself and headed upstairs. The presents I had brought for my father, Charlie, and Jasper were still in the bag in my room. Footsteps sounded behind me, I knew it was Charlie. He was doing the same thing as me. I might have seemed strange that he and I would bring presents for the other to my father's house when we'd just have to take them back with us when we left but Charlie had been insistent that we do our gift exchange here. Since I already thought it to be a good idea, I agreed though his insistence puzzled me. Usually when we opened presents Dad and I would be in our pajamas but I didn't know if it would be awkward with Charlie being here this year. Charlie had seen me in pajamas before but my dad might not like that he had- not with Charlie and I being together only six months. Yet when I got up to go to my room my father explicitly told me to go put something comfortable on. I was sure he told Charlie the same. So I quickly changed into a long sleeved red t-shirt and pajama pants. I grabbed the bag containing the presents and headed out of the room. \"It's a good thing you didn't start singing like you did earlier or your father would be wondering what was taking us so long.\" I shook my head at Charlie. He was standing in the hall holding his own bag wearing green pajama pants and gray shirt. \"You really like my singing that much?\" He raised an eyebrow. \"Want to sing something and find out?\" \"No! Not when Dad is expecting us.\" \"So does that mean you want to later?\" \"Come on Dad's waiting and there's gifts to open.\" He chuckled but said nothing as he took the bag I was holding and started downstairs. I didn't know what had come over him. He really was incorrigible tonight. I stood there for a moment in compilation before following him. When I entered the living room Charlie had already taken out all of the wrapped gifts and placed them around the tree. Dad was standing nearby in navy sweatpants and white long sleeved t-shirt. \"Sophie,\" he said. Jasper came over when he saw me and I bent down to pet him. He looked at me with what I thought was a doggy smile and went over to the tree. Charlie, who was sitting on the couch, glanced at me when my father spoke. \"Is everything ready?\" I asked. Charlie nodded as my father said, \"We were just waiting for you.\" I smiled as I sat next to Charlie. Dad usually handed out the gifts and this year was no different. He started with Jasper who was sniffing a small box wrapped in silver paper, my gift to him. It was a rawhide bone. Dad helped him unwrap it and Jasper eagerly started gnawing on it. Since Charlie was a guest he was handed a green rectangular bag next. He pulled out a bottle of red wine, a favorite of his. \"Thanks, Max,\" he said looking up at my father. \"Well Sophie said you like that kind of wine and...\" Charlie laughed. Dad frowned. \"What's so funny?\" \"Open that gold rectangular bag,\" Charlie said in answer. He picked up the bag and smiled as he pulled out a bottle of white wine. \"Well, it seems we think alike when it comes to gifts now doesn't it?\" \"It does,\" Charlie agreed. Dad probably didn't know how to respond to Charlie so he just said, \"Okay Sophie's next\" as he placed a medium sized box covered in Santa paper on the table in front of me. I took it and eased the paper off of it to find a brown box. Opening the box, I took out a snow globe. Inside there was a couple skating in Rockefeller Center. \"It's so beautiful!\" I said shaking it so snow fell around the figures. \"I figured you would like it since the one you had just like it broke,\" Dad stated, his voice a bit gruff with emotion. I knew by his voice that he was happy that I liked it. \"I do. Thank you.\" \"When you move you can take it with you to remind you of the city.\" His voice grew sad as he spoke. I put the globe down and got up to hug him. \"Thank you,\" I whispered in his ear. He nodded and squeezed my shoulder. \"All right. Now who's next?\" \"You are,\" I answered before walking over to the tree and grabbing a white envelope and handing it to him. He ripped it open and his eyes widened in surprise. \"Tickets to London! But this must have cost a fortune!\" \"I have some money saved and I want you to be able to visit once I get settled in.\" \"But you should save your money,\" he argued. I shook my head. \"I can make more money but once I am in London I won't see you that often.\" He looked at set lines in my face knowing that no argument would sway me in giving him this gift. Sighing in defeat he said, \"Okay, thank you.\" \"Good,\" I said. \"Now it's Charlie's turn again.\" \"Sophie, you didn't need to get me anything.\" \"It's Christmas. Of course I did,\" I told him before giving him a square package. He unwrapped it and turned to me. \"You drew this?\" I nodded. I had drawn the Italian countryside near Lorenzo's villa and framed it for him. \"You are full of surprises today. First with singing now drawing.\" \"Sophie sang?\" my father asked. I blushed. \"Yeah earlier while I was changing.\" \"She has a lovely voice,\" Charlie stated. My dad started to speak but I stopped him by asking my boyfriend, \"So do you like it?\" Charlie nodded, his eyes conveying that he liked it a lot. I turned away from him and saw a small white box with my name on it. I grabbed it and went to sit down besides Charlie again. \"That's my gift to you,\" Charlie said quietly. It looked like it might contain jewelry but when I lifted the lid I saw a silver key. I arched an eyebrow at him. \"It's to your new home,\" Charlie stated. I was stunned but touched by his gift. I leaned over and gave him a kiss. My father cleared his throat and I looked to him. \"Sophie can I speak to you in the kitchen for a moment?\" \"Sure.\" I gave Charlie a peck on the cheek before following my father. Once in the kitchen Dad put both of his hands on my shoulders. \"Are you sure about moving to London? I know Charlie seems like a nice guy but are you really ready to move your life for him?\" \"I love him Dad and he loves me and if by chance things don't work out-not saying that will happen-but if it does I can always come back.\" \"You will always be welcome here but I'll miss you pumpkin.\" This time I didn't cringe or moan at the nickname. \"I know. I'll miss you too but I can take care of myself. I'm no damsel in distress.\" He chuckled at that. \"No you aren't and I can see that you two love each other. It just makes me sad that I'm losing my girl.\" \"You aren't losing me.\" He smiled sadly. \"I am not going to be able to convince you not to go am I?\" \"No.\" \"Well, then let's go back shall we? Before Charlie thinks I kidnapped you.\" I smiled at him as we walked back to the living room. Dad went over to unwrap the rest of Jasper's gifts for him. Charlie walked up to me and wrapped his arm around my waist, drawing me to him. \"Is everything okay?\" \"Yes.\" I said laying my head on his shoulder. \"This has been quite a day hasn't it?\" \"It has.\" The clocked chimed midnight. \"Merry Christmas Sophie.\" \"Merry Christmas.\" ","Summary":" A/N This is a story I wrote for my friend h6p8gv's birthday…Happy Birthday! I know that Christmas w"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Calls to Sandyrella","Author":"PLMBseEnglish21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8961024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Calls to Sandyrella A/N: Hello! We're new to writing fanfiction, so please, we welcome any constructive criticism, but no flames! We appreciate any help to improve our writing. Disclaimer: We don't own the movie \"Letters to Juliet.\" We're just two simple college students trying their hand at fanfiction. In the land where people are so busy with their jobs, there was a woman who stood up in the line named Sandra, a famous radio host. People in the country tuned in her station whenever the clock strikes 9 pm. It may be kind a late but these people make ways of staying up their endurance, only for DJ Sandy. Sandy chose the 9 pm to 12 midnight slot, so she could make justice when bidding \"Time's up for Sandyrella's ( Cinderella ) stories\" when ending her night's program. Sandra Mariet Corpuz or much known as DJ Sandy all over town, she has been recognized by the people as the daughter of the well-known former Vice President Ernest Corpuz who died with much recognition on his great works and heroic deeds for the country. He was an actor and director, who eventually entered politics, following his father's footsteps. Everyone gets extra fond of him because of how he made sweet surprises for his wife Marieta, a former policewoman. Some of these surprises like when the Hollywood singer/songwriter Michael Buble serenades Marieta as requested by Ernest and a billboard of \"Sorry, I was late last night, my Darling Marieta\" in EDSA that were reported in news that time. He was a sweet loving husband, father and a leader until he was shot and killed during election. Sandy with inherited good looks, talent and fame; she is offered with big opportunities for showbiz industry, but then she rather chose to stay in radio station. She accepts calls of people sharing their love stories and heart problems. Indeed, she is the first ever radio personality who is very much famous in the town. Sandy is about to take a 2-month leave for a vacation in Paris with her fiancée Cedric and to attend the wedding of the latter's cousin. She waited for this break so she could spend some quality time with her boyfriend who also been busy in his restaurant. And today is her last day for work excitedly, she answered the last call. It is an old lady on the line naming herself Brenda Suarez, the woman told her sad love story about how she grew apart to Lucho, her one true love and then been married to other man. She has searched Lucho after years of separation from her husband who had an illicit affair then abandoned her and their child. It's been almost 50 years of searching. They spent 2 days now, Sandy is viewing the strange but very beautiful scheme of Paris from the 20th floor of a hotel. She tried to give concentration to what she sees but she can't help to be occupied of thoughts about Brenda Suarez, the last caller she talked to before leaving her work. It's funny to sympathize badly as if she was Brenda. Sandy made a quick twitch when Cedric surrounds her belly. She was surprised, not noticing he is already behind her. He was outside the suite talking to his phone about matters in his business. And now he's asking her to prepare herself so they could eat breakfast in one of some near prestige café, with a little hurry in his voice. Sandy's calling Cedric when she went outside the room, but it seems nobody's around except for her. Until she check her phone and reads his text message \" I tried to wait. I knocked your door but you're not responding. I'm meeting my business partner. We'll talk to a clientele and he needs me now. Just call room service okay? Be home before lunch. Love you.\" Because she's in all get-up so she decides to eat outside in her own. In basement, an old woman walking in front of her has fainted in her arms. She's completely alarmed when a tall guy come rushing towards them. The time stopped watching him. He is ultimately handsome as if he is one of some Greek gods mesmerizing her. Sandy is in the hospital, she had no choice. Cedric texted her this noon that he'll be coming home late night and she tried to call him but his phone is busy. He is such a big disappointment, she whispered. And now she's with Nathaniel Tolentino waiting for his grandmother to wake up. \"Brenda has cancer. I did not know she went out of the room, again, to find her Lucho\", Nathan said. Sandy is so surprised hearing the names Brenda and Lucho. \"Is her full name's Brenda Suarez? And she's 68?\", she asked. Nathan is amazed. She told her that she is DJ Sandy. \"Can I help you find him?\", Sandy asked Grand Brenda now who's already awake and telling stories about Lucho. Grand Brenda is so surprised making a big glad smile but taking it back again asking \"But I will spoil your vacation with your fiancée?\". Sandy with irritated expression remembering Cedric replied \"He's happy with his own vacation. I'm afraid I was the one spoiling his. I think it's more fun being with you.\" Grand Brenda is so glad. Of all the people, it was her favorite DJ who will help them. Grand Brenda is travelling with Nathan and Sandy. Her cancer is stage 2 but the doctor let her to travel, as long as she'll take her medication on time and she must return within 5 days. Sandy is thinking deeply, surprised how Cedric easily let her to go without asking who she will be with. He looks little worried and she knows he wants to argue furthermore but then his phone rings again. And after that, he gave his consent for he will also be busy for few days and he doesn't want to bring her with him. They were searching for over 4 days but still no traces of Lucho Sandiego. They should be a bit weary but their trip is always enjoyable and exciting. They make fun and laughter out of disappointments. Sandy felt closer to Nathan. She finds him gentleman, kind, funny and caring. She learned how great his support is for his lonely grandmother. He has a work but had a leave for it in 5 months now just to accompany Brenda. That night, they were talking of things about each other, then of petty funny things while star-gazing, when he kissed her. She kissed him back but Cedric appears to her mind. Lucho and Brenda finally see each other. He is located from far away farm. His wife died 20 years ago. The two look so happy being together like young sweethearts. Lucho asked his sons to prepare for a big celebration. In the middle of the party, Lucho stands and gets everybody's attention. And down to his knees, he asked Brenda to marry him with the ring he has kept for a very long time only for her. And this is the time, Sandy has to go. She's hurt seeing Nathan's lonely eyes and heavy heart. Cedric surprised her a sweet dinner date. \"I'm so sorry I was so busy these past few days, Babe. I don't even want to because I hate losing a sight on you, but can't help it for problems came by. I'm surprised it would be this hard but still I'm so glad\", Cedric seriously says but it seems he is reciting a poem with his pleasing eyes. Sandra who is puzzled about what Cedric is talking about just kept her silence. Violin is playing the song On this Day by David Pomeranz when Cedric kneel down and continued, \"It was not business. I actually arranged our wedding. The ones I am meeting were our families and friends helping me throughout…. My one true love, are you ready to be mine? All is set and just say the day you want and you shall be my wife.\" Sandy can't explain what she feels. Then she remembered telling him how she greatly admired Paris. But anyway, she did not say she wanted to be married here for she knows how hard and costly it would be. For so much overwhelming she cried answering, \"Are you free tomorrow?\" Sandy's make-up artists just went outside for a moment when Nathan came inside her room and said \"You can't marry him Sandy! I love you so much and I know you feel the same way.\" They were arguing aloud when Cedric's sister came inside intrigued with the noise. \"Nathan?\", she exclaimed. Sandy is shocked asking how she knows Nathan. \"He was Kuya 's best friend in high school. What are you doing here Nate? How are your wife and your kids? \"- - pointed out because she sensed what Nathan is here for. \"You have family?!\", Sandy asked him. Nathan is been speechless for a while. \"He's here for vengeance\", her sister-in-law said. Nathan can't help but to tell the truth, \"Yes, I admit. I am a family man but soon to be no more. Annulment was filed. Vengeance? Yes. But I changed plans. I can't hurt you, Sandy. I learned to love you, believe me!\" Sandy just asked why. \"Cedric and I have always been into competition. My greatest crush in high school fell in love instead to him, and now to our businesses. My father is so disappointed to me being a loser from Cedric. I was forced to cause him hurt, too.. through you. I'm sorry\". Sandy just smile and said, \"You're forgiven, so leave us alone. You are distracting my wedding with Great Cedric who never loses\". Nathan pleaded so hard to her and then guards entered and seized him out. Sandy's sister-in-law who is been a good friend to her said, \"You have a lot of stories to tell. Anyway, do you want Nathan?\". But Sandy just answered NO. Then she asked again, \"The truth?\". Sandy smiling now answers, \"Okay, almost. But no, I swear to you.\" Sandy began to feel sad remembering his father that for her, was very truthful man and made every heart warmed with his sweet surprises. Notes to our Professor: Ma'am, this was written by the pair of Janine Burce and Fehanah Fernandez. ","Summary":" Calls to Sandyrella A/N: Hello! We're new to writing fanfiction, so please, we welcome any construc"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"An Expected Visitor","Author":"H6p8gv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8574859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n I would like to thank WildGypsyWoman 12 and little fairy maden for reviewing my last store. This is the final part of a four part saga of stories I would like to thank my good pal hippogriff-tamer for her help with this story Sophie picked up a white pacifier from the coffee table, an old wooden chest, as she heard the front door open and close. She was adding it to a small box along with a stuffed panda bear and blanket when she looked up to see Charlie walking into the room followed by her father, Gordon. They were both wearing jeans. Charlie had on a long sleeved navy blue shirt while Gordon wore a long sleeved green button up shirt. \"Hi,\" she said smoothing her purple sweater on top of her own pair of jeans before going over to Charlie and kissing his cheek. \"Hey, Sophie,\" he returned. He glanced past her, noticing the box. \"Didn't you already tidy this room up earlier?\" \"I did, but I didn't get everything,\" she answered before heading over to Gordon and after greeting him giving him a hug in welcome. \"So you greet your fiancé before your own father,\" he said drawing back from her. She smiled knowing that he was just teasing her. \"I missed you, Daddy.\" \"I missed you too, sweetheart,\" he murmured, kissing her forehead. \"How was your flight?\" \"It was fine. Now where's my granddaughter?\" he asked looking around the room. Sophie followed his gaze, stopping briefly on the baby monitor that was set up on the table next to the couch. \"Teresa's napping.\" Gordon frowned. \"Can I see her?\" Sophie nodded before motioning for her father to follow her upstairs. \"I'll take your things to your room,\" Charlie said to Gordon as Sophie and Gordon headed to the stairs. They entered the nursery which was decorated with a white crib, changing table, small desk with drawers for clothes, and a wooden rocking chair. A stuffed tiger sat in the rocking chair and a medium sized giraffe stood besides it. Sophie picked up a pink bootie from the ground as Gordon went straight to the crib. She placed the bootie on the nearby changing table and followed her father. Sophie smiled when she saw Teresa awake. Teresa was moving her pink onesie clothed arms and legs, grazing the gray elephant that Charlie had placed into her crib earlier. \"Did you just wake up?\" Sophie cooed to her daughter. Teresa smiled at the sound of Sophie's voice. Sophie stretched her hands out to pick her up but Gordon put his hand on her arm to stop her. \"I'd like to hold her,\" he told Sophie. Sophie nodded and moved as her father moved to pick her up. \"Be careful. Watch her head,\" Sophie told him as his hands disappeared under Teresa's back. Gordon scowled then gave her a soft smile to show her that he wasn't mad, just annoyed at her warning. \"I think I can remember how to hold a baby.\" He picked Teresa up supporting her head in his left hand demonstrating to Sophie that he did remember. \"Okay so you do remember,\" Sophie acknowledged. \"She has such clear blue eyes,\" Gordon noted. Sophie smiled. \"She has her father's eyes.\" \"I wonder if they will change color when she ages,\" Gordon wondered. Teresa curled her fingers around his right index finger as he spoke. It had been close to her fingers. Sophie shrugged. \"They could. Weren't my eyes blue when I was first born?\" Gordon nodded. He was going to speak when Teresa started crying. He looked up at Sophie with a concerned expression. \"That's her hunger cry,\" Sophie said answering his unspoken concern. \"You ca distinguish her cries already? She's only a week old.\" Sophie sighed. \"One learns quickly with a newborn.\" Gordon nodded knowingly. \"Go sit and I'll be back with the bottle,\" she told him pointing to the rocking chair. \"May I feed her?\" he asked before she turned around. Sophie nodded and left. When she returned Gordon was sitting in the rocking chair after having removed the stuffed animals to the floor. Teresa had quieted down a bit because of the rocking motion but she was still fussy. Gordon looked up at Sophie. \"That was quick.\" \"Charlie heard us over the baby monitor downstairs and began heating up the milk before I even made it into the kitchen,\" Sophie said handing Gordon the bottle. He took it and deftly started feeding Teresa. She smiled approvingly. \"I see you remember that too.\" \"I did help out with you when you were a baby.\" They were both quiet for a few minutes as Teresa drank. \"Don't listen to him Sophie. He told me in the car earlier that he asked his neighbor, the one that baby sits her grandchildren, for tips before coming here,\" Charlie said from where he was standing in the door. \"Charlie…\" Gordon began. Sophie looked from Charlie to her father. Gordon's cheeks were tinged with pink from embarrassment. She looked back at Charlie. \"He didn't want me to say anything to you,\" Charlie continued in explanation. \"You mean Mrs. Davenport?\" Sophie asked her father. Gordon nodded. \"Gloria was very helpful but I did help out when you were a baby. That wasn't a lie.\" \"I know Daddy.\" Gordon cleared his throat. \"So, Charlie here tells me that his grandmother, Claire, has been around helping you out since you brought Teresa home.\" \"Yeah, she's been great,\" Sophie said. \"I'm glad that you've had someone who can answer questions, give you advice since you don't have your mother,\" her father told her. Teresa stretched and Gordon gazed back to her. The infant's eyes were drooping. Charlie took the empty bottle from Gordon and left. Sophie rose and gently picked Teresa up out of her father's arms and placed her back in the crib. The infant stretched and quickly fell asleep. Together Sophie and Gordon quietly headed downstairs. \"Mom came to visit me while I was in the hospital,\" Sophie said once they were sitting on couch in the living room. \"What?!\" Gordon exclaimed a little too loudly. \"Shhh...\" Sophie and Charlie said in tandem. Gordon put a hand to his mouth as soft cries were heard on the baby monitor. \" Charlie sighed. \"I'll go.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Gordon said as Charlie left the room. Sophie gave him a small smile to show him that she wasn't angry. Over the baby monitor they could hear Charlie murmuring soothing words to Teresa so she'd fall back to sleep. \"What did your mom say?\" Gordon asked once they sat down; Sophie on the brown couch, Gordon in the adjacent matching chair. Sophie recounted the conversation with her mother to him. \"I always thought that she left because she didn't love me anymore,\" Gordon said quietly. Sophie shook her head. \"That wouldn't have explained why she left me .\" Steps were heard on the stairs alerting Sophie and Gordon that Charlie was coming. He joined them a few minutes later, placing three glasses of lemonade on the coffee table. \"She's asleep,\" Charlie told them sitting next to Sophie. \"But we need to be quiet so she doesn't wake up again.\" When Charlie said this he was looking straight at Gordon. Gordon gave him an apologetic nod before sipping his drink. \"Thanks for the lemonade.\" \"You're welcome. I thought that you might be thirsty after the long flight.\" Sophie looked down embarrassed that she hadn't thought to ask her father if he was thirsty. When she looked up at him, he just grinned. \"I think in her way she did love you,\" Gordon stated returning to the original conversation. \"She did love you. I'm sure of it.\" \"So what was her dream? She never did elaborate on what it was when she spoke to Sophie,\" Charlie asked. \"She was a singer/songwriter though she loved songwriting more,\" Gordon answered. \"Really?\" Sophie said, surprised. Gordon nodded. \"Your mother was always creative. That's where you get it from; but she was creative musically while you became a talented writer.\" \"I don't remember ever hearing her sing,\" Sophie admitted. \"You were nine and it's been over ten years since you've last seen Angela,\" Gordon told her. Sophie nodded. \"But why would she come to see me now?\" \"I don't know. Angela was fun, confident, and creative. Those are some of the reasons that I fell in love with her. Yet, she sought recognition and fame.\" \"Which is why she left,\" Sophie murmured sadly. Gordon nodded sorrowfully while Charlie gently squeezed her hand in solace. \"Well, Sophie, you have become a well known writer,\" Charlie stated. Sophie drank some lemonade from her glass as she thought about that. \"That's true. But do you really think that's why she came-to bask in my glory?\" Gordon shrugged. \"I don't think the Angela we knew would've but she could have changed since then.\" \"People can change and not always for the better,\" Sophie conceded. Gordon put a hand on her leg. \"Sweetie, don't let your mom's visit get you down. You are an amazing person and an amazing mother. Look at what all you've accomplished in your life.\" \"He's right,\" Charlie agreed. Sophie smiled at both of them. \"It was just a surprise that's all. Never in a million years did I think she'd show up.\" \"And you might never see her again,\" Charlie told her truthfully. \"True. But you know what?\" \"What?\" Charlie and Gordon said in tandem. \"I'm hungry. Let's get something for dinner before Teresa wakes for her next feeding.\" Charlie and Gordon laughed softly. \"Nice way to change the subject,\" Gordon said in between laughs. Sophie shrugged. \"I thought we could use a subject change.\" \"We did. What do u feel like having?\" Charlie asked. Sophie looked to her father. \"Daddy?\" \"I've been hankering for fish and chips,\" Gordon answered. \"Alright then,\" Sophie said as Charlie nodded in acquiescence. ","Summary":" A/n I would like to thank WildGypsyWoman 12 and little fairy maden for reviewing my last store. Thi"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Real Life Love Story","Author":"PDelaney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8520996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"This isn't going to work.\" I said, slamming my planner on the table in frustration. I desperately wanted to cry, but was trying hard to hold them back. I only have a few minutes left before I had to leave, I didn't want to spend it fighting. \"Sophie,\" Charlie placed his hand on mine, instantly calming me, \"We'll make it work.\" I looked deeply into his eyes and the love I saw there made me loose my determination, a single tear streaked down my cheek. Charlie laughed gently, wiping the tear away with the pad of his thumb. \"Oh, Sophie.\" \"I hate this feeling.\" My voice wavered as another tear tumbled down. \"It's nearly time and you don't want to go?\" He asked. I shook my head, the tears now streaming freely. \"If you want to change your mind you can.\" He smiled at me. I shook my head, \"No, we decided that it's best to take our time before moving to a different country. It's the logical decision, so we can decide which country we wanted and to look for jobs. I just...\" I sniffled, \"I don't want to leave you.\" \"Shh... let's talk about this later.\" He gently moved my face closer to his. My head began to spin at the newness of being so near him, \"But we need to figure out-\" \"Would you just shut up?\" Charlie laughed, closing the distance and gently moved his lips against my own. We stayed like that for several minutes. It was a bittersweet embrace. I couldn't believe that only yesterday was Claire's wedding. Only yesterday I told Charlie that I loved him and he told me that he loved me back. I couldn't believe that I had to leave already. I had to be at work tomorrow morning. The idea was so foreign to me. I didn't know what I would be returning to. One day in beautiful Italy with the love of my life and the next alone in a half empty apartment. I didn't want to think about it, I couldn't think about it. Sooner than I wish the clock informed me that it was indeed time to head to the airport. I bid farewell the Claire, Lorenzo, and the other family and friends while Charlie packed my small bag into my rental car. Reluctantly we made the drive to the airport, talking about everything and nothing at the same time. \"I guess this is it then.\" Charlie said looking at the gate my plane was departing from, \"Well that's interesting.\" \"What's interesting?\" I looked at him curiously. \"It's even harder than I anticipated.\" Charlie gave me a small smile though I saw deep sadness in his eyes. My heart broke and tears began flowing freely once again. \"Charlie.\" With that one word he wrapped me in his arms and held me tightly. I never wanted to let go. I didn't know how I was going to say goodbye to the man who had stolen my heart. \"Flight number 257 to New York City is now boarding.\" A voice called over the PA system. We pulled apart and I hastily tried to wipe the tears, a futile goal since I was still crying. \"I'll see you in two weeks.\" He said passionately. \"But I thought you had to work?\" I was confused. \"I'll be there.\" His voice was so full of love that I felt like wrapping my arms around his waist and not letting go. \"It's not soon enough.\" I let out a sad laugh. Charlie cupped my cheek with his hand, \"One day, Sophie, you won't have to go a day without seeing me.\" \"Is that a promise or a threat?\" I joked weakly, but inside my heart was soaring at his words. \"Both.\" He beamed at me, flashing his brilliant smile. \"Now go on.\" I panicked, not wanting to have to finally say goodbye. Charlie seemed to feel the same because he pulled me to him roughly, kissing me with a urgency our other kisses lacked. We reluctantly pulled away when the woman announced my flight again. This was it, the moment I was regretting most. \"I love you, Sophie.\" Charlie said passionately. \"I love you, Charlie.\" I kissed him once more and pulled away quickly or else I never would have stopped. I picked up my purse and, without looking back for fear I wouldn't actually leave if I saw him again, I boarded the plane. ","Summary":" \"This isn't going to work.\" I said, slamming my planner on the table in frustration. I desperatel"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"A Misunderstanding","Author":"a.fictional.love","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8583469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not really all that impressed with this one, but I had an idea in my head after I saw the movie, so I just went with it. Let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I do not own Letters to Juliet. Or Charlie. Or his accent. *sigh* The morning following the wedding, Sophie slept in a little late. The jet lag caught up with her, but the real reason she laid in bed for an extra half hour was because she knew these active Italian folk always rose early. She wasn't really in the mood to talk to anyone about her disappearance after the toast the previous day, nor had she any desire to explain her quiet aloofness after her return. She waited until she heard the clamor downstairs quiet as the family members made their respective ways outside. She passed the time by taking a shower and getting dressed, but eventually, her stomach could wait no longer, and she made her way to the kitchen at half past ten. There was already someone in the room, standing by the window. Sophie immediately recognized her, and she tensed. The woman's back was to Sophie as she stared out the window, peacefully sipping her tea. If she was quiet, she could- \"Sophie, dear,\" Claire said with a wide smile. She had seen the young woman's reflection in the window. Putting on a happy face, Sophie entered the kitchen and returned the hug she received. She loved Claire dearly, but she didn't know what to expect in the upcoming conversation. She prepared herself for questions, but instead Claire said, \"Come. Let's get you some food.\" With a simple slice of toast and a cup of coffee, Sophie sat across from Claire at a small table. \"I trust you slept well?\" Claire asked with a smile. \"The time difference can be difficult to adjust to. How long are you staying?\" \"Today and tomorrow. I have to leave on Tuesday to be back in New York.\" She took a rather large bite of toast then, hoping Claire wouldn't see her discomfort. The previous night, she'd changed her plane ticket from Friday to the earliest available flight she could get on that didn't make it seem too obvious she was trying to get away. She felt a pang of guilt when she saw Claire's upset face. \"We'd hoped you would stay longer.\" \"Yeah, me too,\" Sophie bluffed. \"But I can't be away from New York for very long with my job.\" Correction , she thought, I can't be here with your grandson . At this, though, Claire smiled. \"I'm so happy you finally have your dream job. We're all so proud of you. Even Charlie thought it was a wonderful article.\" Sophie's chest tightened and began to hurt at his name. Her heart pounded and she found it a little difficult to breathe. Immediately, she rose from her seat, a little faster than necessary, and threw out the rest of her breakfast, her appetite lost. She hoped Claire hadn't seen the pain on her face. \"Actually, I'm meeting the Secretaries of Juliet today. I'd like to spend a little time in Verona.\" Another lie. Claire looked anxiously at the clock. \"Charlie had to take Patricia to the airport, but he'll be back later today. If you would like to wait, he could take you.\" There was a hope in her voice. Fearing her eyes were noticeably red and wet, the young woman turned away, busying herself by putting away her dish. \"I should probably be leaving soon.\" \"Oh,\" Claire said, now taking her eyes off the clock. \"What about tomorrow?\" \"I...don't really have a plan for tomorrow, but I'll definitely be back on Tuesday.\" It would be difficult, but she had to spend time with the newly weds. Sophie beeped the horn as she drove away, and Claire waved a hand in response, though there were frowns on both of their faces. With the way her thoughts were jumbled in her mind, and with the ache she'd been feeling in her chest since meeting Patricia, Sophie wondered if it was safe to be driving. Claire knew Sophie shouldn't be driving - at least, not away from her grandson. She sighed; she'd seen the problem. Sophie's thoughts were a mess. Claire had seen right through her hurried excuses. She knew the young woman needed time to sort things out, but she also knew that her grandson had to do something if those thoughts were to be sorted in his favor. Hours later, Charlie opened the door. \"Is she here?\" he asked when he saw his grandmother. She shook her head, but felt the need to hit him when he sighed in relief. \"What was that for?\" she demanded. He raised his hands helplessly. \"What do you want me to do?\" \"Go get her!\" Her usual patience was short now. Charlie sat in the chair opposite her with another sigh, this one exasperated. He pinched the bridge of his nose. \"It doesn't matter.\" \"Charlie, that's complete nonsense!\" \"No, it's not.\" Her voice had risen slightly, but if anything, his had lowered. \"She's engaged, Nana. My feelings won't change that.\" Claire put her hand over his. \"They could. If she truly loved her fiance, she wouldn't be confused.\" She squeezed his hand, but when he looked up at her, he shook his head. \"I can't do that to her.\" He smiled sadly. \"It'll only make things worse.\" Her shoulders dropped a little. \"When did you become so romantic?\" He let out a short, quiet laugh, but didn't answer. \"Charlie, all I want is to see you and Sophie happy. Right now, neither of you is happy. Please, take my advice.\" Just then, she saw him perk up, a completely new thought in his mind. \"That's it.\" \"What?\" Claire asked, bewildered as her grandson rose from his chair and ran back to his car. With raised eyebrows, she heard tires skid into action and saw a trail of dust flying behind the black vehicle. She hoped whatever he had in mind would work. That evening, Sophie sat at the table of the Secretaries of Juliet, writing the final paragraph of her last letter of the night by the light of the lamp. Across the table, Isabella sat scribbling away as well, but she had another to answer after this one. Francesca had left early, feeling a bit under the weather, Maria had already finished and gone, and Donatella powered through her letters to go out that evening with her husband. Sophie dotted the period of the concluding sentence and reread the letter, pleased with her answer. As she did, a loud, impatient knock sounded at the front door of the building. Sophie looked up at Isabella, who shrugged, not knowing who it was, but rose to answer it anyway. By the time she came back, Sophie had finished reading her letter, folded it, put it in the envelope, sealed it, wrote the address, and stuck the stamp in the corner. \"Who was that?\" Sophie asked as she placed the letter in the basket. Isabella opened her mouth, but didn't say anything for a second, as if she was thinking. \"I...don't know...her name. She said she found this by Juliet's house.\" She held up a folded note. \"It must have fallen out of the basket.\" \"That was so nice of her,\" Sophie said. \"We would've had another fifty-year-old lost letter.\" Isabella smiled, though Sophie couldn't help but think there was something behind it. \"Sophie, I hope it's not an inconvenience, but I was hoping you could write this one back. I still have two more.\" Sophie looked from her watch to Isabella. Quarter after eight. She put her things back down. \"Of course. No problem.\" \"Thank you,\" Isabella said gratefully, handing her the note and getting back to her own answers. Sophie sat as well, unfolding the paper, and read: Dear Juliet, It was an accident. I didn't mean for it to happen. In fact, at first, I didn't like her very much at all. She was engaged, and I openly gave pity for her fiance in my blunt, cynical, rather unpleasant way. But then, after a series of unfortunate events, I wound up being stuck with her. Days passed, filled with conversations, laughter, understanding, and eventually, feelings developed. At least, for me they did. But, like I said, she was engaged, so as any good man would, I pushed them aside, ignoring them. Now I know they cannot be rid of so easily. I was the best gentleman I could possibly be while we were together, asking about her welfare, apologizing for mistakes. I told myself to just get through the days, but as our time together drew to a close, I couldn't take it anymore. I kissed her, and I don't regret it, but things became very strained after that. I think I might have confused her about her true feelings, which gives me hope, but also makes me feel terrible for causing her pain. Two months later, she is with her fiance, and I am sick with a pathetic longing I would admit to no one else. I know you probably don't receive many letters from men, and I know that two months ago I would have laughed at the thought of any man doing this. But I desperately need your advice, for as hopeless, stupid, and insane as it is, I am madly in love with her. Please: Should I tell her? Sincerely, C.J.W. Sophie read the letter twice to take in all the details, and immediately set to work; she knew the answer she would want. When she finished, she placed the letter in its envelope, then the envelope in the basket, and wished Isabella a good night. The following afternoon, Sophie once again found herself at Juliet's house. This time, though, she wasn't a tourist. She was more or less an assistant secretary. Watching the many women with tears in their eyes as they put their notes on the wall, and seeing those that scribbled furiously in anger, she was proud of her minor position. Not long after, just as the sun was starting to set, coating the town in a yellow-orange glow, Isabella came with her basket. Sophie helped her collect all of the tear-stained notes. \"Is that a letter?\" Isabella asked, looking upwards. Sophie followed her pointing finger and saw, with disbelief, a note on the wall, all the way up next to the balcony. \"Yeah,\" Sophie said. \"Did she really expect us to see that all the way up there?\" Isabella smiled and shrugged. \"Some people don't think when they are in love.\" She put the last of the letters in the basket and nodded to the door that led to the balcony. \"Sophie, would you mind getting that? You can answer it.\" \"Of course.\" She walked towards the door. \"I'll meet you at the house,\" she called over her shoulder. A minute later, Sophie stretched over the balcony gates to reach the letter, her arms just long enough. A voice rose from the courtyard and met her ears; a voice she knew well enough to hear even when he wasn't there. \" 'If you honestly and truly love her as you say you do, then you must tell her.' \" Sophie stared down at him as he read from a paper. She blinked occasionally, her mouth parted. He continued, \" 'Your heart has been through enough drama, and it is time to end it for the both of you, for better or worse.' \" Sophie attempted to swallow, but her throat was completely dry. She knew those words; she'd written them the previous night. \" 'It isn't fair to you, her, or her fiance to keep dragging this out. If she has any inkling about your feelings, she may be just as confused. But whatever the outcome may be, let your feelings be known, because two months is a long time.' \" He put down the letter. \"Need I say more?\" \"Charlie,\" she managed to sputter out, completely taken aback. \"Everything I wrote in this letter is true, Sophie. I have this constant pain in my chest, and I know it's because I love you. And I'm sorry if I've ever hurt or confused you in any way. I know you're engaged, but I need-\" \"Wait, what?\" Sophie interrupted. Charlie held up one finger, signaling for her to wait a moment. \"Will you please allow me to finish?\" \"No, no, what did you say?\" He blinked at her, thrown off his rant. \"I love you?\" \"No, about me being engaged.\" \"Um...that you are?\" She was surprised to see him so inarticulate and confused for once. She shook her head. \"I'm not.\" \"Not what?\" \"Engaged.\" Charlie stared at her, his jaw slack. \"You're not?\" Sophie shook her head. \"No, we broke up a few weeks ago. I -\" She was suddenly overcome with a need to be nearer to him, and she was tired of yelling. \"Hang on.\" She disappeared into the building and a few moments later entered the courtyard, stopping directly in front of him. \"You're not engaged?\" he repeated, just to be sure. \"No. We ended things.\" \"Why?\" She shrunk a little in stature. \"You.\" \"Me?\" This was most definitely not how he had planned this moment. Now that it was out in the open, Sophie seemed to stand straighter, speaking with more assurance. \"You. That's one of the reasons why I came to the wedding. To see Claire married...and to see you.\" He stepped towards her and cupped her cheek with his hand. \"Why didn't you say anything then?\" She stared at him incredulously. \"Um, I think her name was Patricia?\" She had no anger directed at the woman, but there was obvious pain in her voice. \"What about her?\" \"Patricia,\" Sophie repeated. It was like he'd totally forgotten about her. \"Your girlfriend?\" \"My...Oh, no!\" Realization seemed to dawn then. \"There happen to be two Patricia's in my life,\" he explained. \"One would be the ex-girlfriend that I haven't seen any time recently. The other would be my cousin that I just drove to the airport yesterday.\" He shook his head, not able to believe how confused the situation had been. \"Well, that clears things up,\" Sophie said, obviously thinking the same thing. He nodded and continued, \"Sophie, there is no one in my life. And that's why I wrote the letter. I love you.\" She looked up at him. His blue eyes were fixed on hers, clearly and honestly displaying the love she knew was there. After a moment, they began to change - something crept into them, something she wasn't sure she liked after seeing how they were before. They searched her face, looking for some sign of - what? \"Now would be an excellent time if you were going to say something,\" he muttered, smiling nervously. She hadn't realized how long she'd spent just looking into his eyes. Making up for lost time, she closed the little distance between them and kissed him, her arms wrapping around his neck. He responded quickly to her touch, reaching the second hand to cup her other cheek. After, he rested his forehead against hers, beaming. \"Can I take that as a 'yes'?\" She nodded. \"I love you.\" He kissed her once more, then she added playfully, \"By the way, I loved your letter.\" \"Yeah, I had a feeling I'd pay for that one.\" \"Are you really madly in love with me?\" she asked, biting her bottom lip to keep from laughing too much. \"Oh, Sophie,\" he said, chuckling. \"You have no idea.\" Read and Review! ","Summary":" Not really all that impressed with this one, but I had an idea in my head after I saw the movie, so"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"The secretaries' help","Author":"Jez0209","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8744691","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, hello! Here is the thing, I'm an ESL teacher in Mexico, and my students had the task to write a fic in English about something they like. This is a fic written by Yazmin. Thanks for reading, and hope you enjoy it. The secretaries' help To attend Lorenzo and Claire's wedding Sophie w a s invited w hen she was back in the US to her normal ordinary life, and, although she wanted to go with all her heart, she still had to decide between going or not to Italy… why? You may wonder; well the truth was that she thinks she loves her fiancé and because of his restaurant he can't travel with her, so after days thinking about it, she says to herself: \"how am I going to miss such a moment?!' I have to be there! And yet how can I explain it to him, oh I know, I will tell him that I need to finish the story for the newspaper\" That shows us, once again that she is much more interested in charming Charlie. Next thing you know, she takes the plane to the romantic Italy. There at this calm relaxing outdoors wedding, feeling the warm breezes that blow, we find Sophie and Charlie meeting, they only say a little something: He says - Hi. –Hi- she answers. – I'm so happy to see you - Me too. They say looking at each other; we can perceive they both are very nervous and unprepared. Then while Claire is reading the letter that Sophie had written for her, Sophie is thinking about how Charlie doesn't do anything to show his affection nor any other feeling. So when the wedding ends, she simply goes back home, a little disappointed. They both seem very confused, but as soon as they arrive to their own hometowns they simultaneously start writing letters to the so called Juliet's secretaries. (You may be thinking, why would he be writing to Juliet's secretaries, weren't they only for girls?, well that's true but with all these special events they became friends) He explains how he loves her, and can't help thinking of her over and over again all day long asking for a good advice; while she writes about her dilemma, for some reason she still believes in her relationship with her fiancé or maybe it's just the fact that they are engaged, and at the same time she has these incredible, indescribable passionate feelings for Charlie, things she had never experienced before. Feeling at times that she'll die without him; and that she is the happiest girl in the world, remembering him and their conversations. Going from painful sensations to joyful ones. So these wonderful Juliet's secretaries let Charlie know that she felt about him very much like he did about her. And told her that the second option means true love, even if she had a plan for herself, there people who wait what seems a lifetime for something like that, for that one special kiss, how the song says. Then the secretaries gave him her address, so he flew to see her, while she is breaking up with her fiancé telling him they have nothing in common, what happened is that when she finished the story about Claire and Lorenzzo he did not show any appreciation for her work as always, she told him al so that they were never meant to be together, nothing could keep their love alive, he understood and thanked her for wonderful moments and shalalá… Then Charlie arrives to her apartment, but for his surprise she isn't there because she is at the park crying, the reason why is that she' heard almost nothing about Charlie since the wedding and a little more from Juliet's secretaries. While he goes to that same park a bit disappointed, thinking in coming back later. So they both are sitting in the same park at the same time, in different places though, wishing so bad to be together, then one starts walking to the right and the other to the left which led them to meet. And they can't believe it, they are so shocked so surprised and happy and amazed and speechless. They laugh, they can't believe that there they are looking at each other wanting to be nowhere else; thinking that they may be dreaming, but they're not. She sees him so elegant, so gorgeous; wearing that same white cashmere suit, remanding us the first time they met. And she thinks to herself: \"Little did I know than that would become something this special\". And he finally says: \"the truth is, Sophie, I am madly, truly, deeply, passionately in love with you.\" Please be so kind to leave a review; Yazmin and I will be very grateful . ","Summary":" Hello, hello! Here is the thing, I'm an ESL teacher in Mexico, and my students had the task to writ"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"I'll Find You","Author":"Enna York","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11391393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I make it my job to find people, specifically to bring families back together. I lost my parents. I know what it's like to wake up and cry because you don't have a mother to comfort you from your nightmares or a father to make you breakfast. Since I know the pain of not having a mother or father I don't want anyone else to ever feel that. I will go out and find the missing children that no one else is willing to look for, if a child has lost their parent and has nowhere to turn to I make it my business to find their parent for them-or else become their parent for them. Aara Aara could still remember her parents; her mother with angled, coal black eyes and long silky ebony hair and a father with light brown hair and clean shaven face. She inherited her father's hair it was such a light brown though that it could understandably be mistaken for a dark blonde, but her mother's coal black eyes-these traits were all she had left of her parents the only thing that she had to remember them. Ever since she lost them she had been staying in the Midgar slums, it's not like she could afford somewhere better. In fact she preferred the slums because it meant her house was free of charge. Ever since Geostigma hit she found that there were increasing numbers of lost and orphaned children-and never being one to turn someone in trouble away she took in she took in every child with Geostigma she could find. In her three storey house the third level had been converted into what the kids called the hospital wing- though Aara didn't necessarily explain it to the kids this way, she put all the Geostigma infected together for two reasons. Firstly for quarantine-she didn't want to be cruel and separate them but at the same time she couldn't risk infecting the others. She only allowed herself on the third floor. And secondly she did it for their comfort, to know there was someone else who knew what you were going through Aara was certain would bring the children comfort. \"Has anyone seen this boy?! Anyone!\" Aara shouted from the street corner holding a large photo of the boy in hand it was the last of the posters she had been able to make. She had been walking up and down the streets. Depending on where she went searching some street corners were very familiar with her presence and many people were willing to be interviewed by her-some however, just found her annoying, \"Come on, if this was your child wouldn't you want them to be found? If you were this child wouldn't you want to be found?\" she pleaded with people passing by. She had been at this for four hours and hadn't found much to her frustration, all she knew was where he was last seen, when he was last seen, his name and a list of people he knew. Suddenly Aara heard a scream from up the street and saw people moving quickly away from something-or someone. She jogged up the street to see what was causing so much distress, it was a child with Geostigma collapsed in the street. He had collapsed face first into the dirt and was wheezing in his attempt to breathe. \"Isn't anyone going to help him?\" she called out angrily as she elbowed her way through the people trying to get away from him. She managed to force her way through the throng of people fleeing or else staring at him in a mixture of disgust and horror. She knelt down in front of him and rolled him over, \"Hey are you okay?\" she asked him softly brushing his hair back from his face, his skin felt hot under hand with a fever. \"Stay away I'm sick.\" He coughed. \"That's why I have to stay with you.\" She answered him and with that slung his arm over her shoulder pulling him up to his feet. He put all his weight onto her, too weak to stand on his own feet-she didn't mind she understood she had spent so much time next to people with Geostigma now she felt at times like she had it to. She made her way to the crowd to push through, \"Don't you dare infect me you-you freak.\" Someone snarled at her as she tried to push her way through. She grit her teeth in anger not understanding how people could be so cruel to one another let alone a helpless child, \"I'm not infected and if anyone around here is sick it's you for leaving this child to suffer.\" She growled in response and roughly pushed her way into the people. There were yelps of terror and surprise and people instantly moved out of her way, she shifted the child's weight around and smirked happy that they made her life easier by moving out of her way. She walked with him like this for two blocks before he fainted, not sure if she could safely walk with him like that any longer she swept him up into the air carrying him princess style all the way back to her house. Her walk was long but Aara didn't mind, all she cared about was getting him to a safe warm bed and getting food into his system. She came to a stop in front of her dilapidated house it's roof was actually sagging down on the right side and most of the windows had to be boarded up since the glass was broken. Aara walking over to the door knocked on it with her foot, it was opened by Rin, one of the small girls she took in. She had met Rin two years ago and was unable to reunite the girl with her parents so Rin asked to stay with Aara. Her long chestnut brown hair was contained into to high pigtails. \"I'm going to take him up to the third floor and make some food for everyone, could I ask you to disinfect for me?\" Aara asked the small girl. Rin nodded, \"Sure thing Aara.\" She chirped and dashed off to grab a mop. Since not much was known about Geostigma Aara treated it like any other illness keeping the sick separated from the healthy and constantly cleaning everything to prevent infection and for the sake of the sick. As she climbed up the stairs Rin followed behind with cleaner and mop in hand. Aara finally managed to get to the third floor and open the door to the boys' room. Three of the children were bedridden and the others were else playing on the floor or sitting on the edge of the mattresses of their bedridden friends. Aara sighed in relief because there was an unused mattress right next to the door. She collapsed to her knees placing the boy down on his new bed. He groaned and shifted and she gently pulled the sheets over him. She brushed the hair back from his face again, he was still running a fever and was sweating profusely. \"Auntie Aara who's this?\" one of the boys asked jumping on her back and embracing her tightly. She shook her head and ruffled the boy's hair, \"I'm not sure he had already collapsed when I found him.\" She answered snatching him and putting the boy Sai in her lap. She smiled down on him with her evil grin and began to tickle him. He giggled and squirmed around in her lap laughing from being tickled. \"Stop it! Stop it!\" he playfully cheered. Two of the bedridden boys sat up and laughed at the sight and a few of the other boys rushed over climbing onto Aara trying to win her attention as well. She laughed in joy and slowly peeled the children off of herself, \"Alright, alright guys I have to go now and make supper. Could I ask you all to keep an eye out on him for me? And get me once he wakes up.\" \"Yes ma'am!\" Sai stated standing up and puffing his chest out. She got to her feet and walked to the door of their room, \"Be back soon.\" She chimed. She walked over to the bathroom on the third floor which thankfully still had running water-though the water heater only worked about half the time if even that-usually they had to heat the water themselves. She scrubbed her arms clean afraid that she could spread a virus through the house. She then dashed down stairs to the kitchen, \"I finished moping the floors Auntie.\" Rin said as she padded into the kitchen the mop and cleaner still in hand. \"Thanks Rin.\" Aara said as she began to prep for dinner, just a simple soup for tonight it was the best she could manage with what little they had. Resources were being stretched thin, Aara had never had to take in so many children at once. But since Geostigma hit the number of children who she couldn't reunite with their families increased dramatically either because their parents had died or their parents abandoned them because they were sick. Rin grabbed a stool and pulled herself up next to Aara insisting on helping, only seconds later was the kitchen flooded with children eager and excited to be of assistance. The children all adored Aara for her caring, motherly nature and her willingness to help them when no one else wanted to. Children flocked to her and loved playing with her and she loved nothing more than playing with them. Dinner was made and she served all of the healthy children first. The dining room consisted of several dilapidated tables and chairs scavenged from the streets, abandoned houses or the dump, some of them pushed together creating clumps everywhere. \"Thank you for the meal!\" the children called out in near perfect synchronization to Aara who smiled at them. \"Eat up!\" she called back and then prepared the trays to carry soup up to the sick children. Just as she started up the stairs Sai was dashing down them. Despite the fact it was a short distance he was already winded from being sick. \"The boy… he's awake his name is Tomo.\" Sai panted. Aara would have ruffled his hair if her hands were free but they were filed with the trays of soup, she settled for giving him a warm smile instead, \"Thanks Sai. Now back upstairs it's time for dinner.\" He nodded and began to climb up the stairs slowly still exhausted from his dash. Aara quickly felt the strength leave her arms as they slowly climbed up stairs she was getting exhausted but made herself hold onto the tray refusing to let it fall. When they finally got to the third floor she sighed in relief and trailed after Sai to his room. She put the trays down by the doors and gave her arms a short rest before caring a bowl of soup to each of the children who obediently sat on their beds or sat up in their beds. The soup was soon passed around and Aara crouched down next to the new boy-Tomo. \"Hey, my name's Aara, I heard your name was Tomo.\" She greeted stretching her hand out to him, he looked at it and took it shaking it gently, \"You collapsed in the street and I brought you here so you could get better. But if you need to get home, or if there's someone you need to get to I can take you there myself.\" \"Oh, thank you… but there's only me.\" He answered her. She smiled at him, \"That's alright, most everyone here only had themselves and now we have each other. If you want to you can stay with us, we look after each other here.\" She saw his eyes shine and water as they widened and looked at her, he released a choked sob of relief and happiness and he stuck his arms out-willingly Aara embraced the small boy who cried into her shoulder. \"Thank you. Thank you.\" He cried into her clasping onto her desperately. She rubbed reassuring circles on his back, \"It's okay, it's okay I've got you. We won't ever let you suffer alone again.\" She let him cry for a few second longer before pulling away, \"Now, crying isn't going to do anything but let your soup get cold and cold soup is no good soup. So eat up.\" She told him in a motherly manner passing him his bowl. He accepted it gratefully and began to eat, Aara got to her feet brushing off her pant legs. She looked to the other boys in the room, \"Can I ask you all to be nice to your new brother Tomo, show him the ropes and play with him?\" she asked them. \"Yes Aara.\" They called back smiling up at her from their meals. \"Thank you.\" She replied and with that dashed down stairs to get soup for the other rooms. She returned a minute later much faster than her first trip up the stairs this time going to the girls' room. This one was admittedly more decorated then the last one. The girls had drawn on the walls various designs of flowers and horses and princesses, there was also a pink blanket albeit filled with holes because Aara had found it in the trash and brought it home spending hours scrubbing it clean, that was hanging on the wall as decoration. The girls had circled around in the center of the room cutting out paper designs they had told her they wanted to make paper decorations to decorate their room. They glanced up at her, \"Mommy!\" shouted one of the youngest girls there, Clover who leapt up to her feet in excitement. She lovingly referred to Aara as her mommy no matter how many times Aara and the other children tried to correct her. \"Hey girls.\" She greeted, \"I've got supper!\" she chirped lifting up the trays, the girls smiled up at her excitedly and rushed around her for their dinner. The soup was soon passed about and the girls quieted down to eat. Satisfied that everyone had been fed Aara made her way back down the kitchen washing her hands before sitting down to have a meal herself. Once she finished she walked into the kitchen to happily see that all the kids who had eaten in the dining room had put their dirtied dishes in the sink neatly. She made her way upstairs to collect the dirtied dished up there and brought them downstairs. She washed everything by hand and then put all of the children to bed before going to bed herself. Author's Rambling Space So I know Geostigma isn't contagious and is the host infected with Jenova cells, but Aaara as an ordinary citizen wouldn't know that so she's treating it like it is. I also know the kids should be covered in sores and such but I just didn't want to add that in. Just so you know![Chapter 2] When she woke up the next morning Aara got changed and then tied her hair up preparing to clean everything from top to bottom in the house. When she had started most of the kids were asleep which she was thankful for since they get in the way being underfoot and all. She started by mopping all the floors, then washing the walls. She tackled the kitchen next putting away clean dishes and anything dirtied she had missed the night before and immediately after wiping down all the counters. She tackled bathrooms next, wiping the mirrors, wiped down the sinks, counters and toilets. She was just fixing a third floor tub with a leaky tap when a sleepy Sai stumbled in his pyjamas rumpled and rubbing at his eye, \"Morning Aara.\" He slurred sleepily, suddenly he clutched his stomach, Aara acted fast leaping to her feet and snatching the boy up getting him in front of the toilet. He threw up his entire stomach's contents, he began to sob in pain and embarrassment, Aara crouched down next to him helping to hold his hair back with one hand and rub circles on his back with the other hand. She made comforting noises for him until he managed to stop. \"Thank you.\" He sniffed to her gratefully. \"Hey we all get sick sometimes, one of these days I'm going to be sick and you're going to have to hold my hair back for me.\" She answered him. He sighed exhaustedly and leaned back against her, \"No you're not going to get sick. You're like a mom and moms don't get sick.\" She giggled at this and ran her fingers through Sai's hair he mumbled something along the lines of that felt nice and she continued to do it knowing that it comforted the small boy, \"Now now, moms do get sick and I'm not your mother.\" Sai sighed and leaned back against her, \"You are like our mother though, looking after us all, playing, cooking cleaning, teaching. Who knows where we would be without you.\" He answered. \"I'm sure you would have managed somehow.\" She answered him. He turned in her lap and cried into her shoulder, \"No don't say that. None of us could have made it, it's all thanks to you Aara!\" she was somewhat stunned for that second as he clutched her tightly digging his nails into her skin, \"Please don't ever leave us, you're all we have Aara. I don't know how to thank you properly for what you've done, please don't ever leave me. I love you like you're my mom.\" She felt touched to the very bottom of her heart at his words and smiled down at him even though he couldn't see her face, she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him back, \"I promise I will always be here to look after you, no matter what.\" They sat on the bathroom floor for a few more seconds holding one another before Aara broke the silence, \"Let's get you back to bed, how does that sound. I'll make your favourite for breakfast omelette, how does that sound?\" \"It sounds good…\" he answered, with that said Aara got to her feet still holding Sai and he was still latched onto her. He was surprisingly light in her arms she figured it was because he was ill. She carried him back to his room and creaked the door open as silently as she could and walked over to his bed. It took a few seconds of struggle to get him to release her and put him back in his bed. He was sound asleep, she chuckled quietly to herself and pulled his blanket up over him placing a soft motherly kiss on his forehead. She got back to the bathroom and flushed the toilet before disinfecting it determinably, she would never say it but she was petrified that some of the children with Geostigma would die. It was easy to forget at times when they were playing, but at moments like these when she has to help them throw up or help bring down a fever she feels overwhelmed with fear for them. Sighing heavily she grabbed her cleaning supplies and clomped down the stairs to the kitchen. The healthy children had started to awaken and were now running about the house playing and chasing and overall being children. A few of them paused in their games to look at Aara, \"Aara is there anything we can do to help?\" they asked her. \"No I'm fine thanks, I'm almost finished with the chores anyways. All that's left is the laundry.\" She answered smiling. The oldest child in the house, Bram looked up from his book from his usual seat in the corner out of the way of the playing children and sighed pushing his glasses up his nose. He shook his head out, Aara puts too much strain on herself, she runs around all day handling everything herself-I need to confront her soon he thought to himself. He got up and stuck his hands in his pockets, \"Hey Aara, let me make breakfast.\" She shook her head out, \"Mm no honestly I'm fine, just go back to reading Bram you've got school to worry about.\" She answered him. \"No I insist Aara, c'mon I'm almost fifteen now I need to become responsible.\" He answered her. She turned around to face him putting her fists on her hips, \"Now, now I'm the one who gets to decide when you're all grown up.\" She then flicked him on the forehead, \"And you're still little Brammy boy. I can make breakfast, I'm not old you know.\" He rubbed at his forehead, it was something she had done to him since they had first met, she called it her punishment for when the kids were bad. Bram was at first a trouble maker when he first came and got flicked almost constantly on the forehead, but after a while he realised that he respected Aara and made an attempt to behave. He followed her into the kitchen and watched her prepare breakfast, \"Bram.\" She called. He glanced up from his spot at the table, \"Mhm.\" He answered. \"Can you do me a favour?\" Aara asked, he jumped in his spot feeling excited that she was going to ask him to do something for a change instead of taking all the burden on herself. \"Stay young for me?\" she playfully teased him. \"Hey that's not a favour!\" he whined in response. He watched as she made breakfast, \"Aara here I'll carry this up to the third floor.\" He offered reaching forward for the tray. She pulled it away from him. \"I've got it.\" She insisted, \"Just get everyone else into the dining room.\" She stated, he nodded his head sighing at the fact that she would not delegate any work. He walked out of the kitchen and called everyone to attention. Bram always managed to get everyone to listen, but it wasn't like with Aara. Bram knew they listened because he was older and sterner, whereas with Aara it was purely respect and admiration that drove them to listen. Aara reappeared half way through the meal sitting down with her plate that was noticeably smaller in size, \"Aara is that really all you're going to eat?\" asked Zoe one of the older girls who was about eleven if Bram remembered correctly. \"Yeah, I wasn't all that hungry.\" Aara replied sheepishly, Bram could see the lie. He noticed that as he got older that he was able to notice things that he didn't when he was younger. The fact that Aara lied about how she was, how exhausted she would look after a day's work. Details he missed when he was younger and he attributed to being naïve. He pushed up from his spot and walked over to Aara with his plate in hand pushing the remainder of his plate onto hers, truth be told he was still hungry but he wanted to do what he could, \"I got full.\" He stated as an explanation. He then went to make his way to the kitchen, \"Wait, wait!\" Ara called out causing him to pause in his tracks, \"I've got an announcement to make. I know that usually on Sundays I take a break and play with you all. But things are a little different this week. I'm going to have to run some errands today. While I'm gone Bram is in charge okay!\" she called out. \"Yes Aara!\" the children called back to her. She smiled, \"I want you all to be well behaved and listen to Bram, what he says goes alright? And don't make a mess I just cleaned this morning.\" She added. About an hour alter Aara was finally ready to leave with her shopping list in hand her small brown satchel resting at her hip, \"I'll be back in a few hours' time alright!\" she called as she stepped out the front door, the house meanwhile had been thrown into chaos and all the hard work she had put in that morning cleaning had been absolutely eradicated. She shook her head out looking at the mess that awaited her and decided that the best course of action would be to get home as soon as possible-if she was fast enough she could probably recruit some of the older children to help in the housework. She glanced down at the list again and how it seemed to grow every week. She then rooted around her satchel with her hand, money had always been tight but it seemed these days money was harder to come across despite the fact there were more jobs than ever for finding and reuniting the lost and missing. Bram meanwhile was attempting to make peace out of the chaos that was the house, he couldn't understand how Aara dealt with it all-all the noise, the screaming, the constant running around made him exhausted. I guess I have to give her more credit than I thought due he told himself chasing after Rin who was up to no good a pot in one hand and a pan in the other banging them together to make a horrible clattering sound. \"That's it everyone freeze!\" he bellowed, and everyone froze at his angry shout and looked at him surprised he was usually quiet and reserved never losing his temper-though all the children knew he was easily irritated, he sighed, \"We're going to have a nice organised game of hide and seek.\" \"But there's no way there's enough hiding spots for us all Bram!\" Rin whined. \"Fine then hide and clap, does everybody know the rules?\" he asked, after that the children calmed considerably and with Rin, Zoe and a few of the other older children's help he managed to somewhat structure the day. That was until Sai came tumbling down the stairs, Bram immediately dashed over to pick the sick boy up-Sai wasn't sick when he first arrived at the house. But he also spent a lot of time playing on the street and that's where Bram thought he got Geostigma from. Bram used to play with Sai, he picked him up, \"Hey, hey Sai are you alright?\" he asked checking the boy over for injury. If Aara was his older sister he considered Sai a younger brother. \"I-I'm fine it's the new kid Tomo. He isn't doing so great… we need Aara right away.\" He managed out weakly. \"Aara isn't here, she left to run errands.\" Bram said. \"Well you have to find her right away.\" Sai said weakly. Bram felt his heart race he had to do something and he had to do it fast there was a life on the line, it was his turn to be the one to help Aara-he wasn't weak or young or foolish anymore he was grown up it was his turn to help. \"Rin carry Sai back upstairs get him to bed, take care of Tomo don't leave his side for anything. Zoe I want you to keep the younger kids here, keep them quite craft time maybe get some chores in. Anybody over ten we have to go and find Aara right away, come with me.\" The children assigned tasks nodded their head in understanding, the younger children also nodded setting their faces with determination. The children that Bram called for assembled outside in the street, he organized them into groups and they took off to their respective neighbourhoods to search for Aara. Bram sprinted he purposely gave himself the farthest location. Being in the slums streets weren't the only way to get around quickly-they learned well from Aara means of short cuts through abandoned and ruined buildings. Roof tops became roads, so did fire escapes anything they could manage to climb on or leap on. He clambered up a fire escape nimbly leaping into the empty window of the next building and sliding down the stairs to the ground floor dashing down into the street that would lead to where Aara usually shopped for vegetables. Something though made him pause halfway through his sprint, he saw a truck that was loading children into the back of it, it was being overlooked by two teens who couldn't be much older than Aara. He changed course and ran over. \"Hey what do you think you're doing? Where do you think you're taking those kids?\" he demanded angrily feeling protective over the kids and trying to think of how Aara would deal with the situation. She probably wouldn't have been so confrontational-at least not at first she always managed to keep a cool head during tense situations knowing exactly what to do. It was always Bram that had been rash, that's what always got him into trouble before he met Aara. However, a stench filled his nostrils a familiar scent, the Geostigma. Glancing over each of the children he saw that they all were infected. \"We're being taken for treatment, these guys said they have the cure.\" One of the children piped up. \"That's right, we're just taking them with us to cure them we have to look out for our brothers and sisters.\" Said one of the teens, he had shoulder length silver hair and cat eyes. Bram stared at him, brothers and sisters… he's like Aara he wants to help them he thought he said he has the cure… if we could cure everyone back at the house things would become better… there's a cure his mind chanted. \"Can you bring this cure to our house, we have many sick there.\" He said. The teen raised one of his eyebrows, \"Is that so?\" Bram nodded, \"I'd say at least fifteen sick.\" He answered shifting from foot to foot impatiently, either he was wasting his time or he needed these people to help as soon as possible not noticing the smirk that stretched across the teen's face as he glanced to his brothers, \"Can you bring the cure to us?\" he demanded. The teen shook his head, \"We can't bring the cure to you, you have to come with us.\" He insisted. Bram felt his heart race, should I get Aara or should I get the kids, \"How much longer are you going to be here?\" Bram questioned. \"I'd say at least twenty minutes, you should run along and go get your sick siblings we wouldn't want to leave anyone behind.\" The mysterious teen told Bram. Bram nodded adjusting his glasses on his nose, \"Please wait here I'll be back as soon as possible.\" And with that dashed back off in the direction of the house his heart pounding in his ears. I have to save everyone, I can save every one he chanted to himself, he arrived at the house feeling winded and sprinted up the stairs taking them two at a time and practically knocking down the door. Rin had done as he asked and more, all of the sick children were gathered into one room under her supervision. The able bodied were helping the sicker children who were bedridden. \"You all have to come with me right now! I found someone with a cure!\" Bram shouted, \"But we have to leave right now!\"[Chapter 3] Aara was sprinting down the street with Misao close on her heels, Aara had just been finishing up her grocery shopping when Misao suddenly ran up to her hysterically shouting and screaming. When she finally managed to get the eleven year old to calm down enough to explain the situation she dropped the groceries she had in hand and took off running home. \"Come on Misao, I know you can keep up you've always been one of the fastest!\" Aara yelled out to the girl slowing behind her, Aara couldn't bring herself to leave the girl behind the small girl was an emotionally wreck right now and absolutely petrified. Aara swung around the next corner dashing past an old run down church she walked past every day and continued sprinting skidded around the next corner her house in sight. She burst through the door and flew up the stairs. She knocked down the door to the boy's room to see Rin sitting on the floor crying and clutching at Tomo's hand. \"It's too late Aara… he died… there was nothing I could do he just died… he said thank you and then he just stopped breathing.\" Rin sobbed holding the dead boy's hand to her chest, \"He... he was so nice.\" Aara looked down in horror at the sight before her, her heart pounding, she felt the world spin under foot… he was alive this morning she gave him breakfast and he was alright-more than alright. He looked better then yesterday there was no fever, he was sitting up, he even said he wanted to get out of bed… how had he just died. Her eyes scanned over the rest of the room her mind trying to figure out what to tell the other children, and that's when she finally noticed, \"Rin… where is everybody else.\" \"I-I tried to stop Bram before he left without your permission. But he said he found someone with the cure and he'd have to leave right away. He knew that Tomo couldn't make the trip so he said to stay here and that they'll come for him later. After that he got everyone together and just took off.\" Rin explained and sniffled, \"I should have stopped him-I'm sorry Aara, I'm so sorry.\" She sobbed. Aara ran at the small girl and grabbed her in a tight embrace, \"No, you did fine Rin. More than fine, you made sure that Tomo was comfortable before he died and you stayed by his side. I am so proud of you, you were so strong and brave.\" \"Don't cry it's going to be alright. I want you to go clean yourself up and join all the other kids downstairs alright, don't tell them what happened. I'll handle it later but first I have to go find the others.\" Aara instructed. Rin nodded swiping at her accumulated tears and snot, \"I understand Aara, I'll do it right away.\" She said and told Aara where Bram said he was going. Aara thanked her and flew back down the stairs and sprinted down the street, she put her head down and ran. There were two instances where she almost got hit by a car running straight out into traffic not caring about her own safety. She shoved people out of her way as she ran desperately her heart racing, her chest constricted. She heard a child screaming, a voice she'd recognize anywhere little Chloe. She doubled her speed not caring about the fact that it caused her pain and she was exhausted, she heard Chloe scream and someone was going to pay for that. She rounded the corner to see the small four year old struggling and screaming for help as two teenage boys tried to put her in the back of a truck. Aara registered in her mind that Bram lay unconscious against the wall of a building on the street, his glasses broken and blood running down his forehead. \"What the hell do you think you're doing!\" she screamed and dashed head first at the largest of the two teens who had shirt silver hair. Aara never had much fighting experience only the few scraps she got into when she was still a child or breaking up fights Bram got into. She ran and leapt at him trying to grab onto the large teen. He didn't see her at first until she tackled him, she had hoped to get him to the ground but all she really managed was to throw herself at him causing him to drop Chloe who ran over to Bram and started shaking him trying to get him to wake up. The tall teen meanwhile snatched Aara off of his back and threw her to the ground in front of him, she landed hard on her spine and felt the air rush out of her lungs. \"Who are you?\" the other one demanded, he had long silver hair. Aara growled and got to her feet to be snatched up by the taller of the two with short hair, he easily lifted her off of the ground, \"Aara!\" Sai shouted worriedly from the back of the truck dashing over to the edge and watching helplessly as she struggled. Aara suddenly felt something in her pocket, the small screw driver she was using earlier to fix the faucet was still in her pocket, she bit down hard on the arm in front of her causing a distraction to grab the screw driver. She stabbed it harshly back feeling it dig into the flesh behind her. Her attacker howled in pain and dropped her she landed on her feet staggering to see her other attacker rush at her angrily. \"She hurt me brother!\" howled the first attacker in pain as he stepped away from her. She swiped at the long haired assaulter her nails racking down his face causing red lines to appear dripping small crimson drops, \"Leave my kids alone!\" she yelled angrily. The attacker with the long hair swung at her hitting her there was a crack and she went flying back. The children screamed in terror. Her eyes widened in surprise there was no way that he was human if he could hit her that hard. She slammed into the wall behind her and fell to the ground, she coughed up blood, \"What-what are you?\" she managed out as she struggled to sit up. Chloe frantically shook Bram desperate to get him to awaken, he groaned but made no other sign of coming around, \"Mommy!\" she yelled and dashed over to Aara her blonde pigtails streaking out behind her. As she sped past her caretaker's attackers they snatched her by the collar of her dress swinging her up into the back of the truck. \"No you don't!\" Aara yelled struggling to get to her feet, she knew the odds weren't in her favour. Whether or not she stood a chance seemed pointless to consider, it was obvious that there was no way she could win. But she wasn't going to back down, there was no way she would back down. Yelling she ran at them again, she knew enough on how to make a fist and swing a proper punch she swung at the one she scratched earlier. He didn't make a move, he simply stood stunned that she had gotten to her feet and was attacking him again. His head cracked to the side, before she could celebrate her success she felt a foot connect with her ribs and she went flying again, she heard a crack when the foot connected with her and then she slammed into the wall again falling into a pile of garbage. She was dazed and confused and it was getting difficult to breathe, she coughed out blood again. She shifted around and heard a clatter, there was a heavy metal pipe under hand. She knew that fighting with a weapon was a bad choice if you didn't know how to use it because it could be used against you. But Aara was desperate at this point not really caring what happened to her so as long as she got her kids out safely. She staggered and stumbled her way to the two silver haired fiends, \"I won't let you hurt them!\" she yelled suddenly feeling an unfamiliar power course through her, was it adrenaline she wondered? Could it be? She wasn't sure, adrenaline had been pumping through her veins for a long time now, could you get a second wind with adrenaline she wondered. No she knew that didn't happen, she didn't care what this power was-she would use it. She screeched and swung the metal pole over the taller assaulter's head, he didn't even look fazed when he swung back at her. Bram heard the screaming and he slowly came to consciousness, he saw Aara go flying and trying to struggled to her feet, the brother with the longer hair slowly stalking over to her before grounding his boot into her spine. Bram watched in horror, what had he done? He had only meant to help, but things suddenly started to go wrong when they started to load the children up into the truck. He tried to take them back but they hit him and they hit him hard. He willed himself to get up but it was pointless he knew it I don't have the same will power as Aara I can't will myself to throw my body aside to save them he thought as he watched the boy pull his foot back and kick Aara hard. \"No… stop\" he managed out weakly stretching his hand out to Aara. He saw Sai leap over the back of the truck and run to Aara throwing himself over her and trying to shield her with his body. Bram lost consciousness again feeling horrible for what he had done.[Chapter 4] Kadaj looked down upon the unwanted and unwelcomed hostage that his brothers took. She was still unconscious, if not for her chest slowly rising and fallen he would have mistook her for being dead, her hair was splayed out around her, her face was covered. He knelt down and brushed it aside to reveal her face, it was a soft gentle face the faintest splash of freckles across her nose. Her lashes casting shadows down on her cheeks, there was a trail of blood coming out of her nose and mouth. Her clothes were simple, a well-worn long-sleeved white cotton shirt that was now dirtied and bloodied from her fight, a soft satchel that had been patched by hand numerous times, it was now more patch work then the original satchel. Her pants were well worn and stained and her boots were horribly scuffed and in fact the sole was starting to separate from the boot, held in place by tape that was coloured with a brown marker to match the boot. She shifted and groaned shifting on the floor of the truck bed, Forgive me brother, unforeseen circumstances forced us to take her with us… it appears the children knew her-they even called her their mother and one threatened to sacrifice himself for her, they were uncooperative. There was another one but we managed to leave him behind. Yazoo had reported to him when they met up at their base. Kadaj tched in frustration at this predicament, they were now weighed down with a liability when he should be focused on searching for Mother. He was curious though about one detail his brothers mentioned-they said the children called her mother but there was no way that she could possibly be any of the children's mother because she was so young. Her eyes fluttered before she jolted awake, she released a gasp and curled in on herself in pain wincing before noticing Kadaj and readying to strike him. He caught her hand in the air, her hand was delicate in his hands. If he applied any pressure he could snap her wrist-it wasn't her fault that she was just human and had no relation to Mother. In fact he found it curious that such a weak being was so desperate and willing to fight. She struggled against him trying to pull her wrist free from his grasp, gritting her teeth in anger and frustration. She glowered at him and brought her other hand up digging her nails into his skin, he remembered seeing Yazoo's face, she had scratched him badly. \"Forgive me, I believe my brothers treated you rather roughly.\" He started. \"Let me go, I want to see my siblings where are they?\" she demanded. He still remained clamped down on her wrist, \"You see, we want to help your siblings. They are my siblings as well, they are related to Mother but are rejecting her presence we will help them.\" He explained to her. Aara tried to pull away looking at the silver haired man who had grabbed her, she brought her feet up trying to push against him trying to block out his words, They're lies, he's bad don't listen she coached herself. \"You're not making any sense, there's no way that you're related to them-they're not even related to each other.\" She answered him. Kadaj was losing his patience, he had other things to do then to try and convince her to be complacent and obedient to him, \"It will make sense in time, but you must believe me we are going to cure these siblings of yours.\" \"I want to see them.\" She demanded and pushed against him with her feet again. He clamped his other hand down on her ankles, she winced in pain and was unable to wriggle them free, \"I'm on a very tight schedule right now-I have to find Mother. You wouldn't understand.\" He growled and noticed she stopped struggling. \"Mother?\" she repeated and blinked at him confused, \"Are you looking for your mother?\" she asked him. \"Yes I'm looking for mother-what do you know something about her?\" in his excitement he grabbed her shoulders and shook her violently, \"Tell me all you know, what do you know about Mother?\" he demanded pushing her again, she fell back slamming hard into the truck bed. He pinned her there slamming his hands into her shoulders. \"I don't know anything I swear!\" she shouted in terror, her dark eyes locking onto his green eyes looking frightened, he stopped shaking her, \"It's just I make it my job to find people.\" She whispered. \"Well you should have said that in the first place, I can't afford to be distracted, I must find Mother.\" He said in an angry rush in her face. \"I'm sorry for your loss.\" The girl stated, Aara knew she shouldn't be sympathizing with him, he forcibly kidnapped herself and her siblings. However, the sense of connection because of loss rung deeply with Aara. \"Excuse me?\" he said confused by what she said. \"I lost my parents when I was young so I understand your loss.\" She stated sadly glancing away from his eyes embarrassedly. Don't sympathize with him Aara are you insane? Don't feel things for him, you have to hate his guts she coached herself. Kadaj stared down at the girl beneath him curious, \"I haven't lost her, I need to find Mother.\" He insisted. \"Kadaj.\" Yazoo called trying to find his brother, he had left him alone for a long time with the hostage. He padded around the truck to find Kadaj in a very… interesting position Yazoo settled for describing the situation, he never once thought that his brother would well… attack a girl. He came around to find Kadaj straddling the girl pinning her shoulders down to the truck bed. Kadaj looked up over at his brother, \"Brother.\" He greeted, \"I have been talking with the hostage, she says that she looks for people. Perhaps we can use her to find Mother.\" Kadaj suggested. The girl beneath him shifted trying to wriggle free and Yazoo realised that he mistook the situation, she looked over at him and flushed bright red. Well at least one of the two understood that the situation was awkward, however she really had nothing to fear from Kadaj except for her life, he was not interested in her. \"I can help with your search.\" She volunteered, Let them trust you then maybe you can get away or at least get the kids away Aara thought to herself. Kadaj got off of her and she released a sigh of relief sitting up and moving away from her, her cheeks were still warm and she was certain that her face was still red from being pinned in such a compromising position. \"So you're looking for your mother?\" she asked to clarify. \"Yes we must find Mother.\" Kadaj insisted to the mysterious girl that his brothers had brought in, he was suddenly very happy that she was brought in his earlier irritation dissipated. \"Alright, I understand. First things first, we need to thoroughly search the last place you saw her, if she's not there, chances are there are clues to where she could be.\" She started trying to calm her racing heart and remain calm, she had to help them now that she volunteered and she had to get away hoping cooperation would be the key, \"Next, you need to question anyone she was close to or would have seen her last.\" She continued. Kadaj nodded, he had searched thoroughly where mother had last been seen, but he didn't think to question people, he glanced over to Yazoo, \"Perhaps we should question brother.\" He proposed. The girl looked up glancing over at him and nodding her head, \"That sounds like an excellent idea to ask your brother.\" The two silver hared brothers stared at the girl, she had proven to be unexpectedly beneficial. She got to her feet, \"So where are we going and when are we leaving?\" she asked putting her hands on her hips. The two brothers stared at her, Kadaj shaking his head, \"You're not coming.\" He stated firmly. \"What?\" Aara asked. \"You'll only get in our way, we must find Mother as soon as possible.\" Kadaj insisted growing impatient with her now. Aara's mind was spinning with thought, she couldn't decide whether this was beneficial or not. If she got to go with them she could earn their trust and hopefully convince them to let her go, but then again being left alone may give her the opportunity to escape. \"Fine then.\" She stated, but if I use now to escape I have no idea who these people are… how am I supposed to track them down, \"What are your names?\" she blurted out in a sudden rush and then flushed in embarrassment. \"Kadaj.\" The one who pinned her stated, she glanced over to the one with the long hair that remained silent. She looked him in the eye but he simply stared back at her not offering an answer, \"Yazoo.\" Kadaj answered for her and she nodded her head. \"Aara.\" She stated locking eye with Kadaj, his eyes were odd, cat like and a hypnotic green blue. Kadaj got to his feet and grabbed her by the shoulder. Reflexively Aara jerked away trying to get free. He grabbed her more roughly, \"Hey, we're taking you to see your siblings.\" He growled and she instantly stopped struggling. She allowed the brothers to drag her to their base of operations. It looked like old ruins that Aara was unfamiliar with, panic set in because she realised that even if she could manage to escape with the children that she had no idea where to go they would inevitably catch her again and when that time came they would not be kind. They showed her to an old abandoned building and opened the door, lined along the walls on the floor were mattresses with sheets thrown upon them and children seated on the mattresses closest to the doors. Several familiar faces glanced up at Aara and lit up, they leapt to their feet and dashed for her but stopped in their tracks when they saw Kadaj freezing in place. Their feelings for the silver haired trio were a confusing mix, they wanted to trust the brothers because of the offer for a cure. But at the same time they had an instinctual urge to flee from the brothers ","Summary":" I make it my job to find people, specifically to bring families back together. I lost my parents. I"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"You Changed Me","Author":"Sophie Capulet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8961705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I thought of this suddenly and wrote it quickly, wanting to get across the story of this amazing film from Charlie's point of view trying to work out how he felt about Sophie. I hope you like and I would love it you left some reviews telling me what you think and telling me whether you would like to read more. Ideally I would like to continue this one into life after the movie for Sophie and Charlie. Disclaimer: I do not own Letters to Juliet. In his life, Charlie Wyman had always liked to think that he understood everything around him, understood the way that he felt about everything and knew how to handle himself in those day to day situations that might send others over the edge into a world where they understood nothing. He made himself that way when his parents died. He had to pull himself away from the world where things he didn't understand and where everything went so horribly wrong so suddenly. He worked alone with walls built around him, keeping himself away in a place where he could learn and thrive in his line of work, with only his grandmother looking after him. She made attempts to show him what was good about the world, show him that there was love out there for everyone if they just kept looking long enough and show him that just because his parents left him suddenly and with no warning didn't mean that they did not love him like he was the most important part of their short lives. He knew she was talking the truth, but that didn't stop him from wanting to pull himself away from it all. He tried having relationships, and although he felt for a while that he did love Patricia, it was clear that she did not love him. He had not had a relationship since. No, it was all work to him and it kept telling himself again and again that there was no such thing as true love, it was all purely hormones and he wouldn't say anything more about it. Years passed with him having this mind set and he couldn't see anyway that was going to change it. He approached every situation with the idea that everything was rational, within reason and had a solid explanation and that was how he went by with his day to day life. When the letter arrived on their doorstep, the page of neatly written lines talking of true love and a love that is worth crossing oceans for, his mind screamed for him to ignore it let it waste away as if it had never arrived in the first place. He tried to tell his grandmother to ignore it, but she of course ignored him. She set out of this expedition, the first thing in many years that he did not understand. Charlie tried in vain to tell her to stop, to her tell she was being foolish. But, as she stated, a romantic's heart could never stop loving, never stop searching for the one that made it complete. He had called the idea of it all stupid and didn't approve of it in any way. He had to find a way to stop it, find the person who caused all this chaos and confusion that he just wanted to push away. And that is where the problems really started, but whilst his mind shouted at him that this was all bad, that she was all bad, his heart began to flutter. And he couldn't stop it, no matter how hard he tried. It was something that he could not explain, and that was a feeling he hated. He walked up to the secretaries' office with purpose and meaning about why he was there in the first place, but when she smiled at him with such excitement in her eyes, he felt something, like a tiny crack in the wall he had built around his life had appeared. \"What were you thinking?\" He asked with a tone of anger that fell from his mouth like stone. She wasn't put off by his tone, not one bit, and that smile was still there although smaller than it had been. He didn't understand why she appeared so determined, so full of the joys of life and something in the way that she spoke about true love having no expiration date reminded him of his grandmother's determination to find her long lost love. She followed him, although he wished she hadn't. He had wanted to get away from the way that she made him feel. Charlie could feel something changing and over the days of their travelling across the country, he found that his heart would flutter every time he saw her and that Sophie had that something in here that made him see things that he had been blocking away from his life for so many years. Then, he may just have blown it. He made her cry, shouted at her about a subject he knew nothing of. He saw the hurt in her eyes and knew that nothing had ever made him so guilty before. Nevertheless, nothing could put a stop to her drive or determination. Whenever they found a Lorenzo who wasn't the right one, she would shrug her shoulders and smile, saying \"There are other Lorenzo's not far from here\". Sophie had a belief about true love being as real as the sun in the sky; nothing was going to stop her believing that. He watched over days, as she built a relationship with his beloved grandmother, like they had known each other for ever and he watched her never giving up on finding on the one person that would make Claire happy. He remembered the night under the stars every time he closed his eyes to sleep at night. He couldn't get her out of his head, the image of her smiling or the sound of her laughter. When their lips met, he felt it. The wall that he had worked so hard to build around him fell. His heart fluttered and he felt the butterflies he thought he had shut away for ever. Sophie was something special, and Charlie needed her in his life. She was the one who could show him all that is good in the world that he had always locked himself away from; she was the one who could make him smile like nobody else could. But he couldn't have her; she was engaged to another man. His heart felt like falling to shreds, but his mind told him to move on and attempt to get over the girl who changed the way he looked at everything around him. He tried. God knows he did. But that moment when she said goodbye and kissed him the cheek, he felt his heart break. She was leaving and he had no hope of being with her again. He followed her, thinking of the moment when he did not want her following him. He would have given anything at that moment to have her following him then. She had done it. She had made everything perfect again for his grandmother by finding her long lost love against all the odds, and know he wanted her to make everything perfect for him. She was on the balcony when he arrived and he had the delight to look at her there for a moment, looking more beautiful than he could have ever imagined, before he saw Victor sweeping the girl that he loved up into his arms. Charlie then felt it stop, the world stopped around him for a moment as he had to tell himself it was over. Months passed, and Claire and Lorenzo were to be married and Charlie couldn't have been happier for them but that did not stop the ache he constantly felt in the pit of his stomach and buried deep within his heart. He missed his Sophie terribly and although he knew he should not refer to her as his, he couldn't stop himself. From the kiss under the stars to the day in Sienna, he had felt the bond growing between them and he wished, just wished, that he had bucked up the courage to tell her how he felt when she was right there in front of him with that beautiful smile and those eyes that never lost the blaze of excitement he had seen on that first day he had met her. He sent the invite, insisting to his grandmother that Sophie had to be the first one invited. She had smiled, nodding in understanding to how Charlie felt. Claire knew her better than anyone else did, and she knew that Charlie's icy cold exterior that was all she could find of him for years had melted. She saw warmth in his heart, and a look of longing in his eyes whenever Sophie's name was mentioned. She knew that Charlie was in love, and knew that he was simply too confused and afraid to admit it. Words cannot describe the way that he felt when he saw her again; walking towards him with that same smile that he had fallen in love with. She looked beautiful and he admitted that to her, chuckling nervously when he saw the blush creeping over her cheeks. He had looked around after she had walked into the church, expecting to see Victor striding towards him. He felt the hope rise in his heart when Victor never came. The wedding was perfection, and Charlie loved seeing his grandmother so happy, but he wasn't really thinking of her. He listened to all the speeches, especially watching the blonde haired girl who had captured his heart when the letter was read out. He watched her so carefully; he could see the tears rising in her eyes as she looked at him and Patricia. He didn't understand why she was upset and when he saw her stand from her chair and run away, he knew he had to go and comfort her. After all, her fiancée wasn't with her. Charlie gave a little smile of hope at the thought. If Victor wasn't there with her, comforting her when she needed it most, maybe he didn't love her or she didn't love him. Seeing her there on the balcony, with the tears in her eyes and hearing her confess to him her feelings made him realise he had to do the same. \"I love you Charlie\" She said looking down at him \"But that shouldn't matter, you are here with Patricia\". Charlie stayed silent before chuckling. \"I'm an idiot, there are two Patricia's. The one I couldn't care less about and my cousin, who is here. There's only one Sophie, and I am completely, utterly, absolutely, madly in love with her\". There it was. The smile that he had not been able to stop thinking about for months, she smiled at him and nodded. \"But you're engaged…\" Charlie couldn't allow himself to relax completely. \"I'm not\" She said suddenly. \"I left Victor… for you\". Charlie smiled brightly, she was his. \"I love you Sophie, I love so much I don't think I can put it into words anymore. I've never met anyone like you before, and wow, you changed my life more than I could ever imagine\". Without another word, he looked up at her and reached for the vines, starting to climb to her like Romeo reaching for his Juliet…. Thanks for reading… please review :)[Chapter 2] Charlie paused outside the door, taking the time it took him to dig the key from his pocket to appreciate the feeling of excitement he was experiencing. He never thought that he would be excited to be returning home from work. He smiled at the thought of it all. When he had been living in London, he usually preferred to stay at the office until the early hours of the morning so that he would only have to suffer being alone in his small apartment for a few hours before returning to work. Sometimes he stayed with his grandmother for the company as the apartment he had brought to give himself independence felt lonely and isolated when he was staying there alone. It gave him too much time to think about how lonely he was, and how he wished he could allow himself to think about what he could have if he just opened up to others that could have helped him. It did not feel much better when Patricia was with him. Yes, it was nice when she would lie against him on the sofa as they watched television but to him it seemed that there were both there for the same reason and it was not the right reason for them to be together. To Charlie it had seemed as if they were two people that simply craved the company to stop them feeling isolated from the world. They were there for the company, not the romance of being together. Patricia worked as much as he did, and work kept them apart from any sort of real relationship from starting. Even with two people there, Charlie's London apartment felt empty and lonely. And he hated it. Now, as he stood before the door of the small but perfect New York apartment, he felt excited. And he understood why. He wasn't alone, or in a relationship that did not feel real. The apartment wasn't the place where he would sit alone, wallowing in his thoughts of what he could have. No. He had everything there. Within the small apartment was everything that meant the world to him and the thought of that made him smile. Pulling the key from his pocket, he opened the door slowly as not to startle her and put his case and papers on the table in the kitchen and walked through to the lounge. It was late, and he had half expected the lounge to be empty, with all the lights turned off and everything quiet. A gentle glow of a single lamp lit the room and the sound of the late night news from the television reached him. He smiled. \"Sophie?\" he said softly walking around the couch. The sight that met him made him melt. Sophie was curled against the back of the couch, her head resting on her hand and a book open across her lap, her breathing soft as she soundly slept. She had waited up for him, but the tiredness of a day at work for her also had beaten her. Smiling softly, Charlie gently sat besides her not wanting to scare her awake. He moved the book to the table before pushing a strand of her long blonde hair behind her ear and leaning forward to plant a soft kiss on her forehead. His smile lit up his pale blue, almost grey, eyes as he saw her eyelids flutter open like butterfly wings and he saw the stunning ocean blue of her eyes. \"You're home\" She whispered sleepily, sitting up to face him better. \"Yes\" Charlie smiled stroking her face with his hand gently. \"And you didn't have to wait up for me\". Sophie smiled moving forward and sleepily wrapping her arms around him, pressing herself against his chest and taking in his warmth. \"I wanted to see you\" She smiled listening to his heartbeat. Charlie wrapped her in his arms, running his hand through her hair and inhaling her scent of citrus fruits as he pressed a kiss into her hair. He couldn't get over how much he loved her and how good it felt just to hold her close. \"I know baby, but I told you I was working late tonight\" He whispered. \"I know you are tired too, you work as hard as I do\". As he spoke, he moved himself back against the couch, keeping Sophie secure and comfortable in his arms. As tired as he was himself, he wanted to enjoy the feeling of his beautiful girl lying in his arms for a little while longer. He rested back on the couch, allowing Sophie to lie against him, resting on his chest. \"I missed you so of course I was going to stay up to see you come home\" Sophie said sleepily, cuddling against his body. \"I missed you too, I always do\" Charlie said. Moving slowly so not to disturb Sophie, he pulled the blanket down from the back of couch and spread it over the both of them. \"I love you\" He whispered although knowing that she probably hadn't heard him. He just wanted to say it out loud. He looked down at her, seeing her eyes closed and her breathing steady. As she slept, she held his hand as if afraid to let him go. It wasn't like this with Patricia. She would not have waited up for Charlie to return home from work. Most nights she wasn't even in when Charlie got home. She was the sort of person to go out every night if she could, never Charlie was with her or not. With Sophie, he knew that she would be there when he got home. She would make sure that there was some dinner for him if he had been working late, she would always be there to cuddle with and listen when he needed to talk and she would always greet him with a smile. She was his sweet girl, someone who made him feel lucky to be there and she meant everything to him. He fell asleep with her in his arms that night, his cheek nestled against her head as he held her close. He couldn't imagine this with Patricia, no, just with his Sophie. Authors note I feel that this is nowhere near my normal standard but I felt so bad about leaving it so long without any update that I just had to put something on here. ","Summary":" I thought of this suddenly and wrote it quickly, wanting to get across the story of this amazing fi"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Angel of Darkness","Author":"AngelxCloud","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10836007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer; i don't own cloud(wish I did) or final fantasy Chapter 1 The pounding of the music hurt his ears, the constantly flashing lights bugged his eyes and blinded him. Cloud was annoyed at the fact he landed in a human bar. Cloud knew his father wouldn't approve of what was happening all around him. The music stopped and the announcer spoke over the speakers \"Ladies and gentlemen the moment you've all been waiting for, the angel of dance and song!\" Everybody cheered and the lights dimmed to a blood red color as a woman stepped on stage. She had shoulder length black hair, in the light her eyes were the darkest night with no stars or moon. She was curvy and beautiful. She stood in front of the mic and spoke with a silky voice, \"Hello, are you ready?\" The crowd roared in response, causing a soft smile to play on her lips. This night is alive with the smell of insane Its reaching for me and its calling my name I beg for silence to drown out their weep How did this asylum become where I sleep Clouds eyes widen when her voice seem to change to fit the song St. John by we are the fallen. So ashamed of waking All my life you failed to keep me safe My whole world's forsaken Won't let you destroy my faith again All my Questions get no answers Locked up tight from the world outside me Mommy come get me out tonight All my Questions have no answers I can feel the fear inside me Mommy come get me out tonight So close I almost could taste my own grave My moment of selfishness caused by your pain Almost threw this life you gave me away In this institution for you now I pray So ashamed of waking All my life you failed to keep me safe My whole world's forsaken Won't let you destroy my faith again All my Questions get no answers Locked up tight from the world outside me Mommy come get me out tonight All my Questions have no answers I can feel the fear inside me Mommy come get me out tonight Forgive me With wings adorn me So I can fly All my Questions get no answers Locked up tight from the world outside me Mommy come get me out tonight All my Questions have no answers I can feel the fear inside me Mommy come get me out tonight Mommy come get me out tonight Everybody screamed for another song. The \"Angel\" sang and danced for a entire hour on stage til she said she wanted to dance the rest of the night. Cloud was shocked, never had he ever, EVER came across a human who could alter her voice as he'd just witnessed. He wanted to meet her but the crowd surrounded her on the dance floor, all dancing and singing to blow by ke$ha (not that cloud knew who that was). Why did he come down here anyways? Cloud momentarily forgot how he'd came to the bar, then the memories came rushing back, him and his father fighting then storming out trying to clear his head. Giving up on meeting the deemed Angel, Cloud left the bar. Walking down an abandoned alley Cloud heard flapping. Gritting his teeth he spun around to face a familiar face and voice. A tall man landed hugging his fluffy white wings to his back. He had sky blue eyes, that all angels had and chocolate hair. \"Cloud, sir, your father wants yo...\" \"I'm not coming home when he wants me to!\" Cloud snapped. \"But...\" \"I'm not in the mood, Jerse! I'll come home when I'm ready not when he orders me!\" Cloud snarled, causing Jerse to open his wings in panic, not wanting to feel Clouds wrath. However, as soon as Jerses wings expanded a sword came flying out of nowhere and impaled them both, driving them into the nearby wall. this is my first story, so please go easy on me and sorry, I suck at third person pov[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Clouds P.O.V \"Jerse!\" I called in alarm at the sight of my friend being wounded. I spun around to face whoever threw the sword. All I saw was a female figure on the roof above holding a matching dagger. I spun back around and gripped the sword and hurled back at her. She caught the sword easily and dropped down before me. Shock coursed through my veins, it was the singer. Up close I noticed the mole under the corner of her right eye, which was no longer black, but a bloody red. \"I knew it!\" She snarled, her voice still silky, yet dangerous, \"When I saw you I knew, I knew you were HIS son! Leave, you are NOT welcome in MY city, Cloud!\" \"How do you know my name?\" I demanded, finally finding my voice. \"Everyone knows who Gods son is! Now leave!\" \"Who are you?!\" She looked at me through narrowed eyes. \"They call me Angel now LEAVE!\" \"No.\" \"You have to, your friend is losing a lot of blood...\" I completely forgot about Jerse! I spun around to help him up. When I had him supported I revealed my own large wings, but instead of being fluffy, mine were sleek and shiny. And took to the sky. Jerse was heavier than ANYONE would imagine, and put more strain on my wings. \"W..who was she?\" Jerse gasped. I looked down to see if Angel was still there, but there was nothing. \"I don't know, but she wasn't human or angel.\" It took a while to get to gate of heaven, but when I entered (thankfully) and several other angels lifted Jerse up and away to the infirmary. \"CLOUD!\" A booming voice echoed down the street. I sigh and look down at the road before looking at the huge figure coming my way on massive gold wings, causing all the angels on the street to bow. \"Yes, father?\" I sneer, not caring if it was disrespectful. My father was the creator of life itself, my father was the one and only God. Sorry its so short, chapter 3 will explain more about why Cloud is mad at daddy[Chapter 3] \"You left when I told you that Earth is right now NOT SAFE! You disobeyed me!\" Father roared. Landing in front of me. \"Why would I stay when I DONT want to be...\" \"It's not your decision! You cannot just leave, Cloud! You have a responsibility!\" \"Why?! You're immortal! You're NOT going to die! HOW DO I HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY!?\" \"Cloud you don't understand!\" \"Then tell me! And tell me WHY you never mentioned it before! By the way you make it sound, I was BETROTHED since birth!\" \"Cloud they were...\" \"NO! You know what? I actually DONT want to know!\" I snarled taking off to my room in the massive golden castle, flying at top speed. \"CLOUD!\" My father cried trying to catch up, but I'm not called the fastest flyer for nothing. I flew straight to my balcony and slammed the doors, nearly shattering the glass and activated the spell that allows no one to enter my huge room. I went to the speakers and blared Nobody's Listening by Linkin Park, to drown out the pounding and shouting of my father on the other side of the door. Smirking I changed the song to Numb by Disturbed. Father hates this song. Bleeding I'm Crying I'm Falling I'm Bleeding out. Oh Bleeding I'm Crying I'm Falling I'm Bleeding out I sang at the top of my lungs just to annoy him, but I didn't play it just to get on his nerves, I loved this and wanted to listen to it. It helped in soothing my anger a little. Bleeding now I'm Crying out I'm Falling down and I'm Feeling nothing like Laughing now I'm Stopping now I'm Reaching out and I'm Feeling nothing I thought over everything that happened in the past hour. Who was this \"Angel?\" Yeah, you've created a rift within me Now there have been several complications That have left me feeling nothing I might say, you were wrong to take it from me Left me feeling nothing I recognized the sword she'd used, but I didn't know where. She even had a matching dagger! Crawling now I'm Beaten down I'm Tortured now and I'm Feeling nothing like Hunting now I'm Stalking now I'm Reaching out and I'm Killing nothing I laid in my bed, trying to remember. Yeah, you've created a rift within me Now there have been several complications That have left me feeling nothing I might say, you were wrong to take it from me Left me feeling nothing I can feel you ripping and tearing Feeding and growing inside of me Ripping and tearing and Feeding and growing inside of me I want this, more than you know I need this, give it back to me You've created a rift within me You are the cause of these horrid complications That are ripping and tearing and feeding and growing inside of me Yeah, you've created a rift within me Now there have been several complications That are ripping, tearing Feeding, growing Ripping, tearing Ripping and tearing and feeding and growing inside of me I want this More than you know I need this Give it back to me I gasped, getting up and went to my book shelf and scanned through the many books I had, looking for the ancient battles between my father and Lucifer, the Devil. I scanned through the illustrations, looking for my favorite one. It was the only one that actually looked like my father and Lucifer, both locked in battle before I was born. And sure enough, in Lucifers right hand held the sword that spared Jerse's wings, and in his left held the matching dagger. Was Angel one if the Devils top demons? No, I would've felt her presence. My head started throbbing. My dad left, thankfully, so I turned the song to a soft melody. And climbed in my bed. I awoke in the middle if the night. Screaming from the streets reaching my room. I jumped out of bed and ran towards the balcony, ripping the doors open. I felt shock course through my body. Most the houses on the street were on fire, demons and angels locked in battle in the street. I quickly strapped on my armor and grabbed my sword, diving from the balcony. Disclaimer; I don't own any final fantasy characters or god and devil I DO NOT KNOW IF I WILL BE CONTINUING THIS STORY! I have another story like this one but the plot is different and so are the characters (that I need to continue lol... And type upXP) please review[Chapter 4] I do not own any final fantasy character Angel's P.O.V. I watched the angels leave, a scowl on my face. Why were they here? I felt a tugging sensation and knew my master was calling me. I let myself descend down, guessing what was coming next. As soon as my heeled boots touched the ground I dropped to a knee. \"Is it true? God's son has came to the surface?\" He demanded. \"And rise, I told you, you don't need to bow.\" \"Yes, it's true.\" I answered, rising. \"What was his business?\" \"I do not know, I wounded his friend and he left quickly.\" \"I want you to lead a team up there and discourage any thought of attacking us.\" \"What!?\" That was the exact opposite of what I was expecting. \"You heard me, take your warriors.\" I bowed my head. \"Yes...father.\" Clouds P.O.V. Why were the demons attacking? I wondered as I landed, slicing my blade through a nearby demon. However all my movements stopped as my eyes landed on her. The armor she wore molded to her form perfectly, which looked like it was on fire itself. The sword and dagger was the ones in the painting. Angel looked like an avenging goddess fighting the angels that challenged her. I shook my head to clear it and begun to fighting back. \"Retreat! They have mistress! Retreat!\" A disgruntled voice rang out. I snapped my head to where I last seen Angel, seeing her in my father's grip by the throat, her nails clawing his arm trying to get him to let her go, her legs kicking. Father's massive gold wings spread out, as he held her (well away from his person), before slamming her into a nearby wall, knocking her out. The demons were long gone by the time I reached him, binding Angel. \"What are you going to do with her?\" I asked, avoiding eye contact. I felt his suspicious eyes on me but I still refused to look at him, staring intently at Angel. \"I going to question her, to see why she attacked out of nowhere. \"And if she doesn't comply?\" \"Simple...I kill her.\" I bit my lip from rejecting. Why does she make me panic about her safety? My mind wondered as I watched angels carry her away. I ignored my father and went back to my room, removing my armor and hung my sword up and took a shower. Why should I care about her? She hurt Jerse! She attacked us in the middle of the night. But still... I stopped there. No... I can't think like that. I climbed back in bed, letting sleep claim me again. I woke with the visions of last night playing in my head. Father should be questioning her by now. I quickly got dressed and went to the dungeon, peeking through the ,cracked door. Angel was wake, and very angry. Her arms were pinned above her head, suspended in the air, her feet a good foot off the ground. \"Why did you attack!?\" My father demanded, obviously displeased. \"I told you, I REFUSE TO BETRAY MY MASTER!\" She snarled. \"If you answer I will let you go.\" He reasoned. \"I will say only this... If you do not let me go this whole town will burn with his rage.\" She lowered her head in warning. Then I felt the cool feel of metal against my throat... A dagger. A hand grabbed a fistful of my blonde hair, further exposing my throat. \"Move or say a word and you die!\" A voice growled as my father laughed. \"Why should your master care? He's never came when I've held any other of his followers... What makes you think he'll come for you?\" I knew who was behind me ... The Devil. He HAD come for her, telling me what she was...a demon. But why was this one special? Father was right the Devil never, never, came for his captured demons. The devil kicked open the door pushing me forward, my fathers eyes widening when he saw me in the hands of his enemy. \"Release her and I'll release your son.\" He growled. I struggled, a wing exposing itself. \"What's so special about this one? Hmm? Why do you storm this castle for this one demon, while countless others have died here?\" Father questioned, not making any move to release Angel. The dagger dug into my skin, breaking it so blood would run down my neck. Father scowled at my blood, \"Don't you dare harm him.\" He roared. \"Then release my daughter!\" He snarled, his hand in my hair tightening. Daughter?! When had the devil ever had any children? I saw the same reaction in my fathers eyes, though he didn't show any emotion on his face. Angel then cried out, her wrists burning. She struggled uselessly trying to get away from the chains, which were saturated in holy water. \"Now!\" He snarled again, he growled, letting the dagger to dig farther in my skin. \"Father just do it!\" I snap. Why was he taking his time?[Chapter 5] A/N This story Is discontinued, I doubt many people actually liked it anyways, but I'm sorry if any body DID like it. I just randomly started it, as my first story. I MIGHT continue, but chances are very slim. ~Angel ","Summary":" Disclaimer; i don't own cloud(wish I did) or final fantasy Chapter 1 The pounding of the music hurt"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl Book I","Author":"Kallista Kristen Feira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10231145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Sunday, March 30, 2014 at 9:18 P. M… 3/30/14 at 9:18 P. M…[Chapter 2] Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Chapters And Parts Part I Summary… Author's Note… Characters… Prologue… Chapter I – Summoned… Chapter II – Heading out to From the Capital, Roran, Search for the Person with the Phoenix Power… Chapter II – Day One of the Search… Part II Chapter III – At the Village of Caister… Chapter IV – Spending the Night at the Caister Inn… Chapter V – At the Pyria Safehaven… Chapter VI – Day Two of the Search Following the Fugitives… Chapter VII – Pryian Council Meeting… Part III Chapter VIII – Alexandrina's Training… Chapter IX – Drina's Talk with Council Member and Guardian Virion… Chapter X – Watching Some New Fugitive Arrive… Chapter XI – Getting Ready For Dinner… Chapter XII – The Phoenix Person Found… Part IV Chapter XIII – Fugitives Assigned Rooms Part I… Chapter XIV – Fugitives Assigned Room Part II… Chapter XV – At Dinner Part I… Chapter XVI – At Dinner Part II… Chapter XVII – Wandering Part I… Part V Chapter XVIII – Wandering Part II… Chapter XIX – That Night Part I… Chapter XX – That Night Part II… Chapter XXI – Gaining the Phoenix Girl's Trust… Chapter XXII – Attacked By Shadow Wolves' Part I… Part VI Chapter XXIII – Attacked By Shadow Wolves' Part II… Chapter XXIV – Held Captive… Chapter XXV – Going Back Home to Roran with the Phoenix Girl Day I… Chapter XXVI – Confusing Emotion's… Chapter XXVI – Going Back Home to Roran with the Phoenix Girl Day II… Stunning Revelation… On Empress Misericordia Rozen…[Chapter 3] Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Summary… The story also has a bit of Romance in it other than the other two genres I already picked for it. Sephiroth is a General to an Evil, Cruel, and Sadistic Empress named Misericordia Rozen and her triplet sisters named Zaphara Rozen, and Viktoria Rozen in this story and series. He is sent to find a person that has Powerful Phoenix Powers and to bring her back to the Empress and her sisters. His target's name is Alexandrina Maelia Saria Crystal, and she is an Immortal Halfling that has Phoenix Powers along with other powers. She is also a Power Celestial Being. And she is one of many.[Chapter 4] Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Author's Note… I don't own any of the Final Fantasy Characters. But I do own all the other characters. And I hope you like this story. Please tell me if you do and/or give me some tips to make it better I will appreciate it greatly. Enjoy.[Chapter 5] Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Characters Misericordia Rozen Zaphara Rozen Viktoria Rozen Virion Pryian Council Member Cierra Norah Stephanie Crystal Kendrick Haron Durant Crystal Irisa Selestia Katerina Crystal Celestial Being Durant Jullian Clarence Crystal Pryian Council Member Apprentice Alexandrina \"Drina\" Maelia Saria Crystal The Phoenix Girl, Celestial Being, And Pryian Council Apprentice Galatea The Healer Carina Healer Apprentice Thyia Healer Apprentice Sephiroth also known as Aubrey for a while Kadaj Yazoo Loz Vincent Reuben The Innkeeper Isabel Natasha Yuffie Tifa Denzel Marlene Cloud Other Pryian Council Member's Cornelius Vasili Vasari Galen Nicodemus Logan Maryah Penelope Darcie Marcie Alani Other Pryian Council Member's Apprentice Markalla Noah Anthony Harlan Marshall Christian Kristen Scarlett Serenity Felicity Colette Others Arenea Patricia April Violette Skylar Valeria Valerie Allison Trisha Tiffany Whitney Courtney Chania Theresa Therese Aeleora Thespia Periphoia Rashelle Noelle Natalie Hallie Bishop Marcellus Solomon Baron Cole Drake Rollin Voron Demiryu Nathaniel Gregory Joel Nasir Zaor Taylor Zaire Zaos Gaeleath Elion Aien Merith Arlen ","Summary":" Final Fantasy VII: The Phoenix Girl… Book I… Sunday, March 30, 2014 at 9:18 P. M… 3/30/14 at 9:18 P"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"When She Got A Good Look At The New Guy","Author":"Technoguy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12851186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When she got a good look at the new guy whose name happens to be Matt Stifler, Dani thought he was just a sex crazed loser but that was before he turned his life around and she also welcomed him to band camp with open arms. ","Summary":" When she got a good look at the new guy whose name happens to be Matt Stifler, Dani thought he was "},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Goodnight Kiss","Author":"ScribbleDibble","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1562298","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't let the cheesy title fool you, this is a comedic tale of Stifler's POV after AP2, and how he deals with his mom and Finch's kinky relationship. Goodnight Kiss Steven Stifler tipped his chair back, resting it on it's back legs. One week until he went back to East Lansing for college. His bedroom was becomming crowded with boxes, boxes that weren't even filled yet. He coasted back further on his chair, thinking of how he would kill the rest of the night. He could pack some of his things. He could have a beer or two. He could climb through Paul Finch's window and strangle the sorry mother-fucker until he went to hell. The guy had been a thorn in his side since the day they met. Always trying to make him look stupid with his \"sophisticated\" wit and his Tantric lifestyle. But he had pushed it too far the night he had slept with Stifler's beloved mother. The fight later went down in history. While they both got fairly hurt, Stifler was the one who had had to go to the hospital to get stitches where Finch had bit him. Three days ago, history had repeated itself. Only Finch was nowhere to be found and Stifler wasn't able to impale him on a flagpole. Stifler should have known his pampered, perfect life would come to this. His parents, both single, spoiled him and his younger brother rotten. Stifler himself was a god, with parties, with ladies, and looked up to by all the guys at school. Except for a few independant-minded losers he had spent the summer with. Even his former friend, Chris 'Oz' Ostreicher had gone manogamous on him, not even seeing the humor in him having a sneak preview of Oz's phone sex with his girlfriend, Heather. \"I used to be a genius,\" he mumbled pitifully to himself. \"I am gonna kill Shitbreak.\" His door swung open. His mother, a leggy blonde that appeared ten years younger than her age, yet still a classic beauty, was standing in the frame, her usually bitter smirk replaced with a slightly warm smile. He hated to think where that smile had come from. \"You talking to someone?\" she asked. \"Nah,\" he mumbled. \"Just wanted to say nighty-night,\" she said cheerily, full of corn. \"Yeah, nighty-night,\" he groaned. She chuckled. \"Don't be so moody, Steven. You've been staying up way too late lately.\" \"I'm nineteen mom,\" he complained, \"I don't need a bedtime.\" His mom rolled her eyes happily, then, to Stifler's horror, she bent down and kissed him on the forehead. \"MOM!\" he cried, nearly falling off the back of the chair, \"Don't do that?\" She crossed her arms. \"You used to be my baby boy,\" she said softly, \"What happened?\" 'You showed a sudden interest in men two months older than me,' he wanted to say. Instead, he took the more subtle approach and muttered, \"Who knows who your lips have been on?\" She smiled with delight. \"You know who. Your friend Finch.\" This time he really fell off the chair. \"What?!\" he demanded, trying to pull himself up on the side of the bed. \"Oh, I know that you know,\" she said nonchalantly. \"Finchy told me.\" \"Finchy?\" he asked in disbelief. \"He tells me alot,\" she said simply, as if it that kind of thing happened every day. \"Give me his e-mail adress one of these days. I don't want to lose touch with him like I did last year.\" Stifler stayed quiverring on the floor, gazing as his mom as she walked slowly out of the room. \"Oh, fuck.\" ","Summary":" Don't let the cheesy title fool you, this is a comedic tale of Stifler's POV after AP2, and how he "},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"American donut","Author":"Nyt3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1778325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] American Donut ****HI! I'm NYT3! This is my second American pie fanfic...actually I'm doingnthis because American pie is one of my all time favourites and since therenaren't much fanfics about it on the net...:P anyway...hope u like it and...sorrynfor the spelling...I'm French and spelling is one thing I don't really carenabout...tanx anyway! Review a lot please...(reviews are a good motivation toncontinue a fanfic!!:P:D)**** Mr.Levinstein- Jim, are you ready? Jim- Yeah dad, I'm coming. *Jim comes down the stairs and enters the kitchen where he picks up a glassnof orange jus. His dad then comes in the room* Mr.Levinstein- Ow Jim, before you go...we have to...talk. Jim- Owkay... *Mr. Levinstein puts his arm around his son's shoulders and guides him tonthe table* Mr.Levinstein- Look son... you're already 17 and I know how it's important ton\"have fun\" when you're that age. I personally had fun in my old high schoolndays. We used to sit in circles and sing... Jim- Ok...enough dad... Mr.Levinstein- Eh...of course. So I thought about it and I think you shouldnkeep this with you now. *He hands out a condom* Mr.Levinstein- I know it's a little hard at first but I know you'll makenthe god choice of using it. And don't worry... it may be tight at first butnit's normal... Jim- Dad... I-CAN'T-BELIEVE-THIS!!! What the hell are you showing me THATnfor??!! Mr.Levinstein- Well...when you accomplish the...thing...with a girl friend, ifnyou don't want to... Jim- I KNOW what it's for dad!! I just don't think I need it! Mr.Levinstein- Ow...well just put it in a pocket. I assure you, it'll come innhandy. Jim- Ow my god... *Jim passes his hand on his face* ---------------------nAmerican Pien\"American donut\" Intron--------------------- Oz- Your dad gave you a condom?! Jim- Well yeah! Oz- Hehe...I meen it could actually come in hand... Jim- Shut up Oz! Oz- Ok ok...just trying to help...And after all, your dad's not wrong about onenthing. We're sophomores! No more little words or phone talks with girls. Wenactually have to get in the action! Jim- Maybe you're right Oz. But it does seem a little strange though... Oz- Don't worry latex man. Daddy gave you all the equipment you need. Jim- ...What the...?? *A little behind them, Kevin is walking, looking his feet and muttering,nwhich is why he can't see the two other guys* Kevin- Look, vickye... I was just wondering if we could... have a cop of coffeensometime...or you know, a cup of tea if you prefer... Or a...Man! I'm screwed! *He's about to cross East great falls high's entrance when someone runsnafter him* Kevin- She'll never go out with me...(sigh) Finch- After endurment always comes reward. Kevin- Hey Finch! How was summer? Finch- Well, pretty hot, let's say... Kevin- You met a girl?!! Finch- No...I just went to Marocco...but Kevin- Ow...anyway, I'm screwed... Finch- Don't worry my friend. I have personally decided to begin women huntnmyself. We are 17 after all. Kevin- Yeah well... we have two choices... We don't get girls and then we'll beneven more booed then the \"Shurmanator\", or we actually achieve our goalnsuccessfully and we'll enter the other world: the \"adult world\". Finch- Although we won't be acclaimed...I could take the personal feeling ofnvictory....yes... Kevin- well...eh...yeah....anyway... *The four boys finally meet at the 2nd floor* ","Summary":" American Donut ****HI! I'm NYT3! This is my second American pie fanfic...actually I'm doingnthis be"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Something Different","Author":"jakelovera7x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3937224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's the gang's last year of school, and the new girl from Chicago is distracting them all from planning for college. She's sexy, funny, and most of all; loves to party. She's Stifler's dream come reality, but he has to fight for her...against his own friends. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WE WILL NOW BE LANDING. PLEASE FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS AND HOLD ON TO ALL LOOSE ITEMS. THANK YOU. Came over the speaker on the plane. I sat up straight and put my phone in my pocket, putting my seatbelt on as I felt some turbulence. When the plane landed, I got up along with the 2 elderly women next to me. I followed the line of people off the plane and into the chilly airport. I went to the baggage claim and grabbed my 2 suitcases, then ventured to the doors and watched for my old friend, Michelle. When I saw her pull up, I grabbed my stuff and headed outside to meet her. \"Shayne!\" Michelle yelled, running to me and engulfing me in a hug. I hugged back, then pulled away and looked at her. \"You haven't changed a bit.\" I stated, and she wiggled her eyebrows. \"You have. Your boobs got bigger, along with your back end.\" She laughed, grabbing one of my bags and heading to the car. \"So what have you been up to since I left for California?\" Michelle asked as we got in her car. \"Oh you know the usual. Trying to get into modeling. Working.\" \"That's good. Has anyone come along yet?\" \"No. But I like being single. It's fun.\" I grinned as she drove down the road. After a while of talking, we were at Michelle's house, and we grabbed my bags and went inside. \"Shayne!\" Michelle's parents said, smiling at me as I walked in the door. \"Hey guys. How are ya?\" I asked, setting my stuff down to receive hugs from the 2. \"Great, how've you been?\" \"Good. I'm really glad you guys are letting me stay here until I find a decent job. It's really sweet of you.\" I smiled, then followed Michelle upstairs to my new room. She set the bags on the bed and turned to me. \"Well, it's only Saturday. Later on I'm going to a party with my friends. And you're going with me.\" She smiled sweetly, then left the room so I could unpack. After I had unpacked, I went downstairs to see Michelle in the kitchen, dressed in tight fitting jeans and a belly shirt. \"Going somewhere?\" I asked. \"Party. Remember?\" She asked/ \"It's this early?\" I asked. \"No, but I'm meeting Jim at the restaurant and we're going to go to Finch's house and chill before the party.\" \"Oh. When are we leaving?\" \"Half hour.\" \"Oh, shit!\" I said, running upstairs to get ready. I put on a cute plaid black skirt and a gold tank top with some gold flip flops and left my hair down and wavy. I put a bit of eyeliner and lip gloss on and went downstairs to find Michelle sitting on the couch. \"that was pretty fast. lets go girlie.\" She giggled, and I followed her out to her car. We got in and left. \"So just a warning. My friends are probably going to try and get in your pants as soon and you walk in the door, so be careful.\" She said, giving me a serious look. I laughed and she sped on down the road. When we go to the small but adorable restaurant, we went inside and Michelle looked for her boyfriend. \"Oh, there he is!\" She said, and we walked over and sat in the booth. Me sitting across from the couple. \"Jim, this is my friend Shayne. Shayne, this is Jim.\" Michelle said happily, kissing his cheek. \"Olah.\" I smiled, and he said hi. (Yes I know I spelled hola wrong but I like it that way). \"So are we ready to go?\" Jim asked us. \"I thought we were going to eat here.\" \"Oh, okay then w-we can eat here.\" He smiled at Michelle, then called a waitress over. \"What can I get ya?\" She asked us all. \"I'll have a salad.\" Michelle said, then the woman looked at me. \"I'll have a salad also. With ranch.\" I smiled, and she left. After eating and talking to Michelle and Jim, i learned that Michelle's boyfriend was actually pretty clumsy and well, obnoxious at times. But she seems so in love. Then we all went out and got in Michelle's car, going to her other friend's house. when we got there, we walked in and Jim called out for Finch. we heard a faint yell coming from downstairs, so we all went downstairs into the basement, where 4 other guys sat, laughing and joking around and playing video games. \"hey guys. I want you to meet my friend Shayne.\" Michelle said, and they were all watching the TV screen, not really paying attention. \"Does he have beer?\" One of them asked, and I laughed silently. He thought I was a guy because my name was Shayne. \"No she does not have beer Kevin.\" Michelle corrected, and they all turned to look at me. It felt like one of those moments where the world stopped and went silent, and you felt under pressure because everyone in the room was staring at you. It also made me sort of uncomfortable. I smiled slightly, but they all kept staring at me. \"Hi guys.\" I said, and the cutest out of all of them spoke up. \"Holy shit!\" The guys laughed slightly but wouldn't take their eyes off me. \"She's got legs for miles.\" One of them said slowly, and I recognized him from the description Jim gave me as Finch. \"Come on guys she's right here and she can hear every word. I don't want you telling her your wet dreams.\" Michelle said, sitting next to Finch on the couch. \"Uh oh. One of you guys move so Shayne can sit down.\" Michelle told them. \"Fuck you, she can sit on my lap.\" The cute one said. \"I'll move.\" Ooh. He's gorgeous. Talk again boy; your words are like silk. I thought to myself. ","Summary":" It's the gang's last year of school, and the new girl from Chicago is distracting them all from pla"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Let's Make A Little Bet","Author":"SuperChicky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4005861","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titlen: Let's Make A Little Bet Titlenof chapter : I Think I've Fallen In Love Summaryn: Stifler still hadn't find the woman of his dreams, and decides tonmake a bet with Finch. About what? What do you think? Author'snNote: Hey everybody! I decided to make my very first American Pienfic! I never liked American Pie, but when I saw it I thought it wasnpretty good. I just never liked it because my parents didn't want mentoo. Lol. I made a Stifler fic, cuz' he's so damn funny! 'Hey,nhow you doin', little hottie.' Stifler asked with his charming smilenas he pushed his way through the crowd of people in the danceclub.nThe girl just grinned. Stifler handed Finch a beer. 'See anything younlike, Finchfucker?' He asked. 'She'snhot.' Finch pointed at someone nervously. 'Whonthe fuck is 'she', they're all fucking hot.' He laughed and took ansip of his beer. 'Thatngirl over there.' He pointed at a girl dancing with a tall guy. 'Younknow what, Finchfucker? You're never gonna get her. Cuz' I'm gonna benthere first.' He patted him on the shoulder. Finchnglared at him, but he knew he wasn't able to talk and ... not passnout or something. 'Hey,nhow you doin' babe?' Stifler yelled at the pretty girl. She smiled. 'I'mnhere with my boyfriend, so don't even try.' 'Alnright. Where's he?' Stifler asked, while dancing. 'Behindnyou.' She said. Stiflernturned, and saw the chest of a guy. Uh-oh.nThis is not good. Henthought. 'Well, I gotta go, have a nice dance.' He danced his waynover back to Finch. When he was out of sight, the pretty girlnlaughed. 'You always work. Thanks for doing this.' Thenguy smirked. 'The 6thntime!' They laughed. Michellenwas in the livingroom when Jim appeared. 'Want some pie?' 'No,nthat's okay.' She looked up from her magazine when he wanted to walknaway. 'Jim!' He looked at her. 'I love you.' Jimnsmiled. 'Love you too.' He walked to the kitchen again. 'That's thenmillionth time she said that...' He wanted to take a piece of pienwhen he remembered: '...today.' Stiflernwalked to his car, followed by a few guys. 'Take this...suckerss!!!'nHe showed his middle finger. His car didn't have a roof, so he jumpednin his car, over the door. 'C'mon Finchfucker, we don't have allnday!' Finch stepped in the car calmly, but when he wanted to closenhis door, Stifler stepped on the gas. 'The Stifmaster will come back,nlosers!' He screamed at the guys before racing out of the street. Thennext sunday... 'Hey,nwhere's Stifler? I gotta ask him something?' Keving asked Jim. 'Don'tnask me! He's probably trying to hook up with a girl. Stifler didn'tnchange, if you ask Finch. Finch went to the club with Stifler.' Jimnsaid, chuckling and thinking about it. 'Yeah,nit was awful. I was sitting there all night long while drinking beer.nStifler got all the girls.' Finch complained. 'Whatndo you expect? You asked for it.' Jim and Kevin answered. 'Yeah,nand that was the most stupid decision of my life.' Finch said. Inna fast food restaurant... 'Onenhamburger.' Stifler said, leaning on the table. Thenwaitress noted it on a piece of paper. 'One hamburger. Will be rightnback.' She walked to another costumer. Stifler glared at her butt.n'Holy crap, she's got some!' He grimaced. The waitress turned,nderived. 'Excusenme?' 'Nothing.'nStifler threw his hands in the air as a defence. The waitress wantednto turn to the other costumer. She took their orders, and looked atnStifler. 'You know what? I think I know you! You're that crazy hotnguy from the club!' 'Notnexactly. I'm just a hot guy, so you're probably wrong.' Stifler said. 'Funny.nI'll get your hamburger.' Jim'snphone rang. 'Jim.' 'Intotally did it, bitch!' Stifler practically yelled through the phone. 'Ohnreally?' Jim asked, without any interest. 'There'snthis chick I met in the club...I met her again! And you know what,nshe didn't even wanted to date or something! We got to her house andnwe did it! She's my mean sex machine and I'm hers! You know what,nloser? I think I've fallen in love!' He laughed. 'Donyou even know what love is, Stifler?' 'Indon't care! What I do know is that I feel goooood...' Stiflernpronounced the word 'good' with a weird low voice. 'Stifler...'nJim heard in the background. 'Gottango, shithead, the Stifmaster has some work to do!' He hung up. Jimnalso hung up. He stepped into bed. Michelle looked at him, smiling.n'I love you, Jim.' Jimngave her a look, but corrected himself. He smiled. 'I know you do,nMichelle. And I love you too.' He turned off the lights and sighed.nHe was getting a little tired of this. Author'snNote: What do you think? Is it worth reading it? Now, I really havento go, cuz' it's 00.01 and tomorrow morning I get my eyebrows fixed!nY'know...depilate and stuff. It's going to hurt. ","Summary":" Titlen: Let's Make A Little Bet Titlenof chapter : I Think I've Fallen In Love Summaryn: Stifler st"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"The Morning After","Author":"DazzleDust22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6841261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sun was just shining through the glass window, warming the whole room. Kevin smiled as he felt the warmth on his face, and turned to Vicky to see that she was staring up at the ceiling, frowning. Kevin's smile faded and sensing that she wasn't in a good mood, he lightly put his hand over hers on her abdomen. Vicky quickly got up and put on a long, white, button down and her panties. Kevin sat up. \"What's wrong Vic?\" No answer. She went up to the dresser, finger combing her hair, and adjusted her necklace to the middle of her chest. She kept sighing over and over again, worrying Kevin even more. She stood there, facing the mirror. Her eyes saw Kevin in the mirror, but she avoided looking at him. Instead she stared at herself. Finally, she looked at him through the mirror. As soon as there eyes locked, tears welled up in her eyes and spilled over. She let out a faint sob. Kevin got up immediately and held her shoulders, looking into her eyes. \"What's wrong Vicky? Is it about last night?\" She shook her head, biting her bottom lip. \"Then what's wrong? Please tell me Vic?\" Vicky took a deep breath and took his hand, guiding him back to the bed. He sat down on the edge, and so did Vicky. When she sat, Kevin grabbed her waist and pulled her onto her lap, holding her close. He waited for her to start. \"Kevin?\", whispered Vicky. \"Yeah?\" \"I'm going to miss you at college.\" Kevin finally understood. \"You know I will too Vic! So much...\" Vicky started sobbing again. \"I don't want to leave you! I want to stay with you. Our colleges are so far away from each other, we'll never see each other! This isn't going to work Kev\" \"Don't say that Vicky, it will work!\", he said, holding her tighter. She put her arms around his waist, as her sobbing turned into sniffles. \"I hope so too\". ","Summary":" The sun was just shining through the glass window, warming the whole room. Kevin smiled as he felt "},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"today started off like any other day","Author":"Uhtred Stormcrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3453569","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Today started off like any other day. The alarm clock went off at exactly 8:30, but feeling tired from last night's adventure Josh just pushed the snooze button, and slept in till 9. The alarm went off again. Cursing, josh finally got up, grabbed his stuff and jumped in the shower to wake up. Heading off to western civilization class, josh saw her. Brittany, the hottest girl on campus, the girl that he had slept with last night, was right in front of him. She stood about five feet six inches, auburn hair down to her shoulders, deep brown eyes that you could get lost in, and she had a smoking body. The first things guys always noticed about her were her D size rack. They just kind of hung out there for the world to see, and they looked nice and tan. Josh still couldn't believe that he had been with her last night. It all seemed like a dream. He had met her at City Limits, some club in downtown Raleigh. Josh had only gone because he was bored out of his mind and there was nothing to do. That and there was the promise of hot girls in a bikini bull riding contest. The whole bull riding thing seemed very redneck to josh, course the whole state of North Carolina was filled full of rednecks. But josh went anyways. They had all piled into his friends car, but there was a surprising addition. Brittany was this surprising addition. Josh's friend Jason had met her on campus, and they had got to talking. He told her that he was going clubbing tonight and she begged to go. Jason being how he is did not refuse her; he would have been out of his mind too. Everyone knows what happens at clubs. The whole trip there josh was quite. He was not exactly what u would call good at talking with people. If you got him on a subject that he knew he would talk, but he was not one to go looking for someone to talk to. Brittany, sitting in the backseat with josh and Jason, noticed how quiet he was. So she started talking to him, trying to loosen him up. Then out of the blue, she said something that blew his mind. She said \"I think you're cute\". This sent josh's heart soaring. Here he was, a shy guy who really did not think he looked good at all, being told by the hottest sexiest girl on campus that he was cute. Josh really did not know what to say to that, but being raised in Georgia his southern manners kicked in. \"Thank you\" he said, \"you look good yourself too.\" \"You're too kind\" said Brittany. \"No I really mean it, you are beautiful\" josh blurted out before he even realized what he was doing. He instantly turned a deep shade of red, his pulse quickened in embarrassment. Brittany just smiled knowingly, and then went on to talk to the other people in the car. Two of which were already drunk off a mixture of everclear and mountain dew. ","Summary":" Today started off like any other day. The alarm clock went off at exactly 8:30, but feeling tired f"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"American Vacation","Author":"thebab91","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3514590","Passage":"[Chapter 1] American Vacation A story by Martin J. Knuth -Chapter 1- \"Stiffler!\" Steve looked up to see a very fat, and disturbingly ugly looking man staring at him and invading his personal space bubble by nearly pressing his zit-covered nose against his own. He looked grossed out, but tried to keep a straight face as he stared back at him. \"Yes Mr. Dildolini?\" \"Stiffler, I'll say it once I'll say it again. The name is Dilidonali! Now, since I have your attention, I want you to get finished with that report on the O'doyle's case by 8 o'clock or else you're fired!\" Steve pulled back a little as one of Dilidonali's nose pimples popped and began to ooze. He squinted and tried to look away as the man inched closer to his face and the pimple pressed against his cheek. \"Oh god...\" Steven whispered under his breath and almost gagged, but stopped himself as the man backed off and walked away. Stiffler quickly wiped off the ooze on his cheek and then lost his lunch in a trash can under his desk. After that, he looked up to his page and began typing his report. A few hours later after typing and researching on the web he finally finished. He then saved and pulled up a screen to send it to his boss when a sex ad for hot women and enhancement drugs came up on the screen. He quickly clicked on it, and the picture went away. He then saw that a file was allready added to his message, so he thought he must have allready clipped it to the email. So he then clicked send and then ran over to the presontation room. It was 7:58, and he had no time to spare. He walked through the door and everyone was already sitting down and ready for the presontation. \"Stiffler, do you have it?\" Mr. Dilidonali asked seeing Steve run through the door. \"Just sent it to you sir.\" He said and Dilidonali then looked on a labtop next to a projector to see that he had received the e-mail. He clicked it twice and Steve smiled. \"It should be just what you asked for... sir.\" He said, making sure not to call him Dildolini. Dilidonali then turned on the projector and opened the email to see a dozen sex ads pop up on his screen. Everyone in the board room looked on in disgust as the looked at the women in the ads. Steve then realized the irony in what he said and began to try and contain a very hard laugh. But he was failing miserably. As everyone else realized the irony as well and began to laugh loudly. Dilidonali gave Steve a stare and then yelled out. \"STIFFLER!!!\" Steve walked out of the revolving doors to the building with a large box of supplies in his arms, and a look of failure on his face. This was the third job he'd been fired from in a year. \"I should have stuck with film making. But no, it was too degrading. I had to take a profesionalist's job and take a serious career path. Damn this sucks.\" He got in his car and then drove home to his apartment. It was a three room apartment with a kitchen, a part living room part bedroom and a bathroom. He dropped his stuff down on the kitchen counter and began to make himself a sandwich when a picture caught his eye. It was a picture of the American Pie Group, Steve, Jim, Kevin, Finch and Oz, all sitting infront of the Summer Beach house from Amreican Pie 2. Steve then began to nod his head as a brilliant idea came into his head. He quickly picked up his phone and called up Jim. Jim picked up the phone, wearing a business suit as he too had just came from his job. \"Hey Jim.\" He asked, Jim replied. \"Yeah, Stiffler, is that you?\" \"Yeah. Hey Jim, it's high time. Call everyone up, we're going on vacation!\" Steve said, not yelling it out, but expressing it with much enthusiasm. -End Chapter 1- ","Summary":" American Vacation A story by Martin J. Knuth -Chapter 1- \"Stiffler!\" Steve looked up to see a ver"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Stiffler and Bear","Author":"dcn1989","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2968556","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stiffler is at a gay bar and he meets up with his friends and they are fighting with thisrnguy name Bear who is gay. \"You know what not every gay man wants to fuck you.\" Stiffler hatesrnthe fact that nobody loves him. \"What are you talking about? Everybody wants a piece of thernStiffmeister.\" All the homos laugh at him. \"I'll show them.\" A couple minutes later a song starts and stiffler brings their attention with a dance. As Stiffler dances, Bear and his friends watch in suprise. Bear decides to join Stiffler. After the dance Stiffler, Jim, Kevin, and Finch walk out. \"For the first time you did soemthingrngood because now we got ourselfs a dress.\" Kevin says in happieness. Stiffler doesn't care. \"I didn't do it for the dress I just wanted to show them the who the Stiffmeister is.\" Bearrnwalks out and points at Stiffler as we walks away \"You got some moves there siffy.\" Stifflerrnrealizes that was good for the first time someone had a crush on him and he loves it inside butrnhe doesn't want people to know he actual now likes a guy for saying that. \"I told you he wanted rnto fuck me.\" He doesn't mean that inside he saying \"That is the most beautiful thing someone hasrnevar told me. ","Summary":" Stiffler is at a gay bar and he meets up with his friends and they are fighting with thisrnguy name"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"What if It hadn't been Granny in the Closet?","Author":"Arcane-Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1485427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What if.? It hadn't been Grandma in the Closet? Stifler raced away from Jim, Finch, and.,. the other one, and towards thenCloset, cursing them under his breath. 'Stupid fucking losers!' he muttered, 'What the hell did that retard Jimnthink he was doing, wasting my precious fucking time with that shit. \"Oh,nthank you for your help, I love you, blah blah blah blah blah.' He sped round the final corner and into the Closet, shutting the doornbehind him. 'Woah, it's dark in here. Hey baby, how long have you been waiting?' * * * * * 5 minutes ago Bear hummed 'Dancing Queen' as he strolled along the corridor. He wasnpleased with himself, having managed to get his paws (hee hee) on anninvitation to the wedding off Finch, in return for not telling everybody.,.nwell, that's another story. He had run out of towels in his room, and was going to find some more,ndressed only in a bathrobe. Bear had heard there was a linen closet nearnhis room, and that was where he was headed. He had reached his destination, and entered the surprisingly large closet,nand was searching for towels, when he heard the door close, submerging himnin total blackness 'Woah, it's dark in here,' he heard a voice say, 'Hey Baby, how long havenyou been waiting?' * * * * * Stifler reached out in the dark, and upon touching a bathrobe, he pullednits wearer towards him. 'Oh Baby.,.' he whispered, and planted a kiss on his companion's lips.nBear, after a moment of hesitation, kissed right back. After a short while,nStifler, still oblivious, slipped his hand into the bathrobe.,. * * * * * Cadence hurried along the corridor towards the Closet, having finallynmanaged to escape from her mother. She worried that she may have leftn'Steven' waiting for too long. Just as she was approaching it, Stifler hurtled out of the closet,ndesperately zipping up his pants, and ran blindly past her in his panic. 'Well,' thought Cadence, 'That's odd.' ","Summary":" What if.? It hadn't been Grandma in the Closet? Stifler raced away from Jim, Finch, and.,. the othe"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Beach Busted!","Author":"lonely girl1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1456835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beach Busted! ~!~!~!~!** Chapter 1 **!~!~!~!~ \"Jim, what the fuck did you do to my beach ball, man?\" Said Stifler, with a disgusted look on his face. \"Uh, sorry. I fell a sleep trying to blow it up last night and, well, kind of had a 'pleasant' dream about Nadia. Sorry, dude. I totally forgot about that.\" replyed Jim, swallowing hard. \"DUDE! You little shitface.\" snarled Stifler. Stifler and Jim walked over to Oz, Kevin, and Finch to load the truck with their beach items. There was an empty spot in the back of the truck, just enough room for three girls; Jessica, Vicki, and Nadia. \"Steven, please tell me that's not your lifeguard shirt.\" Sighed Finch. \"Fucking right! That's my chick magnet weapon. When I put it on and sit tall and pround in that lifeguard chair, the chicks will be on me within minutes.\" Said Stifler. \"Oh, please. You'll more than likely get caught by a REAL lifeguard. But it's not my problem.\" Laughed Finch. \"Come on Finch, let the man have some fun. It's not everyday hot girls will notice him. It's like....a blessing!\" Joked Kevin. \"You people are fucked up! You'll be tanning in the sun all by yourselves, wondering where the females are.\" Replyed Stifler. \"Yeah, we'll be wondering, alright. Then find out that you scared them all away when you took off your shirt.\" Said Oz. \"Suck this, Oz!\" Yelled Stifler, grabbing a hold of his dick. \"If we don't get going, the girls are going to leave without us. Come on you pussy's!\" Demanded Stifler. \"Yeah, yeah, alright. Are you picking them up at Jess' house?\" asked Kevin, \"Oh, I think they already got a head start. That looks like Jessica's Puffy mop of hair. Wait a minute, is THAT Nadia? Holy shit!\" The guys squinted their eyes to see what Kevin was so surprised about and all of their sweaty jaws dropped about 5 inches. ","Summary":" Beach Busted! ~!~!~!~!** Chapter 1 **!~!~!~!~ \"Jim, what the fuck did you do to my beach ball, man"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Stifler's mom","Author":"Angena","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1605710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok everyone our first AP fic, anyway hope you enjoy :) Thernoriginal song is not our, most of the lyrics are ours though. And we don't ownrnStifler, Finch, or Stifler's mom. Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler can I come over after school We can hang out, and play some pool. Did you mom get backrnfrom her business trip Is she there or isrnshe tryin to give me the slip You know I'm not the Wussy Finch that I used to be I'm all grown up now Stifler cant you see? Stifler's mom has got it going on She's all I've wanted and waited for so long Stifler cant you see your just not the one for me I know you grabbed my ass but I'm love with your mom Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler's mom has got it going on Stifler do you remember when I nailed your mom And you cam in and saw us getting it on I could tell you were jealous from the way you stared And the way she said, that's the spot right there And I know you think thatrnits just a fantasy But since your dad walked out your mom could use a guy like me Stifler's mom has got it going on She's all I've wanted and waited for so long Stifler cant you see your just not the one for me I know you grabbed my ass but I'm love with your mom Stifler's mom has got it going on She's all I've wanted and waited for so long Stifler cant you see your just not the one for me I know you grabbed my ass but I'm love with your mom ","Summary":" Ok everyone our first AP fic, anyway hope you enjoy :) Thernoriginal song is not our, most of the l"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"American summer","Author":"Nyt3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1445669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AMERICAN PIE (Fanfiction( -Ok, Jim. I'll be gone a week. I hope you can handle that time taking carenof the animals While the old lady was talking, a dog arrives under Jim's chair and startsnsniffing his leg -Well.of course. Embarrassed, he tries to hit the dog with the foot -I'm sure I can. The dog starts jumping Jim's leg. Jim hits him hard and the dog flies awaynwithout the old lady seeing that. -.handle it. ------------------------------- American pie (Title, intro, music) ----------------- -This job thing is so getting into my nerves! -Come on Jim, it' not THAT bad. Jim and Oz were walking in the park, each one holding a Pepsi can in theirnhand.nJim, stressed, had asked his friend if he could help him for the assignmentnhe had to do during the summer vacations. -Oz. You got this place in this sandwich thing way before the project. -Well.my dad IS the manager. -I'm screwed! I can't believe that old lady even chose me to take care ofnher animal clinic. -You're in an animal clinic? Gee! I think vets take too much vacations. -What do you know about it Oz? Well.for one thing, my great-great aunt was a vet. my parents used to leavenme at her clinic during the vacations, suppose they thought I'd like it.nanyway.never saw her curing dogs or shit. -Really? Well maybe her dogs didn't need medical attention. -Ya right. I can still remember the three-legged dog or the screaming catnor. -Ok ok. I got your point. Anyway. Where's Heather going? -Dunno.She sure was exited about it. That's all I know. At that moment, Finch, who was walking by, runs to them. -Gentlemen Shakes hand and then starts walking with Oz and Jim. -So Finch, what's up? -My friend, this is a beautiful summer time day, the weather is superb,neverything is fantastic.but there is something that is missing, somethingnwrong. -Share your wisdom with us great monk of the snowy mountains. -. -Well, my friends, boredom is in the air. Spending our time by thisnwonderful summer doing nothing is a crime. We must unit and fight againstnboredom. -You sound like Kev. Then Kevin, who appeared to be running for a while, sprints to them, anlarge smile on his face. (Hope u liked the first part.next one tomorrow. Please review a lot. )n(for the errors I made during the text, plz report.I'm French for cryingnout loud, HAVE MERCEY.!!!!!) ","Summary":" AMERICAN PIE (Fanfiction( -Ok, Jim. I'll be gone a week. I hope you can handle that time taking car"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Conversations in band camp","Author":"dark-and-bad","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2813275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CONVERSATIONS IN BANDnCAMP Summary- Set in band camp.nMat and Elyse talk to each other on instant messaging while they arenin band camp. The story will include mentions of events from thenmovie but most of the story will be their conversations on IM andnsome events between all the characters that didn't actually happen innthe movie. IM conversations are in italic. Disclaimer- I do not ownnany of the characters in this story. Pairings-nMatt/Elyse,Ernie/Chloe Chapter 1 Matt and Ernie got back tontheir room after the challenge at the ampitheatre. East great fallsnwere going to have a bonfire party to celebrate Matt kickingnBrandon's ass on the bagpipes. Matt went over to hisnlaptop to have a look and see if Steve had repiled to his emailntelling him about the bandies gone wild video that he was making. Henhadn't, but Matt noticed that Elyse was online. So he dacided tonspeak to her for a while. After all, she was the reason that he hadnchallenged Brandon Vandecamp in the first place. He didn't know why, butnwhen he was up there telling Elyse that he was better than her itnjust seemed to annoy the hell out of him. He started typing out anmessage to Elyse. Elyse and Chloe werengetting ready for the bonfire party when Elyse got an IM message fromnsomebody. \"I'm just gonna findnout who this is.\" She told chloe. \"Okay.\" Chloenreplied. Elyse went over to her bed to look at her laptop. Stiffmeister- Heynbaby, how did I do on stage? Pretty good huh? It was Matt. She typed anmessage back. Bandgurl- Younwere okay I guess. Stiffmeister- Okay?nI kicked his ass! I rocked! Bandgurl- Butnseriously,Play that funky music?How did you learn to play thenbagpipes? Stiffmeister- Innninth grade my mum made me learn how to play an instrument. Incouldn't think of one more annoying. Bandgurl- Lol Stiffmeister- Donyou ever actually laugh for real? Bandgurl- Hey,nI laugh! Just not when I'm around lots of people. Stiffmeister- Seriously, when was the last time, while we've been here thatnyou've laughed? Bandgurl- Well,nwhen I errm- shutup. Stiffmeister- Lol.nI thought so. I haven't heard you laugh since we dated in eighthngrade. Bandgurl- OMG,nI've laughed! And please don't mention the eighth grade. It brings upnbad memories. Stiffmeister- What?nOf us dating? Howcome? Bandgurl- Wellnmaybe the fact that we ended up getting in trouble with the policenand getting drunk at some guy's party. Stiffmeister- Atnleast we had fun... well we did untill you broke up with me for nonreason. Bandgurl- Pleasendon't bring that up again. It was years ago. \"Come on Elyse we'vengotta go in ten minutes!\" Chloe shouted. \"I'm coming now\"nElyse told her. Bandgurl- I'vengotta go now.You should be aswell. The bonfire starts in ten minutes.nWe'll talk then. Matt was just about tonprotest but Ernie shouted him. \"Come on Matt. We need to go andnI have to be prepared for Chloe.\" n \"I'm coming! Give us a second.\" He repliedngetting irritated. Stiffmeister- Seenyou there then.Bye Stiffmeister has signednoff. Bandgurl has signednoff. \"Stiffler!\"nErnie whined. \"I'm coming!\" Matt shouted, mocking him.nOn the way out he slapped Ernie across the head messing about. A/N. So that's the end ofnthe first chapter.What do you think? Please review. I know it's shortnbut my first chapters always are. I PROMISE i'll update itnwithin the next 2 days. The more review's I get, the more i'll benpersuaded to update! ","Summary":" CONVERSATIONS IN BANDnCAMP Summary- Set in band camp.nMat and Elyse talk to each other on instant m"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Out Of The Ball Field","Author":"Ellie.Aldrin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10265754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I thought that writing about teens seemed easier, so i wrote about them, but they're 13, not 12. Chapter 1: The \"Play Of The Day\" \"Henry! You're on!\" I yelled from the outfield of the baseball field, waiting for the pitch. My best friend and love interest Henry Rowengartner ran out into the outfield and started yelling to the pitcher. \"Hey batter, batter! Hey, batter, batter! Swing, batter, batter!\" I yelled. \"Shut up!\" The pitcher from our team yelled at us. \"Fine.\" I said. The pitcher threw the ball and the batter smashed it into the air. I turned and yelled, \"Run Henry run!\" He looked at me and ran into the fence. The ball fell in front of him and he felt around for it. His ball cap fell over his big hazel eyes. \"Pick it up Rowengartner!\" Our coach yelled. He picked up the ball and spun around, trying to see. \"Throw it in Henry!\" Our friend Clark yelled from the scoreboard bench. Henry wound up and chucked the ball... Over the fence. \"Is that play legal?\" Our other friend George asked Clark beside him. Henry lifted his ball cap up and stared at the direction of the ball. \"Aw crap.\" He said. ~15 minutes later~ \"Don't beat yourself up dude.\" I told Henry as we all walked home from the game. \"Ok.\" He said. \"You guys wanna come over?\" \"Sure.\" We all said. We walked into Henry's house and into his kitchen. \"Hey guys, how was the game?\" His mom Mary asked. \"Shoot.\" I said. I bit my nail. \"Let's just say I made the play of the day.\" Henry said. \"That bad huh?\" Mary asked. We stood behind Henry, moving our hands over our necks. \"I couldn't even catch a fly ball!\" Henry said. \"Well, maybe outfield isn't your thing.\" She said. \"You could do pitching, like your father.\" We all started to leave when Mary said, \"Wait, laundry.\" She pointed at the laundry basket on the counter. Clark, George and I sped upstairs and Henry went down to the basement to do the laundry. We all walked into Henry's room. I sat on his bed and the boys sat on the floor. \"Fess up Feder.\" Clark said. \"Huh?\" I asked. \"You like Henry, don't you?\" George said. \"What? No!\" I lied. \"I heard a crack.\" Clark said. \"What? I'm confused.\" I said. \"Dear little Samantha, from the 7 and a half years we've known you, every time your voice cracks, you're lying.\" George stated. \"What? No it doesn't!\" I exclaimed. I heard footsteps on the stairs. \"Here comes lover boy.\" Clark said. \"Shut up.\" I said and pushed him back onto the carpet. Henry walked in and sat next to me on his bed. \"My mom just left with Jack.\" He said. \"I honestly despise that guy.\" I said. \"Yeah, me too.\" Clark said. \"I mean, he's moving way too fast in the relationship!\" Henry said. \"Sam, would you let a guy move that fast in a relationship?\" \"Heck no. I'd tell him to slow his hormones and act like a normal human being and not a robot.\" I said. \"Well then,\" George said. \"Hey Clark, wanna go get something from the fridge?\" \"Yeah, I'm starving.\" Clark said and they ran downstairs. Henry and I sat on his bed in silence. I layed on my back and tossed my baseball in the air and caught it with my glove. \"So,\" Henry said, rubbing his hands together. \"So,\" I said. \"Are you going into core next year?\" I asked. At our school, there were two types of French classes: Core, which was just one French class a day; and Immersion, which was all classes in French. Clark, George and I were in core. We'd been asking Henry to bump down and join the fun in only one class of French, but he hasn't yet. \"I might.\" He said. \"Come on man,\" I whined. \"I can't spend another semester with Thing 1 and Thing 2 around all the time. Besides, I'd rather have you in my class than them.\" \"I can see why.\" He said. I laughed. So did he. It went from a small laugh, to laughing uncontrollably. George and Clark came in the room to see us on our backs, Henry on the floor, me on the bed, holding our stomachs laughing. \"What's up with you two?\" George asked. \"Nothing.\" We said. \"I gotta get home.\" Clark said. \"Me too.\" George agreed. They left and we hung around for about an hour or so. We watched cartoons and played CandyLand on the carpet in front of the tv when his mom walked through the door. \"Hey mom,\" Henry said. \"Hi Ms. Rowengartner.\" I said. \"Hello, you two.\" She walked over and sat in the chair nearest us. \"Hey mom,\" Henry said. \"Can Sam stay over? Y'know, for the night?\" \"Well, I like it when there's another girl in the house so I don't see why not.\" Mary said. \"Yes!\" We both said and high-fived. \"But, right now, bed.\" She pointed up the stairs and we walked up side by side.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: I Wish Dreams Showed The Future... I changed into a pair of Henry's shorts and a t-shirt. Henry slept on the small couch in the corner and I slept in his bed. ~The Dreamworld~ I walked through the door of an apartment to see a much older version of Henry sitting on the couch with a much older version of my brother Kevin. \"Hey Sam.\" Henry said and kissed my cheek. \"Hey, how was work?\" I asked. \"Good, you?\" He asked. \"Good, although a five year old boy has already gotten to first base with me.\" I pulled my coat off and revealed a blue hand print on the breast on my shirt. Kevin burst out laughing. So did Henry. \"What? It's not that funny.\" I said, my hands on my hips. \"I'll level with you, it is.\" A girl said, walking out of the bathroom. She looked at me and laughed too. I knew exactly who she was. The laugh described it. She was my future daughter. \"Jenny, how was school?\" I asked her. \"Good, aside from the fact that I nearly got in a fight.\" Jenny said. \"And by \"nearly got in a fight\", she means she did.\" My apparent future son said from the kitchen. \"Jenny? What happened?\" I asked. \"Hey, he started it.\" Jenny said, holding her hands up in surrender. \"Alex?\" I asked my son. \"Mike and Coady Schmitt. They got mad because Jenny could kick a field goal and they couldn't.\" Alex said. \"You can kick a field goal? From where?\" Kevin asked. \"I dunno, the 20 yard line I guess.\" She shrugged. \"Henry, our daughter has skill.\" I said. \"Oh I know. You wanna sign up? Registration's tonight.\" Henry asked Jenny. \"Sweet!\" Jenny said. She whipped out her phone and started texting her friends. \"We weren't like this, were we?\" I asked. \"Not that I remember.\" Henry said. Kevin nodded in agreement. \"Alex, how was the game?\" Henry asked. Kevin froze. He gulped. \"Well, let's just say I made the play of the day.\" Alex said. \"That bad huh?\" Henry asked. \"I couldn't even catch a fly ball!\" Alex exclaimed. \"I remember this conversation with someone and his mother years ago.\" I said, looking at Henry. \"Oh, don't remind me.\" Henry said. \"What?\" Alex asked, fascinated. \"Your father, when we were 13, pitched for the Cubs.\" I said. \"The Chicago Cubs?\" Alex said, stunned. \"Yes. I won the season for them. You remember it? You heard about it, the winning season in 1993?\" Henry said. \"Oh yeah! That was great!\"Alex said. ~Reality~ I woke with a start. Henry was on the floor with his pillow, entwined in a blanket. I snuck out the door and into the kitchen. Mary was making pancakes and bacon. \"Morning.\" I said, putting my glasses on. \"Morning.\" Mary said. I walked to the fridge and got some orange juice. Henry came downstairs, rubbing his eyes like he was four. \"Good sleep?\" I asked. \"Awesome.\" He said. \"What'd ya dream about?\" I asked. \"I dreamed I caught the ball in the game yesterday. You?\" Henry said. \"Uh,\" I bit my lip. I tried keeping my voice straight and uncrackable. \"A black hole, so nothing.\" I finally said. ","Summary":" A/N: I thought that writing about teens seemed easier, so i wrote about them, but they're 13, not 1"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Stifler of the other path","Author":"Lord Jeremy Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8315742","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own American Pie. Author's note: This is set about two years after American Wedding. Stifler of the other path Hi, everyone! My name's Ashley Rose Stifler. Yes, that's right, I'm a female Stifler. Though unlike most of my family I'm not a sex-freak. I've always been a good young lady. Two days from now I turn 36. A few members of my family are gonna come here to spend the week with me. Unfortunately that includes my annoying perverted cousin Steve Stifler. Steve and me has never got along whatsoever, since he is crazy, perverted and egocentric, while I'm friendly, calm and sophisticated. Oh no! That's Steve's car out there. Damn it, he's here already... Guess I can't pretend there's nobody home. He has to have seen my car outside so he know I'm home. \"Hi, Ash! What's up?\" says Steve with that annoying voice of his as I open the door and let him in. \"Nothing special. Just waitin' for people to show up. Too bad you're the first one to arrive. I'm surprised. You're always late.\" says I with a cold hard tone. \"Ya gotta do things right at least once, Ash. Be happy I'm here at all. I was gonna go to Canada to hook up with slutty women, but came here instead.\" says Steve. Sweet mother of God! Steve hasn't changed much over the years. Doesn't the dude ever learn...? Thank God I don't see the freak very often these days. \"I don't understand why I asked you to come, Steve.\" says I, trying to sound friendly. \"Neither do I...and call me Stifler, not Steve. I hate it.\" says Steve as he grab his bags and push me out of the way and walk upstairs to one of the guest-rooms. \"Hey, watch where you're goin' ya freak!\" says I out loud. I don't wanna speak like that, but Steve make so mad. \"Eat crap, Ash!\" says Steve. Later that night none of the other people I invited are here yet, so Steve and I have dinner alone. \"So...pasta with chili-chicken, pepper sauce and garlic-bread. Enjoy!\" says I with a small smile as I place the food on the table. \"No beer or wine?\" says Steve with a deep manly voice. \"Of course not! I'm a teetotaler, Steve. I've only had one beer ever and that was when I was 19 years old and went to this pub with my friends. You're my cousin so you should know that I don't drink any alcohol.\" says I, trying not to get angry. \"Don't you even drink a glass of wine for special occasions, ya know like birthdays, anniversaries and such...?\" says Steve surprised. \"No.\" says I in a hard, but mature tone. \"Really?\" says Steve, as he look at me like I was some sort of freak. \"Yes. Now eat and shut up, please.\" says I. We eat in silence, but I can see that Steve enjoy my cooking, even though he try to hide it. After the dinner I decide to ask Steve some questions. \"So...are Matt, Erik, Scott and Dwight comin' here too?\" I ask. \"No, I don't think so. Matt's in Spain. Erik moved to the Gold Coast in Australia to become a surfing-teacher. Dwight's in jail and Scott was killed by marauders last year while on vacation in Egypt.\" says Steve. \"So, Dwight's in jail, huh? Maybe that's where you belong too, Steve...\" says I with a smirk. \"No funny!\" says Steve with an evil look in his eyes. \"Maybe not...\" says I with a casual tone. \"Even if Scott's dead, Matt, Dwight and me can maintain the legend of the Stifler-name. Erik is alive too, but he's no real Stifler.\" says Steve. \"You guys only have one thing in mind. Why don't you see that sex isn't everything?\" says I. \"I don't take any advice from you, Ash.\" says Steve. \"Okey, if you say so.\" says I with a mature calm tone, showing my sophisticated side. \"If you don't want to listen, that's your choice, Steve.\" \"See ya later, Ash!\" says Steve as he grab his wallet and head for the door. \"Where are you going?\" says I. \"To the pub. I need a drink.\" says Steve as he walk out through the door. Oh my gosh, he's never gonna change his personality, is he? I can't believe I'm from the same family as that freak. The next morning a car arrive outside my house. It's Matt, Steve's younger brother. \"Hi, bro!\" says Matt to Steve as he enter the house. \"I thought you were in Spain...\" says Steve. \"I came back early so I could be at Ashley's birthday-party.\" says Matt. \"Matt, so you're here after all, huh?\" says I as I come downstairs and see Matt. \"Hi, Ash! You look sexy today.\" says Matt. \"Don't even try!\" says I. I look at myself. I forgot that I'm only wearing a tank top and my panties. \"Could ya give me a lapdance, Ash?\" says Matt with a wink. \"No!\" says I as walk back upstairs to put on some better clothes. \"Is she always like that?\" says Matt to Steve. \"Pretty much, yes.\" says Steve. \"Too bad she's our cousin, otherwise I'd bang her.\" says Matt. \"You know she hate sex, right?\" says Steve. \"Ya can't blame me for trying, bro.\" says Matt. My cousins are such losers. I wish I had some good sophisticated relatives. Am I the only one in this family with some class and good manners? Guess so... Later the same day I find Steve and Matt asleep and drunk on the couch in my living room. \"Steve! Matt! Wake up and clean away this damn mess!\" scream I loud and clear. \"Ash, why are ya screamin' like that...?\" says Steve. \"I don't want the two of you to get drunk in my house and don't call me Ash, it's Ashley.\" says I. \"Relax, it's not as bad as it seem...\" says Matt. \"I'm goin' to the store to buy some things for the birthday-party and when I come back I don't wanna see all these empty beer-bottles on the floor anymore.\" says I as I walk out to my car. \"Guess we gotta clean up or she'll throw us out of her house, man.\" says Steve to Matt. \"Okey...\" says Matt. Steve and Matt slowly begin to clean the room. When I come back home I'm totally surprised to see that Steve and Matt has actually cleaned my living room. \"Not bad.\" I simply say before I walk into my home-office to catch up on some work. The next day at my birthday-party all my friends are there, including my best friend Emma May Kelly and my boyfriend Shawn DiMera. I'm wearing a beautiful dark-purple dress. Of course Steve and Matt hasn't dressed up for the party. They are just wearing t-shirt and jeans. \"Can't they at least wear something a bit more sophisticated than that...?\" I think to myself. \"Such losers!\" \"Wanna dance, Ashley?\" says my boyfriend as he walk up to me. \"I'd love to, Shawn!\" says I with a soft girly voice. Shawn and I dance to the soft calm music playing on the stereo. \"Steve, who's that guy?\" says Matt about Shawn. \"Ash's boyfriend I guess...\" says Steve. \"Man, he's so fuckin' ugly!\" says Matt. Of course Steve and Matt hate my boyfriend. Can't say I'm surprised. They have really bad taste in everything. Fortunately the party goes well, even with Steve and Matt around. Shawn gives me an antique silver necklace as birthday-gift. Emma gives me a guitar and Steve and Matt of course doesn't give me anything. The next day Steve and Matt leave. Good that they don't stay longer. Both are such freaks.[Chapter 2] Now it's a week since my birthday and I'm here in my bedroom with my boyfriend Shawn. \"Ashley, I want to ask you something...\" says Shawn. \"Okey, ask me then.\" says I. Shawn pull out something from the pocket of his shirt. Oh my gosh, is he gonna ask me to marry him? \"Ashley, my love...would you be my wife?\" says Shawn as he goes down on his knee in front of me and open a small black box and give me a gold ring with a large purple gem-stone. \"Yes, Shawn! Of course I wanna marry you! YES!\" says I. I'm soo happy. \"I love you, Ash!\" says Shawn as he sit down next to me on the bed. He's the only one who can call me Ash by the way. \"I love you too, Shawn!\" says I with a cute smile. My heart beat like crazy. I'm so happy to get to marry the man I love. \"Ash, you're an angel.\" says Shawn as he put the ring on my finger. \"You're my knight in silver armor, Shawn.\" says I with a smile. \"I look forward to spendin' the rest of my life with you, Ash.\" says Shawn. \"Aww! I feel the same, Shawn.\" says I with a soft cute voice. \"How would you feel about getting married in Paris, France, Ash?\" says Shawn with a smile. \"Really? I'd love it, Shawn!\" says I. \"Then Paris, France it is!\" says Shawn. \"Do you have enough money for that...?\" says I. \"No problem, Ash! Anything for my beauty!\" says Shawn. \"Aww!\" says I with a soft voice. Shawn is such a nice romantic man. I'm so lucky. The End. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own American Pie. Author's note: This is set about two years after American Wed"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"A New Beginning: The Teen Years","Author":"Jamie Blue Eyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1490053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A NEW BEGINNING It was a sunny Monday morning 7:30. There were no clouds lurking in thenblue sky. Summer vacation was over in the quiet town of Great Falls. It hadnbeen a quiet summer, most of the teenagers left town with their folks tonlive up the holidays, but now School was back and slowly the teens hadnreturned to their roots. It was the first day back at school and thenstreets were lined with parked cars. The black Station Wagon pulled ontonthe curb outside of East Great Falls High. Mr Levinstein turned his head to Jim and Kevin who were sitting in thenbackseat. \"Now are you boys sure you don't want me to drop you a littlencloser to the school?\" \"No.\" Jim blurted throwing his arms up. \"Here is just fine, were meeting Oznhere anyway.\" Jim lied not wanting to hurt his Fathers feelings. \"Are you sure son? What about you Kevin?\" Eugene asked raising his bushyneyebrows. \"It could be, kind of cool.\" Kevin was fumbling for his seat belt trying to rip it off. \"No, that's okaynMr Levinstein. Were just gonna hang a bit. Besides Oz is waiting for us\"nKevin played along. \"Well Dad thanks for the ride, I'll see you later.\" Jim and Kevin jumpednout of the car and made their way to the curb. Not giving his Dad anothernchance of letting him humiliate both of them in front of the whole school.nWhat kind of Dad would do something like that on his sons first day ofnjunior high. Eugene poked his head through the window fixing up hisnprescribed silver glasses. \"Keep it real homies.\" Jim rolled his eyes and Kevin bit his tongue trying not to laugh. \"Okay Dadnwe'll catcha later.\" Jim groaned pulling his cheap, bulky bag over hisnshoulder. \"Thanks for the lift Mr Levinstein.\" Kevin waved. Eugene waved goodbye to his son and Kevin, turned the key into the ignitionnand drove down the street. \"Man no offense, but Jim your Dad can kind of.. be annoying sometimes.\" Jim shook his head annoyed at his Father. \"Yeah I know Kev, sometimes Inwish he would just lay off the cool act.It really doesn't suit a man in hisnfourties.\" Both teenagers walked across the oval getting caught up in the excitementnof teens running wild. Summer was over and it was back to another year ofnschool, but this time it was different they were juniors. Kevin smiled as a group of senior girls skipped past giggling to themnselves. \"Oh wow, damn I need to get myself a girlfriend.\" Kevin whinednstraightening the collar of his black waist jacket. \"I'm with you there Kev, but it's so hard to talk to them.\" Jim sighednkeeping up the pace with his shorter black haired friend, while having anperve at any female in her teens that walked by. Kevin and Jim had beennfriends since Grade School. There was never a moment when they weren'tnthere for each other. Somehow they had both managed to stay close so farnthrough High School. \"Gentlemen, how are we this delightful morning.\" Came a familiar voice fromnbehind them. \"Hey Finch, how was your summer in Paris?\" Jim and Kevin asked turning onntheir heel to face their old chum. Paul Finch was a lanky, charming young sixteen year old. He wore a rednplain t-shirt with black trousers down to his bare ankles, wearing sandals.n\"Other then Stiffler bombing my front porch with eggs last weekend it wasnquite exquisite. Kevin shrugged his shoulder looking confused. \"I got the Stiffler part, butnhow did you like your vacation?\" Jim looked bewildered also. Finch shook his head muttering to himself then looked up. \"It was annawesome holiday.\" The three teenagers were standing in the middle of the oval, the large rednand white main building standing tall in front of them. Groups of teensnwalked passed chatting to them selves. \"Oh okay.\" Jim laughed straighteningnhis short black hair. \"That's cool.\" \"What part me having my porch bombarded with flying eggs or you finallynunderstanding my new intellectual way of speaking?\" Finch grinned seeingnthe desperate fight back from Jim who stuffed his hands deep in his brownnbaggy trousers looking dumfounded. \"What. no.I meant your holiday\", Jim managed looking at Kevin for support.n\"Anyway what's with you speaking like that you sound like my Dad?\" Kevinnand Jim asked laughing their heads off. Finch just stared at the two of them rolling his eyes. \"Ah laugh if younwill, but I met a girl named Katherine this summer and she awakened mynhorizons to new and greater things.\" \"Holy shit man did you screw her?\" Kevin asked with anticipation. \"No I did not Kevin, there are more important things in life then scoringnwith a girl.\" \"Yeah like scoring with a dude, ay shit break.\" Stiffer emerged from behindna tree wearing a blue vest and silver pants. \"Fuck man, get your head outtanthe books, take your hands off your dick and maybe you might actually getnlaid.\" He laughed at his own joke. \"Shit Stiffler, you scared us.\" Jim whined walking with the rest of hisnbuddies away from Steven Stiffler. Stiffler ran in front of them blocking their tracks. \"Jim you fucken pussynhave you looked in the mirror lately? Your face could scare away the dead.\" \"Leave Jim alone Stiffler.\" Kevin stepped forward balling his fists readynfor a fight. \"Pick on someone else shit head.\" Stiffler took a step back and raised his arms in defense. \"Hey, settle downnbitch I wouldn't wanna make you cry.\" Then he turned on his Nike sneakers.n\"Catcha round fuckers\", and ran off bowling through teenagers huddledntogether in small groups with a lot of groans until he disappeared fromnview through the double doors of Great Falls High. Jim took a long breath happy to see Stiffler leave. \"Thanks Kev, but younknow I could of taken him.\" They began walking in union talking about theirnsummer vacation. \"So anyway Finch what was this girl of yours like?\" Kevin asked keen tonknow all about Finches love life considering he didn't have one. The three teenagers pushed their way through the double doors, walking intonthe ground floor of the two story building. Slowly they made their waynclimbing the stairs to the top floor. Different colored lockers were liningndown the endless corridor. Teachers were waiting in classrooms impatientlynfor their students to arrive while the teenagers chatted amongst themselvesnrunning through the corridor causing havoc. Jim, Kevin and Finch werensurrounded in the chaos of teenagers marching to their designated lockers. Finch turned his head away from two jocks that were picking on a skinny boynwith spiky red hair. One of the two pulled the kids underwear over his headnand slapped each other a high five. Poor Sherman. He thought, before henanswered Kevin who was becoming impatient. \"Well my fellow companions, Inmet Katherine in Paris she taught me many things, like poetry and the artsnof Shakespeare.\" \"Who?\" Kevin asked scratching the back of his head. \"Shakespeare gentleman, he is a great English writer in the late sixteennhundreds. He wrote the tragic love story of Romeo and Juliet, and thencourage's Hamlet.\" Finch held his hands to his chest and sighed. Jim and Kevin looked absolutely stunned, Finch used to be one of the guys,nbut now he was acting like such a grown up. \"Hey man who ever, what evernshe did to make you this way you gotta snap out of it before the dance onnFriday night or you'll have no chance of scoring with a chick.\" Jim grabbednFinch by his shoulders and shook him. \"Wake up man.\" Finch simply shrugged Jim off taking a few steps back. \"Jim a woman is anlot like a flower; their petals don't sprout until their old enough tonbloom. And most of these girls my friends are no where near matured enoughnto be a respectable woman.\" He talked with such grace and maturity thatnFinch smiled at himself. The three teens walked to a cluster of green lockers Jim and Kevin werenstaring at the girls strolling past them. Oz was leaning on one of thengreen lockers with his arms crossed over his chest. Chris Ostreicher was antall, athletic sports star. He wore a black green stripy t-shirt and navynblue Jeans. Unlike most athletic jocks Oz cared about people other thennhimself, not letting his stardom get to him. \"Heya fellers, how's it goin?\"nHe brushed a strand of black hair from his face. \"Hey Oz, yeah were good, summer was awesome. We had a blast, but somenrandom chick turned Finch into a poetic writer.\" Oz slapped Kevin and Jim anhigh five. \"Bull..shit.\" Oz said unbelieving. \"The Finch Wiz changing his partyingnways.\" He looked hard at Finch and grinned. \"What can I say Oz, she stretched my horizons, awakened me to new greaternthings.\" Oz turned away from Finch not knowing how to react and slapped Kevin andnJim a high five. \"Well dudes it's good to see you again. Three months isnone hell of a long..time. So wait a minute does this mean you're notninterested in High School girls anymore?\" \"Yes, I've out grown High School romance. Now I thrive for older maturenwoman I can talk poetry with, share common interests of the Arts with.\" Oz crashed on the locker he was previously leaning on pretending to faintnfrom shock. \"Fuck dude, I seriously hope you wake up from this nightmare ornStiffler will catch on and make the rest of your teenage life a livingnhell.\" After a few minutes Jim interrupted his friends scrabbling. \"Anyway guysnhow about the dance Friday night in the Gym.\" He twitched his blackneyebrows. \"Should be fun.\" Oz smiled pumping his fist in the air. \"Yeah I heard about that Jimbo itnsounds like a blast and plus there's gonna be heaps of chicks there.\" They talked about the dance as they packed their books into their lockers.n\"Well I'm certainly looking forward to it. I think it's time Jim Levinsteinnhooked up with a girl.\" \"This is gonna be interesting.\" Kevin mused fumbling for his history booknon the American Revolution. \"What is?\" Finch asked \"Today, this year. Remember guys were not sophomores any more, we'renjuniors the next step in high school.\" Kevin replied. \"Yeah to the next step.\" Oz threw out his hand in front of him. \"To the next step.\" Kevin added slapping his hand on Oz's \"The next step.\" Jim followed suit placing his palm on the back of Kevin'snhand. \"Well Finch.\" Kevin asked nodding him over. \"What do you say buddy, younwith us?\" Finch rolled his eyes, shook his head at his life long friends and somehownknew nothing would break their bond. \"Yeah guy's to the next step.\" Finchndropped his hand on Jim's and held on. Each nodded there head and withdrew their hands cheering as the siren rangnthrough out the halls of East Great Falls High. Students stampeded in allndirections disappearing into the classes in a mad rush. Jim, Kevin, Oz andnFinch stuffed their bags into their lockers and made for their Historynclass waiting outside the front purple door. \"Well fellers, this is it, another year at Great Falls.\" Oz mused to hisnfriends who each grinned in turn. \"What do you guys reckon shall we go fornit?\" Kevin grabbed the silver door knob and twisted. \"Bring it on.\"[Chapter 2] Hey guys' thanks for all the positive reviews you inspired me to write mynnext chapter it continues on from where chapter one left off so I hope younenjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it, don't forget to review after younread it because any feedback is great to have, thank you again.nL8rnP.S Read & Review The day had been dragging on. Class after class the teachers just stoodnthere lecturing the teenagers on the do's and don'ts in class. There werendisappointed moans echoing through the classrooms as the teachers talkednabout coming assignments and how hard they had to study if they were tongraduate. You know the kind of lectures you receive on your first day back.nHistory had gone on for what Kevin seemed like days. If it wasn't for Oz,nKev would of passed out over his wooden desk and been thrown a yellow slipnfor disturbing the class. Science hadn't been too much fun either Jim mixedntwo chemicals together that nearly singed his eyebrows. Luckily for Jim henhad tripped over a stool and sent the chemicals flying in the oppositendirection burning a small hole on the work bench Sherman was working at.nFunny enough Sherman didn't seem to mind he was to busy throwing off somenridiculous pick up line from the movie terminator to some preppyncheerleader who just rolled her eyes and walked towards Stifflers table,nbut now it was English and there was no teacher in class. \"Hey guys, where's Miss Berkley\"? Oz asked turning over in his plastic,nred chair facing Jim and Kevin. \"Who cares man, less work for us.\" Kevin smiled pumping his fist high intonthe air. Jim straightened his collar trying to act cool. \"Yeah man her lectures putnme to sleep.\" \"What. Bull shit,\" Oz thumped Jim on the arm laughing. \"You're favoritensubject's English who you trying to fool Jimbo?\" \"What.I do not. I'm not some smart geek, I'm cool and I don't care thatnshe's running late see.this is me not caring.\" He rubbed at his shouldernscowling at Oz. \"Besides you're the one that asked.\" He said defensivelynrocking his head from side to side coolly as a diversion while he rubbednhard at his bruise easing the pain. Before Oz could reply the blue classroom door swung open and all thenstudents ran to their chairs as Miss Berkley strolled in. For a teacher shenwas quite young. She wore a red blouse with brown tight jeans. Thenteacher's blonde curly hair hung past her shoulders as she stood tall aboutnto address the class. \"Hello class, welcome back to another exciting yearnat East Falls. I hope you enjoy your time here and hopefully we'll get tonknow each other.\" She paused looking towards the door. \"Now as a specialntreat class I would like to introduce you all to our new student VictorianLathum.\" A few moments later a short girl with straight blonde hair, slowly enterednthe room. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. \"Hi.\" She shyly waved,nstanding beside Miss Berkley. Kevin's mouth fell open, his eyes bulging in their sockets. Oh my god, shenis so beautiful. He thought tilting on the back legs of his chair enjoyingnthe scenery. The pretty blond girl wore a green tank top tucked into hernlong, black skirt that hung to her knees. Kevin felt like he was in antrance just watching her. \"Ok class, who would like to show our new student Victoria around thenschool?\" Miss Berkley asked looked around the class for a volunteer. Hey maybe I should do it. Kevin waved his arm around wildly in the air.n\"I'll do i.\" He was abruptly cut off as the teacher pointed a few desks innfront of Kevin's. \"Yes Sherman would you mind showing Victoria around the school get hernsettled in all right?\" Sherman stood from his chair nodding his head smirking. \"As the Shermanatornit is my duty to accept this mission; I'll give Victoria the 101 on EastnGreat Falls.\" Hesitantly Victoria tightened her pink backpack around her shoulder andnwalked to Sherman who pulled a chair from the desk next to his, invitingnher take a seat. There were murmurs in the classroom as Victoria sat nextnto the one and only very eccentric Chuck Sherman. Shocked Kevin lost his balance on the plastic chair slipping under thendesk, landing hard on his back. \"Fuck you Sherman.\" Kevin moaned staring atnbubblegum stuck underneath his desk. Oz jumped over his desk as the students gathered round making a semi circlenwatching in awe. \"Hey man, are you okay.\" Oz asked pulling Kevin onto hisnfeet.\" \"Mr. Kevin.\" Miss Berkley trailed her finger down the list of students.n\"Myers. It might help next time if you have all six legs placed firmly onnthe ground.\" She crocked sarcastically. \"Okay class, its time to returnnback to your seats so I can all tell you the performance criteria you willnbe assed by in my English class.\" Slowly the students sat back down taking out their English files. \"Hey Kev, man what the hell happened?\" Jim asked leaning over towardsnKevin. \"Is it the new girl? She's so hot.\" He wiggled his bushy eye browsngrinning. \"No way Jim wouldn't wanna spoil the Sherminators fun.\" He laughed softlynso only Oz and Jim could hear him. \"I just lost my balance that's all, nonbig deal.\" But as Kevin replied to his friends his gaze wandered to thenpretty little blonde girl sitting besides the biggest loser in high school.nHe balled his fists under the desk angry at himself for not getting innbefore Sherman. The cafeteria food wasn't anything to brag about actually there were manynrumors going around that there were a family of dead rats in the SloppynJoes, but it was the place to be if you wanted to be seen with the inncrowd. It was a huge white plastered room. Nicely furnished, wooden tablesnwere placed in groups around the lunch room. Students were lined in ansingle file pushing their way through to the front entertaining their neednfor food. Oz and Jim were waiting in line talking amongst them selves. \"So Oz do younreckon Kev was telling the truth about the new girl?\" He asked. Oz craned his neck behind him now side on with Jim. \"Nah dude, I can tellnKevin likes this girl no matter what he says.\" The lacrosse star saidngiving his bud a mischievous wink. \"His just afraid of the competition henwould have with the Sherminator. Both teenagers roared with laughter as they took a step closer. \"Yeah.Chucknout classes him.\" Jim joked rolling his head from side to side. It wasn't to long until Jim and Oz were grabbing their plastic, brown traysnstill laughing at Kevin's expense. \"Man have you ever wondered what theynput in these Sloppy Joes?\" Jim asked pilling his tray with two Joes next tonhis orange juice. \"Yeah your hairy testicles fuck face.\" Stiffler appeared next to Jim eyeingnthe Sloppy Joes cautiously. Oz shook his head at Jim vigorously. \"No Jim, just let it go dude.\" Hencould see the anger in Jim's eyes and he new shit was about to splatter.nAfter all this time Jim the geek was going to step up for himself. Jim snapped his head at Stiffler narrowing his eyes. \"Hey Stiffler at leastnI got testicles to donate, rumor has it you lost your virginity to yournmothers poodle over the holidays.\" Jim shouted standing proudly as StevennStiffler sports jock, face fell at Jim's harsh words. Stiffler lurched forward inches from Jim's face and retorted angrily \"Fucknyou shit head.\" Then Steven turned around collecting food from thencafeteria. Jim saw this as his opportunity to escape before Stiffler beat the shit outnof him; and took off with Oz. \"Damn it Jimbo I can't always back you up when you're in a bind man.\" Oznwarned as kindly as he was capable of. \"Sorry Oz, I know how you and Stiffler are buds and all, but common his.annass hole.\" He wined as they were walking past the cheerleaders table. Therenwere nine perky blondes and brunets dressed in their blue and whitencheerleading outfits. Jim was admiring them with keen interest. Then out ofnthe blue he was pushed hard from behind. Loosing his balance he flewnthrough the air into a pretty young teenager with brown curly hair his headnlanding in her lap. The gravy from the Sloppy Joes oozing down thencheerleaders tight blue shirt. Hey this isn't too bad. Jim thought enjoyingnthe warmness he felt leaning on the girl's lap, unaware of the awkwardnsituation he was in. \"You stupid dick, what the hell do you think you're doing?\" The cheerleadernspat throwing Jim flat on his ass on the cold sticky floor. \"You've ruinednmy new top.\" Jim looked up at her, his cheeks bright red. \"Ah.I'm sorry I didn't.\" Thencheerleader cut him off abruptly throwing up her hands in frustration andnwhat appeared to me embarrassment. \"God you're like such a loser, common girls we're leaving.\" She shot offnand not surprisingly the other eight cheerleaders stood at her command andnwalked off fussing over their leaders' top. Jim turned to see Stiffler laughing his head off. \"You stupid fuck.\" Ozntried to hide his grin, but failed miserably. \"Hey Jim, enjoy your tripndown stairs?\" Jim looked at the small puddle of orange juice on the tablenthen glared at Stiffler, but not saying anything. He stood up nervously asneveryone in the cafeteria began laughing at him then made his way to hisntable where Kevin and Finch waited. \"Fuck Stiffler, you gotta lay off sometimes dude.\" Oz said Stiffler raised his hand to his chest. \"What me.\" He asked sarcastically.n\"Fuck off Ozzie, no balls Jimbo had it coming.\" Chris Ostreicher shook his head disappointed at his Lacrosse team mate andnwalked towards his buddies wondering to himself, will Stiffler ever change. \"Did you see what Stiffler did to me?\" Jim wined rubbing his eyes. \"I havenno lunch now and I have the whole school laughing at me.\" Finch patted Jim on the shoulder. \"Don't worry Jim just ignore the cretin.\"nAt least you got a free view of Erika's snatch.\" He winked giving Jim anthumbs up. \"What do you think Kev?\" Jim asked wanting a second opinion one thatninvolved torturing Steven Stiffler. But Kevin didn't seem to hear him his gaze was focused else where. On thenother side of the room sat the Sherminator with the lovely blonde Victoria.n\"So wild thing do you like to have fun?\" he grinned his freckled face atnVickie sleazily. Vickie had put up with the geek for an hour now and the Sherminator wasnbeginning to freak her out. She pushed back further into her chair hopingnthat he didn't notice. All though this guy was obviously a geek she didn'tnwant to hurt his feelings. \"Ah not really I'm the kind of girl that likesnto stay in.\" she smiled sweetly occupying herself with her lipstick. Sherman leaned closer. \"Yeah, I can dig that Vickie. You've just beenntargeted. for Shermination.\" He grinned rocking his head. Oh my god he's leaning in to kiss her. I'm gonna kill Sherman. Kevin ballednhis fists again imagining his hands were wrapped around Sherman's necknsqueezing the life out of him. But then Kevin was snapped back to realitynwhen Jim nudged him. \"Oi Kev what do you think I should do?\" Jim pleaded holding his hands outnin front of him. \"Shit Jim I don't know.\" Kevin snapped glaring at his friend. Finch interrupted. \"Ah it appears the vixen has attracted the fox.\" Henmused at the group. \"Say what?\" Oz asked confused as everyone else was. Finch shook his head ashamed that his friends were incapable ofnunderstanding him. \"Kevin has fallen for the engaging Victoria Lathum.\" Kevin slammed his fists hard on the bench causing Jim to jump out of hisnskin. \"NO I DON'T.\" He roared loud enough for the whole cafeteria to hear.nWithout another word he sat peaceful in his chair just in time to seenVickie walking off with a girl about her height with long, brown curly hairnand a skin tight black shirt and leather pants. \"Oh thanks for rescuing me from that guy Chuck god what's his damage.\"nVickie laughed with the stranger she was walking with. She looked over as they left the cafeteria. \"Hey no problem, I saw himnabout to use the Sherminator pickup line on ya. I thought I might save younbefore you're completely humiliated. My names Jessica by the way.\" Shensmiled at Vickie. \"Oh hey thanks um my name's Victoria, but you know Vickie for short.\" \"Cool well it's great to meet you Vickie, stick with me and I'll show younhow to survive high school.\" The two young teenage girls walked down the hall together what would soonnbe a famous friendship. Kevin couldn't help but smile when he saw Sherman rubbing his eyesnfuriously, trying to hide the tears welling in the corners of his emeraldngreens. \"Take that bitch.\" He coughed so none of the guys could hear him. \"Hey you all right Kevin.\" Oz asked sincerely. So what if she walked off with Jessica, Sherman was crying by himself andnKevin had a chance with Vickie even if it was slim it was still a chancennether the less \"No, but I will be.\" ","Summary":" A NEW BEGINNING It was a sunny Monday morning 7:30. There were no clouds lurking in thenblue sky. S"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"American Woman","Author":"DamnTheMan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1625622","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stifler strode into the school with a tense look on his face. He and longntime girlfriend Cadence broke up because she claimed he didn't know thenfirst thing about girls. Hello! He was a master with the ladies, or wasnanyway until he met Cadence. But still, he didn't change enough. Maybe Jimncould help him. Yeah, Jim. Jim was married and all; he must had donensomething right. \"Good morning coach Stifler,\" a tall boy wearing a football jersey said asnStifler walked past him to the gym. \"Not now Robinson,\" Stifler snapped back slamming the locker room door. Nonone was in it, which was good because no one saw him punch in one of thenlockers and if no one saw that, he could easily blame it on some patheticnpussy that didn't have the guts to kill a fly. The office was empty sonright away Stifler dug in his drawer for his address book his mother toldnhim to keep. Right away he searched for Jim and Michelle. He found them innthe back of the book, their phone number scribbled on a piece of napkinnfrom the wedding. He hoped he would catch Jim before work. He dialed thennumbers in carefully and held the phone to his ear. \"Hello?\" a woman answered. At first, Stifler was about to hang up. Then henrealized it was only Michelle. \"Michelle? Is Jim there?\" he asked. \"No, I'm afraid he just left. Who's calling?\" \"Its me, Stifler. Er-Steve,\" he said, knowing Cadence only referred to himnas Steve to everyone. \"Oh. Hi Stifler. I heard about you and Cadence,\" she said, a tadndisappointed. Stifler began to rub the back of his neck nervously as thenfirst period filled in. \"Yeah, that's why I'm calling for Jim. I really need to talk to him andnstuff. Listen; just tell him to call me at my old number. If he doesn'tnhave it, then tell him I wrote it on the bottom of the mug I sent him lastnChristmas,\" Stifler said, feeling stupid that was the only way to keep inntouch with Jim. Michelle let out a laugh. \"Oh, we have it. Jim re-wrote it in an address book, just in case.\" Hensmiled. At least he wasn't the only dipshit with an address book. \"Thanks,\" he said and hung up. There wasn't much else to say to her.nStifler sighed and dropped his address book back in the bottom of thendrawer. He picked it up and held it, while wiping his pictures of Cadencenoff the desk and into the drawer. He slammed the drawer and placed hisnaddress book neatly in the corner of his desk, the smirked. \"I'm such andipshit,\" he laughed. * Stifler sat in the bleachers rubbing his hands together. For an earlynSeptember night, it sure was cold. It was nearly dark. He wondered wherenJim could possibly be. He was just about ready to leave when he saw Jimncoming up the bleachers waving. \"Stifler!\" he called out, trying to job, but his cold body barelynfunctioned. \"Jim, how are ya fucker?\" he asked hugging him. Jim stepped back a littlenand began to rub his hands much like Stifler was moments ago. \"Good, good. Michelle's pregnant,\" he said with a smile. Stifler nudgednhim. \"You little devil. Want to go somewhere warmer?\" he asked heading for hisncar. Jim nodded and followed him. There was only one car in the lot.nStifler looked around for a mini van or some other car a married pussynwould have. \"Where's your car?\" he asked. Jim shrugged. \"Michelle dropped me off, I told her you would drive me home.\" Stiflernunlocked his Bronco 4 X 4 and turned the heat on. The Bronco was old andnbeat up, and smelled sort of funny, but she ran good, and Stifler lovednher. \"Where should we go? My place?\" Stifler asked pulling out of the school'snparking lot. Jim shrugged. \"Whatever. So what did you need to talk about? Something about Cadence Inthink,\" Jim said. Stifler turned a left. \"Well, not so much about Cadence. But about girls in general. Okay, so Ingot laid more in high school and college more then you ever did,\" Stiflernsaid with a laugh, \"but, when I get ready to propose to one, they just gonand break up with me because I don't get girls. I mean, I just don't getnwhat she's saying. How did you get Michelle to like you?\" Jim coughed andnmoved in his seat uneasily. \"Ah, well. It was kind of by accident. We really didn't want to bentogether. So I cant help you.\" Stifler hit his steering wheel. \"Damn it. And I can't ask Oz, he and Heather moved off somewhere and Kevinndropped off the face of the Earth, and shitbreak is in love with my mothernso he's no fucking good. Thank god my mom married that gasoline guy afternyour wedding, huh?\" Jim shrugged. \"I don't know how to help you Stifler. Maybe Finch can help you, but not onnhow to get a girl to like you or whatever, but like how to understandngirls,\" Jim suggested. Stifler shrugged and pulled into his driveway. Jimngot out of the car and stared at the house for a moment. \"It's been a long time since I've been here,\" Jim said shoving his hands innhis pockets. He changed to something he would wear back in high school.nStifler opened the door and looked around. True, it was his home. But fornthe past two years he had been living with Cadence, he had only moved backnin that morning. Jim followed Stifler inside and sat on his couch. \"Wouldn't it be pretty cool if we had a party here with all our oldnfriends?\" Stifler said turning on the kitchen light. \"Yeah. How would we contact everyone though?\" Jim said, really consideringnthe idea. Stifler came back with two beers, tossing one to Jim. \"I don't know. Seems kind of hard now that I think about it,\" Stifler saidnsitting on his couch. Jim looked at him. About four years ago, there wouldnbe a hundred people wandering the house. Stifler would be trying to getnsome poor girl drunk and bring her upstairs while he would standing therenwith Kevin and Oz, holding a red cup of beer in one hand with his othernhand buried in his pocket. Stifler would walk around and be flat out rudenand obnoxious to everyone in his path, but now he would probably be muchnmore humane and actually complement people. To bad it was too late for allnthat. \"I think you should call Finch. He knows a lot about all that intellectualncrap. And he totally understands girls, he is like an adult you,\" Jim said,nStifler shrugged. \"Shitbreak wouldn't come help me. The fucker hates my guts, plus I don'tnfancy him that much either,\" Stifler said. Jim could see Stifler becomenpurple with rage. Jim picked up the phone and tossed it to Stifler. \"He'll come if you tell him I'm here. He wont be too freaked out.\" \"Whatever,\" Stifler said and dialed the number Jim told him to dial.n\"Hello? Shitbreak, or I mean, Finch?\"[Chapter 2] \"Hello gentlemen,\" Finch said to Jim and Stifler who were standing in thendoorway. \"Finch, it's been a while,\" Jim said hugging him. Stifler and Finch eyedneach other before mildly shaking hands. Finch showed himself in and lookednaround the room. \"It's been a while since I've been here,\" he said. Stifler nodded thennshowed him to the living room. \"Right, but we have a much more serious problem here shitbreak! Cadencenthinks I don't understand girls and she dumped me last night!\" Finch begannto cough, and then hit his chest. \"You mean you actually stayed with her all this time?\" he asked, amazednthat Stifler could hold a girl for that long of a time. Stifler nodded. \"Yeah, and I need your help!\" Finch scratched his head, and lounged on thencouch. \"I told him you were into that kind of understanding people crap. Do younknow what to do?\" Finch thought, then nodded. \"Indeed I do. I have a friend, she has a gift. You should go see her, shenwill help you out.\" Stifler was ready to do anything to get Cadence back.nHe thought he actually might love her, which was the first real love he'dnever have. \"We have to go see her, tonight. I don't want Cadence to find anyone else,nshe is hot and all.\" Finch nodded and moved towards the door. \"She lives nearby, we can go see her tonight. Lets go.\" * Stifler sat in the back of Finch's new Mercedes Benz. Jim sat in the frontnand well Finch drove. Soon they were in a part of town neither Jim nornStifler had ever been too. Stifler had heard of it, some of the kids on thenfootball team would bring their girlfriends here and try to scare them withnstories of gypsies and psychics. Stifler began to wonder if Finch was justngetting back at him after years of torture. Finally, they stopped in frontnof a gray painted house with lawn gnomes everywhere. \"Here's Sylvia's place,\" he said turning the ignition off. Stifler got outnand looked at the house. \"Are you fucking nuts?\" he said staring. Jim got out too. \"Come on Stifler, I'm sure its really nice.\" He said, not so sure actually.nFinch crossed his arms and tapped his foot. \"Do you want help or not?\" He said walking up the driveway. Jim jerked hisnhead towards the house and followed Finch. Stifler sighed and walked upnwith them. Finch ran the doorbell exactly eleven times. Stifler guessed itnwas how weirdo's told each other they arrived. They stood for two minutesnbefore the door opened. An old woman, defiantly in her 50's, answered. Sheneyed Jim and Stifler before smilingly widely at Finch. \"Finch! Finch! Come in, come in. It's been to long.\" Sylvia said showingnFinch in. \"Don't forget my friends,\" Finch said pointing back. Sylvia stopped Stiflernand Jim at the door and looked at them. \"I sense someone here is not trustworthy,\" she sneered at Jim. Finch pullednher back. \"Don't worry, its just Steven's stench.\" He said. Jim smiled and glidednpast Sylvia with ease. Sylvia still glared at Stifler. \"Hello,\" he said with a genuinely fake smile. The woman sighed deeply andnpursed her lips, as if trying to read his posture. Stifler put his hands innhis pockets and smiled again. The woman turned sideways and opened hernarms. \"Well, come in,\" she snapped, as if he had been standing out there onnpurpose. He walked inside and eyed Finch while Sylvia closed the doornbehind him. He looked around the room. It was painted gold and had purplenand pink scarves either tapped or stapled into the walls. Each doorway innthe house was covering in beads and the room was dimmed. Finch stood andnsmiled. \"Sylvia, we are here to see if you can help Steven,\" Finch said pointing atnStifler. Her friendly smiled faded. \"You mean the un-trustworthy one?\" she asked with sheer dullness in hernvoice. Finch nodded and smiled. \"Yes, the un-trustworthy one. Let us go and sit and you can see if you cannhelp me friend.\" Sylvia nodded and led them to the room behind the yellownbeads. It was a plain room full of throw pillows. They all sat on one.nStifler faced Sylvia. The old woman crossed her arms and looked aroundndully. \"What is your problem?\" she asked, in a cold voice that she didn't usentowards Finch. Stifler leaned forward a bit and made eye contact with her. \"You see, my girlfriend dumped me last night because she thinks I don'tnunderstand woman and I think I do . . .I guess I'm asking you to help menunderstand girls,\" Stifler said with a grin. The old woman's face narrowednand she looked as if she were about to spit. Instead she began to laugh.nStifler's smiled faded and he leaned back onto the wall. Sylvia keptnlaughing and looked at Finch and pointed at Stifler. \"Are you kidding me? You brought him here, for me to help him understandngirls? I cannot believe you! I haven't had such a laugh in years . . .\"nFinch sighed and Jim looked at Stifler and shrugged. \"Please, he is very needy and thinks he may love her,\" Finch said, lightlyntouching Sylvia's hand. The old woman stopped smirking and looked Stiflernin the eyes. \"The only way to understand girls is to be one.\" Stifler laughed. \"Are you shitting me? I'm leaving,\" Stifler said getting up for the door. \"Wonk ot deen yeht tahw dnatsrednu yeht litnu namow a eeht esruc nihtiwnsecrof eht yam!\" Sylvia spat. Before Stifler could say, 'What the fuck?'nhis eyes became heavy and he fell into a hazy darkness. ","Summary":" Stifler strode into the school with a tense look on his face. He and longntime girlfriend Cadence b"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Dear Juliet","Author":"Anoveldebut","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12014764","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing here. All characters, events, etc are the sole property of the rather inspired makers of \"Letters to Juliet\". Author's Note: Just a little something to get out of my writing rut. Reviews are always welcome. Dear Juliet, He never listens. I love his passion, and I love his drive...but just once I'd love for him to love what interests me, too. My heart aches, Juliet, every time his eyes glaze over, or his attention wanders. I can't share the simplest pleasure with him, the simplest joy, with this man I've promised to marry. There are always too many other things on his mind. We came to Verona on our honeymoon, or pre-honeymoon, since his restaurant opens next month...and he doesn't want to see any of the sights. 'Lake Garda has been around five-hundred thousand years,' he says, as if another day, another time, would be better than the opportunity we have right now to see it all. How I'd love to see it all! He's at a wine auction now, without me. And although I've found a story worth telling, a veritable dream come true, I'd rather be in Verona with him, sharing our passions, strengthening our bond, before I lose him to the demands of his new business in a few weeks' time. I'd rather have this time to love him and be loved, than follow the tale of a lifetime, no matter where it leads. I love him, Juliet. More than I've loved any man before. But the longer I follow the story of Claire and her love for Lorenzo, the more I feel I really don't know love at all. My heart is breaking, Juliet, to think that he'll never really know me, never really understand. How can I be with a man who won't let me finish a sentence, much less share in my passions the way I do his? I want him to succeed, Juliet, to live his life's dream. But not at my expense. I can already guess your answer to this, and it pains me. I feel as if I need to chose between the love of a man, or the love of myself. And I know there is only one right choice... Still. It hurts, Juliet. And all I really want right now is for someone to hear my words. Yours, Sophie[Chapter 2] Dear Juliet, I can hardly believe myself anymore, writing to you , of all people, but who else could believe I'd finally fall...for another man's fiancée, no less. I scarcely believe it myself. She asked tonight if I believe in destiny. I answered yes. And for one brief moment, I thought she'd say that she does too, because of me . I was a fool. I wanted to dislike her, Juliet. Had it not been for her interference in our lives, Nana would be safe at home and I'd be at work where I belong. Instead, I find myself drawn to her, struggling to uphold a mask of disdain that simply doesn't exist anymore. She's a beautiful person, inside and out. It's difficult not to see. Nana clearly adores her, and as for me...Well. I wish I could believe her fiancé treasures her the way he should, the way she clearly values him, but by the sadness in her eyes, I know he doesn't. I love her, Juliet. And all I ask now is for the strength to never let her know. -Charlie[Chapter 3] Dear Juliet, I know it is to young Sophie that I owe my thanks, yet I cannot help but thank you as well. After all, were there not many Juliets beyond our dear Sophie, my Claire never would have written all those years ago, and never would have returned to me now. I thank you, all of you, from the bottom of my heart. The work you do, it inspires, and for that, there simply are not enough words. Grazie. Lorenzo[Chapter 4] Dear Juliet, She left. She left, and I still don't understand why. She said she had changed. Changed how, I don't know. She said she still loves me, but then she left. I love her, Juliet, with all my heart. I thought she understood me, understood my passion, my goals. I've waited so long for this, worked so hard...and now that I have what I've wished for, what I've dreamed of, I've lost her . I don't know what to do, Juliet. Do I go after her? Chase her across the Atlantic and beg for her to return? Or do I let her go, move on...? One thing is for certain, Juliet, and that is that I'll never change. This is who I am. This is who I'm meant to be. I just wish she could have stayed the same as well. -Victor[Chapter 5] Dear Juliet, So this is how it feels. This crazy, leave-it-all-behind and cross the ocean feeling, this dizzying, breathtaking, heartbreaking, mortifying, inspiring, carefree, forevermore feeling...this is love. I never knew, Juliet. I never knew it could be this way. It makes no sense. I hardly know him. But the way he looks at me...it makes my breath catch. And the way he inspires me, drives me, moves me, understands me...it's like nothing I've ever felt before. He believes in me, Juliet. Cares enough to show interest in what's important to me. I never knew, Juliet. Never knew how it could feel to have someone stand behind me, encouraging, believing, holding me up until I could stand on my own. For the first time in my life, I know what it means to be cherished. To have someone willing to sacrifice something of themselves for me , instead of always the other way around. I'd move Heaven and Earth for him, Juliet. Anything, anything to keep things just as they are right now. I've never been happier, Juliet. I've never felt so free . For the first time in my life, I get to be me first, get to live my own dream. And I get to do it without pushing him down, without hurting his own goals, his own potential, the way I've been hurt before. I never knew. This is love, Juliet. Two people. Two lives. Two dreams. And absolute, unconditional faith . Yours forevermore, Sophie ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing here. All characters, events, etc are the sole property of the rather ins"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Remnat","Author":"nu shi Yue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9332790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] /This is a sequel from Trapped (My first fan-fiction) Disclaimer: I do NOT own final fantasy VII or its characters. REMNANT By Yue Chapter 1: I've Come back \"Cynthia! Don't you dare!\" said my friend Nora as she accompanied me into my house. \"What? I have an exam to study for next week, this isn't High School anymore; it's College.\" I answered, not wanting to look at her. I couldn't believe what my friends were doing. \"Don't give me that, you had more than enough time when you thought it was with us, come on, we've been planning this all week.\" She wasn't dropping the subject anytime soon. \"Yeah, I heard. Nora, I don't know the guy… and I hadn't dated anyone since my ex.\" Seriously, what was going on inside my friend's minds? She stood in front of me, glaring at me as if she were some fearsome beast, if only she knew what I faced two years ago, she wouldn't have even dared to argue. \"Please… he's been asking about you a lot… he just wants to meet you, and I actually know him since a couple years ago, we're not setting a blind date with a stranger… He's your type, trust me.\" Her speech was so cheesy, funny… I would've found it cute and romantic if I were in high school... maybe, just one chance... \"Fine… I'll go, just let me get dress to go to the movies, and he better pay the pop corns and candies.\" I said causing her to giggle as I went into my room to change. I wasn't in the mood to date anyone… I actually have been trying to find a way back to Cloud's world. I been missing them so much, but as I tried to play the game to see if I can activate whatever it was that made me go into their world... but, no such luck. The three CD's of Final Fantasy VII (as it was called) where unreadable to the Playstation. I even ended up paying a friend's game I borrowed because I \"broke\" it. He was so mad. As I was choosing my clothes, I heard Nora knocking and screaming behind the door to put on something sexy. \"Whatever!\" I screamed back at her making her laugh until she left. I put on my favorite black, high heel boots, with a white v-neck t-shirt that said \"I Rock\" and a semi-short jean-skirt, I was looking for my jacket in my closet, when I found it and pulled it out, and my sword dropped to the floor. When I saw it, I felt nostalgic feeling overwhelm me. I won this sword in the Battle Arena at Gold Saucer. I said I would find a way to visit them… I'm such a liar. As picked up the sword, and took it out of its shelf, something inside my closet begun to shine. It was a pale bright green light, I went towards it and it was my materia (that it was completely useless here). I was shocked and my heart was pounding like never before. I touched it… and everything went white. … I dropping inside the light, with hands locked with Ke Zhang . I didn't dare to open my eyes, but I knew it was bright. Suddenly I was laying on the ground and I open my eyes. I sat up, never letting go of Ke Zhang , as I scanned my surroundings. I couldn't believe where I was, I wanted to cry from joy. I stood up, and tried to remember the forests paths and where it leads. I wondered how much time had it passed and where could my friends be at this very moment. I made sure that my sword's belt was locked around my waist now, needed to be prepared, there were fiends and monster in this world. As I pulled my sword out, I began to practice with it by swinging it forward, upward and downward. I was still good at hand-in-hand combat since I continued training in my world, but I wasn't feeling too confident now. Taking karate and Tae-Kwon-Do more as way to have fun than a way to survive in a world with monsters didn't sound safe for some reason. As I was wandering inside the forest, I recognized some parts and I knew where I was heading now. Visiting her would be the place to be since I'm here now. She felt so close to me, it was still hard to accept her death… it was just… wrong for her to die. Aeris's grave was a few steps away from where I stood and I wondered if I could face it now. As I approached the lake, there was something different… but I couldn't quite pinpoint it. I thought it was because it's been quite awhile since last time I've been here, so I just didn't press. I sat at front of the lake, holding the skirt under me while I stared at the beautiful lake. Flashes of her face smiling came to my mind. I remembered the first time we met, saved by her flower bed in the middle of the church. That place was special, I suddenly wanted to go there, see how the flowers are doing. I must've sat there for a long time because my butt started to hurt, thankfully I didn't ended up flat from all the time's I fallen on it. As I stood up, I foolishly waved good-bye at the lake, and someone's footsteps startled me. As I turned to see who it was, I saw this person, about my age, maybe older, with his bright green eyes staring right through me. He was very handsome and his hair was silver and very symmetric like, very silky, I had this urge to touch it. He was suddenly smiling, in a mocking way. He began to approach me and I had this sudden though… he reminded me of Sephiroth. He was wearing black and he had a rare sword… it was like a katana, but with two blades in the same base. He suddenly put it away, and I instantly grabbed for mine. \"Have you seen mother?\" he said in a very serious tone, it took me minutes to analyze his question. \"Who?\" I finally asked. He sighed, and he turned with frustration from me. \"I can't find mother… I've been looking for her with my brothers, but we hadn't found any leads…\" he began to blabber about other stuff I didn't really understand. Words with Geostigma, mother's gift, lifestream ( finally a word I'm familiar with!) , and other stuff. He finally turned to look at me as I was discretely trying to leaving. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked me getting a few step closer. \"I… was just visiting a friend… I'll be on my way now.\" I said stepping back. \"Where is that friend you're visiting… this is our headquarters, this place. Therefore you are intruding.\" He said taking his two-blade katana out. I pulled out mine as well, but I didn't want to fight him. It didn't feel right and it may sound crazy, but I didn't find him dangerous at all. I instantly put away my sword, and turned. \"I'm not fighting you and I don't want to cause trouble so I'm leaving now.\" As I began to walk away I heard the boy's voice telling me that it was dangerous to wander around this forest. \"Nothing I can't handle…\" and he was suddenly by my side. \"You amuse me.\" He said with a weird chuckle, I kept on walking faster. \"I amuse you?\" I asked feeling, for some unknown reason, like my cheeks were blushing red. He began to chuckle again, and I was having this weird feeling in my stomach, I hadn't felt like this since… well, quite a long time. He offered to escort me out, but suddenly he stopped walking by my side, and turned away. Suddenly there was gun fire. \"I'm afraid, I won't be escorting you.\" He smiled at me. \"That's fine… \"I said, and stopped as he brushed my hair with his finger. \"Until we meet again.\" And he begun to leave. All I could honestly think about was... What the fuck was that all about. \"Hey! I didn't get your name.\" I sense that there was quite a lot more going on here... I need it his identity. \"Is Kadaj.\" He didn't answered right away... and his smile... it seemed sincere, but I felt like he was up to no good. He instantly left deeper into the forest and I lost sight of him. Something big was about to begin... I wouldn't be here if that wasn't the reason. I guess...[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do NOT own any of Final Fantasy VII or its characters Chapter 2: Changes After that odd encounter with this Kadaj I decided to leave, I was now familiar with the forest and was heading towards Bone Village. I couldn't stop thinking about Kadaj though. Why the heck did he touched my hair? As I exited the forest, I spook the life out of one of the diggers . That was epic, the poor girl though I was a ghost. As one of the diggers offered me transportation to go towards Cosmo Canyon, I asked for a phone. I still remembered Cloud's and Barret's number, it was imprinted in my mind. As I dialed Cloud's number I waited for a couple of rings before his answer machine answered. I was disappointed; I wanted to talk to him. So after the beep I left him a message. Hello Cloud, bet you can't guess who this is. It's Cynthia, I know it's been a really long while, but I'm here to visit everyone. I'll be heading towards Cosmo Canyon, I guess… hope to see you soon. Next I dialed Barret's number; this was going to be good. As soon as I heard his voice I scream with excitement. \"Who the hell is this?\" Barret sweetness was inevitable. \"It's me you big dummy, Cynthia!\" I answered, feeling a tear drop. \"Cynthia? What? Where have ya' been?\" Barret sounded happy. \"I'm been home… I'm here to visit everyone, where are you? How's everyone?\" \"I'm here in a mission, and Tifa's livin' in Edge now, go there and visit her, she'll be happy to see you.\" Barret answered \"Hey, call me when you get there! And don't you go disappearing into lights no more!\" Aaw, he missed me. As I gotten into the ship, that was heading towards Costa del Sol, a lot of memories came into mind. I was alone traveling and I was nervous to see everyone. It really has been two years. The wind was hitting my face, and the smell of ocean was all over my mouth. I started training with my sword trying to get back in shape. When I was done, I was completely covered in sweat, man… I was really out of shape. I went back into the rooms down deck to rest until the ship arrived. It would take about 7 to 8 hours until the ship reaches Costa Del Sol. I closed my eyes and felt asleep. I was back in the Northern Caverns. I was descending alone while a familiar dark voice was whispering inside my head. I tripped a couple of times and realized I had the clothes from two years ago… I was the Cynthia from two years ago. I was running trying to get back up, but it was hopeless. I was looking for Ke Zhang, but I didn't have it with me, my magic wasn't working either, I was doomed. Why are you afraid? A familiar voice asked, countering the dark one. I don't want to die here. I answered looking for these voices… then I felt a warm arm surround my shoulders and someone pulled me against his body. It was Kadaj. I felt my cheeks burn for some reason. Don't worry, Mother knows what's best for us… she'll know what to do. He was smiling down at me, he was hugging me now, but I was confused, his words made no sense to me. Who's your mother? I asked and a sudden sadness overcame him, his eyes changed. I would do anything for her… but I'm not complete, it's not enough to please her. He let go off me and he vanished, soon after a familiar figure with long silver hair appeared it front of me, causing me to jump back at my feet and felt on floors. I woke up with a huge pain on my head; I really did fall on the floor. When I looked up at the bed, it had barrels to prevent people from falling (I guess). How the hell did I fall from that bed? Seriously! But my mind was consumed by a boy's face. I didn't understand why, but he wouldn't leave my mind, no matter what I did. Suddenly, I wanted to know who he was. Costa Del Sol was as sunny as ever, with a lot of people here for vacation. It was also hot; I couldn't believe that I had a really long way to go before I reach Cosmo Canyon… I asked one of the workers how could I get to Edge, but it was going to be a longer trip to go there and I wondered… if maybe someone could pick me up. I asked for a phone at the hotel, and I dialed Cloud's number again. Still, no answer. Would it kill him to answer? Why isn't he answering? I waited for the beep. Hey Cloud, it's Cynthia… I was wondering if you could pick me up at Costa Del Sol, I'm afraid that the trip it's too long and I'm kind of low in cash (I'm actually completely broke) so I'll be calling in the next 20 minutes again so please answer. As I was leaving the hotel, one of the boys called me back, said the person I was calling was on the phone. I couldn't believe it, I went flying back in there and when I took the phone, Cloud's husky soft voice brought back a lot of memories. \"Cynthia, it's good to hear from you.\" He sounded down. \"Same here, sorry the circumstances aren't very pleasant. So, do you think you can pick me up?\" I ask with a wide smile on my face. \"Yeah, I'll be there in about two hours. Wait for me until I get there… I'll bring you to Edge so you can see Tifa and Marlene.\" He hung up. \"Oh… okay.\" I gave the phone back to the person on desk \"Thank you.\" As soon as I saw Cloud's figure emerge from the hotel's entrance I lunged a bear hug at him \"I missed you so much! How you been? Wow, nice clothes! You modified the SOLDIER's uniform!\" \"It's good to see you too, are you ready?\" He forced a smile. \"Um, yeah… is everything okay?\" \"Yes… let's go.\" When I saw the transportation vehicle, I couldn't hide my reaction. \"No_way, you got a motorcycle! I always wanted to ride on one! Can I drive?\" I asked with a wide smile that quickly faded. \"No.\" He went and got on his motorcycle giving me a sign to hop on. \"Wow, two years without seeing me and no special treatment what'so ever.\" I hopped on the motorcycle and he took off. \"Your hair's longer.\" Cloud complemented me, trying to make conversation. \"Yeah… I grew two inches taller too!\" I said smiling. \"Ok. Where have you been?\" Cloud asked me. Boy, what do I tell him now! \"I was back home! It's located in… in another dimension I guess.\" \"Oh… \"He didn't ask further question, but there was something different in him. I just couldn't pin point it, but... I wasn't stupid, he was sad for some reason.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do NOT own any of Final Fantasy VII or its characters Chapter 3: On the Edge Cloud and I were getting closer to a city completely unfamiliar to me. Edge resembled to me, in a way, to Midgar. There were a lot of people here, it was a city alright, and it somehow, looked all gray to me. It didn't have a friendly atmosphere, and as I was riding the bike with Cloud, I saw a few children in the corners and alleys of the cities. It broke my heart to see them. Cloud stopped the bike suddenly, and told me that if I follow the street right in front of me I would immediately see Tifa's Seventh Heaven bar. \"But, why aren't you coming with me?\" I asked, refusing to take off. \"I got other things to do, I can't stay… \"Cloud said in a tone that I was unfamiliar with. \"Is there something you're not telling me?\" The question was right out of my lips before I thought it through. \"Cynthia… I need to be somewhere else, for now. Please understand.\" I couldn't comprehend, something must've happened during the period that I was gone. Of course something was bound to happen, I was gone for 2 freaking years! I really didn't know what to do or say, so I just listened to him. \"Fine.\" I got off the bike while trying to look right into his eyes as if the answers I was looking for were hidden there \"Cloud, I think it's unnecessary for me to tell you this, but I'm your friend and even though I was gone for a long time, you can count on me for anything.\" I put my hand on his shoulder where he had a black cloth that covered his arm. \"And you better come back with Tifa, the others and me, to sit back and chat… there's a lot I want to catch up with and a lot I want to talk about… so if you don't come and visit… you better sleep with one eye open, 'cause I'll go and to steal that bike of yours\" I winked and smiled at him, and he answered back with a chuckle when I mention the bike. \"See you later then.\" And he awoke the engines of his bike and took off. As I entered Seventh Heaven making noise of \"tuk, tuk\" with my boots as I approached the bar, I heard Tifa's voice calling for Marlene. I had a quarter on me, so I threw it on the table just to make the noise (my money isn't worth anything here). \"It's the bar open?\" I said with a wide smile on my face. Tifa turned, and when she saw me, she had a surprise and disbelief look on her face. She changed her style a little, her hair was shorter since the last time I saw her. She was wearing a black leather shirt and under it was a white sleeveless t-shirt; she had a red ribbon tied on her left arm and black pants that reached the top of her knees with some kind of black skirt. She looked really cool. \"Cynthia? Is that really you, your hair it's longer and my, you grown a lot!\" she dried her hands quickly before lunging at me to give me a tight hug; I return it with the same affection. I really missed my friends. \"Yeah, thanks, you changed a little too. You look cool as ever, teacher.\" I said. \"Cynthia, where have you been?\" she asked me kindly. \"I was home… where I belong… but, let's skip the subject where my home location is… I'm finally back, I'm so happy.\" \"I'm happy to see you as well… will you stay long?\" she asked. \"I hope so! Don't worry, I have no intention to leave without having a get together first. Oh and I got news, I'm studying to become a pilot\" I said proudly. \"Oh… well_\" Tifa was interrupted by a little girl with a cute blue dress, I suddenly recognized her, it was Marlene… she grown a whole bunch. \"Tifa! It's Denzel, come quick!\" she said with concern in her voice. Denzel? \"Wait here with Cynthia, I'll be back.\" Tifa rushed and went upstairs. I suddenly remembered that I hadn't spent much time with Marlene the last time I was here. It felt awkward and she had a worried look on her face. \"Do you remember me?\" I asked with an unsure smile. \"I think so, you help dad and the others to save the planet.\" She returned the smile. She was definitively cute. \"You're not going to babysit anymore?\" Oh God, she remembers! Shame, shame, shame… \"No, I suck at that… but if I ever do it, I won't run away.\" I said letting out a shameful laugh \"So… who's Denzel?\" \"He's my friend… he has Geostigma, but his doing his best to be strong.\" I saw Marlene grabbed her dressed and pressed on it hard. \"Geostigma? Is it some kind of sickness?\" I asked trying to remember where I had heard that word before. \"Yes… there's no cure, but Denzel and us aren't giving up.\" Marlene said with such concerned, it was transmitted to me. Tifa was back, and said that Denzel was doing alright now. She asked me to come meet him and I nodded while Marlene took me by my hand and pulled me to show me the way. Denzel was nice and he was also shy. He had bandages around his forehead, and he did his best to smile. Once introduction were over, we left Denzel to rest. Tifa explain to me later at night what was Geostigma and what it did. I was horrified by it, and then it hit me. Kadaj said something about Geostigma. As soon as he came to my mind my heart jumped. Tifa noticed this reaction and asked me if I was alright. \"Yeah, I am… Say Tifa, do you have some jeans I could borrow, I like to ditch the skirt.\" I said trying to hide my excitement when I remembered my encounter with Kadaj.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do NOT own Final Fnatasy VII or its characters Chapter 4: I suddenly forgot that I was at Edge when I woke up. It was still dark, and I was wearing shorts and t-shirt that was three sizes larger than my real size. I couldn't remember what I dream about, and strangely I wasn't feeling sleepy at all. I went downstairs, just to get a glass of milk, and I found Denzel sitting in one of the stool chairs. I startled him when I coughed to get his attention. \"Hello, Denzel… you're alright?\" I asked wanting to know if he was having more headaches. \"Yes… I'm waiting for Cloud… he used to get home late and tell me some neat stories from his travel.\" He had a hopeful tone in his voice. \"He'll… come back, will he?\" he asked me. \"I think he will… I threaten him that I would steal his bike if he didn't\" I sat next to him on a stool chair. \"He said he would… although, he looked sad somehow.\" I said hoping that maybe Denzel would know something. \"Sad how?\" he asked me a little surprise. \"Oh never mind… let's wait for him, okay?\" waiting for him sure was boring. Denzel started to get sleepy, and he transmitted his sleepiness towards me. When he fell asleep on my lap I decided to carry him back into his room. Boy! He was really heavy! When I laid him on his bed, I noticed dark dirt on his forehead. He was so young… how can he be in danger of dying? \"Hang in there Denzel… please.\" I said before turning away and left. The next morning, after helping Tifa clean up the bar and around the house upstairs, she decided to check how much I improved. Knuckles! Undercut, cross, jab, jab, jab, cross, front kick, block, an undercut right under my belly and knocked out completely. I hadn't improved much, Tifa could block all my blows and she had a higher stamina, strength and speed than me. We were at it for at least three hours, by the time we… or should I say I… finished, she had already and completely drained the life out of me. I hadn't fought like that in two years. Marlene and Denzel were enjoying the show, and I looked as if I had taken a shower with all the sweat that was running from my forehead. \"You did okay, but you could do better, I hope you consider training before it gets dark\" she smiled at me while I gave her my \"Are-you-kidding-me\" look. \"I'll consider it. So what are we having for dinner?\" We ate something that looked like spaghetti, but tasted nothing like it, it was even better. After dinner I gave Barret a call, and we talked for about 5 minutes, he was in a mission looking for oil, and told me to take care of myself and Marlene. Then I called Yuffie and she demanded me that I should've called her the minute I was back on their world. Yuffie and I had a lot to catch up because we were on the phone for at least an hour. It was great talking to her and she was the same as I remembered her, said that she was going to Edge to pay everyone a visit. That night, Denzel had another headache caused by the stigma. This time I saw his forehead drool a black substance, and I helped Tifa to ease the pain and to clean it. I never had seen anything like it before, I asked if we could use a healing or restore materia, but it didn't work like that. We stay up all night, just to make sure he was feeling better. The phone rang downstairs as I was cleaning Denzel forehead along with Marlene. She was really helpful, and kept giving me useful tips and instruction. When Tifa answered the phone, I wondered if that was Cloud by any chance then, as I approached the room, she was dialing another number. She waited for a few seconds for the other end of the line. \"Cloud, Reno called, he said he had a job for you. Be careful, he sounded a little strange… Cloud, how have you been feeling?\" she then hung up, and stared at the phone thoughtfully as if the mystery of the world could be unlocked by doing so. \"How come Cloud never answers his phone?\" I asked realizing that Tifa hadn't noticed my presence. \"I don't know… it's been a while since he gotten distant.\" She smiled at me and quickly changed the subject \"Cynthia, you're still wearing my pajamas… I bought you some clothes yesterday when I took a stroll… dress up. I'm going to look for Cloud with Marlene.\" \"Really? Where are you going to look for him?\" \"In Midgar… he seems to be staying at the church in the slums that's in Sector 5. So, take Denzel with you around the city and take care of him while we're gone.\" She said leading me out of the room so I could change into my new clothes. Tifa did understood my tastes, she bought me a dark color jean, with a black v-neck t-shirt with long sleeves that were a perfect match with my favorite black boots. She even bought me fighting gloves. As she left with Marlene, I took Denzel around the city, asking every 2 minutes if he was okay, if he was feeling fine, if it was okay walking around, etcetera. I stopped asking for a while because I noticed him feeling uncomfortable. We started talking about a few things, then we bought ice-cream at a nearby park, and just as we were heading back, we passed an alley full of children sitting down in a corner, walking around alone, playing with each other. \"Where are their parents? They all have Geostigma, don't they?\" I asked. \"Most of them are orphans… \"Denzel answered, and I glanced at him. \"Hmm… we should get back home.\" \"Can I stay here for a while?\" Denzel asked not turning to look at me. \"Huh? Oh, okay… then I'll be close by; I'll come and get you in a while.\" I told Denzel I went back to the bar to have Ke Zhang with me, being without him wasn't such a good idea. I started wondering what Kadaj said about Geostigma the other day, and then re-wondered if it was important at all. He seemed unstable, but there was something about him... that I just couldn't take him out of my mind. As I came back to get Denzel, I noticed him being dragged by a girl with a Moogle doll towards the back of a cargo car. There were a lot of children getting on it, and when Denzel climbed it, he caused me a small panic attack, I rushed toward him until a black clothed guy with long silver hair and cat-like green eyes, stopped me. There was something about him that told me he was dangerous. \"Where are you taking these kids?\" I asked him with authority. \"I'm taking them to fix them, of course. You in the other hand have no business here.\" He said with a slight tone, and suddenly… he reminded me of Sephiroth and Kadaj. Fix them? From their Geostigma? I didn't trust this guy and I didn't believe him. I was planning to draw my sword out and take him down, but something told me that I needed to find out who this person was and what was he up to. \"You know how to cure Geostigma? Oh my goodness, I'm so grateful, I want to be cure of my Geostigma too. I can't take the unexpected pain that flows into my body anymore. Oh thank you!\" That was my best acting skill I had ever shown, I was sure that I could've won an Oscar for my dramatization. \"Very well, hop on.\" He gave me a wicked smile that clearly told me he wasn't buying my acting at all. So much for my Oscar… I immediately hopped on to the truck and sat next to Denzel, along with the rest of the children. \"Cynthia, you don't have_\" I cut Denzel short. \"You don't go with the first stranger offering a cure for Geostigma!\" I whispered to Denzel. He was quiet. \"I'll see what this people have to offer, okay? We'll find a cure together.\" I put my hand on top of his head and gave him a reassuring smile. The truck went into life and we began to leave Edge.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do NOT own Final Fantasy VII or its characters. Chapter 5: Liking the Wrong Guy We were heading towards the Sleeping Forest. I knew this path all too well. We weren't just randomly heading towards a place inside the forest. We were heading towards the lake where Aeris was last seen, to me, Aeris's grave. I was holding Denzel's hand real tight as I felt my heart pounding against my chest. Kadaj was on my mind the whole trip. It was weird; me being here made that small encounter with him so powerful. As we arrived, the kids took off the truck. Their faces expressed confusion and at the same time, hope. I took off as well while scanning my surroundings. I grabbed Ke Zhang just to be sure I had it. Just a little further than me, I saw him… my heart stopped instantly. He was just a few feet away, and he seemed not to notice me. I turned and told Denzel I was going to check this place around, and he nodded. As I was rushing to approach him, I felt my whole being getting heavy… I was having a bad feeling. \"What do you think you're doing?\" I turned him around roughly, he seemed upset at first but when he saw me, his face eased. His shoulder–length hair was partly covering his face, and I noticed that he had cat-like green eyes too. His silver hair was unbelievable silky, I wanted to touch it. \"Well, look who it is, I'm glad we did got to meet once more.\" He began to chuckle, while walking around me. I suddenly felt intimidated, but hid all hint to give me away. We kept eye contact all the way. His hair… A girl would kill for that hair, and boy… why did he had to be so darn good looking, every step his taking, it takes my breath away. Stop it Cynthia, focus! \"What are you going to do with the kids? What's this cure I hear about? You better have not lied to them.\" I demanded him. \"You're here to witness my reunion, I see. I'm glad, mother will know what's best when she comes.\" He said completely avoiding my question. \"Reunion?\" that word, it took me back to the past. There was something familiar, but different about all this. \"What do you mean by that?\" I stood in front of him, he walking around me and it was creeping me out, and he smile right down at my face. Focus! Focus! Focus! \"Mother wants him .\" He turned and began to laugh sadly. \"I never met him, but somehow… I can sense him.\" He turned to look at me now, our eyes meeting. \"It hurts, to think that mother prefers him over me, but I would do anything for her.\" His hair covered his face; I wanted to brush his hair to uncover it. \"Who does your mother wants?\" I asked, almost feeling sorry to even ask him. I felt a strange sensation of fear inside my stomach, as if I knew already who he meant, but it was necessarily for me to hear the name out loud. \"Sephiroth, he's coming back.\" He stared with such intensity into me as he said the name. An old fear came rooting back from inside me. \"No… you can't bring him back!\" I drew my sword out, I was going to confront him, but he instantly stepped right in front of me. We were inches apart from each other, and he grabbed my face so tenderly with both of his hands. \"Hush now, last night you were the one who didn't want to fight… tonight… I don't want to fight you… it's only fair.\" Just then, I felt a great deal of tiredness overwhelm me and before everything went black. \"A… a… Sleepel... m... ateria.\" I manage to say. I felt someone call for my name, over and over again. It was a voice I did not expect to hear in a place like this. Still, she kept calling for me to wake up, and I open my eyes to see Marlene's worried face. I was confused at first, and then I remembered. \"Marlene!\" she hugged me. \"What are you doing here?\" I scanned around and noticed the guy with long silver hair, whom recruited the children at Edge, approached us both. \"Silence you two… it's about to start.\" Just then, a muscular guy with very short silver hair took Marlene away while the long silver hair guy pointed a strange looking gun at me. He was very serious. I began to search for Ke Zhang, but I didn't have it on me. It's been long since I last felt useless and hopeless . What's going on here? What am I going to do? Can't help anyone if I'm death… Just then, I saw Kadaj… and across the lake all of the children. And he began to speak… \"Mother has given me a very special gift: The power to fight… against the planet that torments humanity! She gave this gift to all of her children. That's right, you and I are brethren. Brothers and sisters, chosen to inherited mother's legacy throughout the lifestream. But… the planet doesn't approve of that at all! It doing everything it cans to hold us back! That's why it's wrecking our bodies with pain, and filling our hearts with doubt!\" he had so much emotion in his words it was hard for me to tell what was the lie and what was the truth if there was one at all. Suddenly, he became so intense. \" I will heal you… and together we will join back with mother and strike back at the planet!\" as every word escape his mouth, the intensity surrounded him with a strange energy so dark, it rose my hair. Ordering the children to do what he said, I got a glimpse of Denzel . I needed to do something, but as soon as I got up, I was kicked by long silver hair guy. What pissed me off the most was the fact that his kick landed directly on my butt. Marlene and I kept screaming out for Denzel… but… he drank the black water and the second he opened his eyes, I saw cat-like eyes. \"What did you do to them!\" I screamed at him, my heart pounding with supreme fear when Denzel wouldn't response to either Marlene or me. \"I healed them.\" He smiled at me as if he done something humble. \"No you didn't_\" I was interrupted. \"Kadaj, big brother is coming.\" The long silver hair guy reported with a slight smile on his face. Great, another little Sephiroth? \"Perfect, we're stopping that traitor… \"He turned to look at me, he open his mouth but said nothing. \"Let's go.\" He turned and all the kids, including Denzel, followed. I couldn't take this anymore. Fine, they can shoot me. \"You're not going anywhere!\" I rushed forward, intending to stop Kadaj, right here and now, but the muscular guy stepped in, and I ended up in a combat fight with him. I managed to punch him a couple of times, but he gotten extremely fast as a short time passed… and I was knocked down with a electrical punch right under my belly, blowing me off into the opposite direction. I felt weak, that blow… was quite heavy. \"Cynthia!\" Marlene was about to run towards me, but… \"Stay with Denzel! Kadaj, you better not hurt her!\" and they all left. What the heck was going on? I can't understand anything! I stood up, feeling a bit stronger and right then, I spotted Ke Zhang , just holding my sword made me feel stronger. I headed myself towards where Kadaj went. As I ran, I heard Kadaj's voice, talking about someone being the black sheep. I saw them and just then, I saw a blonde spiky head figure on the ground. \"Cloud!\" Marlene stole the words right out of my mouth, and a fearsome fight began. I joined in just when the muscular guy was about to land a punch on Cloud. I managed to block him with my sword. He was surprised, but quickly changed his face to amusement. I blow him off. \"Pay back!\" Cloud was surprise to see me, but there wasn't any time for chit chat, as he busied himself with Kadaj and sliver long hair guy. I got into an intense fight with muscular guy. He was still too fast for me, but this time I was wide awake and had Ke Zhang with me, I suddenly remembered an attack and summon it. A long bright light of beam came back into my sword, and I used it as my best defense and attack… Cloud on the other hand was blocking bullets and Kadaj's attacks. Dividing and joining his sword as he saw fit. He was just as fast as them and managed to take everything they seemed to offer. Suddenly as I my beam died, muscular guy landed a blow to the ground causing mug slide coming right towards me. You got to be freaking kidding me! I ran towards the other side getting out of its way, and he once more approached me. I immediately dropped down and water kicked him off his feet. The bigger they are, the harder they fall. Bet you didn't see that one coming! At that moment I glanced to check on Cloud and just when he had Kadaj, my heart went up my throat and then down my stomach. I was covered in fear and worried for both of their safety. I didn't want either of them getting hurt, but Kadaj had to be stopped. Just then, Cloud's face show pain, and that alone gave Kadaj an advantage. I ran towards them when I saw that Kadaj was about to slash Cloud. Suddenly, a familiar red cape appeared in that very moment, he came to Cloud's aid. Vincent! I use that chance to get Marlene out of there. I knew that the children would not be harm, I come for Denzel later. And so, we both ran out of the fighting scene, with the hopes of finding Cloud and Vincent.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do NOT own Final Fantasy VII or its characters. Chapter 6: Finding Jenova's Head As we ran through the forest, we desperately search for Cloud and Vincent. Marlene began to explain to me what happened at the church in Sector 5. They found out there that Cloud was also infected with Geostigma. They were planning to wait for Cloud, but instead one of Kadaj's brother appeared and engaged Tifa in a fight. \"Wait, he took Tifa down? That's impossible!\" I said trying to locate Cloud and Vincent scanning every possible corner they could've gone. Cloud… why didn't he said he had Geostigma? \"Cynthia, what's going to happen to Denzel?\" she asked me, and I shook my head. \"I don't know, but we're find a way… we always do.\"I was panting now. Just then, I heard Vincent husky voice, it sounded more like whispers and I couldn't quite make out their conversation, but Marlene and I ran and as soon as Marlene saw Cloud, she took up with speed and stopped at Cloud's embrace. \"Cloud! Denzel! Tifa!\" Marlene began almost out of breath. \"Tifa it's alright, she's at the bar.\" Cloud said calmly. \"That's a relief, but Cloud? What do we do now?\" I said getting by Marlene's side. \"I want to talk to her!\" Marlene asked, but when Cloud went to look for what I assume was the phone, he then realized he didn't have it with him. \"May I?\" Marlene asked all of the sudden peacefully to Vincent. \"You don't have a phone!\" she replied when Vincent lifted his red cloak for Marlene to see. To be honest… no surprise there. \"Vincent, can you bring Marlene to Tifa? I have some things to discuss with Shinra.\" Cloud said trying to bring Marlene towards Vincent. I glanced confused at him. \"What are you going to discuss with them? Kadaj is after Jenova, they're going to bring Sephiroth back, he told me himself. We need to stop him now.\" I said, and seconds later Vincent refused to take Marlene home. \"But, I_\" Cloud began, but Marlene interrupted him. \"Forget it Cloud! Why don't you pay any attention to us?\" Marlene rushed to get inside Vincent's cloak. \"Marlene, please, give me some time… there's a battle to be fought, but it's not as simple as just fighting it. Do you understand?\" Cloud spoke as softly as he could, but I didn't understand what was he trying to say. \"No I don't!\" Marlene answered stubbornly. \"Cloud, you sure this is about fighting?\" Vincent asked him carefully. Cloud began to think, he had that usual face on; he was thinking back. We were all waiting a few seconds before he finally reacted. \"Are our sins… ever forgiven?\" Oh, he's having a 4 th dimensional moment. \"I've never tried.\" Vincent answered. \"You mean… never tried…\" Cloud said more to himself while still having his 4th dimensional moment \"Marlene, Cynthia… let's go.\" And he's back! \"Well, I'm going to try.\" I walked beside him while Marlene took his hand. \"I'll phone you and let you know.\" But Vincent doesn't have a phone... \"Cloud, I don't get why you didn't tell anyone about your Geostigma!\" I said over the wind as we were heading towards Edge on Fenrir. \"I know.\" Cloud answered. \"What were you doing at the forest?\" \"I saw them taking the kids, and I needed to know where they were taking them, so I hopped on with Denzel to find out. Unfortunately, Kadaj put me to sleep… and don't ask anything else!\" \"About what?\" Cloud asked completely clueless. \"Cynthia, I think Kadaj likes you!\" Marlene said. Where did that came from? \"Marlene! Why do you say that? He's the bad guy!\" I said, feeling Cloud's awkwardness. \"He told the other two not to hurt you, and before you woke up he was caressing your hair!\" Marlene said, unaware that she was causing me a mayor meltdown. Cloud didn't said a word after that. I got off from the bike, and headed to find out what was all the commotion that was in town. Cloud took Marlene to the bar, but before he left he told me to be careful. Inside the crowds I found two familiar faces, that I never thought I would be relief to see them. \"Reno! Rude!\" I called out for them gaining their full attention. \"Hey, haven't seen you in a long time. Where have you been hiding?\" Reno asked even thought he didn't really care. \"I've been away… What's going on?\" \"It's Kadaj's gang, he's using the children to stop anyone from intervening… Are you familiar with them?\" Reno asked, again… he didn't care. \"Yes, I am… why aren't you stopping them?\" I demanded them. \"No point… what they're looking for isn't there.\" Reno answered. \"Nice excuse… \" I said sarcastically \"You are going to stop them before something bad happens.\" I said to them taking Reno from his hair and dragging him towards the monument. \"Hey, stop it Samantha!\" I let go of him. \"We were about to do that, pushy.\" Rude just stayed quiet regardless anything that happen. \"What did you just called me?\" I asked giving him my dart look. \"Samantha, isn't that your name?\" Reno asked and I couldn't tell if he was joking or being serious. \"That's not my name! We fought against each other for quite a lot of times, we've even worked together once before!\" I can't believe this big mouth! \"Oh… But you name starts with an 'S'.\" he said while the three of us were heading towards Kadaj's gang. \"No, it's Cynthia… with an 'C'.\" I said putting on my fighting gloves. \"Rude! Why did you said her name was Samantha! You have a terrible memory!\" Reno said 'causing no reaction at all from him. He must've been used to it. Moments later, Shadow Creepers appeared out of nowhere, and the whole crowd had scattered. We managed to locate them easily thanks to that. \"And what are we up to?\" Reno asked gaining their attention as we passed by the children circle. \"Mother is here.\" The long silver hair guy pointed to the monument. \"This thing… this monument thing, Shinra made it.\" Muscular guy said. \"Oh no, you're just too clever.\" Reno said with a great deal of sarcasm. \"Except, you're wrong.\" Rude said. \"And whatever she is, that's just classified information.\" Reno said, stating that they do know where Jenova's head is. \"So you do have something to hide.\" Long silver hair guy said. \"Rude! You and your big mouth!\" Reno barked. \"Yeah, blame Rude for your mistakes.\" I said to Reno. \"Oh, don't tell me you're still mad 'cause Rude said your name was Samantha. \"Oh Reno, shut up… Hey you two! Where's Kadaj?\" I asked not even sure why I wanted to know… Was it to see him or to stop him? \"Oh, it's our brother's lover.\" Long silver hair guy. \"Have introductions been skipped?\" he completely avoided my question. Yup, their definitively related. \"I asked where Kadaj is... And he is not my lover!\" I said unable to hide my now red face. \"I'm Yazoo, and he's Lozo, I would advise you not to help the enemy.\" Yazoo said to me giving me an amuse look. \"Oh God! I'm already your enemy!\" I took a step forward while Reno and Rude were looking at each other based on the new information. Just then a summoning appeared, and a big nasty Bahamut landed on top of the monument. The real panic started right then. As we were about to start a fight with Yazoo and Lozo, we came to a stop and the three of us momentarily stood and watch it. \"Hell no!\" the three of us shouted as we took the children we could out of the way. Yazoo and Lozo came after us, but adrenaline kicked in and I went running past Reno and Rude. \"Is it after us!\" Reno asked in a panic tone. \"I'm not going to ask it!\" Rude answered. \"Why don't you go back and find out!\" I yelled at him while a big blast occurred from behind us, possibly caused by the big nasty Bahamut, and blew the three of us away. As the three of us lay down recovering. Yazoo and Lozo stood right behind us. \"Are we having fun yet?\" Yazoo asked and just then the three of us got up, but Reno charged in first. \"The ti_me_of_my life!\" and he attacked with his electro rod, combine with hand-in-hand combat. Rude took on Lozo while I went with Reno giving him a hand. The fight, just like last time was intense. I gave it all I got, but Yazoo was just as fast his brother, at one point I was going to give Yazoo a jab, but he dodged it and Reno gave me a nasty hit on the side of my face with his electro rod. It hurt like hell. \"I'm not the enemy you fool!\" I barked at him. \"You got in the way!\" He barked back. \"Just give us back mother, and that'll be the end of everything.\" Yazoo said peacefully as he watched us from the top of a small building. \"Argh!\" Reno went crazy and began to recklessly climb it with his bare hands. As for me I followed the fight with my eyes, and couldn't believe it when Reno got kicked out, crashing into a big sign, knocking the sign down which landed on top of poor Rude, he was managing not to collapse, but failed when Reno landed on him. Well that was priceless actually. \"Mother, shmother… is Jenova's freaking head!\" I heard Reno said as I was approaching them. \"Hey!\" Lozo said upset. \"I will not have you refer to mother that way!\" Yazoo said as Lozo was calling Reno a meanie. I caught up to them, taking their side. \"Our apologies.\" Rude said politely. \"Yeah… you're mom's cool… what the hell am I saying!\" and the fight resume only this time we had the advantage for a small period of time. Reno managed to punched Yazoo, while got swinged by Rude and made a super-fast-ultra-double kick right on Lozo's face causing them both to fall back, but moments later Lozo gave Reno a punch that blew him towards me, pushing me back towards Rude and having a mayor ride that ended up with a nasty crush. We lay surrounded by Lozo and Yazoo, as the three of us catch our breath. An explosion occurred above us, which called our full attention. Rufus was falling from the building, just then Kadaj jumped behind him. Suddenly there was a box which Rufus shot that called out my full attention. I instantly caught it, Kadaj landing right next to me while Rufus was caught by a pair of nests, saving him from the nasty fall. I stared at the box with terror. Kadaj stood right next to me with a tender smile, as if he was admiring me the connection I was having with the box. \"Mother. You saved her.\" He told me holding my hands that were holding the box. \"I did no such thing!\" Oh God, I was holding Jenova's freaking head! Reno wasn't joking! Just then the sound of a motorcycle was heard and when Kadaj and I follow the sound, it was Cloud approaching us. I began to back away as soon as I saw Kadaj's frustration, but he took the box from my grasp, taking the lead and getting away with their bikes. Cynthia you fool! You were holding Jenova's head! I, by pure instinct, jumped on Cloud's bike behind his back as he passed by my side. \"Cynthia, what are you doing?\" Cloud asked me, concerned on his tone. \"We need to stop Kadaj, but Cloud I just can't bare watch him get hurt… I'm going with you no matter what you say!\" I said surprised by my own words, and so we drove off after Kadaj not knowing what was going to happen next.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Reunion We were chasing down Kadaj, and behind us followed Yazoo and Loz. The chase was intense, and caused for Cloud and I to shift positions almost constantly. When we got to the tunnel, Loz threw his bike on us right when Cloud was locked in battle bike to bike. Yazoo released the lock between them, backing away on his bike with a slim smile. Cloud immediately jumped while telling me to take Fenrir and turned the bike in two right in mid-air, suddenly Loz lunged at Cloud. Cloud went on and threw him were the bike was landing, seconds later that same bike exploded. Loz suddenly jumped from behind me, and I unleashed a non-stopping combos of smacks with one hand at Loz, while the other tried to keep control on Fenrir. He grabbed my hand annoyed, and Cloud landed on the front part of Fenrir. Cloud and Loz were rapidly locked in battle as I was between them. Don't ask me how I didn't crash the bike. They jumped once more in mid-air, and Yazoo joined in just as Cloud divided his Fusion sword in two, shaking both of them off smoothly. Cloud landed behind me, and told me to speed up and we finally outrun them. On our way out of the Tunnel, we passed Reno and Rude, both of them were smiling. Minutes later, a mass of fireworks initiated from behind us. What did those two did now? Not a minute later, Cloud told me to jump into the next road, right besides us, and Kadaj was right there. \"Cynthia, no holding back.\" Cloud said as I shift roads. \"Right.\"I said, partly doubting myself. Right then Cloud and Kadaj were both locked with their swords, they were both somehow connected for a small couple of minutes, sooner than later, I noticed the end of the road. \"Cloud!\" right when I said it, we were dropping down, fast. \"Cynthia, careful!\" We landed roughly on earth, Fenrir, going right into Kadaj. Just then \"Cynthia, get down!\" Kadaj's sword pierced Cloud's cloak. I lost balance and Kadaj went ahead as I tried not to crash Fenrir. I turned around, and asked Cloud if he was alright. He nodded and took a look at the cloak that was covering his left arm. He ripped it off, and I saw where he had his geostigma… he also had a red ribbon tied on his arm… like Tifa's. I smiled at him, and he returned it. We shift places and took off after Kadaj. I heard a cry were the church in Sector 5 was, and I recognized, somehow, it was Kadaj's. When we were in front of the church we could see him in the middle of Aeris' Garden. We burst inside with Fenrir, and Kadaj rapidly shot down a column that almost smashed us, he threw another blast at us destroying Aeris' flowers. Her garden… Kadaj was about to fire another shot right at Cloud, I immediately shield him with my body, stepping in front of Cloud. \"Cynthia, get out of the way.\" Kadaj flinched, he didn't dare to fire. He didn't want to hurt me. \"I won't… \" I scanned the now destroyed garden, and there was something happening in it. Water was pouring out in the middle of it, and something like a fountain emerged. It suddenly felt like rain… I felt a sudden peace within me, unlike Kadaj, the water was hurting him, and he quickly escaped. I turned to look at Cloud and I saw his geostigma disappearing completely. We both smiled, and we suddenly heard a very, but very familiar voice that filled us both with joy. Aeris has come to our aid, once again. We hopped on and caught up to Kadaj. Shinra building was in view, Kadaj was on top of a pillar. He was waiting for us, I pulled out Ke Zhang, and a familiar strength was back within me, the same strength I had when I faced Sephiroth two years ago, maybe it was adrenaline, but it was back and it was there. The atmosphere had taken a different turn, I felt my heart pounding as I look at Kadaj, and he was there… and he wasn't. \"Brother, I have finally found mother!\" Kadaj said. It's hard to believe that there's actually a head in that little box. \"What now?\"Cloud asked. \"Mother will tell me, you'll see.\" Kadaj said with a sad chuckle… one that shredded me apart. \"I guess avatar don't get the memo… \"Cloud said, the fight was about to begin, I could feel it under my skin, Cloud glanced a look at me. \"So what if I'm a puppet?\" No you're not… \"Once upon a time… \" he was unlashing another energy ball in his hand \"You were too!\" and he fired directly at Cloud which he easily dodged. The fight shift between me and Cloud, Kadaj was faster than Yazoo and Loz. He engaged me a couple of time, all we did was block, neither intending to really hurt the other, but when the fight shifted to Cloud the fight was one to the end. Kadaj jumped up on a pile of stones, and I followed. We locked in, neither willing to let go. Our eyes made contact, and he knew I was bluffing. He threw my swords away from my hands and I immediately lunge him a combo of jabs, and our small battle ended with a front kick. Cloud took him on, and as they were locked in battle, an airship flew above us. It was the others, but suddenly seem to have decided to leave the fight to us. As I went to get Ke Zhang, I saw the unexpected, Kadaj has fallen from the pillars, losing his sword in the process, unwilling to let go of Jenova's head. My heart jump in fear of what might happen, even though there was distance between us, I could hear them… the words that stroke me were Kadaj's. It was going to happen. Welcome to my reunion… Kadaj had said while swallowing Jenova's… head… cells… something from the box. It happen, Sephiroth was back as Cloud went to take Kadaj down. Kadaj was no more, and I could see Sephiroth in the fledge, I began to move towards Shinra tower, when the sky suddenly turned black. Great, he can control the weather now? Hope I don't get struck by lightning. The fight was intense, and getting to Shinra tower was an epic adventure, especially when Sephiroth torn stone, walls, and part of Shinra building with his massive 6 foot long katana. The weather worsen, and lightning began to rumble making me flinch at the thought of being stroke by it. I felt my heart jump every time Sephiroth's and Cloud's swords collided, making white-blue energy burst out. The battle was long, and so was the climbing. As I was reaching the top of Shinra's tower, I saw Sephiroth piercing Cloud's shoulder, and right there, before I scream Cloud's name. I heard Sephiroth speak to him, his voice was like ice and filled with arrogance. What do you treasure most? I want the pleasure of taking it from you. Sephiroth said causing Cloud protective self emerge Cloud took Sephiroth's pierce off, and took a stand. \"How sad, you don't seem to understand…\" They began to fight again, and right when Sephiroth jump up in the air, Cloud went right after him. \"There is nothing I don't treasure!\" You tell him Cloud! That's when he released all his swords, surrounding Sephiroth and taking him by surprise for the first time. He slaughtered him good, ending the battle smoothly, I took Cloud's side. \"Stay in my memory… where you belong.\" Cloud said to Sephiroth. \"I will never be a memory.\" Sephiroth said, the sky turning back to normal as he had released a black wing. He surrounded himself with it, and Kadaj appeared once more. I dropped my sword as he was running right at Cloud. He was almost out of breath, when I caught him, his sword dropped to the ground ( I swear he dropped that sword somewhere else ), and he accepted my embrace. He was breathing hard, and Cloud stood behind me. \"Cynthia… Brother… \" Kadaj said as I gently laid him down on my lap. Our eyes locked in, I began to caress his hair, his soft hair. \"Kadaj… don't fight anymore… \" I said, holding back my tears. Cloud level down, and we were quiet, until a voice echoed from above. It was a familiar voice. Her voice . One that could make you feel at peace with yourself. Kadaj… you don't have to hold on anymore. It began to rain, and the rain, I could feel, was pure. Mother… is that you? Kadaj said while letting a tear of relief drop. Everyone's waiting… if you want. Kadaj rose his arm to the sky, as if taking someone's hand, and just like that, he began to vanish with lifestream. He was gone. Cloud and I stood up, letting the rain drop, I was crying softly too. I didn't get a chance to say good-bye at least. As the rain was dropping, I saw the airship going towards us, probably to come and get us. But then, someone shot Cloud on the chest. My heart was about to stop, I turned to look, and it was Yazoo and Loz. The fight it's over! I felt everything in slow motion, Yazoo declared that we were to leave together, and Loz said something about \"together we can play\". Cloud and I lunge at them at the same time, and the last thing I saw, was Yazoo causing an explosion, and then… everything went blank. … It smell good, and it felt familiar. I was sleeping in Aeris' garden. It was still intact. Even though, my eyes were closed, I knew exactly where I was, and at the same time, I didn't it. I opened my eyes as I laid down on the flower bed, I was in the church. It was completely untouched. Just when I met Aeris, when this flower bed save Cloud and me from a nasty fall. Nothing was change, and yet, everything here felt different. As if this was the only place left in the world. Nothing else existed; I began to scan my hand and then my arm. Not a scratch on me. Suddenly, the flowers warmed me that someone was approaching me. I refused to get up, so all I did was lift my head and I saw Kadaj. He was smiling down at me. That's when I rapidly stood. I didn't know what to say… I just listen what my whole body wanted to do, I ran to hug him. He slowly return it, I felt his heart pounding against his chest. \"Is this a dream?\" I asked, not really caring, but afraid to wake up just the same. \"Yes, it is a dream… your dream.\" He chuckled. \"I like it very much.\" I felt him smiling, I didn't want to break his hug. \"Why did we have to end up as enemies? Why did all this happen? It's not fair… \"I said, one man… one vicious man came to my mind. This has had to be his work. \"I don't know… I was… just… lost… inside an illusion.\" That sounded familiar. \"Maybe, in the next life… we can be together. I'll see you again one day. I'll hold on to that hope.\" \"Kadaj… you're really difficult to understand, but I hope you're right.\" He was caressing my hair. \"It's time to say good-bye\" Kadaj said. \"What, no out of the blue laugh\" he chuckled. \"I don't feel like laughing.\" He forced me to break our hug by putting his hands on my shoulders. His cat-like eyes stared at me, he smiled. \"Until next time.\" I nodded and there was a sudden splash of water on my face. A voice that I hadn't heard in quite some time was constantly calling for me to wake up. \"Come on and wake up sleepy head! You're missing all the fun!\" Yuffie was splashing me with water, and all my friends surrounded me, even Vincent was here, and a bunch of kids were playing in the water with Cloud. I was suddenly disoriented. It really was a dream. \"I was having a great dream Yuffie Kisaragi!\" I stood up and ran towards Yuffie clobbering her with masses splashes of water. I found out that all the kids with geostigma were healed thanks to the water that emerged from Aeris' garden. Everything was finally back to normal. I stayed a couple of week with Cloud, Tifa, Barret, Marlene and Denzel. That light that was meant to return me back to my world appeared after everyone was visiting Tifa's Seventh Heaven bar. I even met Reeve, Cait Sith behind the scenes; he was quite funny and gentle. I had the exact same clothes that I was wearing the same day I came back here. I knew these clothes were taboo! I froze when I saw the light, it was shinning right where I left Ke Zhang , and therefore my sword disappeared. I saw everyone's gaze on me. \"Yup, time to go back home… \" I said, trying to swallow my remorse. \"You'll come back won't you?\" Denzel and Yuffie asked at the same time. \"I really don't know, but I'll forever keep trying.\" I stood up and I hug everyone tightly. I kissed Marlene and Denzel on their forehead. I also hugged, awkwardly, Reeve. Just before I went into the light, I turned to look at everyone, and gave a real smile this time. \"Until next time!\" and went right into the light. … Like last time, I woke up inside my room, I stood up, and I heard Nora's foreign voice. \"Cynthia, did you died in there! You'll going to be late! Hurry up!\" I opened the door and she stared at me. \"You look…\" Oh shit, my brother believes (sort of) but Nora, she'll call a mental clinic and send me there for the rest of my life, I can't tell her the truth. \"Plain… all that time you took, and this it is… I was expecting a gala dress and everything… Gee, come on, you're going to be late. Just like that I ended waiting for a random guy to present himself as my date. As my cell phone vibrated, I check to see what else did Nora texted me this time. She was asking me for the one-hundredth time, if he was there yet. As I texted her a \"No\" with a bunch of exclamation marks and exaggerated angry faces. Someone approached me, and my heart was shot up to my throat while butterflies were unleashed in my stomach. \"Hey Cynthia, so we finally meet.\" He said with a wide smile as he combed his silky smooth, shoulder-length hair. I honestly couldn't believe this, I was tempted to look around to see if this was one of those Hidden Camera's jokes. \"Not sure if your friends told you, but, my name it's Calvin.\" His smile was intact. I was momentarily speechless. \"As in… Calvin Klein or Kadaj?\" I asked unconsciously, but he let out an adorable laugh. \"No, and yes… I didn't think you were a fan of Final Fantasy series. You don't see the type.\" I'm part of the team sweetheart, and that's a secret. \"Ok, I'm going to ask you this, and you better answer seriously and honestly… \" he waited for my question, half serious and half still smiling. \"Are you really my date?\" He smiled innocently \"Yes I am.\" \"Why did you bother my friends just to meet me?\" I asked him trying to hold my smile. \"There was something about you that caught my attention, and I'm not sure why myself, but this was the perfect moment to meet you. Call me crazy, but it's just something more than love at first sight.\" He was combing his hair again, the only difference between Calvin and Kadaj, was their hair color. Calvin's hair was pitch black. Kadaj's words resonated in my head Maybe, in the next life we can be together. Maybe Calvin was Kadaj's reincarnation, or maybe not, but there was that same feeling inside of me, it was the same when I met Kadaj. That feeling of sudden happiness, maybe I can take Calvin with me in my next visit to Final Fantasy world. ","Summary":" /This is a sequel from Trapped (My first fan-fiction) Disclaimer: I do NOT own final fantasy VII or"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"From Heaven...","Author":"PurplePepsi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/707155","Passage":"[Chapter 1] YAYHey, look, another Jess story! Lol. Anywho. This takes place duringnAmerican Pie (the first movie), aka 12th highschool year. Some call itn\"Senior year\". Clever, lol. Yeah well, ditz overload. By the way, lets make this clear that this is NOT the Jessica from thenactual movie. Different Jessica. Totally different. Now, everyone in the first movie gets some actual \"in love\" stuff…cept fornJim, but he still got sex. But what about Stifler? :) Have fun! //////////////////////////////////////n////////////////////////// Jim and Oz stood at their lockers, talking back and forth as they enteredntheir combinations. \"I dunno what you're so pre-occupied about,\" said Oz, \"Don't worry about anthing. You can talk to her.\" Jim looked over his right shoulder at Caryn LaGourge, one of the hottestngirls in school. He bit his bottom lip nervously and looked at Oz. \"I can't,\" he said, \"You do it for me.\" \"What?\" Oz looked at Jim, raising an eyebrow, a look of pure pity on hisnface. \"You, Oz, have to ask Caryn out for me.\" Jim repeated, putting his hands onnhis hips like he was meaning business. Oz shook his head and looked backnto his locker. \"There's no goddamn way I am asking a chick out for you,\" he said, \"That'snsuch girl shit.\" Jim sighed and pulled out a binder from his locker. \"Its not like it'd matter anyway,\" he said. \"What wouldn't matter, my friends?\" said Finch as he came up beside Jim andnstood there. \"It wouldn't matter if you all had dicks, cause you couldn't get fuckednanyway.\" Said Stifler, appearing from nowhere beside Oz's locker. \"Shit, Stifler,\" said Oz, obviously having just been scared by thenappearance. \"Whoa, calm down, Ozzie.\" Said Stifler, \"Don't want your water to break,nmiss.\" \"What do you want, Stifler?\" asked Jim. \"I just decided to come over here and tell you Jim, that Caryn is not innyour league.\" Said Stifler. \"What do you mean?\" asked Jim. \"I mean, you don't have a horse's shit chance in hell with her.\" \"Lay off of him, Stifler.\" Said Oz. It was then that Kevin came scrambling down the hall. \"Holy shit,\" he said, \"Have you guys seen the new girl?\" \"Ah,\" said Stifler, \"She must be a real dog if you're so excited aboutnseeing her.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" asked Kevin. \"C'mon, dude, we've all seen Vicky.\" Replied Stifler, smirking widely. \"Hey, fuck you, Stifler!\" said Kevin and lunged at him, but was held backnby Jim. \"Whoa,\" said Stifler, \"Your G-strings are all in a twist today.\" \"So, about this new girl,\" Jim said, turning to Kevin, trying to calm himndown, \"She hot?\" \"Oh my god, she's not just hot.\" Answered Kevin. \"So, what's so great about her?\" asked Oz. \"Well, see for yourselves cause she's coming in now.\" Said Kevin and theynall looked down the hall at the doors at it's end. Through the doors came a girl. She had light brown hair, which was put inna loose bun. She had piercings in both her ears. Four earrings in each tonbe exact; two on the top, two on the bottom. That wasn't her only bodynpart that was pierced though. She was wearing a tight white tank-bellytop,nexposing her pierced bellybutton ring, which was blue. She was wearing anpair of big, baggy, tan cargoes that 'clinked' with the sound of change innher pocket. Slung over her shoulder was a light blue book bag, looking notntoo weighed down, seeing as it was her first day here. She walked down the hallway with such grace, and it was like time slowedndown for the five boys standing in front of the lockers, watching everynloose strand of her hair wave in the air she was passing through, hernblinking looking like she was batting her eyelashes. The girl noticed all five of them staring at her with a look on her facenand figured if she had their attention already, she might as well ask themnthe question that was on her mind. She headed over, adjusting the strap ofnher bookbag and stopped, standing between Finch and Oz. \"Hey,\" she said, her voice light and kind, but with some attitude. \"Hey.\" All five said back dazedly. She looked at them strangely, butncontinued with her question. \"Um, do you guys know where the guidance office is?\" she asked. Jim was just about to answer when Stifler stepped forward and took thengirl's hand. \"I'm Steve Stifler,\" he said, \"And I think you were sent from heaven.\" Finch rolled his eyes. The girl gave him a strange look again. \"I'm Jessica Hargrove,\" she said, \"And I think you were sent from the landnof bad pick-up lines.\" Oz laughed a bit, Jim and Kevin grinning widely. Stifler looked somewhatnembarrassed and backed up from Jessica, letting go of her hand. \"Obviously, Steven,\" said Finch, stepping forward and taking Jessica'snhand, \"This one's in search of a more mature man.\" And with that he leaned over and kissed her hand. \"Actually,\" said Jessica, \"I'm in search of the guidance office.\" She brought her hand back quickly and wiped the back of her hand on thenside of her pants, and looked over at Oz. \"Do you think you could show me where it is?\" she asked innocently. Oznnodded. \"Yeah,\" he said, \"Ignore these guys, they're strange.\" Jessica smiled a bit. Oz shut his locker and started walking down thenhall, Jessica following beside him. \"Holy shit,\" said Jim, \"She's amazing.\" \"I told you.\" Said Kevin. \"What the fuck are you guys talking about?\" said Stifler, \"What a fuckingnbitch.\" \"Stifler, just because she wouldn't have sex with you in the hallwayndoesn't make her a bitch.\" Said Kevin. \"She's a seductress.\" Said Finch, still watching Jessica and Oz walkingnaway, \"This one will not get away.\" \"What do you mean 'this one'?\" asked Stifler. \"You've never had any chicknin your life ever, have you?\" \"That's not the point, Steven,\" said Finch. \"Stop fucking calling me Steven.\" Said Stifler and turned and walked offndown the hall, passing Vicky and yelling, \"Yo, Vicky, what's new on the dognside of town?\" and then smacking her ass. Vicky glared back at him andnyelled, \"You're a prick, Stifler.\" Kevin smiled as she walked over to him. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Hi,\" she replied and they gave each other a quick kiss. Vicky glanced at Finch, and saw him staring behind her. She looked overnher shoulder and then looked back to Jim and Kevin. \"What's he staring at?\" she asked. \"The new girl.\" Answered Jim. \"We get new kids all the time,\" Vicky said. \"Not ones like her.\" Said Finch, still gazing. \"Who is she?\" asked Vicky. \"She's not important,\" said Kevin, and took Vicky's hand and the too walkedndown the hall. Oz walked with Jessica down a flight of stairs and turned, going through anpair of doors. \"So, where are you from?\" Oz asked. \"I'm from…\" she began, then thought, \"All over, I guess.\" \"Travel a lot?\" Oz asked. \"You could say that, yeah.\" She replied. \"That's cool.\" Oz said, nodding slightly, \"When did you get here?\" \"Um, three days ago.\" She said. \"Ah, so your parents let you stay home to get settled in?\" Oz asked. She nodded. \"Mine are way overprotective, and go postal when I don't follow the rulesnthey set for me…which is about always, but you get the point.\" She said. Oz laughed and grinned over at her. \"Yeah, my parent's don't really give a shit what I do either way,\" he said,n\"As long as it has something to do with sports.\" \"You're into sports?\" she asked. Oz nodded, \"Yeah, I'm on the lacrosse team.\" She smiled. \"That's cool.\" \"I guess.\" Oz shrugged. \"Now, about that Steven guy…\" Jessica said, \"He isn't…you know…mentallynchallenged or anything is he?\" Oz laughed a bit. \"I'll get back to you on that,\" he said, but then shook his head, \"Nah,nhe's not, just a little odd.\" \"Yeah, I gathered that.\" She smirked. They stopped in front of a door that said 'Guidance' and looked at eachnother. \"Well, thanks.\" Jessica said. \"No problem.\" Oz replied, \"So I guess I'll see you around?\" \"Looks like.\" She smiled a bit and turned the doorknob and went inside thendoor. Oz exhaled deeply and walked towards his next class. Jim sat in his science class boredly beside Stifler. His last class of thenday had to end with Stifler. Stifler was writing rude things in textbooksnand then chuckling at them in his own amusement. Jim was suddenly jolted awake by Jessica walking through the door and intonthe classroom. She talked to the teacher for a moment, and then walkednover and sat on the other side of Jim. \"Hey,\" she said, \"Sorry to sit beside you but I don't know anyone in herenand even though you never said anything, you were there so…is it okay if Insit here?\" \"What?\" Jim said, but then snapped out of it, \"I mean, yeah, its fine.\" \"Hey look,\" said Stifler, \"It's the bitch from the black lagoon.\" \"Aw, don't be so embarrassed, Steven,\" Jessica said back, sarcastically shenadded, \"I think you fell from heaven too.\" Stifler grumbled something and looked back to his book of profanities. Jimnactually felt sort of nervous about being in between these two. \"So, uh…\" Jim said, looking at Jessica in an attempt to pick upnconversation, \"I'm Jim.\" Jessica looked back to meet his eyes with her own green ones and smiled. \"Well, you already know my name so its good to meet you.\" She said. \"You too, yes, definitely you too.\" Jim replied. Jessica smiled a bit. \"You know,\" said Jim, \"There's going to be a party at Stifler's tonight.nIf you want to meet new people,\" he thought about that for a second andndidn't really want her meeting new people, \"or just come for fun, ornsomething to do, its always open.\" She nodded. \"Thanks,\" she said, \"I'll try.\" \"Yeah, try real hard,\" said Stifler, \"That way we can even out the dogs andnthe hotties.\" \"Hm, I don't know which side I would be on, but I know which you would benon.\" she said, \"You'd be on the dog's side because I hear you always likento have a… 'bone' in your mouth.\" Stifler glared and said \"Fuck you.\" And then the bell rang, signifying thenend of the day. Jessica stood up quickly, and shoved a book in her book bag. \"So, I'll see you tonight?\" Jim asked hopefully. Jessica looked up fromnher book bag and smiled. \"We'll see, won't we?\" she said and smiled again, \"Good seeing you again,nJim.\" And with that she turned and walked out of the classroom. \"Fuck,\" said Stifler, \"Why the hell would you do that? The little bitch isngonna ruin the party.\" \"I seriously doubt that, Stifler.\" Said Jim, \"I seriously doubt that.\"[Chapter 2] Hey!!! Umm…not too many reviews I notice, but oh well. I still likenwriting this. Lol. Enjoy! LONG CHAPTER ~Jenn~ //////////////////////////////////////n////////////////////////// The evening had gone by and now it was 10:00pm. It was then the doorbellnat the Stifler house rang, again, that night. It was barely heard over thenmusic playing loudly from the living room. Stifler answered the doornwearing a blue Hawaiian shirt and a pair of tan khakis. As he opened it,nhe looked the girl up and down before seeing who it was, thinking she wasnvery do-able. Then he saw who it was. \"Look,\" he said, \"It's Jess. How's the gutter?\" Jess was wearing a pair of baggy tan cargoes and a red and blue strappedntop. Her light brown hair was in a ponytail. She smiled sarcastically. \"Pretty well,\" she said, \"Seeing as my house is actually bigger thannyours.\" \"Bullshit.\" Stifler said. She shrugged, \"You don't have to believe me.\" \"Good, coming in?\" Stifler asked. Jess looked at him strangely at him inviting her in but muttered, \"Thanks.\"nAnd walked in. Stifler looked at her ass when she wasn't watching. \"Hey Jess.\" Said Oz as he came downstairs. She turned and smiled to him, and replied with a \"Hey.\" Stifler glared a bit at Oz. \"Well, you two run upstairs and take my little brother's room.\" He said andnwalked off into the kitchen. Jess raised an eyebrow as he does so, and then looked to Oz. \"What's his deal?\" she asked. Oz shrugged. \"He's usually an asshole, no big deal.\" Oz replied. Jess smiled a bit and nodded. \"You getting a drink?\" Oz asked. Jessica found the question sort of odd,nbut tried not to show it on her face. \"I was…thinking about it?\" she replied. Oz nodded. \"That's cool I guess.\" he said. She raised an eyebrow and laughed a bit,nbut shook her head. \"Um, I'll be right back, okay?\" she said. \"Where you going?\" Oz asked as she walked off a bit, but she turned. \"Exploring.\" She smirked. Oz smiled and walked towards the kitchen for anbeer. Jessica made her way into another room in the house and heard her name fromnbehind. \"Jess,\" said Jim. Jess turned and smiled, seeing Jim and Kevin standing together with beers.nShe walked over to them. \"Hey.\" She smiled to them. \"Lost?\" Jim asked. \"Not anymore.\" She smirked. Kevin laughed a bit, but Jim took it as a come-on. \"Well,\" he said, \"I certainly am here for you.\" Jessica looked at him funny, then looked to Kevin. \"Is he drunk?\" she asked. Kevin laughed. \"Possibly.\" Kevin replied. Jim couldn't help but feel stupid. Kevinnlooked over Jess' shoulder and saw Vicky. \"Vicky, over here.\" Said Kevin. Vicky turned and walked over, giving Kevinna hug and then turned, seeing Jess and her eyes widened. \"Oh my god,\" said Vicky, \"Jess!?\" Jess looked at Vicky and her mouth dropped. \"Vick!?\" she exclaimed. Vicky nodded, squealing slightly and the two girls hugged. \"Holy shit, this is so weird.\" Jessica said. \"I know!\" Vicky said, \"How…why are you here?\" \"I live like, a few blocks away now! I totally forgot you lived here!\" \"What am I missing here?\" Kevin asked. \"Jess and I knew each other from camp for like, 4 years, and we used tonwrite each other until what, first year of highschool?\" Vicky said, lookingnat Jess for confirmation. \"Yeah,\" Jess said, \"I wrote you that note saying I couldn't write that muchncause everything was so hectic.\" \"I still can't believe you're here!\" Vicky exclaimed and hugged Jess again. Jess smiled as they hugged, and then parted from it. \"So you and Kevin are…\" Jess began, waiting for someone to finish hernsentence. \"Going out, yeah.\" Said Vicky quickly. \"Cute.\" Said Jess smiling. The night passed slowly for the guys, having to find other people to talknto because Jessica and Vicky mainly just sat on a couch catching up on oldnrelationships and times at camp. \"Look at them.\" Said Kevin, standing with Oz, Stifler, Finch and Jim, \"Theynhaven't moved all night!\" \"Well they haven't seen each other in a few years, they gotta get tonremember things.\" Said Jim. \"It's 3am! You'd think they'd get tired!\" said Kevin. \"That's the thing about chicks,\" said Stifler, rather drunkenly, \"They canntalk and talk about their feelings, but they really don't care.\" Stifler took a drink of his beer and walked off. Suddenly, Vicky looked upnfrom her seat and glanced around the room, and then at her watch andnmouthed something that looked like 'Holy shit' and got up. She grabbednJess' hand and pulled her over to the boys. \"Kevin, I'm so sorry.\" She said and hugged Kevin. \"It's alright, I hardly noticed.\" Said Kevin, receiving glares from thenother guys. \"Well, I'm gonna take off.\" Said Vicky, looking at Kevin. \"I'll drive you.\" He said. She nodded and waved to the other guys. \"Jess, you coming?\" she asked. \"Nah,\" Jess replied, looking around the room, \"I'm gonna get tanked.\" Jessica and Vicky hugged and exchanged phone numbers and hugged againnbefore Vicky and Kevin actually left. Jessica went the opposite directionnto get 'tanked' and was almost followed by Jim if he hadn't been held backnby Oz. \"What!? I was just going to make sure she didn't drink too much!\" Jim saidnfakely. Oz rolled his eyes at Jim. He knew why he was really going to go. The night passed slowly for the remaining males, even after they hadnstopped drinking. By 4:00am, they decided to leave. They had looked fornJessica everywhere and still were not able to find her. \"She probably just got a ride home sometime.\" Said Finch. They had decidednthat was the case and then left, driving away from Stifler's. \"Funny how we didn't see Stifler a lot tonight either.\" Said Jim as theynleft the parking lot. The next morning, Jess woke up, the sun on her face. She groaned andnrolled over, looking at the alarm clock next to her. It was 9:00am. Shenhad to be at work in an hour and a half. She sighed and moved her legs tontry and wake herself up. She suddenly took a good look around the room; itnwas blue, unlike her room that was not. She could feel her bare legsnagainst the cover over her. She didn't recognise anything until she lookednto her left and then she recognised something she really hadn't wanted to.nShe screamed when she saw Stifler, lying there asleep, naked. Henimmediately woke up and saw her, letting out a petrified yell and fell outnof the bed. \"What the fuck!?\" Jess yelled, watching him. \"Don't look!\" yelled Stifler, who was now full-frontally naked. Jessnimmediately covered her eyes, and at the same time, grabbed a sheet andnwrapped it around herself. Stifler attempted to put on the pair of pantsnhe had so eagerly removed last night as he was trying to remember what hadnhappened. \"Why the hell am I here? Why the…\" Jess started, but suddenly turned, herneyes glaring at Stifler. \"What?\" he asked, zipping up the pants and doing up the button. She walkednover to him. \"Did you slip me something?!\" she yelled. \"What? I wouldn't slip you something!\" he exclaimed. Suddenly the door flew open and in came Stifler's little brother. \"Holy shit!\" he yelled. Jess turned and screamed, covering herself to makensure nothing was showing. \"Get the fuck out you little shit!\" yelled Stifler. \"What's with all the language coming from down…OH DEAR GOD!\" yellednStifler's mom as she headed around the corner to Stifler's room. \"Hey mom.\" Said Stifler, trying his best to put on an innocent smile. \"What is going on here?!\" she exclaimed. \"Hey babe.\" Said Stifler's brother, slipping an arm around Jess's waist.nJess glared and shoved him off, pulling the sheets tighter around her. \"Get the fuck away from her, retard.\" Said Stifler. \"Don't call your brother a retard!\" exclaimed Stifler's mom. \"I'm just gonna go.\" said Jess, grabbing her clothes. \"Oh no you don't,\" Stifler's mom said, going beside the door, looking tonthe younger Stifler sibling, \"Go downstairs, sweetie.\" \"But I wanna watch!\" he protested. \"Go to your room now!\" she said. He grumbled and walked out of the room,nand Stifler's mom looked back to the two. \"Be downstairs in five minutes, both of you.\" She said, and turned andnleft. \"Oh, fuck that.\" Jess said, grabbing her clothes. \"Oh no you're not leaving, I'm going down, you're coming.\" Stifler said.nJess looked at him. \"Turn around.\" She said. \"Fuck you, I don't wanna get back on that bed with you.\" Stifler replied. \"So I can change you shithead!\" Jess yelled. Stifler rolled his eyes andnturned. \"I am not going down to talk to your mother about something that I don'tneven know about.\" She said. \"Well, you're not leaving me alone down there, and if you leave, I amnfucking telling everyone about what happened!\" he said, turning quickly.nHe was totally shocked at what he saw. Jess was wearing a pair of blacknpanties and a black bra, which turned Stifler completely on at how tightnthey were. Under all that baggy clothing, there was a body. \"What the fuck are you staring at!? I said turn around!\" Jess yelled.nStifler nodded and turned again, he didn't turn to face her again until shenspoke. \"I'm leaving now.\" She said as Stifler turned. \"You won't be able to get out past my mom, she's probably standing at thenbottom of the stairs.\" Stifler said. Jessica shrugged as she quickly didnher hair up and walked towards the window. \"I'll get out another way.\" She said, opening the bottom of the window. \"Why don't you stay?\" Stifler suddenly blurted. She looked at himnstrangely. \"Look, I don't know what happened last night, but don't make a big deal outnof it.\" she said, sticking one leg out of the window. She walked acrossnthe roof and climbed down the side of his house. \"I usually don't.\" Stifler said quietly as she made her way across hisnwalkway, pulling the keys to her car from her pocket. It was so sunny out,nand Stifler's eyes hadn't adjusted to it yet, he had to squint. The daynalmost seemed yellow. She unlocked her car door and glanced at him,nraising an eyebrow at why he was still there but shrugged and got into herncar. As she drove away, Stifler wondered why he wanted her to stay.[Chapter 3] Oh my god! So many reviews!!! :) Thanks, you guys! This one may be a bitniffy cause it's like, 5am now, and I've been writing it since about 3am.nBut, thanks a lot!!! Also, if anyone knows how to do Italics on FF.Net, sonyou can write it out so it shows up as italics, tell me in review please!!!n Thanks a bunch!!! :) ____________________________________________________________________________n_______________________________ The weekend passed slowly for everyone except Kevin. Vicky and Jess hadnbeen doing everything together all weekend, leaving no room for him. Henunderstood, but was immediately jealous of Jessica, and became paranoidnabout the two of them becoming lesbians, no matter how hot that seemed. He was sitting in his room in a lawnchair he had brought up from the garagenand put in front of a wall, and was bouncing a ball off of the wall andncatching it. Suddenly, the phone rang. He walked over and picked it upnwith a, \"Hello?\" \"Hey, Kevin? It's Vicky.\" \"Oh, hey Vick!\" he said, trying not to sound too excited. \"You know that new James Bond movie?\" she asked. \"'Die Another Day'? The one we're seeing on Tuesday? Yeah, I can't wait.\"nhe said. \"Well, about that; I sorta saw it with Jess yesterday, you don't mind donyou?\" \"I guess not...\" Kevin said, though he felt as though he had just been cut-nthrough with Oddjob's hat. \"Alright, great. I have to go though cause Jess is on her way over. Talknto you tomorrow at school!\" she said, and then the line went dead. Kevinnsighed and shook his head and hung up the phone. He couldn't believe this.n His girlfriend was being taken away by another girl. On Monday, the guys stood by Jim and Oz's lockers as usual. Finch wasnreciting poetry to himself from a book for an unknown reason. \"And then she says that she and Jess already saw it!\" Kevin explained tonthe guys. \"Did she say if it was good?\" Jim asked curiously. \"No, she was too busy getting off the phone to go and hang out with Jess.\"nKevin replied, \"But I think you're missing the point.\" \"Kevin, they haven't seen each other in years. Just give them a few daysnto catch up, and then it'll be over.\" Oz said, trying to sound reasonable. \"Hello, kiddies.\" said Stifler, walking over to them, \"What's the patheticnconversation this morning?\" \"Just talking about how Vicky hasn't stopped hanging out with Jess allnweekend.\" Kevin said. Stifler's eyes widened. \"Of course not, cause I haven't seen her, so where else would she be? Notnwith me.\" he blurted quickly. The rest of the guys gave him wierd looks.n\"Stop accusing me.\" He added. Vicky and Jess opened up the doors at the end of the hallway. Vicky wasnwearing a purple dress that went to just above her knees and a light, whitenjacket overtop of it. Jess was wearing a tight, white tanktop with a pairnof baggy black cargo pants, and a black and white striped armwarmer on hernleft arm, and for once, her hair was down and it went to her mid-back.nThey were talking to each other, really deep into their conversation, andnalmost walked passed the boys if Kevin hadn't called out to them. \"Oh, sorry, Kevin.\" Vicky said, laughing lightly, and hugging him, \"Didn'tnsee you there.\" \"Hey, Jess,\" said Oz, \"Where'd you go off to on Friday at the party? Wencouldn't find you.\" \"Stop bugging the girl!\" Stifler blurted out. Everyone stopped to look atnhim, but then Jess shook her head, as if dismissing his outburst and lookednat Oz. \"I walked home a bit later.\" she answered, \"Sorry, I hope I didn't keep younguys.\" Oz shook his head, meaning that she didn't, and was about to say somethingnuntil Finch suddenly grabbed Jessica's hand and looked deep into her eyesnas he recited Shakespeare. \"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate: Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, And summer's lease hath all too short a date: Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines, And often is his gold complexion dimm'd; And every fair from fair sometime declines, By chance or nature's changing course untrimm'd; But thy eternal summer shall not fade, Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow'st; Nor shall Death brag thou wander'st in his shade, When in eternal lines to time thou grow'st; So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.\" He then kissed her hand. There was a deathly silence in the group, and itnwould have been completely silent if it weren't for the others in thenhallway. The other's then looked to see Jess's reaction. She was quietnfor a minute, before speaking. \"...I don't get it.\" she said, simply, and that made the rest of themnlaugh, and Jess smiled, \"Thanks though?\" Finch looked at the other's and then sighed, about to say another sonnet,nbut Kevin and Oz were laughing to hard for him to be romantic right now, sonhe simply added. \"Farewell! thou art too dear for my possessing.\" Andnwalked off down the hallway.nJess looked over at the others, and then couldn't help but laugh lightly.n\"I really don't know what the hell he said.\" she added, shaking her head. \"What class do you have first?\" Jim asked her. \"Advanced english.\" she said, rolling her eyes. \"Me too.\" Jim said, \"Fancy that! You and me in the same class! Looks likenfate!\" Jess gave him a sarcastic look and then smiled lightly. \"Ya, that must benit,\" she said, and then took his hand, \"I guess we'll see you guys laternthen.\" She and Jim then walked off down the hallway, Jim sort of in a daze. Therenshe was, now linking her arm with his, walking with him for the entirenschool to see. \"Hey Jess!\" came an excited squeak of a voice. Jess turned her head,nseeing the red-headed Michelle, waving madly with the hand her flute wasnin. \"Oh, hey Michelle!\" she exclaimed, and waved back. She and Jim thenncontinued to English. \"Um, Jess, how do you know her?\" Jim asked. \"Michelle? She was in the office when I first came here, and we got tontalking.\" she said, smiling. \"Well, I think I should warn you...She's in the band, and is known as anvery big geek around here. Actually, she's almost like the super-geek.nShe is their queen.\" Jim explained. \"Well, I think she's nice, and at least she rules over something, what donyou rule over?\" Jess asked, smiling challengingly. \"Good point.\" Jim said, giving in, and then they walked into their Englishnclass. As Vicky and Kevin headed to their next period classes, Kevin looked overnat her. \"You wanna do something tonight?\" he asked. \"Sorry, Kev, Jess and I are going out tonight.\" she replied. \"Out where?\" Kevin asked. \"Just out.\" Vicky answered. \"What is it with you?\" he asked, now sort of angrily. \"Pardon?\" she asked, looking surprised at his tone. \"You and Jess are doing everything together! I got to see you ONCE thisnweekend, and that was it! I know you haven't seen each other in forever,nbut this is ridiculous! Who's relationship do you care more about? Our's,nor your's and Jess's?\" he snapped. \"Well, right about now, I'd pick Jess over you in a second,\" she said,nangrily, \"Way to be understanding, Kevin.\" She then shook her head and walked off down the hall towards her nextnclass. Oz and Stifler were at Lacrosse practice, standing on the field, practisingnpassing, before the coach called for another practice-game. They werenassigned teams and then seperated. Oz and Stifler were standing besideneach other, waiting for the game to begin. \"So, dude, why were you acting so wierd around Jessica this morning?\" Oznasked. \"I wasn't being wierd.\" Stifler said, \"Paranoid about me stealing yournwoman, Ozzy?\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Oz asked. \"I see what you're trying to do, Ozzy, don't think I don't. You probablynjack-off thinking about her.\" Stifler said. \"Stifler, sick!\" Oz exclaimed. \"Well, don't pretend like you don't,\" Stifler said, and then quickly added,n\"It would piss you off if someone you knew fucked her first, wouldn't it?\" \"Shut up, Stifler.\" was all Oz said, shaking his head as the coach blew thenwhistle. Stifler smirked. He wanted to tell Oz now more than ever what had happenednwith him and Jess. But couldn't, because A) Jess would kick his ass, andnB) He didn't want them to know that he had actually fucked someone who henapparently \"hated\". He was suddenly distracted by Jess walking across the field with Vicky andnJim, the wind blowing her hair around as they walked over to the bleachersnto watch the practise. He could almost smell her perfume even though henwas so far away. He watched as she laughed at something Jim had said, andnflipped her hair over her bare shoulders, and thats when he got hit. Right in the side, and he went toppling over, his leg crunching against thenground and making a sickening noise. \"Ah, FUCK!\" Stifler yelled, grabbing at his knee as the rest of the teamncrowded around him. The coach headed over and kneeled down beside him, andnthen pushed a finger hard into the back of his kneecap. \"Does that hurt?\" he asked. \"FUCK! OW! YES! FUCK!\" Stifler yelled, hitting his hand away. \"Looks like he pulled something, better take him to the nurse's office.\"nthe coach said. Oz and Jimmy kneeled down and helped him up, and Stiflernhopped on one foot towards the school. He had been in there for three hours. The nurse kept saying they would getnan ambulance to come and transport him to the hospital, but that had beennan hour and a half ago. He just sat there on the one hospital bed innthere, and looked out the window that gave him a clear view of people'snfeet, because of the lower floor it was on. \"Hey.\" came a familiar voice. Stifler looked up to see Jess standing innthe doorway. \"Came to laugh at me?\" he asked. Jess shook her head and made her waynover, sitting on the edge of the bed. \"What is it?\" she asked, motioning towards his knee. \"Something dislocated.\" Stifler said, shrugging. He stared at the floor.nDid this mean he wouldn't be able to play at the school's next game? Thatnbetter not have been the case. \"Does it hurt?\" she asked, lightly touching the bandage with her indexnfinger. \"Only when someone touches it.\" he said, wincing a bit at the pain. Shenquickly retracted her finger. \"Sorry.\" she said, and then sighed before speaking again, \"Why were you sonwierd this morning?\" \"I wasn't.\" he said. \"Yeah, you were, Vicky was asking me about it all day.\" she said, lookingnat the floor before looking at his face, \"Are you still kind of freakednabout Friday night...and Saturday morning?\" \"No, if I could count the number of times chicks have woken up in bednbeside me...\" he trailed off, and then shrugged and nodded, \"So, maybe Inwasn't expecting it to be you. You weren't expecting it either.\" \"I'll admit to that.\" she said. \"You're not...\" Jess shook her head,n\"Never mind.\" \"No, what?\" Stifler asked. \"...Well, is there a reason to act so wierd?\" she asked. \"If you hate menanyway, why were you acting so wierd?\" Stifler was silent for a moment before saying extremely quietly, \"Maybe Indon't hate you.\" \"Maybe I don't hate you either.\" Jessica added, smiling lightly. Stiflernlooked up at her with a smile, and then she was leaning down, and theirnlips met. They were kissing. The kiss made him remember kissing hernfriday night, except then, she was pulling off her shirt, and his wasnalready off, and they were making their way towards his bed. And then hencouldn't remember anything after that, and he went back to reality, stillnkissing her, their tongues touching lightly, and then she pulled away. \"I should get going back to class, I told Mr. Watts I was just going to thenbathroom.\" she said, and smiled, getting off of the bed, \"See ya.\" She then walked out of the nurse's office, leaving Stifler excited, nervousnand confused. He just stared at where she had been and sighed, running anhand through his hair. This girl was going to be the death of him. ","Summary":" YAYHey, look, another Jess story! Lol. Anywho. This takes place duringnAmerican Pie (the first movi"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Purge and the Rebirth","Author":"sullivanav2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12305968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Purge: The Rebirth After Charlie Roan won president for the United States in 2040, everyone who has been a part of the NFFA and a Purge rebel has been causing chaos in Washington D.C. Cars have been on fire, more people are dying, people are being robbed, basically everything the Purge included. President Roan doesn't seem to notice the burnt cars or dead people, everyone's telling her that people killed themselves and they also burnt their cars. Even Leo Barnes doesn't notice it, even as Charlie's head security. Charlie is really starting to wonder why 10 new people are dead every week in D.C. Is it rage? Is it an accident? Is it… cause people miss the Purge? It couldn't be that reason; how could people MISS the PURGE? That's just a bad way to think about death and another Halloween. One night in Washington D.C, Charlie was writing in her notebook about the recent crime. As she was writing, the TV turned on and the news reporter said, \"Crime percentages are increasing here in D.C. It seems to me that murder is the highest percentage yet. People who have recently lost their loved ones are targeting President Roan. Some are saying that the Purge needs to come back so that they can kill the suspect… even President Roan.\" Charlie gasped and yelled, \"WHAT?!\" Her cry made Leo come to her from downstairs. He entered the room seeing Charlie standing and panicking. Leo asked, \"Are you okay?\" Charlie said, \"No! People are plotting to kill me for murder cases that I didn't do or get involved with! People want-!\" Leo interrupted her, \"Shhh. Calm down, Senator. There's clearly nothing to worry about. No one's going to hurt you and I'll make sure that doesn't happen.\" Charlie walked over to him and whispered, \"People… want… the… Purge.\" Leo said, \"What?\" Charlie said, \"People are killing because they want the Purge! I can't believe they want that crap back! I'm going to make sure no one asks for the Purge.\" Leo smiled and said, \"My first job is to protect you.\" She gave him a confused look and asked, \"What are you smiling about, Leo?\" He let out a laugh and then passionately kissed her. Charlie asked, \"What was that for?\" He replied, \"Maybe it's because I have fallen in love with you.\" She asked smiling, \"You have?\" Leo smiled and nodded. Charlie then kissed him back. He asked, \"What was that for?\" She smiled and said, \"I've been in love with you at first sight. Another reason why I hired you. I'm just so glad that I told you all of this and that you are my head security.\" He said, \"Come on, let's go to the bedroom.\" She asked, \"Oh my god, are you serious?\" Leo replied smiling, \"Oh yeah.\" They both smiled and laughed. Charlie took his hand and they both walked to the bedroom to have sex. 9 months later, Charlie gave birth to a baby girl. Her name ended up being Alexandria Kirra Barnes. Leo and Charlie ended up getting married 4 months before Alexandria's birth. Alexandria looked a lot like Leo, yet had some of Charlie's features. She had blonde hair, brown eyes, and was a smaller baby. At the White House, Charlie was cleaning up her bedroom. Another chief, Brian, said to her, \"President Roan, we have a problem.\" Charlie gave him a confused look and asked, \"What's wrong, chief?\" He sighed and explained, \"NFFA is surrounding the House. They want the Purge back. What should the men say?\" Charlie sighed and ordered, \"Ask them why they want it, then say they aren't getting it!\" Brian nodded and walked to the men by the front door. Charlie groaned angrily, then Alexandria started crying. She ran to her room and saw her crying in Leo's arms. Charlie sighed with relief and he said, \"She hates me! She'll cry when I hold her!\" They both laughed and Charlie took Alexandria from him and she stopped crying. He said, \"Really? I'm her father.\" The couple laughed and kissed. Outside, Brian was talking to the NFFA. Minister Owens, a candidate who lost the election against Charlie, was there to support the group. Brian explained, \"Look, guys. You aren't going to make us bring the Purge back. People follow President Roan's orders and laws and none of them involve bringing back the Purge or having the Purge. So you might as well just leave.\" Minister Owens stepped up his game and said, \"Once I win President someday, the first thing I'll do is bring back the Purge. I will make sure that everyone can release their anger and we people of the NFFA will get our money and our payback. Nothing will stop us.\" Then some of the NFFA loaded their guns, but Minister Owens said, \"Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa, hold your fire boys.\" All of them slowly put their guns down and Owens said, \"Wait till the Purge.\" He smirked and all of them left sticking up their middle fingers and bellowing and yelling loudly. Brian said, \"Yeah right you'll win. She'll kick your ass.\" Later that night, as everyone was asleep in the White House, the NFFA and Minister Owens returned. Once they were 12 feet away from the doors, Owens said, \"Remember, we want the baby. The others will take care of everyone else. Don't kill the president.\" The NFFA quietly broke into the house and Minister Owens and 5 others went to find Alexandria. The other 8 took care of everyone else in the House. While walking around, one of the other men found a room of chiefs watching TV. All 8 of them shot the 6 chiefs to death, which had awakened Brian and two other men. Brian and the men found all of the dead chiefs ad Brian said, \"Oh my god. Who did this?\" The three of the NFFA took out knives and slit the three men's throats till they died. The 8 NFFA members successfully killed almost everyone in the House. Minister Owens and one of the men found Alexandria sleeping in her crib. The other man whispered, \"There's the baby. I'll go get her.\" He slowly walked to Alexandria and said, \"She looks like her dad. Yet her mom.\" Owens angrily whispered, \"Just grab her!\" He grabbed Alexandria and they walked quietly downstairs seeing the 8 members looking through drawers, stealing money and car keys. Owens told them all, \"Enough! We already have our prize.\" They all walked to the baby and they said, \"Awww.\" Owens frowned and whispered, \"Let's go so Roan doesn't know we took the baby.\" Then all of them left the White House, stealing little Alexandria. The next morning, Charlie woke up and said, \"Our baby girl hasn't cried all night. Surprisingly.\" She got up and looked at her sleeping husband. Charlie smiled and said, \"I love you, Leo.\" He was still asleep, and she walked to Alexandria's room. When Charlie opened her daughter's bedroom door, she spotted nothing. She gasped and asked concerned, \"Where is she? Where's Alexandria? Where is she?\" Then she ran downstairs seeing the robbed drawers and 9 dead men. Charlie said, \"Oh my god!\" SHe looked around the House looking for her baby, but she was never found. Charlie then screamed in horror and Leo was awake. He ran to her and saw her crying at the crime scene. He asked worriedly, \"What happened?\" She looked up at him and said behind tears, \"Alexandria has been kidnapped.\" Leo said shockingly, \"What?!\" He was panicking so badly as he ran around the House acting crazy and very worried. When he met up with Charlie again, Leo said, \"This can't be happening! I can't lose another child!\" Charlie looked at his crying face and she cried in his shoulder. Charlie said, \"I can't believe that someone would come here, steal our cars, take our money, kill the chiefs, and kidnap our baby!\" Leo was panting and then he said, \"Oh my god. The NFFA. Minister Owens. They must of done this!\" Then Charlie looked at him and asked, \"What?\" Leo said, \"There's a good chance they did this. There is a freakin' gun from them right there!\" Charlie picked up the gun and threw it across the room. SHe screamed, \"Those idiots! I'll kill them! We have to go look for our baby!\" The couple then ran out of the House to find Alexandria, but they never found her. 14 years later, Alexandria has been living with Minister Owens since the day she was kidnapped. Instead of being a sweet teenager, she is a rebel and a goth. On Election Day, Charlie and Minister Owens were the last two running for President. After all the votes were in, Alexandria came up to Minister Owens and said, \"You'll win, Dad. You'll bring back the Purge so I can see what it's like.\" Owens smiled and kissed her head. Then Charlie walked by Alexandria. She stopped and looked at the 14-year-old who looked just like Leo. Charlie looked closely at her and whispered to herself, \"That's Alexandria! That's her! Oh my god that's her! She looks just like Leo!\" Alexandria kept smiling and walking to the bathroom. Charlie said, \"Look how grown up she is. So beautiful. So… rebellious.\" Leo came up to her and said, \"Owens is getting more votes. He's going to bring back the Purge.\" Charlie smiled and said, \"I found Alexandria.\" Leo asked immediately with a smile, \"What? You did?\" Charlie looked at his smiling face and she said, \"I found our daughter.\" He smiled, \"Oh my god! She's okay! Our daughter is found!\" Charlie laughed as he cheered happily. He then kissed her and Alexandria came up to them. The couple turned around and looked at the teen. Leo said, \"Oh my god. No way.\" Alexandria said, \"You're going to lose, Roan. My dad will win.\" Charlie asked, \"Okay, then. What is your name?\" She groaned, \"Alexandria Kirra Owens. Why do you need to know?\" They both smiled at each other and their heads nodding. Then Alexandria looked closely at Leo and said, \"Why do I look like you?\" Leo gasped and said, \"You tell me.\" She scoffed and walked away. The couple smiled and he said, \"That is definitely our daughter.\" Charlie said, \"Oh yeah. We'll get her back.\" Later that day, people were putting in their votes. Minister Owens told Charlie, \"Well, Roan, this is it. All the votes are to me.\" Charlie said, \"We'll see about that.\" Then all the votes were in and Minister Owens was president. All of his chiefs and the NFFA were celebrating. Minister Owens announced, \"As the President of 2054, my first command is to bring back the Purge, and let us Americans release our anger and hurt. The Purge is now back for 2054!\" Everyone kept cheering and Minister Owens said, \"And for my daughter, Alexandria, she will be experiencing the Purge for the first time.\" Alexandria smiled and everyone cheered for her. 10 minutes later, Alexandria came up to Charlie and Leo and said, \"You're not President, Roan. My dad is. He'll show me what the Purge is like.\" Charlie said, \"Listen, Alexandria. Owens is not your real dad.\" Alexandria scoffed, \"Uh, yeah he is. He raised me my whole life. My mother died because of my birth, Don't tell me he's not my father.\" Charlie was about to cry and she explained, \"Your mother is here! I'm your mother! He's your father!\" Alexandria screamed, \"No you're not! Owens is my father! I looked like my mother!\" Charlie was crying and Leo said, \"Just forget it. If she doesn't believe that we're her parents, she might as well just be Owens's daughter.\" Alexandria said, \"I'm 14-years-old. I know that Owens is my father and I looked like my mother a lot. I don't know why I look like you a lot though, man. I guess some random people just hap-.\" Then a really hot guy walked up to Charlie and Alexandria fell for him, hard. The boy told Charlie, \"I'm really sorry you lost. I always thought you were a good president.\" Alexandria was breathing hard and she said, \"Oh my god, you're the hottest guy I've ever seen.\" The boy smiled and said, \"Thanks. You're very pretty.\" Alexandria smiled and twirled a piece of her hair. Leo said, \"Teenage love.\" Alexandria and the boy both laughed and she asked, \"What's your name?\" The boy replied, \"Ethan. What's yours?\" She smiled and said, \"Alexandria.\" The teens kept smiling at each other. Leo told Charlie, \"We've got to find a way to lure her back into our home. She's our daughter and that boy could bring her home.\" Charlie said, \"I'm pretty sure they've fallen in love with each other. I can't believe our daughter has fallen in love, at 14. She's still too young.\" Leo laughed, \"Charlie, she's a teenager. Teens fall hard at this age.\" The couple watched the teens smiling at each other and Ethan said, \"I've got to go. It was very nice meeting you.\" Alexandria smiled and hugged him very hard. Ethan then left and Minister Owens came up to the girl and said, \"Come on, Alexandria. We've got to set up things at the White House. We'll get the Purge and you'll have so much fun.\" Alexandria smiled and said, \"Okay, Dad. I can't wait to Purge.\" Owens laughed and kissed her head, then left the place. Charlie said, \"He's kissing our daughter. Basically the wrong daughter.\" Leo patted her back and said, \"We'll get her. Don't worry.\" 2 hours before this year's Purge, Alexandria and Owens were getting ready to Purge. Alexandria asked Owens, \"Hey, who is that guy that works with Roan?\" Owens replied, \"That's her head of security, Leo Barnes. They are married, too.\" Alexandria asked, \"Why do I look like him? Like I have his face, his eyes, why?\" Owens stammered, \"W-well mayb-be you j-just happen to l-look like him.\" He laughed nervously and Alexandria said, \"Yeah. They're weird. They kept telling me that they are my parents.\" Owens immediately said, \"You need to stay away from them.\" Him and Alexandria were walking faster on the streets of D.C. Alexandria said, \"Why did you immediately say 'Stay away from them'?\" Owens couldn't answer that question as he ignored her. Alexandria said, \"Dad…?\" Owens smiled at \"his daughter\" and said, \"I'll tell you later. Right now, we need to get ready to Purge.\" The young girl was concerned, but still excited for the Purge. In her head, she thought, \"What if I am their daughter? Did he kidnap me and I just don't know it?\" 10 minutes before the Purge commences, Charlie was getting her room in the White House ready for the Purge. She was looking through some boxes, and found a picture of her, Leo, and Alexandria. She was tearing up when she saw her kid. She told herself, \"Don't worry. We'll get you back.\" Charlie put the picture back and then her chief came in and asked, \"You ready?\" Charlie smiled and said, \"Yes. Tonight, I'm going to kill President Owens because he took my daughter 14 years ago.\" Chief said, \"Okay. 9 minutes.\" She nodded and he left her room. She grabbed a gun out of her drawer and Leo came into her room. He asked, \"What's the gun for?\" Charlie smiled at it and said, \"I'm going to kill the president, and get our daughter back.\" Leo said, \"You can't kill the president. You'll get in major trouble.\" Charlie said, \"I don't care. We just need our daughter back. Plus, no one is exempt from the Purge, which means that Owens will die tonight.\" Leo sighed and walked up to her. \"No matter what it takes, we'll get our daughter tonight. Tonight is the night that we need to survive and let Alexandria grow up with the right parents.\" Charlie nodded and then kissed him. Then their TV came on with the Purge commencement. Charlie said, \"Here we go.\" The commencement said, \"This is not a test. This is your Emergency Broadcast System, announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge, sanctioned by the U.S government. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. And, for the second time since its inception, no one has been granted special immunity from the Purge. No citizen or group will be exempt. Police, fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7am. Blessed be our New Founding Fathers, and America, a nation reborn. May God be with you all.\" Then, the Purge siren went off for 25 seconds. Charlie started laughing and said, \"I can't believe I'm going to Purge! I'm going to kill someone!\" She kept laughing as Leo was staring at her. He said, \"Let's go if you want to Purge. I'm going to help you. Let's try not to die tonight, basically like the Purge 15 years ago. I had to protect-.\" Charlie exclaimed in anger, \"HAD to protect me?! I can't believe you just said that, you idiot!\" Leo said, \"What?! No! I'm saying it as a good thing! Why are you getting so mad at me?! What else was I supposed to say?!\" Charlie said, \"I don't know, but you said-.\" Leo interrupted, \"I don't know either! So don't get so mad at me over something stupid!\" The couple looked at each other in anger and hurt. Then, Charlie smiled and said, \"I'm sorry. I-I guess I was overreacting about something stupid. I'm sorry.\" He smiled and then kissed her. He said, \"It's okay.\" Then the couple started walking outside to search for Alexandria. President Owens and Alexandria were wearing masks of older presidents like George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. They were roaming the streets of Washington D.C with two big rifles. Alexandria said, \"This is great! But, who are we exactly going to kill?\" Owens said, \"Senator Roan. She and her security need to die, so we'll kill them.\" Alexandria froze and said, \"I want to roam around by myself. I'm old enough.\" Owens replied, \"Go.\" Alexandria smiled behind her Abe Lincoln mask, and started walking around all by herself. While walking around, Alexandria saw Purgers riding around on motorcycles with guns and machetes. She looked at them in fear and saw groups of Purgers setting people on fire or hanging them on buildings. She started to cry as she was holding her rifle. She screamed, \"I'm 14 and Purging for the first time! I don't want to die tonight! I'm looking for my dad! President Owens!\" Other Purgers noticed her and started firing at her. She screamed and started running away and firing at them. Eventually the stopped firing and Alexandria stopped running. She started crying and she told herself, \"You're okay. Everything's okay.\" Then she ran into Charlie and Leo. The young girl screamed and said, \"Please don't kill me!\" She noticed who they were and said, \"Oh. It's you.\" Charlie said, \"I don't know who you are.\" Alexandria took off her mask, which showed the prettiest girl Charlie and Leo have ever seen. Alexandria said, \"I need to kill someone, Roan. I… my father is acting weird. He won't say why I look like him.\" Leo said, \"Okay, listen to me. We are out Purging. We are going to kill Owens. He kidnapped you when you were a baby.\" Alexandria said, \"No. You can't kill him. I still don't believe you. Owens is my father, but he's NEVER talked about my mother. I never knew what her name was or what she looked like. The only thing he's mentioned is that she's dead.\" Charlie said, \"Good Lord. He's treating you horrible. We're going to kill him tonight.\" Alexandria shook her head and Leo said, \"You look like me cause I'm your freakin' father! I am your real dad, and your mom is Senator Roan! Eventually you're going to have to believe us! You've been kidnapped all your-!\" Then three NFFA people shot Charlie and Leo in the right shoulder and they collapsed. Alexandria gasped and said, \"Hey!\" She shot all three members in the head. They all collapsed and died. Alexandria said, \"I just killed someone. Three people.\" Leo was groaning from his pain. Alexandria knelt down by him and helped him up. She asked, \"Are you okay?\" Leo nodded and looked at his hand, which Alexandria's smaller hand was holding. He said, \"What small hands you have. First time I've held your hand in years.\" Alexandria smiled a little and then she asked, \"Is Roan okay?\" Leo bent down next to Charlie and said, \"Charlie. Charlie, are you okay?\" Charlie slowly got up and asked, \"Who the heck was that?\" Alexandria replied, \"NFFA. I killed them though.\" Leo said, \"Thank you.\" Alexandria gave him a nod, and he kissed her on the head. Alexandria smiled and then walked away, feeling good. 9 hours remaining in the Purge, Owens was going around searching for Roan and Barnes. He yelled, \"Come out Roan! I know you are out there!\" Then three Purge rebels came up behind him and one of them said, \"President.\" He turned around and asked, \"Who are you?\" Another said, \"We know where Senator Roan is.\" Owens said, \"Take me to her.\" The third one said, \"Plus, three of the NFFA staff are dead. A random girl shot them after they shot Roan and her security.\" Owens said, \"Damn it those stupid idiots! They are still alive! I'm going to kill them!\" The three of them started walking towards where Charlie could be. While walking down Third and Thompson, Alexandria ran into Owens. She screamed then said, \"Oh. Hi, Dad. Sorry.\" Owens asked, \"Alexandria, where's your mask? Did you lose it?\" She replied, \"I-I took it off to itch my face and I got in a… gun battle with Purgers.\" Owens said, \"Okay. We're going to go find Roan. We're going to send her to heaven.\" Alexandria gasped and kept walking with \"her dad\". 5 minutes of looking for Roan, one of the guys said, \"President, Roan is planning to kill you.\" Everyone froze and he asked, \"What?\" Then a militia of Purgers were chasing a pregnant women in a car with chains. She was screaming for help and Owens and the three Purgers ignored her, but Alexandria took her gun and shot the driver. The car swerved towards them and they ran away from the destination, and the car crashed into a building. The woman said, \"Oh, thank you! Thank you so much!\" Then she ran away to her home. Owens explained to Alexandria, \"You're not supposed to save people on the Purge. Only kill and commit crimes for fun.\" Alexandria scoffed, \"You can't tell me what to do. I'm old enough to make my own decisions.\" Owens angrily shouted, \"Alexandria Kirra Barnes, I mean Owens! I can tell you what to do cause I'm your dad!\" Alexandria said, \"Barnes… Barnes… that's Roan's last name and her security's! My last name is Barnes!\" Owens said, \"No it's not! Your last name is Owens! You're my daughter! Roan is too stupid to be a mother!\" Alexandria asked concerned, \"Are Roan… and her security… my parents? Real parents?\" Owens sighed angrily, \"God, stop saying that! They are your parents!\" Alexandria started crying and and she asked, \"What?!\" Owens explained, \"I kidnapped you when you were a newborn and I've been raising you! Charlie Roan and Leo Barnes are your parents!\" Alexandria wailed, \"Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! You jerk! Why would you take me away from my family?! Just to do it?! You have mental issues! I can't believe you would just take me away like that! You don't deserve to be president! My mom does!\" She was crying, harder than ever. Then she tried to run away, but one of the Purgers with Owens shot both of her legs. She collapsed and cried in pain. Owens said, \"You're staying with me. They are going to have to earn you back.\" Alexandria wobbly stood up and groaned every time she bent her knees. Charlie and Leo have not been harmed since those NFFA guys shot them. On the streets of D.C, Charlie's guns were still fully loaded and she said, \"God, I need to find that pig, Owens! He can't be very far.\" Leo nodded and said, \"I'm so glad I was able to kiss Alexandria's head. It felt so good to kiss my daughter since 14 years ago.\" Charlie smiled and said, \"She's so beautiful, Leo. I mean, most teen girls are very beautiful. Most girls look like their dad. She looks just like you, Leo.\" He smiled and said, \"Yeah, she is very pretty. The only thing is that her teeth are crooked really bad. She needs to get braces. Like she would look a whole lot better with little chains in her mouth than crooked teeth. Once we get her back, she'll have a better life.\" Charlie laughed a little, then the couple ran into their old friends Marcos and Laney. Marcos said, \"Oh my god it's the Senator.\" Charlie said, \"Hey guys! Wow, it's been 15 years! How have you been?\" Laney said, \"We're doing pretty good. We fixed up Joe's place a couple of years ago and it looks good.\" Charlie said, \"That's great!\" Marcos asked, \"How have you guys been?\" Leo replied, \"Not so good. After we got married, Senator gave birth to our daughter, Alexandria. Like a month after she was able to come home, President Owens kidnapped her 14 years ago. We found her today and we keep trying to explain to her that we're her parents, but she doesn't believe us. So… yeah.\" Marcos and Laney's jaws dropped and Laney asked, \"How do we not know about this? That's horrible.\" Marcos looked at Laney and Laney looked at Marcos, and they nodded to each other. Marcos said, \"We'll help you guys look for your daughter. Do you plan to do anything else?\" Charlie said, \"I plan to kill the President.\" Laney asked, \"Say what now?\" Leo said, \"She's going to kill the president so we can for sure get our daughter back.\" Laney said, \"Oh. Well, let's get going if you want Alexandria back.\" Then the 4 started roaming around D.C. 6 hours left of the Purge, Alexandria and Owens were still walking around Washington D.C. Owens didn't apologize for Alexandria being shot in both legs and can barely walk. Alexandria groaned, \"This is getting ridiculous. Can I just go home now?\" Owens instantly said, \"No! You're stay with me.\" While walking around, two women were hanging 4 bodies on the branches of a tree. Alexandria saw the scene and said, \"Oh my god. That is weird… yet disgusting.\" Owens laughed at the scene and the two kept walking around. Then two masked Purgers came up behind them and tased them. The two collapsed to the ground painfully. One of the Purgers said in a Russian accent, \"Poluchili ikh. Davayte ikh zabrat'.\" The other one said, \"Eto Prezident! My poluchim v bede?\" The first one replied, \"Net. My iz Rossii I my Biden Okropi!\" Then the two started dragging them across the roads. Leo, Charlie, Marcos, and Laney were still walking around D.C and haven't found neither Owens or Alexandria. Charlie said, \"Okay, this is getting really ridiculous. We've been searching for 2 hours and we still haven't found them.\" Leo took her hand and said, \"Don't worry. We'll find them.\" Marcos asked, \"What does Alexandria look like?\" Leo said, \"Blonde hair, brown eyes, tall. Looks like me.\" Laney said, \"Sounds beautiful.\" Charlie said, \"Oh, trust me. She's very pretty.\" Marcos turned around because he heard a nearby noise, sounding like President Owens. He then saw the two Russians dragging them to the middle of the street. They were speaking Russian and Alexandria was screaming, \"Help! Please help! Please let us go!\" Those words made Marcos say, \"Senator! I believe that is your daughter!\" Both Leo and Charlie instantly looked at him and Charlie asked, \"Where?!\" Marcos pointed the direction and the 4 of them instantly started running towards the two. The first Russian exclaimed, \"My priyekhali v Amerike chtoby ochistit'i ubit! Nikto ne ostanovit nas. My dadim nashu svobodu rost v Amerike!\" The second Russian said, \"Vy budete pomnit' nas.\" The first Russian pulled out a machete and Alexandria said, \"No!\" Then Leo pulled out a handgun and shot the two Russians right before they killed Alexandria and Owens. Alexandria looked up and whispered, \"D-Dad?\" Leo was stunned and he asked smiling, \"What did you call me?\" Alexandria got up and ran to Leo and hugged him, harder than ever. Leo hugged her back and Alexandria started crying while saying, \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't believe you. I'm sorry, Dad.\" She was crying so hard and Leo said, \"I will always forgive you. There should be absolutely no reason for me to be mad at you.\" Alexandria said, \"I love you, Dad.\" Now that made Leo smile more than ever. Owens got up and Charlie said to him, \"Get ready to bleed!\" He pulled out his gun and she pulled out a gun. Owens said, \"You don't need a daughter. She's mine.\" Charlie said, \"No, she's mine and Leo's and we deserve her more than you.\" Owens shot Charlie in the arm and she said, \"Ow!\" She took her gun and shot him in the cheek. He groaned and then started breathing heavily. They both put their guns down and walked towards each other. Leo, Alexandria, Marcos, and Laney said, \"Oh no.\" Owens and Charlie then started fighting each other with their own hands and knives. Suddenly, after 5 minutes of fighting, Alexandria took out a rifle and shot Owens in the head four times. After the third time, he collapsed on his knees and said, \"You fools.\" Then Alexandria fired for the last time. She said, \"He's not taking me home today. I'm going home with the right parents.\" Laney asked, \"Wow, how old are you?\" Alexandria replied, \"I'm 14. Old enough to shoot someone on Purge night.\" Leo smiled at his daughter and then Charlie ran up to her and hugged her harder than anyone else. She said, \"Thank you for killing him. I'm so glad you're with us now. I missed you so much.\" Alexandria replied, \"I'm so sorry for not believing you. I'm sorry for being rude to you on Election Day. I love you so much, Mom.\" Charlie smiled and said, \"I love you, too.\" Marcos said, \"Being away for your whole life must be hard.\" Alexandria nodded and told him, \"Thank you for helping them. I assume you already knew them.\" Laney explained, \"We've known your parents for 15 years. We helped them with the last Purge along with our friend, Joe. He died on the last Purge.\" The announcer went off and said, \"There are 2 hours remaining in this year's Purge.\" Leo asked, \"What could we do? We've already got our daughter back, and Owens is dead.\" Charlie said, \"Well, we could-.\" Then an army of NFFA soldiers started firing and throwing bombs at them. Leo yelled, \"Run!\" The 5 of them started running away with bullets by them. Alexandria started running slower because of the pain in her legs. Eventually she stopped while the others kept running. She was breathing hard and whispered, \"Ow. Ow. Ow.\" Leo then stopped and noticed her in pain. He ran to her and asked, \"What happened?\" Alexandria said, \"Owens shot me in the legs earlier and I can barely move my legs.\" NFFA kept firing and Leo said, \"Listen to me, I'm going to help you, but I need you to go as fast as you can. These guys will fire a lot.\" Alexandria said, \"Let's just shoot them.\" Leo smiled and said, \"That's my girl.\" They both took out their guns and started firing back. Out of 20 people, only 8 have died so far. The two just kept firing for their lives, and eventually after 10 minutes of shooting, all 20 of the members died and neither Leo of Alexandria died. Alexandria said, \"Finally.\" Charlie, Laney, and Marcos started running back to the two and Marcos said, \"They're dead! They're all dead!\" Charlie asked, \"You guys have been shooting this whole time?\" Both Leo and Alexandria nodded and looked back to make sure that the NFFA people were dead. Charlie hugged both Leo and Alexandria and she said, \"I love you guys.\" Alexandria said, \"We love you, too.\" On July 12th, now that the Purge was over, Alexandria has been living in the White House with her parents. Charlie has became president again and the Purge is now officially over forever. Leo has been Charlie's security for 15 years and her husband for 14 years. To him, after losing his son, Nicholas, it felt good to have a daughter and to be a dad again. During the day, there was a knock at the door and Alexandria answered it; it was that cute boy, Ethan. She said, \"Oh, hi Ethan!\" He replied smiling, \"Hi Alexandria. You live here?\" Alexandria replied happily, \"Yes. It turns out that President Roan and her security were my parents. Owens kidnapped me when I was a newborn.\" Ethan's jaw dropped and said, \"Oh my god. I'm glad you found your right parents.\" Alexandria smiled at him and asked, \"So what are you doing here?\" He replied, \"I was here to congratulate your mom on being president, but now I want to see you.\" Alexandria giggled nervously, and Leo and Charlie were watching them. \"What do you want to see me for?\" asked Alexandria. Ethan smiled and asked, \"Do you remember your reaction to me the first time you saw me?\" Alexandria said while laughing, \"Yeah. I was laughing nervously and I said that you were the hottest boy I've ever seen.\" Ethan smiled and said, \"I want to see your reaction to this.\" He walked up to her and kissed her. That made Leo and Charlie smile and Leo whispered to her, \"First kiss at 14. Nice.\" Alexandria's reaction was that she said, \"Whoa. My first kiss was with my crush.\" Ethan said, \"I really like you, Alexandria. I want to see you everyday.\" Alexandria replied smiling, \"Me too. I love you.\" Ethan said, \"Well, too bad that I have to go, but i'll see you tomorrow.\" Alexandria said, \"I'll be here.\" Ethan started walking away, and the two kept waving to each other and then Alexandria closed the door. Charlie said, \"That was so great to watch. Girls' first kiss are very special to them.\" Leo said smiling, \"Yeah, they are. Especially when the boy likes the girl back a he kisses her.\" Then he kissed her and she smiled at his smiling handsome face. Once Alexandria closed the door, she cried happily, \"Yes!\" Then she sat down by the door and smiled. Now that the Purge is over and Alexandria is back with her family, everything will be just fine. THE END ","Summary":" The Purge: The Rebirth After Charlie Roan won president for the United States in 2040, everyone who"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Another Purge Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12188577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Purge Poem The screams in the air At anytime in the night Of the victims of the annual purge All walks of life getting away with murder Night after purge night Walking around outside would surely give you a fright People with scary masks ready to kill you the first chance they get You can run but can't hide because they know where to find you And you'll be sure to die Knives and saw blades cutting into the flesh Taking great pride watching the victim's blood flow to the ground While you laugh the night away ","Summary":" Another Purge Poem The screams in the air At anytime in the night Of the victims of the annual purg"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Squad","Author":"Tando","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11965370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 I lie back in my plush bed. The room is silent save the tapping of my pencil on the notebook resting on my pale legs. On the nightstand beside the bed, a cell phone buzzes, and I put down my notebook to grab the phone. On the lock screen is a monochrome picture of me and some of my school friends, all wearing our school uniforms, all touting machine guns. Superimposed over us is a countdown clock, counting down the seconds until the annual Purge. It's in one week. Punching in my combination, I open up my phone to a text from Marian. \"New package just arrived. Wanna see the swag?\" Before I can respond, the message is followed by a picture of Marian, still in her white button-down shirt and khaki skirt uniform. She's accessorizing with a large black strap with grenades embroidering the front and back. A smaller strap hangs from her shoulder that connects to an assault rifle, and her ensemble is completed with a garter on her left thigh that secures a military-grade knife. \"Nice,\" I reply, feigning interest in her display. She texts back right away, \"Yeah, used the 10G granny gave me for my 18th Bday. Have you picked out what you're going to bring?\" \"I have some things in mind.\" I don't. My bedroom door opens, and I dump my phone onto the nightstand. \"Shouldn't you be doing your homework?\" Mrs. Singleton asks, as I return to my notebook. \"I am doing homework, mom,\" I defend, pulling up my notebook onto my legs so she can't glance it. She puts her hands on her hips, \"Uhuh. Don't come crying to me when the best you can get into is state college.\" I purse my lips as she turns around and shuts the door. I should be doing homework. I look down at my notebook, the page filled with sketches of guns, a city street ablaze, and a profile sketch of...him. \"Now Linda, this is what we do on Purge night,\" Mrs. Singleton places her hand on my shoulder, her cold pearl bracelet searing into my skin. Wooden legs knock against the hardwood floors as a man chokes and stifles through a rag tied around his mouth. It's nighttime, all of the house lights have been turned off, the only light being a flashlight pointed directly at the struggling man. A red laser dot appears around his chest area, and starts circling rapidly around his body. \"Steady your aim, Linda,\" Mr. Singleton orders, even as my hands continue to shake. \"I-...I can't,\" my hands start to lower, the weight of the gun too much to bear. Mr. Singleton lifts the gun back up with his much larger hand. \"Linda, all of your friends have already had their first Purge. You're almost ten years old, it's time you learn these ...what are they going to ask you when you go to school tomorrow?\" I remain quiet, but I know they won't accept my silence for long. \"Linda...what are they going to ask you?\" Mr. Singleton repeats. Swallowing, I mumble, \"Did...did I Purge?\" He takes my hands, guiding the gun so that it aims at the man's chest, \"And what are you going to tell them? Did you Purge?\" Tearing the page out of my notebook, I crumple it up and throw it into the trash bin across the room. I hurl my notebook onto the ground before burying my head into my pillow. Yes, dad, I did Purge. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 I lie back in my plush bed. The room is silent save the tapping of my pencil on the noteb"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: Hunter","Author":"GiullieneChan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11590065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Purge: Hunter Disclaimer: Vagamente inspirado no filme Uma noite de Crime (The Purge em inglês). Fanfic feito sem fins lucrativos. Capítulo único: Todos os anos ele senta em sua varanda. Todo ano desde a promulgação da lei que o governo instituiu o Expurgo. Doze horas em que o povo pode por para fora seus instintos assassinos, e que a lei nada fará para impedir as pessoas cometam assassinatos, por mais cruel que sejam. As pessoas que dispõem de algum dinheiro conseguem comprar os sistemas de proteção para suas casas e manter suas famílias e a si próprios seguros, enquanto a grande maioria da população do país precisa tentar sobreviver a noite mais longa e perigosa de suas vidas. Markus não é diferente da maioria da população. Ele não tem dinheiro e seu maior bem é a sua cabana de caça. Todos os anos ele se recolhe a ela para enfrentar, ao seu modo, o Expurgo. Ele era um velho caçador, bêbado e encrenqueiro. A sua cidade fazia questão de dizer que ele não era bem vindo ali. Mas aquela era sua casa desde que nascera, cresceu ali, foi criado por seu avô naquele lugar. Conhecia cada canto da cabana como a palma de sua calejada mão, cada pedaço da floresta como a si mesmo. Não iria sair dali sem lutar. A única coisa que o deixava tranquilo sobre essa noite era que os seus filhos estavam bem longe, seguros em suas casas. Há dez anos sua filha trocou sua cidade pelo Canadá, não havia o Expurgo lá. E ele sabia que o filho tinha uma casa bem fortificada na cidade vizinha. Todos os anos ele o chamava para se proteger entre seus muros, mas Markus não queria deixar sua casa. E não tinha paciência de passar uma noite sequer com o filho que sempre considerou um covarde. Se havia algo que Markus nunca se orgulhou, e amaldiçoava Deus por isso, foi da esposa ter morrido para colocar no mundo a criatura mais covarde que conhecera em sua vida. Seu próprio filho. Mas isso não importava agora. Ele tinha algo mais imediato há fazer esse ano. Afinal, todos os anos eles tentam matar o velho e rabugento Markus, a quem a cidade inteira parece odiar ou hostilizar. Então ele olha para as árvores e se pergunta quantas vezes eles tentaram em vão. Três? Cinco? As duas primeiras quase não sobreviveu, depois aprendeu a ser mais esperto e menos coração mole. Era sua vida, então não deveria ter pena só porque conhecia aquelas pessoas da missa aos domingos ou dos bingos. O caçador dentro dele estava ansioso por essa noite. Não que matar outras pessoas para se defender não chegasse a ser assustador, ele estava acostumado a isso. O ser humano era capaz de se acostumar a qualquer coisa. O sol começa a se por. Ele observa os animais silvestres começarem a se esconder da noite. Markus chega a perguntar se eles já se acostumaram ao o que acontecia todos os anos ali. Esse ano, a data do Expurgo coincidiu com o Halloween. Por isso esse ano não haveriam crianças fantasiadas pedindo doces ou travessuras pelas casas da sua pequena cidade. Deve ser frustrante para os pequenos. Proibidos de sair nas ruas para não serem mortos por algum psicopata escondido com a máscara de bom moço, devem estar passando uma noite tediosa, alheios à realidade, enquanto os pais armados esperam proteger suas casas e vidas de qualquer ataque. Logo a brincadeira de Halloween mais cruel da história vai acontecer por todo o país. Markus se levanta da cadeira e vai para dentro de casa. Hora de se preparar para a festa. Ele havia passado o dia preparando suas armas, afiando sua faca de caça, colocando tábuas nas janelas para dificultar a entrada de invasores e de trancar as portas. Prepara o seu jantar. Purê de batatas, bife e molho. Vê que a dispensa está vazia e anota que precisa ir à cidade na manhã seguinte para fazer compras. Depois de terminado a refeição, ele amarra um cinto de munição em volta da cintura, e enfia sua pistola e uma faca nele. Agarra sua espingarda e deixa próximo um rifle de caça. Então olhou o relógio. Eram sete horas. O Expurgo começou. O caçador se agita dentro dele, ansioso. A floresta mergulhou na mais completa escuridão. Olhando pela fresta entre as árvores observava, vigiava. Não conseguia ver nada. Será que dessa vez eles haviam mudado de ideia, desistiram de caçar o rabugento Markus? Ele pensava consigo mesmo. Mas essa vã esperança desaparece ao ver algo mover-se rapidamente entre as árvores. Estava certo de que não era um animal. Pode ver que eram pouco mais de dez pessoas, todas com máscaras de monstros do Halloween, todos armados com pistolas, facões ou machados. Markus sorriu. Vieram em maior número esse ano. Ele escuta um estalo alto na frente de sua casa, alguém forçava a porta da frente com chutes potentes. Markus sorri e passa a língua nos lábios já ressacados pela ansiedade. Ele pega e atira contra a porta, não tendo certeza se atingiu ou não o invasor. Ouviu sons, estão tentando derrubar as janelas com os machados que trouxeram, chamavam seu nome tentando assustá-lo. Mas se havia algo que Markus não tinha naquele instante era medo. Ele pega sua espingarda, mirando na cabeça de um dos homens com uma máscara de fantasma e atira. Ele vê a cabeça do invasor explodir e uma mulher grita. O corpo do homem cai no chão com um baque surdo. Markus pragueja ao ver que a espingarda velha não queria disparar mais, pega então seu rifle de caça e se prepara para continuar a defender sua cabana. Os viu correndo de volta para a floresta, mas sabia que se reorganizariam para atacar novamente. Markus sente o coração disparado, excitado com o momento. Houve sons de um motor e amaldiçoa os mascarados ao ver o que acontecia pela fresta na janela. Da pequena estrada de terra que levava até a cidade, surgem luzes de um farol de carro. O som do motor se torna mais alto e se aproxima rapidamente da sua cabana. Markus se afasta rapidamente da janela, momentos antes dela ser atravessada por uma caminhonete. Markus estava caído no chão, ele ouve os gritos de comemoração dos assassinos e um deles, que usava uma máscara de palhaço, tentava sair com dificuldade de dentro do veículo, chutando a porta e os entulhos que dificultavam seus movimentos. O velho caçador percebe que era a sua chance. Se hesitasse, seria morto. Armado com um dos pedaços de madeira que foi uma de suas cadeiras preferidas, Markus desfere um golpe na cabeça do palhaço. O primeiro golpe parece que o deixou atordoado, o segundo o joga contra o chão, o terceiro afunda seu crânio e sangue mancha o piso de madeira. O velho caçador larga a arma improvisada e conta mentalmente. Faltam oito deles e se aproximam da casa armados. Olha ao redor e procura seu rifle, o encontra deixado de uma poltrona a tempo de ver um dos mascarados entrar pela abertura criada pelo Palhaço. Markus atira e o acerta no estômago, ele cai para trás gemendo e é possível perceber que cuspia sangue. Continua atirando e abate mais dois deles, diminuindo para cinco o número de invasores. O caçador vibra com a emoção de abater suas presas. Os demais recuaram novamente. Olhou para o relógio intacto na parede do lado oposto, eram oito horas. Só tinha que aguentar até o amanhecer. Só mais dez horas. Ficou vigiando, esperando eles voltarem. Perdendo até mesmo a noção de quanto tempo havia ficado de vigília. Lançou um breve olhar ao palhaço com a cabeça esmagada na sua sala, e o cutucou com o pé. A curiosidade falou mais alto e retirou a máscara, para ver melhor seu rosto. Mesmo desfigurado pelo golpe que recebera e marcado pelo sangue que cobria seu rosto acabou reconhecendo-o. Era o pastor da igreja de sua cidade. Sabia que o religioso não gostava dele, mas a ponto de se unir a um grupo de psicóticos foi bem curioso para Markus. Será que tinha algo a ver com o fato do Expurgo do ano passado? Markus não havia obrigado o filho do pastor, um viciado em drogas maluco a tentar invadir sua casa e mata-lo em trocar de querer roubá-lo em seguida. O caçador recebeu o garoto com sua faca de caça e abriu um segundo sorriso na garganta dele. Quer dizer que durante um ano, o pastor aguardou essa noite para tentar se vingar? Pensou melhor sobre os primeiros anos do Expurgo naquele lugar. Eram jovens idiotas que vinham tentar mata-lo por pura diversão. Desta vez não foram os gritos dos adolescentes que ouviu à sua porta, e teve a impressão de que o grito da mulher, quando estou à cabeça do primeiro invasor, lhe era familiar. Criou coragem para ir para fora, onde estavam caídos os corpos dos que abateu com a sua espingarda. Retirou as máscaras de seus rostos, reconhecendo-o um deles. Eram os pais dos pivetes idiotas que havia matado ao se defender nos anos anteriores. O homem diante dele era um dentista, os outros conhecia apenas de vista e nem sabia o que faziam para ganhar a vida, o filho idiota dele havia acompanhado um grupo de arruaceiros na primeira noite do Expurgo. Naquela noite quase morreu, se lembrava de bem. Conseguiu matar três deles, fazendo os outros acovardarem e fugirem. O filho caçula daquele dentista morto em seu gramado foi um dos que abateu. Não tinha remorso do que fez, os garotos queriam mesmo mata-lo, apenas se defendeu. \"Por que diabos as pessoas precisavam sair por aí matando os outros apenas porque um presidente cuzão deixou?\"-Markus se perguntava isso durante anos. -Uma maldita vingança! -Markus cuspiu em um dos corpos. –Se tivessem ensinado alguma merda que prestasse pros seus filhos, eles e vocês estariam vivos ainda, seus filhos da puta! Não tenho culpa deles estarem mortos! ELES PEDIRAM POR ISSO! VOCÊS PEDIRAM POR ISSO! EU ESTOU ME DEFENDENDO! Nesse momento percebeu que precisava se preparar para continuar a defender sua casa e sua vida. Pegou um machado caído no chão, que pertencia a um dos homens que matou e foi caminhando para casa. Nesse momento, ouviu um tiro e caiu. Estavam na floresta e atirando nele. Havia lhe atingindo a perna e a dor era muito grande, mesmo assim e se arriscando a levar algum tiro, voltou mancando o mais rápido que conseguiu para dentro, se escondendo atrás do veículo colocado em sua sala. Na confusão que sucedeu não conseguiu ver onde estava seu rifle, tendo a faca de caça e o machado que pegou como únicas armas. -Estou ficando velho... –resmungou ofegante, percebendo que eles se aproximavam ao mesmo tempo em que tentava com um pedaço de tecido que rasgava da manga da camisa, estancar o sangue da perna ferida. Eram cinco, e um deles pelo andar leve era uma mulher. A mesma que havia gritado antes? -Ele matou meu filho e meu marido! Quero a cabeça dele! –dizia a mulher, reconhecendo a voz. Era a esposa do palhaço, isto é, a esposa do pastor. -Cuidado! O velho é perigoso! –outro pedia armado com um facão. Os mascarados entravam na cabana, em lados opostos da caminhonete, sem saberem que a frente deles estava Markus. -Eu paguei vocês e muito para me ajudarem a matar o maldito. –outro dizia armado com um rifle. –E de quebra ajudo vocês a se vingarem! Será que é tão difícil? Sem ele morto, não posso vender essas terras. Markus cerrou os olhos, reconhecendo essa voz. A mão apertou o cabo do machado com força. Saber que até mesmo ele queria sua morte o abalou apenas alguns momentos. Se o queriam morto, não seria tão fácil. O caçador dentro dele não iria se entregar assim. Não sem lutar. Assim que percebeu dois deles aproximando à sua direita segurou o cabo do machado, desferindo um arco e acertando a perna do primeiro que se aproximou. A lâmina decepou carne e osso, e o homem urrou caindo por cima do seu colega, com o sangue jorrando livremente pela ferida aberta. Em seguida armou-se com um pedaço de madeira que havia pertencido a sua mesa de centro, pontiagudo graças ao palhaço que destruíra parte da sua sala. Retirou forças não sabia de onde e ficou em pé, ignorando a dor excruciante do tiro e cravou a estaca no estômago do primeiro homem que se aproximava pela esquerda. O ouviu gorgolejar com o sangue que subiu até a garganta, os olhos arregalados por detrás de uma máscara de fantasma de Halloween. A mulher gritou novamente, armada com um facão investiu contra ele. Markus pegou sua faca de caça, segurou a mão da mulher impedindo-a de desferir o golpe com a arma e enfiou a faca com toda a força no topo da cabeça da esposa do pastor. Ela caiu para trás e Markus pode ver o olhar assustado do homem que havia promovido a caçada a ele esse ano, mesmo usando uma máscara idiota de Frankenstein. Estava assustado demais para engatilhar a arma contra ele, mas lhe deu tempo suficiente para pegar novamente o machado que usara recentemente e ir até os outros homens do outro lado. Um gritava freneticamente de dor, sentindo o sangue esgotar-se pelo ferimento aberto, a poça vermelha se espalhou e destruiu o tapete de Markus, enquanto o outro homem tentava empurrar o colega para longe de si. Quando percebeu o alvo diante deles, agarrado ao machado, ergueu a pistola para atirar. Mas Markus desferiu um golpe mortal com o machado diretamente entre o ombro e o pescoço. O homem cuja perna tinha sido decepada gritou. Markus voltou na direção dele com o machado, desferindo um, dois... Vários golpes e cortando seus corpos e cessando seus gritos. Nesse meio tempo, ele voltou sua atenção ao quinto homem. Ele ainda estava parado, tremulo segurando a arma e apontando-a para Markus. Foi quando ele notou que o mesmo havia molhado as próprias calças. -Alice sabe que está aqui? –Markus perguntou mancando e andando até ele. –Sabe? Bem que avisei a ela que estaria se casando com um bosta. Tomara que o filho que ela espera seja mais homem que você. Se puxar a mãe, será. -N-Não fale da Alice! –ele dizia, começando a gaguejar. -Estive pensando, filho... -Não me chame de filho! –o homem cuspiu, tirando a máscara e tremendo ao segurar a arma apontada para o pai. -... Foi você quem pagou todos aqueles merdas para tentar me matar nos últimos cinco anos? -Houve um silêncio sufocante. –Ah, foi sim... Esperava mesmo me matar, não é? -Eu te odeio! Sempre me humilhando! Sempre me chamando de covarde! Você nunca me amou! Só ama essa cabana idiota! -Tem razão... Eu amo essa cabana. –Markus joga o machado no chão e vai até o filho, ficando frente a frente a ele. –E nunca gostei de você! Markus agarrou a arma de seu filho, ambos lutaram pela posse desta. Houve um tiro e em seguida o silêncio tomou conta do lugar, quebrado apenas com o som de um corpo caindo. Já havia amanhecido há algum tempo. Markus acordou com a luz quente do sol em seu rosto e com o som dos passos do xerife Buddy na sua direção. O homem mascava um chiclete e coçava a careca reluzente pelo suor, segurando o chapéu com a outra mão. Ele ora olhava para Markus, ora olhava para a cabana e para os corpos estirados. -Que noite infernal você teve Markus! –exclamou recolocando o chapéu. –Graças a Deus por causa do Expurgo. Não preciso fazer relatórios sobre isso, só recolher os corpos já dá trabalho suficiente. -Bota infernal nisso, Buddy. -Até o professor da minha filha? –Buddy parecia surpreso com a identidade de alguns deles. –Quem diria que o cara queria ver sangue? -Nunca sabemos quem é quem, Buddy. -Melhor levar você para ver essa perna, Markus. –disse o xerife. –Vou pedir pro meu ajudante vir com um pessoal e recolher a bagunça. Nove desta vez? Puta merda! Tomara que ano que vem não tenha mais essa porcaria de Expurgo aqui! Markus ouvia o tagarelar do xerife sem dar muita atenção. Estava pensando no prejuízo que teria em arrumar toda aquela bagunça. A casa estava um desastre completo, com um veículo que havia atravessado sua parede, móveis destruídos, corpos e sangue espalhados. -Não. Vou ficar aqui até que levem os corpos. –disse Markus. –Não quero seus homens mexendo na minha carne de caça na cozinha. -Você é um teimoso. Markus não respondeu. Não se importava com os homens do xerife tirando os corpos da sua casa, só não queria que mexessem no seu freezer. Ninguém precisava saber que seu filho estava ali, com a cabeça arrebentada pelo tiro. Alice e sua filha não precisavam saber o que ele quis fazer na noite anterior. Teriam que contentar com a história de que foi morto no Expurgo, que devia ter ficado em casa ontem. Viu que uma das cadeiras da varanda ainda estava intacta, sentou nela, sentindo o ar frio do fim de novembro em seu rosto. Fechou os olhos e suspirou imaginando se haveria outra noite como aquela no que vem. Estava ficando velho para isso. Só queria um charuto agora. O caçador dentro dele estava ansioso pelo ano que vem. Fim. ","Summary":" The Purge: Hunter Disclaimer: Vagamente inspirado no filme Uma noite de Crime (The Purge em inglês)"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: Requiem","Author":"MissScaryKitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12251238","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Purge: Daytime I had an hour for lunch and I had forgotten to bring it with me again. This meant I had to change out of my scrubs, race over to the Packing District up the street and grab something before I had to clock back in. Between the Packing District and the hospital was a prestigious private college, Francis Bellamy. However, it was a closed campus so cutting through was tricky. Still, I didn't have the luxury of going around and I was already close to starving. Making up my mind, I pulled my hair from my ponytail, rolled up the sleeves of my white button down and I headed inside. This place was less of a college and more of a country club for the richest sons and daughters in LA. Instead of sweatshirts with silkscreened bold lettering, their campus store sold tailored suit jackets with their schools crest embroidered on them. It wasn't a place you wanted to be caught sneaking around. Thank god I was college age or else I would have stuck out like a sore thumb. Just as I had passed the fountain marking the halfway point I ran, inexplicably, headlong into a tall, dark-haired boy crossing in front of me. \"I'm so sorry!\" I apologized immediately, already knowing I was an outsider there. \"Look where you're going, idiot!\" The student snapped, raring up on me. \"I should call campus police on you for trespassing.\" I was at somewhat of a loss for words, knowing I had no good argument to defend myself. My first instinct was just to get out of there. \"Calm down, Jack, she's with me,\" a friendly voice said from behind me. My entire body stiffened at the feel of a hand on my shoulder as its owner came up to stand alongside me. He looked to be a senior, handsome and clean cut with long swept-back blonde hair and blue eyes- the epitome of the all-American boy. The dark-haired student looked me over skeptically. \"Is she in your group tonight?\" Hearing that, I suddenly did not want this guy's hand on my shoulder. He was a purger. \"No, I'm showing her around campus. She's interested in applying to our law school next year.\" This polite stranger was admirably smooth with his lies, which only made him more threatening. \"Let me guess,\" the one called Jack turned his critical gaze to me. \"You want to be the next Atticus Finch?\" \"Actually, I'm just in it for the money.\" I retorted. The stranger let out a loud laugh, amused by my jab. \"Will I see you tonight?\" Asked Jack, turning his vindictive attentions to the blonde man. \"I mean, I can understand if you don't go out after what happened last year.\" There was an uncomfortable pause between the two. The polite stranger's eyes gave nothing away as an impossibly wide grin spread across his handsome face. \"You never know.\" His answer was a veiled threat. What the hell had I gotten myself wound up in? Clearly, even the rich heckled each other on Purge Night. I had thought they were all in league with one another. Maybe I was wrong about that. \"Well, if I don't see you, have a safe Purge Night.\" Jack said before taking his leave. \"Oh, and good luck with your application.\" He called over his shoulder. Making it known he knew it was all bullshit. \"Nice guy,\" I muttered. \"Thank you for helping me.\" \"No problem, miss. Jack is a pretty rude individual. I was happy to help. I'm Michael Colton.\" The man with two first names, I thought wryly to myself. It was hard to believe he was a killer. I took his offered hand and shook it. He had a firm confident grip that I couldn't match. Somehow, that embarrassed me. \"Lizzy Thorn.\" \"What brings you on campus?\" He asked, interested in my excuse for trespassing. \"I was just cutting through to get lunch in the Packing District.\" I explained. \"I work at the hospital down the street.\" \"Our Lady of Peace?\" He asked. \"Yeah.\" I nodded. \"It's a good facility, my family and I are donors,\" he smiled congenially. \"Tomorrow will be a busy day for you.\" No thanks to you and your friends, I thought. \"Yes, but I only deal with the intake forms.\" \"You're still helping people.\" He assured me. \"Thank you. I'm actually taking classes online so I can get into nursing school.\" I said, not sure why I was telling him this other than the fact I found him extremely attractive. \"No law school then?\" He asked feigning surprise. \"No.\" I smiled. \"Well, I'm sure you'll make an excellent nurse.\" He told her holding out his hand once more. \"It was nice meeting you Miss Thorn. Have a safe night.\" \"You too, Mr. Colton.\" I said, offering a polite grin before heading on my way. Looking back I saw he was staring after me, an amused grin tugging at the corners of his lips. I couldn't have known it then but that polite stranger, Michael Colton, was going to change my life. AN: Read Review Favor Follow! ","Summary":" The Purge: Daytime I had an hour for lunch and I had forgotten to bring it with me again. This mean"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"A Purge Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12127678","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Purge Poem All the guts and absolutely no glory Murderers, Rapists, Child molesters and everything in between Using all types of weapons including tools and power tools To cut you up and dice you up So on one will find you and figure out what they did to you And if they find your body and your killer or killers They won't be able to prove anything since murder was legal for twelve hours So it's quite that simple anything goes when purge day comes ","Summary":" A Purge Poem All the guts and absolutely no glory Murderers, Rapists, Child molesters and everythin"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Monster purge","Author":"Yayabeautii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11009870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi Im Kathryn Gonzalez but u can call me Kandi I'm 17 yrs old and i live with my cousins in a mansion I have a special gift but we get to that later what i wanna tell u is my family. Krash Krush Cancun Kanny and Germany is all my siblings they live in Berlin . Krash is my older brother and he spend his time in prison dont get me wrong he wouldn't been in there if he didn't show people how he crash into a car using a shopping cart. Krush is my baby sister and she looks up to me so i gotta say i was sad when i had to go leave her in Berlin to go be in New york . Cancun is my twin brother and we both are bad to the bone from how we act towards older people. Kanny is my older sister i haven't seen her since i was 3 and by the time i did see her it was too late. Germany is a half brother of mine and he is a solider that helps our country. We all stand at the same height of 5 feet blue eyes and blond hair which me and Krush has change to auburn . My cousins Cebella Kenya Sweet Sugar Reeses Kusher Bones Noah Sinto and Hoppo are now my new family due to consequences . I try to get along with them but it gets harder being what we are. Sorry I never told ya my special gift . Im a monster well a Medusa in this case all of my cousins are Cebella a were jaguar Kenya and Bones is werewolves Sweet and Sugar are were cheetahs Reeses Kusher and Noah are mummies Sinto a mentuar and Hoppo a siren . We got this gift on our 15 birthdays when we were given a special gem that gave us these monster powers but with this came responsibility we didn't know we had. So over the years we had defeated fire bird ,protect the ice kingdom and even put Hitler back in his grave now we face the biggest challenge yet the Monster purge. The Monster purge is just like the regular human purge only different is ours goes on for 48 hours instead of 12. When I first heard of the monster purge I was scared to even go through with it but once I got it over with it had been fun. Our Monster purge involves every monster that can kill any human or other monster in those 48 hours. Now we all had that urge to kill someone u cant even get to i try the purge polite leader to let me be on his team since I was skilled and what he do laugh in my face! so I had no choice but to kill him. Now our Monster purge is happen again and everybody has bolt up their doors Me and my cousins is the only ones out let the monster purge begin. \" This is the Monster broadcast everybody that is not participating in the Monster purge stay in doors for those who are participating I give you all my due respect for your participating in cleansing yourself I bid all my monsters farewell let the howl be with you\" \"What u mean the car wont start !\" Liz yelled at Shane \"I mean it how I said it the car wont start\" Shane sighed at her \"Nobody is going to help us not tonight or for a few hours\" Liz said scared of what is going to come of the Monster purge. All of a sudden Liz hears a screech follow by humming of little children \" One we purge 2 we cleanse 3 monsters feast 4 blood stuck on their teeth 5 their coming 6 run 7 hide until the sun comes 8 their close 9 they hear u breathing 10 your dead why ain't you leaving?\" the children sings but faster . \"Oh no\" Shane screams and tries to start the car . The children sings faster and moves closer \" One we purge 2 we cleanse 3 monsters feast 4 blood stuck on their teeth 5 their coming 6 run 7 hide until the sun comes 8 their close 9 they hear u breathing 10 your dead why ain't you leaving?\". Meanwhile Shane tries starting the car a motorcycle is seen near by watching him its the purgers . The lead purger pulls out his machete and before he gets close to the car he hears a screech he turns just in time to see Sugar in her were cheetah form she snarls at him and turns back to normal. \"What do you think you are doing Reggi ? These are our kills not yours!\" \" But its still our purge and i can kill a pussy cat with my hands tied\" \" We take you up on that offer \" Sweet says glaring . While their going back and forth Kandi notice Shane and Liz are gone \"hey guys where our kills go?\" Kandi ask Sweet and Sugar looks at the car then at the streets growling at Reggi mumbles words between great and deal later they change into their were forms and goes down the street. On the streets during the purge. \" You think we lost them\" Liz ask out of breath \" I sure hope so\" Shane says looking down the streets \" Lose who\" ask a person \" Oh a couple of Monsters and p-\" Shane turns around and sees the last person he wants to see \" K Kandi how you been\" Shane ask earning him a glare from Liz and a raise eyebrow from Kandi \" oh caught your shit Thompson its the Monster purge u didn't think I stay in doors did you\" Kandi ask holding up a machete for them to see \" Kandi we can work this out just please dont kill me\" Shane pleads with his life Kandi sighs putting her machete down \" Shane what is going on who is this bitch\" Liz ask angrily Kandi looks up at her and slices her head clean off her body runs down the street \" Kandi wait\" Shane screams running after her. Kandi keeps on running dodging body parts flying from a monster tussle as she goes by . She runs until she gives up on running looks down the street all she can see is monsters eating civilians and criminals trying to shoot monsters off their friends she sighs happily as she doesn't see Shane. \" Something troubling you Kathryn?\" Hoppo ask sitting in a jacuzzi \" Shane is I just killed his ex or gf or who ever that girl is\" Kandi replies sitting on the floor \" If I'm not crazy and I'm not you still love him enough to not kill him like u did to every one else \" Kandi look up at Hoppo smiling as he can see through her nodding \" Then go get your man before one of the monsters kill him\" Kandi nods running back outside looking around and asking every cousin have they seen Shane which they replied with a no losing hope that she had might lost Shane forever she sees a familiar brown streak she runs towards it. Shane look everywhere for Kandi sighing that he might have lost her he sits down on a bench to his surprise Kandi is running straight for him and tackles him on impact. \"Shane i was looking for you\" Kandi smiles \" I was looking for you too Kan bear i thought i lost you\" Shane replies picking her up grinning kissing her. After he breaks the kiss looks around \" So now what the Monster purge is still going on\" Kandi looks at him sadly nods then hears the siren \"But now its the end of your purge\" Kandi looks up smiling holds his hand walks. 48 hours later Every monster hears the siren which means the Monster purge is over . Kandi sighs and looks to the streets to all of the dead bodies that Monsters alone has killed. Shane appears behind her holds her waist \"come on we gotta get to bed before the purge happens again\" \" Don't forget the monster purge\" Kandi smiles and looks up at him\" yes and the monster purge now come on i wanna cuddle with my gf before this craziness happens again\" Shane replies picking her up bridle style carrying her to bed. Maybe just maybe this Monster purge wasn't so bad after all not all monsters are bad. Wait until the next Monster purge let the howls be with you. ","Summary":" Hi Im Kathryn Gonzalez but u can call me Kandi I'm 17 yrs old and i live with my cousins in a mansi"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Euphoria","Author":"GreenGoldGhost","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10771106","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~PROLOGUE~ It was almost Euphoric. Yeah, that's the right word. The type of word that isn't just said blandly in everyday conversation, but a word that you use to get a certain reaction out of your peers when you bring up a conversation topic, or one that pushes boundaries and might be controversial. You see the glint of recognition in their eyes because the English dictionary did its job in putting a label on a familiar feeling that we all let dance upon our heart from time to time. I nodded subtly to myself. That's it. Sometimes that feeling allows you to be bigger than yourself. Sparking through the core of your inner being, it relinquishes your soul and spits it back out so the cold, bitter truth of an atmosphere doesn't deter you one bit. I genuinely starve for that feeling. Holding the rusty railing that leads to the tunnels splattered with graffiti on the walls, I jump two steps each time to get down faster. I gently tug the forest green beanie to a lower position on my pale forehead. Being a normally reserved occupant in daily activities and situations of day to day life, something is programmed into me to feel physically drained in social situations. Direct eye contact from an audience can turn me into a withering mess, babbling and jumbling sentences until they are barely even comprehensive. I'm ashamed. It's almost as if I'm stringing along my pride behind me, a barely there string dangling in a web at my feet, just waiting to be sheared off with an axe by anyone who wanted to. I realize that my self-esteem is not high, it's so low that it's embarrassing, frankly. I hate the way my voice sounds. The way it shakes in moments when attention is directed towards me. The way I'm a wallflower to the sound of laughter and amusement. The way I can never truly be myself because of the constant need to overanalyze and overthink everything. Fantasies are a different story altogether though. I long to be a leader in my dreams. My voice commanding and powerful. Someone just short of taking control over the way people look at things. A prideful, ambitious, strong figure that you would look for guidance and reason in, a protector in doubt and misery. I snort at my silliness. As I glide across the smooth pavement of the downtown tunnels, the scent of a nearby hotdog stand wafts through the air, invading my nostrils. I walk towards it, hands fishing in my jean pocket for some dollar bills. Being an avid film watcher, my imagination can be dangerous and plant laughable scenarios in my head. I better stop or my parents will begin to question my sanity. But, I need to truly conquer my fear. Perhaps I'm a shell of what I'm truly capable of. The soles of my beaten-up red tennis shoes scrape along a fresh patch of gravel. An orange gleam of the sunset surrounds me in an afterglow. It's going to be dark soon. I quickly quicken my pace, taking view of a man flipping some sausages, burgers and hotdogs alike. The burner hissed sporadically. Nearing the metallic hotdog stand, the man had his back to me, crouching to pick up a package of napkins. Clad in an unusual shirt that I arched my eyebrow at. An upside down cross traveled against the length of his spine. The words \"Hunt!\" scrolled in black letters across his lower back. I frown. Of course.. I notice how eye-catching the little sign above the stand is. Decked out in neon yellow with a red trimming it read \"Fresh for The Purge! Get 'em while their hot.\" Suddenly I felt nauseous. I halted centimeters away from the stand. A cold chill passed through me, and I rubbed viciously at my arms. Could I really be that much of an idiot? I'm so alien to what's happening around me most of the time that I've completely forgotten the most adrenalized death show known to mankind is happening tonight. Christ. Ignoring my gut feeling of hunger that consumed me before, a newfound emotion known as shock has taken its place. The reddish skies of the sunset also seem to spite me, because with this knowledge now in place, the rock the sun was hovering over seems to swallow it in ominious glee. The sky is getting closer and closer to pitch black, so much so that I can no longer see my shadow on the wall of the tunnel. I click my tongue against the roof of my mouth. Right.. This isn't a problem. Now that I ponder about it, There's still an hour left.. Don't panic, there may be a way to make it back to the house if I - ... What. .. Silence. ... I thought I heard- A warm gloved hand roughly grasps my elbow ... ! A choked gasp threatens to spill from my throat Goosebumps spread over my skin. Well, here I am.. Face to face with a white porcelain mask, decorated with disturbing symbols on the front. Expressionless pools of obsidian eyes narrow at me. The skinny wheels of a skateboard they're clutching scrape against my knee. \"Where ya going, kid?\" ","Summary":" ~PROLOGUE~ It was almost Euphoric. Yeah, that's the right word. The type of word that isn't just sa"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"United We Purge","Author":"P.J. Lowry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11032562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Darren never liked his job but at the moment it paid the bills. As much as he wanted to spend all day at home playing games on his Playstation four, he also enjoyed the basics necessities of life such as heat, electricity to power that game console up as well as some food in the fridge to keep him alive. It was the simple things that kept Darren reporting for work at nine in the morning every weekday, ever week. There was also another reason to show up for work: security. Barricades for your door cost money. Guns and ammo were not cheap. On the advice of his mother, he opened a savings account and pooled money into it each year; his annual slush fund for the Purge. The whole reason her mother suggested it was to get extra food, an extra lock or something to keep the door standing. She wanted her son to use it to protect himself in the big city. Out in the country, hardly anyone did anything out there. People have far too much respect for one another to do anything. Every year since he moved to the city, his mother would always ask Darren to come home for the Purge, but Darren was confident that he would be all right. He was always good to his neighbors, he was respectful at work and he even donated time and money to charity. Darren made this effort not just to be nice but collect enough good will to convince everyone that he wasn't worth the effort every year the Purge came around. Darren never went out for the Purge, but whenever he was at work he could tell just by looking around who was going to stay home and who was going to go hunting. People would look at each other differently as the Purge started to crawl up. Things would get a little tense around the office. Women would wear more conservative clothing out of fear that men would get ideas and visit their homes to rape them... or worse. In an act of complete genius, there was one company that offered employees a raise if they chose not to kill any fellow workers. Other bosses and CEOs chose to go on vacation that month. The Purge only occurred in America so a vacation to Canada, The United Kingdom and even Hong Kong wasn't out of the question whenever the Purge came around. When Darren arrived to work, things were a little more tense than usual. He could feel the anger in many people's eyes. It wasn't a good sign to Darren as he kept to himself and made his way to his cubicle. As he sat down at his desk, his friend Ryan was already there and searching the internet for information on something. \"Dude, what the hell is going on?\" Darren quickly asked. \"It's not good.\" Ryan answered, \"There's word going around that there may be layoffs. The second quarter numbers are terrible and now the fat cats are going to trim the fat. A lot of people are worried that some of that fat is going to be trimmed here.\" \"Seriously?\" Darren replied with shock. \"Do they have any idea what month it is?\" \"I know!\" Ryan said as he pointed to his screen. \"The top brass doesn't give a shit. They'll be on a plane to other countries long before that siren goes off.\" \"That's such bullshit.\" Darren said as he sat back in his chair. \"People are going to be super pissed less than a week before the Purge. How smart is that?\" \"Maybe the CEO is hoping we'll take this all out on management.\" Ryan replied, \"Maybe this is their way of cutting that fat from the system.\" At that moment, as if he was aware that someone was talking about him, the manager showed up at their desks. \"Gentlemen.\" \"Mr. Myers.\" Darren replied respectfully. \"Is there something we can help you with?\" \"Yes.\" Mr. Myers replied, \"We are having a meeting at ten o'clock. I'd like you both to attend.\" \"Is that so?\" Darren said as he hopped out of his chair. \"Good news I hope?\" \"I didn't say that.\" Mr. Myers replied. \"Well, that's not going to cut it for me.\" Darren said as he stepped closer to his manager. \"Excuse me?\" his manager said, somewhat shocked. \"What exactly are you saying?\" Darren stepped closer to the point where they were face to face. \"What I'm saying is if you give me or my friend here any bad news... the next time we meet will be next week, after the horn goes off. You get me?\" Mr. Myers didn't know what to say. His eyes even bulged a bit when Darren made the reference to the Purge. He had just threatened to kill his boss. Usually making such threats alone would be grounds for a firing, but firing someone a week before the Purge was also not a very wise thing to do. \"What makes you think I'm even going to be here when that horn goes off?\" Myers then countered. \"I guess I could always visit your Dad at his retirement home.\" Darren suggested, \"Or your brother and his beautiful daughters. Are you going to take all of them out of the country with you?\" Ryan was still sitting at his desk, but his mouth was gapping open. He couldn't believe the words that were coming out of Darren's mouth. In all the time he had known him, Darren had never spoken of the Purge as much as he was doing right now with his boss. Darren didn't even like his job but there he was, threatening to kill someone and his family at the next Purge if Myers and his people even considered letting him go. Mr. Myers composed himself and straightened his tie. \"You know what; you guys can skip this meeting. Get back to work and do us proud!\" \"Thanks Boss, you mind if we also take an extra hour for lunch?\" Darren asked, basically taking a mile instead of an inch. \"I'd like to visit a friend who isn't feeling well.\" \"Of course.\" Mr. Myers replied, \"If you guys are ahead of schedule by lunch, I can't see why not.\" \"Thank you, Sir.\" Darren said as he playfully slapped Mr. Myers on the shoulder. \"I hope you have a great day today!\" As Mr. Myers walked away, Ryan stood up and gave his buddy a mighty high five. \"I can't believe you just did that!\" \"He was totally going to lay us off.\" Darren said as he sat back down. \"Totally!\" Ryan said as he also sat back down at his desk. \"Do you think he's got the balls to lay anyone off at all after that?\" \"I hope not, but at least it won't be us.\" Darren confessed. \"This is a first.\" Ryan confessed, \"Should I be extra nice this year?\" Darren smiled as his friend. \"Let me just say that this year I will not be staying at home and playing video games behind a barricaded door.\" \"Hold on,\" Ryan said couldn't believe what he was hearing. \"Are you actually hunting this year?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Darren replied, feeling rather cocky about it. \"There is a reason why I've been hitting the gym all year. I've lost over sixty pounds and gained a lot of muscle mass. I am pumped, both physically and mentally.\" \"What good any muscle mass do if you're shot in the first five minutes?\" Ryan asked, seriously concerned about the welfare of his bud. \"This year's slush isn't being spent on defense.\" Darren replied. \"I've been hording ammo for the past four months since I decided to go out.\" \"You're serious about this?\" Ryan asked. \"I am.\" Darren replied. \"I'm going hunting with a friend of mine. This is going to be his last purge and I've promised to have his back.\" \"What friend are we talking about?\" Ryan asked. \"Jeremy.\" Darren answered. \"The chemo didn't work. He's got less than six months to live. Since he's going to die anyway, he wants to take as many people with him as he can. He asked me to help him. I owe him one so I said yes.\" \"Holy shit.\" Ryan said in absolute disbelief. \"You're going Rambo on is this year.\" \"I got more than enough guns and ammo for you.\" Darren offered with a grin. \"I could use someone to watch my back too.\" Ryan smiled and couldn't help but consider it. \"What's the plan?\" Darren pulled his chair over to Ryan's desk so they could talk without being overheard. \"Jeremy has a pretty decent plan. He's got a black van that a friend of his has been working on ever since we agreed to hunt. It's heavily armored, the windows are bullet proof but it looks totally harmless on the outside. I'm not even going to show up for work. We're going to use the twelve hours before the sirens setting and up scoping territory. We're going to park near a rather dense suburb about a few hours before the sirens go off and spend the whole night doing smash and grabs in as many houses as we can.\" \"Smash and grabs?\" Ryan asked, somewhat confused. \"We're going to break into a home, and offer these families a choice.\" Darren explained, \"Give us all your jewelry, money and other valuable shit or die.\" \"You guys are going to make a fortune.\" Ryan said as he thought about it. \"Exactly.\" Darren confirmed. \"There are going to be some who try to be heroes or refuse to give us anything, so Jeremy will have plenty of people to off. The best case is we to steal enough money for Jeremy to live his last few months in comfort. Worst case he dies during the purge and doesn't suffer.\" \"Worst case is you die with him.\" Ryan countered. \"Once Jeremy bites it, my plan is to take off with what we have.\" Darren replied, \"Go back to the van and high tail it to somewhere private to count our money.\" \"That sounds interesting.\" Ryan admitted. \"I'm tempted to join you.\" \"I'll give you one more good reason to join me.\" Darren said as he stood up from his desk. \"Hey, Amanda!\" There was a very hot looking red head walking down the hall. She stopped and turned around when she heard her name being called out. \"Hey Darren, how are you today?\" Amanda called back. \"I'm doing great.\" Darren replied, \"How is that new lock I gave you working? Is the place secure for next week?\" \"Thank you so much for that.\" Amanda answered, \"The doors look pretty secure this year. My mom thanks you too. Should be a quiet night.\" \"Yeah, same here.\" Darren said as he waved. \"Have a great day!\" Ryan was once again shocked beyond belief. \"What the fuck was that?\" \"That is your reason to join me.\" Darren said as he sat back down. \"You're going to kill Amanda?\" Ryan asked. \"No, of course not!\" Darren replied, \"Probably just rape her. You know how bad I've wanted to get it on with her. And since she's using my lock...\" \"You have the passcode!\" Ryan finished for him. \"You're going to have no problem getting through the door!\" \"Exactly.\" Darren said as he offered him his hand to shake. \"Are you in?\" Ryan took a deep breath and then shook his friend's hand. \"You bet your ass I am.\" \"Excellent.\" Darren said as he went back to his desk. \"I'll let Jeremy know you're coming along. Give me your shirt size so he can get you a bullet proof vest.\" \"Sweet.\" Ryan replied as he started to look online for some stuff of his own. \"Just try to keep this on the down low.\" Darren repeated. \"The last thing I want is our plan getting out. Okay?\" \"No problem.\" Ryan said as he winked as his bud. \"We are hunting this year!\" \"Fucking right we are.\" Darren said with a wide smile. For the first time since the Purge became a yearly event, he wasn't living in fear. This time he was the beast. He would be the one dishing out the pain. Everyone else will be seeking shelter from him. The thought made Darren feel stronger and even a little powerful. His stare down with Mr. Myers was proof of how confident it made him. With only a week left until the big night, Darren and Ryan kept talk to a minimum as they both made preparations. That year's purge was going to be a night neither of them would ever forget. ","Summary":" Darren never liked his job but at the moment it paid the bills. As much as he wanted to spend all d"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge one-shot","Author":"The Reaper13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10736729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What's up! I have decided to make this one-shot as a preview for a future story. For those who have seen the Purge movie, you know the plot. For those that don't know about it the movie will be explained as the story begins. I'm not going to work on this right away, but I am going to work on it in the future. I for one hated the movie. The idea of an entire country allowing chaos to happen for 12-hours without doing anything about it is stupid. Yeah I know it's fiction, but I still don't like it. I didn't like it. Anyways, I don't own anything from the movie just my OCs. So enjoy the one-shot and let me know what you think of this. The Purge In the year 2022, crime and unemployment rates in the United States reached to a high lows. This is due to the country now governed by the New Founding Fathers of America, who created a holiday that helped lower the population in the country. It's called the Purge, a 12-hour holiday that begins from 7pm to 7am, which allows all crimes to be completely legal. This includes murder, rape, and other illegal activities. During this time all emergency services like calling the police, an ambulance, the fire department, etc. Will be suspended during the Purge and all citizens will be left to be on their own until the morning. Los Angeles, California (12:00am) It has been five hours since the Purge began and already the city is in chaos. Gang members are out hunting for victims to kill, while some are paid by the rich to bring in victims to be brought in to be killed for their amusement. In an undisclosed location the rich are in a large room drinking champagne, while waiting for the next auction to begin. An elderly woman comes out with seven victims being brought out by armed guards. Five of them are women and the other two are men, all young, crying, and scared. The elderly woman begins introducing her guests and begins talking about this being another annual success. Nearby two guards closed the doors locking them, while the guests laughed and enjoyed the evening. One guard brings out a large ice chest and sets it down, while another moves near the elderly woman who begins the bidding. Just as the bidding was about to end, the guard pulls out a handgun and opens fire killing the guards behind the victims killing them. The guard opens the ice chest and pulls out a M134 Minigun and opens fire on the guests who begin to panic. More guards come out, but they are shot down by a sniper on the roof who shoots down the guards hired by the rich people. The guests tried to escape through the doors, but the two guards opened fire on them killing them. Once they were all dead the one that shot the guards behind the victim gives the order to seized fire. The guards that opened fire removed their helmets and approached the victims revealing they weren't working for the rich people. They came to help them as the sniper climbs down and helps take the people to safety. The leader of the group turns towards the elderly woman, who was trying to escape through a backdoor, but finds it to be locked. She noticed the man approaching her, with his gun aimed at her head. \"Why are you doing this?\" she asked. \"The New Founding Fathers made it clear there are to be no heroes during the Purge. You are breaking the rules of the Purge.\" \"That's funny,\" the man said. \"The Purge is supposed to be a holiday where there are no rules.\" \"You think you are changing anything?\" she asked without any fear. \"You are not changing a damn thing. The Purge is happening all around the country and it will continue. You may have saved a few lives, but all over this country more are being killed. You can't stop this and when the New Founding Fathers find you they will kill you.\" \"That's okay,\" said the man as he moves the gun towards her forehead. \"Because I'm going to go find them and then I'll kill them.\" He opens fire killing the woman right in the forehead. The man turns towards his men and they all walk out. They make their way up to the roof where the victims are at. He takes out a flare gun and aims it in the sky, until one of the victims, a woman stopped him. \"Don't!\" she shouted. \"If you do that more will come to try and kill us.\" The man removes the woman's arm from his own. \"Do you know where the rich like the New Founding Fathers are at during the Purge?\" The woman shook her head giving him his answer. \"They are hiding in a bunker, while so many innocent lives are being killed. They claim it's for the good of the country, but in reality they do it for their own sick enjoyment.\" \"How do you know?\" one of the male victims asked. \"How do we know you didn't take part in the Purge before?\" \"None of us did,\" the man replied as he turns towards his men. \"We lost our loved ones while we were overseas because of this damn Purge. We're back now and we are here to put an end to it.\" He then turns towards the woman. \"And we're not alone.\" He fires the flare gun and after half a minute, another flare is fired into the sky, and another, and another until half the city began to be lid up with bright flares. \"Let this be the day that we have declared war on the Purge and by next year we will end it.\" Short yes, not much action I know, and not a lot of violence. Still, I'm sure some of you like how this went and more will be revealed when I begin working on the story in the future. If you like how this went and want to read the full story then leave some reviews, but if you didn't like this then don't leave a nasty or flame review. See you all next time and goodbye! ","Summary":" What's up! I have decided to make this one-shot as a preview for a future story. For those who have"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Masks","Author":"That Girl55","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9723568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Masks, that was one thing Zoe never liked. She held her breath hiding under the bed, her hand clasped over her mouth as if to catch and silence any possible noise she could be making, as the door in front of her opened. A figure stood in the doorway, a well-dressed man with blonde hair and a mask. A mask that looked like a face, a human face plastered with a permanent smile. He had a crest on his suit, but she couldn't quite make out what it was. Her eyes grew wider as he crossed towards the bed, hands poised on the gun, until he was standing directly beside her. One look down and she was toast. To her relief, there was laughing down the hallway as the man lowered his gun, taking one last scan around the room before exiting, shutting the door behind him. It was only then that it hit her; she had seen his face, so he must have seen her's too. So why did he take everyone else, try to kill her family and that stranger too, but not her? Because she was one of them. He saw it in her eyes that she wasn't scared of death, scared of a little purging. She wasn't like the other people in her family, no matter how much she hated to admit it. She had watched her boyfriend die, not feeling anything at all as she went through the motions of a caring, devoted girlfriend. Zoe watched her father die that night too, which sent a flinch of pain through her chest, but only a small one. She watched as she and her whole family were lined up and encircled by people they trusted, people she grew up with. And for the first time that night, she was actually glad to see another living person-the stranger her little brother had let in. After it was all over, the cops had come by and sent the Spanish maids to see to the floor, led the paramedics to the bodies strewn across the house, Zoe went to her room and waited for a sleep that wouldn't come. Sitting up in bed, she found her problem: she didn't feel safe. Deciding to take a once-over of the house (just one more time wouldn't hurt, right?), it was in the front foyer that she stepped on something, something the police missed. The mask of a man, a polite, well-dressed man. A man she had killed no more than twenty-four hours earlier. Zoe always hated masks, the kind facade that people wear every day now, to hide the ugly things they'll do on the night of Purge. Tonight, though, it was she who put on the mask, who played the role of the polite stranger, the well-dressed murderer. When she walked up to the house, though, they had their security system on. It made Zoe laugh, that these people who were so ready to kill her family were still continuing to use the protection her father built on the night of Purge. That was okay though, home team advantage huh? She knew the system, how it worked and where it's weaknesses were. Besides, she had waited a whole year for her revenge, she could wait a little while longer. \"Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Ferrin, i'd like to make a proposition with you.\" Oh yes, revenge would be very, very sweet indeed, because she was one of them all along. ","Summary":" Masks, that was one thing Zoe never liked. She held her breath hiding under the bed, her hand clasp"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Soigné","Author":"lye tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9633449","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I wrote this after I saw the film in theaters but completely forgot it until I found the file by accident on my hard drive. The movie itself wasn't spectacular, but Polite Stranger made it so worthwhile. Soigné \"Tragedy, then, is an imitation of an action that is serious, complete, and of a certain magnitude…through pity and fear effecting the proper purgation of these emotions [ catharsis ].\" —Aristotle, Poetics I 1. Today, like all days, he rises with a clear mind and smiles. He practices the ceremonious act in the mirror, is careful to pull the proper muscles just right. He is diligent in his morning ablutions as he scrubs away the filth of night-froth (there, behind the ears). Screaming in the adjacent room, his mother tries to wake up his sister. After one, two, five, and ten threats, his sister counters with a bloody shriek. At breakfast, his mother, while doling out plump pancakes, kisses his sister on her freckle-grazed cheeks. She grumbles with the unfettered ferocity peculiar to seven-year-olds and jabs viciously into her food to show her contempt. His father is there, seated upon his usual, magnificent, megalomaniacal throne. With fork and paper in position, he dives into the eggs and bacon and the rich, buttery, fluffy goodness. Fat. His father is growing fat. If they weren't so deplorably rich, he'd be ripped apart in seconds. Innards and gizzards, blood and bile, all splashed and spewed across their immaculate floor. And then the maid would have to clean it, and that would involve a hell lot of complaining. Mostly in Spanish, which isn't his forte (and that matters the most). 2. At school, he is consummately bored. The teacher (squat, ugly, balding man) lectures endlessly on differentials and integrals and the differences between the integrities of limits to and from infinity. Half past ten: a bird flies by the window. Black. Maybe a raven or a crow. Lunchtime: Mary and Peter are kissing in the open quad, partially obfuscated by a willow tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First comes— \"Bull's-eye,\" says Mary, cocking her head. The left corner of her mouth rises as she concentrates on her imaginary target. Inhaling, she pulls the trigger and shoots him dead. \"There you are,\" Peter calls. \"Thought you weren't going to show up. Chickened out the last minute.\" He laughs dryly and nervously adjusts his tie. The silk feels like a noose. Beads of sweat coalesce on his brow, dripping down slowly along his fine-carved cheek. The sun shines bright overhead, casting short, stout shadows. He wets his lips and swallows. \"Six o'clock. Don't forget.\" Peter smiles. They won't forget. They live the year for this one night. This single, beautiful night. 3. He watches as his house transforms into a fortress. His father fastidiously reviews the security screens and finalizes the details with the agency over the phone. His mother pours another finger's worth of brandy, sighing as she sinks into the plush leather. His sister has already been tucked into bed and will sleep the hours away, cocooned and warm. And so, with giddiness rising, churning, he prepares for the slaughter. Tick-tick, the clock nears the dot. ","Summary":" A/N: I wrote this after I saw the film in theaters but completely forgot it until I found the file "},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"God Hates Us","Author":"Daddy's Little Rabbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10512412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] God Hates Us ~Prologue~ This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S. Government. Weapons of class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during the Purge. All other weapons are restricted. Government officials of ranking 10 have been granted immunity from the Purge and shall not be harmed. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning until 7 A . M ., when The Purge concludes. Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a nation reborn. May God be with you all. ~ The house was silent, excluding the sound of the clocks ticking. Only four people occupied the house. And those four were currently sitting in the living room, the broadcast going off quietly on the radio. The girl was sitting hunched over, her elbows resting on her knees as she chuckled quietly. \"God hates us,\" she finally spoke, standing up in the dark house. \"He doesn't care whether we live or die tonight! One of us could be killed, and he wouldn't give a fuck!\" \"Jennifer, stop,\" Said female turned to face her white-haired friend, their hazel eyes locking onto each other in the shadows. \"We're all going to be okay tonight. Providing all of us stick to the shadows.\" \"C'mon! We've done this... what, four times already?\" The tallest chimed in, a proud smile on his face. \"We know what to do, and we're going to make it out alive without a scratch!\" \"Yeah! What he said!\" The siren soon went off, signaling the start. Jennifer just looked back at her friend. \"Aight! Who's going with who?\" she asked in a hushed tone, slowly walking towards the door. \"Snowfoot goes with Kichirou, and I go with you?\" suggested the tallest. With a nod, the four broke off into their pairs after wishing each other the best of luck, and saying a last goodbye if needed. \"Hey, Alex! Take good care of my Jenn!\" Snowfoot, the white-haired boy, hissed to his tall friend. He just gave him a thumbs up, a smile on his face. He looked back at the girl, seeing her mask was already on, along with her hood flipped up. \"Already done?\" he asked with a light chuckle. \"You're getting faster!\" \"It's not too hard,\" she replied, tugging gently at his own hood. \"You putting yours on?\" \"Yeah. Just give me a second!\" He pulled out the white and black mask he hid in his hoodie's pocket, easily slipping it on before pulling his hood up. He smiled down at the girl when she nodded in approval. They made their way to the closet fence, Jennifer being the first to climb up it and jumping onto the roof nearby. Alex was close behind, making sure she didn't fall. \"So, where to first?\" he asked, looking at the dark city. He could feel a strange feeling in the pit of his stomach. Just the thought of them being killed tonight for no reason at the hands of the most innocent person. But then again, no one was innocent tonight. Were they? No. Definitely not. Especially Jennifer. He looked down at said girl, seeing her nod. \"Alright. We just go straight, make a right, two lefts, then there's the pharmacy,\" she muttered, though it was loud enough for him to hear. She turned, looking up at him. \"Kill anyone that gets in our way. Stop for no one, and feel no mercy.\" \"Night of the Purge,\" he replied, pulling her into a hug. \"Everyone's a target tonight. Be careful.\" \"Alex, I don't need to be careful,\" she giggled, pulling away from him, running towards the next close house. \"I'm too fabulous for carefulness!\" ","Summary":" God Hates Us ~Prologue~ This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the "},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Rise of the Stranger","Author":"zaraerivia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9838083","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"We'll be safe.\" I murmered into my wife's hair, holding her close. She shook against me, obviously not believing me. I sighed, checking my gun again. I knew how many bullets there were, I'd checked it fifty times. The pack of ammo sat against my hip as I leaned out to look down the hall once more. Our whole family, packed into one small closet. This damned Purge, why had the government even unleashed such an unholy abomination upon us? Just as I was preparing to tell my wife it seemed clear, a hand reached past me, grabbing her by the hair. She let out a loud screech as they dragged her out, followed by two quick gunshots, and silence. It took less than a minute for our children to piece it together, and they in turn began to voice their protest. More shots, more silence. I hadn't even processed what was happening until now. Suddenly, my mind caught up with me. Opening my eyes, I found only one member of my family still alive. My only son stared back at me, frightened and panicked. I tried to tell him it would be okay, but before I could command my mouth to form the words, they were dragging us out of the closet, and tossing us on the floor. A knife clattered into my view, and I began to wonder why they'd arm me if they wanted to kill me. \"Make it fast.\" I said, not even reaching for the blade that sat so readily next to me. The one who I suppose could pass as their leader, a man around my own age, shook his head slowly, with a grin. \"No. You're going to kill your own kin now.\" He told me, kicking the knife closer. His words churn in my brain. Why would I do that? What would possess me to kill my son? A laugh escapes my throat, the first of what I didn't realize would become many. The knife was thrust into my hand. \"Why would I kill my own son?\" I ask him. \"Because if you don't, we will. And if we do, I can promise it will hurt a lot more.\" He informs me, pulling my hand towards my son. Through all of this, my son was staring at me in a mixture of fear and confusion. I knew the man's words were true. \"He's only a little boy!\" I say. \"What did we do to deserve this?\" His grin spreads. \"You're poor. That's all.\" He states as he takes my hand, plunging it into my son's stomach. I realize that there's no hope left, it's become a kill or be killed situation. My sons bleeding form whimpers my name, and it's all I can do to not rush him to a hospital. Not that I'd be able to get help anyway, not till 7 am. I'm forced to sit here, cradling my son's form as he chokes and gasps painfully. It's too much for a father to bear. I take the knife and... Stab it into his heart. Within moments my son stops fighting and slips into cold death, bleak and black. Our daughters, twins, lay slumped against one another. My wife is a crumpled bloody form. But I can't cry. For some reason, the liquid refuses me. I look up at the man, now grinning even wider, and all I can ask is \"What now?\" I end my story, having lost some of the details over the past couple years, but the children are still just as enthralled. We prepare them for the Purge by telling them about our first Purges, how they went, who we killed, ect. It's a tradition for our community. I'm now remarried, the strongest female member of their group is my new wife. A beautiful blonde with an edge for killing. She loves machetes, has an affinity for blades actually. Prefers them to guns because, as she puts it, they're slower and more methodical. You can create terror and pain easier than with a gun. She's told me, on more than one occasion to \"Imagine walking towards someone whose tied up with no chance to escape. You drag the blade slowly across their skin, knowing they'll scream. And they do, and you just love it.\". Every time she brings up her favorite way of killing, I get more and more excited. March 22nd has become our favorite holiday. This year is to be no different. We've been watching a homeless guy, seemingly unarmed but that's okay. We just wish to rid the world of the filth dragging our nation down. Blessed be America! We prepare a meal, dinner is early tonight. Nice juicy steaks and wine. Premium cuts of meat and the finest red we could find, of course. After the meal we all begin our preparations. Women dress in their white gowns, men in whatever they wish to wear. I pull on a boarding school uniform, picking up my mask as a last touch. \"Is everyone ready?\" I call out, looking at the eager faces. Everyone has their weapons sharpened or loaded, hilted and ready. I stand at the door, smiling. It's time. \"We have ten minutes until the siren. Get into position, be ready to attack.\" I tell them. They nod, and we head out. Surrounding him was easy. Billy, the youngest of our group, was to kill him. The only member of our group who had yet to kill during the Purge, it was important that he got this honour. Yet we weren't ready for the next events. That seemingly unarmed homeless man was prepared. He rushed out, stabbing Billy straight through the throat. The shock stuck with us all as he ran, only being hit by a couple of hand to hand attacks. One of our women grabbed him and managed to slam his face into the wall, busting open his cheek. Crimson blood dripped forth, a reminder of the Purge's beauty. He broke her hold on him and ran, tearing off down the street. \"After him.\" I barely had to command. We all began our persuit, through the gated community of rich folk. I breathed a deep breath, calmed by the beautiful houses and, I'm assuming, as equally beautiful people. How could rich folk such as this be anything less? Time passed, and we lost our target. \"Where did he go...\" I say more to myself than anyone else. Apon reaching a... Party? We are informed that their neighbors, the Sandins' are giving him sanction. They can't explain why, nor can we. We've arrived at the Sandin home to ask for our target back. We give them an hour to return him to us or we'll be forced to come in for him. I think it's a generous offer. Half an hour later I call mister Sandin out to his door for a chat. He hasn't returned the swine. My words convince him, however, that he needs to. He goes to get him. Our equipment arrived, they're out of time. I'm angry, I had such high hopes for them. We'll be in their house in a moment. I'll say a farewell to the sweet Sandin family. We're in the house. Gunshots are ringing everywhere. What a beautiful sound! As I sneak around a corner, I hear a struggle. I'm forced to merely watch while mister Sandin kills the two teenagers we had with us. They were so promising too... My wife gets in the mix, and gets killed as well. As he rounds the corner, I stab him through his kidney. He slumps against his pool table, giving me a moment to talk to him about the swine whose life he gave his own for. A kiss apon his brow, pulling my knife from him, and I'm off. Now to kill his family. It takes time but I eventually find them huddled together. Except, where's the girl? I load my gun, aiming it for the wife's face first, when suddenly- Bullets riddle me, the teenager is unloading a full clip. I feel my life fading. Wonder if this was how my children felt... ","Summary":" \"We'll be safe.\" I murmered into my wife's hair, holding her close. She shook against me, obvious"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: What Goes Around","Author":"Kstar2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10590726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was almost time. In less than thirty minutes, the annual purge would commence. I was fidgeting to load my guns and pack my backpack in case my family and and I had to get out of Dodge. In previous years, this would be the time where I gathered my weapons of choice, dress myself in black sweats, boots and my bulletproof vest for anyone who had the guts to challenge me. I'd pin back my signature auburn locks from my face and alter the color with temporary hair dye I got from the party store. In the unlikely event that my prey would escape, I didn't need them identifying me. That would make for very uncomfortable block parties in the years to come. To top it all off, would be a black baseball cap with red letters that read: HOTHEAD. I'd retrieved from my very first victim 6 purges ago. I liked to think of it as one my good lock charms. Back then, I was new to purging. A convert, you might say. I'd heard about it for years and all the good it did for America. I was 17 years old the first time I participated. In the years prior, I'd snuggle up with my mom, dad and sister and watch the live feed of purgers on the news. My dad was a retired Army vet who had designed and built our house from the ground up. No one could penetrate our security system. No one ever tried. I never had any interest in purging myself, however. The entire premise of it was to relieve our pent up aggression on this day in order to live in peace the rest of the year. I was a 16 year old girl with a great family and awesome friends. I had no pent up aggression. My father was murdered the day before my 17th birthday. It was a senseless killing all because he rear-ended a car. The man whose car he hit shot my father before he could even get a word out. That was the day that everything changed for me. I didn't know how to process my feelings. What started out as denial transistioned into soul shattering acceptance. Grief soon followed and I wallowed in own self pity for what seemed like months. I almost allowed it consume me entirely. Soon after, it was anger's turn to take over me; no, vengeance is a better word. I wanted revenge but I couldn't take it out on my dad's killer. He fled the scene and hadn't been caught. But,I knew just where I may get it. The annual Purge was coming soon. It would be exactly three months after my father's murder. In the weeks leading up to it, I did extensive reasearch. I searched the databases of all of the victims of past purges and the methods in which each were killed. I found the best weapons to use and the best places to hunt. The desire to kill anything- anyone welled up inside of me more and more each day. I reviewed countless hours of footage from past purges and religiously started following an anonymous blog ran by professional purgers. I learned that the purge would be more rewarding if I took souvenirs from my victims. I found out the optimal attire to wear ito increase speed in case an extended pursuit was neccesary. Some just couldn't come to grips with what must occur. It didn't bother me though. The chase was part of the fun. I was 5\"11 even without heels on and could run a mile in under three minutes. Sometimes, I'd slow up so they'd think they had gotten away and disappear into the shadows. Then, when they stopped to catch their breath, I'd creep up behind them in the darkened ally and attack. However, nothing was more satisfying than my very first purge as a participant. It was four in the afternoon and my mom was in a presciption drug induced high and didn't even notice that I had been preparing to leave. For about a year after my dad's death, I had neither a father or mother. His untimely passing completely sucked the life out of her. As her depression set in, it became debilitating. She became hooked on anti-depressants and was fired from her job. Luckily, our family was able to live off of the benefits we recieved from my father's service in the army. Looking at the hollow shell of a person my mom had become added even more fuel to my need to purge. I made sure my younger sisters knew how to operate the security system and locate the guns if by chance our house was attacked. \"Lauren, where are you goin?\" Lena asked innocently. \"I'm gonna spend the purge with a friend.\" I lied. The look in her eyes told me that she was aware but couldn't bare to say the words out loud. She had noticed the change in me. The past couple months, I had quit the track team at school and was home late every no longer had our weekly sleepovers in my room where she told me all the things a fourteen year old couldn't tell their mom. One night, I found her in my room with my laptop looking through my browser history. I'm certain that she came across my multiple visits to the Purger's blog but she never mentioned it. I kissed her on her forehead and grabbed my phone. \"Take care of mom Lena. Stay here in the Security room and as soon as I leave, lock down the house. You don't open up the house for ANYONE until morning. Do you understand?\" \"Not even for you?\" She said as she looked down at the floor, her long brown hair covering her eyes from my view. I knew the implications of what she had just said. What she really mean was, \"not even if you're out there running for your life?\" \"Not even for me.\" I replied. I didn't wait for her reaction because I knew it might make me change my mind. I turned to exit the room and as I made it to the front door, I only heard, \"I love you Lauren.\" \"Lock down the house now.\" I replied coldly. I was almost to my destination fifteen minutes till the Purge's official start and it was getting dark. I didn't have any experience as of yet. All I had to rely on was my research and my dad's genes that were passed on to me. I was quick on my feet and good under pressure. I had mapped out the route from my house and location I planned to stake out waiting for my chance to strike. I had traveled it several times in days leading up to the purge. Three times during the day, and three times in the black of night. It was incredibly hard to see even ten feet in front of me at night attributable to lack of street lights. I estimated that I had traveled about fifteen miles using an abandoned liquor store as my halfway point and possible shelter if things when left. That was the \"bad\" side of town that my mom had warned me to stay away from. It ran rampant with rapists and drug dealers. The police presence in this part of town was nearly non existant. There were many abandoned houses along the path. Other than the occasional homeless person, there didn't seem to be any activity within them. There were, however, many people usually outside standing on the street all changed on the evening of the purge, just as the anonymous blogger had warned about. There wasn't a soul in sight. But, that's when I was at my most vurnerable. If there were other purgers nearby, I would be the only target. I checked my phone as I reached my destination of a back alley behind the town's community center. 6:59. The smell was abosolutelyrepuslsive. I was sure to conceal the light from the phone just in case someone had trailed me behind the large dumster. In less than one minute, I could legally murder anyone of my choosing. I hadn't realized I was sweating profusely until my eyes began to burn from the sweat invading them. I had to cover my ears as the sirens blared. They were louder than I ever remembered from the confines of my home. There was no going back now. All I had to do was wait. An hour passed and the daylight had been nearly extinguished by the darkness. In the distance, I heard the faint screams of what sounded like a teen girl who had been caught out too late. \"No Please Don't!\" were the last words I heard from her before I heard the gunshot.\" \" That could've easily been Lena.\" The thought made me sick to my stomach and I immediately began to vomit. It was strange because the Purge had been long established before I was born. They started us out at a young age reviewing footage of gruesome killings so that we could buildup our tolerance. Experiencing it a hundred yards away, however, was a different story. As I wiped any residuals from my mouth, I thought I saw a dark figure quickly approaching me from the street. Whoever it was wasn't running exactly, more like power walking. I crouched down and drew my gun. My heart began to pound within my chest and my hands were shaking. I had never killed anyone before. .But, I had come too far to chicken out now. I peeked out from behind the dumpster and the shadow quickly morphed into the silhouette of an elderly homeless woman. The look of terror on her face was enough to make me drop my gun. The sound of metal hitting the concrete must have startled her because she stopped dead in her tracks. Thankfully, I hadn't taken the safety off. \"She went this way!\" A husky voice called out from the street. Whoever was chasing her, must have been more terrifying than what could've possibly been behind the dumpster because the sound of his voice got her moving again. As she was about to come face to face with me, her assailants spotted her and began to run towards the back of the alley where we were. There were two large men, presumably caucausian. I couldn't quite make out facial features but they appeared to be middle aged. One was holding a baseball bat and the other a crowbar. \"Quick! Over Here!\" I said as I stepped in front of the old woman gun drawn and fully loaded. She didn't hesitate to do as I'd said. I don't know if she thought I was helping her or just didn't wanna be shot. Apparently, they didn't see my gun because all I heard was, \"Gene, there's two of them. Come on!\" I didn't hesitate to shoot. The force of the gun almost knocked me over. Man number one down. Next, was Gene's turn. Seeing his partner shot down caused him to turn and run. This was when my love of watching my victims run began. The sight of that low life ,willing to kill an old lady, barreling down the ally was a sight to see. Just moments before, he was asserting his perceived dominance on two women whom he assumed were defenseless. I suddenly remembered why I was here - to avenge my fathers death. But, now my purpose had become clearer. I wasn't a monster who could prey on the old and feeble. That wasn't who I was and certainly not who I wanted to become. My prey of choice would be the predators, my fellow purgers. \"Stay here out of sight,\" I said to the elderly woman who was too stunned to speak. She nodded her head in aggreement.\"I'll be back for you.\" As I made sure she was concealed from any possible danger, I took off down the alley. Gene's size and age had significantly took a toll on his speed. I was right on him within a few strides. He must have heard me approaching, because he sped up slighlty. He must have topped two miles an hour. \"Good grief,\" I thought. As much as I was enjoying the view, Gene cut our little race short by trying cause a scene. \"HELP! SOMEBODY HE-!\" He hit the ground before could finish his sentence. This time the gun didn't overpower me because I was prepared. I dropped the gun, completely ignoring the the rules of the Purgers's blog. I walked over to Gene who had been shot through the chest. He was gasping for air and flailing his arms as if that were gonna help. I kneeled down beside him and patted his beer belly. \"Having fun?\" I chuckled. He looked up at me unable to speak still trying to breath. Blood was gushing from his gunshot wound and he would be dead within minutes but I had to get back to the elderly woman and didn't need him there drawing attention to us. I took my pocket knife from my bra and plunged it deep into his neck. The adrenaline flowing through my body made me feel like I could fly if I needed to. As I stood to leave, I noticed he had been wearing a baseball cap with bright read letters that read: HOTHEAD. I couldn't think of a more appropriate souvenirs for the occasion. I definitely wasn't interested in his raggedy tennis shows or his blood soaked button down. As I put it on and turned to leave, I was face to face with an unfamiliar man. \"My, what do we have hear?\" The strange man asked condescendingly.\"Did I just watch a beautiful young girl kill a man without any hesitaton?\" He had my gun that I had thrown on the ground pointed at me. \" Shoot, \" I thought. \" I'm screwed .\" \"He tried to kill me first\" I asserted. All I had in my defense was my pocket knife. \"Ahh well, there does seem to be a lot of that on the menu tonight. Killings, arson, and rape of course.\" he said with a sly grin. He inched towards me while still pointing the gun. I could then see that he was only slightly older than myself, 20 maybe 21. He was overdressed for the occasion wearing dress pants and a white button down shirt. He was what most girls would consider attactive, but considering the events, he was just another man I knew I'd have to kill. \"Yeah,\" I said as I took a step backwards almost stumbling. My legs were unstable and I had to really concentrate to stay upright. \"Can I ask you a question?\" He asked flatly \"You're the one with gun.\" I answered \"Ahh, you're fiesty,\" he laughed, \"I think I'll enjoy this\" \"Enjoy what?\" \"As I said before, tonight has an abundance arsons, home invasions and murders. Many people forget that ALL crime is legal tonight.\" \"So what, you're gonna rape me?\" I was contemplating lunging for the gun, but wasn't sure what the outcome would be. He must have seen that my eyes hadn't left the gun in an entire minute. \"You'll be dead before you can take a step if that's what you're thinking.\" He barked, his voice considerably lower than before. Bang! The sound of a gun startled me to no end. Had I been shot? No sooner than the thought crossed my mind was the gunman on the ground. I let out a sigh of relief and then soon realized that the danger may not be over. Whose to say whoever killed him wouldn't come for me next? As I prepared to run, a dark figure emerged from the shadows. It was the elderly woman whose life I had saved. She had just returned the favor. He hands were still shaking by the time I had reached her. \"Thank you so much! Where did you get the gun?\" I asked as I slowly took the loaded gun from her frail hands. \"It was in your backpack you left behind the dumpster. When you didn't come back, I figured you must have been in trouble. I looked for a weapon and found this gun in your backpack.\" I palmed my forehead in disbelief. \" I completely forgot about my backpack. Thanks again.\" \"It was my duty. After you saved me, it was the least I could do. I didn't catch your name. \" \"Lauren, \" I replied with an outstretched hand.\" \"I'm Alice,\" she replied as she shook my hand. \"Lets get back down the alley just in case there are others in the area.\" I looked at my phone and it was almost 8 P.M. In less than oun hour, I had killed two men and watched as another man was shot to death. My life has been changed forever. Alice and I decided that it would be safer to spend the rest of the night behind the dumpster. We kept talking to a minimum just in case there were any lurkers about to hear us, but she did manage to ask me why a young girl like me was out during the purge. I told her about how my dad's murder pushed me over the edge and how I needed to purge. She shared with me the tragic events that led to her homelessness. She used to live in my neighborhood until the bank foreclosed her house. When she became ill, her medical bills took all of her savings and she could no longer pay her each word she spoke, I felt lower and lower.\"Were you going to kill me?\" she asked in a hushed tone. \"Honestly, I don't know. Initially,.I was waiting for someone to show up that I could attack. But, when I saw the terrified look on your face I knew that you weren't my target.\" I looked down as I admitted this grim truth, tears beginning to burn my eyes. \"Honey, don't cry. People deal with grief in different ways. Its natural to need to release your aggression and with the government giving us a free pass, it was only logical that you made the choice that you did. What matters most though is that once you were presented with the opportunity, your heart overtook your emotions.\" She said as she rubbed my back. \"You're a good girl Lauren. A good girl who made a mistake. It's over now.\" I flashed her a smile, but remained silent. She was partially right. I was good in the sense that I couldn't murder innocent people. But, it wasn't over. I had just had my first taste of purging and didn't think I could give it up so soon. Even though the guys I killed were monsters, the effect was the same. I felt a heck of a lot better. For the next 11 hours, Alice and I alternated between sleeping and keeping lookout. When I was awake, I heard many screams in the distance and what sounded like bombs going off around dawn. At seven A.M, the alarms sounded waking me from my sleep. \"I was just about to wake you honey! We're free now!\" Alice Beamed as she embraced me with a warm hug. I gave her my contact information and asked her would she be okay out in the streets. She assured me that she was staying in a shelter and that's where she was about to return to after the purge. \"Why didn't you stay overnight?\" I asked already knowing the answer. \"Homeless shelters are the first placed purgers look Lauren. I had to get out of there. Many of my friends stayed there awaiting slaughter, but not me. I decided to take my chances in the streets.\" I cringed at her verbal portrayal of my thoughts. I knew what she was saying was true. She left out the gory details of having to wait outside as the police and ambulances retrieved all of the dead bodies and sanitized the building but it was understood. We promised to keep in contact and in the years following my first Purge, she spent The Purge with my mom and sisters in our secure house. I told my mom I met her when I was volunteering at a homeless shelter. Everything was good for six years. My mom recovered from her depression and my sister and I began to repair our broken relationship. I still participated in the purge, but only went after the bad guys. In those six years, I murdered between 50-60 men and women. My mom, although sober, was still oblivious. Alice knew, however, but she never ratted me out. Six months ago, everything changed. When my mom was going through her depression, she threw away all of dad's savings on prescription drugs and as a result we had to downsize – drastically. We ended up moving a few streets over to the very neighborhood that I experienced my first purge. Our house was one level and barely had a working plumbing system, much less a impenetrable security system. I was now 23 and had to resort to sharing a room with my younger sister. This would be the first time in six years, I wouldn't be able to participate in the purge. I would have to stay home, and protect my family and Alice, because we were now the prey. ","Summary":" It was almost time. In less than thirty minutes, the annual purge would commence. I was fidgeting t"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"My Heart Was Meant For You","Author":"H6p8gv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8791605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I would like to ounce again thank my great friend hippogriff-tamer for all of her help with the story we hope you like it like last time there will be a number of related one shots. From the hotel balcony Verona was a beautiful city. It had old world charm with its cobblestone streets and stone villas. Yet, as I gazed out at the many buildings in front of me my thoughts were on my time here in Italy. Since coming here on a pre honeymoon trip with my fiancee, Victor, I had discovered the Secretaries of Juliet, a group of women who answered letters written by people seeking advice from Shakespeare's famous tragic heroine, Juliet. In my acquaintance with them I stumbled across a worn letter that would change my life. The letter was written by a woman named Claire Wyman nee Smith when she was just fifteen and by answering her I met her and her grandson, Charlie. Together we went on a journey to find Lorenzo, Claire's lost love. Along with the search for Lorenzo I found myself getting closer to both Claire and Charlie. Claire reminded me of my grandmother with her calm, maternal demeanor and Charlie, well despite our less than cordial beginning, he found his way into my heart. Yet, I was still an engaged woman! I rested my hand in my palm and sighed as my thoughts turned to Charlie. I could still taste his scent on my lips from where I had kissed him on the cheek. He smell reminded me of something citrusy like oranges. It was so different from Victor who smelled like wine and flour. They were both passionate; Victor about cooking and Charlie about helping others in need. Yet they were very different. Victor was more laid back and Charlie, he was so infuriating at times. There were times when he would say something and anger flared within me and there were other times when he could be so loving and gentlemanly; like helping Claire with her search despite his disbelief in her finding Lorenzo or when he walked me back to my room. Out of the corner of my eye I caught sight of a car. Turning my head to the left I saw a familar dark silver car-one that i've spent the past few days riding in. My heart started pounding as I saw it and a figure standing besides it. Charlie was standing by its trunk staring up at me. He was still wearing his khaki pants, black under-shirt and unbuttoned blue shirt he was wearing earlier. My heart soared at the sight of him and the question of why he was there formed on the tip of my tongue. Before I could call to him I heard a noise behind me. I was able to stand up straighter before being swept into a pair of warm arms. Arms belonging to Victor. I pulled away from him to look back at Charlie but he and his car were gone. My heart ached at his absence. In that moment I made a decision; one which I'd never thought I'd ever make. I turned back to Victor who was facing me while talking on his cell phone again. He spoke of mushrooms and wine so he probably was speaking to one of his restaurant's vendors. \"Victor?\" He put his hand over the phones speakers. \"Yeah, Sophie,\" \"Can we go inside?\" I hope he didn't hear the slight nervousness in my voice. \"Um, sure.\" He talked a couple of minutes more to the other person on the phone and hung up. I led the way into the living room area of our hotel room. There was a couch and a couple of chairs around a brown coffee table. The couch and chairs were covered in neutral colored fabric. Victor sat in one of the chairs and I sat on the couch next to him. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"Victor..I...\" He interrupted me, sadness lacing his voice. \"You're going to say you want us to go our separate ways aren't you?\" I closed my eyes and nodded. I didn't have to ask how he knew what I was thinking. Victor could read my expressions. \"I love you, I do but we basically came here on a honeymoon and we didn't mind spending time away from each other. It's not supposed to be like that. We should want to spend all of our time together. \" \"I do want to spend time with you but I also have a restaurant I'm trying to get off the ground.\" I smiled sadly. \"I know and I adore your passion for cooking but I feel like I've changed and now we are going down different paths.\" \"Is there anything I can say to change your mind?\" His eyes glistened with unshed tears. \"No.\" \"I love you, Sophie.\" \"I know. And I'll always love you too but I don't think we're right for each other anymore.\" I stood and went over to him. I gave him a small hug and kiss on the cheek. \"I hope that you find happiness again someday...\" \"You too...\" he said quietly as I grabbed my still packed suitcase and headed out to our rented car. I started towards Lorenzo's villa assuming thats where Charlie would drive back to. As I drove, I searched for Charlie's car to no avail. Frustrated, I was about to pull over to re-strategize my plan when a dark silver car on the side of the road garnered my attention. I pulled in behind it knowing in my heart that it was Charlie's. Turning the engine off, I slowly walked closer to the car. Charlie was sitting with his back toward me on its hood. \"Charlie,\" I called out as soon as I was in hearing distance. His body tensed as he turned sideways and looked at me. \"Sophie?\" The question of what I was doing there was clearly written on his face. \"I saw you on the street outside my hotel but you left before we could speak.\" \" You were so deep in thought that I didn't want to disturb you,\" he answered, his face returning to a less questioning expression. I frowned. \"You wouldn't have disturbed me. What were you doing there?\" He stood tentatively and started walking, stopping a few feet in front of me. \"I, um, wanted to talk to you...\" Charlie never stammered so he must have been uncomfortable. \"But then I saw you with the dark haired guy who I assume is your fiancee,\" he finished a moment later. \"He's not my fiancee anymore,\" I told him softly. \"What?!\" he said. Shock and hope filled his voice. \"I broke it off with Victor,\" I said more firmly. He ran his hand through his hair and looked away. \"Oh, Sophie, I'm sorry.\" \"I'm not.\" His gaze shot back to me. \"You're not?\" I shook my head. \"I couldn't stay with him when my heart knew we weren't meant for each other any more; that it was meant for someone else.\" I stepped closer to him as I spoke. He just watched me, a mixture of emotions crossing his face. \"What do you mean?\" he asked a bit fearfully. A smile tugged at my lips. \"I know it might sound crazy since we just met but what I'm saying is that my heart was, well is, meant for you.\" Charlie's face lit up with a huge smile before he closed the distance between us and kissed me. His lips were warm and tender on mine. His hands went around my back pulling me closer. Mine found there way to the nape of his neck. \"I love you Sophie,\" he said breathlessly when we parted. \"And it doesn't sound crazy.\" I was breathless myself. \"Good. And I love you, too.\" \"Ah, Sophie, you don't know how hearing that makes me feel.\" I smiled up at him as he continued holding me close. \"I think I have a pretty good idea.\" \"You know Gran told me I was a 'total idiot' after you left with Lorenzo's son.\" \"Why would she say that?\" \"Because I let you go; an action I will never repeat again.\" I kissed his lips but removed them before the kiss could be deepened. \"You know when I saw you in the street I was thinking about you.\" \"You were?\" He sounded surprised. I let out a quiet laugh and nodded. \"Don't sound so surprised.\" \"I can't help it. After I saw you and Victor I thought that you'd go back to New York and get married. I was so heartbroken at seeing you and him that I had to stop and collect myself before going back to Gran and telling her...well telling her that I didn't speak to you.\" I cupped his cheek with my hand and inhaled his citrusy scent. \"I was thinking about meeting you and Claire and I was comparing you to Victor.\" He straightened up slightly. \"You were? How'd I do?\" I laughed. \"I think you did well.\" \"I'm glad.\" I just shook my head at him. He captured my lips again and this time I let it deepen. When I came on this trip I never expected to find the amazing story I found with Claire and Lorenzo nor did I ever expect to meet someone like Charlie. Though it was a sad ending with Victor,I'm glad that I met Charlie.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own anything. I fixed the dark green shawl over the shoulders of my olive green dress as I started down the aisle. I didn't get far before a warm hand grabbed my waist, making me stop. \"Have I told you how beautiful you look?\" Charlie asked, pulling me closer and kissing my lips. He looked handsome in a dark gray suit. I smiled. \"No but shouldn't you be telling that to the bride? It's her day after all.\" \"Gran's busy being congratulated by everyone outside. The reception will be beginning soon.\" Charlie and I were at Lorenzo's villa in Italy to help celebrate Claire and Lorenzo's marriage. Charlie escorted his grandmother down the aisle while I stood beside her as vows were exchanged. It was truly wondrous that I found myself here with Claire and Charlie when it was only two months ago that we met and found Claire's lost love; two months ago that I had fallen in love with Charlie, and upon seeing him in front of my hotel, broken up with my then fiancé, Victor, and gone after him. \"What are you still doing in here?\" Charlie asked bringing me to the present. I placed my hand on the shawl. \"I dropped my shawl.\" \"When did you drop it?\" \"As everyone began leaving. So I stayed behind.\" \"Well, we should probably head outside before Gran starts worrying,\" he stated awkwardly. I raise my eyebrow quizzically at him but he didn't seem to notice. \"She'll want her maid of honor by her side,\" he added, taking my hand. I shrugged his non answer off as I let him lead me out of the chapel. The reception space wasn't far. It was being held outside in a part of the grounds that overlooked the vineyards. Round tables were set up with white linen tablecloths for the guests. Claire, Lorenzo and their wedding party, which included Charlie and I were seated at the head table, a long table covered in white linen tablecloths. At the moment, the two seats next to Claire sat empty. We started towards the newlyweds when a young woman with her brown hair and a strapless gown with a green bodice and floral accents came up to us. During the ceremony she had been sitting on the bride's side of the aisle. She came up to Charlie and kissed his cheek. \"Charlie! There you are! It seems like ages since we've seen each other.\" Charlie cleared his throat. \"Yes, well, I've been busy.\" The woman turned to me. \"I can see that,\" she said with a wink. He turned to me. \"Sorry, Sophie, this is my cousin Patricia. Patricia, this is Sophie.\" \"Sophie? The Sophie?\" He smiled. \"Yes.\" \"The one you're….\" she began but Charlie gave her a stern look; a look reminiscent of the one my father would give me when he thought I needed to stop talking before I revealed something he didn't want me to. \"…in love with,\" Patricia finished though I could tell that she was going to say something different. I held out my hand. \"It's nice to meet you.\" \"Likewise,\" she said shaking it. \"So, Charlie's told you about me?\" Patricia smiled. \"A little. Don't worry he had nothing but praise for you.\" Charlie seemed to fidget uncomfortably at the conversation. \"I'm sure,\" I said placing my hand in his. He gently squeezed it in gratitude. \"Hasn't he mentioned me?\" \"A little,\" I answered. Charlie talked before of his family, including Patricia. \"Why haven't we met before?\" She placed her hand on Charlie's shoulder. \"Because my cousin here wants to keep you all to himself.\" \"No, it's because you were always busy,\" he countered. Patricia just shook her head at him, smiling. I couldn't help but do the same. \"Also, Nana was busy all day so I only got to see her as she walked down the aisle. I did, however, talk to her after the ceremony. It was lovely wasn't it?\" Patricia asked. I nodded. \"It was.\" \"We should probably go sit before Gran comes over here,\" Charlie told us. I glanced over at Claire. She was watching us. \"That's probably a good idea.\" As I said this, a white-liveried waiter carrying a bottle of champagne walked passed Patricia. \"I guess we'll see you later,\" I said to her. She nodded. \"I'll probably see you after dinner.\" Charlie and I made it to our seats as the waiter finished filling our glasses with champagne. I sat next to Claire while Charlie sat to my left. \"Is everything all right darling?\" Claire asked, leaning towards me. \"Yes,\" I answered. \"I dropped my shawl in the chapel and stayed back to find it.\" I didn't need to tell her that Charlie sought me out or that we ran into Patricia. She saw the three of us talking. She smiled at me and squeezed my arm tenderly. Before either one of us could say more Lorenzo stood holding his champagne flute. \"My lovely wife, Claire, and I would like to welcome all of you for being here to celebrate this joyous occasion. Each one of you has meant something special to us,\" he said in his gentle, yet commanding voice. \"Felicitazioni!\" someone called out. It sounded like my friend, Isabella, one of the Juliet Secretaries. I knew the word-congratulations. Lorenzo smiled and raised his glass. \"Grazie.\" \"To the happy couple,\" Patricia said. I lifted my glass with everyone else as a round of \"congratulations\" chorused around the tables. Before drinking from his flute, Lorenzo bent down and kissed Claire. After the toast, dinner was served. It was a choice between the newlywed's favorite Italian dishes-pasta carbonara and shrimp scampi. I had the shrimp scampi and it was delicious. About halfway through the meal I glanced over to Charlie wondering why he was being so quiet. He kept glancing nervously at the spot where the musicians were setting up every couple of minutes. I didn't know why he was nervous. After the meals were finished, Lorenzo asked a small group of musicians that he hired to start playing music. He stood and held out his hand to Claire. \"Shall we?\" he asked her. She quickly acquiesced and he led her to a bare area near the musicians. I smiled as I watched them slowly move together. He was handsome in his dark gray suit while she glowed in her charming gray dress and jacket set. They kept their eyes trained on each other's the entire time. The music had a soft melody and I found myself swaying to it. I didn't realize that I closed my eyes until someone tapped me on the shoulder. Opening my eyes, I turned to find Charlie looking at me. \"Do you want to dance?\" he asked, standing and holding out his hand. I nodded as I stood and took his hand. Together we walked over to where Claire and Lorenzo were dancing. I placed my hands on Charlie's shoulders and he wrapped both of his arms around my waist, pulling me closer. With his hands firmly resting on my back, we started swaying to the music. As the music hit a crescendo he twirled me. \"I didn't know you could dance,\" I voiced after catching my breath. Charlie shrugged. \"There are a lot of things you still don't know about me.\" He was trying to sound charming but I could sense the something off in his voice. \"Charlie what's wrong? You have been acting weird all day,\" I asked as the song ended. A new one started and he took my right hand in his left as we began moving to the new beat. \"Charlie,\" I prodded after a few minutes of silence. \"Sophie...I wanted to um…marry me?\" My eyes widened in surprise at his question and I felt my chest tighten. I needed air. I stepped away from Charlie not knowing what he saw in my face and quickly walked by all of the tables. I found a grassy area nearby. A peach colored building with a large balcony loomed behind me. Placing my hands on my knees, I took deep breaths. I couldn't believe that Charlie just asked me to marry him! I loved him but we had only been together two months and most of those two months were spent apart with my living in New York City and Charlie living in London. I had just ended a long engagement when Charlie and I got together. I didn't know if I was ready to enter into another engagement so soon. \"Sophie? What's the matter? Why did you run away?\" Charlie asked from close by. I looked up to see him standing a few feet away. At his worried expression my chest loosened up. \"I needed a moment to think. You surprised me.\" He cast his eyes down guiltily. \"I'm sorry. I surprised myself.\" \"You did?\" He nodded, looking up. \"I was going to ask you to move in with me. 'Marry me' just slipped out.\" \"So you meant to ask me to move to London?\" \"Yes. \" \"So you don't want to marry me?\" I couldn't believe I asked that. Just a few minutes ago I was wondering if I was ready to be engaged again and now I was anxious, wondering if Charlie hadn't meant to ask me. He came closer, taking my hands in his. \"I do, but I thought that it might be too soon to ask. We've only been together a short time.\" I smiled at him and his return smile lit up his entire face, showing me just how happy he was that I wasn't angry. And I wasn't. For the past two months Charlie had been my rock; the one person I could always count upon. He helped me when I had writers block and encouraged me to show my story to my boss, Bobby. He even read it before I handed it in. His opinion was probably a bit biased because of his feelings for me but I loved that he wanted to see it. He also was there for me with the fallout from breaking up with Victor. He understood me and challenged me in ways that Victor never could and I could see Charlie always being there for me. Charlie seemed to be waiting for me to say something. Right then and there I decided that if he asked me again I would say yes to his proposal. \"I think that you should ask me again.\" \"Ask you to marry me?\" he asked cautiously. I nodded. He kneeled down on one knee. Love shone from his eyes. \"Sophie, I love you. Would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?\" \"Yes,\" I answered immediately. Charlie stood and wrapped his arms around me before pulling me close and kissing me. \"Thank you,\" he said once we parted. I raised my eyebrow in question. \"For what?\" \"For saying yes.\" I shook my head at him. \"You don't have to thank me. I love you and I want to marry you.\" \"You do?\" \"I do,\" I said wrapping my arms around his shoulders and kissing him. \"I'm just glad you didn't say it was too soon. I was afraid I scared you off by what I said earlier.\" \"Surprise, yes. Scare, never.\"[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own anything that is recognizable... My hands ran down the fabric of my vintage nineteen hundreds lace pintuck bodice wedding gown in an attempt to smooth out any wrinkles. The dress also had shear cap sleeves. A bun, chandelier earrings and a matching necklace finished my look. Standing in front of the bathroom mirror of my room at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, I looked back at the woman standing in the mirror. She appeared fine but to my discerning eye I could tell that she was nervous-that I was nervous. I knew that I loved Charlie and he loved me. I also knew that this was our wedding day so I didn't understand where my apprehension was coming from. \"Sophie?\" I turned to find Lorraine, my matron-of-honor, standing in the doorway. She was wearing an Edwardian style yellow square neck dress with a black overlay. Her curly brown hair was back in a low chignon. \"Is everything okay?\" she asked me. \"Yes,\" I answered, trying to sound like I meant it. \"It's almost time.\" I let out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. \"All right. I'm coming.\" As I stepped into the sitting area of my room, I grabbed the pair of white, elegant, elbow length gloves that lay on a nearby mahogany table. The room had off white walls, plush red chairs and a carpet with an elaborate floral design. I noticed Patricia, my bridesmaid and Charlie's cousin, sitting in one of the chairs. She was dressed in the same gown as Lorraine. \"There you are. I thought that we'd have to send out a search party, you were in the loo for so long,\" Patricia teased as she stood. I gave her a weak smile. \"I can't believe today is the day you know?\" Patricia nodded. \"I know. It seems only yesterday that he proposed at Nana's wedding. I can't believe eighteen months has gone by so quickly. Though I have to say that Charlie's the happiest I've seen him since before his parent's death.\" I didn't know if that was true since I've only known him a short time compared to his cousin but I did know that Charlie was different now than when I first met him. Lorraine smiled. \"What do you think he's doing right now?\" Patricia grinned back mischievously. \"Probably trying to imagine how Sophie looks in her gown and counting down the minutes until he can take it off of her.\" I was only half listening to them as I slipped the gloves over my hands and gently flattened any creases. \"I wonder if he's at all nervous.\" \"I'm sure he's anxious to see you,\" Lorraine said. Patricia raised an eyebrow probably at my not responding to her last statement, something I would normally do, but just nodded in agreement. A knock at the door quieted us. Patricia walked over and opened it. \"May we come in?\" I heard Claire ask. I only had a moment to wonder who she meant by we when I saw Patricia step back to allow a wheelchair followed Claire, who was pushing it, into the room. My grandmother sat in the wheelchair. She was eighty years old with bluish white hair and hazel eyes. Both she and Claire were in beautiful gowns. Claire in green and Grams in blue. \"Hope we didn't interrupt anything,\" Grams said softly. I shook my head. \"No, Patty and Lorraine were just talking about Charlie.\" \"He's such a darling boy,\" Grams murmured. I grinned at her words as I ran my fingers lightly over my hair to make sure my bun was still in place. \"Are you all right darling?\" Claire asked me, concern lacing her voice. \"Yes, why do you ask?\" I answered not sounding as confident as I would like. She pointed to my arms. \"You keep tugging at the ends of your gloves.\" I gazed down and saw that she was right. I was tugging at my gloves unconsciously to make sure they stayed up at my elbows. I immediately stopped, letting my hands fall to my sides. \"And before you were running your fingers over your hair,\" Claire added. \"I'm a bit nervous,\" I said sheepishly. Claire came closer and hugged me loosely. \"Feeling nervous on your wedding day is perfectly normal. I'm certain the moment you see Charlie it'll disappear.\" \"Were you ever nervous on your wedding day?\" Claire nodded. \"When I married Charlie's grandfather. All throughout the morning before the ceremony I was a wreck but the moment I saw Jack I calmed.\" \"Your grandfather was the anxious one when we married,\" Grams chimed in. I had forgotten that she was in the room. \"And you?\" I asked her. \"Serene,\" she answered a bit forlornly. At her voice I panicked a little. \"Oh, Grams, I'm sorry. I know you still miss Grandpa. We all do.\" She patted my right hand. \"It's fine dear. Anyways it's your day. You should be happy. Not let some old piddy like me ruin your day.\" \"You haven't ruined my day,\" I told her earnestly. She smiled up at me. \"I have something for you.\" She gestured to a white box in her lap; a box I just now noticed. She took off the lid and Patricia took it from her. Grams withdrew a long piece of ivory colored lace. The edges of it were embroidered with an intricate swirly design. \"Oh Grams….\" I murmured. \"This is the veil I wore when I was married and my daughter wore at her wedding. Now it's your turn.\" I reached out with my fingers to lightly touch the veil. \"It's beautiful…\" \"Allison wanted to be the one to give this to you but unfortunately Chris became ill,\" she told me. I nodded solemnly. My twelve year old cousin came down with the flu and my aunt decided it better to stay home with him. She was unhappy at missing the ceremony but I told her that I'd come and see her with Charlie after the honeymoon when Chris felt better. \"She'll be missed,\" was all I managed not knowing what else to say. Everyone else nodded in agreement. They all knew how close I was to my aunt. After my mom left, she took on the role herself as I was growing up. \"Well, there's nothing we can do about it now. How about you bend so that I can put the veil on you,\" Grams said after a moment. Claire frowned. \"Lisa, allow me. You don't want Sophie's stunning dress to get mussed up.\" \"No,\" Gram admitted. She handed Claire the veil and she stepped behind me to place it on my head. It was a cathedral length veil so it fell down almost meeting the train of my dress. Claire was fluffing the veil so it sat nicely when there was a knock at the door. Lorraine was closest so she opened it. \"Hi,\" came a new feminine voice. I looked over to see a red haired, hazel eyed woman wearing a black dress and jacket. \"Hi Alexa,\" I greeted. She was my wedding planner. We had originally met at Brown but never really hung out together until we ran into each other a few years ago while I was checking some facts for a story. Alexa came in carrying a brown clipboard shortly followed by my father. My mouth literally dropped at seeing him. He was wearing light gray pants, dark gray coat with tails and white shirt, cravat, and silver vest. \"Wow, Dad,\" I began but paused when I saw the stunned deer expression on his face. \"Sophie, sweetheart you look...\" \"Different?\" I suggested. \"No…yes…I mean you look beautiful,\" he answered. I blushed, touching my veil. \"Thank you,\" I said softly. He came closer to me and kissed my cheek. \"David, don't make her mess up her make-up,\" Grams admonished. He took one step back and gave her a sheepish grin. \"I won't Mom.\" \"Everything is all set downstairs. Is everyone ready here?\" Alexa asked checking something on her clipboard. \"I think I need to go check my lipstick,\" I answered quickly. Alexa was in front of me instantly with her hands on my arms. \"Sophie, you look fine. Just breathe.\" I took a deep breath releasing it slowly. Then another. \"Better?\" Alexa asked. \"Umm…\" I answered twisting my necklace. She sighed. \"Relax Sophie. Everything is right on schedule and Charlie will be speechless when he sees you.\" \"Here, Soph….\" Lorraine said handing me my bouquet of red roses, yellow roses and white hydrangea. I took it trying not to drop it and saw that Lorraine and Patricia were already holding their bouquets of yellow roses and white hydrangea. \"We better get downstairs,\" Claire said to Grams. She then looked at me. \"Just remember to breathe. The moment you see Charlie all of your nerves will be forgotten.\" \"Thank you, Claire.\" She smiled. \"See you downstairs.\" I nodded as Grams reiterated Claire's last sentiment. I began worrying my lip but stopped when I felt gentle pressure near my elbow. I glanced over to find my father watching me. \"Let's go, I said before he could ask me if I was all right. I didn't need another person asking me that question. He nodded along with Patricia and Lorraine who went first. As we made our way to the elevator Patricia stumbled forward slightly but caught herself before she could fall. \"Curse these blasted heels,\" she muttered in frustration. I giggled at her words. I knew it wouldn't have been funny if she fell but the way she spoke struck me as humorous for some reason. Patricia looked back at me. \"I'm glad I amuse you.\" I giggled again. \"I'm sorry….are you…\" I asked between giggles. My laughing helped eased away the nerves I was experiencing. \"I'll just have to watch my step,\" she answered. Alexa came from behind me and my father. \"Patricia, I'm glad you didn't fall….\" The others murmured in agreement, \"…but we have a schedule to keep.\" \"When did you get so bossy?\" I teased, surprised with how much better I felt. Alexa smirked. \"Oh, I've always been this way haven't you noticed?\" o~o~o The nerves that had dissipated right before we reached the elevator returned once we reached the first floor. \"Breathe,\" my father said from my left. I did as he said and felt a little better. Soon we were at the closed doors of the Vanderbilt Terrace where the ceremony was being held. Alexa opened the doors and soft music floated out from the room. Patricia then Lorraine started slowly walking through the doors. Soon it was my turn. I took my father's proffered arm with my left hand, resting it in the crook of his elbow. \"Okay, remember….left together, right together,\" Alexa reminded us as we started over the threshold and into the room. The room was subtly lit with low lighting. A chandelier was placed in the center hanging over the white runner. White columns topped with white flowers lined the runner with comfortable looking chairs with white cushions placed on either side of the runner. Family and friends were standing looking in my direction and I entered with my father. Finally I looked at the altar, a small white platform with four similarly colored columns holding up more white flowers. Charlie stood on the platform with his best man, Richard, a childhood friend, and groomsman, Daniel, a colleague from work, beside him. They were all wearing the same suit as my father but Charlie's had a red rose in the lapel of his jacket. A gasp left my lips as my eyes met his. He smiled at me and all of my nerves disappeared. I smiled back at him. As I walked down the aisle with my dad, my eyes never left his. They seemed to burn into mine showing me desire and love. I tried to show all of my love for him into my own eyes as he took my hand and helped me up on the platform. \"Charlie and Sophie welcome you all here and ask you to bear witness to this joyous occasion…\" the priest began. I wasn't really hearing what he said as my attention was focused solely on Charlie. His blue eyes were smoldering. It wasn't until I saw his mouth move that I concentrated on what was being said. \"Sophie,\" he said, \"I wasn't looking for anyone when you unexpectedly came into my life, now I can't imagine my life without you. If you hadn't chased after me that day in Verona when I was outside your hotel, that day we declared our love, I don't know what would have become of me. Luckily you are here in front of me pledging to be my wife….\" He smiled, \"and I am in return pledging to be your husband from this day forth. I love you.\" \"I love you, too,\" I mouthed to him, tears in my eyes. He placed a kiss on my gloved hand. Hi smile was encouraging as I started my vows. \"Charlie, I never meant to fall in love with you but I did, I said smiling, \"I know that we only knew each other for a short time when we gave our hearts to each other but I can't bear to think of what might have happened if we had never met. You have become a central part of my world and I never want to spend a day without you.\" After I finished my vows we exchanged rings, a pair of simple gold bands. \"Now it's my extreme pleasure to announce that you are man and wife,\" the priest said after a few parting words. Charlie pulled me closer to him, his hands resting on my back. I placed my hands around his neck as we sealed our vows with a kiss. It was sweet and reverent and all Charlie and I couldn't wait to stat the rest of our life together.[Chapter 4] I would again like to thank my amazing co author hippogifftamer for everything she has done for the story. 8 months later…. My heart sped up as I stood in the black and white tiled bathroom looking down at the white stick that was perched on the marble sink. Two pink lines stared back at me. \"Oh my,\" I murmured, unsure if I was really interpreting the lines correctly. The box the test had come in sat on the opposite corner of the sink. I grabbed it and reread the instructions. I felt lightheaded as I saw that two lines did mean that I was pregnant. \"How am I going to tell Charlie?\" I wondered. Before I could answer that question, I heard the door open and close downstairs. \"Sophie,\" Charlie called. I didn't want him finding that our lives were about to change by seeing me staring at the pregnancy test in the bathroom. So with more effort than it usually took, I walked into our bedroom and sat on the edge of our bed. The white comforter peeked out under my jean clad legs. \"Sophie,\" he called again. Footsteps on the stairs indicated that he was headed up them. The light blue walls seemed to close in on me as I listened to those steps. I didn't know why I was so panicky and nervous. Charlie and I had mentioned the possibility of one day having children but we had never talked about it in depth. We were still newlyweds, getting ready to spend our first Christmas together as husband and wife. And when we did talk about it, there was never any indication that he would be opposed to becoming a father. I always thought that I'd get married and have a family, just not so soon after marriage. \"Sophie, what is it?\" I glanced over to see Charlie in the doorway. The top button of his green shirt was undone and his hands rested against his gray suit pants. He wore a worried expression. I opened my mouth to answer then closed it again, afraid that nothing would come out. He came in the room and sat next to me on the bed. He faced me and gathered both of my hands in his. \"Please tell me.\" His eyes pleaded with me to answer. His expression tore at my heart. I looked down at my lap, seeing my red long sleeve t-shirt and took a deep breath, slowly letting it out. \"CharlieI'mpregnant.\" \"What did you just say? I couldn't understand you, sorry,\" he said after a moment. I took another breath and let it out, willing myself to speak slower. \"Charlie, I'm pregnant.\" His eyes widened as he stared at me with his mouth slightly agape. Minutes went by before his mouth curved up faintly before dropping down into a frown. \"Charlie, what's the matter?\" I asked confused by the wide array of emotions that I just saw on his face. Panic and nerves began to set in again as he stayed silent for several minutes. \"You're really pregnant?\" he asked when he found his voice. I nodded thankful that he had decided to speak though he didn't answer my question. He stood letting go of my hands. \"Ar...are you sure?\" \"Yes,\" I answered confidently. \"Are you sure?\" he asked again. \"Charlie…\" I began feeling heat rise in my cheeks. \"I just told you that I was.\" \"Did you see a doctor?\" \"Not yet. Charlie what's with all these questions?\" I'm sure that I was starting to look as red as my shirt. He paced back and forth for a few minutes then stopped right in front of me. \"Are you absolutely certain?\" \"Yes! The test is in the bathroom! Why won't you believe me?!\" I felt tear running down my cheeks as he stood there questioning me. Something inside of him cracked and his expression became panicked, worried and ashamed. \"Soph,\" he said kneeling in front of me. \"Oh, Sophie, I didn't meant to upset you or think that I don't trust you.\" \"Then why all the questions,\" I managed through my tears. He ran his fingers over his chin. \"Honestly, I don't know. I suppose you just really surprised me that's all.\" \"But you never questioned me like that before,\" I intoned, brushing away some tears. Charlie wiped away a few tears with his thumbs before cradling my face between his hands. \"I'm sorry.\" He sounded contrite. \"I promised myself I'd never upset you like that and I've gone and mucked things up.\" I gazed into his eyes as I sorted out everything that just happened. Why was I acting like this? Could it be because of the pregnancy? He looked as contrite as he sounded. It reminded me of the time when we were searching for Lorenzo and he told me that I didn't know a thing about real loss. He apologized and I had forgiven him at the time because he didn't really know anything about me and I didn't really want to be on bad terms with him. Now, we were married and he knew me inside and out. He would normally act more rationally but maybe the news really jolted him. I knew that it initially threw me for a loop. I still wasn't over the shock. \"Forgive me?\" he pleaded, pulling me from my thoughts. He even stuck out his bottom lip in an exaggerated pout. He knew by doing that he made me smile I couldn't help it-I smiled. His face lit up. \"So am I forgiven?\" \"As long as you never question me like that again.\" \"Never.\" \"Then yes.\" He released my face and sat down beside me again and for some time just stared at the space in front of him. \"I'm going to be a father,\" he said quietly after several minutes. \"Yes,\" I told him. \"A father…\" he repeated. \"And I'm going to be a mom.\" As I said this, I could see his lips mouthing the word \"mom\". He turned to me, the surprise wearing off. \"Soph…we should see the doctor tomorrow just to make sure everything's all right…\" \"I'm sure everything is fine. I'll call the doctor and take the next appointment they can give me.\" \"But,\" he started. \"Please don't worry,\" I told him, feeling more in control of myself. \"I'll call them tomorrow. The office is closed for the night.\" \"All right,\" he answered, appeased for the time being.[Chapter 5] A/n I would again like to thank my pal hippogriff-tamer for all of her help with the story Disclaimer: I don't own any of the recognizable people or places…. 6 and a half months later…. A small boy ran over to the river's edge and looked down at the water. His blonde hair swayed in the light wind. \" Joey, come away from there,\" I called to him. The boy looked over his shoulder at me with his bright green eyes. \"But Mama, there are fish in water.\" He kneeled down and stuck out his hand like he was going to put it in the water. \" Don't!\" I cried out, moving towards him. He didn't seem to hear as he stuck his hand in the water and immediately pulled it back. When I reached him, I saw tears staining his cheeks. He was cradling his now fisted hand to his chest. \" What happened?!\" \" It hurts Mama!\" he wailed. I gently took his fisted hand into my own and coaxed him to open it. Where there should have been a punkie finger there was a bloody stump. I immediately wrapped it in my shirt to stanch the blood, not caring that it would stain. Before I could do or say anything else a voice came over the wind. \"Sophie!\" it said. I didn't dare look around when my son was injured. I unwrapped my shirt to see if the bleeding stopped when I heard the voice again. It sounded masculine and familiar…. \"Oh,\" I gasped shifting around awkwardly. I felt wetness on my cheek. Wiping at it with my finger, I found that it was a tear. \"Sophie, what's the matter?\" I looked to where Charlie's voice had come from. He was standing next to the bed, where I was lying. He was dressed in jeans and a green t-shirt. He wore a worried expression. \"I'm a bit uncomfortable,\" I answered trying unsuccessfully to reposition the pillows that cushioned my back. I was also trying to deflect him from questions about my tears. His worry faded a little but remained as he saw what I was trying to do. \"Here, let me.\" He helped me sit up slightly before moving and fluffing the pillows. \"Better?\" he asked after helping me lower back onto them. I moved a little back and forth testing the new arrangement. \"Yes, thank you.\" \"Were you just dreaming?\" he asked me. \"You were yelling 'Don't!' and then you looked shocked and panicked. Also you were crying.\" I was silent for a moment waiting to see if I could to recall my dream. \"I was outside with a young boy about five or six years old and he was standing near a river….\" I began before telling him the rest of my dream. \"So, he lost his finger and that's when you awoke?\" I shook my head. \"I heard my name being called but it sounded like whoever was calling it was a great distance away.\" He ran his hand through his hair. \"That was me you heard. When I saw your tears, I was frightened. I didn't know what was wrong so I said your name to awaken you.\" \"I'm sorry,\" I told him. Ever since I told him that I was pregnant he had been worried that something could befall me and the baby. He rarely left my side and when we had a checkup with the doctor he would always ask a million questions-some of which he had asked more than once. He didn't need the added stress of seeing me upset over a dream. He looked confused. \"For what?\" \"For frightening you. You don't need to be more worried than you already are.\" He sighed. \"Soph, I know that I haven't been the easiest person to live with these past months…\" \"That's an understatement,\" Claire stated as she walked into the room. She wore a white blouse and brown skirt. She had come to stay with us about a month ago conveniently at the same time that my doctor had put me on bed rest. She was planning to stay until a few weeks after our son came. Yes, Charlie and I were having a son. We had found out the gender of the baby at one of our last ultrasounds. \"Gran…\" Charlie protested. I smiled at Claire. We both knew that my pregnancy had been fraught with his worries and concerns. Most were completely unfounded. His mom had a difficult delivery with him and his father had been afraid of losing her. Those fears had been inherited by Charlie. No matter how many times Claire and I told him that I'd be fine or that the doctor said how healthy I was he was still fearful that something bad was going to happen at the delivery. As my due date was close, he was getting more anxious though he tried to hide it. Claire started to smile back at me until she noted my tear stained cheeks. \"What happened darling?\" \"I had a dream,\" I answered relaying what I recalled about the dream. She was silent for a few minutes after I told her the end of my dream. \"Well, dreams where a child is born without fingers or toes are normal during pregnancy but I have never heard of a dream with a child that age before.\" \"Maybe my being so close to my due date had something to do with it? It's only a week away.\" Charlie opened his mouth to speak but my stomach grumbling prevented him from saying what he was going to say. \"You're hungry,\" he said instead. I nodded. \"I feel like rocky road ice cream.\" Charlie left the room returning a few minutes later. \"We are all out.\" I frowned. Ice cream was what I was craving. \"I think you should go get some for Sophie,\" Claire told him. He stared at her anxiously. \"Me? Why? Why not you?\" \"Because you've hardly left poor Sophie alone,\" she stated earnestly. \"I have not.\" I raised an eyebrow at him. \"Okay maybe I have but I'm just so worried something will happen and I won't be here,\" he said a bit sheepishly. I took his hand in mine. \"We'll be fine,\" I said referring to me and our son. \"Besides Claire's here…\" Charlie hesitated before kissing me. \"I'll have my mobile if you need me.\" \"Darling, you're just going to the store, not China,\" Claire told him. He sighed unhappily but left. After hearing the front door close Claire turned back to me. \"I'm surprised at how worried he is.\" I nodded in agreement. \"I'm hoping that he calms down after Joseph is born.\" \"Joseph? So you finally agreed upon a name?\" It had taken us weeks to finally decide upon one name that we both liked so I wasn't surprised at Claire's question. \"We've decided upon the name Joseph David Wyman. Joseph after Charlie's father and David after mine.\" \"What a lovely name,\" Claire murmured. I could tell by her voice that she was touched by our choice. \"Did you know that my son was named after my grandfather?\" she asked a moment later. I shook my head no. He was a good man,\" she stated wistfully. I felt a sharp pain in my stomach almost like a cramp but worse. It didn't feel like a kick or any of the normal pains that are associated with pregnancy and my intuition was telling me not to discount it. \"Were either of them by any chance born early?\" \"Why?\" \"I think my Joseph wants to come greet the world now.\" \"Oh,\" Claire said loudly, her eyes widening. \"Did your water break?\" I shook my head. \"No, not yet but I think I just felt a contraction.\" \"Okay, well no panicking. That wouldn't be good for either of you.\" I raised my eyebrow at her. I wasn't panicking nor would I. I remember reading that being calm is best for the baby. She gave a small chuckle. \"Right, you won't panic. Charlie would.\" \"Charlie! Will you call him?\" I asked her. Claire nodded. \"First, though, let me help you up.\" She held onto my arm with a strong yet gentle grip as she helped me sit up so that I was on the edge of the bed. She then bent down and I soon felt sandals being placed on my feet. \"Okay, now let's get you downstairs,\" Claire said. I nodded as she took my arm again and helped me to stand. I smoothed the pink comfortable cotton dress I was wearing over my hips. It had been hot out the last couple of days and cotton was the coolest material. Carefully, we maneuvered out of the room and downstairs; me using the railing along with Claire to keep me steady. When we reached the first floor I suddenly remembered my small black overnight bag I had packed for the hospital. I paused. Claire looked at me curiously. \"My bag,\" I told her. She nodded in understanding. \"Is it upstairs?\" I nodded. \"Just by the door.\" \"Okay wait here and I'll go get it and be back.\" \"Okay.\" It wasn't like I could really get too far anyhow; not without waddling slowly. As I waited for Claire another contraction hit me. \"Ouch,\" I said wincing and rubbing my stomach. \"Another contraction?\" Claire asked sympathetically. She was a few feet away holding my overnight bag. \"Yes, are all contractions that bad?\" \"I'm afraid so,\" she answered. Claire grabbed her purse before coming once again to my side. Together we managed to get outside without any trouble. She put her hand up for a taxi and after several minutes a black taxi cab stopped in front of us. Claire helped me into the back then walked around the boot of the car to get into the other side. \"Saint Mary's Hospital,\" I told the driver between deep breaths. I was feeling uncomfortable with my lower back being sore and I thought deep breaths might help. They didn't really. The driver who had dark brown hair and brown eyes. He was looking at me in the rearview mirror. He gave a slight nod and pulled away from the curb. \"I'll call Charlie,\" Claire said pulling my attention to her. I nodded as I watched her pull a silver cell phone out of her purse. She punched a couple of buttons. \"Charlie, \"she said once she he had answered. \"Everything's fine except that Sophie thinks she's in labor.\" She listened to him then said \"Here she is,\" before handing the phone to me. I took it and held it up to my ear. \"Charlie?\" \"Sophie, are you all right love?\" he asked. He sounded worried. \"I'm fine except contractions hurt like hell.\" \"I'm coming now!\" His voice sounded urgent. \"We're in a taxi heading to the hospital,\" I told him. \"Oh, okay,\" he said surprised. \"Well if you have another contraction remember to breathe. And tell Gran that Dr. Felton said rubbing your back might help…\" I wanted to chuckle but I was hit with a sharp pain. \"Ouch!\" I knew I shouted it in his ear. \"Sophie!?\" \"I'm here…\" Claire took the phone back before I could hear his response. \"Charlie…\" she said. I couldn't hear what he said on the other line but Claire was smiling. I could imagine that he was talking loudly and running his hand through his hair. Claire's voice jarred me from my thought. \"We are in a taxi. Meet us at the hospital,\" she said before hanging up. She sighed. \"I'm glad that one of you can keep a clear head.\" \"Usually we both can unless we argue,\" I told her. She smiled again. \"True. Except in Charlie's case his head is unclear when arguing with you and when it comes to my great grandson.\" I couldn't refute that. When we were halfway to the hospital the taxi slowed. \"Sorry, traffic miss,\" he said directing the comment at me. I saw a line of cars ahead of us. \"I understand. I just hope it clears up soo…\" I started as I felt something warm and wet on my inner thigh. \"Sophie?\" Claire asked concerned. \"I think my water just broke,\" I answered her. \"Don't worry miss I'm sure things will clear up in a couple of minutes,\" the driver told us. \"Thanks…Mr. Jacobs…\" I said reading his I.D. card that was posted on the back of his seat. \"No problem. Look traffic is already moving,\" Mr. Jacobs said pointing ahead of us. I couldn't respond because another contraction ripped through me. I bit my lip trying not to cry out in pain. Then I remembered to breathe in and out like Charlie reminded me. It helped. Claire wrapped her arm around my shoulder, rubbing it. \"Sophie, you'll be at the hospital soon.\" CSCSCS We finally arrived at the hospital thirty minutes later. Despite everyone's assurances, traffic had taken a while to clear up. As we pulled up to the emergency room doors Charlie rushed outside along with a sable haired nurse in blue scrubs. She was pushing a wheelchair. \"What took so long?!\" he asked frantically. He look harried. \"We got stuck in traffic,\" I told him sitting in the wheelchair. As I sat I noticed that the nurse had a nametag clipped to her shirt that read \"Karen\". I looked up at him to see him taking calming breaths. Claire put a comforting hand on his shoulder. \"We're here now. Let's get inside.\" Charlie was by my side as I was pushed inside. Claire followed behind. Every once a while he would touch my hand or hair. I think he needed reassurance that I was there and doing okay; well as okay as you can be while in labor. While we were in the elevator I grabbed and squeezed Charlie's hand tightly when I felt more contraction pains. I was sure that I was hurting him but he never made a sound. When it was over I let go and saw that his skin was red where I squeezed. \"Sorry,\" I told him. He shook his hand and gave me a weak smile to show me that he wasn't mad. We reached the nurses station on the maternity ward. It was a circular desk. A red headed nurse was behind it. Charlie went up to her. \"My wife is in labor,\" he said loudly. The nurse looked at him then me. \"Name?\" \"Wyman,\" he answered. CSCSCS 14 and a half hours later... \"Okay Sophie you're close,\" Dr. Felton said. She was sitting at the foot of the bed wearing green scrubs. Her sandy brown hair was swept back in a ponytail. After Charlie had given the nurse our name I was taken to a room and given a blue hospital gown to put on. Claire left to give Lorenzo a call to tell him that I was in labor while Charlie helped me change and lay in bed. The nurse, Karen, came in and took my blood pressure and hooked me up to a fetal heart monitor so we could see Joseph's heart rate. I was also hooked up to another machine that showed spikes when I had a contraction. The contractions continued to hurt as the hours wore on. Ice chips helped as did breathing but I was glad when Dr. Felton said that I could have an epidural. The drug worked quickly and I'm sure that Charlie and Claire were just as relieved as I was when it did. \"How're you feeling?\" Charlie asked. He was sitting to my right. \"I'm ready to meet Joseph,\" I answered. Claire patted my left hand which was next to where she sat. \"So are we darling.\" \"Sophie,\" Dr. Felton said. I looked towards her. She smiled \"You're at ten centimeters.\" \"Is it time to push?\" She nodded. \"On the next contraction I want you to start pushing, okay?\" \"Okay,\" I answered. It only took a couple minutes for the pressure to mount signaling a contraction. They had been coming closer and closer together in the last couple hours. As the pressure subsided a bit I grabbed both Charlie's and Claire's hand and began to push. Soon Dr. Felton patted my foot. \"You can relax for a moment.\" I let out the breath that I was holding while I pushed and looked at Charlie. His expression was pained but he was trying to hide it. I immediately let go of his hand. \"Sorry,\" I said guiltily. He took my hand in his and relaxed his face, giving me a small, tight smile. \"Doesn't the epidural help her at all when she pushes?\" he asked addressing Dr. Felton. \"She'd probably feel worse if she didn't have it,\" she answered. Charlie frowned at that. \"Charlie…\" Claire said. \"She has to push the baby out. It's not always pleasant.\" \"I wish she didn't have to be in so much pain,\" he told her. \"I'm right here,\" I reminded them. They were speaking as if I wasn't in the room. I glanced to my left. \"Claire, did I hurt you?\" \"No, darling. I can take it,\" she answered soothingly. \"Are you ready to push again?\" Dr. Felton asked. Before I could respond, I saw Charlie's pained and worried expression. I gave him a small smile then turned to the doctor. \"I am.\" \"Okay, push!\" I took a deep breath then pushed with all my might. I then rested for a minute and pushed again. \"The baby is crowning,\" Dr. Felton stated happily. \"Does he have any hair?\" I asked her. \"Maybe some blonde fuzz.\" I smiled at that. \"Okay, push again.\" I did as Dr. Felton said and soon I heard a cry. I was now officially a mother! Dr. Felton held up our son. \"It's a boy,\" she said unnecessarily. After they cleaned and weighed him, Joseph was placed in my arms. He did have some blonde fuzz on top of his head. I couldn't believe that this tiny creature came from me! He was so helpless and I knew that I would never let anything harm him ever. \"Wow, we made that,\" Charlie said in awe. Now that Joseph was born and we were both doing well his worry had dissipated. I smiled at him. \"I know. I can't believe it either.\" He leaned over and brushed a quick kiss across my lips. \"He's handsome,\" Claire said proudly. \"He is isn't he?\" I asked as I held him. Joseph was sucking on my index finger as we spoke. Claire stood and kissed my cheek. \"I'm going to call Lorenzo.\" I nodded. Charlie got up and opened the door for her. She patted his cheek tenderly before leaving. \"Is there any water in that pitcher?\" I asked indicting a yellow pitcher that sat on the counter on the wall in front of me. Charlie walked over and peered inside of it. \"No, just ice chips…Oh…\" \"Charlie? What is it?\" He looked at me sheepishly. \"When Gran called and told me you were in labor I rushed out of the store so quickly and I forgot your ice cream.\" I laughed. \"And you just remembered?' He nodded. \"It's probably melted by now. Still want some water?\" \"Yes.\" \"All right. I'll be right back.\" He picked up the pitcher and left the room. When the door closed I looked down at my son. \"Well little one I'm sure we're in for a wild ride with each other.\" \"Would you have it any other way?\" Charlie asked. He came in the room and after filling a cup with water sat down next to me again. \"No, would you?\" \"With you, life has always been an adventure,\" he answered. He gently took Joseph from my arms and handed me the cup which I drank happily. \"What do you think Joey?\" he asked our infant. Joseph made a small noise that sounded like a burp. Charlie and I both laughed. We were in for an adventure of a lifetime and I would enjoy every minute of it.[Chapter 6] A/N I would like to thank my wonderfull co author hippogriff-tamer for all of her help with the chapater I own nothing. 17 years later... My hand shook as I thought about what I was heading upstairs to do. I wasn't usually nervous about seeing my father even when he was working in his home office, which he was currently. My father, Charlie Wyman, was a London attorney and though he worked long hours he always welcomed mum and me if we wanted to talk to him. I usually tried to leave him alone unless it was something important. To me what I was about to ask him was. When I approached the door he was sitting at his desk with his back towards me phone to his ear. I tapped my knuckles lightly on the door to get his attention. He turned and held up his index finger upon seeing me. I could see that he was wearing gray pants along with a blue shirt. \"Rick, it's too late to call today but I will first thing tomorrow morning,\" he said to the person on the other line. Rick was dad's boss. \"I'll do that. See you tomorrow,\" he said hanging up. He looked at me. \"Joe what can I do for you?\" \"Dad... Can I ask you about something?\" He motioned for me to continue. I took a deep breath. \"See there's this girl, Maggie, whom I really like and I was thinking about asking her to prom but I don't know how. So I was wondering if you had any advice you could give to me.\" \"Maggie? The little redheaded girl with pigtails that you used to play with at the park?\" \"Yes but she's not so little anymore,\" I answered feeling my face warm as images of her womanly curves came to mind. Dad smiled obviously catching my red face. \"Well the last time you two played together at the park you were seven or eight years old.\" \"We're both seventeen now and she's almost as tall as Mum,\" I told him earnestly. \"And she doesn't have pigtails anymore.\" He nodded. \"So you want to ask her to prom?\" \"Yes. We've hung out with friends before but never by ourselves except for when we are working on the history project together and Maggie…she's so smart, kind, and funny though she doesn't realize it. And she has this way of wrinkling her nose when she's considering a question.\" Dad's eyes were alight with mirth. \"Does she know you like her?\" \"I don't believe so and when I get up the nerve to say something I become all tongue-tied. Did that ever happened to you?\" \"I think that happens to anyone when they like someone,\" he answered. \"So if I get tongue-tied how will I be able to ask Maggie to prom?\" \"I think the key is to just be yourself and ask her. Talk to her as you would your other friends or your mother and I.\" \"Did you do that when you asked Mum out?\" \"Not exactly. When I first met your mother she was engaged to another...\" I nodded having heard the story of how my parents met from my great-grandmother. \"And ours wasn't a conventional courtship but everything worked out in the end,\" he added after seeing my nod. \"Do you think it'll work out for me?\" I asked apprehensively. \"You'll never know if you don't try.\" \"Thanks Dad,\" I said before taking a few steps towards the door. \"Now all I have to do is ask her and learn how to dance.\" \"I can't help you with the dancing,\" Dad said from behind me. I turned to him my eyes wide in surprise. I didn't think he would hear the last line. \"It's okay...\" I said overcoming my surprise. He waved that off. \"But your mum might be able to help.\" \"Mum?!\" He nodded. \"She used to take ballet classes when she was younger and should be better at teaching you.\" I was slightly confused. I thought that Gram had given him dance lessons when he was younger. \"I just think that since you want to learn how to dance with a young woman that another woman would be a better teacher,\" he explained noticing my confusion. I nodded. That was a sensible reason. I left him in his office and headed downstairs. Upon reaching the last step I heard the rustling of paper. The den was near the stairs so making a quick decision, I walked into it and found my mum, Sophie, sitting in her favorite white chair reading a newspaper. She was wearing a pair of black yoga pants that she liked to don when she was relaxing and beige sweater. Mum wrote articles for different publications. \"I can't believe you still like reading the paper when you can get the same information on any computer or phone,\" I said aloud. She closed the paper. \"I happen to like reading print news.\" \"I know.\" \"Did you come in here to just critique my literary habits?\" she asked in a tone akin to teasing. \"No,\" I answered in chagrin. \"Actually I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment.\" Mum placed the paper between her leg and the chair. \"Sure, sweetie. What's on your mind?\" \"Well, I was just taking to dad…\" \"About what?\" she asked curiously. \"Prom is coming up in a month and I want to ask Maggie to it and I went to dad for advice.\" \"Maggie? Maggie Stevenson?\" \"Yes.\" She smiled a knowing smile; the kind of smile parents give when something they thought to be true was affirmed. \"What can I help you with?\" \"I don't know how to dance,\" I admitted. \"And I was wondering if you could maybe teach me a few steps so I know what I'm doing.\" She raised her eyebrow. \"Isn't it a little presumptuous to have dance lessons before you even ask her?\" \"I like to stay hopeful because the alternative is unimaginable.\" She shook her head but smiled again. \"You remind me of…\" \"You,\" I finished. \"Yes.\" \"So will you help me?\" I asked sure that her answer would be \"yes\". I just wish I could be as positive about what Maggie would say but I wasn't. Mum nodded and I smiled in relief? Happiness? I don't know why it would be in relief because I knew what her answer was but I guess I was just glad that she didn't pepper me with more questions. Mum could be quite inquisitive at times. She stood. \"So you just want to learn some basic steps?\" I nodded. \"I don't think there'll be any waltzes.\" \"There weren't any at mine,\" she commented absently. \"You went to your prom?\" \"Yes my senior year in high school with my first boyfriend. His name was Kyle.\" That sounded like a cliché answer but I let it slide. \"He bought me a corsage with red roses in it because he knew I liked those flowers…\" she added before seeing something in my expression. I was listening but didn't know how to respond. \"Want to get started?\" she asked changing the subject. \"Okay.\" \"Help me move these chairs,\" she said indicating her favorite chair and the one next to it. I pushed her chair towards the nearest wall. As I started pushing the second chair Mum spoke. \"You should get Maggie a corsage when you take her to your prom.\" \"You think she'll say yes?\" \"I like to stay hopeful because the alternative is unimaginable,\" she told me echoing the words I had spoken earlier. I didn't say anything to her as I moved the chair to the wall. We then moved the sofa and coffee table to the side so that there was nothing in the middle of the room. Mum motioned me to stand opposite her in the newly emptied space. \"Usually when two people dance the guy places his right hand on the girl's waist and takes her right hand in his left.\" As she spoke she took my hands and placed them in the according positions. \"And her left hand would rest on his shoulder,\" she added, placing her left hand lightly on my shoulder. \"Okay what's next?\" \"Now take a step back…\" I did so and she followed, taking a step forward. \"And turn slightly…\" Again I did as she said and she turned following me. \"Now move forward and I'll move my foot back…\" \"Okay,\" I said. She scrunched her face when I stepped on her toes. \"Sorry,\" I immediately told her. \"It's okay. Let's try that again.\" We continued moving around with the steps which got easier after my first misstep. We had just turned again when the doorbell rang. We stopped the lesson and I told her that I would see who was at the door. She nodded in acquiescence. I opened the door to see Maggie standing there. She was wearing jeans and a red sweater with something white peeking out at the bottom. Her curly hair framed her face. Green eyes peeked out from behind dark framed glasses which sat atop her nose. \"Maggie,\" I uttered surprised. She smiled affably. \"Hi Joe.\" I was happy to see her but unsure of what she was doing outside my door. I started to ask but she beat me to it. \"I thought that you might need this,\" she said reaching into her jean pocket and producing a small black rectangular object-a flash drive. \"Um thanks,\" I said reaching for it. As my fingers brushed hers I tried to ignore the butterflies that started flapping in my stomach and the increase of my heart beat. \"You left it on the table when we were working earlier.\" Her voice sounded a bit funny as she watched me. I tried to calm myself by taking a breath. \"You could've given it to me tomorrow in class.\" She shrugged. \"I texted you earlier to ask you if you needed it but you never answered so I thought that I could just walk up the street and hand it to you.\" \"Sorry I left my phone in my room,\" I told her abashedly. She snorted. \"That's a helpful place to keep it. What if aliens were attacking and someone tried to warn you by calling?\" I chuckled. \"As unlikely as an alien attack would be wouldn't they take out cell and internet services first? That's what they do in books and movies.\" \"You're right,\" Maggie stated after wrinkling her nose while considering my question. I couldn't help but smile at that especially since by doing so her freckles showed more prevalently. I thought her freckles were cute. \"Aren't I usually right?\" She rolled her eyes as she pushed my shoulder playfully. \"Whatever.\" Her touch was warm where she touched me even through my jacket. We just stood there smiling at each other for a few minutes until she said, \"Well I should probably get back home…\" I put a hand on her arm to stop her before she could leave. It took me a moment to realize what I had done. I was never this brazen and it took me a moment to form any words. \"Let me walk you.\" My voice stuttered a bit as I spoke. \"You don't have to…\" \"I insist,\" I said my voice sounding more normal. \"Okay.\" I didn't know if it was my imagination or not but I though I saw her grin. \"Just wait here a second…\" I told her. She nodded and I went inside to get my coat. I then closed the door and we walked side by side down the driveway. We were both quiet as we started down the sidewalk. \"So...\" I began as she started saying \"So\" as well. We both laughed. \"Go ahead,\" I told her. Maggie smiled. \"So this weekend the guys are going to the new burger place…\" The guys were our group of friends that we usually hung out with. \"Are you going to go?\" She nodded. \"I thought that it would be a nice celebration for finishing our War of the Roses project.\" Our history project had been on the War of the Roses, a series of battles for the English throne in the 1400's. \"It would. I hear the new restaurant has excellent burgers.\" \"Are you going?\" she asked me. \"I can't. We're going to Italy for a family thing.\" She frowned. In disappointment? \"One of my great grandfather's granddaughters is getting married,\" I said shrugging. \"Oh that sounds fun.\" \"Not really. I have to get dressed up and be an usher.\" By this point we had reached Maggie's house. It was a white two story house. When we reached the front door Maggie leaned up and kissed my cheek. I was stunned to say the least. She smiled shyly bellying the bold move she just made. \"Thank you for walking me home. You didn't have to.\" \"I couldn't let the aliens get you if they attacked,\" I answered trying to let my voice sound as shaky as it felt. She rolled her eyes but was still smiling. \"I'll see you…\" She was getting ready to turn. For some reason a bout of courage soared through me so I decided that now would be a good time to ask her out. \"Wait, before you go can I ask you something?\" She looked back at me. \"Sure.\" \"Will you go to prom with me?\" I simply asked deciding to use Dad's advice. She just stared at me with wide eyes for a moment. My heart which was beating rapidly suddenly stopped thinking that she would say no and that I was stupid to have asked. I glanced down at my shoes. I only looked up when I felt her hand on my arm. \"You want to go to prom with me?\" she asked softly almost disbelievingly. I nodded. \"Why?\" I could have answered that I wanted to go with her because she was beautiful, kind and intelligent but I went with \"You're fun to be with.\" \"Oh,\" she stated. \"And because you're kind and intelligent and I like being with you and I just know that you'll be a kick ass dancer,\" I said letting the words that I had previously only thought slip through my mouth. Her expression brightened and she laughed. \"So will you go with me?\" \"Yes.\" JMJMJM I don't recall the walk home after Maggie went inside. I was just so elated at her saying yes. The month between then and prom flew by and the next thing I knew we were dancing our final dance. \"Where did learn to dance?\" Maggie asked me. She was currently laying her head on my shoulder her face close to my neck, her arms hugging me to her. My arms were entwined around her waist under my tux jacket. She was shivering a little earlier so I had taken off the jacket and placed it around her shoulders like I've seen guys do in the movies Mum liked to watch. I couldn't blame her for being cold since her shoulders were bare in a strapless purple dress and the room was a bit chilly. \"My Mum,\" I answered breathing in the fruity scent on her hair. \"Mmm…remind me to thank her.\" As she spoke her warm breath hit my neck making my skin tingle. \"Thank her,\" I repeated softly enjoying the feel of her close to me. I didn't know why Maggie wanted to thank my mum. She never taught me to dance like this. \"For you and this wonderful night.\" She nuzzled into my neck making my pulse jump. I blew out a shaky breath. \"I like to think I had something to do with this night.\" She picked up her head so that she could look at me and smiled. \"You did.\" Her tongue then swept across her lips and my eyes followed its path. When my eyes returned to hers I found that she was looking at my mouth. I don't know who moved first but soon my lips were brushing against hers. She let out a sigh and pulled me closer to put more pressure on my lips. That pressure caused my head to swim and funny things to happen to my insides. I eagerly returned the favor by pressing my lips more firmly to hers. \"Wow,\" I murmured once we parted for air, feeling dazed. Maggie looked exactly how I felt with her eyes glazed over and a small smile alighting her face. My lips still tingled from the kiss and without thought I touched them. She mimicked my movement and I could see her smile grow. I could also see the light purple wrist corsage on her right arm that I got her to match her dress. The night was almost over but as I stood there looking at the young woman I knew I was falling for, I knew that this wouldn't be our last night together like this. There'd be more dates. I also knew that I was grateful for listening to my parents words of advice. ","Summary":" A/N I would like to ounce again thank my great friend hippogriff-tamer for all of her help with the"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Matt Stifler after Band Camp","Author":"EYDF-Thomas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2750098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This storyrntakes place after American Pie presents Band Camp. Matt Stifler isrnnow in his senior and final year at East Great Fall High. It was thernstart of the second semester at East Great Falls High and Matt wasrnlimping into his first class. Why was he limping you may ask, wellrnthat was because in the last few weeks of the football season herninjured his right knee, and really stupidly continued to play on it.rnJust before the playoffs began his mother had noticed it and insteadrnthat she take him to the hospital to get it looked at. He had x –rnrays done of it but they found nothing seriously wrong at that point.rnThey just told him to ice it and wrap it with a tensor bandage. He ofrncourse did this but at the same time continued to play on it. On thernlast play of the championship game he really messed it up bad when herndove into the end zone to make a two point conversion; he feltrnsomething inside his knee pop and was in intense pain. It was nowrnabout three weeks since it happened the swelling had gone down a lotrnbut he was still in a lot of pain. At least he had an MRI scheduled arnfew hours after school let out and he would finally find out what hernhad done to his knee. Other thenrnthe limp there was something else different about Matt; he no longerrnhad his entourage of football players and cheerleaders with him. Truernhe had helped East Great Falls High win the championship but hisrn\"friends\" were no longer speaking to him after he told them herndeleted the hidden camera footage from band camp. They had left himrnbecause he had a change in heart. The last couple of months had beenrnreally hard for him as he literally had no one to talk to as he soonrnfound out he never had any \"real friends\" in high school. Hernbecame really depressed and spent a lot of time alone. He eventuallyrngot so depressed that he looked up Mr. Levenstein in the phonernbook just to talk to someone, he was extremely nice to him even afterrnall the crap he had to put up with him at band camp that summer. Herneven helped him find a psychiatrist to talk to, which Matt foundrnreally helpful. When hernhad first gone to the psychiatrist he told him about how ever sincernhe started high school he had been a real asshole to people becauserneveryone there just thought of him being Steve Stifler's littlernbrother, he was never just Matt to anyone. He could never be himselfrnwith any of his friends. He felt that he had never been himself sincernhis dad left when he was 12 (authors note they never state in any ofrnthe movies when the Stiflers got divorced). He also told him that hernhad begun a downward spiral to become something that he ended uprnhating, he became like his older brother. Sure it was fun at firstrntalking dirty to his friends and telling them really nasty stories,rnbut when it got to the point of putting others down he eventually gotrncompletely disgusted about it. He said that he could probably tracernhis change of person back to when he was in grade 8 when Steve andrnhis friends showed up at a school concert and laughed at him while hernplayed the bag pipes. After that he gave up playing them in public,rnwhen he went to high school part of him wanted to join the band, butrnevery time he thought about joining it and taking band class he heardrnhis brother's voice saying \"band is for pussies\". He had neverrnreally thought about how other people thought about him and hisrnbrother, until Mr. Levenstein had told him that \"Steve's friendsrnhad never really liked him all that much\", until that moment Mattrnhad always idolised Steve and wanted to be exactly like him. Hernthought about how stupid he had been trying to shoot a porno at bandrncamp just to impress the asshole that was is brother. He actuallyrnbroke down and started crying in the psychiatrist's office. Any way itrnwas a new semester and time for the world to see just who MattrnStifler really was, to show them that he was not the littlernStifmister. He wanted to leave that ass hole behind him, and start arnclean slate which wouldn't be to easy for him as he had developedrnquite the reputation in school. He needed to prove to himself that herndidn't have to live in his brother's shadow anymore, after all hernwas more then just Steve Stifler's little brother he was MattrnStifler. He walked slowly to his first class of the day with hisrnbackpack slung over his shoulders and carrying a medium sized case withrnhim. He was about 5 minutes late for class but that was ok as he hadrnbeen in the guidance office finalizing the changes to his timetable.rnHe slowly got up the courage to knock on the door to the classroom,rnthe teacher got up to see who it was, and let him inside to the…[Chapter 2] He slowlyrngot up the courage to knock on the door to the classroom, the teacherrngot up to see who it was, and let him inside to the … ... Bandrnroom, yes that's right Matt Stifler was joining the band for realrnthis time. He walked to the front of the class room with the teacher.rnEveryone there was staring at him wondering why is he here? The bandrnteacher then turned to the class and said \"Today we have a newrnstudent joining us. Now normally we don't allow students to joinrnthis class without taking band previous, I have however made anrnexception in Matt's case as he came and auditioned for me. I havernto say I was greatly impressed as I have never heard someone playrnAngel of Harlem on the bagpipes before.\" The classrnall looked at Matt, considering him and still wondering why he wasrnthere. Thernteacher continued speaking saying that Matt wanted to tell them a fewrnthings, he then took a seat off to the side of the class room andrnmotioned for Matt to come to the front. Matt whornwas leaning on a shelf under the blackboard for support, slowlyrnlimped towards the teachers podium and put his bag and case down. Hernthen looked towards the class and said \"You're probably wonderingrnwhy I'm here, and I completely understand it, as I'm still tryingrnto figure it out myself. I'm standing here before you a differentrnMatt Stifler then the one you know. I'm standing here as MattrnStifler, not as \"the Stifmister\" or Steve Stifler's littlernbrother. First of all I want to tell you that I am really sorry forrnall the stupid things I have ever done to anyone in the past and Irnespecially want to say I'm sorry for what I did at band camp. Irnalso want to say that I don't expect to be forgiven for it. Afterrnall I betrayed people I started to think of as friends. Yes I'mrnsaying you were friends, but not in the same sense as my old friendsrnwho were friends of \"the Stifmister\" and not Matt. You guys onrnthe other hand got to see part of what the real Matt Stifler is. Atrnfirst I stated just pretending to fit in, just playing around withrnyou guys to gain your trust. Then when Brandon Vandecamp accepted myrnchallenge I thought I could just fool around and get him to think Irnwasn't worth the effort and just quit. I ended up being wrong so Irnran off at first I stated to pull out my bags to pack up to leavernwhen I pulled out my bagpipes and thought maybe I can beat him withrnthese. He stoppedrnspeaking for a couple of minutes to readjust his position as his kneernwas sating to bother him. He looked around at everyone and they werernall looking at him still puzzled to why he was here. He continuedrn\"After I retuned from band camp I started looking through thernhidden camera footage that I had on a portable hard drive, and Irnstarted to think about how you guys all trusted me and I broke thatrntrust by shooting that shit, so I deleted it all. On the first day ofrnclass in September everyone asked me to see it and I told them that Irndeleted it. After that they stopped hanging around me and I found Irnwas spending more time alone then I was used to. I started doing somernsoul searching and tried to find out who I really was. With the helprnof Mr. Levenstein and a psychiatrist I figured out that I am nothingrnlike my older brother and that I was stupid to try and be like him. Irnrealised that I never really had any true friends that I could talkrnto and tell them how I felt.\" Matt then looked at the class againrnsome of them were shaking there heads or had looks of disgust onrnthere faces. But there was one person that had what looked like arnlook of pity on her face. It was Elyse who walked over to him andrnhanded him a tissue and said \"here use this to dry your eyes.\" Then she did something that nether of them expected she hugged him.rnWhen the two of them separated everyone saw something that they hadrnnever seen before Matt Stifler smiling and not at some prank he hadrnjust pulled but smiling because he was happy. Happy to be accepted byrnsomeone in his life, which up until now had been pretty bad. Theyrnwalked over to where the rest of the class was sitting, Matt caringrnhis backpack and Elyse caring the case contained his bagpipes.rnSeveral people put up there hands as they all had questions for Matt.[Chapter 3] It had been a year since Elyse had graduated from Robard's and she was visiting a cousin of hers from Ann Arbour Michigan, since she was an alumnus of Michigan University she had also invited her to come to a football game that afternoon. They had gotten up early at the instance of Julie to see the band go through there morning practice, When they arrived, the first thing that Elyse herd was the sound of bagpipes warming up, she immediately thought of Matt challenging Brandon Vander Camp at Tall Oaks Band Camp. She thought there was no way that Matt would be playing in a band, after all he hated band, true he had joined them for his last year at East Great Falls High and he did admit to them that he did have fun at band camp even though he did attempt to use them to shoot a porno. Somewhere in the back of her mind she always wondered what had happened to him she still had his cell phone number stored in her phone, not that she ever called him or even texted him, it was just there and she never really thought about why she kept it. They then made their way to a set of bleachers as they watched the band take up their position to run through their entry into Michigan stadium that everyone called \"the big house\". They marched onto the practice field in a double time step well the drummers kept time, as they marched in they formed several lines across the field that had the same markings as the one in the big house. Julie also told Elyse that the field had the same turf as the one in the big house so the band could get used to it and be comfortable at the same time. She also told them that they used to practice on a parking lot which caused the band to have a lot of foot and leg injuries from practicing on a hard surface. As they sat and watched the band go through the M fanfare and .a chorus of \"hail to the Victors\" , Elyse turned to Julie and asked her who the guy with the bagpipes was, at that exact moment the band stopped playing all except for the bagpiper who went off into a chorus of \"play that funky music\" and the drum major or Man up front as he's called in the Michigan Marching Band yelled out \"Stifler will you cut fooling around we are not doing that right now.\" The Bagpiper stopped playing and marched over to him and said \"sorry just got carried away.\" The two of them had a few words privately well Elyse turned to Julie and said \"the bagpipers name is Stifler?\" Julie then said \"yeah it's his last name, I think his first name is Matt, but everyone just calls him Stifler, he's been here for two years now, last year me and the other section chiefs' got the music department to allow him to be his own section rather than be under the woodwinds like he was in first year. He spent a year in Scotland learning to play the bagpipes or something like that.\" Elyse smiled and thought to herself so Matt has grown up a bit and joined a band. Well she was thinking this, The band stared going through the half time show it stared out with them playing Mumbo number 5 and getting interrupted by Matt playing Funky music again, this time it got made to look like he was being thrown off the field. He then picked up a microphone, turned to the band and said \"ok guys Hey Baby from the top\" He then began singing it well marching around the field avoiding the man up front. By the end of it the two of them were singing it together. After that the band went through some more marching drill as Elyse saw Matt marching down the field she remembered that time at band camp when she had to teach him how to do it and now he seemed like he had been doing it for years now. She turned to Julie and said \"so has Matt ever told you about the time at Band camp where he challenged someone and ended up winning it.\" Julie then looked at her and said \"wait Stifler went to band camp? And you know him?\" Elyse nodded and said \"oh yeah Matt and I are from the same small town when he was in junior high he used to be in the band until his older brother made fun of him. After that he didn't really have much respect for band, he used to pull pranks on us in high school. He got caught when we were playing at the grad one year and as punishment he got sent to band camp. Well he was there I made him play the triangle.\" Julie locked at her and laughed and said \"you made him play the triangle? But you knew he played the bagpipes.\" Elyse nodded and said \"I did but I didn't know that he had them with him and he hadn't played them in years. Anyway one time when I was teaching him the various positions I accidently hit him with a trumpet and he bit his lip. At the same time this jerk from another school came up and started making fun of me, Matt stepped up and started defending me and challenged the other guy. Matt thought it was going to be a fight instead of a competition. At first Matt started goofing off with the triangle hopping that the other guy would just quit, which he didn't, Matt ended up walking away. I kind of felt sorry for him for a second until he came back playing funky music on his bagpipes. Our whole band started singing along as we knew at that moment we had won, or more importantly Matt had won something for us.\" After she finished telling the story Elyse looked up and saw the band getting ready to leave, she saw Matt pull his cell phone out of his bag to check and see if he had any new messages, she then pulled out hers and dialed his number. She watched as he looked at the number and she hung up, before he could answer, she then wondered if he would call back. Just as she was thinking that her phone rang and the call display said Matt Stifler. Elyse answered it and said \"hey what's up?\" Matt then asked \"who is this, your voice sounds familiar?\" \"Well it should I did give you your first marching lessons this one time at band camp and I have to say you've improved a lot since then.\" \"Lysie?\" he said as he looked around. Elyse stood up and waved, Matt hung up his phone as he walked over to them with his bagpipes over his left shoulder. When he approached them Elyse looked at his bagpipes and commented \"nice pipes\" with a laugh. Matt laughed and said \"yeah I kind of had to get new ones as my old ones were just a training set.\" Elyse then said \"you actually look good in a kilt, a lot better than the last time I saw you in one.\" Matt laughed at that and said \"yah wearing one too small for you isn't such a good idea. This one was actually custom made for me in the Michigan colours of Blue and Maze so it matches with the rest of the band's uniforms\" Elyse then went and hugged him, he also hugged her back and said \"it's actually pretty cool seeing you here and then you calling me out of the blue like that was crazy. How'd you get my number?\" She smiled at him and said \"I've had it for awhile, ever since you gave it to me in seventh grade. I've just kept it even in the times that we didn't have anything to say to each other. Then walking by here and hearing you play the Bagpipes made me think of it and just wonder if it was still you're number?\" Matt said \"yeah I just never wanted to change it the only time I've ever had a different number was when I spent a year in Scotland studding the Great Highland Pipe with a pipe master I met up with when I went to Europe after High School. I decided to take some time off and find myself. I was in Scotland during the Edinburgh festival and went to see the Tattoo at the castle one night. The pipers all impressed me a lot and I got to talking to a gentleman whose son was in one of the Bands and he was telling me how he had taught him to play. I ended up telling him that I played them a little, I didn't give him all the details then. He then asked me if I had any plans to peruse the bagpipes. I told him that I hadn't really thought of it much and I stared to tell him a little bit more. He laughed at some of my stories and then asked me if I would like to join him and his wife for dinner. Anyway during that evening over a glass of whiskey that he instead that I have I ended up deciding to return to his place after the summer and learn how to play the pipes even better than I did before.\" As he told her this Elyse couldn't help wonder what made him change so much. Matt then went on to tell her how the first thing he had done once he returned was to get a new set of pipes made from African Black wood and from there he spent most of the year with that man learning how to play the pipes, he also had ended up meeting his son who was a piper in the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards. As Matt was about to continue Julie let him know that the band was leaving the field. Matt then turned to them and said \"sorry I got to go get ready for the game. I'll give you a call after and we can maybe catch up some more.\" Julie then said that they need to get to Revelli Hall for the step show. Once they got there the Drum line had already set up and where just beginning the show. They saw they go through a number of songs before they came to the closing part of the show with their signature pieces \"Temptation\" and \"the Hawaiian War Chant\". After the drummers had finished the doors to Revelli Hall opened and Matt stepped out of them onto the steps. He stood there alone in a combination of a traditional bagpipers dress along with the bands uniform. He had on his kilt and a piper's sporran, which had extra long horse hair tassels on it, with a pair of black boots with spats on them just like the rest of the band, wore. He also wore the Blue Jacket with white on the back and a Maze shield on the front. And a small cape on the right shoulder, in addition he also wore a pipers belt over his right shoulder just under the cape. On his left shoulder he had a plaid which looked like a long decorative scarf in the same pattern as his kilt. The drones of his bagpipes lay against his left shoulder. The silverwork on them caught the sun as he played a short pipe lament. The rest of the band then came out and took up there postpositions for the inspection by the man up front, as Matt and the drum line began playing a combination of the Black Bear and Scotland the brave. Matt then made his way to the front of the band and stood between them and the man up front. After the inspection the band then made their way out onto Hover Street well the drummers sounded a cadence that kept everyone in time. The band members also starred a chant of \"Go Michigan, beat the Boilermakers, It's Great to be a Michigan Wolverine\" as well as chants of its \"It's all about the Blue Baby\". During the march to the stadium Matt took up a position behind just behind the flag bearers. Unlike the rest of the band that carried their instrument in front of them Elyse noticed that he kept the drones of his bagpipes against his shoulder. Julie explained to her that that was the ready position for bagpipes as they are awkward to carry in any other way. They then took a short cut to the stadium so they could be there for the band's entrance into the stadium. Once they were inside they saw the members of the band that weren't in the main performance black make their way into the stadium. Just after the Purdue All American marching band left the field the Drum major for the Michigan Band singled to the announcer that the band was ready. All eyes were then drawn to the tunnel that was the only entrance to the field. The booming voice of the stadium announcer was then heard to say \"and now Ladies and Gentlemen, presenting the Michigan Marching band! Band, take the field!\" The band then marched out onto the field and formed lines of various lengths; they then unfold to from a large sold black letter \"M\" while they played the M fanfare. The announcer then announced the Michigan twirlers and then the man up front who did a sprint down to the 20 yard line on the north end of the stadium to do the signature back bend. Next the band then retuned back into their lines as they made their way down the field at the same time the man up front marched towards the north end goal post where he tossed his mace over the gaol post and caught it before running through the lines as the formed into a hollow block letter M. As they began to play The Victors the stadium announcer then said \"\"All the Maize and Blue faithful join in a rousing chorus of the Victors!\" As the band made its way down the field all of the Michigan fans in the stands began to sing along with the fight song. Once the band got to the south end they stopped playing the Victors and then played the Purdue fight song, which Julie explained to Elyse that it was a big 10 tradition for the bands to play the other teams fight song, in front of the visiting fans as a sign of respect. The band then made their way to the center of the stadium, once again in sweep lines well they played \"Varsity\" one of the old school fight songs that they used when they weren't in a western conference, and played \"let's go Blue\" to the four corners of the field. They then formed back into the solid M formation and split it to allow the football team to enter well they played the Victors again. After the team had entered the field the band once again closed up the M, well a guest conductor, conducted them in \"the Star Spangled Banner\". After that the drummers played the entry Candace again well the band made their way into the seats, in the student section. Matt ended up sitting across the aisle from Elyse, as he took his band hat off with its plume on it and put on a cap that he was handed, Elyse leaned over and tapped him on the leg and said \"Nice hat Stiffie.\" Matt looked over her and smiled and said \"which the one with the plume or this one?\" Elyse then said \"the one with the plume.\" Matt nodded and said \"yeah I like that one too.\" As the game went on the band would play things to get the crowed pumped up, whenever the Wolverines scored they played the Hawaiian War Chant. When Purdue scored the band sometimes stated a chant of \"you suck\". At half time the band made their way back onto the field for the half time show which ended up being a lot of fun in addition to getting the Michigan Marching Band man up front involved, Matt also got the Drum Major from the Purdue All American Marching band who happened to be Brandon Vander Camp. As he left the field Matt turned his back to him and lifted his kilt and shook his butt at him, well everyone laughed at it. Matt was actually wearing a pair of Michigan athletic shorts underneath mainly for that purpose and just in case the wind blew his kilt around. Once they got back into the stands again Elyse asked him about the stuff with Brandon. Matt told her that he was cool with it and he also told her that he had some stories to tell her later about it. The players then returned to the field. During the second half the Wolverines ended up dominating the score. Some of the members of the band started doing push ups like the Purdue band did mainly to make fun of them. Matt was the funniest with it by doing then well holding onto a railing in the stands well some other members of the band held his legs. Once the game was over and Michigan had won the game 70 – 21 the band once again took the field this time they played some of the numbers they had played during the half time show, they also had their hats turned backwards as that was their tradition to do when they won the game. After that the drum line came forward and played \"Temptation\" after that the announcer the said \"and now because you can't have one with the other\", the band then joined them in playing \"the Hawaiian War Chant\". After that was over the band made their way off the field to a drum cadence and \"Let's Go Michigan Lets' beat the Corn Huskers. It's Great to be a Michigan Wolverine\", and chants of \"It's all about the blue baby\". As they watched the band leave the field Julie explained to Elyse that it's the bands tradition to march out and sing about the next home game coming up. They then exited the \"big House\" and at Elyse's request they made their way back to Revelli Hall to try and meet up with Mat. On their way Elyse sent him a quick text asking if he had time to meet up with them once he had changed. Once Matt got back to Revelli Hall he picked up his phone and saw the message from Elyse and texted her back \"sure thing I'll meet you guys on the steps.\" Matt quickly changed his clothes and packed up his bagpipes and his kilts. He put on a pair of jeans and a Michigan Marching Band t shirt as well as hoodie as it was kind of cool out now. He met up with the two girls and asked them if they wanted to join him at his house before they grabbed something to eat. Once they got to the house Matt left his pipes in the living room and quickly hung up his kilts, plaid and piper's belt, the rest of his uniform was left to be clean by the band department with everyone else's uniform. Matt usually only had his kilts dry cleaned a couple of time a year. Matt then returned to the living room to clean and dry out his pipes well he caught up with Elyse. Elyse also asked him what he meant by having some stories about Brandon Vander Camp. Matt first told her about a time when they both meet again at Tall Oaks band camp. He told her about how they had invited both of them to put on a show for the other bands there. Matt then told them how well he was warming up someone came up to him and said \"what the hell are you doing here?\" Matt looked over and saw who it was and smiled at him and said \"I'm the piper for the Michigan marching band now what about you?\" Brandon then put out his hand and said \"congratulations then, I'm the drum Major now for the Purdue All American Marching band.\" Matt then congratulated him too and then jokingly suggested they should re-enact the challenge from last time. Brandon agreed to it and they actually did it the same way as they had done before complete with Matt playing the triangle. Elyse had a good chuckle at that story. Matt then told them about the time last year when the Man up front for Michigan got appendicitis the night before a game and he ended up asking Matt to cover for him for that week's game against Purdue. Matt told them about how Brandon came over and congratulated him on the job he did leading the band and playing the bagpipes. Elyse then asked him if he even did the backbend thingy. Matt said \"yup and I was glad I had shorts on under my kilt that day, the only thing I didn't do was wear the big hat and I only carried the Mace in the parade and for the opening marches on the field.\" Matt then told her about how he ended up in the hospital with appendicitis the next day. Elyse said she felt a little sorry for Matt and gave him a hug, and then he asked if she wanted to see his scar. He had a fairly small one just above the waist of his paints it was about an inch and a half long. Elyse asked him if she could touch it, Matt said yeah sure. Julie then asked why she never got to touch it, Matt jokingly said \"one you've never asked and two Lysie is kind of special.\" Matt then asked her if she was seeing anyone. Elyse told him that she wasn't at the moment.[Chapter 4] Well Matt was cleaning his pipes Elyse noticed how meticulous he was with them, Matt explained to her how the moisture from the air being blown into the bag and up through the drones and the chanter collects in them as well as the bag. Elyse also noticed something different about Matt; she noticed that he had braces on his teeth. When she asked him about that he told her that over the summer he had to get his wisdom teeth out and his dentist recommended he get braces after he had them out. Elyse than said \"that must have sucked\", Matt replied \"nah it wasn't too bad, the worst part about having them though is cutting my lip on them well playing the bagpipes, but I've found some good wax now that works for me with them. One thing that sucked though was in August I had to play at a funeral the day after I go them tightened for the first time, let's just say Tylenol became my next best friend that day as they asked me to do a number of pieces.\" Elyse then asked him a little more about that, Matt then told her about how the person that had passed away was a fried of his from the band's grandfather and was also a member of the Royal Scott's Dragoons, which Matt was an honorary member of. He told her about how he and a retired member along with some of his grandchildren that played drums had played a few pieces at the ceremony itself and also at the grave site too. Well Matt was cleaning the drones he pulled them out of the stocks as his middle Tenor Drone wasn't sounding right during the last quarter of the game as well he had been having some trouble with the bass drone earlier in the day. As he looked at them he saw that part of them had been damaged and he said \"dam it looks like I need some new drone reeds.\" Elyse then said \"can I join you in getting them?\" Matt smiled at her and said \"sure, did you guys park anywhere near by or should I just drive?\" Elyse said she had taken the bus into town and Julie had her car at home. So Matt lead them to the garage where he kept his car parked, it was a black and yellow Transformers edition Camero. Julie got into the back to let Elyse sit up front with Matt. Well they drove to the Music store Elyse asked Matt a little bit more about him getting braces and his wisdom teeth out. Matt told her about how he actually ended up spending time with Mr. Levanstien, Jim's Dad as his Mom had decided to go away somewhere just before he found out about it. Matt thought about back to the summer when he had gone to the dentist because he was having some pain in his Jaw. His Dentist had recommended that he see a dental surgeon about having his wisdom teeth removed. When Matt saw the dental surgeon he explained to him that would be putting him under for the surgery so he would need someone to accompany him. Since his mom was away and he didn't really trust Steve he went to the only other person he could think of Mr. Levenstein. He knocked on his door and explained to him the situation. He agreed to help Matt out and even offered him his son's old room to recover in, if he wanted it. Matt thanked him and gave him the date of his surgery. Mr. Levenstein agreed to pick him up at his house On the day of his surgery Matt packed a bag with his clothes as he would be staying at the Levenstein's house after it was done. Matt was kind of nervous about it, even though at this point he had already had two surgeries, his appendix and one on his knee during his first year. When he'd gotten his knee surgery the anesthesiologist actually let him knock himself out for it. Matt's surgery had gone well and Mr. Levenstein had helped him back into his car and also stopped to pick up the prescriptions Matt had been given. Matt spent most of that first day on the couch in the living room. Julie then asked why he didn't call his older brother. Matt then said \"Um Steve and I really don't get along to much, plus I wouldn't trust him to look after a plant let alone me when I'm not felling well.\" Julie shook her head and said \"he's your brother though, he must care for you.\" Matt then said \"yeah there was a time when he did it was mainly when I was younger and could help him get chicks.\" Elyse laughed at that and said \"Julie you have no idea what his brother is like, if you think Matt is wild then times that by 10.\" Matt then said \"yeah I'm only the junior Stifminster.\" Elyse smiled at that well Julie asked \"Stifminster? What's that?\" Matt then told him it was what his older brother Steve called himself as a sort of persona to try and get women and people to like him. \"It never really worked much for him and for me it just ended up with me being something I hated. It cost me some friendships and lost me some trust in people who got to see the real me.\" Julie then asked what he meant by that. Matt then said \"this one time I got sent to band camp and decided I would shoot a porno, at first I tried to blend in to get everyone trust so I could do it in secret, however they ended up trusting me even more and I sort of dropped the wall I put around myself and let them see the real me.\" Julie then asked \"so was this the same band camp that you challenged Brandon Vander Camp\" Matt nodded and said \"yeah at first I figured he would just give up and see me as just some dumb fuck who didn't have a clue what he was doing. He didn't so I went to plan B and pulled out my bagpipes.\" Elyse then said \"and showed off by playing Funky Music. I remember sitting there just thinking how embarrassing it was for us and then I saw you run off and Brandon being declared the victor, just as you started playing the bagpipes, At that point I knew Brandon should be shaking in his shoes.\" Matt then said \"yeah I put my whole hand on the table with that one; I figured that he couldn't top that one.\" Elyse then asked him if he saw any of the other band members from East Great Falls. Matt replied \"yeah one of the Tenor Sax players in the band is the guy, Ernie; I roomed with at band camp. He just joined us this year and during Band Week he came up to me and said \"you remind me of someone I roomed with this one time at band camp, are you by any chance Matt Stifler?\" I told him why yes I am. I asked him how he was and he asked me what I was doing there. So I opened up my bag on a table and said check out these babies. He then said \"you're in the band playing the bagpipes?\" I nodded and said \"hell Yeah I am.\" Elyse then said \"I didn't see him today was he playing?\" Matt said \"no he wasn't in today's performance block; first years don't usually get to perform with the band a lot, mainly because we like them to have some more experience and gradually bring them in. Unlike me since I'm the only bagpiper in the band I'm always in the performance block. It's actually pretty rough sometimes, but it's always cool when we get to play somewhere else too. Bowl games are some of the most fun especially because the night before the game you usually have the two bands meet somewhere in the city hosting the game and play the battle of the bands.\" Julie then asked \"what would your brother think of you being in the band?\" Matt then said \"Band is for pussies, and that it's a waste of time. That's what Steve would have to say about it. Although who knows now, although I did get an e-mail from him asking if I can get him and his new girlfriend tickets. I noticed that she had also been included in the e-mail too and sent back a reply to them both saying only if you guys visit me as well as go to the game. So who knows?\" The three of them went into the music store where Matt was able to get some new drone reeds as well as some hemp string to tighten up the joints in the drones, as they were loosening up a little bit. After that Matt turned to Elyse and said \"hey Lysie you want to grab something to eat? Julie you can join us too.\" Elyse smiled and said \"yeah sounds good where shell we go?\" Matt looked over at a pizza place and said \"that one looks good.\" Over dinner Matt and Elyse shared some more of their stories about band camp. Matt also told the one about how he got tricked into drinking spit from a soda can, and how he got Brandon back for it by empting out his sunscreen and replacing it with \"Stiffie Juice\". They all had a laugh about that one well Matt described Brandon actually rubbing it on himself. Elyse then said to Matt \"so do you still brag about all the girls you've scored with?\" Matt looked at her and said \"nah I don't really do that shit anymore, I'm not like Steve. That stuff cost me friendships that I didn't know I had. The people who I hung out with in high school abandoned me when I realised that that stuff hurt others.\" Elyse leaned over and hugged him and said \"I know how hard that last year of High School was on you, and one thing you did for me that I still need to repay you for is helping me get the scholarship.\" Matt smiled at her and said \"simple write me a bagpipe part.\" Elyse laughed at that and said \"maybe I should write something for the whole band well I'm at it.\" Matt then said \"if you want I can put you in touch with the head of the band department, who know he might let you, write something for us, as were always trying out new things, especially during Band O' Rama during the winter months.\" Well they were eating Julie asked Mat a little bit more about Steve as she had never really asked him much about his family. At the same time Matt never really talked about his family much. Matt then told her how Steve was about 5 years older them him and when their parents got divorced their Dad just left them with their Mom and continued to pay child support, but never really had any contact with them. Matt also explained how Steve never really dealt with the divorce and just sort of tried to hook up with every woman he saw. Julie then asked him if Steve had ever done anything for Matt. Matt thought about that for a minute and said \"yeah just after Mom and Dad separated I got leukemia, Steve was 13 and I was 8. After my first round of chemo I still wasn't in remission and my doctors decided I need a bone marrow transplant. Steve ended up being my best match. Mom almost had to drag him in to the hospital for it. I never really talked to him much about it as I was feeling like shit at the time and I've never really wanted to bring it up with him.\" Julie then said \"wow so he saved your life then.\" Matt then said \"yeah I guess he kind of did. Another thing he did was he did come to my 21st birthday bash I had in March, although he did get me more drunk then I wanted too.\" Julie then said \"wait he was there, that night?\" Matt then said \"yeah he was the one who showed up with like six bottles of alcohol and poured them into the blender with a banana and some ice.\" \"So he's the one that got you so drunk you ended up praying to the god of porcelain?\" Julie asked. Matt nodded and said \"yeah I think seeing me doing that brought back some memories for him as he just left after that. Again I don't really talk with him much. I know he's my brother it's just we don't really get along to well together.\" After they had finished up Julie was about to divide the bill up when Matt said \"it's on me,\" then they heard a small metallic click as his Black Amex hit the table. Julie looked at it and said \"what's that?\" Matt then said \"my Amex Centurion card, aka a black Amex. My Mum's loaded and when I went away after High School she gave me one and said as long as I pay the bill she'll pay any of the fees for it.\" Julie picked it up to look at it and said \"this is a credit card; it looks like a piece of metal?\" Matt then said \"it's titanium actually. Like the screws I have in my knee.\" When the waitress came with the bill she looked at the card that Matt handed her at first she seemed a little suspicious of it until he told her it was an American Express card. She then took it and ran it through the machine and came back with the bill for Matt to sign. Matt also left a tip in cash. Julie then asked him if Steve had one too, Matt said \"nah he didn't want one so Mom never gave him one, plus Steve has never left America, except some trips to Canada. Whereas I was actually born in Canada, raised in Minnesota until I was four and then we moved to East Great falls just before I started kindergarten. \" Elyse and Julie then said \"wait you were born in Canada?\" Matt said \"yeah on a family trip up there my mom went into labour and I was born in a hospital in downtown Toronto. So I have a Province of Ontario birth certificate and some sort of document from the American consult there that says I'm the son of two US citizens.\" Julie then asked \"so if you wanted to you could you get a Canadian passport?\" Matt said \"no I'd have to actually live there to get one. Plus I'm technically a US Citizen born abroad, just like if I was born on a US Military base somewhere else in the world.\" Elyse then asked Matt what he meant by having Titanium screws in his knee as they made their way back to his car. Matt told her how in February of his first year at the University of Michigan he wiped out on some ice on the sidewalk after band practice. He told her his pipes were undamaged but unfortunately his ACL wasn't as lucky. The orthopedist he saw at the University Hospital said that given his previous injury he would need to have ACL replacement surgery. Matt also told her that he also wore his knee brace during all band performances and practices. Elyse said she was going to ask him about that when she noticed that he had it on earlier that day, but didn't have time as Matt had to get ready for the game and then she didn't have a chance to during the game. Also on the way back Elyse asked Matt if Steve had asked about any game in particular. Matt replied \"yeah his first choice was one against State, which I'm not really sure if I want to get him tickets in the student section for.\" Julie then asked \"why any reason, like does he hate them or something?\" Matt replied back \"no he loves them he went there. I think it's his way of getting back at me for something I did when he took me to a game once.\" Elyse then asked \"ok now I have to here the story.\" Matt then said \"ok it was just after I had gotten back from Europe and I had already decided I was going to the University of Michigan the next fall, but I hadn't told Steve about it yet. Anyway he took me to a game at Sate that year and they were playing the Wolverines, so I wore a Michigan t shirt that day, but I had it covered so he didn't know. Anyway we stopped to watch the band and I kind of started joking around and said some of our chants kind of under my breath. Anyway at one point I just said \"it's all about the Blue baby\" out load and then flowed with \"it's great to be a Michigan Wolverine Lets' beat the Spartans\". Steve turned to me and said \"dud what the fuck, are you a Wolverines fan or something?\" I replied to him by telling him \"yeah and I'm going there next fall\", as I showed him my shirt. We weren't in the student section so he didn't mind too much and he did actually back me up when one of his friends from sate wanted to start a fight with me.\" Elyse then said \"only you would do something like that.\" Matt said \"well in all fairness he didn't ask me who I was cheering for so he did leave himself open on that one.\" Julie then said \"he did have your back though with his friends, so he can't be all that bad.\" Matt then said \"True I just don't always think of it that way. To me he's my older brother that I used to idolize and he would just try and push me away. Who know maybe now that I'm older he has some respect for me\" Matt then offered to drive the tow girls back to Julies house as he said he was kind of tired from having a long day, with the rely morning rehearsal plus the game. Elyse then asked if they could come back again tomorrow as she wanted to see him again before she left. Matt said \"yeah sure come by anytime after noon.\" Matt got out of the Car and gave Elyse a hug and said \"it was good seeing you again.\" As they were watching Matt leave back to his house Julie said to Elyse \"he should have kissed you, or you should have kissed him.\" Elyse looked at her and said \"not yet I think we need to build a relationship first. Besides it's been a while since I've seen him and he's changed a lot since I last saw him.\" ","Summary":" This storyrntakes place after American Pie presents Band Camp. Matt Stifler isrnnow in his senior a"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: Honeymoon","Author":"Authora97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12954582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Stardust family were more like a clan, and a tiny bit like a mafia. Not for anything untoward. They weren't involved in anything questionable. It was more like a tightly knit family. There were more and more people from outside the blood family inside. The leaders of this family, Morgan and Thorax, has adopted a lot of children. They used the term 'adopted' for everything. They brought in children from all walks of reality. Equestrians, humans, even a few changelings. They adopted grownups who worked with Morgan, even if the person had alive parents and was happy. If Morgan and Thorax liked you, they adopted you. This was not true for Viktor Caine. Viktor was a special butterfly. He was a man in his twenties, somewhat happily. He'd been around the Stardust Family for a few years. His family had moved in from Brooklyn for his dad's job. They signed on work for Morgan's building. The third leader of the Stardust Family was Darcy Anderson was totally in love with him. \"I don't like him.\" Morgan remarked. Darcy snorted. She ran a sharpening stone along her knife. \"You don't like any of the guys I fuck.\" Morgan gave her sister a withered stare. It was true. Morgan didn't like any of the men her sister fucked. For good reason, mind you. All of Darcy's bed partners were idiots. Also dead. They were in Morgan's office, discussing Darcy's relationship. Apparently Viktor Caine had taken Darcy to one of his dimensions to live out the new It movie. Something Morgan refused to do because ' that fucking clown, man'. \"We've been dating for decades. That's slower than any relationship I've had ever . Can't you be happy about that?\" Darcy argued. She sharpened her knife with an angry flourish. Morgan bristled. \"I'm just not sure about him.\" \"You weren't sure about me when you adopted me.\" Darcy pointed out. \"That was different. You had my face.\" Morgan countered. \"He's got a room full of weapons.\" \"You have a weapons vault!\" \"The vault isn't next to my bedroom!\" Darcy growled. Morgan growled back. \"You know, despite what you think, I can make decisions for myself.\" Darcy pointed out angrily. \"Of course you can make them.\" Morgan countered. \"I just think the decisions are stupid.\" Darcy growled, loudly. She marched off to the door. \"Darcy wait-\" Morgan's words didn't reach her sister. Darcy slammed the door to her sister's office. She was pissed off, yeah. The door could take it. It's taken worse. Waiting on one of the couches was Viktor. By the way he was grinning, he'd expected such a fight. \"Ready to go?\" Viktor asked. Darcy was panting angrily. \"I'm ready to fucking Purge.\" ==TPH== Everyone was nervous on Purge-day. Today was the day everyone started barricading themselves, including buying food just in case the stores were closed the next day. This would happen, on occasion, when the owners had been killed the night before. Other individuals got ready in different ways. They bought ammunition, masks, weapons, and (in some cases) clothes. There had been a handful of weddings done on Purge Day. Mostly by people who, knowing they could die that night, wanted to be with their partner permanently. It was a sort a shotgun wedding day for sweethearts. Others were weird fucks who liked marrying that day because it was Purge Night. A kind of disturbed honeymoon. Guess which group Darcy Anderson was in? The priest didn't let himself think about the marriage of Viktor Caine and Darcy Anderson. He didn't let himself see the too happy smiles, like addicts who'd been promised another dose. His job was to quickly marry people on Purge Day. He likened it to the Vegas weddings except hd was an actual priest in an actual church. It was worse that they were all over each other as he conducted the ceremony. \"Sir, madam, please . You should wait until after the ceremony for this.\" The priest scolded. Darcy and Viktor laughed. \"We sure would, Your Holiness.\" Viktor chuckled while necking Darcy. \"Except we've been married eighteen times now.\" Darcy explained as she grabbed Viktor's hair to keep him on her neck. \"Vow renewal.\" Viktor pulled away from Darcy's neck long enough to say. \"Every Purge.\" The priest grimaced at the open display of affection in a holy ceremony. \"I must request you-\" \"There's no law telling me I can't kill you.\" Darcy remarked. The priest didn't like that comment. \"But there is one about threats of murder.\" \"Was it a threat?\" Darcy countered, smiling too innocently to be true. \"I was merely pointing out a fun fact. Wasn't it a fun fact, Viktor?\" \"I had fun with it.\" The groom grinned at his bride. The bride took it with pride. She smirked at the priest. The priest briefly thought that these two were perfect for each other. ==TPH== She was dressed up in a wedding dress when Purge began. She'd happily strung up the priest on his own altar. Darcy smiled at the image he made. His body had hung upside down by his ankles. Viktor has the idea to use the priest's ripped up robes. That was why Darcy loved her now husband. \"I still think using his intensive would've been better.\" Darcy remarked. \"Yeah but then what would we decorate the walls with?\" Viktor countered. Darcy beamed at him. \"You're the best murder-husband.\" \"I know.\" Viktor grinned to show teeth. ==TPH== She and Viktor walked around the streets of Los Angeles. They'd already gone through town. There weren't many Purgers and Pigs left. They were cutting apart every person that crossed their path. Darcy's favorite was these guys- they tied people to the hood of their car. Darcy shot the guy in the head. His car crashed. Explosively . Viktor had stuffed a man inside of his own guillotine. The man had screamed in rage so loud it drowned out the screams around town. Darcy filmed the whole thing. She was planning on making a video collage of the other Purges. She knew it'd be good to watch if she ever needed inspiration in a few decades. They ran into the band of protagonists later in the night. Viktor laughed when Darcy called them ' Purge Knights' . ==TPH== Later, Viktor wouldn't be able to say what made Darcy join the protagonists. It could have been anything. Viktor's favorite theory was that the heroes always let you to the resistance base, the safe zone where people hid. Aka, where all the weakest people waited. Except Darcy wasn't interested in that. She didn't look out on the sea of injured people, or the homeless. She focused on the people with guns or weapons. It had been a skill drilled into her by Morgan. ' Leave the innocents alone. If they're trying to kill someone else: have your fun.' At times Viktor was impressed by the control Darcy had over herself. Viktor remembered a Purge where she stood face to face with the actress who played Cersei Lannister, and all Darcy did was stab her hand (if you knew Cersei, then it was an act of restraint to stab her hand ). She never hurt someone who didn't have the means to fight back. A predator who hunted other predators. Sure the definition of 'predator' was sideways on Purge Night. It only made the morning that much better. He and Darcy were sitting in Dante's War Council room. Darcy had picked the lock when no one was looking. They were looking over the plans for the coming invasion when the others stormed in. Viktor was twirling a hunting knife around his fingers. Darcy was halfway through hiding a blade in her white knee high boots. Though the boots were becoming a more stained red as they survived multiple Purge Nights. Charlie was ranting to Dante about his attack. Viktor didn't care for the dialogue. He'd made a point of avoiding it. Let his wife deal with the immaterial details. Viktor only cared about having his Purge. \"Why would you want to stop it?\" Darcy asked. Charlie gawked at Darcy. \"Why would I want to stop Dante from Purging on Purge Night? The thing I'm trying to stop?\" \"Why stop the Purge? It's fun.\" Darcy explained. That got the attention of everyone. Viktor understood the confusion. They'd met the Caines after 'saving' them from a band of government agents. Killing others who Purged was a frowned upon practice by those in the government. The Purge Knights hadn't known that. They only saw a married couple, soaked in blood, being attacked. It was cute how naive they were. \"You're young. You don't remember how it was before.\" Charlie scolded her. Viktor watched his wife's ire rise. If there was one thing that pissed Darcy off more than anything, it was being treated the age she looked. \"We were there at the First Purge.\" Darcy remarked. She held her husband's hand, smiling happily. \"We started the Purge.\" \"The first people to kill on Purge Night.\" Viktor added. He smiled over to his wife. She loved monologuing while she prepared to Purge. \"An honor among honor's.\" Now the Purge Knight's looked horrified. \"Yeah. You should've seen that cunt's face.\" Darcy laughed to herself. She danced her knife around her fingers. \"We did tell her to add Rule 10...right before I tore out her throat with a rusty nail.\" \"You didn't have to use the nail. We had a katana.\" Viktor remarked, as this was an old argument between the two of them. Darcy sighed, annoyed. \"For the billionth time, Vik, I liked the nail! Added a personal touch. Like, you fought tooth and nail, you'll get tooth and nail .'\" \"Tooth?\" Charlie asked. \"Oh. I ripped out her tooth with the nail.\" Darcy added. \"Overkill much?\" Dante asked. Darcy held her up her blade to Dante. \"Shut up, Bishop. I still have that nail. I know how to gut you with it.\" She turned back to Viktor. \"So will you shut up? You've been moaning about it for three weeks!\" \"Feels more like eighteen years.\" Viktor groaned. \"Don't get smart. I'm blaming Traveler shit for this.\" Darcy growled. It was true. While they hadn't lived eighteen years in this reality, Viktor's Traveler abilities had made it so as soon as the alarms for the end Purge Night went off, the Caines were moved forward a year to the day of the next Purge. There was plenty of time to sleep, recover from injuries, and reload on supplies. Or at least, that's what Viktor's reasoning to Darcy was for it. \"You could've stopped this thing before it started!\" Charlie raged. Darcy huffed. \"Yeah I didn't feel like it. Still don't, honestly.\" \"We don't like you that much.\" Viktor informed Charlie. \"It's nothing personal. We just like to murder people in fucked up ways.\" He glanced to his wife. \"Which, arguably, is more fun when it's illegal.\" Darcy gave him that one. \"So anyway. Why does Dante get to kill the Founding Fathers if we don't?\" Darcy asked the Purge Knights. \"He doesn't.\" Charlie insisted. \"To be fair, ma'am, you don't get a say in this.\" Dante argued. \"We're doing this with or without your permission.\" Darcy smirked over at Viktor. She mimed shooting the Purge Knights one by one, which made Viktor laugh. Ah, young murderer love. ==TPH== At the church, Darcy was delighted that she killed two more Founding Fathers than Viktor. A fact she would brag about for decades to come. Not to mention dear sweet Charlie's face as Darcy took off a piece of her ear. Darcy would hold that memory close until her Final Death. The Caines were surprised they made it out with only minimal injury (Darcy was bleeding from a large slash on her upper arm. Viktor was lucky he wasn't losing his leg). Still. Purge Night was over. The people had made their decision about revoking the demented night. So their honeymoon ended with a gorey bang. ==TPH== She woke up in the Center's Travelers room. When Travelers jumped, their bodies were left behind. The Center kept them in a special room (that honestly looked like a medbay, if Darcy thought about it) so they could be monitored safely until they jumped back. Viktor was in the bed beside her. Darcy smiled at him. Her husband was tying his tie. \"Honestly, these whores.\" Viktor growled as he redid his tie. \"They didn't do it right.\" \"They do it to pristine.\" Darcy remarked as she got up to her feet. She went over to her husband, batting his hands away. \"You like it-\" \"Asquee, to fuck with people who like it straight.\" Morgan interrupted as she walked up to them. Darcy tensed, glaring at her sister. She remembered their conversation from three weeks ago. She wasn't soon to forget it. \"Morning Viktor.\" Morgan greeted warmly. \"Morning, sis-in-law.\" Viktor winked. Morgan snorted. \"You had fun, I take it?\" \"A blast.\" Viktor grinned. Darcy was dumbstruck by the ease in his voice. Her husband was siding with her sister ? After their Murder-Honeymoon that...as Darcy listened to them converse...was sounding odd. \"We didn't actually fight, did we?\" Darcy realized. Morgan didn't answer. \"You fucking Planned this!\" Morgan wasn't acknowledging her. \"Poss...ib...ly.\" \"You bitch!\" Darcy snapped. \"You planned this!\" \"You're just realizing this?\" Morgan snickered. She moved to take Darcy's bed, laying against it. She raised her arms to fold under her head. She lounged, a victor in a battle of wits Darcy hadn't realized they were playing until she lost. \"Come on, Darce. A man who likes murder as much as you? A guy willing to take you to his murder worlds? Worlds you would've made me take you too? He's perfect!\" \"I resent that term.\" Viktor remarked. \"Oh bite me, Caine.\" \"Was that an invitation?\" Viktor asked, grinning to show teeth. Morgan gestured to Viktor. \"Plus he's a dork. You're perfect man.\" \"Shut up!\" Darcy snapped. It was all so shockingly clear now. She ran a hand over her face, falling onto the medical bed. The bed was still warm from how long Viktor had been sleeping on it. \"Oh Author...you set me up with a guy and it worked.\" That time, Viktor laughed. \"Darcy, babe, I was gonna take you to Purge anyway. Morgan just gave me the idea to make it a honeymoon.\" \"She let you think it was your idea.\" \"No honestly it was.\" Morgan chimed in. \"I wanted to keep you out of that fuck nest.\" \"So you do...I'm still pissed.\" \"Then let's have hate sex.\" Viktor offered. He grinned, eyes going dark with an idea. Darcy liked that look. That was the look he had before they had sex on the 8th Purge Night inside a blood bank. They'd wanted to ruin the samples. Purge Night was fun, but making the damage last beyond that was fun too. Morgan hopped up off the bed. \"That's my cue to leave.\" She held her arms up in surrender. She walked to the main door of the room. \"Try not to murder your husband, Killjoy. This floor was just killed.\" \"Bitch!\" Darcy shouted as said husband pulled her up in his arms bridal style. Morgan laughed. ==TPH== AN: So this prompt was 'creepy'...I don't think I did that but I like the idea of Darcy having a Murder-Husband. The Purge always seemed like Darcy's idea of paradise so here we are. ","Summary":" The Stardust family were more like a clan, and a tiny bit like a mafia. Not for anything untoward. "},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"The Bible: Full Circle","Author":"William Raymer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3139388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ThenBible: Full Circle bynWilliam Raymer Itnwas the fall of 2024, and things were beginning to get interesting atnEast Great Falls High School. The seniors were all wondering aboutnwho would be the one to inherit the \"Bible\" that year.nLittle did everyone know that it would go to someone whose verynexistance is related to the document. My name is William CharlesnFlaherty-Levenstein, and this is my story-the story of the 30thnInheritor of the Bible. Inwas ready to face another school day when it happened. I recieved anmysterious phone call as I was getting ready to drive to school.n\"Hello?\" I asked after I picked up the phone. \" WilliamnLevenstein? \" a voice said. \"Who is this?\" I asked. \" You'renJanine Stifler's girlfriend, right? \" the voice asked. I wasnupset. Someone somehow knew that I was dating Janine Stifler, thendaughter of Matthew Stifler, East High's football coach. \"Whonthe fuck is this!\" I said. \" Hey,nchill, man, \" the voice said. \" I'm Andrew Mendez,nfrom the class of '23. \" \"Hey, now I remember you, Drew!nWhat's going on with you, man?\" I asked. \" I'm cool,nman ,\" Mendez said. \" Listen, rumor has it that younwant to take the next step with ol' Janine. \" \"Yeah,\"nI said. \" Well,nI might be able to help you. It is my right to name my successor ,\"nMendez said. \"Your successor to what?\" I said. \" Mynsuccessor as Keeper of the Bible ,\" Mendez said. My jawndropped. \"You mean...\" I started to say. \" Exactly ,\"nMendez said. \" I'mnsure you know the rules: You have to write a story that goes intonthe Bible for future Inheritors, you must keep it a secret, and younhave to return it at the end of the year ,\" Mendez said. \"Inunderstand,\" I said. \"So, where can I find it?\" \" ThenEast High library, in a secret compartment under the shelf markedn'982.1 Fluid Dynamics ,'\" Mendez said. \" And thisnyear, keep an eye on the juniors. It is now up to you tondetermine who will follow you. Good luck, kid ,\" Mendez addednbefore he hung up. Input the handset back down on the cradle, finished packing mynbackpack, said goodbye to my parents, then got in my '03 Cutlassn(those '03s sure run well after all these years) and drove to school. Asnsoon as I parked, I made a beeline for the library. East High was anrarity in this day and age: they had a library with real hard-boundnbooks, not the e-book bullshit you'd see at most high schools thesendays. Luckily, my mother taught me how to use the old-fashioned DeweynDecimal System and soon, I found my way to the physical sciencesnsection. Inlooked for the \"982.1 Fluid Dynamics\" label Drew Mendezntold me about. Finally, I found it. I saw that the base of the shelfnwas uneven with the rest of the shelf. I quickly looked around, tonsee if anyone was watching, then lifted the cover off of the secretncompartment. Incouldn't believe it: I was about to hold the most sacred document usnEast High seniors could ever hope to read. I picked up the Bible.nThen, I stuffed it into my backpack with room to spare. Then, knowingnthat others would seek the Bible while I held it, I pulled a piece ofnpaper from my notebook. Then,nwith a pen and paper, I wrote the words all seniors at East Highn(save myself now) dreaded: TOnTHOSE WHO SEEK \"THE BIBLE,\" InWILL RETURN IT IN THE SPRING. SIGNED, Andnthen, with a flourish, I signed the paper, WILLIAMnFLAHERTY-LEVENSTEIN. Inknew I would have to wait until I got home to read what secrets I nownhad in my possession. But, little did I know that I was about tonreveal a secret as to why I was truly destined to inherit thenBible. :TBC:[Chapter 2] The Bible: Full Circle Chapter 2 After I got home from school, I had to read through the Bible, to seen what my fellow Inheritors had written. I had gotten to the 6th Inheritor, a kid by the name of Kevin Meyers, when I saw something that made my jaw drop, even more so than when Drew Mendez told me that I was to inherit the Bible. The Legend of \"The Pact\" By Kevin Meyers, 6th Inheritor of the Bible It was the spring of 1999, and I was in a relationship with a girl I loved, a girl by the name of Victoria Latham. But, I was afraid of taking the next step. At a party a \"friend\" of mine named Steve Stifler was throwing-- I stopped for a moment. I had heard Jeanine mention an \"Uncle Steve\" several times since I knew her. --I made a comment that Vicky, unfortunately, overheard. The next day, I woke up to some shocking news: Charles Sherman -- Mr. Sherman is my counselor. And he was involved with this story, too? --whom we called \"the Shermanator\" for his uncanny Arnold Schwarzenegger-as-the-Terminator impression, had apparently gotten laid the night before by a girl from Central High. I was upset that Sherman had gotten laid before me, or my core group of friends. So, along with my friends Chris Ostreicher, Paul Finch and James Levenstein-- WHAT THE FUCK? My Dad's in this story, too? -- I made a pact to lose our virginities before graduation, which was about two weeks away by that point. It was determined that the very last chance for us to fulfill this Pact was at a post-prom party that Stifler was throwing at his mom's lake house. I continued to read, fascinated by the story of my Dad and his friends during their senior year. I had just read the section on my Dad embarrassing himself on the old Internet, when my Mom called me down to dinner. That night, as I was getting ready to go to bed, I decided to read more of the 6th Inheritor's story. From what Jimbo told me, he was so desperate to find someone to fulfill the Pact with, that he asked a band geek by the name of Michelle Flaherty --- HOLY SHIT! Mom's in the story, too? This is just too much! I read on, past how whom I call Mr. Sherman was revealed as a liar (he did not have sex when he claimed to), past the point where Kevin and Vicky decided that a long-range relationship was not in the cards, to the end of the story: As Oz, Finch, Jim and I had that toast at Dog Years, we knew that our unique bond would keep us together forever. Kevin Meyers 6th Inheritor of the Bible May 1, 1999 P.S.: To those future Inheritors who need a boost in their love lives, may I recommend The World-Famous \"Tongue Tornado\" on page 56. Then, on the other side of the page was a series of paragraphs, whose ink was brighter that that on the main page of the 6th Inheritor's story, indicating that it was added later. One pair of paragraphs was of particular interest to me: The most successful member of the Pact has got to be James Levenstein. On July 21, 2003, Jimbo proposed to Michelle. She accepted. James Emmanuel Levenstein and Michelle Annabeth Flaherty were married on August 2nd, 2003 and had their first child, William Charles Flaherty-Levenstein, on September 8th, 2006. Jim and Michelle allegedly planned on naming ol' Billy James Tiberius Flaherty-Levenstein, after James T.Kirk from the original Star Trek , which celebrated its 40th anniversary the day William was born. Thank God cooler heads prevailed on that one. Kevin Meyers 6th Inheritor of the Bible October 24, 2009 \"Son, lights out,\" I heard my mom say. \"Mom, Dad, can you come here for a minute?\" I asked as I hid the Bible under my bed. My Mom and Dad walked into my room. \"Yes, son?\" Dad asked. \"Dad, do you remember a guy by the name of Kevin Meyers?\" I asked. \"Yes, I do,\" Dad said. \"How do you know him?\" I took a deep breath, knowing I was about to break the vow all 29 Inheritors before me made, then reached under my bed and pulled out the Bible. Dad saw the Bible. \"Is that what I think it is?\" Dad asked. I nodded. \"Yes, it is,\" I said. \"It is the legendary Sex Bible of East Great Falls High School.\" Dad fell to the floor in a heap. :TBC:[Chapter 3] ThenBible: Full Circle Chapter 3 Author'snNote: The opening portion of this chapter is an adaptation of andeleted scene from AmericannPie 2 . To see thisndeleted scene, go to chapter 7 of the \"Deleted Scenes\" featurettenon the UNRATED AmericannPie 2 DVD. Dad slowly came to. Mom helped him to his feet. \"ThennI assume you know of the Bible from Mr. Meyers,\" I said. Dadnnodded. \"It was the summer after our first year of college. Thatnwas almost 25 years ago. On our way home from a job, we decided tonstop by East High-that was when we found out about it.\" The pictures began to form in my mind, based on Dad'sndescription and the pictures of \"The Pact\" which Mr. Meyers putnwith the story. Antruck pulls up to East Great Falls High. It looks essentially thensame then as it does now. Four friends pile out-Dad, Mr. Finch, Mr.nMeyers and Mr. Ostreicher. They decide to split up and walk aroundncampus-to remember the good ol' days. Mr.nOstreicher finds his old locker. He tries his old combination on thenlock, but when he tries to open it, it fails to open. \"It won'tnopen,\" a voice from the other side of the open locker door callsnout. Mr. Ostreicher looks over and sees Mr. Meyers. \" You'renright,\" Mr. Ostreicher said. Mr. Meyers walks over to Mr.nOstreicher and looks at his old friend. \"There's something I'vennever told you guys,\" Mr. Meyers said. \"There was this booknhidden in the library. It's kind of like one of Finch's books, exceptnthat guys had added their own experiences. Well, do you know what Input in it? The story about us—the story about the Pact.\" Thenfour friends walked up to the 982.1 Fluid Dynamics shelf. Mr. Meyersnlifted the cover of the compartment where the Bible was supposed tonbe—except, the Bible wasn't there. Mr. Meyers pulled a slip ofnpaper from the compartment. \" 'Tonthose who seek the Bible, we'll return it in the Fall,'\" Mr. Meyersnread. \"'Signed Tom Faillor and Robert Fleetwood.'\" \"Andnthat's how I know,\" Dad said. \"Excuse me.\" Dad walked out of mynroom. Mom looked at the Bible as I slipped it back under my bed. Downstairs, Dad picked up the telephone and dialed annumber. \"Kev, this is Jim. Forgive the lateness of this call, butnyou have to come over here tomorrow. It has happened.\" The next day, as I got home from school, I saw a numbernof people seated in the living room. There was Mom and Dad, ofncourse. There were also a number of people I recognized to varyingndegrees. Christopher and Heather Ostreicher I remembered from goingnto their wedding back in '08. Paul Finch I knew from my yoga class. UnclenSteven and Aunt Cadence were there, too. And finally, I met him -then9thnInheritor, Kevin Meyers. \"Dad,nwhat's going on?\" I asked. \"Son, put your gear up in your room,nthen come back down here,\" Dad said. I nodded. After I put my backpack in my room and came backndownstairs, we began to talk. \"Jimbo, we all knew that this daynwould eventually come,\" Mr. Ostreicher said. \"Yeah, when Kev toldnus about the Bible, we discussed the possibility of one of ournchildren eventually coming into possession of it,\" Mr. Finch said. \"Excusenme,\" Aunt Cadence said. \"But, what is this 'Bible' you are allntalking about?\" \"It's simple, Aunt Cadence,\" I said. \"34nyears ago, two students brought a sex manual home from an overseasntrip. Before they graduated, they decided to leave the book behindnand put a series of rituals and protective rules in place for futurengenerations.\" \"Andnthose rules are?\" Aunt Cadence asked. \"Well, there are only twonmain rules that I know of,\" I said. \"Each Inheritor must put in anstory about how they used the Bible's knowledge for future Inheritorsnto learn from, and the rule no one broke until I did it last night:nNo one is to know of the book's existence.\" Thendoorbell rang before I could continue the explanation. Dad got up andnwent to answer it. \"Oh, hello, Vicky,\" he said. \"Sorry I'mnlate,\" a voice said. As the person the voice belonged to walkedninto the living room, my jaw dropped. \" That'snVictoria Latham! It's gotta be! \"nI thought. \" Butnshe and Mr. Meyers broke up after that post-prom encounter 25 yearsnago! Or...did they? \" \"Hey,nVicky,\" Mr. Meyers said as he kissed Vicky. \"Excuse me, Mr.nMeyers...\" I started to say before Mr. Meyers held up his hand.n\"Please, call me Kevin,\" he said. \"We are both Inheritors afternall.\" \"Okay then, Kevin ,\"nI said. \"Didn't you two break up? I assume that this--\" I pointednto Victoria. \"--is Victoria Latham,\" I finished. \"Sortnof,\" Victoria said. \"See, I was once known as Victoria Latham. But, after your parents got married,nKevin and I got back together. We were married a year after you werenborn.\" \"Oh, I remember now,\" I said. \"That was when GrandpanNoah babysat me for the weekend while Mom and Dad went up to GrandnLakes Resort.\" After the impromptu Pact reunion broke up, I began tonpack my backpack. Mom saw me and smiled. \"Son, where are youngoing?\" she asked. \"I'm an Inheritor now, Mom,\" I said. \"Ingotta go try this thing out and work up a story for the next one.\" As I walked up to the door, Dad smiled. \"Son, beforenyou go, we all agreed to keep the Bible's existence a secret. So, asnfar as future generations go, your secret is safe with us,\" hensaid. \"Be careful, son.\" \"Thanks,nDad,\" I said as I waled out of the house. A half an hour later, I walked up to Jeanine's house andnrang the doorbell. Elyse Stifler, Jeanine's mother, answered.n\"Hello?\" she said. \"Good day to you, Mrs. Stifler. I'm WilliamnLevenstein, Jeanine's boyfriend,\" I said. \"Oh,nhello,William,\" Mrs. Stifler said. \"Jeanine, your boyfriend'snhere!\" she yelled. Jeanine came down the stairs. God, is shenbeautiful! \"Hey, Bill!\" she said. \"Hey there yourself,\" Insaid before I kissed her. \"Listen, let's go to your room.\" Upstairs, I told Jeanine to lie on the bed. She said shenneeded a little time to slip into something a littlenmore...comfortable. As she did, I hid the Bible under her bed. As Indid, a thought popped into my mind. I remembered Kevin's story aboutnhow he used the \"World-Famous Tongue Tornado\" to please Vicky. Thendoor from Jeanine's bathroom back to her bedroom opened. HOLY SHIT!nThat lingerie left little—and I do mean, little— tonthe imagination. \"Listen, Bill, I've been thinking,\" Jeaninensaid. \"Yes?\" I asked. \"We'venbeen going out for three years now,\" Jeanine began. \"You've madenit to third base. Why not make it a home run?\" I gulped. \"Wellnthen,\" I said, reaching into my backpack. \"I'm glad I packednthese.\" Jeanine smiled as I showed her my \"party supplies.\"n\"I love you, Jeanine,\" I said. \"I love you too, Bill,\"nJeanine said. The next morning, I woke up in Jeanine's bed. Thenprevious night was all I dreamed my first time to be and more. \"Goodnmorning, Tiger,\" Jeanine said. \"To you too, Wildcat,\" I said. Tonbe concluded...[Chapter 4] ThenBible: Full Circle Chapter 4-FINAL CHAPTER Itnwas time for me to return the Bible to its hiding place, for the 31stnInheritor to acquire. So, as I put my story in the Bible, I had annidea. At the bottom of the story, I wrote: TO THE THIRTY-FIRST INHERITOR AND ALL WHO FOLLOW HIM: \"I HOPE my story helps you to understand me. I HOPEnyou use my story to help you achieve the next step in yournrelationship.\" William C. Levenstein 30thnInheritor of the Bible 16 February 2025 Just after I put the Bible back in its hiding place, Inbegan to seek out Jeanine. \"Coach! Where's Jeanine?\" I asked Coach Stifler.n\"She's in the Auditorium,\" he said. \"Good, because I hadnsomething to ask you-man to man,\" I said. He gestured for me to sit down. \"Coach, I'm going tonask you this not as one of your best players, but as a man in lovenwith your only daughter. Matthew Stifler, I would like to ask fornpermission to marry your daughter.\" Coach Stifler thought for a moment, then smiled. \"Younhave it. Just, please wait until after college. You can propose now,njust wait until after college to seal the deal,\" he said. \"Yes,nsir,\" I said. Bowing to Coach Stifler, I ran out of his office. Innthe auditorium, Jeanine was rehearsing for the school's production of High School Musical .n\"Jeanine?\" I yelled. \"Bill, I'm in the middle of a rehearsalnright now,\" she said. \"This can't wait,\" I said. Pulling ansmall red case out of my pocket, I fell to one knee. \"Jeanine MistynStifler, last night I came to a decision on the future of ournrelationship. Will you marry me?\" Jeanine started to cry. \"Well, what's it gonna be?\"nI asked. \"Yes!\" Jeanine said. \"Yes, I will marry you!\" As I put the ring on Jeanine's finger, I began to cryntoo. My future father-in-law, Coach Stifler always said, \"Men don'tncry unless they're in pain.\" Well, with apologies to the Coach andnto my readers, that is a crock of bullshit. I cried as we kissed tonseal our engagement, and I was not in pain. Far from it, as a matternof fact. I was completely happy. EPILOGUE-SIX MONTHS LATER It was the first day of school for the 2025-2026 schoolnyear at East Great Falls High. It was also the day when I wouldnperform my last duty as Inheritor of the Sex Bible of East GreatnFalls High. Inpicked up my cell phone and dialed a number. \" Hello,nGold residence, \"na voice responded. \"Hello. Is Brandon there?\" I asked. \" Thisnis him. Who is this? \"nBrandon said. \"Hey,nBrandon,. This is Will Levenstein from the Class of '25,\" I said.n\" Hey,Bill!nHow's your fiancé? \"nBrandon asked. \"She's fine, in more ways than one,\" I said.n\"Listen, I have chosen you for the most sacred duty of an East Highnsenior.\" As I described the duties of an Inheritor, I felt thenpast Inheritors looking at me and wondering what my successor had innstore for the legacy. As Brandon finished reading the Bible, he saw a picturenof me and Jeanine, which a yearbook club member took and gave to me.nIt was the heading to my story. Menand Jeanine bynWilliam Levenstein, 30 th Inheritor of the Bible Backnin my sophomore year, I met and fell in love with a girl namednJeanine Stifler. I knew her father, East High football coach MatthewnStifler. I also knew her Aunt, my aunt Cadence Flaherty-Stifler. Butneven knowing these two powerful forces, I decided to risk going outnwith her. Inhad been Jeanine's boyfriend for three years before I got the callnfrom the 29 th Inheritor, Andrew Mendez, asking if I was interested to become then30 th Inheritor. I accepted, knowing that the knowledge contained in thenBible would help me achieve the next level in my relationship. Onenday, I used basically every technique in the Bible during my firstnlovemaking session with ol' Jeanine. The next day, as I woke up innher bed, I saw Jeanine lying next to me. I thought, \"A fella couldnget used to this-waking up in the morning lying next to the sexiest,nmost beautiful girl in the world.\" AsnI write this, I am preparing to ask Coach Stifler for permission tonmarry Jeanine after we graduate from college. Whatever the futurenholds, we will face it together. TOnTHE THIRTY-FIRST INHERITOR AND ALL WHO FOLLOW HIM: \"InHOPE my story helps you to understand me. I HOPE you use my story tonhelp you achieve the next step in your relationship.\" WilliamnC. Levenstein 30 th Inheritor of the Bible 16nFebruary 2025 THEnEND Author'snNote: I intended to include a sub-plot involving Erik Stifler andn\"Tracy,\" the main couple of AmericannPie presents \"The Naked Mile .\" But, after learning of the couple's breakup by the time of AmericannPie presents \"Beta House ,\" I was unable to reconcile my planned storyline with current AmericannPie series canon, so I had no choice but to drop the storyline. Butnthat doesn't mean I can't make a sequel to this story! I just have toncheck out \" BetanHouse\" to see what I have to work with. Wish me luck. WilliamnRaymer Yuma,nArizona USA 17nFebruary 2008 ","Summary":" ThenBible: Full Circle bynWilliam Raymer Itnwas the fall of 2024, and things were beginning to get "},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Final Fantasy:Skye's Return","Author":"KrazyAnimefan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10548977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ich schritt durch die zerstörten Straßen Midgars, ließ den Blick schweifen. Vor kurzer Zeit hatte hier ein Monster gewütet, heraufbeschworen von drei weißhaarigen Kerlen, die sich für die Reinkarnation Sephirots hielten. Zumindest hatte das einer getan. Die anderen zwei waren nur Adjutanten, während er ein Alpha war. Das Erscheinen Sephirots hatte eine mir unerklärliche Kettenreaktion ausgelöst und nun stand ich wieder auf der Welt der Lebenden. Ich war tot gewesen, oder zumindest dachte ich das. Fragen beschäftigten mich: Warum war ich zurück? Was sollte getan werden? Und zu guter Letzt, wie kam ich wieder zurück dahin wo ich hergekommen war? Fragen, auf die ich bis auf weiteres keine Antwort hatte. Ein paar Passanten liefen über den Platz, als hätten sie Angst vor etwas, was wiederkommen könnte. Aber das Biest war schon längst tot. Ich schritt an den Rand des Kraters, den das Ungetüm in die Erde gerissen hatte, und schaute hinunter. Ein Hohlraum. Ich machte einen Schritt vorwärts, mein langes, blondes Haar flog nach oben, genau wie das Leder meines Umhangs. Unten landete ich lautlos auf einem Fuß und einem Knie, der Umhang raschelte, als er sich wieder zu Boden senkte. Ich stand auf und schritt in die Dunkelheit, in der ich Schemen erkannte. Ein Labor, eine Glassäule. Natürlich war Jenova nicht mehr hier, wie auch? Shinra hatte sie schon vor Kadajs Auftauchen woanders untergebracht. Ich legte eine Hand an das dicke Glas und spürte, wie das kalte Glas mir ein wenig meiner Körperwärme stehlen wollte. Ich schüttelte den Kopf und ließ die behandschuhte Hand wieder sinken. Dann wandte ich mich zum Gehen, doch weit kam ich nicht: Der etwas längere Lauf einer Pistole setzte sich direkt auf mein Brustbein, das dank des weiten Ausschnitts offen war. Ein ziemlich zwielichtiger Typ, er sah aus wie ein harmloser Wegelagerer, schaute breit grinsend auf mich, beziehungsweise den offenen Ausschnitt, hinunter. Der Pistolenlauf glitt nach unten, schob das schwarze Leder meiner Kleidung beiseite. Der Ganove schien auf etwas zu warten, doch ich schaute ihn nur kalt an, das Kinn gehoben. „Hallo Süße…!\", grinste er. Ich hob nur eine Augenbraue. Also, wenn ich etwas hasste, dann ‚süß' zu sein. Mit einer schnellen Bewegung rammte ich ihm das Knie in den Unterleib, dann kam ein Schlag mit dem Ellenbogen in seinen Nacken. Er sackte zusammen. Ich fuhr herum, als eine ruhige Stimme neben meinem Ohr sagte: „Und ich dachte schon ich müsste eingreifen.\" Ich hielt ihm ein kleines, schmales Messer aus meinem Ärmel an die Kehle, die Nerven zum Zerreißen gespannt. Der rothaarige Mann hob leicht grinsend die Hände, als wollte er damit sagen er habe nichts getan. Ich entspannte mich ein wenig, ließ es mir aber nicht anmerken. „Wer bist du und was willst du von mir?\", fauchte ich. Der Rotschopf blieb ruhig und meinte gelassen: „Das Gleiche könnte ich dich fragen.\" Ich starrte ihn ausdruckslos an. Dann weiteten sich meine Augen einen Moment, als ich ein Geräusch hinter mir vernahm. Doch zu spät, ein harter Schlag traf mich auf den Hinterkopf, ich sackte mit einem Stöhnen zusammen, entglitt in die Schwärze einer Bewusstlosigkeit.[Chapter 2] Als ich zu mir kam, lag ich auf einem unbequemen Untergrund, das Licht blendete mich und mein Kopf dröhnte. Ich versuchte mich auf zu setzen, jedoch war mein Körper noch zu geschwächt. Um nicht wieder auf den harten Untergrund zurück zu fallen, stützte ich mich auf einem Ellenbogen ab. Die andere Hand fuhr zu meinem Hinterkopf und fasste an einen rauen Verband. Ich öffnete die Augen vollends, was ein schmerzlicher Fehler war, das grelle Licht tat weh und ließ mich für ein paar Sekunden erblinden. Die Augen halb offen konnte ich einen weißgrauen Raum erkennen. Als ich in die andere Richtung schaute erkannte ich einen Schemen, rot und schwarz. *Der Rothaarige!*, schoss es mir durch den Kopf und ich sprang von der Pritsche auf der ich gelegen hatte. Meine Knie trugen mich nicht und so wäre ich erneut zusammengesackt, jedoch griff mir jemand unter die Arme und setzte mich zurück auf die Pritsche. Ich stieß ihn von mir und griff in meinen Ärmel. Zumindest versuchte ich es, denn ich hatte nicht mal mehr Ärmel, ich trug nicht mehr die enge Lederkleidung die ich bei meinem Auftauchen getragen hatte. Ich fauchte und sah an mir herunter. Ich trug eine Art Nachthemd, es erinnerte mich an Krankenhaushemdchen. Der Rothaarige kam mir wieder entgegen, nachdem er sich aufgerappelt hatte. Ich schaute ihn fassungslos an, gleichzeitig musterte ich ihn im grellen Licht. Helle Haut, rote Haare, hinten lang, vorne kurz, graue Augen und jeweils einen roten Striemen auf seinen Wangen. Er trug legere Kleidung und eine Pilotenbrille, soweit ich das einordnen konnte. „Keine Sorge das war ich nicht.\", er grinste schon wieder. Ich starrte ihn nur kalt an und ließ die Hand sinken, die nach dem versteckten Messer greifen wollte. „Wo bin ich hier? Was ist passiert?\", es war ein Zischen, mit dem ich meine neuen Fragen stellte. Der Rotschopf schüttelte den Kopf. „Erst beantwortest du mir meine Fragen. Wer bist du?\" Ich sträubte mich, ihm meinen Namen zu nennen, aber ich entschied mich dafür. Er war ein Dickkopf, das sah man ihm an, und es wäre das Beste ihm zu antworten. Ich wollte schließlich auch Antworten. Es war eine Win-Win-Situation. Ich öffnete den Mund, um zu antworten, tat es dann aber doch nicht. Ich erinnerte mich nur dunkel an meine Initialen. „S.S. Mehr weiß ich nicht.\", sagte ich schließlich, nachdem ich mein eigenes Gedächtnis systematisch nach einer Antwort abgesucht hatte. Aber da gab es nur Fetzen und die Zeit nach meinem Erwachen. Er nickte, aber ich sah dass er es nicht kapierte. „S und S, Initialen.\", fügte ich hinzu. „Ja, diese Buchstaben stehen auch hinten auf deiner Kleidung.\" „Wo ist meine Kleidung?\", ich bekam keine Antwort, stattdessen eine Gegenfrage: „Was willst du hier?\" Ich schüttelte nur den Kopf. „Ich weiß nur was geschehen ist und warum ich wieder hier bin.\", sagte ich. Sephirots Auftauchen. Er runzelte die Stirn. „Schau nicht so.\", fauchte ich. Er wusste doch gar nichts! „Jetzt bin ich dran: Wo bin ich und was ist passiert?\" Es kam keine Antwort, stattdessen schüttelte er den Kopf und setzte sich in Bewegung. Ich folgte ihm kurz mit den Augen, dann sprang ich auf, diesmal blieb ich stehen. Mein Schlag traf ihn zielsicher in die Magengrube, dann drückte ich ihn an die Wand, seine Kehle fest umschlossen. „Antworte mir.\", zischte ich wütend. Doch der Fakt, dass er größer und stärker war als ich, machte es ihm einfach, sich aus meinem Griff zu schütteln und zu einer Tür zu gehen. „Die wirst du so oder so bald bekommen.\" Ich schnaubte und schaute der Tür zu, wie sie wieder zuging. Eine Schiebetür... Ich trat darauf zu und setzte meine Finger in den Schlitz, der meine Verbindung zum Gang dahinter war. Ich zog und zerrte daran, aber es half nicht. Ich schaute mich in dem Raum um, sah mich nach etwas Brauchbaren um mit dem ich die Tür aufhebeln konnte. Doch in dem Raum gab es nur die Pritsche und eine Nische in der man sitzen konnte. Ich wollte irgendwas zerstören, aber wenn ich barfuß gegen die Wand trat würde ich mir nur die Zehen brechen. Ich legte mich zurück auf die Pritsche, starrte die Wand an. Irgendwann würde jemand kommen. So lange konnte ich warten. Ich winkelte die Beine an und versuchte nachzudenken. Betonung liegt auf versuchte, die Pritsche war aus Metall und die Kälte des Metalles lenkte mich ab, wieder entzog es mir die Wärme die ich brauchte und schenkte mir stattdessen eine Gänsehaut. Ich kugelte mich noch enger ein und schlang die Arme um mich, schloss die Augen. Irgendwann schlief ich ein.[Chapter 3] Als ich das nächste Mal die Augen aufmachte, lag ein Stapel schwarzer Klamotten und ein Frühstück vor mir, ich erkannte die Klamotten als die meinen. Ich stand auf, streckte die steifen Glieder und zog die Klamotten der Mahlzeit vor. Ich schaute mich um, niemand im Raum. Sie müssen mich aber irgendwie überwachen. Mein Blick streifte die Decke und die Wände, entdeckte aber keine Kamera. Ich zog meine Lederhose an, die Stiefel. Dann zog ich mir das Hemdchen über den Kopf und zog das westenartige Oberteil an, stellte den Kragen wieder auf. Danach kam die Panzerung, ich zog die Riemen fest und strich mir durchs Haar. All meine Kleidung war aus Leder, ausser der Unterwäsche. Das geschmeidige Material wärmte mich auf eine aussergwöhnliche Art und verströmte einen Geruch, den ich schnell vermisste. Ich versenkte meine Nase in meinem Kragen und sog den Duft ein. Als ich entspannter ausatmete schaute ich zu dem Frühstück. Eine Schüssel mit einer undefinierbaren Flüssigkeit, wohl Suppe, und ein Apfel. „Sehr nahrhaft.\", murmelte ich spöttisch und biss in den Apfel, die Suppe würde ich vermutlich nicht anrühren. Ich kontrollierte unauffällig, ob die versteckten Waffen noch da waren, aber anscheinend waren diese Leute dümmer als ich angenommen hatte: Nichts fehlte. Ich atmete erleichtert auf und steckte mir den letzten Rest Apfel in den Mund, kaute darauf herum. Kaum hatte ich geschluckt, öffnete sich die Schiebetür und der Kopf des Rothaars erschien in dem Spalt. „Du darfst aus deiner Zelle raus, wenn du versprichst, niemandem etwas zu tun, das sind alles gute Menschen hier.\" Ich schnaubte und ging an ihm vorbei auf einen breiten Gang. „Seh ich etwa gefährlich aus?\", entgegnete ich unschuldig, aber doch ironisch. Ich machte ihm deutlich dass ich nichts von seinen ‚guten Menschen' hielt. Er folgte mir schnell, legte eine Hand an meinen Arm, er musste ja schließlich sichergehen, dass ich nicht abhaute. Als hätte ich eine Chance. „Und wie soll ich dich nennen?\" offensichtlich ein hilfloser Versuch ein Gespräch anzufangen. Ich starrte stur geradeaus. Mir war mein Name im Traum begegnet, irgendwo in dem Gewirr von Begriffen die ich aufgeschnappt hatte. Ein Junge mit kurzen, blonden Haaren hatte ihn mir zugerufen, als er mir die Hand gereicht hatte und mich aus einem Schacht gezogen hatte. Ich schloss kurz die Augen, gequält. Wer war dieser Junge? „Skye. Das ist mein Name.\" *So hat mich der Junge genannt, der mich auf seltsame Weise an mich selber erinnert hatte.* Ich bekam Kopfschmerzen, schon wieder, und hielt mir den Kopf mit der freien Hand. „Hast du was, Skye?\" „Mir geht's gut.\", fauchte ich ihn an und versuchte mich seinem Griff zu entziehen. Er verstärkte seinen Griff und ging augenscheinlich ungerührt weiter. Er schob mich in einen weiteren Raum, der zwei Türen hatte, und zog die eine Tür hinter sich zu. „Hier ist sie Boss.\" Ich schaute zu einem blonden Mann in einem Rollstuhl hinüber und registrierte nur am Rande, dass der Rothaarige an mir vorbei ging. „Rufus.\", meinte ich, teils kühl, teils erfreut. Endlich ein mir bekanntes Gesicht. Er schien mich nicht zu erkennen, aber das versteckte er hinter einem schiefen Lächeln. Rothaar schien erstaunt, aber ich beachtete ihn nicht mehr. „Rufus, warum bin ich hier und werde wie eine Gefangene behandelt!?\", fragte ich so ruhig wie möglich. *Ich fass es nicht, der Alte erinnert sich nicht einmal mehr an mich. An MICH!* Ich war doch einer seiner ‚Soldaten', ich gehörte zur Spezialeinheit des Shinra Konzerns. Er schüttelte nur den Kopf. „Wir wollten dich gerade gehen lassen…\", sein Satz war unvollendet, als wollte er noch einen Namen hinzufügen. Um es nicht im Raum stehen zu lassen, fügte er das aber gleich noch hinzu: „Ich möchte, dass du bei Reno bleibst.\" Ich hörte das Misstrauen aus seiner Stimme heraus, was mich noch etwas mehr verärgerte. Reno… der Rothaarige trat vor, anscheinend war er Reno. Er lächelte mir zu. „Ich will meine Waffen und meine Maschine haben.\", entgegnete ich nur. „Reno wird dich hinfliegen.\", sagte Rufus und Reno setzte sich in Bewegung. Ich folgte ihm schnell, vor allem als ich sah, dass die zweite Tür nach draussen führte. Reno ging eine Treppe hinauf zu einem Helikopter und machte sich im Cockpit zu schaffen. „Brauchst du einen Co-Piloten?\", fragte ich leicht verunsichert, aber zu meiner Erleichterung schüttelte er den Kopf. „Wo geht's denn hin?\", fragte er stattdessen während wir abhoben. „Zur Verlorenen Stadt.\" Ich wusste nicht mit Sicherheit wo meine Sachen waren, aber ich konnte es mir denken.[Chapter 4] „Wir landen hier.\", meinte Reno. Teilnahmslos ließ ich den Blick über die leuchtend blauen Bäume schweifen und stand dann auf. „Kannst auch in der Luft bleiben.\", ich schob die Schiebetür auf. „Nein ich will mitkommen!\", protestierte er. Ich seufzte und sprang ab, landete auf dem Boden als wäre ich nur einen halben Meter, statt vier oder fünf ganze hinuntergesprungen. Reno landete den Helikopter etwas entfernt auf einer Lichtung und eilte dann zu mir. Ich drehte mich auf dem Absatz um und ging in das muschelartige Haus am See. Ich wusste, dass Reno folgen würde. Am Ende des Ganges, der von aussen wie eine Sackgasse aussah, gab es eine Eisentür. Ich überlegte kurz und gab dann den Code ein, als würde ich das jeden Tag machen. Vor meinem inneren Auge gab Rufus ihn ein. Was waren die Umstände meines Schlafs? Die Tür öffnete sich und gab den Blick auf mein Waffenarsenal frei: Ein Dutzend kleinere Waffen und Schwerter, auch die ein oder andere Schusswaffe. Ich nahm meine Sense, setzte sie zusammen und steckte sie in die dafür vorgesehene Halterung an meinem Rücken. Die Schusswaffen räumte ich in die Fächer, die auf Knopfdruck aus meinem Motorrad herauskamen. Dann setzte ich mich auf die lederne Sitzfläche des schwarzen Gefährts. Reno hatte sich die ganze Zeit umgeschaut und das tat ich nun auch. Ich sah eine Kapsel, wahrscheinlich hatte ich dort unter der runden Scheibe geschlafen. Kälteschlaf vielleicht, anders konnte ich es mir nicht erklären. Ich setzte mich ganz auf das Bike und ließ den Motor kurz aufheulen. Anscheinend war alles in Ordnung. „Was sollen wir eigentlich machen?\", fragte ich. Reno gab keine Antwort, was ich als eine Abneigung deutete. Oder er durfte es nicht. Ich schnaubte nur. „Wir treffen uns draussen.\", sagte ich und ließ den Motor zum zweiten Mal aufheulen. Ein Tor öffnete sich und ich beschleunigte, ohne auf Reno zu warten. Ich spielte mit dem Gedanken, einfach weg zu fahren, aber ich brauchte die Antworten die Shinra hatte. Sicher wusste Rufus was es mit alledem auf sich hatte, er wollte es mir bloß noch nicht sagen. Noch nicht. Ein böses Lächeln schlich sich auf mein Gesicht, während ich vom Motorrad stieg und zum See ging. Meine Schritte hinterließen ein leises Rascheln in dem leuchtenden Gras. Ich starrte mein Spiegelbild an, als könnte es mir meine Geschichte erzählen, aber da war nur die junge Frau mit den langen, blonden Haaren und den blaugrünen Augen. Meine Pupille war ein Strich, ein schwarzer Strich in einem Meer von blau und grün. Die Kopfschmerzen setzten wie ein Messerstich ein. Bilder flammten in grellgrünen Strichen vor meinen Augen auf, verschwanden schneller als dass ich sie einfangen hätte können. Sephirot, der blonde Junge. Ich fühlte eine Hand an meiner Schulter, schlug sie weg. Jetzt erst merkte ich, dass ich auf die Knie gesunken war. Meine anfängliche Wut auf die Hand und seinen Besitzer verflog und ich stand schwankend auf. Mein Herz schien zu brennen. Ich schnappte nach Luft, fiel wieder. Diesmal fing Reno mich wieder auf, ich schlug ihn nicht weg. Nicht jetzt. Ich versuchte meine hektische Atmung zu beruhigen, was mir nicht wirklich gelang. Ich sah wie Reno den Mund bewegte, etwas sagte, verstand es aber nicht. Sein Bild verschwamm vor meinen Augen. Ich kam hustend wieder zu mir, ich spürte wie mein Herz wieder anfing zu schlagen. Reno schaute besorgt zu mir hinunter, ich lag mit dem Kopf auf seinem Oberschenkel, wie mir bewusst wurde. Ich richtete mich halb auf, immer noch hustend. Es wurde aber nach einem beherzten Klopfen auf meinen Rücken besser. Wie ich erkannte befanden wir uns immer noch in der Verlorenen Stadt. „Du solltest dich mal untersuchen lassen.\", sagte er immer noch besorgt. „Mir geht's wieder gut.\", entgegnete ich bissig und stand ganz auf, strich mir entnervt durchs Haar. Dann setzte ich mich wieder auf meine Maschine. „Bist du sicher?\" Nach einem genervten ‚Ja' verzog er sich zu seinem Helikopter und ich konnte Gas geben. Zumindest wollte ich es, aber mir wurde klar, dass ich nicht wusste wohin die Reise ging. Also folgte ich dem Helikopter.[Chapter 5] Unser Weg führte uns wieder nach Midgar, wo Reno den Heli auf einem Hausdach landete. Ich parkte meine Maschine davor und wartete auf ihn. Er kam vom Dach und klingelte dann an der Tür. Eine junge Frau mit schwarzen Haaren öffnete und lächelte Reno zu, anscheinend kannten sie sich. Ihr Blick wurde forschend als sie mich sah. Ich folgte Reno rein, bevor sie mir noch die Tür vor der Nase zuschlug, und schaute mich drinnen um. Zwei Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mädchen, kamen durch eine Tür und klammerten sich an die Schwarzhaarige, deren Name anscheinend Tifa war. Mir war klar, dass sie nicht die Mutter der beiden war, eher eine große Schwester. Der Junge schaute ein wenig verängstigt, das Mädchen mochte wohl einfach nur Tifa umarmen. Ich maß beide mit einem kühlen Blick und folgte Reno dann in einen kleinen Raum. Mit dem Rücken zu uns stand ein blonder Mann am Fenster, den Blick stur nach draussen gerichtet. Ich erstarrte, sein Anblick löste das Gefühl von Gefahr in mir aus. Er wandte sich um und erstarrte ebenfalls, dann wechselte er ein paar Worte mit Reno, die ich aber nicht verstand. Ich schaute ihn etwas verwirrt an, als sei es völlig undenkbar. Aber er schien der Junge zu sein, der mir heute meinen Namen verraten hatte, im Traum. Ich klopfte mit der Fußspitze gegen den Boden, nervös und angespannt. Zum Glück war das Gespräch fast sofort beendet und ich konnte wieder gehen. Doch bevor ich den Raum verließ packte mich der Blonde am Arm und unsere ernsten Blicke trafen sich. „Was?\", knurrte ich. Er ließ mich los, ich stürmte Reno hinterher. Seine Berührung beunruhigte mich, verwirrte mich. „Wohin gehen wir?\", fragte ich forschend, als er nicht wieder zu seinem Helikopter, sondern die Straße hinauf ging. „Wirst du gleich sehen.\" Ich blieb stehen. „Sag es mir, sonst gehe ich keinen Schritt weiter.\", zischte ich, in dem Wissen dass er es hörte. „Komm schon, sei kein Kleinkind.\" „Was hast du gesagt?\", fragte ich erzürnt nach, obwohl ich ihn verstanden hatte. Zeit, seine Aussage zu überdenken. Er grinste nur. „Komm schon, du wirst es doch so oder so erfahren!\", ich knurrte und ging zu ihm, zog aber meine Sense von meinem Rücken. „Steck das Ding wieder weg, wir gehen nur zu nem Kumpel von mir. Es gibt bis jetzt nur den Auftrag, herauszufinden wer du wirklich bist.\", sein Grinsen verschwand nicht, aber das war nicht schlimm. Ich setzte eine der drei Klinge an seinen Rücken. „Dann geh schon mal vor, herausfinden wer ich bin. Frag am besten Rufus, der weiß ganz genau WER und WAS ich bin.\", fauchte ich, stieß ihn vorwärts und ging dann in eine andere Richtung. „Skye warte!\", rief eine mir bekannte Stimme. Zu bekannt. Ich fuhr herum und hielt dem ankommenden Blonden die Sensenschneide an die Kehle. „Woher kennst du meinen Namen…?\", fragte ich scharf. Der Blonde schaute mich verständnislos an. „Du hast ihn mir selber gesagt. Erinnerst du dich nicht?\" Ich wich zurück, misstrauisch. „Nein.\", meinte ich kühl, „Du scheinst dafür Einiges zu wissen, was ich ebenfalls wissen sollte.\" Er nickte und ich ließ das Schwert sinken. „Erzähl es mir.\", befahl ich immer noch kühl. „Aber nicht hier. Ich kann dir einen Ort zeigen wo wir uns begegnet sind, das erste Mal.\", ich nickte und stieg auf meine Maschine, während er sich zu seiner begab. Reno kam gar nicht zum Protestieren, der Blonde und ich waren schon in der nächsten Sekunde eine Kreuzung weiter. Reno war mir egal. Der Blonde wusste Dinge, die ich vergessen haben könnte, durch den Kälteschlaf.[Chapter 6] Die alte Kirchenruine kam mir tatsächlich seltsam vertraut vor, als ich über den Mittelgang schritt und in dem Blumenbeet zum Stehen kam. Dort kniete ich und pflückte eine der Blumen. Sie verströmten einen einschläfernden Geruch, der in der Nase biss. Ich rümpfte die Nase und richtete mich mit der Blume in der Hand auf. „Genau so war es. Allerdings bist du umgekippt und dann war Sephirot hier.\", bemerkte der Blonde. Ich schaute ihn unverwand an. „Wer bist du?\", fragte ich ein wenig verwirrt. „Cloud Strife.\" Der Name Strife löste eine Reaktion irgendwo in den Tiefen meines Gedächtnisses aus, der ich nicht bis zum Ende folgen konnte. „Warum war Sephirot hier? Und warum ich?\", wollte ich wissen, aber er zuckte mit den Schultern als sei es egal. „Sephirot war wegen dir hier, und warum du in meinem Zuhause standest habe ich immer noch keine Ahnung. Eigentlich bist du vor zwei Jahren verschwunden, ich habe nach dir gesucht aber nichts gefunden.\" Ich nickte langsam. War doch eigentlich eine gute Ausbeute für eine erste Suche nach Antworten. „Was war das für ein Interesse, das Sephirot an mir hegte?\", fragte ich, doch wieder ein Schulterzucken, diesmal schien er einfach keine Ahnung zu haben. Ich schaute mich um. „Hier in der Nähe ist Sephirot aufgetaucht.\", stellte ich fest. Cloud nickte, doch noch ehe er antworten konnte, ging die Flügeltür der Kirche auf und Reno stürzte ausser Atem herein. „Du hättest doch den Heli nehmen können.\", meinte ich verwundert. Reno schüttelte den Kopf. Ich runzelte die Stirn. „Was ist passiert?\", fragte Cloud. Reno rang nach Atem, dann fing er an zu reden, schnell und ohne Pause: „Tifa ist in Gefahr, Denzel und Marlene auch. Sie sind von so einem unglaublich riesigen Vieh angegriffen worden..!\", weiter hörte ich nicht zu, Bilder vor meinen Augen lenkten mich ab. Ein riesiges Vieh. „Wir sollten so schnell wie möglich dorthin. SCHNELL!\", ich lief zu meiner Maschine und wartete, dass Reno hinter mir aufstieg. Dann gab ich Vollgas, ich kannte diese Straßen trotz meiner langen Abwesenheit und der schwindenden Erinnerungen. Ich sah es schon von weitem: Ein großes, katzenähnliches Vieh, das an einer zerfallenen Hauswand hochlief. Ich stand in der Fahrt auf und zog die Sense. „Reno bleib bei der Maschine.\", befahl ich und sprang zu Cloud hinüber, der an uns vorbei fuhr. Ich hielt mich an seiner Schulter fest, blieb aber stehen. Als er dann bremste, sprang ich über ihn hinweg und sprang in einer Gasse an den Hauswänden hoch, bis ich auf dem Dach war. Das Vieh schien mich noch nicht bemerkt zu haben. Ich grinste leicht und ließ die Klinge kreisen bis sie bläulich leuchtete. Der Hieb der aufgeladenen Klingen traf das gepanzerte Katzenvieh, sodass es taumelte. Ich lief an ihm hoch, schlitzte es der Länge nach auf, mein Kampfschrei ging in seinem Wutgebrüll unter. Oben schoss ich in die Luft und wollte ihm beim Sterben zusehen, aber zu meiner Verwunderung löste es sich in Schatten auf, aus denen kleinere Viecher entsprangen. Eines erwischte mit seinen Zähnen beinahe meinen Schwertarm, aber ich konnte es noch wegstoßen. Ein anderes kam von hinten und als ich nach ihm schlagen wollte traf meine Klinge die von Cloud, der das Vieh erschlagen hatte. „Danke.\", meinte ich, doch er schlang einen Arm um meine Hüfte und ich flog mit ihm durch die Luft, weg von den Schattenviechern. Als er landete und mich absetzte fauchte ich verständnislos: „Du musst mich nicht vor diesen Dingern schützen, lass mich kämpfen!\" Jedoch versperrte er mir den Weg. „Sie vermehren sich indem man sie zerschlägt, es hat keinen Sinn!\" „Irgendwie wird man sie schon aufhalten können!\", fauchte ich, „Lass mich durch!\" Er schüttelte den Kopf und schaute zurück. Ich nutzte den Moment um von ihm weg und dann an der Wand entlang aus der Etage des Parkhauses, in dem wir gelandet waren. Beinahe hätte es geklappt. Aber eben nur beinahe: Ich konnte die Sense gerade noch hochreißen, bevor er mich halbierte. Der Schlag schleuderte mich in die Luft, aber ehe ich die Chance hatte mich zu fangen folgte er mir mit einem weiteren Schlag. Ich wehrte ab, verwirrt. „Warum greifst du mich an?!\", fauchte ich und attackierte ihn nun meinerseits. Er ging darauf ein und wehrte ab. Ich wirbelte in der Luft herum, was ein Fehler war, da ihm so mein Rücken zugewandt war. Zum Glück war da die Hauswand, ich stieß mich an ihr ab und stieß ihm so das Schwert aus der Hand, schleuderte ihn wieder in die Luft. Meine Hände lagen an seinen Schultern, bohrten sich dort hinein. Plötzlich schien er ruhiger, sein Gesichtsausdruck entspannte sich merklich. Verwirrt schaute ich ihn an. Dann plötzlich erstarrte er und ehe er mich vor den Krallen schützen konnte, bohrten sie sich in meinen Unterleib und rissen mich von ihm weg. Ich spürte das süße Blut meinen Mund füllen, an meinem Kinn hinunterlaufen und auch aus meinem Bauch spritzen. Ein schmerzerfülltes Geräusch verließ meine Kehle, ich griff hinter mich und riss die Krallen eines der Schattenviecher aus meinem Körper. Ich fiel, prallte auf einem Glasdach auf, rutschte weiter die Schräge hinunter, bis ich in die Tiefe gestürzt wäre, hätte ich die Kante nicht zu fassen bekommen. Der Schmerz ließ meinen Körper zucken, meinen Atem und meinen Puls sich verschnellern. „Skye!\", ich hörte Clouds Stimme mehr, als dass ich ihn sah. Ein paar Steinchen rieselten aus der Regenrinne des Daches und ich erblickte Clouds Gesicht über dem Rand. „Warte ich helfe dir hoch.\", meinte er und streckte mir die Hand entgegen. „Cloud! Hinter dir!\", rief ich, als ich ein Schattenvieh sah, das auf ihn zu sprang. Er wirbelte herum und stieß es zurück. Alles schön und gut, aber ich verlor bald den Halt, meine Hand rutschte schon ab. „Cloud..!\", ich rief es leise, gequält. Er warf das Vieh vom Dach, ich sah es an mir vorbeifliegen. Dann verlor ich den Halt, einen Moment sah ich alles in Zeitlupe: Cloud, wie er herumwirbelte, wohl wegen dem Schrei, der aus meinem Mund kam, den ich aber nicht hörte. Cloud, wie er hervorhechtete. Seine Hand umschloss mein Handgelenk, er selber rutschte aber ab. Seine andere Hand verfehlte die Kante. Jedoch sah ich keine Unsicherheit in seinem Blick. Er schlang den Arm um mich, wohl bedacht der Verletzung die ich davongetragen hatte, und landete mit einem schmerzhaften Ruck auf den Füßen. „Bist du ok?\", fragte er auf mein Stöhnen hin. Ich nickte, verzog aber das Gesicht. Diesmal entschied er sich dafür, mich nicht abzusetzen sondern trug mich zu Reno hinüber. „Bring sie zu Tifa, sie wird ihr helfen können.\", befahl Cloud und übergab mich Reno, der ebenfalls nicht duldete, dass ich alleine ging. Während er die Straße hinunterhetzte verlor ich zum dritten Mal an diesem Tag das Bewusstsein.[Chapter 7] „Sie wird's nicht schaffen, Cloud!\", hörte ich Renos Stimme, wie durch eine Wattewand hindurch. Ein kleines Lächeln schlich sich auf meine Lippen. Da war etwas, das amüsierte mich ungemein, an der ganzen Situation. War es meine eigene Schwäche? Vermutlich. *Lachhaft!* knurrte ich mich selbst an, gedanklich. Ach was, so schwach war ich nicht, ich war nur nicht in Form. Ich schlug die Augen auf und sah ein helles Licht, das jede Sekunde einmal mein Sichtfeld hinunterrannte. Ich identifizierte es als eine, beziehungsweise mehrere, Lampen, die an der Decke eines Ganges hangen. An der Seite meines Blickfelds erschien Clouds angespanntes und besorgtes Gesicht. Da war etwas, etwas was wir gehabt hatten. Ich sah es in seinem Blick, konnte mich aber selber nicht daran erinnern wie es sich anfühlte. Mein Herz war ein Stein, nicht mal um mich selbst trauerte ich mehr…[Chapter 8] Ein stetiges Piepen drang an mein Ohr. *Mach es weg, es nervt.* dachte ich. Als es nicht aufhörte, begann ich, lauter zu denken: *Mach es aus! Es nervt mich!* Ich merkte selbst nicht, dass ich nur dachte. Als es schließlich Kopfschmerzen bei mir auslöste, richtete ich mich ruckartig auf und fing an zu schimpfen. „Mach es verdammt noch mal aus!\", fauchte ich, aber meine Stimme verlor an Wut, je länger der Schmerz in meiner Hüfte andauerte. Ich ließ mich zurück auf die Kissen sinken und schaute mich um. Das Piepen kam wohl von einem Apparat der meinen Herzschlag aufzeichnete. „Komisch…\", murmelte ich, nun war mir nicht bewusst, gesprochen zu haben. „Was ist komisch?\", fragte eine Stimme die ich im ersten Moment nicht einordnen konnte. Ich wandte den Kopf und ein kleines Lächeln huschte über mein Gesicht: Reno sah ziemlich verschlafen aus. „Hast du etwa die Nacht da verbracht? In diesem Stuhl?\" Sah ziemlich unbequem aus. Reno schüttelte den Kopf und antwortete gähnend: „Die letzten drei Tage.\" Ich hob eine Augenbraue. „Wegen mir?\", fragte ich unschuldig und ungläubig, allerdings kam er nicht zum Antworten, denn die Tür schwang auf und Cloud stürzte herein. „Du bist wach?\", ich wusste gar nicht wie mir geschah, als er plötzlich schon seine Arme um mich schlang und mich an ihn drückte. „Ja Blondchen ich freu mich auch dich zu sehen.\", murrte ich verschlafen und grinste leicht. Cloud ließ nicht wirklich locker, woraufhin ich ihm leicht den Rücken tätschelte. Warum war ich nochmal verletzt? Ach ja, weil unser Blondchen so ein Dickschädel war. Hatte ich verdrängt. „Du kannst jetzt loslassen, Cloud.\", lächelte ich leicht entnervt. Was immer da gewesen war, zwischen uns, es gab ihm jetzt nicht das Recht mich zu erdrücken. Er entschuldigte sich mit ernster Miene und begutachtete den Verband um meine Wunde. Er war nicht mehr so blutig wie ich angenommen hatte, anscheinend heilte es schneller als ich es in Erinnerung behalten hatte. „Was ist aus dem Vieh geworden?\", fragte ich. „Wir haben es besiegt.\", meinte Reno trocken, ihm schien es genauso unangenehm wie mir, dass Cloud so vertraut reagierte. Ich bemerkte den ernsten Gesichtsausdruck der Beiden und seufzte. „Besiegt, nicht eliminiert.\", fügte ich hinzu, anscheinend hatten sie es nur irgendwie geschafft es zu verdrängen. ","Summary":" Ich schritt durch die zerstörten Straßen Midgars, ließ den Blick schweifen. Vor kurzer Zeit hatte h"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Will they see each other again?","Author":"hrhwolflover94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9393310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 '' did anyone see that'' Charlie asked me after he fell from the balcony, she looked up and seen Lorenzo and Claire walking towards them, she looked down at him and smiled at him and said ''no one saw'' he stroked her face and said ''that's good'' she looked at him and said ''can you move'' ''only my lips'' and they kissed while the rest of the wedding party came and see them. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx That was one month ago, they had stayed with Claire and Lorenzo for that time they both weren't ready to say goodbye they were able to get the time off from work, they enjoyed the time. They went to trips to the local towns, Sophie was able to help the secretary's of Juliet with writing their letters and she was able to write more as well. More importantly they were both able to spend time with each other. It was now a Saturday and Sophie needed to go back to New York for work on Monday, she had said goodbye to Claire and Lorenzo and Lorenzo's family and said that she would speak to them soon. Charlie was driving her to the airport they couldn't say a word to each other otherwise it would seem to real to them that they would be separated for at least two months. ''I don't want to leave you'' Sophie turned around to him and hugged him; they were now at the airport he couldn't get pass the check in side. They were in their own little world it was really just bench at the airport before Sophie had to her flight. He was trying to be strong for her but nearly broke down while they were hugging, it took him 10 minutes to reply '' I know soph but you need to go to work and will talk every day I don't want to go a day without hearing your voice'' she looked at him then and said ''I don't want to either we also have to talk no matter what'' They then kissed each other and then she got her bag walked away from him and then turned around and said ''goodbye Charlie, I love you'' ''goodbye for now Sophie, I love you'' Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx That was a year ago to the day, with Sophie writing more story's she couldn't get away she had a few days off but they were spent finding new inspirations for story's and seeing her family. She was miserable though without Charlie she, needed him and was wondering if they would get to see each other again. Charlie was working hard now in Italy, he was able to move there and get a job similar to old one but was now able to see his gran and Lorenzo together, he could see that why in love and that he knew Sophie was right to do that trip to find him. He talked to her every day and they even skyped when they had the time to. He missed her and wanted to have with him not through a computer screen or down the phone; he could tell that she was missing him as well. However with his work being the way that it was he wasn't able to see her. He didn't know that the one person he missed and who missed him was coming to Italy and was going to be there for a long time What could be the person be doing in Italy will he pleased to see her? Will Sophie and Charlie be able to see each other again?[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Why is the person going to Italy? Will Sophie and Charlie be able to see each other again? He didn't know that the one person he missed and who missed him was coming to Italy and was going to be there for a long time Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx Sophie's POV She landed in Italy, just after 8 in the morning. She was going to be here for a full year and this was so that she could do a sequel to her story about, Lorenzo and Claire she got permission from work and was able to fly out the next day after the meeting. She would also be looking for anything else that could be used for another story that was just as good as that story. She was so excited about this she would be able to see Charlie again, she couldn't wait and found it hard to not ring or text him right there. She wanted to surprise him though so she didn't do anything. Once she was booked into her room she was staying in she unpacked and changed, from her jeans and top and to her sandals, shorts and vest top. She was going to see Verona today and go back to see the secretaries of Juliet to see if they could help her with a new story. It was just after lunch she was her way to the Secretaries when passing a restaurant that business people were eating in she seen someone that made her face light up brightly, even more so when he noticed her. Charlie's POV He was on his lunch break with one of his co-workers and they were just leaving the restaurant, when he stopped to look around for a bit he was still happy with his decision about moving there. When he looked around he had seen that there was couples hugging and kissing one another. He couldn't but feel jealous; he wanted that to be him and Sophie. He was about to walk away when he suddenly saw someone that would make his day all the better. His girl was standing not that far from him, there was no-one walking past them so he was able to see her fully. She was wearing shorts, vest top, and sandals and a giant smile on her face when she looked at him. He smiled back at her and started to walk towards her. Once they were in front of one another, he engulfed her loving embrace while she had her head in the crook of his neck. They pulled back slightly and kissed one another. It was not a sweet kiss but a passionate one, that would leave them breathless, and all the while he kept on thinking that he couldn't be any luckier to have someone like her in his life and that this was the best day in his life. Sophie's POV She missed his kisses and loved being back in his arms, she was able to feel whole again she had missed feeling like that for so long and she missed him. Once they had kissed, until breathing becoming necessary he looked at her and she could tell he couldn't believe that she was here and he was surprised, this is what she wanted to do him. ''what are you doing here, and why didn't you tell me you were coming'' he asked her. She just smiled and said ''I'm doing a piece for my job, and I didn't tell you because I wanted to surprise you'' he smiled at her, she smiled shyly in return and said ''how did I do.'' He smiled and said ''very well'' Charlie's POV He wanted to stay with her all today but he had to work, so he turned to her and said ''I would love to stay with you, but I have to get back to work'' she just smiled at him and said ''that's fine go on, I will meet you later. Here the hotel I am staying and my room number'' She was staying in a hotel, she could have stayed with us and she knew that but if she wanted to surprise, it would make sense. He leaned down to her and said ''I will pick you up from the hotel you will be staying with me and gran, no questions asked.'' She laughed at me and smiled ''you sure about that I won't be a distraction for your work'' she was the best and I had missed her so much ''no need to worry about that, I don't do any work at home, plus you would be a welcome distraction'' She smiled at him, hugged him and started to walk away '' I will see you later'' she said with a wink and walked away. He couldn't wait to see her tonight and he knew that gran would be pleased to her see. What will happen tonight? Will Claire be happy to see her? Find out next chapter ![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 AN: I'm sorry that this is coming after so much time from the other chapters but a lot has been going on with me anyway I hope you enjoy it, am I also going to start writing with I's instead of He or She for the own POV's. What will happen tonight? Will Claire be happy to see her? Charlie's POV I got back to work and couldn't keep the smile from my face, everyone at work had started to ask me what was with the smile and when I told them, that Sophie was back they were all happy for me. I couldn't help but thank them for that. When it came to 3 o'clock I rang gran up ''hello Charlie'' she had got caller idea and she knew it was me because I always rang her at this time, just to make sure she was all right or if needed me to pick anything up on the way home. This time I would be but she wouldn't know until dinner or earlier if my plan works. ''Hey gran, are you all right do you need me to pick anything up for you?'' ''I'm all right Charlie and no not this time but you sound happy have you spoke to Sophie today?'' I chuckled lightly if only she knew ''Yea I did we spoke during lunch'' ''aww that's great love I will let you get back to work I will see you for dinner'' ''yes you will bye gran'' I hung up, sighed and then put my head back and just thought that in hours' time I will be leaving to see my Sophie again and I was looking forward to it. Sophie's POV Once Charlie went back to work I continued to walk down the pathways to find myself in front of the secretaries of Juliet, I seen Isabella talking to her mother and the other secretaries. I walked and they saw me straight away. We ended up talking about everything and just catching up, when I left them it was 3 Charlie told me that he was going to pick me up at 4:30 so I walked back to the hotel but, I stopped at Juliet's wall and seen all of the letters and women there, writing their letters. I was suddenly reminded of the when I found Claire's letter and the journey I took with them to find Lorenzo. I loved every minute of it and it made me realize that it was during that journey that I fell in love with Charlie and I was glad for it, while walking back to the hotel I suddenly had a flashback of our first kiss. Flashback (AN: scene from movie, with some words missed out to get back to the main story) It was the night of the day that Charlie had apologized to me and I was taking a walk when I found him, lying on the grass. I walked up to him and said ''May I join you?'' he responded with ''Please'' I then lay down beside him and he said he was sorry again. I looked at him then back up at the stars and started to tell him about, how I used to lay under the stars as a kid in the summertime. We then started to quote Shakespeare's Hamlet, which went a little like '' Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth be a liar, But never doubt I love'' We then moved on to the other things such as him asking me if Lorenzo was still out there and if he was wrong for insist that she quit, I told him my thoughts on both of them. When he made the comment about being a school boy I just smiled at him and said what it was that I thought as well, we both then leaned in to kiss one another. I was glad that it happened because it made me realize more that I liked him, but then I walked away. End of Flashback I was back at the hotel now and it had just turned 4 I had half an hour to get ready before Charlie came to pick me up…or so I thought. While waiting for the elevator to come down, I felt someone put their arms around me and hug me into their chest and I knew it was Charlie; I would recognise his chest and arms anywhere. I turned in his arms and seen his eyes and seen the love in them for me and I knew that I wanted to stay here for as long as possible, I missed him too much. I leaned up and gave him a gently a kiss on his lips and felt him smile as I pulled away ''Hi'' ''Hey'' the elevator came down and we got in, I leaned into his chest and said ''your early'' he chuckled lightly and kissed my neck and said ''I know I wanted to surprise you but I was wondering what you were, thinking off when you came in you had a big smile on your face'' I waited to answer him till we were in my hotel room, once we were I wrapped my arms around his neck and said ''I was thinking off our first kiss'' he just smirked at me and said ''I did love that night, I never stopped thinking about it'' I nodded at him and then gave him a another kiss which turned into a passionate make out session. Once air became necessary we pulled apart, I looked at him and in eyes I seen love and longing, I knew what for but we had to wait for later for that I wouldn't do it when I wanted to see Claire again, I gave him one more peck which he tried to deepen, but I pulled away. I started to walk to the closet and said ''help me pack then we go'' I said with a slight smirk when I turned around to see him scowling at me and he just sighed and said ''you tease'' I was happy to back with him and what's life without a little bit of teasing. Charlie's POV I helped her pack which take that long she hadn't unpacked all her stuff just two outfits and we were on our way back home, by 4:30 we would make it back for dinner with time to spare and that might be just the time I need, to sneak Sophie in and surprise them at dinner. We sang along to some of the songs on the radio on the drive, but we just held hands and Sophie stared out the window, I felt complete with her. One of the songs on the radio came on in English I knew it straight away and started to sing along with it. '' I set out on a narrow way many years ago Hoping I would find true love along the broken road But I got lost a time or two Wiped my brow and kept pushing through I couldn't see how every sign pointed straight to you [Chorus:] Every long lost dream led me to where you are Others who broke my heart they were like Northern stars Pointing me on my way into your loving arms This much I know is true That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you (Yes He did)'' I could feel Sophie staring at me because she hadn't heard me sing in a while and I glanced at her and could feel her smiling at me and I was glad that this song meant a lot to her as well as me. I think about the years I spent just passing through I'd like to have the time I lost and give it back to you But you just smile and take my hand You've been there you understand It's all part of a grander plan that is coming true. I thought about it and knew it was true we both had been some bad break ups and now we were together, for the last part of the song she sang along with me and I loved it because, we both sang the song had when she was last here become our song and I loved that she remembered that. [Chorus] Yeah. Now I'm just rolling home Into my lover's arms This much I know is true That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you. That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you.'' We got to the entrance of our home, I seen everyone out doing the jobs that they were meant to do and Sophie slouched in her seat to be unseen, I had told her about wanting to surprise Gran and she had agreed. We were able to get the car into garage, with it being a large family house we were able to have our room on the top floor since we were the youngest besides the kids. I hadn't left that room since Sophie left last time and I didn't want to either it reminded me of her when she wasn't here. We had managed to get up the stairs without being seen, I knew that gran had seen me come in but I was hoping that she hadn't seen Sophie. We got a quick shower after unpacking Sophie's things and then we heard the call saying it was time for dinner. I turned to Sophie who was now wearing a simple white dress, with a necklace that I got her last year which was a sliver heart and white sandals to go with it, she looked beautiful and I knew I was lucky to have her and was glad to call her mine. ''you ready?'' she nodded her head and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. Now I just hoped that Gran liked the surprise that I had gotten for her. Will Claire like the surprise? Will Sophie be able to find inspirations about her story in Lorenzo's vineyard? How long will she stay in Italy? Please Review! Song- The broken road by Rascal Flatts[Chapter 4] Author's note! I am sorry to you all about how long it has taken me to upload new chapters to all of my stories. This has been because I've not only had writers block for one or two of the next chapters but also because I've been dealing with starting University again, but also dealing with the loss of my mum as well. All of these stories will be continued in the New Year and I am hoping that you will be willing to wait for me to get the next chapters up. ' Aleu's return' and 'Will they see each other again' have both got only a few chapters left, for 'What will see discover' has got one left and then a sequel which shall be called 'Will they make it' all of these story's will be updated and added in the new year either late January or mid-February I hope you will be willing to wait for that long and I'm sorry that it's taken me this long to get an update to all you about this and that I've not lost that many readers from this. HAPPY NEW YEAR! And I hope you will continue to read my story's in the New Year Thank you![Chapter 5] Oh wow I didn't even realize I had left this story with a little cliff hanger and it has been a while since I have done this story but I hope that you enjoy it after so long not having a chapter, let's get on with shall we? So last time Charlie brought Sophie back home and they were about to go for dinner and surprise Claire? Let's see what happens Chapter 4 Charlie's POV I brought Sophie downstairs and before we went into to eat I turned to her and said ''wait here, I'll call for you in just a minute'' She nodded her head as, I walked into the room and seen my gran and Lorenzo at the top with a spare chair for me next to Gran, when she seen me she smiled and said ''what took you dear?'' I chuckled slightly and said ''I've got a surprise for you Gran'' ''What is it?'' I nodded my head to Sophie who came towards me with a smile. I heard Gran gasp and when we looked back at her she was smiling and coming towards Sophie with a smile on her face. ''oh my dear, it's so good to see you again'' Sophie's POV I couldn't believe how happy I was that Claire liked that I was back, I don't know why I thought that she wouldn't be. I looked at Charlie while hugging Claire and he just had the biggest grin on his face as if he couldn't get rid of it. I smiled back and loved seeing him happy. As me and Claire pulled away I seen Lorenzo had gotten a chair for me next to Charlie, there wasn't as many of the family there tonight because they were all busy as Charlie told me. I walked back with Claire, kissed Lorenzo on the cheek as a welcome then sat next to Charlie who straight away put his hand on my knee and started to rub his thumb over in a caress. For the rest of dinner I caught up with each member of the family that was there and talked to all of them until long after dinner, until some of them had to take the children to bed and others wanted to retire. I bid goodnight to each of them, until it was just me, Charlie, Claire and Lorenzo. ''will you come take a walk with me Sophie?'' The question came from Claire and I smiled while nodding, she looked at her Lorenzo and said ''why don't you and Charlie join us at the gazebo and we can have a glass of wine before we go to sleep?'' Lorenzo nodded while kissing her cheek, which was the same that Charlie did to me. While we walked around I told Claire about my reason for being here. ''so you are here to do a sequel to the story that you wrote last time you were here?'' ''Yes but there is another reason, why am I'' ''Oh what might that be?'' I hesitated before telling her ''please don't say anything to Charlie till I know for sure that it will happen'' Claire nodded her head so I continued ''the people I write for have a new place opened up here and they have asked me to join them here because they feel, that I will be able to find more inspirations for a story here'' Claire was smiling widely and said ''so you could move here?'' I nodded my head but my smile wavered slightly and I said one of my fears ''I could but I need to speak to Charlie about it first and see what he says and feels about it, plus I don't know if he wants me around for that long.'' I sighed and continued ''it'd going to be different now that I am here for most of the time'' Claire made me stop and looked at me ''my dear he cares for you deeply and you must understand that, while you have been gone he doesn't smile as much as he does when you are you around, he loves very much don't doubt that'' I needed that, I knew if I told Charlie my fears he wouldn't have told me how he was really feeling during our time apart. We had reached the gazebo and our men where there talking to each other, and Charlie had a blanket for us I could see it over his legs and I just wanted to curl up next to him when I see then that. Which is what I did, I enjoyed being able to cuddle with him after being away from him for so long. He kissed me on my head and I snuggled deeper to him. I looked over at Claire and Lorenzo who were just hugging and clinking their glasses together. ''here your wine'' I heard him whisper to me. As I looked down and seen the glass he was offering me I smiled back at him ''thanks'' We all just there and enjoyed the feeling of being together with someone that you loved. It wasn't long that Claire and Lorenzo were saying goodnight to us. Then it was just myself and Charlie, there was no rush for us to go to sleep. It was the weekend tomorrow and he didn't have work so they could stay out and enjoy the night air and enjoy being back together again. ''You all right?'' He looked up at him and said ''never been better now'' He smiled back at me and said ''you never looked better'' I blushed at that and kept eye contact with him. He leaned down and gave me a passion filled kiss, that was going to leave me breathless and it did but also allowed desire to shoot through me for me and leaned into him. He pulled back to look at me and I could see the desire in his eyes but also the passion he had. ''shall we go upstairs?'' he whispered to me and all I could do was nod. Following morning Charlie's POV I woke up and found Sophie laying on my chest looking so comfortable and right there I realized I wanted more with her not just her being my girlfriend, I wanted her to be my wife after being apart for a year. This is what I wanted more than anything. I just had to hope that she would say yes and stay here with me. She might have to find a job but she could always work with the secretaries of Juliet. He needed to mention his ideas to her first and see what she was thinking. No-One's POV As Charlie sat there wondering his future without knowing what Sophie's was they had no idea what all of this could do to their relationship but they were in for a bumpy ride to find out. Long time this has been huh? Sorry about that but has been busy anyway How long will it take for Sophie to Charlie her plans? How about Charlie when will he do his plans? Will they get married? Find out next time! Let me know what you think and if you are enjoying it, I do like reviews so please let me hear what you all think See you next time![Chapter 6] AN: Hey everyone sorry it's been a while that I've uploaded anything for this story, been busy with my final year of University. Should be able to now upload more for this story and others. Hope you like this new chapter, there is going to be maybe one or two more chapters on this I never planned for it to be a long story. So hope you like it. It's going to be based a few weeks after the chapter. Let's see what is happening! Chapter 5 How long will it take for Sophie to Charlie her plans? How about Charlie when will he do his plans? Will they get married? Sophie's POV I was currently sitting next a fountain and taking a break from doing my follow up story. I had an offer from three different newspapers. I hadn't yet told Charlie he has been busy with work and something else that he hadn't told me about. He was busy nearly all the time, and he was trying to plan something…for what I have no idea. Over the past couple of weeks we had been busy, I was talking to Claire and Lorenzo and spending time with them. Learning their story about what they have been through for their first year together. When I wasn't spending time with them I was spending time with Lorenzo's family, Charlie and then some of my other friends that I had made here on the last trip that I was out. Suddenly there was a pair of hands over my eyes ''Hello, why you by yourself?'' I giggled hearing Charlie's voice ''waiting for someone why kind sir why are you here?'' He chuckled then sat next to me ''really soph, that's your response how did you know it was me?'' I smiled and leaned against him and said ''I knew it was your hands plus its around the time you said that you would meet me anyway'' I couldn't help but giggle a little, he was off now for two weeks and we were taking a break and going on a road trip with Claire and Lorenzo. We were going on the same road trip that we took to find Lorenzo and end up back at his vineyard, where they were reunited. Charile squeezed my hand and said ''you ready to go then?'' ''Yea let's go'' Charlie's POV I took her to the car where Gran and Lorenzo was waiting for us and then we were off, back to the first city that we went but that started it all off. We walked around and went back to the wall of Juliet, I could see that Sophie was more interested in the woman that was walking around. There was some crying, some silent sobs, some happy and joyful, others with small families. ''this is where I put my letter to for her to answer me about my problems with you'' I heard Gran tell Lorenzo He just nodded his head and said ''at least you finally got a reply'' I felt Sophie touch my hand and said ''I'm glad that I found that letter of hers other wise this wouldn't have happened'' I sigh and smile at her and say ''I know, let's go and see the secretary's'' She nods and we go off to see them. We end up spending the rest of the night talking to the woman and hearing some of the letters that they are replying to, they ask Sophie to come back tomorrow before we leave and help with some of them. ''Really?'' ''of course you helped so much with Claire and it will be lovely to have you in the office again'' ''okay then'' she turns to me and says ''can you find something to do while I'm doing this then babe?'' ''Of course, I'll go shopping or just take a walk around and meet up with you after wards'' She gives me a peck on the lips and then turns back to the others while having my arms wrapped around her. The next morning we said goodbye to her and then I went for a walk with Lorenzo and Gran and I could see, Grans face and it had a smirk on it. ''What's with the smirk Gran?'' ''oh nothing just wondering about something'' ''What would that be?'' I was curious now and we sat down at an ice cream parlour. ''Just when are you going to make your move and ask Sophie to marry you'' I choke a little on my ice cream and say ''Gran how did…what….what makes you think I'm thinking about doing that?'' She smiles more at me and just says ''I can tell hunny and besides I can tell how much you want her to stay here with us and everything, so….''I knew I couldn't hide anything from her I chuckle and get out the ring that I'm hoping to put on her finger by the end of this road trip and show her it. She gasps and smiles at me and says ''that is going to look fantastic on her and she is going to love it'' I take back of her and look at it myself and say ''I hope that she does and that she says yes as well'' I hear Lorenzo chuckle and say ''she will say don't worry about that one son'' I smile at them both and put the ring away and just in time for Sophie to come back to us. ''Hey hunny'' ''Hey'' We give each other a peck on the lips and then she sits next to me and talks to Gran about what she bought, then the letters she got to read today. ''they were all so heart wrenching there was one about a young woman that, has so many past relationships fall. She is worried about her current relationship. In the past she went out with people that ended up betraying her and I don't like seeing people like that'' ''how bad was she betrayed?'' Gran asked Sophie sighed and said ''the girlfriend she was with cheated on her with another woman that doesn't like her and ended up seeing behind her back for most of their relationship. Then ended up cheating on that woman and trying to get back with her, while she was trying to get with someone else'' ''that is a lot of drama and horrible at the same time, what kind of advice did you give her?'' Lorenzo asked. ''I said to her that even though you have been hurt in the past and you are now friends with this woman be careful about fully telling her about her current relationship. This would be so that she wouldn't feel hurt about anything that might happen, then as well her old flame couldn't try and break them up.'' She sighed again and said ''Over all I wanted her to understand that all of the bad relationships are meant to happen so that, they could help her with the one relationship that will be true to her. If this relationship is that then it will be really good and be full of challenges but will be worth it in the end'' I could just imagine all of that advice helping some woman out with a relationship and how it could also help other woman out. ''any others that was interesting?'' Gran asked She took a moment to answer and said ''yes there was a slightly older woman that needed help with deciding if it would be easier for her to turn lesbian'' ''can someone turn lesbian?'' I asked ''while they normally can tell if they like women more than men, for others they have had experiences with both sexes and they prefer the experiences that they have had with women. For others is that they have had the experiences with men but haven't enjoyed then see what it is like with woman and have enjoyed it more'' ''so it just matters on what your feelings are?'' I ask trying to understand ''Yes something like that but I just said to her that if she wants to do that then do it but don't think that it is going to be an easy change for her, and suddenly she is going to find a lot of women that are interested in her. It's not that easy and she needs to be ready for that but I wished her luck and to write to us again with hopefully good news, or more advice.'' She finishes explaining I nodded at her and said ''right that makes sense, huh it's a good thing you know about this to help her out then hun'' ''Yea I suppose so but I just know a lot of people that have went through this, so I know what to say'' I kiss her head and say ''that's cool, using experience to help someone out I'm glad that you are you and helping people out'' She chuckles and says ''Glad to know you think that'' We got up then went back to the hotel, packed and then went back to the car and continued the road trip. This is the end of this chapter I hoped that you enjoyed, the topic about the lesbians and stuff came up last week with a friend of mine and this is sort of the advice that I gave her. I wanted to give any of you that was going through any of this type of situation similar advice, there isn't many people who others can turn to and I'm hoping that this will help any of you in this situation. You can message me any time you want if you any of you want advice or read other fanfictions that have similar topics and find the answers that you are searching for, I know I have found answers to questions through fanfiction and other writers. I hope that this helps any of you. QUESTIONS FOR NEXT CHAPTER…When is Charlie going to propose? Will Sophie say yes? Will Sophie tell Charlie that she is might be staying forever and about the job offers? I hope to see you all in the next one and that you review and let me know what you think. See everyone in the next one![Chapter 7] AN: Hello again everyone, hoped you enjoyed the last chapter and that you will enjoy this one as well. Questions from last chapter…. When is Charlie going to propose? Will Sophie say yes? Will Sophie tell Charlie that she is might be staying forever and about the job offers? Let's find out! Chapter 6 Sophie's POV The next city we went to was where we sat by the tree and decided to use the ring on find Lorenzo. ( AN: I'm crap at remembering city names so I'm just going, of what I remember of the show and putting them in different cities/towns hope this is okay with everyone). ''remember we argued a lot here and I remember you didn't like a story that Clara told us about her and Lorenzo'' Charlie groaned from behind me and I couldn't help but smile as he said ''did you have to remind me I didn't that to remember that'' ''but it was so fun when your face went red'' I turned around and looked at him ''much like right now'' We laughed while Charlie buried his head in my hair. I looked out at the scene and loved it, it was a wonderful place some place that I would write about with this story. ''come on I want to talk you somewhere'' he whispered into my ear I nodded at him and said to Clara ''we will be right back'' ''okay Charlie'' As we walked away I noticed that we weren't heading towards where the car was we were heading across to this small grotto, there was a bunch of trees but a path that I could see through the trees. ''where are we going?'' ''You'll see babe'' I just sighed, leaned into him and just enjoyed the feel of being with him. As we walked I started to hear more bird songs and water, and as we came through the path we came upon a clearing that was breath taking. There was a large lake that had a small bridge and another small island in the middle with a gazebo that had been made so people could enjoy the scenery more. That's where we currently heading but I was too busy looking around to notice. There was so many different coloured birds that I didn't know what some of them were, I noticed a family of swans and quickly took a picture of them. Before continuing and noticing the other wild life, from ducks to frogs to fish to small mammals. It was such a good wonderful place to collect my thoughts and think about everything that I wanted to do left to do, but there was something else that I needed to think about. My boss had called me yesterday and said that there was a new position that was opening at the small paper that they had here, it would be working on different articles that I got to choose from but there was one on the secretaries of Juliet. They wanted a full back story and then comparison on how they did it in the past compared to now, it was something that I would love to write about But there was a problem, I didn't know if I and Charlie would be staying together or if we would stay together for that long. I didn't know if he was thinking about us being together for long or for how long we would stay together. I had rang them back this morning and said that I would take it but I didn't even, know what was in the future for us and I had to tell them. Claire would be happy I knew that and so would Lorenzo, but as for Charlie would he. I couldn't help but have doubts there was only so much I could take with being in a relationship, that for as much as I could tell was going strong and sooner or later I could tell that we may take that next step. But did he want that I didn't know, there was no hint at that and he seemed to be happy now that I was here for year, he didn't know just yet that I was staying for longer and that he would get to see me for as long as he wanted me around. But like any one that had been in a relationship beforehand couldn't help but compare them to one another. I was doing that now when I knew I shouldn't be couldn't help it. They were both sweet and it started out the same way for both of them, but I wanted this one to turn out better and I knew one thing for sure, Charlie wasn't like Victor. He paid attention to me and asked me questions. Victor was still a friend that I talked to every now and again and he was dating someone that was going really well with. I was happy for him and was glad that he had found someone, and that he had moved on. I wanted to stop comparing them but sometimes you couldn't help it. I glanced at Charlie then and smiled he looked so calm just staring out at the lake and looked to be deep in thought. I wonder how he would react to what I have to tell him, but what if he had a bad reaction to it, I wouldn't know what to do…..actually I would move closer to the city and be happy there instead. Then I would ignore any place that he worked at and then try to move on, but I didn't really want to he was it for me. I was taken out of my thoughts when he suddenly turned to me and said ''what do you think of this place?'' ''I love it so perfect and peaceful, it's amazing'' ''yep just the place I wanted to do this'' ''do what?'' ''ash you to marry me'' ''ask me to what'' ''I love you and want you in my life forever, I want to wake up every day knowing that you are going to be mine. I want to know that someday we could have kids and raise them together, living together. If you can't find a way to move here then we go and move to New York and be together there. Even though I think living here would be better and I know that you like living close to Gran and Lorenzo. We could make it work though, but altogether I want to know that we will be together for as long as we can and I want to grow old with you and be with you to grow old together. So what do you say love will you marry me?'' ''….I say….'' What will she say? I love cliff hangers they are so good. The next chapter will be soon just trying to find the perfect way to describe the ring and then telling Clara and Lorenzo. Hope that you all like it and that you review the next chapter will be longer, see you all next time Please Review and let me know what you think about this chapter! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 '' did anyone see that'' Charlie asked me after he fell from the balcony, she looked up a"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Priceless Moments","Author":"hippogriff-tamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9121747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is just a short drabble that I thought up the other day. I hope that you enjoy reading it... Disclaimer: I own none of the characters. Another giggle left my lips as I heard the front door open and close. \"What's so funny?\" I looked up from my laptop to see Charlie standing in the doorway. He was in his work attire-dark pants, white shirt and blue tie. \"The magazine asked people to send in pickup lines for a story and I just received an email containing some of them.\" He loosened his tie as he came closer and sat on the opposite end of the couch from where I was currently curled up. \"I'd wager that most of the lines are cheesy.\" \"They are. Like this one 'Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious' or 'How was heaven when you left?'\" Charlie rolled his eyes and shook his head. I smiled. \"If you like those then you'll love this one. A reader named Jo wrote that a guy asked 'Can I take a picture of you?' and when she asked why he answered 'I want Santa Claus to know exactly what to get me for Christmas.'\" \"Guys aren't the only ones that use pickup lines,\" Charlie said a moment later. \"Oh?\" He nodded. \"One of the legal secretaries used the line 'If I follow you home, would you keep me?' on me once.\" I laughed. \"Actually that one isn't bad. Once, a guy stepped on a piece of ice besides me then said 'Now that the ice is broken, what's your name?'\" \"Did you give him your name?\" \"He and I went on two dates because that made me laugh.\" \"I can't believe you dated him,\" Charlie said unhappily. \"It was only two dates. He and I were incompatible. Soon after I met Victor. Anyways here's another one from a reader. He said that when he first met his girlfriend that she used the line 'I'm going to need a tall glass of water, cuz baby you're making me HOT!' on him.\" \"I can't believe he fell for that one!\" he exclaimed forgetting about the earlier topic. \"Are there any other lines women have used on you?\" I asked him curiously. \"Once a girl asked 'Do you have a map?' and I asked why and she replied 'Because I'm getting lost in your eyes'\" I smiled. \"You do have nice eyes.\" \"Sophie, you have to admit that was cheesy.\" \"It was. How about 'Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged' or 'Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only TEN I see!'\" Charlie laughed as he shook his head. \"Who came up with these lines anyways?\" \"Someone who thought they'd work,\" I answered shrugging. \"Some women or men might find 'Hello. I'm a thief and I'm here to steal your heart.' Or 'You look cold. Want me to hold you close?' endearing.\" \"Do you?\" he asked me tentatively. \"Not really. They're funny to read but to hear them spoken to you by a stranger, it's not very flattering. They should just say 'Hi my name is…' and that would be a perfect first line.\" \"So what's the story about?\" \"Well, Bobby figures that summers in a few months and people will be thinking about summer romance so he asked me to write a story about finding romance and avoiding lame pick-up lines.\" \"Do you know what you're going to write yet?\" \"No, but I was thinking that since we met in the summer I'll come up with something.\" \"But not everyone is going find love when they venture to Italy to help someone find their long lost love,\" he pointed out. \"True, but that doesn't mean I can't help others,\" I responded, smiling at him. \"And what we had was a summer romance that turned into more…\" \"I thought this story was on summer romance.\" \"It's about finding romance this summer.\" \"And about avoiding lame pickup lines,\" Charlie added. I nodded in acquiescence. He turned towards me, draping his arm across the back of the couch. \"So, Ms. Hall how does one avoid lame pickup lines?\" I shrugged. \"I don't have an answer to that yet.\" \"Let me know when you come up with one.\" My curiosity peaked. \"Why? Has anyone tried to hit on you recently with a lame line?\" He nodded, frowning. \"Just today at lunch a woman came up to me and said 'Hey handsome, what's your sign?\" \"What did you say?\" \"My fiancé tells me I'm most like a Taurus.\" I gasped. \"Charlie! You didn't actually say that did you?!\" \"I did,\" he answered simply. \"You've been a bad influence on me.\" \"Is that such a bad thing?\" I asked, placing my laptop on the coffee table and scooting closer to him. He reached out and pulled me closer. \"Sometimes.\" \"Sometimes?\" I questioned. \"Hmm...and sometimes not,\" he said before leaning over and kissing me.[Chapter 2] A/N: I don't own any of the characters. \"So what was Charlie like as a child?\" Patricia turned to me and smiled. \"He was a lot like he is now.\" \"Really? You mean he was always serious, never wanting to partake in any fun?\" I asked his cousin. She laughed. \"He became more like that after his parents died. Before he was more of a troublemaker.\" I raised an eyebrow at her. \"Charlie? Our Charlie…a troublemaker?\" \"I know it's hard to believe but when we were children he would take me on adventures. He'd pretend that we were searching for a dragon or ogre.\" \"Were you a princess?\" She looked over at me from where we were sitting. We were sitting outside enjoying the nice weather after finishing lunch. \"Sophie, do you see me as being a princess?\" I looked at her. She was wearing a purple dress that hugged her body bellying her words, but after getting to know her these past months, I came to see that she was more like me. Someone who liked to solve puzzles and do the rescuing, not be the one needed to be rescued. \"No, I see you wanting to be a knight and slay the dragon yourself.\" \"You're right about that,\" she said smiling. \"So did Charlie really change after his parent's death?\" Patricia nodded solemnly. \"It was so sudden that no one was prepared for what happened.\" \"Were you close to them?\" \"Yes, we lived close by. Charlie was always either at my flat or I was at his.\" I smiled sympathetically. \"I'm sorry to bring up a sore subject.\" \"It's all right,\" she answered shrugging it off. \"Anyways Charlie's better now than he was before he met you. You've had quite the influence on Chuck.\" \"Chuck?\" Patricia giggled. \"That's what his mum used to call him but he hated it. When he went to live with Nana he asked to be called Charles or Charlie.\" \"I can't see him as a Chuck,\" I admitted. \"I wonder what he'd say if you called him that?\" \"I don't know.\" \"I think the next time he angers you, you should address him as Chuck and see his reaction.\" \"Patty!\" I scoffed using her nickname. She shrugged nonplussed. \"What? It'd be worth it to see his reaction.\" \"But you more than likely wouldn't witness it.\" \"I'd hear about it somehow. He was only known as Chuck when he was a child and Nana, my parents, and I are the only ones who probably remember that. And he knows Nana would never say anything to you about it. Nor would my parents.\" \"But you would apparently.\" She smiled. \"I would and I did.\" A/N: I hope to post more drabbles in the future as inspiration comes to me. HT[Chapter 3] A/N: This story follows chapter 2...hope you enjoy... Disclaimer: I own none of the characters... Charlie was sitting at the kitchen table when I arrived home. I was exhausted after a meeting with a potential story with a local magazine. \"Charlie,\" I said from the doorway. He was reading a letter not seeming to hear me. \"Charlie,\" I repeated a little louder. He turned in his chair. \"What?\" he asked angrily. I bristled at his tone. \"Nothing Chuck,\" I said harshly. \"Sophie, I'm sor…did you just call me Chuck?\" I nodded still angry at him. He must have seen the anger in my expression still. \"I'm sorry about using a cross tone with you.\" He sounded contrite. One look at Charlie and I knew that he was really sorry. \"What were you reading before I interrupted you?\" \"You weren't interrupting…..\" he sighed. \"It was a letter requesting documents that I already messengered over. The lawyer who wrote it was quite rude.\" \"Oh,\" I said not knowing how to proceed. \"Anyway,\" Charlie said before I could say anything else, \"what did you want?\" \"I…I can't remember.\" He took my hands and steered me to the couch. \"You know I was called Chuck when I was a child,\" he stated introspectively as we sat. \"I know,\" I said softly. \"How do you….Patricia told you, didn't she?\" \"She did. She also told me to call you that the next time you angered me.\" \"I'm not surprised,\" he muttered. \"Did she say anything else about me?\" I smiled. \"Yes. She said that you were a troublemaker when you were younger.\" \"Me? The troublemaker? I'm sure she failed to mention that she was the instigator for most of our 'adventures' and that everyone knew it. I just went along to keep her out of too much trouble.\" \"That..that…\" I began. He seemed amused at my stuttering. \"Seems like Patty Cakes.\" \"Patty Cakes?\" I asked smiling. He smiled back. \"She detests that nickname.\" \"As much as you dislike 'Chuck'?\" \"Yes.\" \"Do you think I should call her 'Patty Cakes' someday?\" I asked believing I already knew the answer. Charlie smiled wickedly. \"I think that would be fun to watch.\" I shook my head smiling. I never got to see this side of Charlie but I was enjoying it. \"Patricia knows how to get under your skin doesn't she?\" \"She's always known how to bring out my darker yet playful side.\" \"And me?\" He grinned mischievously. \"You bring out another more enjoyable side.\" Before I could question him about what he said, Charlie captured my lips in a heart melting kiss.[Chapter 4] A/N I don't own any of the recognizable characters or places... \"Sophie?\" a small voice asked. Her voice had an Italian accent to it. I looked up to see Bianca, Lorenzo's six year old granddaughter, standing in front of me. Her dark hair was in pigtails and she was wearing pink overalls. Her parents were teaching her both English and Italian but she seemed to favor English especially when Charlie and I were around. I smiled at her. \"Yes, Bianca.\" \"Are you and Charlie going to have a baby?\" \"We've only been married for two months.\" I shook my head stunned by her question. \"Issie said that mommy and daddies need to be married to have a baby.\" Issie was Isabella, her eleven year old sister. \"And you think since we are married Charlie and I should have a baby of our own?\" I asked her. She nodded. \"Issie also taught me a song. It goes first comes love, then comes marriage, then comes Charlie in a baby carriage.\" \"Issie taught you that?\" Bianca nodded again smiling. \"Huh huh.\" \"Didn't she teach you the beginning of the song?\" She wrinkled he nose. \"Yes but it's about kissing boys…Eew….\" I stifled a giggle. \"You won't always think that,\" I told her earnestly She didn't look convinced so I decided to change the topic. \"Weren't you going to play with Issie?\" Bianca pouted. \"She got a phone call and told me to leave.\" \"That's not very nice of her,\" I said frowning. She shook her head in agreement. \"You know what?\" I asked getting an idea. \"What?\" she answered. \"How about you and I play together?\" \"Really!?\" I nodded. \"Really.\" \"Okay!\" I smiled at her enthusiasm. \"What would you like to do?\" \"Wanna play with my dollies?\" I let out a small laugh. \"I'd love to.\" \"Okay, let's go…\" she said tugging at my hand. Standing before she could hurt my hand, I allowed her to lead the way to the villa. \"Sophie…\" she said when we were almost at the door. \"Yes?\" I asked looking down at her. She gazed up at me sweetly. \"I think you should have kids. You'd make a good mommy.\"[Chapter 5] A/N I know its been a while since I posted a drabble but inspiration was lacking so I apologize for the length in time between posts. With this drabble I want to thank H6p8gv for the use of this idea. Also I want to give a shout out to Sophie Capulet who wanted to see a drabble where Charlie and Sophie were parents. I hope that you enjoy this... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable characters... I took a sip of my gingerale and was about to place it on the wrought iron table beside me when I felt something bump into my leg. I looked in front of me to see a blonde haired, green eyed, six year old girl. She was wearing a brown sleeveless top that was made to look like leather and a brown pleated skirt. \"Ally, be careful!\" Charlie called from across the lawn. \"Sorry Daddy,\" she said before giving him a small smile. Our daughter, Allison, was holding a plastic sword as she pretended to be Xena Warrior Princess. She had loved the costume I got her since last Halloween. \"Apologize to your mother. You nearly hit her with your sword,\" he told her, coming closer. Ally turned to me looking guilty. \"Sorry Mommy.\" I smiled at her to show that I wasn't upset. \"Just watch where you're going next time, all right honey?\" \"I'll try,\" Ally answered nodding her head. \"I was looking for Bee. She is hiding and I'm trying to find her.\" Bee was Bianca, Lorenzo's thirteen year old granddaughter. \"Maybe she's hiding in those trees over there,\" I said pointing to a small copse of trees to my left. She smiled at me then ran over to where I pointed. \"Sophie? Are you okay?\" Charlie asked coming to kneel by where I was sitting. My hand gently rubbed my swollen stomach. \"We're fine,\" I told him referring to me and our unborn child. I was six months along with our second child. He placed his hand over mine. A moment later I felt a kick. Charlie and I both looked at each other and smiled. \"He's strong,\" he murmured. \"He?\" I looked away from Charlie and saw Claire. Charlie smiled at his grandmother. \"We just found out a couple days ago that we are having a boy.\" \"That's wonderful darlings,\" Claire stated hugging him then me. I smiled. \"Thanks. I always thought that since Ally is such a tomboy that she'd like to have a brother. They could play together.\" \"And be a protective older sister,\" Charlie added. \"And that,\" I agreed. \"What's Allison up to now?\" Claire asked. She was looking over at the copse of trees. I turned my head. \"Looking for Bianca.\" Claire shook her head. \"But Bianca is inside. I just saw her.\" \"Charlie will you go over and hint to her to look inside the villa?\" \"Sure, Sophie.\" He stood and kissed my forehead before walking over to our daughter. \"She's a handful,\" Claire said smiling. \"Are you sure you're ready for another one?\" \"Well we kind of have to be,\" I answered looking down at my baby bump. \"Have to be what?\" Charlie asked returning to my side. \"Ready for our son.\" \"We will be. Don't they say that it becomes easier after your first child?\" Claire laughed. \"Whoever 'they' are lied to you.\" \"But you did fine with Dad and Aunt Megan didn't you?\" Claire just nodded in agreement. \"So Sophie and I are doing all right with Ally aren't we?\" Again she nodded. \"Then I think we can handle her and her brother don't you agree love?\" he asked addressing me. I smiled and squeezed his hand. \"I do agree.\"[Chapter 6] A/N Here's another drabble :-)...this one has Charlie and his daughter Allison as the characters in it. I want to thank H6p8gv for suggesting \"Grampy\" as a name for Allison to call Lorenzo...I hope that you all enjoy... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable characters... PLOP! The smooth disk like rock hit the water's surface and sank within seconds. I groaned audibly and crossed my arms over my chest. Stupid rock! Why couldn't it just skip on the water!? Dads all did. \"Ally don't take it so seriously. This is supposed to be fun.\" I looked up to see my dad facing me. He looked almost sad. \"It's easy for you to say when all of yours glide across the water,\" I told him grumpily. \"Yours will too once you practice more. You're just learning,\" he said. I harrumphed. A chuckle came from beside me. I glared up at my father. \"Why are you laughing?\" \"You remind me of my mum-your grandmother. She used to get easily frustrated just like you.\" \"I'm not frustrated!\" I said indignantly. He handed me a small oval shaped stone. \"Let's try to skip another stone, what do you say?\" I took it tentatively. \"All right, it's better if you stand like this...\" He said standing so his legs were slightly parted with his right foot was facing towards the water and his left was behind it; his body angled towards me. He had another stone in his right hand. \"And you hold your hand like this,\" he added demonstrating the position for me. I mimicked him. \"Then you flick your wrist and let go.\" He did so and the stone flew through the air and it hopped along the water a couple times before sinking. I looked at the stone in my hand then at the water while Dad watched me with an encouraging smile. I turned my body to mimic the stance he just showed me. \"It helps if you take a breath before releasing the stone,\" he told me softly. I inhaled then exhaled slowly. Flicking my wrist, I let go of the stone and it skipped across the water. I smiled brightly at my success. Dad was smiling as well. \"See you just needed practice like I said.\" \"Who taught you how to do this?\" I asked curiously. \"My dad,\" he answered wistfully. \"I was about your age.\" I never met my grandpa but I'd heard a few stories about him from my great grandmother, Claire. \"Do you miss him?\" He nodded. \"I wish you'd had the chance to meet him.\" \"I bet we'd have fun like Grampy.\" Grampy was married to my great grandmother. He's not technically my great grandfather since my real great grandfather died many years ago but I didn't mind. He was fun to play with and he started teaching me Italian. Dad ruffled my hair and I scowled at him for messing it up. He just shrugged my scowl off. \"I'm sure you would Ally Cat.\" I found another rock and threw it. It went farther than any of the others we had thrown. \"Dad,\" I said turning to him. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you for teaching me this.\" He smiled. \"You're welcome Ally.\" \"Will you teach me more of what Grandpa taught you?\" \"Sure, though your mum might not like you to learn some of the things he taught me.\" I frowned. \"Why not?\" \"Because he taught me a lot of things that always got my clothes dirty.\" I didn't see the problem since I didn't mind getting dirty and I told him that. He laughed. \"I know you don't mind dirt but your mum wouldn't be happy if you ruin all your clothes.\" \"But it's no fun if you don't get dirty,\" I countered. He laughed again. \"She'd take you shopping if you need all new clothes.\" \"No!\" I shouted. \"No shopping.\" He was trying not to laugh again. \"Come on let's get you home.\" \"Okay. Can we come here again?\" He nodded as he took my hand and led me back to the car.[Chapter 7] A/N This story is about Claire and Lorenzo when they first met as teenagers. Thanks to h6p8gv for suggesting the idea and hope that you enjoy... Disclaimer: I own none of the characters... Every morning he would leave a note under my door and every morning I would smile as I read it. Usually the notes read that he was thinking of me or how beautiful I looked the day or night before but as I walked to my door this morning I knew that this note was different. It was rolled up like a scroll with twine and there was a red rose placed between the twine and paper. I gently picked them up and upon untangling the rose from the twine sniffed its sweet fragrance. Still holding the rose, I unrolled the note. Dear Claire, Last night as we dined outside golden strands of your hair fell from the elastic holding it back and caressed the delicate skin of your alabaster cheeks. How I wish that it had been just the two of us for I would have liked to have stopped envying those strands for they got to touch you when I couldn't. I was afraid that if I did touch your lovely skin last night I'd never would have stopped and I don't think that would have been appropriate in front of my parents would you? I still long to see and touch you. If you feel the same about me please meet me under the tallest tree at the edge of the meadow after class. I will be waiting for you. Lorenzo I smiled as I read his note. I had also imagined what his skin would feel like. Would it be callused from working on the farm? Would his touch be tender? If I had learned anything about Lorenzo since I met him I would hazard that the answer would be yes to those questions. I couldn't wait to see him! The day seemed to drag on but soon class was done and after packing up my gear I hurried to the tree. Lorenzo was leaning against it. He was wearing a green shirt and tan slacks. He smiled when he saw me and I smiled back. \"You came,\" he said sounding relieved. \"Of course I came.\" He walked over coming to stand only a few inches away from me. My heart began beating furiously with each step he took. I'm surprised that he couldn't hear it. He tentatively reached his fingers to my cheek and lightly touched it before drawing back a little. My skin tingled where he had touched it. I don't know what he saw on my face but he lifted his hand again and brushed his fingers more boldly across my cheek. \"So soft,\" he murmured. This time my skin blazed where his fingers went. His touch was so gentle and I could feel calluses. I smiled softly. \"What?\" He asked. His voice was low and filled with awe. \"You're touch is just as I imagined,\" I answered. He gasped. \"You imagined my touch?\" I nodded touching his arm wanting to feel his skin. It was warm and surprising soft. Lorenzo shivered as he looked down to where my hand was. \"Yours is even better than I ever imagined.\" ","Summary":" A/N: This is just a short drabble that I thought up the other day. I hope that you enjoy reading it"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Come With Me","Author":"hippogriff-tamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10402304","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hi welcome to my newest story which has been written in collaboration with H6p8gv. I want to give a big thanks to Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me. Its an AU story so some of the details are changed from the movie... I hope that you like... Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Prologue Come with me… Over the years those three words have changed my life many times... The first time was when I was five years old and my dad brought me to the library. He said those words before showing me that books could take you places that your feet couldn't. By the time we left, I had discovered a love for reading. The second time was when I was seven and my father asked me to go with him so that he could explain to me that my mother wouldn't be home anymore. I turned inward and began writing short stories to help express myself. During that time I found that I enjoyed writing and decided that that was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. The third time was when I was thirteen. Paul, a dark haired boy a grade older, said those words when he led me under the bleachers and kissed me quickly on the cheek. It was my first kiss from a boy and made me realize that not all boys were bad. In fact, it felt kind of nice. He was my first crush and one week later I kissed him back on the lips this time. It was only a peck but it felt much different than the one on my cheek-wet and sloppy. We dated for a month before he decided to start going out with another girl. The fourth time was when I was seventeen. My friend, Jen, wanted to get a head start on looking at colleges and she wanted me to come with her on a tour of Brown. It was on my short list of colleges I was interested in anyways so I acquiesced and a couple weekends later we went on a campus visit. I fell in love with the area and what they had to offer with the program I was interested in. By Sunday night I had decided that this was the university I wanted to attend. Jen ended up going to NYU. More recently my fiancé, Victor, said these words to me. He was scheduled to go to some auctions for his new restaurant in Italy and had asked me to go with him. We both had been so busy at work and a trip to Italy seemed to be the perfect place for us to spend some time alone together. It didn't turn out the way I expected. Instead of spending time with Victor, I toured Verona by myself while he attended his auctions. It wasn't all bad since I met some great people including the Secretaries of Juliet. I learned that people from all over the world wrote letters to Juliet about love, loss and family. The secretaries collected these letters, which were left at Juliet's house in Verona, and answered them. While learning this I found a letter that was written fifty years ago and answered it. In the letter the girl weaved a tale of lost love. I could've never imagined that I would meet the author of the letter and her grandson. They were on a journey to find that lost love. In joining them, I found my heart opening to more than I thought possible. At the end of the journey we did find her love and I returned to Victor a changed woman and two months later we broke up. I couldn't have imagined how those three little words were about to change my life again…..[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me... Chapter 1 The sun was shining brightly as I drove towards the beautiful villa in Italy. The fact that it was shining outside was a complete contradiction to what was going within me. I was in a word nervous. I had just called things off with my fiancé and jumped on a plane hoping that I might have a chance with someone who I only met two months ago. Someone who I haven't spoken to in two months. My nerves still hadn't abated when I reached the villa and parked. The outside looked just as I remembered except today there were signs pointing to the small chapel where the ceremony was taking place. When I was almost to the chapel door Charlie came out stopping me in my tracks. He was dashing in a gray suit. At seeing me, Charlie's step faltered a bit before he stepped closer. \"Sophie, hi.\" My lips twitched slightly. His voice was just how I remembered it with its rich accent. \"Hi Charlie.\" \"How are you?\" he asked tentatively. \"I'm well and you?\" Our pleasantries sounded awkward even to my ears. \"Good.\" Upon answering he just stood staring at me like he was unsure of what to say next. I could relate. This whole encounter a bit uncomfortable. \"How's Claire?\" I asked after a minute of silence. He grinned and I gasped. I think it was one of the first times I'd seen him grin and it lit up his face. His didn't let on that he heard my gasp but I thought that I saw his lips twitch. \"She'll be glad to see you.\" I smiled. I was looking forward to seeing her too. \"Did...\" \"Sophie...\" Charlie began at the same time. Letting out a small laugh I motioned for him to proceed. \"Can we speak after the ceremony?\" He asked. \"Sure,\" I answered wondering what he wanted to say. Before I could say anything else a brunette woman put her hand on Charlie's arm. She didn't look that much older than me and was wearing a beautiful sapphire gown. \"Charlie it's time,\" she said simply not looking at me. He glanced down at his wrist. \"Oh right. Thanks Patricia.\" Patricia? As in his ex-girlfriend? Since those last questions weren't spoken Charlie couldn't hear them. He told me that he would see me inside. I just nodded as Patricia took his arm and they walked away. A feeling of loss overtook me. Was I too late? I didn't have the chance to ponder this question since something touched my shoulder. I turned around to see Isabella standing behind me. She was wearing a dark blue gown with her hair swept up. \"Sophie,\" she greeted happily kissing my cheek. \"Isabella,\" I greeted back. I was pleased to see her. \"How are you?\" \"Good and you?\" \"I'm doing well.\" \"I've read your story, it was wonderful.\" I smiled in gratitude though I was a tad embarrassed. Writing was very personal and with this being my first story published in the New York Journal I was still getting used to getting so much praise. She was about to say something else but the beginning note of a song started. \"Do you know where you are sitting?\" I shook my head. \"Then come sit with us.\" I didn't know who us was but I agreed. We walked inside and found the other women who wrote letters with Isabella along with her mom, Angelina, already sitting. They were all dressed in beautiful gowns of varying colors. Kisses on the cheeks were exchanged and we sat awaiting Claire's arrival. Lorenzo was already standing at altar looking handsome in an outfit similar to Charlie's. He placed a hand over his heart and winked when he saw me. Next to him stood a shorter balding man wearing a white robe. He held a book in his hand. \"That's Reverend Kelley,\" Francesca told me. \"I attend his church on Sundays.\" I nodded in acknowledgement that I heard her. The song that was being played while everyone was seated stopped and a new song began announcing the bride's arrival. Claire and Charlie soon walked down the aisle. She squeezed my hand affectionately when she saw me sitting on her left with the rest of her friends and family. The ceremony was beautiful and I found myself smiling as Claire and Lorenzo said their vows. Their eyes conveyed such love and tenderness as they gazed upon each other. Soon they were declared husband and wife and everyone was getting ready to leave the chapel. \"You'll sit with us at the reception right?\" Maria asked. \"You must,\" Angelina prodded. I nodded and their faces lit up in smiles. Together we walked outside where the newlyweds were greeting guests. When Claire's eyes fell upon me the smile she already had on her face grew wider. \"Sophie!\" \"Claire,\" I greeted enthusiastically. She stepped closer and pulled me into her arms. \"Darling how are you?\" she asked in my ear. I pulled back and smiled. \"I'm good.\" She assessed me for a minute then said, \"I'm glad that you came.\" \"Me too. The ceremony was wonderful.\" At that moment Lorenzo came over and wrapped his arm around Claire's waist. \"Sophie,\" he said simply. \"Lorenzo,\" I answered back. Neither one of us got to say anymore before everyone was being herded to the reception area. Maria found a circular table in the middle with a clear view of the head table where we could sit. It had only been a couple minutes when Charlie appeared before me. \"Sophie, can we...\" He started. I knew that he wanted to talk so I nodded. Standing, I told my friends that I'd be back and followed Charlie to a clear area by a pink hued building. Stopping he turned looking nervous. \"Charlie why'd you want to speak to me?\" \"I...I saw your story,\" he answered. \"You brought me here to tell me that you saw my story?\" \"No.\" His voice stuttered like he was nervous. So far our interaction had been awkward. \"Charlie, maybe we should head back. I bet Patricia will be looking for you.\" He seemed surprised at my saying that name. I only knew it because he had said it earlier. \"Why would Patricia be looking for me?\" \"She's your girlfriend isn't she?\" \"Girlfriend?!\" He stated clearly surprised. Dawning came upon him. \"Patricia is my cousin.\" \"How is that legal?\" \"Sophie, no! There are two Patricia's. There's my cousin who's here and my ex who I've totally forgotten about.\" As these words sunk I couldn't help but feel relief and with it a sense of lightness enveloped me. \"So you are not here with anyone?\" \"No. to tell you the truth I was actually hoping that I'd see you here.\" He stepped closer as he spoke. \"Why?\" Charlie opened his mouth to say something then closed it. \"Charlie,\" I prompted. \"I love you Sophie.\" I took a step back shocked. That was the last thing I thought he would say. \"You love me?\" I had to make sure I heard him correctly. \"I do. I know you're engaged and I shouldn't have said anything but there it is.\" \"I'm not engaged anymore.\" \"You're not?\" I shook my head. \"Victor and I broke up.\" Several emotions crossed his face. Making my way over to him I cupped his cheek. \"Before you ask it's ok. I'm okay.\" \"How? I thought you loved him.\" \"I do.\" Charlie frowned at my words. \"But I'm not in love with him. I'm in love with you Charlie.\" He stood there gazing into my eyes while I stared right back at him so he could see the sincerity and truthfulness of my words. Suddenly a huge smile broke out across his face and we both inched closer to the other until our lips met. This kiss was better than our first. Our first kiss had been when we were staring up at the stars. We were caught up in a moment and it felt right and wrong at the same time. Wrong because I was still engaged to Victor at that time but right in that my heart was already on its way to belonging to Charlie. This kiss was filled with desire and love; more desire and love than I ever thought possible. Laughter from the reception ended our kiss. \"We should get back,\" I stated. \"Probably a good idea before Gran comes looking for us.\" Hand in hand we made our way back to the reception area returning to our seats but not without a quick kiss. Claire glanced at Charlie when he sat down next to her but words were not exchanged. Patricia, on the other hand, spoke to Charlie and he looked at me before smiling. \"Sophie is everything okay?\" Isabella asked. I turned to her. \"Yes.\" Before she could respond I felt a tap on my shoulder. I looked up to see Patricia standing there. She squatted a little so we were more at eye level with each other. \"Sophie, hi I'm Patricia, Charlie's cousin.\" \"Hi,\" I greeted back. \"I was just wondering if you might want to trade seats. That way you could sit next to my cousin who hasn't been able to take his eyes off of you since the ceremony.\" I peeked over her shoulder and saw that Charlie was indeed looking at us. I gave him a small smile before returning to Patricia. \"I think I'd like that.\" \"Okay then.\" Before I left I apologized to my friends for leaving and introduced them to their new table mate. Once that was done I walked over to Charlie. His eyes followed my every move. \"Hi,\" I told him upon sitting. His brow was drawn in confusion. \"Hi.\" \"Patricia offered to trade seats with me.\" He shook his head clearing amused by his cousins' recent activity. \"She's always up to something. She asked if we righted things between us when I sat down a few minutes ago.\" \"I saw her talking to you.\" \"I told her about you after Gran and I returned to London. She thought that I should've gone after you instead of returning home.\" \"I was in agreement with my niece,\" Claire said startling us. We both looked over to see her watching us. \"I saw you two leave earlier. Did you talk?\" \"Yes, Gran,\" Charlie said at the same time I answered \"Yes.\" We laughed and Charlie took my hand in his and kissed the top of it. She smiled. \"Oh my darlings. That makes this day even more wonderful!\" She then stood and, coming behind us, hugged us. Lorenzo turned his attention to us with a questioning gaze. Claire returned to her seat and told him why she was hugging us. After she finished he was as elated as his new wife reiterating her sentiments. Soon it was time for dinner. Charlie, Claire, and I chatted while we ate. Lorenzo joined in some of the time as well. After dinner was finished Claire stood up holding something. It looked like the letter I had sent to her two months ago. \"Fifty years ago I wrote a letter and two months ago I finally received a reply,\" she began. \"Sophie,\" she said turning to me, \"do you mind if I read your letter?\" I shook my head letting her now that I didn't mind. She gave me a smile and cleared her throat. \"Dear Claire, \"What\" and \"If\" are two words as non-threatening as words can be. But put them together side-by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life: What if? What if? What if?\" As she continued reading I glanced around at the other guests. They were all intently listening to Claire's speech. My eyes lingered on Isabella and the others at my previous table briefly before turning my gaze on Charlie. I knew that Claire had shown him the letter when she first received it; it was on his face the day when he stormed into the Secretaries of Juliet office. Yet as Claire spoke, he seemed to be listening to her voice with a thoughtful expression. In a sudden movement that caught me off guard he leaned towards me until I could feel his warm breath near my ear, making me shiver. \"Come with me,\" he whispered. I pulled back so I could see him. His eyes were bright and a smile graced his lips. He stood and held out his hand waiting for me to decide. I took Charlie's hand, trusting that he would not lead me astray, and together we started walking. I had no idea what he was up to as we approached Reverend Kelley the man who had just married Claire and Lorenzo. The reverend was sitting at a table off to the side. Still holding my hand, Charlie asked the reverend if he could speak to him privately. Curiosity crossed past Reverend Kelley's face as he agreed. \"Charlie, what are you doing?\" I asked as we walked to a more secluded place. The same place where I had followed and talked to Charlie earlier. He didn't seem to hear me. His attention was on the jovial man in front of us. Once we stopped Charlie asked, \"Sir, since you are still here I was wondering if you'd marry us?\" Charlie's free hand waved between me and him. Shock and confused I asked, \"You want to marry me here and now?\"[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me... Chapter 2 \"Yes,\" he answered without hesitation. \"Why?\" The question came out of my mouth before I could think about how it might sound. I didn't even think we had defined what we were yet. Sure we had talked and declared ourselves but we haven't even gone out on a date yet and now Charlie was asking about marriage! Marriage was sacred and not something to take lightly. Reverend Kelley gasped at me but Charlie looked as if he expected it. He pulled me off to the side so we had some privacy and kissed me. \"I let go of you once. I'm not doing so again.\" My heart literally skipped a beat at his words. Those words were so romantic and very un-Charlie like. I searched his eyes and found they were filled with nothing but love and sincerity. I then thought of how crazy this all was and unexpected. We had only known each other for a short time and that was two months ago. But I had come to Claire's wedding for him as much as for her. I couldn't deny that I was in love with him and that I wanted to see where a relationship with him might lead. If we did this we would be jumping the gun but seeing his expression dampen at my speechlessness I knew that I wanted to bring a smile back to his face; knew that I did want this man forever. I brushed my lips over his. \"Okay.\" \"Okay?\" \"I will marry you.\" His expression was something I knew I'd remember forever. In one word it was glowing. Before I could think of more adjectives Charlie lowered his lips onto mine. His tongue languidly stroked my bottom lip and I parted my lips deepening the kiss. A cough reminded me that we weren't alone. We glanced over at Reverend Kelley. His lips were twitched up in a smile. \"So will you marry us?\" Charlie asked. \"It's unconventional but...romantic,\" Kelley said sounding intrigued by the idea. \"So will you marry us?\" Charlie inquired again. \"Are you two serious about doing this?\" I turned to Charlie who was watching me expectantly. I nodded and he smiled before answering \"yes\". \"Then to do this properly we need a location and at least one witness.\" \"I know of the perfect place,\" Charlie stated.\" \"You do?\" I queried. He nodded before pointing upward. Looking to where his finger pointed I saw a balcony protruding from the building behind us. \"Charlie…\" \"It's perfect isn't it?\" \"Who are you?\" I murmured. \"When I first met you, you were the most unromantic person and now…\" He smiled sheepishly. \"I knew it would be something you'd like.\" I smiled back at him. His considerate nature was a bit unexpected but remembering how he helped his grandmother when he didn't really believe she would find Lorenzo made me realize that there were many layers to Charlie Wyman. He had peeled back some of the layers allowing me to fall in love with him. \"I do like it,\" I told him hoping that my eyes conveyed that I liked more than the location. \"Who are to be your witnesses?\" the reverend asked. Charlie thought for a moment. \"I think Patricia should be a witness.\" \"And Isabella,\" I added. \"Your friend that answers Juliet's letters in Verona?\" \"Yes.\" \"Alright. Why don't you go get her and I'll get Patricia. We can meet back here in five minutes.\" I nodded in approval and with a quick word to Reverend Kelley stating that we'd return promptly Charlie headed to the left while I headed off to the right. Claire and Lorenzo were having their first dance as husband and wife when I reentered the reception. I stood for a moment and watched them. They moved so effortlessly together. The one time I danced with Victor, at his sister's wedding, he had stepped on my foot. As I watched them my mind wandered to how Charlie and I would fit together while dancing. Would someone step on the others toes or would we fit seamlessly together like Claire and Lorenzo? I shook my head of the image of us moving together like the happy couple before me and went back to my task. Isabella was easy to find. She was sitting at the same table where she was during dinner. I quickly made my way to her side. \"Isabella,\" I said quietly. \"Sophie,\" she answered quizzically. \"Will you come with me?\" She looked like she was going to ask a question but instead said, \"Sure.\" I led her to where Charlie awaited with Patricia and Reverend Kelley. Patricia glanced at me and Isabella before turning back to Charlie. \"Okay, what's going on?\" \"Charlie asked me to marry him,\" I answered before he could. Both Patricia and Isabella gasped in surprise at my announcement. \"And we'd like you two to witness it,\" Charlie added. Isabella's eyes widened in realization. \"You want to get married right now?\" \"Yes,\" Charlie answered before I could. \"I thought you were engaged?\" Those words came from Patricia. \"I broke things off with him before I came here. Truthfully I wanted to see Charlie and see if we'd maybe have a chance together. I never dreamed that not only did he love me but he wanted a spur of the moment wedding.\" \"That's so romantic and very unlike you Charlie,\" Patricia stated. \"You more than anyone know how I've been these last two months Patty. I'm not squandering this second chance.\" Patricia tapped her lower lip with her index finger. \"He has been moody. Moodier than he usually is.\" \"Is this true?\" I asked him. \"Yes. I love you Sophie and I hated letting you go or thinking that you were happy with your fiancé.\" \"Ex…\" I reminded him. He nodded before facing the others. \"So will you be our witnesses?\" They both nodded back in answer. \"Great,\" Reverend Kelley said. He had been quiet since we returned. \"I think the stairs to the balcony are around the corner.\" \"Balcony? If I didn't already think aliens kidnapped the real Charlie and replaced him with this one, I do now.\" I laughed at Patricia's comment. Charlie smiled at me before rolling his eyes at his cousin as I took his hand in mine. Xxx Hand in hand, Charlie and I traversed the stairs following the reverend who seemed to know where he was going. Patricia and Isabella fell in behind us. Upon the last step we entered a sparsely furnished room; the furniture that was there all covered with white sheets. Since our destination was the balcony we didn't linger. Reverend Kelley led us straight to the balcony. I let go of Charlie's hand and paused at the opening to the balcony. I finger combed my hair and smoothed down any unsightly tresses before joining Charlie on the balcony. \"Why don't you and Charles face each other holding hands,\" Kelley suggested. We did as he said. \"And your witnesses stand in the opening indicating Isabella and Patricia. They were already standing where he indicated so they just nodded. Reverend Kelley stepped closer to us and opened the book he had previously used earlier. I didn't remember him holding it before. He must have had it in a pocket somewhere on him. He turned to a page and cleared his throat before saying, \"Dearly beloved we are gathered here today in the sight of God and these two witnesses to bring Charles and…\" \"Sophie,\" I imparted. He smiled at me gratefully. \"…Sophie together in holy matrimony. Charles, do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? \" \"I do,\" he answered immediately. \"And do you, Sophie, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?\" \"I do.\" \"Okay now repeat after me. I, Charles, take you, Sophie, to be my partner, loving what I know of you, and trusting what I do not yet know. I eagerly anticipate the chance to grow together, getting to know the woman you will become, and falling in love a little more every day. I promise to love and cherish you through whatever life may bring us.\" As Charlie spoke his vows tears formed in my eyes. They were perfect. I couldn't imagine how reverend Kelley was able to find vows that describe us so perfectly so quickly. One tear fell and Charlie wiped it away with his free hand. When Charlie finished it was my turn to speak. \"I, Sophie, take you, Charles, to be my partner, loving what I know of you, and trusting what I do not yet know. I eagerly anticipate the chance to grow together, getting to know the man you will become, and falling in love a little more every day. I promise to love and cherish you through whatever life may bring us.\" Charlie's face was lit up with a tender smile as I said our vows and I was surprised to find his eyes shimmering with unshed tears. I gently squeezed his hand and smiled back. \"Do you have a ring?\" From the slightly guilty expression the reverend must have realized that he just recited the question in habit since traditionally after the vows rings are exchanged. Since this wedding came about so suddenly I doubted that Charlie would have a ring. I didn't have one to place on his finger. Reverend Kelley probably just figured that out himself. Isabella came forward tugging at her fingers. She held up a ring. It was silver ring with a blue oval stone in it. Several small clear stones set in marcasite rested on both sides of the blue stone \"You can use this. It's a sapphire and the smaller stones are cubic zirconia.\" \"Isabella, it's lovely but we can't…\" She gave it to Charlie. \"Of course you can. You can't get married without a ring and I'm giving it to you. I want you to have it.\" The expression on her face brooked no refusal so I gave her a quick hug. \"Thank you.\" She bussed my cheek and stepped back so the ceremony could continue. Reverend Kelley appeared as grateful as we were at her gift. \"Charles, please place the ring on Sophie's left hand and repeat after me. \"I give you this ring as a token of my love and affection. I hope that each time you see it you are reminded of everything we have together.\" Charlie repeated the words as he placed the ring on my finger. It wasn't a perfect fit but it also wouldn't fall off. The reverend turned a few pages in his book forgoing my placing a ring on Charlie's finger. \"As you have now pledged yourselves to one another before God and these witnesses I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride.\" Charlie eagerly yet gently pulled me closer to him. He touched my chin with his hand and tilted my head. Shivers danced down my spine as he tenderly caressed my lips using his thumb. My eyes unconsciously fluttered shut at the tingling sensation that his touch induced. Slowly, his fingers created a path from my chin to my cheek ending up round my neck to cup my head. The palm of his other hand cupped my cheek. The thumb on that hand leisurely slid back and forth cross my skin. \"Sophie?\" \"Hmm?\" I asked opening my eyes. His eyes were glowing. \"I love you.\" \"I love you, too.\" His lips hovered over mine briefly before he kissed one corner of my mouth. He brushed his lips lightly across mine and kissed the other corner. He repeated that move again but before he could do it a third time I tugged on the lapels of his jacket and captured his lips with mine in a heart-melting kiss. His tongue glided over my lower lip asking for entrance before someone cleared their throat reminding us that we weren't alone. I stepped back and Charlie did the same as we turned to see Patricia, Isabella and Reverend Kelley watching us. \"Well, Chuck, I thought I'd never see the day when you got married,\" Patricia said as she came up to us. She playfully hit in on the shoulder. He scowled at her but it didn't hold long soon being replaced by a soft smile. Patricia then turned to me and took my left hand to examine the ring. \"Welcome to the family Sophie. I look forward to getting to know you.\" \"I look forward to getting to know you too.\" Isabella came up to us. \"May I?\" she asked indicating my left hand. I nodded and she took it in hers. \"I knew that it would fit.\" \"Thank you,\" I told her. There was nothing else I could think of to say to those words. \"I can't believe you're married!\" she added. Truth be told neither could I. This was not how I envisioned the day turning out but looking at my new husband smiling nothing else in that moment mattered. Charlie took my hand back in his. \"And now it's time to get back to the reception before anyone comes looking for us. I want to keep this just between us for a bit longer.\" \"Are you sure you don't want Gran to know? She'll be so ecstatic,\" Patricia asked. \"We'll tell her. Just not now,\" Charlie answered her. \"Okay,\" she conceded though she sounded like she wanted to argue with him. Isabella and Reverend Kelley agreed to keep our marriage quiet for the time being as well before we all headed downstairs.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me... Chapter 3 Once we reached the reception Isabella, Patricia, and the reverend each went their separate ways. Charlie, on the other hand, led me towards the dance floor where several couples were already dancing. A slow song was playing as he stopped just shy of the dance floor. \"Dance with me?\" he asked. \"You dance?\" \"When the occasion calls for it.\" His eyes swept across the couples dancing before returning to me. \"Dance with me?\" \"Okay,\" I answered not being able to deny him anything today. That one word answer was what he was waiting for as he brought me up on the dance floor and enfolded me within the warm embrace of his arms. I placed my hand on his shoulder and together we started swaying in time to the soft music that played around us. As we moved I let my hands slide down his chest and wrap around his back so I could lay my head against his shoulder. Everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours flitted through my mind. From getting on the plane, arriving at Lorenzo's villa, seeing Charlie again, to him asking me to marry him. I let my thumb run over my ring and sighed. I could feel Charlie's lips in my hair. \"What are you thinking about?\" he asked quietly. \"You, me, us and how my life has changed over the past twenty-four hours.\" \"Do you regret anything?\" he asked cautiously. I shook my head from side to side. \"No.\" He let out a breath making my some of my hair move. \"Good.\" \"Do you?\" I asked pulling back to see him. \"No. I mean I wasn't planning on marrying you today. I just hoped that you'd come and we could speak but I'm glad that you're my wife. You can't get rid of me now.\" He was smirking as he spoke. Wife. That was the first time he had said that word and though it sounded kind of strange it also sounded nice. \"If I'm your wife that makes you my husband.\" He softly repeated the words smiling widely. He looked so handsome like that. I tipped my face a little and brought my lips to his. He immediately responded and I felt his warm breath as I closed my eyes. His lips moved from my lips to my cheek marking a path down to my throat and ending with a kiss on the spot right under my ear. My hands roamed up his back and fisted his hair wanting to keep him where he was. His lips felt amazing. Too soon for me, he lifted his head so that I could see him again. As I looked into his bright eyes I thought about what he just said. \"Charlie?\" \"Hmm\" \"You said you weren't planning to marry me today. Does that mean you were planning to marry me someday?\" \"Sophie, marriage was the furthest thing on my mind when I first saw you. I just wanted you not to be angry at me.\" I cocked my head to the side. \"Why would you think that I'd be angry at you?\" \"Well, for kissing you while you were still engaged for one thing,\" he answered. \"I'm as much at fault with that as you are. I mean I kissed you back.\" \"You did,\" he agreed. \"Was there another reason you think I might be angry?\" \"I did follow you back to Verona when you left.\" \"You did? Why?\" \"Because I was being an idiot for letting you just leave like that. But when I saw you with Victor I rethought my decision.\" \"Oh.\" I pictured Victor hugging me on the hotel balcony from Charlie's point of view. It did appear that that I was happy to see him. I was in a way but not like Charlie probably thought. He looked almost scared for what reason I didn't know so I lifted my hand to the nape of his neck and pulled him to me bringing his lips to mine. His hands squeezed my waist and I gasped not expecting that. He took advantage of this by deepening the kiss for a minute before pulling back. Before I could tell him that I couldn't fault him for what he had done I heard a familiar voice. \"There you are!\" Claire exclaimed. Charlie and I both turned to see her standing a few feet away. I quickly and discreetly moved my left hand around Charlie's waist under his jacket. \"Here we are,\" Charlie told her. \"Well, you two keep sneaking off that I was beginning to wonder if I'd get the chance to see you before the night ended.\" We had in fact sneaked off a couple of times but I didn't know how to respond to Claire. Neither did Charlie it seemed since he didn't say anything either. Claire grinned like she knew something but she didn't want to voice it. I'm sure whatever she thought wasn't close to the truth of what actually occurred tonight. \"It's getting late so Lorenzo and I are going to turn in,\" she said turning pink. Charlie shifted uncomfortably at her words. We both understood that this was her wedding night and what that usually entailed. She continued not noticing Charlie's tense posture. \"Anyways, I just wanted to let Sophie know that her luggage was taken upstairs and put into the room next to yours Charlie.\" \"How? My car keys are in my bag. I'm sure of it…\" \"The room was already made up for guests and you left your bag on the table so I took the liberty of borrowing them so that Lorenzo's son could get your bags. I hope that you don't mind. I returned them to the bag.\" She sounded contrite while saying the last part. I shook my head. \"It was really thoughtful of you and I must admit I forgot that I left my bag sitting on the table.\" She patted my arm affectionately as Charlie relaxed. \"It' still there. Toni was keeping an eye on it. Though everyone here is either family or friend and no one would take it.\" Toni was Lorenzo's eldest daughter-in-law. \"I know,\" I said reassuring her. Lorenzo came up behind her and wrapped his arm around her waist. She looked up at him and gave him soft, sweet smile. \"Are you ready?\" he asked returning her smile. Claire nodded. \"Charlie, will you show Sophie up to her room? Like I said earlier it's the one next to yours.\" \"Of course,\" he answered. \"Okay, see you two tomorrow.\" After they left, I turned to Charlie. Music was still playing and there were a few people still on the dance floor. \"Care for another dance?\" Instead of answering he gently took both my arms and repositioned them so that my hands rested on the nape of his neck. He then slipped his behind my back and pulled me closer. \"So I take this to mean you want to dance?\" I asked teasingly, moving even closer so that we were chest to chest. \"Yes,\" he answered breathlessly. We started moving to the music but we were soon interrupted by Toni. I hid my left hand again on Charlie's waist. She was holding my bag. She was the same height as me with brown hair, a tanned complexion and dark eyes. She was wearing a light blue dress. She smiled apologetically before saying, \"I am ready to turn in so I thought that I'd give you your bag since Claire asked me to keep an eye on it.\" I took my bag from her. \"Thank you Toni.\" I placed the bag under my arm when Patricia came up to us. \"Just wanted to say goodnight before you two lovebirds get the chance to go upstairs and enjoy the rest of your night,\" she said a teasing lilt to her voice. \"Patty…\" Charlie groaned. She laughed at his reaction. \"See you two tomorrow…\" \"Night,\" I managed before she left. I saw Isabella, Maria and the other Juliet secretaries glancing in our direction. \"Want to get out of here before others interrupt us?\" I leaned up so that my mouth was right by his ear. \"We can always finish our dance in my room,\" I whispered, nipping his earlobe with my teeth. \"Yes,\" he answered, his voice husky. I stood straighter and gave a wave to my friends and gestured that I'd talk to them later. They waved back as Charlie took my hand and we headed towards the villa. I didn't know where the guest bedrooms were located so I just followed him. We walked through a hall. I quickly peeked inside one of the rooms located off the hall to see a den area as we continued on to a set of stairs. We ascended the stairs and found another hallway with doors on either side. Charlie took me to the third door on the right and opened it, allowing me to enter before him. He shut the door behind him after he walked in the room and turned on the light. \"So this is my room?\" I asked. The walls were painted light yellow and there was a bed with lavender sheets and comforter on the far wall with a white bureau and vanity table on the wall nearest us. My dark bag sat next to the bureau. Charlie nodded. \"Mine is the one next door.\" He pointed to the left. \"At the end of the hall?\" He shrugged. \"I've always liked having the room at the end of the hall. Do you like yours?\" \"It's lovely.\" I walked around the room noticing a door on the left. Thinking that it was probably the bathroom or closet. I didn't go to it or open it. I placed my bag on the bed before turning back to Charlie. He stood where I left him watching me. Charlie sauntered over to me and wrapped his left arm around my waist pulling me against him like he had earlier. \"Did you mention something about a dance?\" His voice was soft and warm. I placed my hands on his shoulder. \"I think I do recall mentioning something of that nature.\" \"Hmm…\" he hummed happily. \"But there's no music,\" I told him. He left through the door and returned a moment later carrying a black iPhone. He pushed a few things on the screen and music began coming out of its speakers. Charlie took my right hand and twirled me before bringing me back to him, the move leaving me breathless. He grinned mischievously at me as he slid my arms to the back of his neck letting them rest against his hair. He trailed his hands down my arms leaving tingles on my skin. They ended up on my waist. \"You're full of surprises today,\" I managed once I caught my breath. \"And that's a problem because...\" \"No problem. Just stating a fact.\" He kissed my arm. \"Do you like the surprises?\" \"Yes.\" \"Good to know.\" I furrowed my eyebrows. \"Planning any more surprises tonight?\" \"If I told you then it wouldn't be a surprise.\" I just shook my head at him liking this new side of Charlie that I was seeing. A new song started playing on his phone. \"So are we going to finish this dance?\" I asked. Instead of answering he leaned in and kissed me. His lips were so warm and adoring as they melded with my own. Yet they weren't done with my skin. When he was done with my mouth his lips moved to my jawline kissing down my throat and up my arm. I grabbed his hair to make sure that he stayed where he was though I doubt he had any plan to move away. When he completed his circuit he pulled his lips from my skin which was still warm and tingly everywhere his lips grazed my skin. His attention turned back to my face. His eyes were searing with love and desire. \"I can think of something more fun than dancing,\" he said flicking his eyes over my shoulder to where I knew the bed was located. I nuzzled the hollow of his throat before tilting my head so I could whisper \"I love you\" in his ear. We never did finish the dance….[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me... Chapter 4 I awoke the next morning feeling a little warmer than I should have. I flung the covers off but that only marginally helped. A moan erupted from behind me and I was pulled closer to something. I glanced down to see an arm resting on my stomach. I gently rotated my body to come face to face with a sleeping Charlie. At first I was confused by what he was doing in my bed but then the events of the previous day came to me and I remembered that he and I were now married. Married… I still couldn't believe it! Yesterday I only hoped that I'd see him and talk to him. Now we had many decisions to make. I carefully extricated myself from Charlie's arms as not to wake him and headed over to my luggage to grab a pair of shorts and a white peasant top. I went to the door that I had seen last night and opened it to find that it was indeed a bathroom. There was a small shower and another door leading to what I assumed was another room. I decided a quick shower might help before I went in search of some coffee. I was able to temporarily push back my errant thoughts while I showered and dressed. But once I was done dressing and heading downstairs my thoughts about the future came back to the forefront, following me till I reached the first floor. Charlie was still asleep when I left the room. He had turned over so that his head was resting on my pillow. After a couple missteps I found the kitchen. It was bigger than I expected with a rectangular island in the middle of the square room. Also there were modern appliances. The room was decorated with beige walls and darker colored cabinets and counters. I wandered over to what looked like a coffee maker and found it plugged in. Next, I started opening cabinets looking for the actual coffee to put in the coffee maker. Cups and mugs were in the first I tried which was good to know but didn't help me at this point in my quest. Groaning, I shut the cabinet door and went onto the next. With my head full of questions and thoughts I needed caffeine in my system to help make everything clearer. The cabinet I just opened had plates in it so I quickly shut that one. \"The next one on your left,\" Claire said from behind me. \"Thanks,\" I told her opening the one she was talking about and finding the coffee grounds and filter. Once I had the items in hand I turned to face Claire. She was wearing a light pink skirt and matching tank top. But what struck me the most was the completely blissful expression on her face. She came to me and took the items from my hand. \"Allow me. This machine is a little tricky and I can tell that you need the coffee.\" I nodded thankful to her. The machine didn't look like the one I had back in my apartment. Well, the apartment that I had shared with Victor till recently. We were both quiet as she set to work. She grabbed a couple mugs out of the cabinet I first opened and poured some of the delicious smelling brew into both before handing me one. I took it from her and she gasped. Looking down I saw that I had reached for the mug with my left hand and my ring was right in her line of sight. \"Is that what I think it is? Did Charlie propose?\" \"He did,\" I answered because he did technically ask me to marry him. \"Oh how wonderful! My, he sure acts quickly doesn't he?\" I nodded. \"Actually…\" I felt warm arms come around me from behind as Charlie kissed my neck. I unconsciously tilted my neck to the side allowing him more access. \"How are you my beautiful wife?\" he murmured before kissing right below my ear making me shiver in delight. He must have spoken loud enough for Claire to hear because she gasped again. Charlie looked up clearly not expecting anyone else to be in the room. \"Wife?\" Claire asked. \"Hi Gran,\" he said sheepishly. \"Sophie and I were married last night during your reception. It was impulsive but so worth it.\" He squeezed me closer. \"Reverend Kelley performed the ceremony,\" I added a little self-conscious that she had seen us necking for lack of a better word. Claire didn't appear scandalized as she looked at Charlie. \"How unlike you darling.\" \"I know. Sophie said something similar last night when I proposed but when I saw her and found that she wasn't engaged anymore I knew I had to act. I knew that I couldn't squander this second chance with her especially after she said that she loved me.\" A smile graced Claire's face. \"What have you done to my taciturn grandson?\" I shrugged. \"I don't know but I'm liking this new side of him.\" Charlie kissed my neck which was the easiest spot for him to reach. Lorenzo walked in a moment later. \"I knew you'd be here,\" he said congenially. He bid us good morning as he walked over to Claire and slipped an arm around her waist. She leaned into him. \"Sophie and I were just having coffee.\" He saw the mug in my hand which I had somehow managed to hold onto. \"I see that and I see that our Sophie has some news? I don't recall a ring being on her finger last night.\" \"It wasn't,\" I told him taking a sip of coffee. I wrinkled my nose as I remembered that I hadn't put any sugar in it. \"Charlie's my husband…\" I felt another kiss on my neck at my words. \"We were married by Reverend Kelley last night during your reception.\" \"It was impulsive on my part but I couldn't let her get away again,\" Charlie added, taking my mug and putting some sugar and milk in it before returning it to me and reclaiming his spot behind me. I took a sip. Perfect. I leaned back and kissed his cheek in thanks. Lorenzo raised an eyebrow and looked at Claire. She just shook her head smiling. \"I see you've told them,\" Patricia said coming into the room. \"And before you ask yes I knew that they were married. I was a witness.\" I looked down at my feet hoping that Claire wasn't upset. \"I would have loved for you to be there but I didn't want to interrupt your night.\" She came over and wrapped her arms around both me and Charlie. \"Nonsense darling. Welcome to the family.\" I hugged her back though it was awkward since Charlie was still behind me. \"It's going to be fun and interesting with you around I can tell,\" Patricia said with a gleam in her eye. \"Patty,\" Charlie groaned. She laughed at him. \"Anyone want pancakes?\" Claire asked stepping back. Charlie, Patricia and I said that we would. Lorenzo kissed Claire's forehead. \"I'll make them. You go sit down. All of you.\" We did as he suggested. As Lorenzo cooked, Charlie set about explaining to Claire our conversations and how he came to propose and I added my thoughts along the way, finishing the coffee Claire had handed me. He allowed me to tell her about the ceremony and Patricia filled in small details from her perspective. Soon the pancakes were done and we all set about eating in companionable silence for the most part. A question here and there the only thing breaking the silence. Since Lorenzo cooked Claire and I offered to do the dishes. He accepted after a slight hesitation. After finishing I went to my room to put on a fresh shirt since the one I had on got wet. My cell phone buzzed right as I was putting my blouse in with the other dirty clothes. It was in my purse so I opened it and took it out. My screen was lit up and I saw that I had a text from my friend Jen. Hey babe, it read. Hey, I typed back. Where are you? In Italy for Claire's wedding. It was beautiful. You are in Italy? Yes. Didn't I tell you before I left? NO. Is Victor there with you? When I read the text I realized that I didn't tell her about breaking up with Victor. I spoke to him right after I decided to come here then I booked my flight I guess my mind was preoccupied with seeing Charlie again that I must have let everything else slip. No, Victor's back in NYC. So he didn't want to come with you? No. Did you see Charlie? That question stumped me. I didn't know how to answer. I mean I was definitely going to tell her that I broke it off with Victor but I didn't know how to explain Charlie and becoming his wife. She knew about him. I spent a night a couple days after I arrived back in New York telling her all about the trip including him and Claire but in light of what happened yesterday I was unsure of how to begin. \"Sophie?\" I looked up to see Charlie standing in the doorway. I don't know what he saw on my face but he moved to kneel in front of me. \"Sophie what is it?\" His eyes were filled with worry. \"My…my friend from back home just texted me,\" I answered. \"It's not bad news is it?\" I shook my head no. \"She asked if I saw you.\" \"You told her about me?\" I smiled because he sounded pleased that I had talked about him. \"Yes, I told her about you and Claire.\" He nodded. \"So why did you look so perplexed?\" \"Perplexed?\" \"You looked like you were trying to figure something out.\" \"I guess I just don't know how to explain us,\" I told him. \"What do you mean? We just told my grandmother and everything went well.\" He was hurt by my words. \"Jen still thinks that I'm still with Victor.\" \"So tell her that you broke up with him.\" \"I will.\" \"And that you saw me and we talked,\" he added though he sounded almost angry. I turned back to my phone which was still in my hand. I saw Charlie and… And what? Instead of texting back I lined up my phone to my left hand and took a picture of it before sending it to her. It took a few minutes longer for her to respond. Instead of asking about Charlie again, she texted, Holy Crap! Did Victor get you that? Victor and I broke up. A second later my phone was ringing. \"Hi Jen,\" I said after answering it. \"You and Victor broke up!\" she practically yelled into the phone. I think Charlie heard her since he raised an eyebrow. I just shrugged telling him that it was okay. \"Yes. He and I didn't want the same thing anymore.\" \"I knew it! So if he didn't give you the ring then did you buy it? It is pretty.\" \"First, how did you know? And second, no, I didn't buy the ring.\" \"You and Victor were always better as friends and how?\" I laid my free hand on Charlie's arm. He placed his over mine before picking it up and kissing it. I smiled at him before answering, \"You remember how I just said that I saw Charlie?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well, he and I kind of got married yesterday.\" \"What! Tell me everything.\" So I did. I spent the next half hour explaining how I saw Charlie, how we spoke and how he came to propose. I also told her about the ceremony. Jen thought that everything was so romantic and she sounded so excited and happy for me. The last thing she asked before we hung up was whether or not I had told my dad. I told her not yet. Upon ending the call I lay back on my bed letting out a calming breath. \"So that was my best friend, Jen,\" I told Charlie when I was able to. He was sitting next to me now, having moved while I was answering all of Jen's questions. \"She sounds…\" \"Exhausting?\" \"Excited,\" he answered. I smiled. \"She is that. We've been best friends since junior high.\" He smiled at that. \"So are you going to call your dad next?\" \"No. I'll save that for another time.\" His smile instantly turned into a frown. I kissed him. \"Don't worry I will. I just need a breather before I answer any more questions about us getting married.\" \"Will he be mad?\" I scrunched up my nose in thought. \"I don't think so.\" \"So if you don't want to talk to anyone else do you want to get out of here for the day?\" he asked, standing up and facing me with hand stretched out. The thought of going out and being with just him sounded nice so I gave him the only answer I seemed capable of giving him this weekend, \"Okay.\"[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me and I apologize for the long wait for this update. I had a bit of a bump when I reached the middle that I fortunately got over...I hope that you enjoy... Chapter 5 I took his outstretched hand and stood. \"What do you have in mind?\" \"What do you think about just driving and seeing where the wind takes us?\" \"Sounds perfect.\" Anything to get me out of answering more of the same questions about our newfound relationship and spontaneous wedding for the time being. \"Okay, let me just go change and tell Gran that we are heading out and I'll meet you downstairs.\" \"Alright, I'll see you in a few.\" He nodded before leaving. I grabbed my purse that I had used last night and placed my cell back in it. It was the only handbag I had thought to bring with me. I slipped a pair of sling back sandals on my feet and went downstairs. Charlie was waiting for me. He had changed into khaki shorts and a white t-shirt. The casual wear looked good on him. He wasn't looking in my direction so I thought that I might surprise him like he did earlier in the kitchen. I quietly descended the rest of the stairs and walked up behind him before wrapping my arms around his torso. He didn't jump or anything. Just turned his head and kissed my cheek. \"There you are.\" \"How'd you know it was me?\" \"You smell like lavender,\" he answered simply. \"Do you have a lot of lavender where you work or something?\" I teased. \"No, but Gran likes to garden.\" The soap I had used earlier smelled like lavender so that was where the scent came from. \"Ready?\" I asked. \"Yes.\" We headed outside where a red two door car was parked. I was surprised to see it just sitting there but Charlie didn't. He just walked up to it and opened the passenger side door. I raised an eyebrow in question. \"Whose car is this?\" \"Lorenzo's nephew owns this car. He said that we could borrow it.\" \"When did he say this?\" It had only been a few minutes between him leaving my room and my meeting him by the front door. \"He was talking to Gran when I went to speak with her about us leaving for the day. He overheard the conversation and offered it up.\" I nodded and went to the car, sliding in easily. He shut the door and quickly made his way around the front before getting into the driver's side. He started the car without preamble and soon the villa was behind us. The Italian countryside was beautiful with lush greenery everywhere. Last time I was here, in Italy, I had been so busy either with helping locate Lorenzo or writing in my journal that I hadn't paid too much attention to the landscape so I was taking it all in. I felt Charlie's hand on mine and looked over at him. I didn't remember if he touched my hand first or I touched his. \"Penny for your thoughts?\" he asked \"I know that I was just here two months ago but I don't remember it being this beautiful.\" He smiled looking at me. His eyes filled with love and tenderness. \"It is more beautiful.\" I laughed. \"That was a corny line. I've never thought of you being corny.\" \"If you asked Gran or Patty they'd probably tell you that when it comes to love I can be corny at times.\" I smiled back at him and in that moment a thought occurred to me. How well did we really know each other? We spent a few days together in June when we were helping Claire with her search but besides that we hadn't spoken until yesterday. \"Charlie…\" \"Hmm,\" he answered. \"What's your favorite place in London? Central Park is my favorite spot in New York. I like to go there and just people watch.\" \"The Eye, why do you ask?\" \"I just realized something. There is so much that we have yet to learn about each other.\" \"Well, now that we are married we will have plenty of time to learn about each other,\" he said simply. \"True so why not start now?\" \"Okay.' So for the next fifteen minutes we shot questions back and forth. I learned that his favorite color was orange like the sunset and that he knew how to ride a horse and motorcycle. I told him that my favorite color was blue and that I was terrified of motorcycles. I also learned that his favorite memory as a child was going fishing with his grandfather. Mine was summers with my dad. Two weeks every July we would go somewhere together on vacation. Each year it was a different place. We traveled up and down the East Coast to places like Myrtle Beach, Washington D.C. and Hershey, Pennsylvania. We even traveled to the Midwest to places like Chicago and Dallas. I still had the big white cowboy hat and cowboy boots in my old room at my dad's house. Charlie smiled when I told him about the hat. \"I'm trying to picture you with a cowboy hat but somehow I can't.\" \"I'll have to get it and wear it for you.\" By the way he swept his eyes down my figure briefly before turning back to the road, I could guess at what he was thinking and it wasn't about me wearing clothes while I modeled the hat. \"So are you a dog or cat person?\" I asked trying to distract him before he made a comment that would make me blush. I could tell it worked when he quickly turned to me with an adorably confused look. I repeated the question. \"Dog.\" \"Me too,\" I added. By this time we had found our way to Verona. I walked the streets with some familiarity as we continued on questioning each other about simple things like our favorite foods and whether or not either of us enjoyed the theatre. His answers were his grandmothers' chocolate pecan pie and not really. Mine were any type of pasta and yes. I had been to shows on Broadway. Some my friend, Jen, had worked on. She had worked backstage at many shows over the years. This info brought a round of questions about friends. I told him about Jen and my other friend, Katie, who was busy getting her Masters. He told me about his friends Owen and Garrett. Owen he knew from University and Garrett worked with him. He soon had me laughing at tales about Owen who was the schools practical joker. He also like doing imitations of people like professors they disliked. Charlie also told me that Garrett was rather intelligent and a big hearted guy but he looked more like a linebacker. Charlie had been intimidated by him when they first met but within the first ten minutes of meeting him and seeing him with a client he knew that they would get along famously. Throughout all the talking and walking we held hands and gave each other small pecks on the cheeks and lips. \"About work,\" I began as we sat at an outdoor café. \"What about it?\" he asked in kind. \"You work in London and I work in New York.\" He didn't respond since a waitress came out and asked us what we wanted. I wanted an iced coffee and told her in Italian. I had a feeling that I would need the caffeine for the upcoming conversation. Charlie ordered an iced tea with lemon. \"And I have to go back to New York tomorrow,\" I continued after the waitress left. \"Couldn't you push back your leaving?\" Charlie asked. \"Why?\" I asked curiously. \"Well we are technically on our honeymoon and I thought that you'd like to see more of Italy,\" he answered. \"But what about you? Don't you have to go back to London?\" \"No I have a few more days off.\" \"Oh,\" was my brilliant reply. \"So what do you say?\" The only answer that formed in my mind was okay and I told him. Bobby probably wouldn't be happy but I had a couple vacation days that I hadn't used and I did want to spend more time exploring Italy and being with my new husband. Looking at Charlie, I knew that I had made the right decision. He was happy. He also looked like he wanted to kiss me so I leaned over and molded my lips to his knowing full well that we would both enjoy the move. He did. As his lips started moving in rhythm with mine Charlie pulled me into his lap. I let out a startled gasp and wrapped my arms around his neck to steady myself, allowing him to slip his tongue into my mouth which he took full advantage of. I pulled back when I heard a small cough. Looking up, I saw our waitress standing by the table. She smiled as I blushed. \"Will there be anything else?\" she asked in Italian placing our drinks on the table. \"No, grazie,\" Charlie answered. She smiled at us and left but before she got very far I thought I heard her whisper the word \"amore\". I slipped off of Charlie's lap and went back to my seat. \"What are you doing?\" Charlie asked disappointment lacing his voice. I took a sip of my drink. \"Sitting down in my own seat so that you can drink your iced tea.\" He frowned. \"But I was comfortable with you being in my lap.\" I chuckled at his petulant expression. I couldn't help but tease him. \"If you are a good boy maybe I'll go back over there.\" \"Promise?\" he asked huskily. I smiled while shaking my head again enjoying this new side of Charlie. He took a long drag of his beverage. \"Perhaps we can go to Venice or Milan or even Garda Lake?\" He was talking about our mini honeymoon again. \"Sounds wonderful,\" I told him truthfully. And it was the truth. I had never been to those places before. I went to Rome in college on an exchange program but outside of traveling with Charlie and Claire I had never spent much time in Northern Italy. \"Which one sounds wonderful?\" It took me several minutes before I could answer since they all seemed great. \"All of them but since we will be on a tight schedule I think Venice sounds more wonderful.\" \"Then Venice it is,\" he said taking my hand which was laying on the table and threading his fingers through mine.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: All recognized characters and places are not mine. The plot and any spelling/grammar mistakes are... Again I want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this for me and I apologize for the long wait for this update. I had a bit of trouble with this chapter that I fortunately got over...So please enjoy the conclusion to this short story... Chapter 6 Charlie and I had a wonderful time in Venice. We rode on a gondola, shopped, and ate at the many shops and restaurants in the beautiful city. We also did a bit of sightseeing. Since we didn't have a lot of time together we had wanted to do as much together as possible. Reality crashed down on us on our last afternoon together and we finally had the discussion that I had tried to initiate when were at the café in Verona. After going back and forth with each other we had finally decided that I would move to London. I could write from anywhere in the world just as long as I had a computer and internet connection and the idea of living in London was exciting. Also, Charlie loved the city and in my heart I knew that I couldn't take him away from it. It took less time than I thought but within two months I was moved in with Charlie. I still worked for Bobby as a freelance journalist as well as some prominent magazines in London. The day after the move-in Charlie and I went and completed all the forms to make our marriage legal. Charlie worked at his law firm and we had fun exploring the city and surrounding countryside when we weren't working. We also had fun exploring each other. I learned even more about my husband than I did on that day in Verona. It was the happiest that I've been in a long time. Yet, moving across the Atlantic was difficult. My dad and friends still lived in New York and being so far away from them did make me homesick especially at certain times like now-my birthday. Usually for my birthday I would visit my father and spend some time with him before having a small get together with friends. But that wasn't possible this year. My phone made a noise indicating someone talked to me on FaceTime bringing me out of my thoughts. I opened the app and smiled. \"Happy birthday honey,\" my dad instantly said. He looked like he was sitting on a park bench. \"Hi Dad.\" I tried to sound enthusiastic but my father saw right through me. \"What's wrong?\" Knowing that I couldn't lie to my father, I sighed. \"I'm a little homesick today that's all.\" \"Do I have to fly over there and kick Charlie's ass?\" he asked. I laughed. After I flew back to New York I went to see him and told him about what happened. He was surprised of course since he had been expecting to walk me down the aisle to Victor. He never questioned my decisions. He just asked me about Charlie and said that he wanted to talk to him face to face. So I had called Charlie and set up a time for him and my dad to video chat. I had to teach him how to skype but soon he and Charlie were talking. I was too nervous to listen so I waited in my old room until my dad came and told me that Charlie wanted to speak to me. My dad assured me that it was nothing bad and that all he did was threaten to kick Charlie's ass if he ever hurt me. Charlie assured him that he would never do that. \"No, Charlie has been good. It's just that this is my first birthday when I'm not going to see you, Jen, and Katie.\" I heard someone behind my dad and an instant later the voice of my friend, Katie. \"And you wouldn't have if not for me showing Max how to use his phone.\" I laughed again. Dad was not tech savvy. When he started using Powerpoint for some of his class lectures he would ask me to help him set it up. Eventually he got so that he could do that himself but he still had trouble with other devices so I wasn't surprised that Katie was helping him. \"Still learning huh Dad?\" I teased. He was a teacher and was always fascinated learning new things. He chuckled. \"Every day there are new things to learn.\" That was always his response when I teased him about his fascination. \"True that,\" Katie said. She was in the process of getting her Master's in Education. She hoped to one day get her PhD. \"Just because you love rap music doesn't mean that you can talk like a rapper,\" I told her rolling my eyes. In fact Katie was Korean American. Her great grandparents came over to America from Korea. She smiled at me and shrugged. \"So now that you helped bring Dad further into the twenty-first century what's next?\" \"World domination,\" Katie answered with a maniacal tone to her voice. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I talked to Katie and my dad for a while longer and hung up. It felt good hearing from them but I was still saddened that it had to be over a phone. I truly did miss them. After hanging up the phone I went to take a shower and change. I knew that Charlie would be home soon. Claire and Lorenzo, along with some of our friends would be arriving shortly after that. A hot shower was calming. When I was finished I dressed in a long sleeved knee-length white maxi dress and went in search of Charlie. Once I reached the bottom of the stairs I called to him. \"Here,\" he answered back. Following the sound of his voice I made my way to the den only to stop dead in the doorway. \"What?!\" I managed while gazing at my father, Jen, and Katie. Dad was standing by the fireplace while my friend were sitting on the sofa. After the shock wore off I found that Dad was wearing dark pants and a light blue shirt. Jen was wearing a black and white skirt and black top while Katie was in a long sleeved cranberry colored shirt and tan pants. \"Surprise!\" my friends said in unison. \"Sure is,\" I said recovering from the shock of seeing them. I walked over and gave Katie and Jen each a hug. I then went over to my dad and launched myself into his arms like I did when I was six years old. He laughed and kissed the top of my head. \"Charlie was kind enough to buy us all planes tickets,\" he said a moment later. I pulled back from my dad and looked over at Charlie who was standing a few feet away. \"You did this?\" He nodded. \"I know how much you've been missing them…\" He never got to finish because I quickly made my way over to him and kissed him. \"Thank you,\" I told him. I knew that the kiss was probably thank you enough but I wanted to say it as well. Charlie's face turned crimson. \"I love you,\" I told him trying to diffuse some of his apparent embarrassment. His embarrassment lessened. \"I love you, too. Now go visit.\" I nodded with a smile and hearing Charlie leave the room turned back to my father and friends finding them all smiling softly. \"What?\" I asked wondering what the smiles were for. All three of them looked to each other before Jen decided to answer. \"You look so content.\" \"He makes me happy.\" \"We see that,\" Katie said shifting her weight. \"When did you get here?\" \"This morning,\" Dad answered. \"So when we spoke earlier…\" He nodded. \"We were already in London.\" \"I knew that park bench looked familiar! I've been to that park a couple times since I've lived here.\" Dad and Katie had sheepish expressions on their faces. I couldn't be angry with them. It was so great that they were here. I was still a little shaken up by their appearance so I decided to sit. I picked the seat nearest Jen and settled down in it. Upon closer inspection of my friend I found that her skin had a greenish tint to it. \"Jen are you all right?\" I asked her. She nodded. \"The flight was a bit bumpy.\" \"You flew?\" I said remembering Dad mentioning that Charlie had bought them all plane tickets. \"Yes,\" she answered simply. \"But you hate to fly…\" \"I know but I wanted to see you and the tickets were free.\" \"I'm glad that you are here,\" I told her earnestly only mildly annoyed at the free ticket comment. \"Me too.\" \"She took something and was asleep for most of the flight,\" Katie chimed in. \"It was the only way to forget that I was flying without being plastered,\" Jen added before anyone else could say anything. She didn't look happy that Katie said what she said. Katie gave her an apologetic smile and pat on the arm. Jen easily forgave her. They couldn't stay mad at each other for long. We spent the rest of the time before Claire and Lorenzo were to arrive talking and catching up with each other. When they arrived I introduced them to my father, Jen, and Katie. Jen immediately started talking about the story I had written about Claire and Lorenzo finding each other. Claire graciously answered her questions though I was sure she was getting weary of questions due to the story's publication. Lorenzo was talking to my father about wine. I raised an eyebrow in question but neither man seemed to notice. \"What is that look for?\" Charlie asked coming up beside me. \"My father is talking about wine and he hardly drinks alcohol.\" \"Well he is a teacher thus interested in learning new things,\" Charlie hedged. \"Hmm…\" was all I could get out before there was a knock on the door. Charlie went to answer it. Xxxxxxxxxxxx After all of our family and friends had arrived the party was officially started. I wasn't one for making a big deal about my birthday so I walked around the room talking to everyone asking about them even though today was supposed to be about me. When Claire, whom I was speaking to, excused herself I was approached by Mr. Cornwall, an old friend of the Wyman family. He had been best man at Claire's first wedding to Charlie's grandfather. \"I hope that you don't mind but Charlie invited me,\" he said after I greeted him. \"I don't mind at all,\" I answered him earnestly. And I really didn't. I had only met him once before and he reminded me of my own grandfather. \"You're always welcome.\" \"You remind me of my sister. She was always writing about something. Except that she never had the nerve to publish anything.\" \"Was she any good?\" \"Ah yes. She even assisted me with some of my sermons.\" I smiled at him. \"You were a minister right?\" \"Yes for twenty-five years. I've been retired for nine years now,\" he answered a bit sadly. \"Do you miss it? I asked wondering if that was the cause of the sadness I heard from him. \"Sometimes.\" \"What was your favorite part?\" \"Weddings,\" he answered sounding happier. I smiled at that and began to think that if Charlie and I had just got engaged and waited to have the ceremony at a later time we would have loved to have everyone who was important to us there. In fact, there was a good chance that Mr. Cornwall would have officiated our ceremony since he has known my husband for his entire life. In fact…. \"Mr. Cornwall can you excuse me for a moment?\" He nodded. \"It's Ben dear and of course.\" \"Thanks.\" I left him and went to find Charlie who was in the kitchen drinking something from a frosted glass. I took it out of his hands and sipped it tasting water. \"Hey,\" he said feigning anger. \"Community property,\" I simply told him. \"We've been married for almost two months now. Community property was put into law for couples who have been married or living together for years,\" he retorted sounding like a lawyer. His eyes were shining with humor. \"I think that after your 'I do's' everything would be equally shared.\" He took the glass back and tipped it up to his mouth before saying, \"I can't argue with that.\" \"A good lawyer could make an argument out of anything,\" I prodded teasing him. \"I am a good lawyer,\" he told me. His tone and expression showed me that he knew I was teasing him. \"So you say…\" I started before he was on me tickling my sides where he knew I was ticklish. I laughed almost to tears when I finally shouted \"stop\" to him. He released his hold but stood near. \"What were you saying?\" he asked once I calmed down a bit. \"That you are a good lawyer.\" He smirked. \"Thought so.\" He looked so carefree and happy at my teasing and I loved him even more for that. \"I love you,\" I told him earnestly. \"I know. I love you, too.\" \"Marry me.\" \"But Soph…\" \"I know that we are already married but I want you to marry me today when we have everyone that we love here with us to share this with.\" \"Oh my goodness!\" came an overly excited voice behind me. I turned around quickly to see Jen standing there, her riotous curly red hair bouncing and her green eyes glistening with mirth. \"How long have you been standing there?\" I asked her as calming as I could. She had startled me. Though I asked her I was pretty sure I knew the answer. I glanced back at Charlie. He just stood there with the same happy but slightly confused expression he had before we were interrupted. \"Long enough. So, I guess that we'll need to get started on getting everything organized if you want to have the ceremony tonight,\" Jen answered. As a backstage hand on Broadway she definitely knew how to deal with last minute details but having her or any one's help like this never entered my mind. When Charlie and I first got married we had spoken to everyone who was a part of the ceremony ourselves. She seemed to realize that she had come in on what was a private conversation and her eyes widened. \"Oh I interrupted. Please proceed. Pretend that I'm not even here…\" I glanced back to my husband who was still standing there. I didn't know how to pick up where we had left off before Jen's interruption but I didn't need to worry. Charlie took me by the hands and drew me to him. He wrapped my arms around him and kissed my forehead, nose, and finally my lips before saying \"Now where were we…ah yes. You were just asking me to marry you again…\" I smiled as I leaned into him. \"And you haven't given me an answer yet.\" \"I haven't. How remiss of me.\" His voice was filled with amusement. I giggled at his words. \"So…will you marry me again?\" \"Yes.\" I tilted my head and kissed him. \"Good.\" After that everything seemed to happen very quickly. We found Jen and asked her for her help then we went to Ben, Mr. Cornwall, and asked him if he'd perform a simple ceremony. He was delighted to do it. With quick efficiency, Jen gathered everyone into the den, moving furniture with the help of others. She placed everyone so that they were facing the fireplace. Logs had been placed in it and a fire started. The light from the fire cast a warm glow around the room. It was simply beautiful, breathtaking even. I stood outside the door as I promised Jen I would and just watched her work. \"I bet she could put together a fancy dinner for the Queen of England in one afternoon,\" my father said. He was right beside me. I looked over at him. \"I think you are right.\" \"So you're really doing this?\" \"Yes.\" \"Well I guess your relationship has been anything but traditional,\" Dad said. \"True,\" I answered. \"Who wants traditional anyway?\" Claire asked coming out of the den. I smiled at her. \"Apparently not me nor Charlie.\" Claire chuckled. \"That's what I thought. I came out here to tell you that it's time.\" \"Okay thanks.\" She kissed my cheek before heading back to her seat which was next to Lorenzo on a love seat. He leaned over and spoke to her. \"At least one thing is being kept with tradition,\" my father said as I took his arm. Music began as we were going to take a step. It was a piano version of the Wedding March. I looked around the room and saw Katie holding her cell phone. When she saw me looking her way she wiggled the phone and smiled. I shook my head. I looked over to Charlie to see that he was equally amused by her. My father seemed just as amused by the snickering I heard next to me. \"I guess some traditions will have to be adhered to whether you want them to or not,\" he told me humor lacing his voice. I nodded as we entered the room. Everyone was turned so that they were looking upon me but my gaze was on Charlie. His eyes were filled with love and happiness as they have been ever since we first got married. It took only six steps to get to him and my father handed me off to my husband. They didn't need to exchange any words since they had already spoken at great length about Charlie taking care of me and being a good husband to me. My father went to sit in a chair. He had to move Darcy, our new lab puppy, so that he could actually sit. Ben cleared his throat. \"We are all unexpectedly gathered here today to witness Charlie and Sophie renew their vows…\" I tore my gaze from Charlie to look around the room. Everyone was smiling at us. Patricia gave me a bored look when my eyes met hers. I raised my eyebrow at her expression and she just shrugged as if to say \"I've seen you get married once\". I rolled my eyes at her and returned my gaze to Charlie. He squeezed my hand. \"Now do you Charlie have any words that you wish to speak to Sophie?\" Ben asked. \"I do,\" he answered. Since this whole thing was put together last minute I was a bit surprised and curious as to what he'd say. \"Sophie,\" he began unaware of my mental musings, \"Two months ago I promised to love and cherish you throughout whatever life may bring us and here today in front of our family and friends I make that same promise again. I love you and I have a question to ask.\" \"What?\" I whispered unsure. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out something. Opening his hand I saw a silver marcasite ring. It was the ring that I had picked out when we went ring shopping last week. They had to size it and I didn't know that it had been ready or that he had picked it up. \"When did you…\" \"Yesterday. Now back to my question. Will you wear this ring as a symbol of my love and promise?\" \"Of course,\" I answered him without hesitation. He slipped the ring on my finger so that it sat next to my other ring which Isabella had given us to use. They fit together perfectly. Ben was grinning jovially at us. \"Now Sophie do you have any words that you wish to speak to Charlie?\" \"I do,\" I answered. \"Charlie, nothing in our courtship has been traditional but I wouldn't have had it any other way. I love you and our life here and like two months ago I too again promise to love and cherish you throughout whatever life may bring us and I will admit that I have been falling in love with you more every day.\" \"Me too,\" Charlie said softly. I placed my hand upon his cheek in acknowledgment that I heard him. He took my hand and placed a kiss on my palm before releasing it. \"I think you'll want this for the rest of your vow,\" Charlie said holding out a thick silver band. It was the ring that he picked out when we were shopping. \"This will help,\" I said playfully taking it from him. He laughed as did Ben. I think there were even a few chuckles around the room. I decided to use the same question he had. It was perfect. \"Will you wear this ring as a sign of my love and promise?\" \"Yes,\" he answered holding out his left hand. I slid the ring onto his finger. Once it was settled he took my hand into his. \"With the vows spoken and the rings given and received I pronounce that you are once again husband and wife,\" Ben said. Like our first ceremony Charlie pulled me towards him and I couldn't help the shivers that danced down my spine as he tilted my head and caressed my lips with his thumb. He smiled before kissing the one corner of my mouth then the other. I grabbed his shirt and captured his lips with mine before he could perform the sweet torture again. He pulled back before we could deepen the kiss and I let out a moan. He grinned. \"Later,\" he whispered before we turned faced our future together. Who knew that when I attended Claire and Lorenzo's wedding two months ago, that the three little words \"come with me\" would change my life in a way that I had never expected...and I couldn't have been happier. ","Summary":" AN: Hi welcome to my newest story which has been written in collaboration with H6p8gv. I want to gi"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Destined to Explode","Author":"NessaBoBessa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7022973","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Janelle's Point of View* Do you really have to go honey? You could just go to college at UCF. I hear there are very good looking guys there. I think you would enjoy it. my mom said, while trying to be convincing. We were half way to the airport and she wouldn t stop going on and on about me going to college 5 hours away in California when we lived in sunny Florida, the state which everyone wants to visit. But for me, it s the total opposite feeling, I hate this place, I want to leave with a driving passion. Once I stopped spacing out I looked at my mom s natural blond curls bouncing up and down as she talked making me realize that her hair was exactly like mine except for the fact that my hair was a few shades darker. Janelle are you listening to me? she asked, glancing at me quickly. Oh yeah mum, sorry I zoned out. But anyway, I have got accepted to one of the greatest schools in California and my two best friends are going to be joining me. I paused for a second then continued, I know you re just worried about me being all the way across the country, but I will be fine, I promise. I smiled letting her know that I was sure that I would be okay, and she replied with a smile and patted my knee with her hand. Okay hon, she said while pulling up to the airport s drop off sight and digging through her purse, but just in case here is a credit card that I have put under your name, it already has $5,000 on it, and if it runs out it comes straight out of my account so you never have to worry about running out of money. I was speechless. I finally hugged her and said, thanks mum. I glanced at the clock, I better get going or I am going to miss my flight. She simply nodded and got out of the car opening the boot (trunk). My mom took all 6 of my bags out of the car. You see, the company I had bought my ticket with only allowed 2 suitcases with me but of course I couldn t fit all of my stuff into two suitcases so my mom paid them to let me bring more. I guess this is a see you later! I said excitedly. You will barely ever hear me say goodbye, every since I was a little girl my grandfather had said it s only a goodbye if you know that you will never be seeing them again. and since then, I have never said it. A tear traveled down her cheek. Mum I will video call you as soon as I get there and check in all the time, I promise. I know but my little girl is going off to college no where near here. I still can t believe you picked the University of California Nellz honestly it would b- I cut her off before she could go on more about staying in this one place for the rest of my life. Mum I have to go. I know honey I m sorry. I love you so have fun. She brought me into a full loving hug and after a few seconds let go. I took that as a signal to walk off, so I began walking towards the luggage carts when she placed her hand on my arm. I know you re upset that your dad isn t here right now but he does love you, she paused then continued, I just thought you would like to know. I didn t even bother turning around. He didn t love me, every member of my family was aware of this. Who was she trying to play? My dad and I s relationship was way past the point in which you could mend it. I paused and waited for a few seconds thinking about what she had just said he does love you... I shook the thought out of my mind and continued walking towards the carts. Once I had got the cart I brought it over to my luggage and bent down to get the best hold of my biggest suitcase. Hey hun! Think you could bend over a little more? called a deep voiced stranger, which couldn t be more than 2 ft away from me. I stood up straight and before I turned around I fixed my Short Shorts . No need to fix your shorts babe I had a great view I finally saw the boy which had been making the comments. I looked at the guy probably around my age maybe a few years older. He was leaning against the wall, looking quite charming, but he will never know that the thought even crossed my mind. His hair was put up into a very messy fo-hawk, which suited him nicely. He was wearing a Navy blue plaid shirt with the sleeves just past his elbows which had the top three buttons undone showing part of his chest, black jeans that were pretty slim but not enough to call skinny jeans, dark blue and black OASIS shoes, and one his right wrist was a black watch. He fashion sense was pretty impressive to be honest, but what topped his whole look off was the smirk which was plastered on his face. Ass wipe. I walked towards him letting my hips sway from side to side watching his face light up in surprise. Wanna even better view? I asked in my best seduction voice ever. He was speechless, all he could do was nod in agreement. Well all you have to do is one simple thing. I stated rubbing up and down this muscly arm. He then realized what I was doing and snapped out of the trance. Oh and what would that be honey? He said with that all ready famous smirk of his. His lips were at least a centimeter away from mine before I responded, Take my luggage and put them on the cart for me. He backed up a few inches before laughing slightly and saying, I m not your bitch honey. Alright if he wanted to play it this way, fine. I can turn it up even further. I had grabbed the back of his hands and placed them so they were lightly placed on my ass. He squeezed lightly and I heard a light moan escape through his lips. I then grabbed his shirt and pulled his body towards mine even more than it already was. Both of our bodies were now touching and I put my arms around his neck making his head level to mine, making our lips hover over each other. I knew he could feel my breathe on his lips. Are you sure? I asked just over a whisper, while watching his eyes stray from my eyes to my lips continuously. O-o-okay. He stammered. He gave my ass one last squeeze and walking to my luggage and placing it one by one on the cart. I smirked before turning around and putting my hands on my hips waiting for him to finish. After a few minutes, he placed my purse on the very top and smiled at me. Alright, I saw a closet over there. I said walking over to him and taking his hand in mine and strolling over to the big white door, which I thought was the closet. I opened the door to gladly find the supplies for what looked like a janitor would use. I smiled back at him and tugged on his shirt bringing him inside, turned on the dim light, and locked the door. I unbuttoned the rest of the buttons on his shirt while he was kissing down my neck. I let out a quiet moan for his enjoyment only. His shirt slid over his shoulders and it dropped on the floor, he tried pulling my shirt up and I pushed his hands away and unbuttoned his pants while he smiled into the kiss which he gave my neck. His pants dropped and he then went for my shorts yet again. Wait. Hold on. I said. What? Do you have a condom? I asked, tilting my hand to the side. He picked up his pants and checked the pockets before replying with, No. I have one in my purse. I will be right back. I said while walking towards the door, he grabbed my arm and pulled me close to him. It s alright no need. I ll just pull out before- well ya know He said winking, kissing the side of my neck again. No. I m not taking that chance, honestly I ll be right back. I said kissing his cheek and unlocking the door. I walked out and there wasn t to many people around so I just walked to straight to my, untouched, cart and pushed it towards the airports main entrance. I smirked and and muttered to myself proudly, Sucker. -[Chapter 2] Janelle's Point of View \"Excuse me ma'am, do you have any idea where seat 4G is? I have been looking for a while and I can't seem to find it?\" I asked a flight attendant. She smiled sweetly and showed me to my seat. \"I really appreciate it!\" \"No problem. Would you like to put your purse in the over head? Or would you prefer to put it under your seat?\" She said nicely. \"Oh I'll just put it under my seat. Thanks for your help.\" With that she walked away to help an old couple that was trying to figure out how to open the over head. I took the time to look at my surroundings. I had gladly got a window seat with no one sitting next to me. In front of me I could see a middle aged couple and the mother had a baby on her lap connected to her seat belt. The baby was giggling because the father was tickling her tummy. I smiled and thought of the millions of pictures my mother had taken of me when i was younger because I was there first child. Memories of sitting on the couch with my mother and father just looking at the photographs one after another. The voice over the intercom pulled me out of my thinking, \"Hello ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking, we are about to lift off so if you could please put on your seat belts until I come on over the intercom again that would be great. Thank you for flying with JetBlue Airways.\" I laid back into my chair while buckling my seat belt, and began looking out the window. I watched as the trees went by and the runway became smaller and smaller before hearing the captain come over the intercom and told us that we could now unbuckle our seat belts if we would like to. I left my buckle alone and just continued to look out of the window at the clouds that we were now in. I saw a figure come out of the bathroom and start walking down the aisle a few seats away from me, and I didn't think much of it until it came a few more feet and I could recognize who it was. \"This. Is. Fucking. Impossible.\" I whispered to my self. I quickly slid down into my chair and turn my face toward the window, trying to get out of the view of the person walking down the hallway. No such luck. \"Hey honey, mind if I sit here?\" questioned a very familiar voice, whose weight was now being placed on the seat beside me. I could feel his body close to mine, so there was no chance that I could ignore him. I felt his hot breath on my ear as he whispered, \"it's the least you could do.\" I sat up straight and turned to look at him. He had his right leg underneath his left thigh and his face was inches away from mine. Once I realized how close his lips were to mine I backed up a few inches into a uncomfortable position, but I'd rather sit like this than sit really close to him. He smirked at my reaction and moved his leg so both feet were planted on the floor. \"I have no clue what you're talking about.\" I said turning to watch the t.v. which was on a random channel. \"Oh don't bull shit me,\" he chuckled then continued, \"What happened back there?\" \"Ohhh, are you talking about the janitors closet?\" I didn't even have to turn my head to see him nod slightly. \"Well. I heard that there was this pathetic loser trying to get laid in there, but his plan failed when she had to be excused for some reason. He was waiting for her to come back for a while, but the funny thing is, she never come back!\" I laughed for a few seconds before I got shh-ed by a couple of people around us, that were trying to sleep. \"I bet the girl was just scared of getting a yard stick up her-\" he whispered until I cut him off. \"Just stop.\" I said in a stern voice. He chuckled. \"What's your name?\" I asked simply. \"Dwight Stifler.\" \"I'm Janelle, but you can call me Nellz if it's easier for you. Besides the point, is there any chance that you could go back to your own seat?\" \"Yeah, there is a chance.\" he paused and then continued, \"but not much of one.\" I sighed, knowing there was no point in arguing with him. I pulled out my purse from underneath my seat and rummaged through it trying to find my iPod, I could feel his eyes burning a whole in the side of my face. \"What?\" I whispered loudly. \"Ohhhh fiesty! I like it!\" he said, trying to put his arm around my shoulder but I pushed his arm before he even got it around. I found my iPod and plugged in my SkullCandy headphones and put them in my ears. I was about to press play when Dwight snatched my iPod out of my hands. \"What kinda music you got on here?\" he asked while looking through my library. I leaned over his lap to try and get it from his arm that had been extended across the walkway. \"All you have on here is All Time Low!\" he started chuckling historically. \"Shut up! They're a good band!\" He didn't reply, he only handed it back to me and began chuckling yet again. \"I'm gonna try to go to sleep. If you're still here, which I hope your not, then wake me up when we are about to land.\" I snuggled down into my seat and got more comfortable, falling into a sweet slumber.[Chapter 3] Janelle's Point of View \"Hey. Hey.\" I heard someone repeating, while feeling my arm being rubbed through my jacket which I was using as a blanket. My eyes began to flutter open, it was then that I realized I had been laying my head on someones shoulder and that same someone was the one trying to wake me up. \"Hi sleepy head.\" he said in a low voice. I brought my head away from his shoulder and stretched a little, trying to wake myself up. \"How long until we land?\" I asked curiously, attempting not to fall asleep again as I put my head against the window. \"Oh not to long.\" \"I wanna watch as we land.\" I reached over towards the window cover and moved up revealing blackness. I sat a for a few seconds without moving trying to figure out why it was so dark outside when we were suppose to land pretty early in the morning. I thought it would be at least a little bright when we arrived. \"Exactly how long did you say until we land?\" \"Oh, I didn't say an exact time.\" he said a stuttering on the last word a little. With my elbow I pressed the channel that showed the location of the plane, and when it showed that we had only been in the air for an hour I had to control myself. \"WHAT. Exactly do you think you're doing waking me up with still hours to go until we land!\" I said in a whisper not to wake up any passengers that were sleeping- like I should be at this moment. \"I got bored, and thought that we could have a little talk .\" he winked and put his hand on my lower thigh sending chills up and down my spine. He began tracing his finger up my thigh slowly. I smiled knowing exactly what he meant by talk and placed my hand on top of his, making his whole hand touch my thigh, and started bringing it up higher and higher up my leg. His smile on his face grew more and more the higher it went. and just as it was about to touch the bottom of my short jeans when I pushed his hand away with much force. \"Or maybe you could just use that hand for your own personal pleasures.\" I said smirking. He laughed, \"Or you could do that for me.\" \"Ugh. You sicken me.\" \"And why's that?\" I turned my full body to look at him before I started on my rant, \"Are you honestly asking me that right now? You don't even know me and you tried getting in my pants twice. I have known you for, what, two hours and I can already tell that you're one of those guys that want sex. That's all you ever think of isn't it? Who's gonna hop on that, pathetic size, of a dick that you have next. You don't care that she's a whore you still want her. You don't know who I am, what my past has been like, fuck, you don't even know old I am! So why are you trying to get with me? A complete stranger,\" I paused, \"So why don't you just get up and walk back to your own seat because I am really tired of hearing this bullshit from you about wanting to fuck me.\" What did this guy want from me? Well sex I am guessing but it's kind of like he is trying to stalk me or something. And how did he know what plane I was getting on? This can't be a coincidence. I sat waiting for a response from him. I could tell that he was thinking about something. After a few minutes I got tired of waiting and pushed on his arm slightly while saying, \"Go!\" I said it a few times before he actually spoke. \"Alright, alright.\" He brought his face a few inches closer to mine and he cupped my cheek with his hand. \"Just let me do one thing.\" he said while pulling my head so close to his that I could feel his breath on my lips. I separated my lips. He then whispered, \"If you want me to stop, tell me.\"[Chapter 4] Janelle's Point of View Here I was. University of California in Santa Barbara. My home for the next four years while I get my M. Ed. in Education. The top partying school of California. I heard that they had an amazing educational environment for students to work in so that's the reason I applied- not because of the whole partying thing...Even though that was a plus. I checked my phone to see if anyone had text me while I was in the taxi watching everything go past. I had a text from Deena: To: Nellz From: Deens;3 Your sharing a room with me and Kelly, so just come straight here, room 2723:) Hope you had a great flight, darling. I quickly replied back saying: I'll be up in the room soon:) I grabbed my bags and struggled walking through the dorm building, I should have packed lighter, there is way to much crap in here. \"Excuse me; do you want some help to your dorm?\" I heard someone say politely, causing me to turn around to come face to face with a gorgeous blonde guy, with ocean blue eyes. \"That'd be great.\" I said smiling. What is with all the gorgeous guys being around me today? I laughed a little; I could get use to this. \"So I take it your new here?\" He said while rolling the two largest suitcases of mine. I grabbed two more and replied with, \"yeah.\" We made short conversations and I found out that his name was Brad, he was 19, and had previously lived in Nevada for 8 years. But shortly the conversation came to an end when we had reached my dorm. \"Well if you ever need any more help then give me a call.\" He said smiling as he took a pen out of his pocket and took my hand, writing his number on it. \"I will for sure. Thank you again, I couldn't have made it all the way up here with out your help.\" He nodded and walked away leaving me in an empty hallway. I turned around knocking on the door and waited for a few seconds before hearing, \"come in!\" from a voice which sounded much like Deena's. I opened the door and had all of 10 seconds to drop everything that I was trying to carry before having Deena's petite body cling to mine in a welcoming hug, knocking the breath out of me. \"Hey baby girl.\" I said smiling. \"Hey Darlin'! I have missed you sooo much! I can't believe we are rooming together!\" Before she let go of me and said that I needed to have a tour around the place, we stood screaming in excitement. The dorm was pretty blank considering we hadn't decorated yet, but I knew it would look more roomy once Kelly joined us. Once I walked into dorm the kitchen was only the left and it was pretty big, some of the cupboards were open showing bowls and plates of all different sizes. When continuing I could see that the living room was filled with different furniture that looked like objects in which Ikea would sell, and thank goodness because Ikea is an amazing store! From the living room there was a door to the main bedroom and a short hallway which lead to a bathroom, and the other two rooms. The first bedroom was a little bit bigger than the other two, but the main difference was that it included a walk in closet and a small bathroom in the corner. It was a very nice dorm and I was glad that the three of us weren't going to be cramped up in a small place. I decided that it would be better if I unpacked later on because I was tired from the flight so I grabbed Deena and plopped down on the couch turning on the television. The only thing which was interesting to watch was Two and a half Men. We laughed at the corny jokes that they presented, I miss this show. I suddenly felt my phone vibrate and quickly got it out of my pocket. To: Nellz From: Kelly3 Hey I am on my way to the room! \"Oh my god! Kelly will be here in a few!\" We hurried in cleaning the mess of the snacks which we were eating and ran to the door opening it just in time, because Kelly was standing there ready to knock on it. We had a weird three person hug and all laughed at how retarded we were. The three of us chilled in the living room for a while before we heard a knock at the door. \"Who the hell is that?\" Kelly questioned. Deena opened the door having Kelly standing next to her making me stand behind them. \"Hey honeys, I am on the schools welcoming comity, and they have asked me to come to freshmans dorms and give them a tour around campus.\" Its official I have a fucking stalker and classes haven't even started yet. FML. .org/Client/ali/images/housing/pds_[Chapter 5] Janelle's Pov \"Why the fuck are you here?\" I yelled, pushing past Kelly and standing inches from him. \"Closet buddy! What's up!\" He asked a smile across his lips. I just rolled my eyes. \"Why are you stalking me? And nothing happened in that closet therefore I am not your buddy!\" \"Oh shut up you know I am not stalking you.\" He walked passed the three of us and plopped down on the couch. \"Then please explain why you are now sitting on my couch.\" I said crossing my arms once I was close to the sofa. \"I already told you. Plus I am a year above you guys so I know all of the freshman ladies.\" He said with a smirk and a short wink. \"Ughhh!\" I screamed, storming off to my room, which is the main bedroom, \"Call me when that thing is gone!\" I fell backwards onto my bed and rubbed my eyes. \"Why can't I just wake up from this? Why does he have to be everywhere I go? Why me?\" I asked my self many questions before noticing it was 5 pm. What the hell? Why not just have a nap, maybe when I wake up he won't be here. I let myself slip into self unconsciousness, and woke up at half past midnight. I could hear laughter coming from the living room and decided to go out and find out who it was. I opened my door to find Stifler laughing and joking with Deena and Kelly. I stopped dead in my tracks and my mouth dropped. What were they doing? \"Hey babe. Missed ya.\" He said winking. God he thinks he is so damn sexy. I look at Deena and Kelly and they immediately turned towards the floor. \"The two of you. In my room. Now.\" I stormed off towards my room knowing that they were going to follow. Once in the room I faced them and crossed my arms over my chest. \"Did you not get the hint that I wanted him gone?\" I asked calmly. \"What's your problem with him?\" Deena said. \"He tried fucking me in a janitors closet, and then stalked me onto the plane, and is now sitting in my living room! All he wants is sex guys, I mean come on, he could have done better than that stupid welcoming comity, like seriously.\" \"Did you actually talk to him though?\" Kelly asked. \"Well, no. I didn't. But honestly I don't want to! He's a jerk!\" There was a knock at the door, and we all paused. \"I'm gonna get going. I need to get back to my hotel.\" I opened the door quickly to see a sad looking Stifler. \"You're not staying on campus?\" I asked. \"Well no, wait yes. I mean some of the guys have to stay at a hotel tonight because our dorms aren't done. So, yeah.\" He said, while running his hand through his hair. I turned back to Deena and Kelly, \"No.\" \"Dwight can we please talk to Janelle alone for a second?\" He nodded and turned around walking back to the couch. \"There is no need for talking!\" I semi-screamed. \"We can't let him go to a flippen' hotel. You have a big enough room, seriously let him sleep on your couch which is in your room. Don't be a bitch.\" Kelly said. My mouth dropped, \"I am not being a bitch, I am honestly afraid he will try and rape me in my sleep! Why can't he stay in the living room?\" \"Because, that's just lonely. Come on all you have to do is go to sleep, he isn't going to come anywhere near you.\" I thought for a few minutes about it. \"I really don't care. Fuck it. Go ahead let him rape me in my sleep that's fine. But I am not helping set up the couch, on which he will spend the entire night on I will add!\" I stormed off into the living room and crossed my arms and looked at Dwight. \"Would you like to spend the night here instead of a nasty hotel room?\" I placed a fake smile up on my lips. \"Are we gonna share your bed?\" He asked. I laughed, \"You're kidding me right?\" \"Yeah.\" Was all he mumbled. I walked back into my room heading straight to the bathroom taking off my clothes and placing on my [i] really [/i] booty shorts which I wore to bed, and my tank top. Hopefully he would still be in the living room. My hope was shot down when I opened the door and saw him just walking into my room. \"Damn, who knew someone could look so good when there about to go to sleep.\" He smirked and I rolled my eyes, walking towards my bed. He quickly moved over to where I was and grabbed my wrist pulling me back into him. \"Look. I'm sorry. But I am really greatful for you guys letting me stay here,\" he looked down at our fingertips touching, basically holding hands. \"Deena and Kelly said I could stay on your couch is that okay?\" he asked. I moved my hand back and grabbed my other wrist with it, \"yeah that's fine. Goodnight.\" \"Goodnight Janelle.\" He said as he walked over to the sofa bed. I climbed into bed and was about to turn the light off when something caught my eye. Stifler was taking off his shirt showing his [i] very [/i] nicely bui;t body. Before he noticed me gawking I quickly looked away as he also took off his pants, and leaving him with only his boxers on. A few minutes later we began talking and it wasn't just the whole, \"where are you from, etc.\" questions. It was actually a deep conversation. *The next morning* I woke up to the sunshine coming through my window. I was about to move whenI felt arms wrapped around my waist. They were not there last night. But even though I kinda hate him, he was different last night. I'm not sure what got into him, but truthfully, I could hang out with this Dwight. ","Summary":" *Janelle's Point of View* Do you really have to go honey? You could just go to college at UCF. I he"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Nerd's Purge","Author":"ZeeLizard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10533656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] **Authors Note: I know this is the third time I have posted this story. I've been writing myself in circles so I decided to rewrite it, yet again. Hopefully this time it will be more organized and can actually be finished. I'm sorry for how many times this story has been posted as new. Fingers crossed that this will be the last time!** Sanus Chinsky waited uneasily outside Oakleigh Knoll's house, fidgeting and glancing over his shoulder every few minutes as he waited for the door to be opened. Police in Nebraska seemed blissfully unaware of how few Purgers waited until seven to begin their night time crime-spree. It felt more nerve-racking to be out right before the sirens sounded than if he were to be traipsing around the neighborhood as gunshots and screams rang out in the night. The clouds overhead drifted across the sky, ignoring the urgency of the lanky boy on Rohr Street. His mahogany-haired friend pulled the door open just as his nerves began to get the better of him and he collapsed onto her foyer floor. \"Dude, calm down. It's 6:35,\" Oakleigh said, rolling her eyes as she grabbed his elbow and helped him to his feet. \"Abby isn't even here yet.\" \"You never know. You let your guard down for one minute and next thing you know you're getting double tapped in the back of the head.\" \"Yeah well I think it's safe to say the back of your head is bullet free. Come on, I still have to get the basement set up.\" Oakleigh swung the door closed and the pair raced down the long flight of stairs leading from the foyer to the tastefully furnished den. Purple, red, and rainbow beanbags were organized in a half moon around the plasma television and behind that sat a red-felt-covered pool table, the balls racked and ready to go. The far end of the den was a modern, miniature kitchen. It had a four-burner cooking top, half oven big enough for a large cookie sheet or a large pizza, A full sized refrigerator and large deep freezer were off to the side, filled with enough food and soda to last twelve sleepless hours. \"You get the rainbow one,\" Oakleigh said, making her way to the closet on wall adjacent to the stairs. \"Did you bring any games or?\" \"Hunter dibbed them for tonight.\" Sanus groaned, holding his arms out Titanic-style and falling onto his designated beanbag, staring up at the popcorn ceiling. Oakleigh grabbed the box containing her family's blu ray player from the closet floor, stacking a few movie cases on top of it. \"Abby better bring Saw or else I'm going to scream.\" \"I'm sure she will,\" Sanus said, propping himself up on his elbows. \"That series is like Jesus to her.\" Oakleigh knelt down and set up the player. \"Do you even remember the rules of Delicism? The Holy Trinity is Gordon Ramsay, Bacon Jesus, and the Holy Nutella.\" \"What about Saw and Silence of the Lambs?\" \"Jigsaw the Baptist and the Virgin Clarice.\" \"Of course,\" Sanus rolled his eyes, pushing himself to a standing position and making his way over to the kitchen. \"Dare I ask about Lucifer or Hell?\" \"Satan is tofu and Hell is a vegan place.\" \"You girls are way too fat to be so skinny.\" \"If I'm going to die tomorrow, I want to eat cake tonight,\" Oakleigh said, scooting away from the blu ray player and flopping onto the purple beanbag chair. \"Or drown my lungs in nutella, that works too.\" Sanus opened his mouth to reply when the sound of something heavy falling down the stairs interrupted him. The pair pulled themselves to a standing position, glancing in the direction of the sound before Abby's tumbling body was visible. She landed on her back, head bouncing slightly as it hit the tile floor. Her eyes were closed and her strawberry blonde hair fanned out under her skull. \"Abby? Are you okay?\" Sanus asked as he jogged over to the petite girl's still form. She groaned, rolling her head slightly from side to side as she came to. \"I skipped a step on my way down,\" her voice sounded pained. \"No bueno.\" \"Shit, do you need anything?\" Oakleigh asked, hovering awkwardly between wanting to go to Abby's side or running to get the first aid case from the closet. \"Yeah, I need...I need...\" \"What? What do you need?\" Sanus asked as he knelt down beside her. Abby opened her eyes and a wide smile broke across her face, \"I need Oakleigh to get the blu ray up and running because I brought Saw.\"[Chapter 2] \"You're such an asshole, Abs,\" Sanus said for the twelfth time. \"Oh come on, it was funny and you know it,\" Oakleigh said as she pulled her long hair into a messy bun on the top of her head. The trio was gathered around Oakleigh's TV as they waited for the Saw home screen to load, lounging on their large bean bag chairs. Abby was stacking the Saw movies in order as Sanus crossed and recrossed his legs, rolling the remote in his hands. \"It was not,\" Sanus replied defiantly. The sirens were going to sound in five minutes and the trio was busy preparing for their night of gorey movies. A tray of frozen pizza rolls rested on the counter as the oven preheated. Oakleigh and Abby sipped at baby bottles of Mountain Dew as Sanus tapped on the top of a Diet Coke can, drumming his nails against the aluminum before snapping the tab open. \"Your face begged to differ,\" Abby said. \"Would you just start the movie?\" Sanus sighed and pressed the center button on the remote, staring at the Twisted Pictures logo. \"It was still not funny. I was about one hundred percent sure that you were dead.\" \"I'm not that good of an actress!\" Abby argued rotating so she was upside down on her chair. \"I mean yeah I got a roll in A Simple Task last year but it wasn't even the lead. And I didn't die, all I did was fire someone.\" Yeah, and you owe Donald Trump a million bucks for that line,\" Oakleigh laughed. \"I highly doubt he's going to school a high school theatre program over two words,\" Abby rolled her eyes. \"He's not that stupid.\" \"People have sued over stupider things.\" \"Yeah like coffee that is too hot,\" Sanus said, breaking the tab off his can and throwing it at the two girls. \"Fucking women.\" \"In all fairness, the coffee was too hot for human consumption. It gave her third degree burns,\" Abby argued. \"Even though she spilled it on herself, coffee isn't supposed to be that hot. There's hot and then there's ridiculous.\" \"Riddikulus!\" Oakleigh shouted, sticking her fist in the air as she rolled off her bean bag chair. \"Enough with Harry Potter!\" Abby said, poking her in the ribs with the toe of her converse. \"We get it, you were born into the wrong universe.\" \"We could say the same with you and Saw,\" Sanus said, pointing to the screen as Adam Stanheight pulled himself from the bathtub he woke in and tumbled to the floor. \"When was the last time we did a Harry Potter marathon during the Purge?\" \"We can't fit all eight of those movies into twelve hours,\" Abby rolled her eyes. \"Would it kill you to come over earlier and leave a little bit later?\" Oakleigh sighed, rolling her eyes. \"Oh, oh just the very thought of it makes me feel faint,\" Abby said, dramatically falling against her bean bag and splaying her arms and legs out. \"My body is ready!\" Sanus said pressing his foot against the red leather of her chair and pushing it farther away from him. \"Now, let's just talk about that hair of yours. What the hell did you do to it?\" \"What do you mean?\" Abby asked innocently, widening her eyes. \"One, you're not Puss in Boots, that trick won't work on me. Two, it used to be ombre. Where the hell did the blonde mess come from?\" \"A box.\" Oakleigh rolled onto her stomach and pushed herself up so she was resting on her knees. \"Oh really? Because I thought the dye came in a plastic bottle.\" \"Shut up,\" Abby said, making an unappealing face at Oakleigh. \"Just watch Leigh Whannell's masterpiece come to life.\" They turned to stare at the screen in silence, watching as Adam and Doctor Gordon bantered back and forth before the scene cut to Zepp. Upstairs they heard the Emergency Broadcast Bulletin alarm ring out from the living room television. \"This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S. Government. Weapons of class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during the Purge. All other weapons are restricted. Government officials of ranking 10 have been granted immunity from the Purge and shall not be harmed. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning until 7 a.m., when The Purge concludes. Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a nation reborn. May God be with you all.\" The last few rings on the TV played before it cut out. The sirens sounded a few moments later. \"Well,\" Abby said dramatically, \"let the game begin.\"[Chapter 3] \"Okay so if you were Jigsaw, and it was Purge night, who would you kill and why?\" Sanus asked, flicking his pizza roll in the ranch dressing plate that sat between the three bean bag chairs. Two large plates full of pizza rolls were on either side of the dipping plate smothered in ranch, piled high with steaming supreme, pepperoni, and triple cheese rolls. \"Justine Bieber,\" Abby said, stuffing two of the rolls into her mouth. \"He's a little douche. I mean is he even famous anymore? All he does is walk around doing drugs without a shirt on and with his pants sagging. Does he even make music anymore?\" \"I think you mean Justin Bieber, not Justine,\" Sanus said. \"And he does still make music. Not good music, but music.\" \"No I definitely meant Justine.\" Sanus rolled his eyes, turning to Oakleigh. She was dragging the corner of one of her rolls through the ranch, her eyes following it like she wasn't sure where it was going. \"Okay either you're high and not sharing your stuff or you're thinking about something,\" Sanus said, squinting his eyes suspiciously. \"And you can't be high because you're terrified of even smoking hookah.\" He half scooted his torso closer so his face was inches from hers and propped his chin up on his hands. He widened his eyes and batted his lashes like a Disney princess before whispering, \"Whatcha thinking about?\" \"It's nothing,\" Oakleigh protested quickly, popping the pizza roll into her mouth and wincing as it's hot insides spilled across her tongue. \"Ow, Jesus that hurt.\" \"Oakleigh,\" Abby said, her voice steady and low, \"what are you thinking?\" \"Just random stuff. I guess thinking about the Purge.\" \"Like, what about it?\" Abby asked, reaching to grab another handful of pizza rolls. \"Why we don't.\" \"Because we're nerds and if we tried to Purge we would get our heads blown off in a matter of minutes,\" Sanus said as he chewed vigorously. \"But how? I mean my mom has a huge arsenal of weapons and ammo in her closet, we wouldn't be totally defenseless. And hell, I would love to rob a Best Buy or Apple store and finally get a non-ghetto phone, it's not like we'd just run around jaywalking the entire time.\" \"Aw,\" Sanus sighed, pretending to be crestfallen. \"I thought we could be living the thug life!\" \"If we did Purge we'd have to stop by the music store. I want to get my own bass clarinet and stop having to borrow stupid Mr. Capri's,\" Abby said, scrunching up her face as she did so. \"I'm sure we can make a stop there,\" Oakleigh said, already pushing herself to her feet. \"Come on guys. Let's Purge!\" ","Summary":" **Authors Note: I know this is the third time I have posted this story. I've been writing myself in"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Confessions","Author":"Sophie Capulet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7456295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sophie sat at her desk in her small single room apartment and she had never felt more alone. The sky was gray and cloud coated outside her window and the droplets of rain running down the cold glass matched the tears running down her cheeks. She couldn't understand why she found herself how she was now. She sat curled up in a soft comfortable chair, a blanket draped around her bare shoulders and the only light in the room coming from the screen of her computer. When she really thought about it, Sophie Hall knew she had everything she wanted. She had her dream writer's job at the New Yorker and she had Charlie, the man she knew loved her more than anything. But now, as she sat in her dark apartment room listening to the sound of the rain pouring down, Sophie was alone and isolated away from the world. Charlie was in Italy, thousands of miles away. Sophie missed him so terribly and she couldn't stop thinking about him. She wished she could be with him, but she was being held prisoner by two things. Work and weather. Bobby wanted a new story about the secretaries of Juliet by next week and the recent rain and gale force winds were stopping planes from taking off and landing. She wanted Charlie with her now, she didn't want him to be in sunny Italy with Claire and Lorenzo, she wanted him to be with her in her little New York apartment, holding her close in her hour of need. Wiping her tear filled eyes with the soft corner of the blanket, Sophie peered up at the computer screen where a heartfelt email from Charlie was open. That was the first thing that caused the tears to rise in her big baby blue eyes and just made her miss him even more. But, the one thing that simply made her sob was what she was holding in her hand. A unopened letter. She didn't need to open it to know who it was from. She recognized the return address, but more importantly the name. Karen Parsons. Her mother. She hadn't heard from her mother for over ten years and now this letter appears out of the blue. She didn't know what to do, her hands shook and her shoulders heaved with her sobs. Sophie didn't want to open the letter but yet wanted to know why her mother had contacted her years after she had deserted her. Sophie lent forward and grabbed the phone, clenching her hand around a photograph of her and Charlie that Claire had taken of them the day after the wedding. She shook, hitting his speed dial number and placing the phone to her ear as she pulled the blanket further around her. She bit down hard on her full lip as she listened to the ringing tone. \"Come on Charlie, pick up please\" She whispered through her tears. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she heard that click, indicating that her beloved Charlie had finally picked up his phone. \"Hey my darling\" Charlie said as he answered the phone, not expecting what he was about to hear. Instead of hearing Sophie's sweet and cheerful voice in reply to his happy greeting, he heard her chattering teeth and her heaving cries. The sound of her tears sent shivers down his spine, he could feel her pain, fear and confusion in every bone of his body and his heart began to beat faster in shock. \"Sophie, Soph my sweet\" He said in a calm soothing voice trying to work his way through her tears to reach her. \"Oh Sophie please, it's okay. Listen to me baby, calm down and tell me what is wrong\". Sophie sniffled, breathing heavily down the phone as she tried to calm her self down, listening to Charlie's calming sweet nothings. Both of them were unsure how long this went on for. Eventually when he felt that she was calm enough to speak, Charlie started asking questions. How he wished he could be with her, holding her close and stroking her hair. \"Sophie Hall, I love you so much, please tell me whats so wrong?\" \"Oh Charlie\" Sophie whimpered. \"I'm scared, I've had a letter. A letter from my mom. I'm terrified to open it, what could she want? I haven't seen her or heard from her since I was nine\" Charlie was shocked. Whenever the break up of her family was mentioned, it was like Sophie went into shock. From working in the courtrooms, Charlie knew what this meant. Some great trauma in the past, something that she couldn't quite get over no matter how hard she tries. Charlie wanted to know what this was, so he could help her to get over it somehow or someway, but he didn't want to ask her and risk causing her more pain. He knew what this felt like, he couldn't get over the trauma of learning his parents had died and even though this had ripped his life apart he could tell that Sophie had been put through more pain and more trauma. He knew her mother left her because she didn't want her. \"A letter from your mom\" He said, not knowing what to think. \"Wow, I, I don't know what to say Sophie. Well, maybe she saw your story and thought she would get back in contact with you\". What was he saying? Charlie couldn't believe that he had said that in a way that implied that her mother wanted to see her again and wrap her arms around her as if nothing had ever happened between them. He didn't know if he was simply being idiotic, or was his lawyers mindset taking over and trying to get her to confess what had happened to her in her troubled childhood. \"But why Charlie?\" Sophie snapped. \"It wasn't subtle, the way that she left. She didn't simply pack up her bags and leave one night whilst I slept. I don't understand, every time I think of her I see the monster I used to see as a little girl. I wasn't afraid of the monsters under the bed when I was a child, no I was afraid of her\"[Chapter 2] Charlie froze. What was he meant to say in reply to that? He felt torn, unsure about what to do. His lawyer mind set told him to use his cross examination skills to manipulate Sophie into confessing about her traumatic past, but she wasn't some witness in his courtroom, she was his girlfriend. Here she was, the one girl that he wanted to be with forever, whimpering down the phone and silently begging for comfort. He wanted to ask why Sophie was afraid of her mother but he was scared of causing her further distress. \"Sophie\" He said softly. \"My sweet Sophie, will you tell me why?\" Another stutter from Sophie turned quickly into more heart wrenching sobs. \"No\" she coughed \"I mean ... Oh Charlie I'm sorry. I just can't. No now, not like this. I'm in such a state right now\" The sound of her crying echoed around her room as she sat in complete darkness, only small flickers of light were flashing from cars racing past outside. She struggled to see these flickers of light through her blurred tear filled eyes like she was struggling to see the light in her situation right now. Charlie sighed, he only wanted to help her in anyway that he could. \"Of course my dear, you can take your time in telling me. I hope you understand that I only want to help you, I am not being nosy\" He said \"I love you Sophie Hall\" Charlie could feel her pain and sorrow and only wanted her to be happy again. He wished that he could be with her but he knew that is was impossible right now. \"I love you too Charlie Wyman, and I know that you are only trying to help me\" Sophie cried. \"I'll call you tomorrow, I just need to calm down first. I'm not going to open this horrid letter. Not without you here with me, I can't do this alone\" Sophie then threw the letter into a drawer and hung up the phone. Placing it down, she stepped across the room and laid into bed, curling up and sobbing allowing the pain to pour out of her in her tears. Biting his lip, Charlie put the phone down and put his head in his hands. He knew that he would get to see her soon, flights would be starting up again in the next few days. He had missed her before he had spoken to her but now he was desparate to see her. He felt so bad for her, all alone in her big city with all her memories, fears and worries piled onto top of her and him with his family without a worry. But now he was worried for her. Claire ran a hand through her hair as she saw her grandson sitting there. With a sigh, she went to him. \"Charlie\" she said. \"What ever is the matter?\" She stroked his cheek, looking at him with caring eyes as she sat down beside him gently. \"That was Sophie\" he said \"She's had a letter from her mother, she hasn't had any contact from her in over ten years. I know that her past must be broken and traumatic. You've seen the way that she reacts whenever her mother is mentioned, it's like she goes into shock. I was stupid and said that maybe her mom just wanted to talk to her again. I want her to tell me about her past but I don't want to upset her. Oh nan, she was crying so hard. She said that when she was a little girl, she wasn't afriad of things that little kids are normally scared of, she was afraid of her mom\" Claire put her hand over her mouth. She knew Sophie's mother left her when she was only nine years old but she had expected it only to be through a bad divorce not nothing more sinisiter then that. To Claire, Sophie was the angel like beautiful girl that had brought them all together and she hated to think of her being hurt. Sophie was Claire's sweet little Juliet. \"Oh my\" She said. \"That poor girl. She should be with us here now, not all alone\" \"I know gran, but the flights won't start again for at least two days\" Charlie said, despration clear in his speech and in the light blue of his eyes, his forehead wrinkled in worry. Claire kissed his forehead. \"Call her everyday sweetheart\" She said. \"Don't try to get her to confess, just let her talk to you if she wants too. We will see her soon and maybe once she is comfortable here with us, she will start to tell us about everything she has been through. Has she opened the letter?\" \"No\" Charlie said shaking his head and standing up \"She said she didn't want to open it when she was alone. She wants me to be with her when she opens it\" She nodded. \"When she arrives we will both talk to her. Now, darling I know that you are a lawyer, but don't let your mindset tell you to start interrogating her\" She said as her grandson nodded. \"Good, that's my boy. You're are good to her but she is going to need both of us Charlie' Claire loved Sophie dearly, like the granddaughter she never got to have. Sophie had instantly developed a close relationship with her and Claire knew that she felt comfortable enough to speak and to cry in her presence. Claire had never felt so close to another women then the time she had brushed Sophie's hair when the young women was upset. She could feel that trust between them then. She knew that when Sophie came in a few days, she would have to sit her down and talk to her. Claire made a silent promise to herself to give Sophie the love and care that she needed, the vital maternal touch that Sophie's life lacked.[Chapter 3] Hey everyone! Sorry it took so long for this update. It took a long time for me to work out what I was going to say next. Well,I hope you enjoy it and please leave a review. It is the reviews that keep me going! Sophie stood in the arrivals lounge, the Italian voices and writing that surrounded her coming as a relief to her. It had taken three long days for the flights to be restarted and Sophie couldn't describe how good it felt to be back in Italy again. She stood, biting down on her lip, clutching her carry on bag. She felt as if the letter was burning a hole in the leather bag and she was not sure how much longer she could take it. Thinking about the letter from her mother made that horrible sting of painful memories come to her and she had to prevent herself from allowing tears to take over her. \"Sophie\" She heard \"Sophie my darling\" Breaking out of her thoughts, she looked up. Her eyes met with Charlie's pale blue orbs and she felt some of the weight of her worries being lifted from her shoulders, as if Charlie was supporting it, supporting her. She smiled to him, throwing her arms around his neck and hugging him tightly, as if she was afraid that he was going to vanish completely. \"Oh Charlie, thank God I'm finally with you\" She whispered, burying her face in his chest. \"Shh baby\" Charlie whispered, stroking her hair. \"I'm with you now, and we are going to sort out this mess with this blasted letter. I promise\" Sophie nodded looking up at him. \"Okay\" She murmured intertwining their hands and walking with him. They collected her luggage and got into the car. He leaned across to give her a light and soft kiss, to which she happily returned. Charlie smiling and steering one handed, kept a firm but loving hold on her hand as if sending silent comfort. Sophie smiled sweetly to him. \"Thank you\" \"You are always welcome Soph\" Charlie said softly. \"I hate to see you sad like this. I want to make you happy again sweetheart\" The drive to the vineyard was quiet, with Sophie only saying a few words here and there. When Charlie pulled up outside the old stone building, they could see Claire standing outside waiting for them. She ran a hand through her hair and looked to Sophie with great care and love in her eyes. She smiled lovingly, putting her hands out to the young women. \"Come here my darling\" Sophie gave a teary smile, stepping forward to be enveloped in Claire's arms. She rested her head on her older women's shoulder as Claire ran her hands through Sophie's long blond hair, kissing her cheek and forehead. There was something in a hug from a grandmother that Sophie couldn't find anywhere else and the thought of it brought tears closer to falling. She clung to that feeling in Claire's hug, her heart aching. She loved Claire dearly, but this love made her think of the loss of her own grandmother, Amelia. There wasn't a day when Sophie didn't miss her. She pulled away slightly, looking at Claire's face as tears started falling. \"Oh Sophie, dear\" Claire gushed. \"Please don't cry, I hate to see my little angel sent friend upset. Charlie and I are here to help you through this, you're not alone anymore\" Charlie stepped forward, placing a hand on Sophie's shoulder and kissing her temple. \"You go with Gran baby, I'll gather your luggage and put it in our room, then I will come and join you\" Sophie nodded, wiping her eyes and taking Claire's hand. The kindly women smiles putting an arm around Sophie and leading her inside to the warm and homely living room of the house. They sat down together as Claire grabbed a tissue and carefully wiped Sophie's tears away. \"Why the tears Sophie?\" She said. \"You're here now\" \"I know\" Sophie whispered. \"But, oh Claire, you are so kind to me and treat me like your own daughter and it just makes me think of me not having this feeing of love of a maternal figure before, I only had my grandmother. But she's gone now\" Claire smiled sympathetically, feeling as if she had just started to open the window into Sophie's past. \"I see darling. Now, listen to me Sophie. I love you as if you were my own child. You did such a kind thing for me, a complete stranger and I will repay you with my love. If you ever did someone maternal to talk to, I want you to know that you can come to me, whatever the problem is\" She said, stroking Sophie's tear covered cheek. \"You understand that?\" Sophie smiled and nodded. \"Thank you Claire\" She smiled hugging her. Charlie came in and sat close beside Sophie, taking her hand in his. He wanted to get straight to looking at the letter, but didn't want to push Sophie into talking about it. \"Sophie\" He said. \"About this letter\". He looked across at Claire for a moment and saw her shoot a disapproving glare in his direction, and he knew she was saying \"Don't push her, you're not in court now Charles' with her eyes. Sophie sniffled, grabbing her bag and pulling the letter out of it. \"It arrived a week ago. I'm too scared to open it. I don't know what she wants. It's been too long, too long since she left me. I hate her\" Charlie gently took the letter from her and set it on the table before taking her into his arms. \"Shh shh Sophie, it's going to be alright. Whatever she wants, we will sort it out together, no matter what\" He said drawing shapes on her back with his fingers. Claire stroked her hair softly, wanting to bring some comfort to her. Sophie sighed sitting up and wiping her tears away. \"You're right, I'm being foolish\" she said taking hold of the letter again. \"I guess I better see what's in this\" Charlie nodded, even though he suspected that Sophie's sudden change of heart about the letter was simply trying to cover up the pain and sorrow that hid behind her now brave face. He could tell that this letter was not going to be pleasant and that it was going to hurt her but he wanted to do whatever he could to protect her from the pain and hurt, no matter what it took.[Chapter 4] Charlie leaned back in his seat slightly to look over the scene playing out beside him. He saw his grandmother with her arm around his precious Sophie as she prepared to open the letter from her mother. For a moment, he felt as if the picture was frozen and he could see behind the forced brave look in Sophie's big blue eyes. He could see the fear, the sorrow and the pain that hid in the darkest corners of her mind, waiting to jump out as soon as that letter was opened. It was as if the emotions were mocking her, pushing this brave face out to make her feel as if this letter wasn't going to harm her. As much as he wanted to know the truth, he couldn't bare the thought of her crying anymore, couldn't bare the thought of her finding more pain and hurt in the words of the letter. \"Sophie no\" He said suddenly, jumping slightly when she quickly looked up from the letter. \"Don't open it\" \"But...\" Sophie muttered. \"I thought you wanted me to open it, I thought you wanted to know\" \"You should forget all about it Soph\" Charlie said, trying to take the letter from her hands. \"Your mother doesn't deserve you, she doesn't deserve any contact from you\" Claire looked over at Charlie. \"Charles, surely she should read it and find out what her mother wants in the first place. Have you ever thought that she might actually want to make things right again? No matter what she did in the past\" Sophie rested her head against Claire's shoulder. \"I was scared of her when I was just a little girl\" \"I know Sweetie\" Claire whispered. \"But just read the letter please, then we will move on from there\". \"She should move on all together Gran\" Charlie snapped. \"Give me the letter Sophie. Look, I can throw it in the fire and let it burn. That way we can just move on and forget all about it\" \"No Charlie you know thats not the right answer. If she doesn't get a reply to this letter, she is just going to keep sending letters\" Sophie said, her brave face failing her as tears welled. \"What's wrong with you, five minutes ago you wanted me to open it\" \"We can just keep burning the letters\" Charlie said, getting annoyed. \"Charlie, you're wrong\" Claire said. \"You said that you wanted to help Sophie, but look what you are doing\" Sophie looked up at him, tears falling down her cheeks. \"You're making it worse\" She wept. \"So much for everything is going to be alright\" \"Sophie, my sweetheart, I'm sorry. It's just that letter could...\" \"Leave it Charlie\" She cried standing up and turning away from him. \"Just leave it\" With that, Sophie ran from the room, running up the stairs towards her room. Charlie went to follow but Claire grabbed his arm. \"I really don't think she would want to see you right now. I really don't want to know what you were thinking. Now, you stay here and I'll go and sort out your crying girlfriend\" Claire walked out of the room and followed Sophie's hurried footsteps up the stairs, leaving Charlie in his own company. He knew that Sophie had taken the letter with her, and had this horrid feeling that she was going to open it in this state he had placed her into. He couldn't work out what was going through her mind. It was clear that there was pain there in her, and confusion. He was wandering if she wanted it to be good news and she wanted to be reunited. No matter what, he just wanted to hold her close and never let her go. He wanted, no, needed to protect her. Sophie lay on her bed in her and Charlie's bedroom, the letter held firmly in her hand. Her feelings felt like a sickly bubbling potion in the pit of her stomach and tears flooded down her cheeks. Even though she was terrified of what she might find on that letter, she wanted to know what her mother had to say. Karen had been the monster of her childhood, controlling and rude, but maybe there had been a change. \"Sophie, my darling\" Claire said coming in and sitting on the edge of the bed. \"Come on dear. It's okay if you don't want to talk but will you please listen to me\" Sophie looked up at her and wiped her eyes, nodding. \"That's my girl\" Claire smiled moving to sit close beside Sophie, giving the young women a warm sense of love and comfort. Sophie gave a small watery smile and rested her head on Claire's lap, relaxing as the grandmother began to run her hands through Sophie's hair. The simple gesture had always been comforting to her. \"Now Sophie, I can only apologize for my grandson's behavior\" Claire said. \"He's worried for you. And I am too, my darling. And I think that you've got a little battle going on in this pretty little head of yours. You don't quite know what to think do you?\" \"She was horrible to me\" Sophie whispered, feeling as if the words were hot smoke pouring out of her. \"But people change. Maybe even monsters change\" Claire raised an eyebrow, wanting to know why Sophie referred to her mother as a monster but she couldn't push the girl to tell her. \" Charlie only wants you to be happy, and he thinks that this letter is going to hurt you, and make you cry. He didn't want to make you cry, but he did and he is an idiot for it. Now he's a relative so I'm not going to sugar coat calling him an idiot. He's scared for you, and he wants to protect you\" \"I don't need his protection\" Sophie said sharply sitting up. \"I came for comfort not protection Claire. I know it's going to hurt me and yes I am scared, but I don't need his big-headed over-protectiveness, thank you very much\" Read and review please :-)[Chapter 5] I am sorry for taking so long to update this. I have been really struggling with writers block as well as being extremely busy. Well on with the story Will the letter finally be revealed? Claire had never seen so many emotions twisted and locked together in one pair of eyes. When she really thought about it, she found that this was the first time she had properly looked into Sophie's eyes. On this occasion, her face was still and lacking any emotion. It was those eyes that held everything. Those amazing big blue eyes were full of pain, hurt, confusion and sadness, all mixed together. The emotions were fighting each other, causing sparks, and those sparks were falling. They were falling as tears. \"Now Sophie\" Claire said. \"I know that you don't mean all of that. And I think that you need a male's point of view\" \"I don't want to talk to him\" Sophie said. \"And I don't care if I sound that a spoiled little kid when I say it. I don't want to speak to Charlie\" \"I didn't say you had to talk to Charlie now did I?\" Claire smiled stroking her cheeks lovingly. \"Lorenzo has been talking to him, and I believe that he will be able to give you Charlie's point of view. Now, come with me\" Sophie sighed and nodded standing up with her. Claire led her outside to Lorenzo and sat her down. \"Lorenzo honey\" She said kissing his cheek. \"Please tell our dear Sophie here what Charlie said to you\" Lorenzo nodded and patted Sophie's hand. \"Sweet girl, Charlie worships the ground you walk on\" He smiled. \"He doesn't want to see you hurt\" \"I know\" Sophie replied leaning back in her chair. \"But that doesn't mean that he should be over protective\" \"Indeed it doesn't\" He said. \"But if it were him, would you want to do anything in your power to prevent him from being hurt?\" Sophie bit down on her lip. \"Of course I would, I love him\" \"Then I believe that you are now seeing his point\" Lorenzo smiled. \"Why don't you go and talk to him innamorato?\" Sophie nodded and stood up rushing up to his bedroom. \"Charlie? Are you in here?\" \"Yes darling\" He said opening the door. \"I am sorry Sophie\" \"I know you are Charlie\" Sophie said going in and sitting on the bed. \"I love you and I thank you for wanting to protect me but I want you to understand that I am not a little girl and I know that I am going to get hurt one way or another. You can't protect me from all of this Charlie, just comfort me when it happens\" Charlie sighed and sat beside her, looking down. \"I love you more than anything. I hope you know that. I apologise for over doing things\" He said running his hand up and down her arm. \"I'll protect you and comfort you for all I am worth\" Sophie smiled sweetly turning to him and lacing her arms around his neck. \"Of course you will\" She smiled kissing him softly. \"I am lucky to have you, I really am\" \"Nonsense\" He said. \"I am the lucky one. I am a arrogant, big headed cocky Londoner and you are a beautiful intelligent women who I cannot lose an argument with because she is far too clever for me\" Sophie laughed, resting her head against his shoulder. She kissed the soft skin on his neck and reached into her pocket, pulling out the crumbled up letter. Her smile faded but she still looked up into his pale blue eyes. \"I guess I better open this\" She said. \"Will you open it Charlie? Please?\" Charlie sighed and nodded, gently taking the letter from her hand. He ripped the envelope slowly and carefully along the top and pulled out the folded paper. He looked up at his precious Sophie before unfolding the paper and allowing his eyes to fall open the words. With a gulp, he began to read aloud the contents. Sophie Hall Apartment 22 Lenten House West 22nd street Manhattan New York City Dear Sophie Hall, A writer? A writer? I told you not to be a writer. And as always you disobey me. Are you as rude and awful to your boss at that stupid New Yorker as you were to me? You could be leading some great law business now, married to an amazing courtroom man with a grand house on the Oxford Lane estate. But no, you decide to be a writer, living in an apartment with some rotten bloke with a passion for cooking. I cannot hide my disgust Sophie. I see that my parenting techniques did not lead you in the right direction. I blame your horrid father for patching you up the wrong way. I should have been more like me. Squash the rat whilst it's down to keep it down. That is what I say. It is obvious that you were not black and blue enough. I obviously left some areas untouched. This will have to be sorted. It may have been eleven and half years but I still have control With all my disgust Karen Parsons.[Chapter 6] Charlie bit down upon his lip, turning slighting to look at his beautiful girl. She was looking down, her hair falling forwards and hiding her face. Sophie pulled her legs up, curling up to him and wrapping her arms around him. Her petite frame began to tremor as she started to cry. He wasn't sure if he could understand this letter. It was obvious that Sophie's mother had not been a pleasant woman in the slightest and had held a firm hold of control in Sophie's childhood. But, he knew that the words upon the page of the letter held more secrets then he could easily see. Charlie wrapped his arms around her, rubbing her back and kissing her head. \"Shh shh my sweetheart. Please Sophie, come on now.\" He whispered, rubbing his cheek gently against the soft curls of her golden hair. \"She was a monster!\" Sophie cried. \"And she still is\" He nodded and pulled back slightly, making her look up at him. He cupped her beautiful face in his hands and wiped the hot tears away with his thumbs. \"I need you to explain this to me\" He said. \"Why didn't she want you to be a writer? Your writing is amazing, couldn't she see that?\" \"She...\" Sophie wept, her breaths coming out rapidly like that of a fire breathing dragon. \"She was a lawyer. And she thought that journalism was for the brain dead. She... She controlled everything about my life, since the moment I was born\" Charlie nodded stroking her hair. \"It was all going to be alright. I won't allow her back into your life, she won't control you anymore. I promise\" He said, pulling her close so her body rested against his chest. \"Come on now sweet girl, calm down please. I hate to see you crying like this\". To him, every tear drop felt as if it was pulling a piece of his heart away. He held onto her tightly, as if trying to hold her shaken world together in his arms. She nodded, her big blue eyes swimming in a salty sea of tears, each drop holding a memory. A memory that she wished she could forget. ... Once Sophie had fallen asleep, Charlie laid her down and put the covers around her. \"Sleep well my darling, don't you worry\" He whispered before leaving the room. \"Nana\" He said walking into the family room where Claire sat with Lorenzo. \"We opened it... And it's awful\" Claire carefully took the crumbled sheet of paper from her grandson's hand, leaning back into the couch as she began to read. Certain lines stuck into her mind like sharp needles, stinging and sending shivers down her spine. ' I blame your horrid father for patching you up the wrong way. I should have been more like me. Squash the rat whilst it's down to keep it down.' ' It is obvious that you were not black and blue enough. I obviously left some areas untouched' \"Oh my goodness\" Claire said, bringing her hand up to cover her mouth. \"No wonder the poor girl was afraid to open the letter. These words are like venom, striking out to sting and attack Sophie\" Charlie nodded. \"Nana\" He said. \"What can we do? Sophie... She's wonderful. How could anyone talk like this about her? Let alone her own mother?\" Claire sat forward, laying the letter on the table and moving back to stroke Charlie's cheek. \"Dear Boy, we may know that Sophie is wonderful and beautiful and perfect, but that is in our eyes. Not everyone see anyone is same way. From the words upon that page, we can see that Sophie's mother wasn't a pleasant woman in any sense of the word. She may have damaged Sophie's childhood in both a mental and physical sense.\" Charlie nodded. \"Her mother wants back into her life Nana. We can't allow that. She wants to stop Sophie from writing, stopping her dream. She wants and craves control\" Claire bit her lip. \"We will give her all the love and the comfort that she obviously did not receive from her mother. That way we can protect her whilst still allowing her to find a way of handling this herself. Where is Sophie now?\" \"She is sleeping Nana\" Charlie said \"I held her until she cried herself to sleep\" \"The poor girl\" Claire said, leaning back and resting her head on Lorenzo's shoulder. He sat reading the letter carefully, picking out every word to find the truth behind the writing. He sighed, shaking his head. \"Awful, just terrible\" He said. \"Yes\" Charlie sighed. \"If only I knew what Sophie's mother did to her\" Lorenzo patted his shoulder. \"I believe it is clear that Sophie's mother has hidden what she did to her little girl in these very words. There are many clues\" He said. Charlie's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. \"What do you mean?\" He asked. \"Like those words are some sort of code?\" \"In a sense, yes, you could say that\" Lorenzo sighed. \"Look at this\". Charlie moved to sit beside Lorenzo as the older man pointed out lines of the letter. ' I blame your horrid father for patching you up the wrong way. I should have been more like me. Squash the rat whilst it's down to keep it down.' \"Sophie's father is the one who raised her completely alone after her mother left, right?\" Lorenzo said. \"This is saying that her mother and father did not get along. They had different parenting believes, different senses of love for their daughter?\" Charlie nodded. \"Squash the rat whilst it's down to keep it down\" He said. \"That's saying that when her mother did one thing, her father would come in and stop it, making it better for Sophie\" \"It would explain why they split up and why Sophie is so close to her father\" Charlie said. ' It is obvious that you were not black and blue enough. I obviously left some areas untouched' \"Yes\" Lorenzo replied. \"And look. Not black and blue enough. Areas untouched?\" Claire gasped, the all too painful message hitting her hard. \"Black and blue. To be beaten black and blue\" Lorenzo said, in shock. \"Sophie's mother used to abuse her, beat her\"[Chapter 7] Hey everyone. Sorry for the amount of time that it has taken me to update. Exam period has just started and a busy couple of months are coming up. As for this chapter, there will be a flashback written in italics. Please read and review Charlie gasped and closed his eyes tight for a brief moment, as if trying to block any images of bruises and cuts covering his girl's beautiful porcelain face from coming into his subconscious. He could feel that cold hard lump forming in his throat and he felt sick to the pit of his stomach. He knew that Sophie's childhood had been bad, but he could have never imagined that it could have been that sort of nightmare where the monster never left her, even when it had vanished out of view. \"Oh Nana\" He breathed. Claire wiped a tear from her eye and leaned forward to run her fingers through Charlie's hair. \"Come on Charlie, you have to stay strong for her. I know that she is a strong and independent young woman but this is her weakness and you need to be her strength\" Charlie nodded and stood up. \"I'll…I'll come up with something in order to protect her Nan. I will do anything it takes. Right now, I need to be with her\". He took a deep breath and rubbed his teary eyes before striding out of the room. He entered the bedroom to the sight of Sophie sleeping soundly, buried under the comforting softness of the quilt. She looked so peaceful, as if nothing was worrying her, but of course, she had the fear, worries and nerves piled on top of her, chipping away at the wall of strength and hope she had constructed around her since she was nine years old. He sighed, carefully moving the blankets to lie beside her. He pulled her close, enveloping her tightly in his arms, and kissed her head. He laid for what felt like hours, watching her sleep, her head moving to rest on his chest. As Charlie held her, he felt her stir. \"Sophie\" He whispered, brushing his hand across her cheek. \"Hello baby\" Her blue eyes fluttered open and she blinked quickly to adjust to the light and capture her focus against his face. \"Hello\" She said, a blank emotionless expression on her face. He let a sigh cross his lips. \"Lorenzo thinks he has it worked out\" He said. \"I need you to tell me the truth Sophie. Now more hiding. Did your mother abuse you? Did she hit you?\" Sophie immediately choked up, her vision blurring with tears. She stayed rigid and motionless for a few seconds, before nodding. \"Yes\" \" No. I don't want too\". The tearful whine crossed the lips of the six year old little girl in a pitiful attempt to appear brave and strong. She stood in the kitchen of a large New York house, the light gleaming back off of the bright white cabinets making her squint. She wore a perfectly presented little red dress, topped with a white cardigan and her long never cut blonde hair was tied back in two perfectly straight plaits that stretched down her back. Yet, her face wasn't perfect. Her lip was cut, her eyelid grazed and her cheek red. She looked up at her mother. Her mother towered over her, her black clothing contrasting against her bleached blonde hair. \"What did you say? Now, listen to me you little runt. \"You are going to finish cleaning this kitchen until it shines like the diamonds I wear. Then you will do the usual, slap on a smile for daddy when he gets home. Then he will suspect nothing. Do you hear me?\" She snapped holding Sophie by the shoulders. Sophie blinked away tears. This was an everyday occurrence. Sophie's father would leave for work before she was awake, then her mother would wake her minutes later for breakfast of dry toast and milk. If she didn't clean her room, or weed the garden or complete her homework the moment she returned home from school, the beatings would start. A slap here and a claw grab there, it had reached a point that Sophie was used to it, but that did not stop it from hurting. About half an hour before her father returned home, her mother would cover her daughters face in make up so thick that it wouldn't rub off until the next morning. She nodded. \"Yes mommy, I'll clean it mommy\" She whimpered. \"Please let go…\" \" Gladly\" She scoffed, pushing the small girl to the floor. \"I do not know what ever made me want children. You are a rotten little girl, who does not deserve to walk this Earth. You want to be a writer, you say, a dream that matches your brain dead little mind! Now get to work!\" Sophie wiped her eyes with balled up fists. \"Yes mommy\" She whispered grabbing the sponge and climbing onto the stool. \"Whatever you say, mommy\". She scrubbed the counters until she could see her reflection in it. She could still every cut and bruise and the tears that run down her face. She was programmed, each hit acting as a button to get her to carry out the work that her mother could not be bothered to do. She did not have a child out of love. She did not want a child to love and care for, to see grow up into a success. No, she wanted a child to do all of the work. Karen watched Sophie carefully, smirking. \"That's it, work for your supper runt. You're like Cinderella, your precious princess. But this is forever, no happily ever after\" \" Be quiet mommy\" Sophie cried. \"No talking whilst working, that's what you said\" \" I meant you!\" She snapped. \"I can talk when I want. A child, like you, should be seen and not heard. And daddy will never found out, he is as brain dead as you are. Mommy loves you, a little slave, just what I have always wanted….\" Well there it was. Wow, Sophie's mother really was a monster wasn't she? Please review. Your comments keep me writing.[Chapter 8] Right, first things first, I need to get down on my knees and apologise for how long it has been since I updated this. I didn't realise it had been this long. I kept thinking how it's only been a few months, it is okay, and I can do this. But my motivation was gone. I hope that this story still has the followers that it did before; they mean a lot to me. I hope you enjoy this, I must call it filler, bringing in more of the relationship between Sophie and Charlie before the drama kicks in. Time passed with little being said about the letter, Sophie's mother and her past as an abused child. She was thankful for this, to be honest. It had given her a chance to build herself normality with Charlie. She knew that Charlie was still protective of her and had plans to keep her safe no matter what no matter what it took. She had caught him ringing friends in New York to make sure that no more letters had arrived and checking that her mother had never made effort in any other way of contacting her. It had made her laugh, how determined he was to make sure she was safe. She had told herself that her mother could not find her here in Italy, and when they returned to New York as a couple, she would be safe with Charlie. She wasn't scared when she was with him. Charlie could not put into words how much Sophie meant to him, how much he would put on the line to keep her safe. He had spent hours researching various restraining orders and court policies that he could have put into place if ever Sophie's mother tried to come near her. He wouldn't let any harm come to her, for he could not bear to think about losing her. If her mother had been a monstrous control freak when her daughter was a defenceless little girl, why would she be any different now? He was not going to take any risks. He did not bring the subject up at all …. Sophie sighed signing off of her emails and shutting down the laptop before leaning back in her seat. It was just her luck, just her rotten luck, that at the moment when she felt she was finally putting the letter behind her and trying not to think about her past, Bobby would write with a new assignment. A special double page spread, for mother's day. Of course, she had said she would do it as he didn't know about her past, no one did other than Charlie, Claire and Lorenzo and of course her father. And double page spreads did not come up often, especially for someone who had only just become a writer. With a deep breath, she run her hand over her hair and turned when she heard someone speak behind her. \"Are you alright darling?\" Charlie asked softly walking to her. \"You seem tense\". He had been standing there for a while now, watching her deep within her thoughts as she sorted out her work. He was proud of her, without a doubt, for working so hard to get where she wanted to be. \"Yes Charlie, I'm fine, just a little agitated\" Sophie said smiling as she felt his warm hands on her shoulders, rubbing her skin gently \"Why? Work getting busy\" He asked leaning down and kiss her cheek as he knelt down to face her better. \"Bobby wants me to write this article, and I said I would. But it's hard because it's a special entry for mother's day\" Sophie sighed looking at him. \"A mother's day article, oh Sophie\" Charlie sighed brushing a strand of her hair behind her ear. \"And he doesn't know?\" \"No one knows, except you, Claire, Lorenzo and obviously my father\" Sophie replied \"I have to do it anyway, it's a double page spread and they don't come often. I'll do it and put everything aside. It's what I have been doing for years\" With a gentle nod, Charlie stood and drew her up to stand bringing her into his arms. She wrapped her arms around his torso, resting her head on his shoulder as he held her. \"I will try and help you all that I can baby, and you know that you can tell me anything don't you?\" \"Of course I do Charlie\" Sophie nodded leaning back to look him in the eye. \"I also know that you will anything to protect me\" \"You know that is true, you're my girl, I love you\" Charlie smiled giving her a chaste kiss \"Everything is going to be alright. You will write this story and it will be incredible, because everything you write is, and if your mother attempts to contact you again or God forbid, she tries to come near you, there will be trouble ahead for her.\" Sophie nodded. \"I know, you think you've been secretive but I know you have been looking up court policies and orders. I appreciate it Charlie, really I do, but we have got to work through this whole wild mess one step at a time. She might not try to get in contact again and to be completely honest that is the option I am hoping for\" \"Me too\" Charlie nodded kissing her forehead. \"We will go home to New York, and it will be perfect. If you had asked be months ago if I would be excited at the idea of living in the big city of New York, I probably would have called you crazy but know I must admit it will be amazing\" Sophie smiled brightly \"Have I broken the great Charlie Wyman? Have I made him want to leave his precious London?\" Charlie laughed pulling her up into his arms \"I believe so darling\" He smiled kissing her \"You can work wonders\" \"Though before I thought I could only do it with words\" Sophie smiled \"That as well, but you can break me just by looking at me\" Charlie replied. …. Charlie awoke in the early hours of one morning to the sound of tapping laptop keys. They had been in New York for a week now and Sophie was stuck in the writer's mind-set that made her want to make her story perfect. She would write for hours, typing a paragraph and then deleting it. Every sentence became linked to a memory of her past, whether it was a memory of a day she spent with her mother hiding and hoping that she would make it through the day without acquiring new bruise or one of the happy memories that she clung too. A memory of a day she spent with her grandmother. Those memories of course linked to the memories of the days she spent wishing her grandmother was still with her. \"Sophie, it's 3 am\" Charlie said as he walked to the office in the next room along from the bedroom. \"The story can wait until the sun comes up, come to bed darling\" \"Charlie this story needs to be finished and it needs to be good\" Sophie sighed looking up at him. \"It needs to be perfect\". She was exhausted, but she wanted this story to be the best she had done, it was her first double page spread and if it was not good enough she knew that she would be in trouble with Bobby. And as she always said, she was a perfectionist. \"It will be perfect, but you can make it perfect in daylight hours\" Charlie said \"After all, you won't be able to write to the absolute best of your ability when you are tired\" Sophie nodded. \"I guess you're right\" \"I tend to be\" Charlie smiled taking her hand as she stood, the comment making her roll her eyes. He led her back to the bedroom, laying down beside her and brushing hair out of her eyes. \"It really does have to be perfect Charlie, but it's hard\" Sophie sighed He nodded \"I know baby, I wish I could help in some way\" \"I know you do\" Sophie replied cuddling up to him. \"But I can do it; I just need to keep working\" \"Well work tomorrow when you are rested, it will be better that way\" Charlie said wrapping his arms around her and keeping her close. I know that this is short but I just wanted to get an update up here, its been far too long ","Summary":" Sophie sat at her desk in her small single room apartment and she had never felt more alone. The sk"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Not a Sacrifice","Author":"Mrs.Future","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10171817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Purge: Secret Chapter 1 \"This Purge is predicted to be the most successful Purge yet.\" I announced to everyone in the car. \"I'm eradicating as many of those those low lives as I possibly can tonight.\" \"Yes, I heard that news as well. I don't think twelve hours is enough,\" My best friend Tyler sat behind me as I drove up the street to our shared condo. His girl Tessa sat close next to him and he kept a protective arm around her. Tessa was in her third trimester at seven months pregnant. Tyler immediately proposed to her the night after she told him the news. He was so happy and I hate to say that his love for her has grown each day since then... huh, that bastard. \"Oh Cam,is that Mrs. Cray ...over there,walking her dog?\" Cassie asked me from the passenger seat. She had a finger pressed on the glass of the car in a childlike manner, as she pointed to the elderly woman. No shit, I thought to myself.. Honestly Cassie you've met and seen that old bag how many times...why do you have to ask such an obvious question, when she's the only person you'll meet in your life that wears the same floral gown 24/7 . \"Yeah, that's her.\" Tyler replied patting my shoulder from behind. He knew I didn't want to be with Cassie anymore. She was a fun ride for a while, but I've grown bored of her. We've been together for three years now, but a few months ago things changed...she changed. And I didn't want her anymore. \"You want to be polite, and-\"Cassie started but I cut her off before she could finish. \"No...I do not feel like being social. I want to get back home as soon as possible and prepare for tonight.\" \"Do you guys know where you're going to hunt tonight?\" Tessa asked. Her voice was so angelic to listen to. She's possibly the only woman in the world that could make pregnancy look good. She was stunning...glowing with radiant beauty. \"Downtown.\" I answered. \"Yep, its only a twenty minute walk. Ten if we run, so I'll be close by if anything happens.\" Tyler reassured. We had driven up the driveway by now and reached the garage. We live in a wealthy part of town. In the upscale condos that overlooked the city. We each were born into wealth and maintain high paying jobs that has allowed us to live this fortunate life. We, on this day only, are the Hunters of this country. Given the right, to hail our duties as Americans and annihilate the 'Low-Life Leeches' in our country. These people were nothing more than mere animals wearing skins of humans...pigs, that did nothing to uphold and help our county's prosper. They don't deserve to live here in this great country..they don't deserve to live at all! \"I'll stay with you Tess through the Purge..We'll be fine.\" Cassie rubbed Tessa's arm and it sickened me to my core to witness this act of affection. Cassie touching someone as valuable as Tessa. Cassie came from a different family when it comes to riches. I however, did not know until a few months ago, after years of dating. But she told me her secret...the secret her family has been hiding from everyone for a year. You shouldn't have told me your secret Cassie... you should have left me alone in my blissful ignorance...for the moment you told me the truth...was the moment I stopped loving you.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Sound the Alarm \"Why don't you end your relationship with Cassie?\" Tyler asked me as he entered the kitchen. The ladies were in the living room, unaware of our conversation. \"No, simply breaking up with her,would not be enough.\" For her to continue living would be an abomination of what our New Four Fathers worked for. \"What do you mean, 'not enough?'\" \"What are your thoughts about me hunting her?\" \"Hunting one of us?\" His eyebrows rose and his voice was thick with disapproval. \"I consider that murder...however on a night expected to break record numbers, it's a glorious sacrifice.\" He had a crooked smile on his face. \"Let's pre-game, for tonight.\" I said pulling out a bottle of vodka. We indulged in a few rounds of straight shots until Tessa and Cassie entered the room. \"Looks like you've already started.\" Cassie said as she took a spot close to my side. I realized over the course of six months that she had gain extra pounds. Making her physically unattractive…. disgusting. I ignored her comment and took another shot. \"Don't get too intoxicated,\" Tessa smiled.\"I hear this night will be one to remember.\" She rubbed her stomach and looked up at me. I felt a wave of warmth wash over me as our eyes met, I knew the hidden message she was sending me. \"Yes, it will be.\" I smiled at Tessa, before turning my head away to glare hard into Cassie's skull. \"C-can I talk to you...alone?\" Cassie asked me in a small voice. \"Fine.\" I took one last shot, before glancing at the clock. \"But make it fast...its almost time.\" I pointed to the clock that read a quarter to seven. I followed her into the living room. She took a seat on the sofa and waited for me to take a seat before speaking. But i didn't feel like sitting. I wanted to head into garage and load up my rifle, and grab my machette, just in case i felt like getting handsy on my prey. \"I'm sorry I didn't tell you about my family from the beginning…\" She finally spoke when she noticed i wasn't going to join her on the couch. \"Is that it?\" I asked coldly. \"Uh..\" She seemed shocked by my unsympathetic response. I watched as her face grew red, and her hands began to shake with emotions,but i didn't care...I left the room before the tears rolled out and made my way to the garage, checking my watch i noticed that there was only five minutes until commencement. \"I think she knows you're planning on hunting her.\" Tyler spoke as he entered the garage and grabbed two pistols. \"Oh well.\" I loaded my automatic while Tyler strapped a a small hunting knife to his left leg. \"Though my advice doesn't matter, I propose that you should go Downtown, before Hunting her.\" \"And why should I do that?\" I asked. \"Release some of that built up frustration...maybe that will help clear your mind. Because I don't think you really want to hunt her tonight.\" He loaded his duel pistols, tucking one in the back of his pants. \"You don't know what I know about her...so you have no right to speak on this matter.\" I was getting angry at the thought of sparing her. No this was going to be a successful Purge, I glanced up at my best friend. He had his back to me as he packed a few boxes of ammunition into backpack. I lifted my rifle up to his head. \"Tessa deserves better than you…\" I whispered as I raised the gun to eye level. He was a conceited muscle head that could never love another more than he loves himself... and now a baby was involved. I imagined pulling the trigger, and blowing his brains out right now... \"What did you say.\" He turned his head to the side and I lowered my gun before he was able to fully turn around. *Alarm sounds* \"It's time to Hunt those low level Pigs!\" Tyler yelled enthusiastically as he cocked his gun. \"Yes, I agree...and, now that I think about it...I think starting Downtown is a brilliant idea.\" \"Great! But if you still want hunt Cassie,\" He whispered, \"Then I won't stand in your way. You've been my best friend since diapers...I know you. And I know that you would never make a hasty decision without a good reason and thinking about the issue thoroughly.\" I could tell he was feeling the effects of the alcohol. He always went lovey-dovey about our friendship whenever he started drinking...if only he knew the feelings were not mutual. \"Yeah, just be careful when we go Downtown...we may be well equipped, But you never know...uh, Don't worry though, I got your back if anything happens.\" I smiled.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Best Friends \"Please...don't do this…\" The unknown homeless woman begged as I stood over her with my machette. \"Actually, I'm afraid I do...you see, you are what I would like to call a Leech. You live here, in this beautiful country and suck us dry . You don't work! You don't pay Taxes! You can't even afford food, so you STEAL! You are nothing but a waste to our society...and so now, you must die, so we can flourish.\" I raised the machette high above my head. \"Wait-, I don't want to die!\" \"And I don't want to kill, but your death makes my country a better place.\" I crashed the blade down, but she moved out of the way. Causing it to miss her head and hit her shoulder. She cried out in pain and started screaming as blood gushed out the open wound. \"This, would have been over if you allowed me to hit your skull,as planned...but now your dragging this out and prolonging what should have been instant.\" I turned the blade to the side and began to hack at her. She put up her hands in defense and i cut through them. She was putting up a fight and I loved it… Her screaming finally stopped..I looked down at my bloody hands, then at her lifeless eyes. \"Thank you for your sacrifice.\" I looked over, just in time to see Tyler empty two shots from his pistol into a homeless guy's face. \"Ha, well she certainly put up a fight...we've been out for a while.\" Tyler said looking down at his watch. \"We have about an hour left.\" \"Alright,\" I answered wiping off the blade in the woman's shirt. \"Do you still want to hunt Cassie?\" \"Yes, I do…\" \"That's fine by me… but can you tell me why?\" He asked curiously. \"She seems like a genuinely kind person but you keep saying that you know something about her...something so bad that you feel the need to hunt her.\" \"I guess I can tell you… she's bankrupted. She filed for it earlier this year, but her tragedy doesn't end there. Her fortune isn't from hard work, or having a good job...THAT BITCH WON THE LOTTERY! She was homeless, college dropout, her parents live downtown… as a matter of fact… I just sacrificed her mother, and you just sacrificed her father.\" He seemed shocked to hear her truth… I was shocked to find out that she hired actors to replace her parents. She was ashamed of her past, and wanted to hide the fact that she's from quick money...but that money ran out earlier this year. She confided in me, telling me her truth thinking that I would stay with her and help her. But most importantly, allow her to move in with me and use my resource. Her mistake. I loathe Leeches more than anything in this world...and she knew this. She trusted that I loved her more than her financial status. But i don't...though she can rest assure, she will not be the only loved one I lose tonight. I swung my rifle around from my back and raised it up, pointing it at Tyler's leg and firing. \"Ah!\" He screamed out in pain, falling to the ground and dropping his two pistols. \"What are you doing, Cam?\" I walked over to him and kicked the duel guns away from him. \"Tessa, deserves better than you. Your family company is crumbling over other competitors, in a few years you will be forced to file bankruptcy and become a Leech on welfare to provide for your family. But Tessa doesn't need that...She needs a man who can provide for her and her child,willing to do anything for her. And you know what….she agrees.\" His eyes widened but he shook his head, trying to deny the truth. \"No, your wrong, she loves me… we're going to get married and have a family, and my family's business may be negative now but it will change soon and pick back up.\" \"No your wrong...I've been tracking your family's financial records for months now….and your all pretty much fucked come two years.\" I bent down close to my friend to look him straight in the eyes. \"Didn't you ever wonder why Tessa wanted to wait until after the baby arrives to marry you? That's because she wanted to wait until after this years annual Purge...She wanted you out of the picture so the real father of her child can take his place as husband.\" I didn't wait for him to talk, before I shot him in the chest with the rifle. The shot exploded within in him causing blood to splatter all over me. It was an instant kill, but I had to let him know the truth before I did it. So his spirit can rest in peace knowing that Tessa and the baby will be alright. Why? Haha, because he's my best friend… \"Thank You for your sacrifice,my friend\" I stood above the bloody corpse looking down with a smile.\"Now time to set things right at home...and kill the Leech that dares to wear the skin of man.\" I told myself as i ran up the street, out of Downtown, and towards the Condos.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Murder I could hear Tessa screaming as i raced up the driveway. After busting down the front door, I followed the cries to the kitchen. Where i saw Cassie standing behind Tessa with a kitchen knife to her throat. \"Cassie! What the hell are you doing?\" I yelled as I clutched my rifle. \"Drop your weapon, I want to talk to you.\" She spoke in a calm voice. \"Let Tessa go, she didn't-\" \"I said to drop your weapon.\" She said as she calmly pressed the blade against Tessa's neck, she winced in pain as a thin line of blood trickled down her neck. \"Please just do it, Cam\" Tessa begged, \"Please….\" I could see the fear in her face, and I didn't want anything to happen to her so I obeyed the the orders. \"Good, boy.\" Cassie spoke, her voice seemed detached and emotionless. \"Now place your machette on the ground, and kick them both to me.\" \"No!\" I shouted, and she quickly removed the blade from Tessa's neck, only to slash her arm. \"Ah\" Tessa cried out in pain. \"Fine!\" After both weapons were placed on the floor and kicked towards her. She picked up the rifle and removed the ammo from it. While she was distracted, Tessa used the opportunity to try to run away from her. But Cassie that too quick, she grabbed Tessa by the hair and threw her backwards to the ground. \"Jesus Christ, Cassie!...she's fuckin' pregnant.\" I yelled. Tessa began to sob on the floor laying on her back. \"You think I'm stupid, don't you?\" She asked as she slowly stepped closer to Tessa. \"No... just leave Tessa alone.\" I demanded. \"She's not the one you truly want to hunt tonight.\" \"Oh, but she is...you see, cause I know your secret.\" She smiled, \"I know that you are the real father of her unborn child.\" \"Uh, how did you know that?\" \"I'm going to kill you tonight.\" She said, ignoring my question as she shot me in the stomach with a pistol, I assume she had tucked behind her. The sudden pain that ripped through me was unbelievable. My knees buckled and i collapsed to the floor, clutching my stomach. \"But don't worry. I won't allow you to die without seeing your baby.\" She said kneeling down beside Tessa. Tightening her grip on the knife, she began to cut open Tessa's stomach . The blood curdling scream that exploded in the house was deafening. I desperately tried to get up,and help Tessa but every time I tried to stand, my body crippled over in pain. \"AHHH!\" \"You should either die by loss of blood,\" Cassie spoke low to Tessa as she continued to rip into her flesh, \" Or pass out by shock….which ever happens first will be a blessing, long as you stop screaming.\" Blood gushed out of the wound as,Cassie cut deeper into Tessa's stomach forming a \"T\" across her abdomen. Tessa attempted to fight her off, but began to choke and gargle on her own blood, having been on her back. I watched as her eyes rolled back into her head. \"Did you want a boy or girl, Cam?\" Cassie asked as she pried open the skin. I've never seen so much blood in my life...it was frightening, watching the blood poured out of Tessa's body. I looked down at my own puddle of blood, that did not compare to the mass amount around the two women. \"The moment of truth.\" Cassie said as she turned around to face me with a tiny bloody corpse of a fetus, held tightly in her hands. \"It's a girl!\" She smiled. By now my body was growing numb and I no longer felt the burning pain from the gunshot. I looked up at her and smiled. The grin was so wide it hurt my cheeks, but i kept on smiling. Her eyes widened in shock from my expression. She took a few steps to close the distance we had until she stood towering above me. \"Why are you smiling?\" She asked as she cradled the fetus in her arms. \"This...tonight….\"I stopped to cough, and was surprised when warm red liquid rushed out of my mouth. \"Tonight…\" I continued, \"Will truly be the most successful purge… and...I am so honored I was able to be a sacrifice and be apart of such a glorious moment in our country's history.\" She suddenly threw the bloody corpse of the fetus hard on the floor. It's fragile body exploding under the force. But She didn't stop there… she lifted her leg high and began to stomp on the fetus until it was a mess of blood and gore. \"YOU STILL BELIEVE THIS NIGHT IS ABOUT 'SACRIFICE'...WHAT WE, AS AMERICANS DO ON THIS NIGHT IS NOT A SACRIFICE...IT'S MURDER ….COLD BLOODED MURDER, THAT OUR NEW FOUNDING FATHERS TRY TO JUSTIFY!\" She screamed inches away from my face. All of her composure was lost as she breathed hard and backed away from me. \" It's murder.\" The mutilation, was inspired from an anime named \"School Days\" Hope you enjoyed this short story! By: Lady ","Summary":" The Purge: Secret Chapter 1 \"This Purge is predicted to be the most successful Purge yet.\" I anno"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"Summer At The Lake, Again!","Author":"Maya Beebop","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2236603","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"How's it goin', Fuckface?\" Oz looked up with a smirk at Stifler, who stuck his tongue out, waggled it and grinned. \"Time for the tally; that extra-special time of year when we compare how many chicks we've boned. What've you got to say for yourself? You and choir-chick still going at it?\" Oz groaned good-naturedly and stood up from his seat on a bench near the Library Hall. \"Yeah, yeah. Joke all you want, Stifler. It still doesn't change the fact that I've got something with a girl you'll probably never have.\" \"I've got something you will absolutely never have. A pair of balls.\" The two laughed as they walked down to the parking lot. The blonde opened his car door and yelled to Oz, who was nearing his own vehicle. \"Hey, is Jim coming to the lake?\" \"Nah, he and Michelle are going to Band Camp together,\" Oz laughed. \"What a pussy. Pick me up at four-thirty, alright?\" \"Yeah. Me, Kevin and Finch will swing around with the truck then.\" Both got in and drove in separate directions, Stifler heading to his house and Oz driving to Kevin's, where they promptly loaded up the pickup with all their supplies and drove to get Finch. They picked the boy up with the regular greetings and headed to Stifler's. As they were driving, Oz turned to Kevin. \"So, who's the lucky fifth person to make up for Jim not being there?\" Kevin gave him a weird look and shook his head. \"Dude, that was your job. You said you knew a guy who'd wanna come along.\" \"Yeah, I said that. But we never asked him!\" \"Oh shit.\" Kevin moaned and held his forehead. \"We need a fifth income if we wanna be able to pay for it! What are we gonna do? Do you know anyone we can ask this late?\" Oz braked to a halt in front of Stifler's and honked the horn. \"We can always work double-shifts somewhere…but we'd have no time to party,' he commented disdainfully. Stifler came out of the house with a few bags and threw them into the back. He pulled himself into the bed and gave Finch the evil eye. \"Why the fuck we gotta bring this asshole?\" he demanded. \"Because we need his money and because he deserves to be here as much as you do. And speaking of money, do you know anyone who we could ask to come with us? We need someone to make up for Jim,\" Oz asked. As Stifler was shaking his head, they heard a scuffle from the main house and suddenly the front door was kicked open. The boys all turned to catch sight of a late-teenaged girl with long dirty-blonde hair pulled back into a messy ponytail, dressed in a rumpled black tank top and jeans. Her green eyes were blazing and her hands gripped an ugly brown bag, which she flung in a perfect arc across the lawn. The bag fell in a heap not two feet from the truck and she put her hands on her hips and snarled. \"You forgot some of your personals , dumbass. And the next time you look for lingerie to practice with, I'd thank you to not go through my underwear drawer, you fucking pervert!\" All mouths but Stifler's dropped open. \"Stif, who's that?\" Kevin asked cautiously. He sneered. \"My sister.\" \"Half-sister, you piece of shit. Don't even let them think I'm completely blood-related to you!\" she called across the yard. \"Half-sister?\" Oz asked of the blonde in the back. Stifler shrugged, disgustedly. \"My mom let the bitch move in with us during the school year. Her dad is moving to Europe and she doesn't wanna go.\" To Finch, who Stifler could see was about to inquire about his mother, he flipped the bird. \"Eat shit, Shitbreak.\" Kevin grinned. \"She doesn't happen to have plans for this summer, does she?\" Not thinking, Stifler folded his arms and rolled his eyes. \"Not if you don't count sitting around or whoring herself around town. Larissa is a closet lesbian; I just know it\" When he saw the looks in the guys' eyes, he shook his head. \" Oh no. You aren't even gonna think of asking-…\" \"Hey Larissa! You wanna come stay at the lake this summer?\" Kevin called out the rolled-down window. She eyed them suspiciously. \"I'm not gonna have to sleep anywhere near that dickhead, am I?\" she demanded. Oz laughed and shook his head. \"Nah, you get your own room.\" She smirked and turned on her heels. \"Give me five minutes to pack. So long as no one goes through my underwear, I'm game.\"[Chapter 2] Theynmade it to the lake without too much fighting. At one point theynstopped for McDonald's and when Larissa ordered a double baconncheeseburger, Stifler made an ugly comment about her weight andnLarissa punched him. Granted Stifler was wolfing down a Big Mac andna super-sized soda and fries, so he had no room to talk, but shenhadn't a single bit of fat on her. Pullingnup on the gravel, the boys all hopped out, grabbed their bags andnmade for their old rooms. When Kevin noticed Larissa had barelynpulled her stuff out of the pickup, he came back and escorted herninto the house. Her jaw dropped at the inside. \"Allnthis is ours for the summer?\" she raved. \"Yep.n Now let's go get you a room. I don't suggest Jim's old one;nthe bed's got a nasty squeak and I don't even wanna check to seenif they replaced the table and lamp…\" Shendidn't ask and he took her upstairs, where he bypassed the firstnfew rooms and started looking around, sort of confused. \"Somethingnwrong?\" she asked. \"Well,nno, not really. But I never really made the point of exploring anynfarther than our rooms. There's supposed to be another around herenbesides Jim's, but…\" \"Isnthis it?\" She opened a closet door and ended up getting buriednunder a pile of brown towels. With a gagging sound, she pulled themnoff and realized some were covered in white stains. \" Sick ,\"nwas all she said. Henchuckled a bit and then kept looking for the room. Finally henmanaged to find a door that didn't hide a booby trap or Stiflernsetting up his collection of porn. The door revealed a small roomnwith a spiral wooden staircase leading upwards into the attic. Henand Larissa went up; brushing away old cobwebs and forging a path tona large loft, outfitted with a Dutch four-poster bed, nightstand, andndresser with a full-length mirror tucked in a corner. \"Wellnthis is cozy,\" Kevin commented, looking around. Larissa shruggednand dumped her stuff on the bed, sending clouds of dust into the airnaround them. \"It reminds me of my room in the ski lodge,\" shencommented dryly. \"Well,nI'm gonna go back down and set my room up. See you out front in anhalf-hour so we can all go get dinner and look for jobs?\" he asked.n She nodded and Kevin descended the steps two at a time until he hitnthe floor and went to his room. He had unloaded only a few shirtsnand shorts when Oz appeared in his doorway. \"Sonwhat's it look like up there?\" Oz demanded with a grin. \"Didnyou guys…?\" \"Dude,nshe's Stifler's sister . Forgive me, but the only guy innthis house that's ever had relations with Stif's family isntwo rooms down,\" Kevin returned with a smirk. Oznlaughed and rolled his eyes. \"Yeah, yeah. Who knows? She is kinda hot…\" \"Andnwhat happened to Heather?\" \"Indidn't mean for me . I'm just sayin'…Vicki isn'tnexactly your life partner anymore. And there is some prime bootynupstairs unpacking her vast collection of novelty panties.\" \"Hownthe fuck would you know about her underwear?\" \"Stiflernwould use them on his pillow to practice with back in the day. nRemember?\" \"Ohnyeah…\"[Chapter 3] Theynall piled into the truck and made for town. As they ate hot dogs andnburgers, the crew milled around downtown, looking for jobs. Kevinnand Oz found a poster advertising painting jobs, but in memory ofnlast year's escapades, they kept quiet about it and kept looking. Meanwhile,nFinch and Larissa were checking \"Help Wanted\" signs in stores. Anhippie shop was advertising for night jobs, but they decided againstnit, as they wanted the nights to relax. Itnturned out that Stifler came through for all of them. He was busyntrying to pick up girls for their first party when he discovered anpamphlet asking for – of all things – bartenders. Specificallynthose who could host get-togethers and serve drinks. Hencame running back, clearly ecstatic. \"Don't you see? We couldnparty every night and get paid for it! It just doesn'tnget better than that!\" Thenguys looked over his shoulder. \"Yeah, I could see that,\" Ozncommented. \"And hell, we'd need at least two bartenders at onentime, plus maybe an on-foot server. So two of us could slack offnduring a shift.\" \"Wait,nwait,\" Kevin interrupted. \"It says here that the hired help mustnappear professional and experienced. We're fucked there.\" Larissanshrugged. \"Buy a couple of uniforms and read Mr. Boston's guide.n We can have this one nailed.\" \"She'sngot a point,\" Finch added. \"Let's apply before some othernjerks beat us to it.\" Theyndecided Finch, Kevin, and Larissa would go for the interview, seeingnas they came over as the most \"professional\". Not surprisingly,nthe five got the job. \"Arenyou willing to host multiple events over the summer?\" theirnmiddle-aged female interviewer asked. Her eyes twinkled behindnhalf-moon spectacles and she smiled a tiny bit. \"Oh,nof course!\" Kevin answered, grinning back. \"We're just besidenourselves with…excitement. We love throw-…I mean, hosting get-togethers.\" \"Insee. And what of the other two you claimed would be assisting? Arenthey as clean and good-natured as you three?\" Finchnsmirked. \"Oh, of course. I can honestly say our two other boysnare quite experienced in the field of drink preparation.\" Shenrubbed her hands with an air of finality. \"Well then, we have yournaddress, we'll call you for the first date. I can give you annapproximation and say in about a week from now, and it will be fornthe Lake Sanitation Department.\" Thenthree couldn't help but giggle at the initials of the name. \"Nonlaughing, there. I promise we are completely serious,\" the womannsaid with a grin. \"I didn't name it, after all.\" \"Yesnma'am,\" Finch said. \"We'll be ready.\"[Chapter 4] The next day, the boys tumbled down the stairs to see Larissa holding a vacuum, dusting clothes, Windex and a trash bag. Her hair was tied back in a red, frayed handkerchief, her hair was tied in braided pigtails and a little smirk played on her lips. \"C'mon, boys. This place probably has advanced civilizations evolving under the couches. I think I saw one move this morning.\" \"Move? Bullshit,\" Oz yawned. \"I bet by now they can communicate.\" Everyone grabbed a cleaning instrument while Stifler grabbed the keys. \"Where the fuck are you going, Stif?\" Kevin asked. \"We need booze, and I'm going to stock up, baby. Rule number one: you gotta put out a little bit before you nail the big one,\" he grinned. Kevin shook his head and kept sweeping. \"He would get the best job for himself.\" \"Don't forget the scotch!\" Finch yelled out the open window to the swiftly departing truck. But it wasn't so fast as to keep the driver from sticking his middle finger out the window. Larissa was coughing from the excessive dust and spider webs under the bar, where she was cleaning. She pulled open a cabinet and laid eyes on what looked like a very decorative glass bottle of golden-brown liquid. \"Score!\" she said, pulling it out and admiring the way it caught the morning light. It threw prisms of yellow and white over the mahogany counter, and the stopper made rainbows dance on the ceiling. The other three guys looked over. \"Wow. What's that?\" Oz asked. Larissa quirked an eyebrow at him and grinned. \"I say we wait till this place is cleaned up to find out. Sort of a victory dance.\" \"Aw, come on!\" Kevin said, exasperated. He reached for the bottle. \"I hate suspense, especially when it comes to liquor!\" She snatched it out of his reach and fought him off playfully. \"Not till the fat lady sings!\" she taunted. \"Well, I'm all ears,\" Finch commented, going back to wiping windows. \"Hide it from your relative, though. He doesn't believe in the sanctity of drinking.\" \"Don't I know it,\" she sighed, taking it upstairs. They suspected she hid it in her room somewhere, because she came back down with a blank face. Hours passed. \"Ugh,\" Oz groaned as he found yet another suspicious pile of garbage hidden in a corner. \"Does the family that actually owns this place ever come back? Because I think I recognize that used condom from last summer…\" \"You would, Oz,\" Kevin laughed as he pulled the dustsheets off the furniture and folded them. \"Speaking of used condoms, what happened to Stifler? He's been gone almost all day. It can't take that long to buy enough alcohol to stock our little bar.\" To answer his question, they heard the familiar screech of the truck outside; along with a crowd of voices they didn't recognize but knew meant trouble. The boys and girl came to the front door to see Stifler leading a pack of girls and a few guys inside, getting them to carry the booze he'd bought. \"No! No!\" the guys yelled, trying to keep the crowd out of the just-cleaned house. \"Just put the drinks down there and take the keg to the beach! You're not messing this place up!\" Stifler looked hurt for all of five seconds, then shrugged and told them to drop the stuff and follow him down to the water. Finch, Oz, Kevin and Larissa each picked up some alcohol and toted it inside, put it away, and went to change for the beach. \"Victory dance tonight?\" Finch whispered to Larissa as they made their way down. \"If you're talking about the 20-year-old scotch I found, I say we empty it out into an empty bottle and fill the one I found with beer,\" she muttered back with a smirk. \"Then have our own victory dance with the good stuff later.\" He raised his eyebrows in surprise. \"Sneaky little harlot,\" he chuckled. \"Amen to that, brother.\" They spilled out onto the sand and followed the laughs of the group Stifler had gotten together. On towels and blankets lay scantily clad girls and guys in trunks. Larissa clashed with the thong-favoring female style; she was wearing a dark green bikini top and tight black surfer slacks that came down to her lower thigh. Somehow, however, this worked to her advantage; because of her different appearance and being new to the area, she got the most attention from the unfamiliar guys. The other girls didn't mind, though; they were too busy flirting with Kevin and Stifler. Oz and Finch sat back with beer in hand, musing over past and current relationships. \"Stif's sister isn't too bad as chicks go,\" Oz commented, seeing her act rather indifferent to the guys that flocked around her. She was sort of treating them as equals, not as opposite sexes meant for procreation alone. \"Absolutely not. She is a diamond in the rough,\" Finch answered, taking a swig of his drink. \"The girl has style .\" Oz raised an eyebrow and gave his friend a suspicious look. \"Finch, you're not thinking about boning another Stifler woman, are you?\" \"Absolutely not .\" He responded. A pause. \"I'm seriously considering it.\" \"Finch!\" \"What can I say? If his mother is the incredible woman she is, imagine her twenty-five years younger!\" \"Aw, Finch !\" Oz laughed, shoving his chuckling friend. \"Come on! Don't tell me you haven't noticed those enticing curves or those perfectly luscious -…\" \" Nah, dude.\" Oz shook his head. \"I've got Heather. Ok, I'll admit, Larissa looks fine. But whatever Larissa's got…it just doesn't compare.\" Finch gave him a calm look. \"Ah, love. I respect that. Good man, Oz. You're a good man,\" he said, patting him on the back. \"Yeah, yeah. Just don't strike up this conversation with Kevin; I think he's still going through Vicki-withdrawl. The discussion might deteriorate into gang-banging plans.\" Oz cracked up. \"Like I'd discuss my…romantic interests…with Kevin. That would be perfectly tactless.\" Stifler meanwhile had been arranging a game of beer football. This game consisted of taking the remaining beer in the small keg and using it as a football. Two teams would face off, and whoever could successfully pass off the \"ball\" without throwing and smashing it and get the most touchdowns before half an hour was up won the keg. Oz and Finch hopped up to participate. They joined opposite teams and the game began. Finch passed off to Stifler, who tossed it to another guy. While Stif and two girls held off the opposing forces, the other guy broke through the line and ran for it. They scored and he almost broke the barrel doing a touchdown dance. The other team took a walk. Oz, Larissa, and Kevin were hunched over with three other girls and two guys. They made a game plan and took their places. Oz staked out dibs on Stifler, Kevin took a couple of girls who looked like they would remain joined at the hip no matter where they went, and Larissa stood opposite Finch and another boy. The keg went into play. Oz made a rush and he made for the center of the field. Larissa and another guy backed him up, and they went ahead to clear the road. The guy was keeping his side clear. A few boys rushed Larissa, but she used their momentum to throw them off and keep Oz's path open. Suddenly, Stifler and Finch were right in front of her. She tripped her brother, using the unstable sand and a bit of unfair play to her advantage, and realized that the only way she was gonna keep Finch off was to barrel into him. She took him straight in the gut and they rolled over the sand. Oz streaked forward, onward to a point for their team. Larissa and Finch sat up and shook sand from their hair, laughing. \"Ow,\" he moaned playfully, rubbing his stomach. \"That knocked my wind out. Ever consider playing on the football team?\" \"Are you kidding?\" she asked, standing up and grabbing his hand to pull him up. \"I'm not a butch lesbian.\" \"I hope not. We've had bad experiences with lesbians around here,\" he commented. \"Go figure. That's one story I don't wanna hear.\"[Chapter 5] Meanwhile,nthe game had deteriorated into a wrestling match for possession ofnthe keg. Stiff and Oz were half-buried under a writing mass of malenbodies with Kevin cracking up and trying to pull guys off before theynsuffocated. All one could hear was the heated cursing and laughternfor some time before the lopsided ball fell apart and they pickednthemselves up. The beer keg was dented and covered in sand, and theynall spotted the hole in the side where the liquid had drained outninto the ground. \" Fuck !\"nStifler snarled. \"Now I gotta go back into town and pick upnanother.\" \"Nah,ndon't worry about it. We gotta finish setting up anyway, man,\"nOz commented and the group dispersed. The five residents of thenhouse went around to the back door, where they brushed off the sandnas best they could and retired inside. Whennthey'd changed and reconvened in the living room, Larissa sighednloudly and groaned. \"What?\"nKevin asked, taking a swig from a can of soda. \"Wenneed uniforms, don't we? If we're catering, we need uniforms,\"nwas the reply. Finchnnodded in agreement. \"I can't see us looking too professionalnwithout them. You think there's a decent store in this town wherenwe can get fitted?\" \"Onlynone way to find out,\" Oz answered, pulling out the car keys. Sonthey all piled in and were in the small town before half an hour hadngone by. Driving down the streets, suddenly Finch tensed up andnpointed out a department store that looked bland enough to sell themncheap, fashionable outfits. Upon entering, they split up and triednto find clothes. \"Man,nall we're doing is serving alcohol,\" Stifler complained to Oz andnKevin. \"It's not like we gotta be waiters in some high-classncocktail place.\" \"Still,nLarissa's right. We wanna get paid and tipped, we gotta look thenpart,\" Kevin explained as he checked out dress pants. \"You likentan or gray better?\" \"Ifnwe're just picking out the pants, I'd opt for black. They'llnmatch anything Finch and Larissa choose.\" Oz started perusing thenracks of pants while Stifler lost interest and wandered around. Henlost himself in the aisles and was dangerously close to the lingeriensection when he realized his position and grinned. It was a primenspot to check out hotties. As he hid himself among men'snundergarments, he inspected the pickings. Hennoticed one brunette, a little chunky around the hips; Hispanic butnwith blonde highlights in her hair. Kind of tacky, he thought. Twonperoxide blondes near the novelty thongs; cute but probably underage.n And they were too short to boot. But that blonde had a seriously fine ass under her dark capris. nShe was over in the Shirts section and a mannequin hid her face, butnhe noticed the chest covered by the red shirt and her average heightnand was getting ready to make the move when he heard Kevin callingnhis name. \"Stiff!n Come on; we got stuff to try on!\" Stiflerngave up and headed back over. Kevin shoved a pair of black pantsninto his hands, a white button-down and a burgundy vest with goldncrisscrosses on it. Following his buddies into the dressing room,nthey all changed and came out to show off. \"Nice,\"na voice commented from the chair next to the three-piece mirror. nThey all spun to see Larissa inspecting the four of them with ansmirk. \"JesusnChrist,\" Kevin laughed nervously. \"Larissa, this is the guy'snroom!\" \"That'snright, Kev. And she must feel right at home.\" Stifler spat with ansnide grin. \"Bitenme,\" she responded, standing up and going into a stall with hernoutfit. Theynstood around while listening to her change. A couple tried to bitenback the burning desire to say something insulting enough to get hernto barge out of there in nothing but her undergarments. Finally shenemerged in an effeminate version of the same outfit, wearing tightnblack slacks, a white blouse, short tie and the burgundy vest. \"Everythingnfit ok?\" Oz managed. \"Yeah.n The pants kind of make my ass look huge, though,\" she commented,ninspecting her rear with a cynical eye. \"Nah…\"nKevin shrugged. \"Well, yes, ok. But it's a good thing.\" \"Thanksnloads,\" she muttered. \"It's probably laced with Spandex.\" \"Justnbuy 'em and let's get out of here before the security camerasnbreak,\" Stifler barked and went back in to change. The othersnfollowed suit and emerged in their regular garb. Justnas Larissa took everything up front to pay for it, Stiff watched herngo and something clicked in his head. When he realized it, he almostnthrew up. Shenwas wearing a red shirt and dark capris! Henhad checked out his own sister ! Jubilantnthat he hadn't said anything, he refused to look at her the rest ofnthe day out of sheer disgust as they went home. When they got in, anmessage on the machine kindly requested that the party for the LakenSanitation Department be held that night. They called the womannback, said they'd do it, and changed.[Chapter 6] At 6:45, Oz staked out the front porch, willing to valet if it was necessary. Kevin sidled up to him, straightened his vest, and nodded to the driveway. \"Here they come.\" They put on warm, fake smiles and Oz took the keys to a very nice Mercedes, which he slid into and drove to park behind the house. The middle-aged couple who had come in it was escorted in by Kevin, and they made straight for the bar, where Stifler was waiting. He grinned and juggled two shakers as they approached. As he went about preparing their drinks, Finch stuck his head out of the kitchen and whispered to Larissa. \"Anyone who's seen Cocktail could do that,\" he sneered, giving Stifler a condescending glance. She chuckled and rebalanced the tray of mediocre appetizers they'd picked up from the grocery store on her palm. \"Of course anyone could. But not anyone can handle the cooking, or play the cocktail-waitress-slash-appetizers-wench.\" The spinach quiche bites were still soggy from the microwave, unable to be cooked in the oven as it was currently attempting to thaw a still-half-frozen box of cheesecake squares. None of the five was gifted with the ability to cook hors d'oeuvres from scratch beyond spraying Cheez-Whiz on a Ritz cracker. Finch had given up on a forty-year-old cookbook he found stuffed in a cabinet in favor of buying frozen food in bulk at the local superstore. \"What cooking? All I do is make sure the cheese fondue stays the right temperature and bring out the antipasto mix.\" \"As opposed to having dirty old men shove dollar bills in your belt, ask for a beer and grab your ass as you walk away?\" He raised an eyebrow in surprise. \"You sound like you've had the experience.\" She rolled her eyes. \"When your mother teaches you that Hooters pays better than McDonalds, you learn fast.\" Suddenly, in the space of half an hour, their house was packed with two dozen people, all Mr. and Mrs. Corporate America clones. None of them were dressed like they worked for the Lake Sanitation Department; it was suit jackets and cocktail dresses all around. Stifler was beside himself with frustration. \"Dude, these women are all in their forties and ugly as hell!\" he snapped to Kevin when he'd finished greeting people. \"And not even a decent cougar in sight. This job is a waste.\" Kevin reached under the bar, grabbed a beer, and took a quick swig before hiding it again. \"What did you think was gonna happen, Stif? We'd throw a party once a week or two, get paid, and pick up hotties?\" \"Well… yeah !\" Kevin rolled his eyes and went back into the kitchen, where Finch, Oz, and Larissa were running around in a frenzy. \"What the hell's happening?\" Kevin demanded. Oz looked up from under the sink. \"We just found mouse shit. Means there's a mouse in here.\" \"If the little rat gets out into the main room,\" Finch explained, \"and anyone sees it, we'll be out of a job faster than we can kiss our collective backsides goodbye.\" Larissa was brandishing a broom and trying to look behind the fridge. \"We can't let it out,\" she said with slightly less resolve. Kevin sighed and got on his knees to check under the cabinets. All too suddenly, they heard a shriek from outside, and they rushed to the kitchen door. A rather rotund woman was flushed and clutching her husband for dear life. As if on a chain reaction, men let out sighs of disgust and women let out cries of surprise across the room. The hosts glanced down, saw a little brown bullet dart around on the floor, and jumped into action. As Oz tried to calm the group down, assuring them that nothing would happen, everyone was attempting to catch the rodent in their own way. Stifler slid over the bar and tried to stomp on it, Finch grabbed a box to try to trap it and Kevin was trying to sweep it out the door with the broom he'd grabbed from Larissa. In the meanwhile, she was dealing with two older gentlemen who were taking the general upset as an opportunity to help themselves to the hard liquor behind the bar. Just as Oz and Kevin had it corralled between them in front of the door, a whirlwind of black legs passed between them as Steven Stifler pulled back and in one almost perfect swing punted the rodent out the open front door into the grass on the other side of the driveway. He regained his composure and turned back to the party, smiled, straightened his vest, and announced, \"Crisis averted, ladies. Return to the previously scheduled party, folks!\" The head of the department – Ms. Marjorie Galston, they had been informed – stomped up to Kevin and stuck a finger in his face. \"Young man, if this house of yours is not up to the health codes laid down by this state, you can hardly expect to have a sanitation company's business, now or on the future. You have violated the contract and embarrassed the executive board-…\" \"Oh, lighten up, Margie,\" one of the men at the bar drawled. \"The same thing happened two years ago at the Hammond place and you didn't pitch a fit at them.\" \"Josephine and Gregory Hammond are longtime friends of the department.\" \"And they've pretty much got gators living in their retention pond. At least we got a show this time. Have another drink.\" He turned to Larissa and held up his empty old fashioned. \"And same for me.\" As the people drifted back into their previous conversations, she mixed his whisky sour. \"I'm sorry, sir. This place is still throwing surprises at us. We thought we'd plugged up the holes.\" \"Speaking of plugging holes, sis,\" Stifler said as he elbowed her out of his spot behind the bar, \"why don't you go back to the kitchen where you belong and load up another tray.\" He had his eye on the front door, where a fine-looking older blonde with alimony-paid implants just walked in and had her eyes on the bar. He hadn't landed a cougar since his second-semester English Structure professor and he was eager to see if he still had the edge. Back in the kitchen, Finch was finished scrubbing up the mouse droppings and attempting to arrange the half-scorched cheesecake pieces on a serving salver. There was already a plate of cheese and crackers ready to go, but she didn't pick it up. Instead she picked up the glass of scotch he'd already poured for her and took a big sip. \"It's no Johnny Walker Blue,\" she coughed as the burn set in early. \"And it tastes like someone cut it with something else. Like they married it with brandy or something. Yuck.\" \"Probably some incompetent kid who thought the glass decanter was pretty and wanted to fill it up,\" Finch replied as he drank his own. \"I've been developing an appreciation for it ever since you started letting guests in the house.\" \"You've been getting drunk this whole time?\" she laughed. \"No, my dear. I've only been drinking for a little while. I've been drunk since the quiches went out.\" \"Lucky shmuck.\" She grinned, finished hers and put it down. It took him a minute to realize that her hand on the glass and it down on the counter and her looking at him expectantly had meant to refill her glass. It had not meant to reach over, take her free hand and pull her to him. He realized he had very little chance of fixing the error while he was in the middle of kissing her. If you've been reading and waiting a long time for an update, you can thank Christian Sunday Valentina for anything from this chapter on, as well as any friends who recently faved or messaged me to work on it.[Chapter 7] It was a good kiss. It lasted longer than he thought it would have, him having drunkenly sprung it on her in the middle of a haze-induced moment where she looked extra-pretty in her tight red vest, finishing off a glass of scotch. She'd returned some of his moves, even going so far as to put her arms around his back instead of shoving him off first. But push him away she did, finally. \"Ok, that was nice and all, but we're still on the clock and you're lit. You want to go upstairs and I'll finish piling the rest of this stuff on? And I'll check up on you in a bit?\" \"I'm not so bad that I can't finish the job in here,\" he waved his hand. \"No, Finch,\" she leaned forward conspiratorially. \"Do you want to go upstairs so I can finish up here and check up on you , moron?\" Little hard to miss that hint. \"Brilliant plan, you know where I'll be.\" With that, he left the kitchen, passed the bar where Stifler had his quarry on her second Screwdriver, went upstairs and into the room. \"You know, these parties are usually so dull,\" she smiled across the countertop at Stifler. \"Usually we just talk about the office and who's divorcing who until someone makes a pass at the wrong board member and everyone goes home. I'm sorry I missed the evening's entertainment.\" \"You should be. I haven't made a kick like that since they threw Evans off the Varsity starting line to give me his spot.\" He decided she could handle an extra splash of vodka in her drink. \"Still in school, then?\" \"Not for the summer. I don't have to be up early for anything.\" \"Isn't that convenient. Neither do I.\" \"If you need somewhere to stay tonight, we're a full-service company here. We'll put you up, if you're willing to share a room.\" He slid the third drink to her with a grin. She picked it up and stood. \"I wouldn't mind that at all. If I were to use the upstairs bathroom, where is that and where do I go afterwards?\" \"Bathroom's first door on the left, room's third on the right. Enjoy your stay at El Casa De Stifler!\" he called after her as she climbed the steps and disappeared into the room on the left. As the party wound down, Oz continued to put half-drunk middle-aged adults into their cars as Kevin stood on the back porch with the two girls from the keg game earlier, thanking them for showing up unexpectedly and unannounced and explaining that they had to wait to come in until all the older folks were gone. The girls were fairly tipsy themselves, having come from another party down the beach, and weren't grasping the concept of \"wait\". This especially applied to the redhead who explained very bluntly to Kevin about her snake of an ex who neglected her for weeks while he banged every sorostitute into the floorboards and mentioned that they now had nowhere to stay for the night. Her friend also had nowhere to stay either. \"Well, I've got a queensize and we've got an extra room for the night. You ladies can have the big bed and I'll move.\" He let them inside once he was certain there were no customers left. Oz came back in and collapsed on the couch. \"Some asshole insisted on coming back over and over again, having me park and fetch his new Porsche so he could give women joyrides all night. I must've parked that car alone seven or eight times –\" \"That's very fascinating, Oz, but we have company again,\" Kevin cut in. \"This is Abby and Krystal.\" Oz shook his head. \"I'm not up to any more entertaining, Kev. They're all yours.\" \"No, w-we're just putting them up for t-tonight,\" he stammered, surprised by two very distinctly different hands on his back and backside. Larissa passed by behind them on her way upstairs, eyeing the girls' activity. \"Done cleaning up in the kitchen, going to bed. Don't stay up late, you three.\" At the top of the stairs, she attempted to go into the bathroom, but the door was locked. Must be Finch , she thought, smirking to herself. I should surprise the bejeezus out of him . Remembering that his room was near the end of the hall, she slipped into the third room on the right and pulled off her shirt. The room was empty and dark, but the bed was unmade so she figured he'd laid down for a nap to wait for her. She removed her bra and lay face down on the bed, her head away from the door, lower legs raised and crossed coyly. Finch lay on the bed, still in a haze but wider awake than ever before. Sooner or later the party would be over and Larissa would be heading up here to make his night fantastic. He heard movement in the hall now, and put his hands behind his head to wait and closed his eyes, thinking about the carnal pleasures that awaited him. Stifler finished wiping down the bar and headed upstairs to his evening's payoff. When he reached his room, there she was, already laying on the bed and playfully facing away from him, only her back illuminated by the shaft of moonlight coming through the window. The rest was in shadow. He pulled off his vest and shirt and mouthed his approval wordlessly as he ran a long series of kisses from her ankle to the middle of her back. Kevin didn't have time to even open the door before the girls were yanking off their shirts, his shirt, collective pants, and devolving into a drunken mess of foreplay. He groped for the door handle, thinking it inappropriate to nail a threesome in the hallway. They came into the room like a hurricane, all three of them blindly falling onto the bed and continuing in the throes of passion, until a man's confused cries forced them to stop going at it and realize that a very naked Kevin had fallen down directly in the middle of the lap of a very naked Finch. Stifler had managed to make it to kissing her shoulder as he massaged her lower back, teasing the skin just below her bustline. \"You've got incredible skin for a woman of your maturity,\" he mused. \"And seriously, the ass of a twenty-year-old.\" The body beneath him froze and slowly turned its head. He realized that the face was not that of a forty-something businesswoman. He was looking at his mother's eyes and they were somewhere between horrified and disgusted. That's when the mutual screaming started. The hallway was full of naked people. Some of them had sheets clutched around them. Others held their clothes up. \"What the fuck were you doing in my room?\" \"You were supposed to be Finch!\" \"Why didn't you see I was on the bed before you fell on me?\" \"Why are you drunk and naked on my bed to begin with?\" \"Wait, you were gonna use my room to fuck Shitbrick?\" \"No, I was going to use his room!\" \"Wait, you were going to sleep with Finch?\" The two girls were so frightened and confused that they ducked back into Kevin's room and shut the door. The rest of them attempted to figure out the mix-up while trying not to vomit. \"So who's in the bathroom?\" Kevin finally asked, pointing out the one hole in the plot. \"Probably that cougar I bagged. I think I put a little too much in her drink. Hope she's not dead in there…\" \"Oh, for fuck's sake.\" Larissa took the skeleton key off the top of the doorframe and unlocked the bathroom. There, sleeping peacefully in the tub, was the woman. Kevin draped a blanket over her and sighed. \"And through this whole mess, Oz is still passed out on the couch downstairs. I am in awe.\" ","Summary":" \"How's it goin', Fuckface?\" Oz looked up with a smirk at Stifler, who stuck his tongue out, waggl"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: Betrayal","Author":"Cwonnor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9674648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Lindsay Lindsay Lassiter stood in the empty courtyard of her high school. Snow fell quietly from the sky, blanketing the cracked concrete in white. The weather was strange for this time of year, unusually cold for March. She stared at the ashen gray sky and became lost in her thoughts. I wonder if more people will die tonight because of the cold , she thought. She really didn't want to think about tonight. The date was March 22nd and in four hours, the 12th annual Purge would begin. Lindsay never participated, no she and her family would never be caught \"Purging\" their sins. A night of death and violence? The New Founding Fathers were full of shit. The Purge was not a night to \"cleanse onself of the hate and anger inside.\" It was a night where many, many innocent and unprepared people were mercilessly slaughtered. Yeah, maybe it had stimulated the economy to the point of unemployment being at 1% and maybe the country was prospering. But what good was prospering when it was fuelled by the bloodshed of the poor? A voice pulled Lindsay out of her thoughts. \"Lindsay! Yo, Earth to Lindsay!\" the voice cried out. Lindsay smiled and waved. The voice belonged to a pale, rail thin girl who, despite the bitter cold, wore only a purple cardigan and skinny jeans. The girl waved Lindsay over to a nearby table. \"Thank God,\" Lindsay whispered to herself. She starting to think Whitney wasn't going to show. It wouldn't have been the first time. She crossed the courtyard, snow crunching under her feet. Her skin rippled with goosebumps, from the cold or from the nervous excitement about tonight, she did not know. Lindsay slung her bag off of her shoulder and sat beside Whitney, who handed her a steaming hot coffee. Whitney's lack of clothing astonished and worried Lindsay all at the same time. \"Okay, so like, your parents are cool with you having this Purge Party, right?\" Whitney asked, fiddling with her iPhone. Lindsay took a too big of a sip and choked a little before answering, \"Oh, yeah,\" she coughed, \"they're going to the Macready's across town. We have the house to ourselves for the whole night .\" Whitney squealed with glee, \"This is so awesome! You invited anyone yet? Well, I mean besides me. Because let's be real, this party would be great with just me there.\" Lindsay rolled her eyes and said, \"I got replies from Harper, Erik, Trish, and Davis. Oh, and Mitchell asked if he could invite Elias Locke.\" Whitney raised her eyebrow, \"That faggot? Why does your brother want him there?\" Lindsay slapped Whitney's hand, \"Watch it, Whit. And I dunno, I didn't ask.\" Whitney smirked and turned her attention back to her iPhone. Candy Crush saga had never fallen out of favor, even 10 years later. Lindsay sighed and looked out across the icy courtyard. Whitney was a great friend, no doubt, but she was also full of herself. And while Lindsay was not so perfect herself, Whitney drove her crazy some days. Something was up with Whitney. She'd never said anything that harsh about anyone before. As she waited for a lapse in the excuse of an attention span Whitney had, she spotted a figure moving quickly under the awning beside the classrooms. The girl had flowing red hair and tanned skin, so golden that it glowed against the backdrop of white. Marta Locke's heavy boots thumped loudly on the slick sidewalk. Lindsay called out to her and caught a quick glimpse of her mascara streaked face. She turned to Whitney, who wasn't paying attention and would no doubt throw a fit after what she was about to do, then turned back to Marta and ran after her. \"Marta, Marta, hey are you okay?\" Lindsay asked, breathless. The cold air stung in her lungs. \"What do you care?\" Marta hissed, attempting to step around Lindsay. Lindsay caught her arm and stopped her, \"Look, I need to ask you something. Your brother's coming to our Purge Party tonight and I wanted to know if you wanted to come.\" Marta's hair covered her face, but she pushed it back to look at Lindsay. Her face seemed to question Lindsay's authenticity. \"You're serious? This isn't some prank?\" Marta asked. Lindsay chuckled, \"No! No way. This is totally sincere in every way, shape, and form. Plus, you know you'll be way safer at our house tonight.\" Marta nodded, \"Okay. I'll ride with Elias. But if you pull any shit, I'm leaving, even if it is the Purge.\" \"No shit, got it. Make sure you and Elias bring some movies or music. I don't like to watch the Purge Feed.\" Lindsay said, grinning. Marta nodded and walked away to her car, speeding off from the school. Lindsay turned around to see a fuming Whitney standing behind her. Her face was a deep scarlet. Whitney scoffed and said, \"You didn't really invite that freak, did you?\" \"Yeah, I did. She and Elias are probably safer at my house than at theirs,\" Lindsay told her, picking her bag up from the table, \"and besides, since when do you care? Marta's never done anything to you.\" Whitney's face turned to shock, \"That's the whole point of the Purge, Linds! They're supposed to die! Rich people like us, we stay safe in our homes, but them? Well, you know what happens to them.\" Lindsay's jaw dropped. Where did this come from? This was not the Whitney she'd been friends with since middle school. \"Whit, please tell me you didn't say that.\" Lindsay said, clenching her fists. \"Oh, don't act like you don't believe it. That \"purging sins\" bull? Yeah, this is to get rid of the poor. The ones who don't contribute. The ones like Marta and her family.\" \"Whitney! Just because her family isn't rich like us doesn't mean they should die!\" Lindsay realized she was shouting and bit down on her lip to calm herself. She knew she needed to stop. \"Yeah, okay,\" Whitney snorted, \"Tell that to the thousands of crazies getting their knives and guns ready for tonight. Who are they going after? The poor. I'm sorry, well not really, but it's true.\" Whitney picked her up her backpack. Lindsay knew it was true. She hated it, knowing that all of these people would be slaughtered just because they weren't able to afford security systems and because of their financial status. The whole system was screwed up. \"Look,\" Whitney said, sighing, \"It's cool that you invited them. But remember, it's the Purge and not everyone will be happy to see them at the party.\" Whitney tied her platinum blond hair in a ponytail. \"Whit, that's why I had to invite her. Marta would be a target.\" Whitney walked over to her, embracing her in a hug. She leaned over to Lindsay's ear and whispered, \"You can't save them all. It's us or it's them.\" She left Lindsay in the parking lot, mouth agape. The Purge was still four hours away, but Lindsay felt as if Whitney had driven a blade through her stomach. But, it was her words. Lindsay could feel something in Whitney's word. It was something that, en mass, was a dangerous virus. The drug of dictators, the precursor to genocide. It was hate. She could feel the hate permeating from those around her. Lindsay ran to her car and sped home.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Michael Michael Lassiter watched his brother, Mitchell, from across the room. Mitchell was furiously texting someone, a wide grin that grew even bigger every time a new text came in. Michael knew who he was texting but he was waiting for Mitchell to outright tell him. He was on the bed across from Mitchell's. Ever since they were little, their room had been set up like this. Two beds, two closets, two everything. Michael liked it that way. They were the same, but they were different. Mitchell's phone blipped again, and Michael held in Ignoring his brother, he stood up and walked over to the mirror that hung on his closet. Harper would be coming soon and he was not about to miss his chance to score with her. Hopefully she wouldn't object to his Purge Party outfit. Red sweater (for the blood being spilled, of course), denim khakis, and black Vans. If that didn't get a response out of her, he was definitely going to question his girlfriend's taste in style. He eyed Mitchell in the mirror. While Mitchell grinned and giggled at his texts, Michael grimaced in disgust. Dammit, Michael thought, why can't he just tell me already? It's not like it's some big secret. He decided he would ask. What would be the trouble in that? If Mitchell had nothing to hide, then he shouldn't worry. Michael turned around and asked, \"So who's the lucky lady?\" Mitchell raised his eyes up from the screen of the phone and asked, \"Why do you care who I'm texting? It's none of your business.\" Michael snorted, \"Dude, what's your problem? I just asked a question.\" Mitchell rolled his eyes and locked his phone. Swinging his feet from the bed, he stood up and said, \"It's that cheerleader from Wycliffe. Y'know, the blond one?\" Bullshit. \"Oh, yeah,\" Michael feigned memory, \"man she was hot. What was her name again?\" Mitchell stammered a little bit, but then stopped. He narrowed his eyes at Michael. Michael had seen that look before. Underneath the emerald eyes, he could see the cogs working in Mitchell's mind. Twins weren't very good at hiding things from each other. Michael's eyes quickly jumped from Mitchell's phone and back to his eyes. \"You ass! You read my texts, didn't you?\" Mitchell shouted. \"Look, before you get all pissed, you could've just told me.\" Michael said to him. Mitchell groaned and tossed his phone onto his bed. He cut his eyes at Michael and hissed, \"Screw you, Michael.\" He stomped out of the room and slammed the door behind him. Michael swallowed the lump in his throat and sat down on the floor. Mitchell's phone pinged again, but he left it alone. He knew he'd piss him off, but not that much. Mitchell had never been this mad before. Michael's own phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and saw that Harper was calling him. He decided not to answer the phone. She'd be here soon enough. Michael stood and ran his hands through his mahogany hair. How am I gonna fix this? You really screwed this up, Michael. He walked to the window and looked out to his neighborhood. The streets were empty. Even two hours before the Purge, people already had their security systems down and their houses locked up. But, just as he started to move away, he spotted someone standing in the shadows of the large oak tree. It was a tall girl, who wore a purple hoodie. Her face was covered by a bunny mask. She waved her fingers at Michael and took off down the street, ducking through a neighbor's bushes. Michael shuddered, then went to find Mitchell.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Grinning Man He knew them well. They had staked them out over the past few months, watched them. He'd even done some repair work on their home. Unbeknown to them, they were going to die tonight. The picture perfect family was going to be ripped to pieces. Shame, he thought as he held one of their pictures up, such a beautiful family. The Lassiters. They would not \"survive the night\" as the popular saying went. They would die, just like many others would die, for their country. Sacrifice a few for the many. He thought about the times before the Purge. The poverty, the war. How his own mother was taken out this life before his eyes. But it was bad to dwell on such things. The memory of tonight would wipe that memory away. Then he could grin forever and ever without wearing a mask. He laughed as his phone vibrated in his pocket. He put his pistol on the table in front of him and then answered the call. \"Are they home?\" he asked. A sly chuckle from the other end, \"Yeah, they're home. One of them even saw from the window. He was pretty cute. I call him, okay?\" The Grinning Man rolled his eyes, \"You get us in there, you get whatever you want. And remember, the others need to go for the parents.\" \"Don't worry, Rint's making up the cocktails as we speak,\" the woman said, \"and I think this year's Purge is going to be great.\" \"I am ready for Release.\" He whispered, cocking his pistol. \"God bless New America.\" The woman said.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Elias \"You know Calvin, some people think that tonight is not just about unleashing your innermost desires. Some Purge detractors have claimed that tonight is about the eradication of those who can't defend themselves, like the sick or elderly. Others have pointed out that out of all crimes allowed tonight, murder is the one most committed.\" A female radio host said. Elias Locke turned the radio down and peered through his windshield. The sun was slowly sinking into the horizon. The gray clouds had given way to a sky that was a mix of lavender and red. The only clouds in the sky were wisps, spread out and strung out across the painted sky. As he approached the Lassiter's home, he noticed there were already security systems down on most of the homes in the neighborhood, even though there was still 20 minutes before the Purge. Elias sighed deeply and said a quick prayer for his mom. They couldn't afford a security system, but she was going to the same party as Mitchell's parents, so she would hopefully be okay. He remembered the Purges when they had to stay home. Listening to the gunfire and the fights, the screams out in streets. The pleading. Or the time that they hid in the basement while someone upstairs ransacked their home, leaving it bare. They'd almost been killed that year. He shook the memories away. You've got nothing to worry about, he thought, you're going to be fine. You're here with friends and nothing can go wrong. But deep in the back of his mind, he could hear that small voice, just barely. Marta sat in the seat next to him, her legs stretched out on the dash. She stared out of the window blankly, twirling her hair in her fingers. Elias sighed as he pulled up to the Lassiter's house. He hoped to God that Marta would actually have a good time and not be as apathetic about it as she usually was. The car came to a halt in front of the mansion. Pearl white pillars extended into the air, a balcony topping them off. The house was a rusty red color with a large bay window on the right side. The front of the home gave it a false impression; it was much larger than it appeared. Elias whistled, \"This house, it's giant huh?\" Marta nodded and got out of the car. She shuddered against the wind and began to walk up the path towards the home. Elias stood and checked his phone, making sure his mom hadn't called him. She hadn't (thank God). As he followed Marta, he caught the tail end of a conversation, \"…yeah, so after we kill him, we get that piece of meat all to ourselves. Man, she better be ready.\" Elias turned to see the Lassiter's neighbor standing in his front yard on the phone. The man caught Elias' eye and smiled, waving. The nonchalance of the gesture creeped him out. He hurried inside. The house was warm, inviting, and smelled like a coffee shop. The foyer was massive, with a spiral staircase ascending in front of him. The floor, chestnut, gleamed in the bright light of the chandelier. There was a tap on his shoulder. \"Welcome to our humble abode,\" A short girl with a pixie cut said, \"you must be Elias!\" Elias nodded, \"Yeah, that's me.\" \"Well, it's great to finally meet you! I'm Paula, Mitchell's sister. Beer?\" She handed him a red solo cup full of Bud Lite. So much for class. \"Thanks,\" he said, sipping some of it. \"Okay, so just follow me up the stairs and we'll be with the others.\" He began to climb the stairs, following Paula. Family portraits, in tune with modern family cliché, lined the walls, showing the family's changes throughout the year. Elias rolled his eyes and followed Paula who was talking incessantly. \"Yeah, Mitchell really likes you, but he denies it. Just don't do any of that flirty stuff in front of Michael.\" Paula said, as she sipped her beer. \"Why not? And are you old enough to drink?\" He asked. \"What are you, a cop? No. And because, it's one thing that his brother's GAY, but he's gay with you.\" Paula immediately regretted what she said, by the look on her face. \"Shit, sorry. It's just…I dunno. Let's just say Michael doesn't have very high views of you guys.\" \"You guys? You mean Marta and I?\" Elias had stopped walking. This was bull. \"Yeah, look I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. Just ignore him tonight, ok? Try to have fun.\" Paula rolled her eyes, sighed, and opened the door to another large room. There were multiple cries of 'Elias!' and 'Bro, you made it!' and also 'Paula, but that beer down!' Elias smiled and sat next to Lindsay, who was complaining about missing her favorite television show. Elias saw Michael talking to Mitchell in a hushed voice. Michael was obviously not happy. He caught Elias' eye and then dragged Mitchell into the adjacent room. A thump beside him on the couch broke his concentration. It was Erik Stovach, the class president and one of Elias' most disliked persons. Erik was tall, muscular. His face was covered with coarse scruff, sandy blond matching his hair. \"Sup man, you guys excited for tonight?\" Erik asked, his beer sloshing in the cup. \"Uh, yeah, yeah I'm excited for tonight, I guess.\" Elias said. \"Man, we gotta get you hooked up. I think Whitney's available.\" Elias shifted uncomfortably. How stupid would he look if he shouted 'SHUT THE HELL UP!'? \"Um, no. I'm good. Not really looking to date, y'know?\" \"Oh, man, c'mon. You're not a fag are you?\" Erik asked, his breath reeking. Actually… \"Guys, shut up! It's starting!\" Lindsay shouted. Three seconds later, the news broadcast shut off, the screen being replaced with the insignia of New America. The emergency broadcast sounded three times, and then a woman began to speak. \"This is not a test. This is your government, New America, announcing the commencement of the annual Purge. At the siren, all crime, including murder, will be legal for twelve hours. From 7 P.M to 7 A.M, all emergency services will be suspended. Your government thanks you for your cooperation. Blessed be the New Founding Fathers. Blessed be America, a Nation reborn.\" The Purge Siren blared all across the town. The empty streets echoed the screech, the noise bouncing off of every wall, every abandoned store. The windows of the Lassiter's home rattled with each screech. Finally, the sound ceased. Everyone in the room breathed a sigh of relief. Michael stepped into the room with Mitchell. Lindsay motioned for him to go to the box beside of the TV. Michael moved swiftly, activated the security system, and then stepped in front of Elias. \"Can I talk to you in the next room?\" \"You sure you're not going to kill me? This is the Purge, y'know.\" Elias said, grinning. His attempt at humor did not penetrate Michael's walls at all. Elias stood and followed Michael into the room. Great, just freaking great. \"Do you and my brother have something going on?\" Michael asked, his face snarled. Elias laughed nervously and began to say 'No' but thought of another answer, \"Yeah, we do have something going on. Your brother kissed me at the football game last week.\" Michael groaned and muttered, \"Faggot.\" Elias' blood instantly began to boil. \"Excuse me? You wanna say that again?\" Michael laughed, \"You heard what I said. You and my brother may like what you're doing, but I don't. I think it's sick. I think you shouldn't be near my brother. In fact, you shouldn't even be at this party.\" \"Watch it Michael.\" \"This is the night where your kind gets slaughtered. You know what I mean. The trash, the ones who don't contribute. People like your mom.\" Michael said, smugly smiling. \"You asshole!\" Elias shouted. His fist crashed into Michael's bottom lip, splitting it wide open. Michael stumbled back and tackled Elias to the ground. A fist smashed Elias' nose, bringing a fresh rapid of blood. Elias rolled on top of Michael and whacked him with his forearm. Just as Michael squirmed to get free, screaming things like, \"You probably like this, don't you fag?\" they heard a faint voice. Elias stood and walked to the direction of the sound. There was giggling and then they heard it again. \"Hey, are we invited to the party?\" Michael made it to the window first and muttered, \"Oh my God.\" Elias was too horrified to speak. The woman in the bunny mask stood in the middle of the circle driveway, next to the fountain. In her hands was a twelve gauge shotgun. Two men stood on either side of her, one armed with an ax, the other with a sledgehammer. \"We didn't RSVP, but we decided to come anyway!\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Harper Harper's body quaked with intense fear. Where the hell had these freaks come from? A minute ago, she'd been trying to figure out a way to get some alone time with Michael, but he'd stormed off with Elias. And then these freaks decide that this is the most opportune time to crash the party. Harper knew that these people weren't messing around. She could hear the way the woman spoke, playful but with a razor sharp edge in her voice. Plus, the shotgun in her hands helped to convince her. Lindsay stood at the small glass window of the security door and spoke up, \"Um…well, can I ask why you're here?\" The woman sighed and then tsk-tsked, \"Lindsay Lassiter, is it? Well, let's see. For starters, tonight is the Purge. And in case you haven't noticed, any and all crime is legal. Second, you happened to be throwing a party on this exact night . How great is that?\" Michael pushed Lindsay back and said, \"Why don't you guys just leave us alone. We haven't done anything to you. I'm sure you're all fine citizens, so from one upstanding member to the other, please leave.\" The woman and the men beside her broke out into laughter. The sound of it was rough, grainy. One of them even began to cough. It hurt Harper's ears to listen to them. Lindsay stammered a little as she spoke, \"B-but ma'am, as you can see, we're just kids. We just want to have peace and quiet tonight.\" \"Dammit, man, what do these freaks want?\" Erik hissed at Michael, who waved him off. \"Oh my gosh, I can't take this. I really can't take this. I have to tell someone, maybe someone can make them leave by like, threatening or…\" Trish said, catching Harper's eye. \"Are you being serious? Who are you gonna call, the police?\" Harper could hear the bite in her own voice and willed herself to calm down. Everything's going to be fine. They'll leave, they have to. \"Yeah, they can't come after us! We aren't poor.\" Davis said, gulping down his beer. Mitchell turned to him, \"Davis, dude, there are no rules about who to kill. We are their prey!\" Davis' eyes grew wide and he moved closer to the door to examine the scene. \"Ugh, oh my gosh, this is seriously getting tiring. Are the others ready?\" Bunny Mask asked. A man in a Jack-o-Lantern mask nodded and pulled out his phone. \"Yeah man, it's time.\" \"Ma'am, ma'am please! You don't have to do this! We're just kids!\" Lindsay said, pleading with the woman. \"I've heard enough of your whining. I'm coming for you first.\" Jack-o-Lantern hissed. Davis groaned and shoved Lindsay and Michael out of the way. He pressed his face against the glass and roared, \" We are not the poor, you idiots! You should be hunting them, not us!\" Bunny Mask stood there, toying with her shotgun. She laid the gun down and walked quietly towards the door, her body moving slowly. As she reached the door, there was a screech of tires from somewhere in the neighborhood. Bunny Mask stood to face Davis and slowly slid her mask off. They all gasped. She was beautiful. Dark red hair, green eyes. A minute scattering of freckles across her pale cheeks. She smiled. \"Y'know, I have never quite understood the concept of the rich hunting the poor,\" She said, smirking. The growl of an engine grew louder. \"What would you do when they're all gone? Hunt one another? Well, we decided to turn the tables. We,\" she grinned, motioning to the men behind her, \"are the poor of New America. And we've decided to hunt some choice game tonight.\" A truck stopped at the edge of the driveway, its engine idling. The headlights of the truck surrounded her, giving a twisted Holy Madonna view. \"So, with that being said, I'd like to say goodbye to you and your little friends. And thank you, in advance, for you sacrifice.\" She moved out of the way and the truck's headlights screamed into the foyer. \"What are they doing with that truck?!\" Elias shouted. Harper began to back away from the door. The engine to the truck roared, but it stayed in place. The Bunny Woman slipped on her mask and shouted, \"Unleash the beast boys!\" The truck roared forward towards the house. Harper made it to the top of the stairs just as she heard the screech of the metal. The outer doors shattered and the metal snapped and bent. The security door came crashing down, catching Davis' legs as he began to run. He collapsed onto the hardwood floor and Harper could only watch as his body was crushed under the tires of the trucks. Blood began to pool under his now lifeless body. The rest of the group scattered in different directions, none of which Harper had a chance to focus on as the truck exploded in a bloom of fire. The pictures on the walls all fell ,shattering. Harper was blown backwards into the hallway. The chandelier crashed down on top of the ruined carcass of the truck. Outside, in the cold of the night, a cold smile grew on the face of Bunny Mask. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Lindsay Lindsay Lassiter stood in the empty courtyard of her high school. Snow fell quie"},{"Movie":"Final Fantasy: Advent Children","Title":"Acceptance","Author":"asta-shadows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10637345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So here's a little story I came up with. I was watching AC and thought \"what happens now?\" So this is my story. I had meant for it to be a oneshot but ended up longer than I thought :P I was writing it halfway when I noticed how many pages it already were. so I reread it to maybe change it to make it shorter, but I liked what I wrote. So I was like \"oh fuck it. I'm keeping it!\" i hadn't realized I said that outloud and my mom heard (-_-) she has no tolerance for cussing Well, I hope you enjoy reading this! It has been some time after the attack of Kadaj and his gang. Cloud had found himself again after the event. Hell, he even found a cure for the geostigma. From all around the world, people came rushing to the church of the spring to be cured. Cloud was there every single day from sunrise to sundown curing people. That lasted for about a good five months. Denzel and Marlene came back and forth from 7th Heaven and the church in which they nicknamed \"Cloud's Haven\" since he seemed to be truly happy there. After the incident, Denzel had more strength both in body and mind. He said he wanted to be just like Cloud. Barrett and Cid disapproved, of course. They teased that Denzel would have to go through depression and self-loathing first. That made Cloud's face turn bright red. But he dismissed it saying that it was all behind him now. But was it? Vincent stopped by more often now to visit his new friend, Marlene. I don't know what happened between the two but Marlene said it was Cloud's fault, and also, she was showing Vincent how to use a cell phone. Now, I keep wondering if it was because of Marlene that Vincent had asked about where to buy a phone that day. Denzel was quite jealous that Marlene favored the older man to play with than him. He even tried to tough out Vincent. Honestly, I never knew how good Vincent is with kids until now. Maybe I should get him to help watch the kids sometimes. Yuffie often came with a package for Cloud. At first, it started out small like a box big enough for a small night lamp. Then it got bigger and bigger each time she came. I don't know what it is but I'm sure it's Materia. And lately, Yuffie's been acting strange around me. She kept giggling with a slight blush my way. She isn't the type that can hold a secret for very long, however, she sure is persistent with this one. I don't know what it is but I'm sure it has something to do with the things she brings to Cloud. 7th Heaven became more popular and busier ever since then. Eventually, I couldn't handle the whole bar just by myself. Cloud offered a hand to help, but when the days that he had to make a delivery, I was all by myself. So I hired two people, a boy and a girl to help out. Since then, I barely asked Cloud's help. He seemed a bit disappointed, but I don't want to wear him out when he has so many deliveries. He was gone often on deliveries. It turned out, old ladies just like his company and would order random stuff to be delivered. They even mentioned on a phone call that he was sweet, handsome, and they liked his ass. And here I thought only younger women does that. Honestly, it made me a bit jealous that they were able to spend more quality time with him than I did. Of course, it's not like I can just come out and say it. It has gotten a bit awkward between Cloud and I. We talked like normal, but there's always this lingering awkwardness between us. There are many times when Cloud would say something and I would look at him. Then we would just stare for a good three seconds and turn away blushing. Well, I was at least. I doubt he felt the same. Cloud hasn't been trying to push me, or us, away anymore. It's like he's come to terms to allow himself to have a family and be happy. However, after what we've been through, I'm not so sure we'd be like any other family anymore. I still love Cloud and the kids and want us to be a big happy family. However, I feel like I'm pushing him away more now than ever. I guess you can say I've been hurt by him. I'm disappointed and upset. However, I can't really show him that. But I think he knows. He's been letting me have my own privacy, only approaching me when it's business. He's hanging out more than usual if he isn't away on deliveries. But I don't want to keep my hopes up in the chance that he will go away again. I don't want to be hurt anymore. So if he decides to go away again, I won't be hurt anymore. I think. Oh just so you know if you're wondering who's narrating here. It's Tifa. Pretty much summarizing what happened after AC. P.S. I don't own FFVII or AC. Wish i did. could be a billionaire right now =D. but sadly i don't (T^T)[Chapter 2] Tifa yawned as she finished wiping down the last table. She had closed for the night, a little earlier than she would have. She just felt too tired to do anything else. The girl she hired finished washing the rest of the dishes. The boy had finished sweeping the floor. \"Need anything else, Tifa?\" Elena spoke with her red curls bouncing as she tilt her head. Tifa gave a thankful smile. \"No, that'll be all. You two can head on home. Hunter, be sure to walk Elena home first. You don't know who's out there at this time of night.\" Hunter laughed as he put the broom away in the closet. \"Don't I always, Tifa?\" Hunter closed the closet and washed his hands quickly at the sink. Elena grabbed both of their jackets from the coat hanger in the back. She handed his to him and wore hers while Hunter carried his on his arm. They left the building with Tifa locking the door behind them. Barrett had come earlier to take Marlene and Denzel because he wanted to show them his new oil factory. So they would be gone for a few days. Yuffie just dropped off a box earlier this morning, so she wouldn't be back for another week. The rest are pretty much random. Cloud had gone out on a delivery since yesterday so she doesn't even know when he'll be back. Tifa decided to make herself a drink before heading upstairs. Suddenly, she heard what sounded like a motor come by and made its way to the garage. \"Fenrir.\" Tifa let the words drop like honey. Instead of quickly unlocking the door like she used to, she decided he could use his keys for once since she didn't feel like moving from her spot. She could hear someone tried opening the door to find out its locked. Then she heard shuffling of keys and the door opened. He walked in and closed the door behind him, all the while staring at Tifa with concerned eyes. He walked gracefully towards her and leaned over the counter. His mako blue eyes stared at her. \"You okay, Tifa?\" Cloud said with a concern voice. Tifa forced a smile. \"Yeah. Go put your stuff away. I'll make you a drink.\" Cloud didn't move from his spot. He continued to stare at her as if trying to read her. When she looked up to see that he was still there, she shooed him away with her hands playfully. A slight smile came across his face and he left the room. Tifa knew his favorite drink. She quickly prepared it and set it down as soon as Cloud came back to take a seat on one of the stools at the bar. Cloud looked at his cup before looking at hers. He noticed that she had drank only half of hers and knew right away that something was wrong. He walked around the counter to face Tifa, who had looked up at him. \"I'm taking the trash out.\" Tifa carried the trash bag and walked around him as if nothing happened. Once outside, Tifa felt the icy wind brush up against her. It was the winter season, only that snow hadn't covered the ground yet. Tifa doubt it would be any longer to see snow. Tifa quickly walked to the garbage can and threw in the trash. She made a dash inside to feel the warm heat surround her again. Tifa had noticed that Cloud had disappeared from the bar. However, both of their cups were washed, dried, and put safely away. Tifa sighed in relief. \"Perfect. Now I just need to take a warm shower and head to bed.\" She smiled to herself as she turned off the lights and headed up the stairs. She saw Cloud coming out of the bathroom with his hair wet and figured he probably just took a quick bath. Tifa quickly grabbed a towel from her room and headed to the shower. After a nice long shower, Tifa came out with only wearing a spaghetti strap tank top that barely covered her stomach and a black short. Instead of going straight to her room like usual, she decided to spy on Cloud. He was in his office doing something at his desk. Tifa sneaked inside assuming that Cloud would already know she's there. Tifa peaked out from behind Cloud to see what he was doing. She wasn't sure what it is but there were papers full of blueprints. \"Hmm.\" Tifa bit her bottom lips trying to figure out what it is. Cloud, actually not paying attention to his surrounding, jumped in his chair the moment he noticed Tifa's face right next to his. His sudden reaction caused his shoulder to collide with Tifa's jaw making her yelp in pain. Tifa held her bruised jaw, softly rubbing it while giving Cloud a death glare. \"What was that for, Cloud?\" Cloud, trying to recollect himself, shook his head and quickly picked up the papers that were sprawled all over the floor. \"Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you were here.\" Still rubbing her jaw, Tifa winced at the pain. \"Good thing I didn't bite my tongue.\" Tifa looked at Cloud picking up the papers on the ground. She decided to help him. \"So, what's all this for?\" \"Nothing.\" Tifa raised an eyebrow. \"Great. He's being secretive again.\" Tifa sighed. \"Well, what is it then?\" Cloud shrugged. \" Ugh! Him and his silent gestures!\" Tifa wanted to punch Cloud in the face. She stood up as they picked up the last piece. Cloud set the papers down on the desk. Tifa carefully walked towards him and place it on top of his. Cloud quickly turned to see Tifa standing so close to him. Her scent of newly coming out of the shower filled his nostrils. Her wet hair cupped her face so gently. Only then did he noticed the way she dressed. As Tifa put the papers down, she noticed Cloud had been staring at her. She turned her face to look at him and noticed incredibly how close they were standing. Their noses centimeters apart. Tifa can smell Cloud's soft breath. She can smell the shampoo he used. She can feel his aura brushing against her skin. Tifa shuddered at the thought of jumping him right there and then. As if on cue, Cloud closed the distance between them. He can hear her heartbeat beating faster and faster. The fresh scent that Tifa just came out of the shower made her unbearable to stay away. Her brown eyes glittered as she locked with his. He was only a few millimeters away from her. He can almost taste her cherry lips. Lips that he wanted to kiss for a long time. \"Tifa…\" Cloud mumbled under his breath. That word lingered on his lips as he leaned in. However, when Tifa heard her name being whispered so sweetly by him, she snapped back to reality. Before their lips could touch, Tifa turned away and slightly pushed him. She felt tears sting her eyes as she darted for the door. \"Tifa?\" Cloud was astounded by her sudden reaction. Had he been imagining that Tifa wanted this too? Tifa stopped in the middle of the room. Never turning around, Cloud can hear her sniff silently. He waited for her, wanting her to have time to think to herself. Maybe he had rushed it. Maybe that wasn't what she was thinking of all along. God, he wanted to know so much what she's thinking! \"Tifa-\" \"STOP IT!\" Tifa yelled making Cloud jump. \"What?\" Cloud was confused. \"JUST…stop it…\" Tifa sniffed again. Her voice was weak and shaky. This time, she brought her hands to her face. Cloud wanted to walk up to her and make her face him. But, the tone of her voice made him freeze in his tracks. He didn't know what to do. \"Tifa…I…I don't understand.\" Tifa mumbled something which Cloud couldn't hear. He took a step forward, but when Tifa heard it, she turned around and backed away. Tears filled up her eyes and fell down her cheeks like a waterfall. She bit her bottom lips and shook her head. \"Don't do this to me, Cloud. Don't DO THIS to me!\" Cloud's heart felt like glass. One touch and it would shatter into a million pieces. He was very confused. \"Do what?\" He took another step forward. This time, Tifa stayed put, hands in her face. She shook her head a couple of times. Cloud stepped forward again, closing the distance between them. Once he was within arm's reach of her, he softly spoke. \"Tifa?\" Tifa froze when she realized how close he was. Her face shot right up and looked at him in the eyes. \"Don't give me hopes and then leave like you always do!\" Cloud froze. \" What?\" Tifa shook her head violently. \"The first time you left, you said that it was to protect me. The second time, it was because of remorse. Both times, I held on. Both time, I forgave you. Both times, you didn't bother to let me know how you were doing. I can't do it anymore, Cloud. How do I know that you will stay this time? You're just going to use another excuse and leave me all alone again!\" Cloud was stunned. It hurt him. It hurt him so much to know how much pain he had put her through. \"Tifa…I…\" His voice was so shaky even it surprised him. \"Just stop it, Cloud!\" Tifa snapped at him. Her tears never subsided. \"I don't want to hear it anymore. I just can't do it anymore, Cloud. Please don't give me hopes and promises that you can't keep. I don't want to be hurt anymore.\" Tifa's voice broke off. She took one more look at him and finally retreated to her room. Cloud stood there alone, never leaving his gaze at the spot where she once stood. Although it was quite warm in the house, Cloud felt cold. It was so cold that it froze him. He felt as if he couldn't breathe. The coldest has gone down his throat, his lungs, and his heart. Tifa's words echoed in his ears. She sounded so hurt, so disappointed, so betrayed. He had never heard or seen her like that ever before. The scene of Tifa backing away from him so scared and afraid replayed over and over in his mind. He was so engulfed in his own selfish desires that he had hurt her so badly. He dropped to his knees as he felt his whole body weakened. His glass heart that was so fragile was now broken into millions of pieces. I actually don't know how many times Cloud left Tifa. These are the only ones I know and I'm just gonna stick to it. If you know other times he did leave her, don't hesitate to tell me though. I can use it for other stories =D I actually wanted it to be a bit more dramatic than this. When I imagined this scene, I was like \"yes, she did this and he did this and that.\" But when I actually put it down in writing, I couldn't find the right way to do it so it became this. Guess I'm not experienced enough to do so (-.-)[Chapter 3] I was watching AC trying to see how many rooms they have but I really don't know. It was too complicated so I just made it up =D There's a few cursing in this chapter so hopefully you guys don't mind reading that. I'm not much of a person who curses a lot myself so it was sort of weird when I did write it (although when I'm pissed, my god, my mouth! XP) I had wanted it to be more intense (18+ ;P) but as I was writing it, I was like \"eh, I'll make them wait for it\" lol. yes, i'm a meanie. plus, this is rated T so really can't. I might change it later though but we'll see hehehe ;D Tifa didn't want to get out of bed at all. It was morning and it was beautiful outside. However, it felt so stuffy and cold inside. Maybe it was just Tifa. But that didn't matter. The fact is she did not want to leave her comfy bed. She rolled over towards the door and stared at it. She could see a shadow walking side to side. It was Cloud. Who else could it be? They're the only ones left at home. She knows he wasn't wearing any shoes because she didn't hear the loud thump it would give out. It went on for a good five minutes. When Tifa was about to turn away, he stopped right in front of her door. She can hear him scratching the back of his head. He ran his fingers through his golden hair. He crossed his arms and tapped it nervously. His ragged breathing made him extremely nervous. Tifa sat up and folded her arms around her knees. How much she hated that she can read him so easily, however, it made her content that she can. But what was he up to now? For the past few days, she couldn't read him at all. It was as if he was a totally new person. It might be due to the fact that she's totally pissed off at him. Extremely disappointed and angry. But she still was able to read him anyways back then. What made that change now? Then she heard a knock. For the first time in forever, he actually knocked on her door. It was strange. Tifa closed her eyes. \"I must be in hell if he's knocking at my door.\" She didn't want to believe that this is happening. He had forgotten her so long ago. He didn't even see her anymore. It was like she was a thing that just happened to live there and nag at him all the time. Tifa hesitated when she heard him knock again. This time, it was more abrupt as if he was nervous. Tifa was about to answer when a thought came across her mind. Tifa flopped back on the bed and turned towards the window. She decided to play his game. She's going to ignore him. Cloud knocked the third time but still no answer. He knew she was awake. Hell, he could hear her sit up and flop back on the bed. She probably thought he doesn't know. Or more like she's playing him. Cloud sighed. He thought about what she said all night long. She must've hurt this whole time, but he never took notice of her. \"What an asshole.\" Cloud cursed himself. She has the right to be mad at him. No. Mad isn't even the right word here. But Cloud didn't want to think of that word at the moment. He wants to change it. He wants to make everything the way she had imagined long ago when she asked for them to be a family. Cloud shook his head. No, he needs to change this. He needs to make everything the way they had imagined things to be. It wasn't just her who wanted a family. He wanted one also. But he was so stuck in the past that he fell to darkness. And it was her who pulled him out each time. But he needs to let her go. Otherwise, he would lose everything. Even Tifa, the only person who stood by him the whole entire time. Cloud leaned his forehead on Tifa's door. She had left so fast last night that it tore him up. He needs to patch things up. She doesn't deserve this. Cloud laughed to himself. He's being stubborn again, putting it all on Tifa again. This isn't really about Tifa. It's about him being the selfish jerk he is. He needs her. He needs Tifa in his life. Otherwise, he would fall into despair again. And if he loses her this time, he'll take the liberty of killing himself without question. He was a wreck anyway. Not being able to do anything by himself other than killing or getting people killed. \"Tifa?\" Cloud had hoped to sound strong, but it came out so weak. \"What a fucking wuss!\" Cloud scolded himself quietly. Now that he thought that, has he always been one? Perhaps he was. He stayed quiet. He can hear her hold her breath for a brief second. \"Should I just walk in? What if she throws a tantrum? Or worse, what if she kicks me out of her life? But if I stay out here, she'll probably think I'm a coward and hate me more. Oh Goddess of Mercy, I seriously do not understand what women wants.\" \"Tifa, I'm coming in.\" Cloud hesitated at first. Tifa is a strong woman. She probably can kick his ass if she really wanted to. He was just lucky he got that mako energy in him. If he walks in there and she does a flying kick at him, he'll probably just let her knock him out. Cloud grabbed the doorknob and turned it hoping it was locked, but it wasn't. He held in his breath as he slowly opened the door. Imagining that she would be on the bed getting ready for the flying kick, he steadied himself. Instead, he walked into a room of darkness with only a little light peeking from behind the curtains. He can see her body feminine body lying on the bed on one side. The thin bed sheet wrinkled as it was wrapped around her tightly as if she was holding on to dear life. Cloud have never seen this side to her. She was always so happy. Always smiling. But she was probably in darkness just like this. Wanting to go towards that light behind the curtains to only find a thin glass separating you from the outside world. Cloud hated himself. He was swallowed by his own grief that he never took care to see how Tifa was holding up. She never showed anyone her grief. So he took it that she was fine. Actually, at one point, he hated how she was so positive even after everything that had happened. But now he knew that she had hurted more than anyone else. Tifa was alone. She lost her mother when she was very young. She lost him when he left to become a failed hero. She lost her father to Sephiroth. She had friends, but she never talked to anyone about how she was feeling. Instead, she took the liberty of cheering everyone up. She was so strong, and so fragile at the same time. She was looking at him to cheer her up. But he was too stupid. Cloud walked slowly towards her, stopping at the foot of the bed. He wasn't sure if he should go to the side she was facing or behind her. He sighed. He has never faced such a tough decision before. Tifa tried to breathe normally. A part of her had wanted him to come in, another part wanted to kick his ass if he did. But she didn't actually expect him to come in at all. It surprised her to the point she didn't know what to do. So she pretended to sleep as if she didn't hear him call her name or enter. What is she going to do now? Sooner or later, she's going to have to face him. Tifa can feel her face burn. This is just so awkward. If only she had held in her feelings last night, they wouldn't be in this situation. What are they going to talk about? Or, the more important question is, can she even talk to him without feeling so ashamed of herself? As Tifa thought about getting up to face him thinking she's going to have to confront him anyways, she felt him get in bed from behind her. Her bed isn't big, just big enough for her to roll from side to side. So the moment he got on her bed, he wrapped his arms around her and brought her in for a hug. He held her tight, but gently. He was breathing down her neck. Half of his face in her hair. His warmth filling her body quickly. She can smell his amazing scent mixing in with hers. For once her whole entire life, she has never felt her face burn like it did this morning. Tifa tried to turn but Cloud held her tightly, taking a big breathe of smelling her hair. \"Don't turn around.\" He sounded so hurt. It was like he had punished himself all night long. Although calm, Tifa can feel his arms shaking. She had seen him get hurt, get desperate, get miserable, but she has never ever seen him so scared. Scared as if this was the last hope for him to keep on living. Cloud rubbed his face in her hair and squeezed her tighter as he took in a big breathe. \"I've been thinking all night long about what you said.\" He stopped. Tifa frowned. Why is he doing this? Why can't he just say \"I'm sorry\" and lock himself away like he always do? This is making Tifa feel bad. Cloud inhaled sharply as if trying to hold in his pride. \"I know the words \"I'm sorry\" won't make up what I put you through. I won't ask for you forgiveness because I don't deserve it. I won't ask you to pretend everything never happened. I confess that I was a selfish jerk. I put my own feelings first without noticing how you were doing. All those times you tried to cheer me up, all those times you've supported me, I never even bothered to thank you. I was going through a depressing state, but that was no excuse to put you in a position to feel like you didn't matter.\" Tifa was feeling shocked by now. \"Cloud, confessing? Now, I am dreaming. This isn't real. He always runs away…But why is he here? Is this really Cloud?\" \"Tifa.\" Cloud whispered her name. \"You did matter. Everything I was going through, you were always there. I just never noticed it at first, but you were always there, pulling me back to reality. I pushed you away so many times, yet you were still there. I was such a fool, Tifa.\" Cloud was almost whimpering now. \"I don't want to lose you too. No, I take that back. I can't lose you, Tifa. You mean too much to me.\" Tifa can feel his grip soften, but stiff. She quickly turned around to face him with his arm still around her. What she saw made her speechless. He was crying, but his eyes never her gaze. Tifa turned her whole body to face him. Without realizing it, she reached up and cupped his face, wiping the tears away with her thumbs. \"Tifa, I know I have no right to ask you to forgive me for what I've done. But I want to ask you something.\" Cloud's eyes were never so serious before, other than when he was fighting with a sword in his hands. Tifa held her breathe. \"Don't tell me he's going to propose! At such a serious and unsettling moment.\" She nodded slightly giving him the 'okay' to ask when he seemed to doubt himself. \"Tifa, I don't want to act as if nothing ever happened between us. I don't want to act as if we're a big happy family. So…\" Cloud hesitated. He looked into Tifa's eyes. Her brown eyes glistened as she waited to hear what he has to say. \"Will you give me another chance to make things right?\" Tifa blinked. She was stunned. More like she went blank. Cloud noticed this and attempted to explain himself. \"Instead of pretending to be a happy family, I want us to be a happy family. I don't want to pretend anymore, Tifa. Please, give me the chance to prove that I've changed. I'm finally home and never leaving again, Tifa. I'll never hurt you again.\" Tifa felt tears flow down her eyes. Somehow, she wanted it to be true. But she knows sooner or later, he's going to regret something and leave again. Tifa sat up leaving Cloud stunned. She shook her head. \"Oh, how I wish that were to be true.\" Tifa buried her face in her hands. \"But I know that one day, you'll leave again with another reason. I can't go through that again, Cloud. I just can't.\" Cloud's heart felt like it was stabbed with a knife. \"Tifa, please. I promise you that this is real. I'm really staying this time. And I'll be here with you forever.\" Tifa chuckled sadly. \"You promise. How many of those promises have you actually kept, Cloud?\" With that, Tifa slid off the bed and walked away. Cloud's heart has been stabbed by a knife and twisted. The pain hurts more than ever. Even more than when Sephiroth stabbed him. Even more than when Zack and Aerith died. But he has to be strong. Tifa deserves more than anything to be happy. And he is going to be the one to grant her that happiness. haha Cloud sounds like such a creep at the ending here. please don't hesitate to write me reviews. I would really appreciate it! Thanks! (^-^)~[Chapter 4] phew! it's been a long time since i looked back at this story. been juggling work and school back and forth. plus i started on some new stories too. but don't worry! this is coming to an end soon. i'm estimating about another 2-3 chapters? i guess kind of depends on how much writing i put in one chapter. Enjoy! Tifa was getting ready to set up for another busy night. She missed the kids. By now, they'd be playing and running around. Their laughter would fill up the silent house. By now, she'd be hearing Marlene calling after Denzel. They'd probably be jumping in the bed. Denzel would be saying serious stuff like \"I want to save the world!\" Tifa sighed. It sure is awkward after that morning with Cloud popping in her room. He practically spent the whole day with her, although he stayed his distance. He helped her with breakfast, washing dishes, cleaning the bathroom, sweeping, pretty much anything that he knows how to do. The only time he left was when he needed to use the bathroom or check on Fenrir in case anyone tried to steal it since there had been many times that happened. Tifa looked up. Across the room, Cloud was putting the chairs down. He did it with so much ease. But Tifa can see the look of despair and disappointment on his face. Tifa tried not to think about it too much. In a couple of hours, 7th Heaven would be open and customers would be pilling in. She can't look like a downright pissed and miserable zombie in the presence of her customers. Suddenly, Tifa heard a thud. Tifa snapped out of it and looked to the source. Cloud had dropped the chair and was now giving Tifa a hard look. Tifa blinked confusedly. \"C-Cloud? What's wrong?\" Cloud stared at her for another minute before taking in a deep breath. Then he marched towards her. He stepped around the bar and grabbed her hand. He dragged her away, but not before she could put down the rag and glass cup. He dragged her out of the store only turning around to lock it. Then they rode out of town on his Fenrir. Tifa wasn't sure where they were going. All she knows is he is upset. Upset enough to ignore Tifa's requests and complaints. He'd never done that before. Well, there were times where he'd ignore her instructions, but never like this. They drove past the desert. They drove past the ruins. They drove past the church. Tifa was a bit surprised at that. Usually, Cloud would slow down a bit to look at it. They went for what seemed like miles. Finally, Cloud stopped by a station to fill Fenrir up. Tifa took a look around. It was in the middle of nowhere. Tifa had never come to this side of the country before. It was still the desert, but with a few trees in the distance. There was only one road heading up and down here. The station had a motel right behind it with a swimming pool. Tifa wanted to go take a look but Cloud urged for them to go on. \"Cloud, what's going on? I need to go back and open the store in time. If we go back now, we'll get there-\" Cloud only shook his head and fixed his glasses. \"Get on. We're not going back.\" Cloud's words were final. Tifa knew that no matter what she said, he's not going to change his mind. Tifa got back on and he drove away again. They drove for another few miles before Tifa began getting upset at his unusualness. \"Cloud, stop!\" Tifa yelled against the fierce wind against them. But Cloud ignored her. He kept driving on. Tifa felt very irritated now. \"Cloud! I said stop!\" When Cloud kept ignoring her, Tifa clenched onto his shirt. \"Fine! If that's how it's going to be.\" Tifa lifted one leg up. She positioned it on the seat and pushed off. She flew backwards doing a back flip in the air and landed hard, but not hurting herself. She can see that Cloud had stopped and turned around. But before she could see what he did next, Tifa started running back to Midgar. However fast she is compared to norm, she was still never as fast as Cloud. It was probably because he is infused with mako energy. Soon, she heard loud footsteps behind her. Then a hand grabbed her arm and pulled her back making her face him. \"What are you doing?\" Cloud said angrily. Tifa flicked his arm off and put her hands on her hips. \"Look, Cloud. I don't know what you're up to but I have to go back.\" Cloud stayed still and only stared at her. She can see his jaw clench. \"If you haven't understand that I'm doing this to feed us, we'll you better start understanding. Oh, wait. I guess you wouldn't understand since you weren't around that much.\" That was when Cloud snapped. He grabbed Tifa by the arm again and pulled her close to him. \"I don't understand? Is this what it means? I've been working to feed us too if you haven't noticed.\" Tifa pulled her arm away again, but failing. \"Yeah, sure. You have been working and sending us money. But what's the point when you're not going to return when you can? Even Barrett, whose thousands of miles away, make time to visit Marlene. I don't see why you can't.\" Then Tifa looked away like she just remembered something. \"Oh wait, I forgot. You're so absorbed in yourself that your depression decided that we're not worth it.\" Tifa snapped at him. Cloud's anger subsided. It hurt. What Tifa said was true, but coming from her mouth, it hurts. He knew from last night that was her thoughts this entire time. But when she actually spoke it, he felt so pained. He loosened his grip on Tifa which gave her a startle. But he didn't look away. Tifa knew she had step over the line with that last phrase. She didn't mean to say it. She was just too angry that it just came out. She wanted to apologize right then and there, but she couldn't find herself to say anything. The look on Cloud's face said it all; she was right. He never looked so sad, so apologetic, and so desperate in front of her, Tifa didn't really know what to do. He looked away as if blinking the tears away. But he still had determination in his eyes. Something Tifa only saw when they were kids and when they were fighting Sephiroth. \"I know no matter how much I say it, it won't heal the scar from the past. So I won't even say it.\" Cloud sighed and turned back to Fenrir. \"I'll take you back. Sorry for taking you out so far. I shouldn't have done that.\" Tifa sighed with a guilty heart. She knew he had just recovered since that last Sephiroth attack. She knew he had just recovered from blaming himself for the death of their friends. It made her itch with disgust at how low she got with him. Tifa shook her head and chuckled. \"By the time we get back, it's going to be late anyways. People are probably not going to show up anymore even if I open the store.\" Then she looked around feeling a bit awkward. \"Well, since we're out here anyways, why don't we just keep going?\" Cloud stopped, but didn't turn around. Instead, he only turned his head slightly. Tifa thought she heard him sigh in agony, but wasn't sure. She started walking towards him when he turned around slightly. \"No, we'll go back. If you think you won't have any more customers coming in by then, then just rest for the rest of the night.\" Tifa felt so guilty. She had crushed him. He was always so sensitive, and Tifa knew that. But she had to be such a bitch about it. She cursed herself silently. She wants to make it up. \"Well, since we're out here, we might as well keep going.\" She paused. \"Where were we going?\" Cloud's eyes lit up. \"I wanted to show you something. And, well…\" Tifa stared at him. He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. \"I thought it would be nice for you to have a few days off.\" Tifa's eyes widened. \"A few days?\" Cloud's face dropped. But Tifa laughed instead and hit him on the arm jokingly. \"You should've told me! I would at least pack some clothes.\" A smile came across his face. A nice, gentle, happy smile. Tifa almost felt like a fool for staring too long. It wasn't something Tifa get to see a lot ever since he left to join Soldier. Well, more like she haven't seen it at all ever since then. Ever since he left, he was like a totally different person. Tifa felt happy inside that he was able to smile again. It was a smile that shouldn't be hidden away. so i didn't know what \"stuff\" Cloud filled Fenrir up with. didn't know if it was gasoline or some weird thing they use in the game. that's why i just left it as \" fill Fenrir up\" lol. how do you like the story so far? good? bad? don't ever write one like this ever again? XD I would really like to know. I've been thinking of writing another story with this genre. please let me know your thoughts! thanks![Chapter 5] I just realized I actually wrote this chapter twice and almost posted it up. so i had to delete the first part of the chapter. basically, the previous chapter continues right into this one. But i didn't want to just fix it cause some of you might not go back to read it and might get confused (cause I don't reread chapters when i read other people's stories lol) Cloud looked away feeling a bit embarrassed that Tifa was staring at him. Tifa felt like creep for staring like an idiot. Cloud chuckled. \"I'll buy you some new ones. Plus,\" he gestured towards Tifa, \"You're basically always wearing the same thing. It's about time you got something new.\" Tifa's face flushed. \"He noticed? OMG! I feel like such a slob!\" She just smiled politely while her chaotic mind was thinking how much she probably smell wearing the same clothes over and over again. \"Well, I don't see you wearing anything different either.\" Cloud smiled. \"I'm a guy. It's okay if we look like hobos.\" Tifa frowned. \"What? Are you trying to say something to me?\" Cloud ran away laughing with Tifa running after him. After Tifa softly punched Cloud on the chest, they got on his bike and drove away. The sun slowly began to set, lighting the sky with red and purple. Tifa looked up to the sky and smiled. The cool breeze flew through her hair and Cloud's scent filled her nostrils. It's been a while since they've been alone like this. \"What are you looking at?\" Cloud yelled over the loud gust of wind rushing past them. \"The sky!\" Tifa giggled. Cloud peeked up not truly understanding why she was giggling. \"The sky? What's so amusing about it?\" Tifa softly squeeze his body against hers. \"You don't remember?\" Cloud stayed silent trying to think about what she was talking about. But nothing came to mind. \"Um, will you be mad at me if I don't?\" Tifa laughed. \"It's the same colors as back then.\" Cloud stayed silent. He still doesn't know what she was talking about. Tifa poked his cheek. \"The first time we defeated Sephiroth. Everyone went their separate ways. We were the only ones behind. And we spent our first night together.\" Cloud's face immediately glowed bright red. Luckily, Tifa was sitting behind him so she probably doesn't notice. That night, many years ago, they defeated Sephiroth. Beneath the airship, underneath the setting sun and starry sky, they stayed together in each other's arms. They kept each other warm. And they talked all night long until one of them drifted off to sleep. Cloud remembered holding Tifa's body close to his. He remembered that strong feeling of wanting to hold her like that forever. When did he forget that? That sensation of her sweet scent filling his nose. Her soft skin tickling against his. Of course, being a man, he had to fight the urge to strip her down then and there. And from after all that fighting, he wasn't sure how she'd handle it if he did. She made him hold her until the sun came back up. But it wasn't like it was against his will. After getting his real memories back, he realized how much he loved Tifa, and still is. Although he admitted to having a strong crush on Aerith, Tifa had been and will always be in his heart. Tifa can feel him tense up and then loosened. She silently laughed to herself. She knew that when she mentioned about that night, he was embarrassed. Honestly, Tifa was a bit embarrassed herself. She remembered when they were holding each other close to keep warm. She snuggled up real close to him as if she'll never see him again after. He held on to her tightly as if letting go would separate them forever. Then, that's when she felt it. She felt the urges to kiss him and explore his muscular body. But she was too embarrassed to do anything and kept to herself. Then she felt his urges against her when she laid across his body and she knew he was fighting it too. She did regret for not initiating contact, but in a way she was relieved she didn't. How awkward would it be right now if she had done so in the past? As they rode towards the setting sun, Cloud slowly came to a stop. He shifted his body so that both of his feet can balance the bike. He took off his glasses slightly and turned to look at Tifa. Tifa stared at him confused. Honestly, they were still in the middle of nowhere except that there were more trees and a big forest came up ahead. Tifa was about to speak when Cloud grabbed her chin and pulled her forward. What he did next surprised her so greatly she thought she was going to have a heart attack. He planted his lips on hers and passionately kissed her. His hand caressed her cheek and grabbed the back of her neck to pull her even closer. Tifa didn't really know what to do. While Cloud was doing all the action, Tifa was sitting there like a dumb duck. Finally, her body reacted while her mind was still in a blank state. Her hands went up to his arm and back, positioning herself comfortably. She returned his passionate and deep kiss. All time seemed to have stopped. Even Tifa felt like her heart stopped too. Cloud finally pulled away and grinned leaving the confused Tifa staring at him. He turned around again, fixed his glasses, and drove away. Cloud smiled the whole time feeling Tifa fidgeting behind him. Now that he found the answer he was looking for, this trip will be very memorable indeed. omg cloud is so sneaky. never knew him to be such as flirt! lol jk jk XD I didn't really intend for this chapter to end like this but i was like \"if i don't spice this up, it's going to be LONG chapters of DRAMA and HURT and everyone's going to get BORED of reading this story. even ME! i was getting bored so i needed to do something lol. well hope you like it so far. so i am getting close to the vacation spot that they are going to. but i really don't know what it should be like cause i've never been to a romantic vacation or whatever. If you have any ideas or suggestions, PLEASE TELL ME! what i have in mind right now is just the beach...old boring beach...yeah... So please! any place you like or would like Cloud and Tifa's romantic getaway. leave a review or pm me. however you like! it's probably going to be a first come first serve cause i need to update this soon. thanks![Chapter 6] Wow! It's been awhile since I updated. I couldn't think of any good getaway vacation spots! XD But I finally came up with one and hopefully you will all like it. =D So in this chapter, it's a bit rushed because I got lazy with the details (plus it's in the middle of the night where I should be sleeping). Hopefully you will like it and ENJOY! Tifa was glad that Fenrir was so loud. Otherwise, Cloud would probably have heard her heart beat so loudly in her chest. She tried to sit further back so that it wouldn't touch his back. She took in deep breathes to try and calm herself. \" Okay, okay, Tifa.\" Tifa thought to herself. \"Come on. What's one little kiss? You shouldn't make that such a big deal, right? Calm down, girl.\" Then Tifa started feeling down thinking about it. \"He probably just did it on a whim. Soon, he's going to forget about it and move on, like he always does. Just forget about it.\" Tifa sighed as she looked up into the darkening sky. \"No more hopes.\" Cloud didn't catch what she said. \"What was that?\" Tifa shook her head. \"Nothing.\" Not too long after, they came to the forest and Cloud still kept going. Tifa looked around thinking that she wasn't familiar with this area. After going for another few miles, they finally came to a clearing. Tifa couldn't see much since it was so dark now. The forest hid the sky too well to have noticed it beforehand. Cloud slowed down and descended down the hill. They came across another clearing with a few houses along the way. Tifa could see some lights inside the houses. But the houses were mainly made from wood. Cloud drove right up to a house at the end of the little village. Tifa couldn't see well but she can hear the sound of the ocean waves. \"Where are we?\" Tifa said as Cloud began to park Fenrir. Tifa quickly hopped off and started to wonder. But suddenly, she felt a tug and turned around to see a smiling Cloud. \"This way.\" Cloud said not letting go of her hand. He led her inside the little house. It was pitch black in there. Cloud turned on a flashlight and walked to where there was a candle on top of a table. He lit the candle up and soon started to fill up the rest of the hidden candles. The crimson light lit up the room revealing a small table with one chair, a doorway leading to what looks like a kitchen, a closed door, and a ladder leading upstairs to the bedroom. \"Um…\" Tifa wasn't sure what to say. \"This was a little place I found during my deliveries.\" Cloud answered for her. \"One of the ladies gave it to me. Said she built it for her son and daughter-in-law when they moved to Midgar before the crisis. I use it every now and then when I get tired on deliveries.\" \"Oh.\" Tifa only managed to mutter. Cloud stared at Tifa as she looked around. At first, she looked amused, but then he could see in her eyes disappointment as her thoughts wondered elsewhere. Cloud didn't have to ask what she was thinking, he already know the answer to that. He looked away and sighed. \"Well,\" he started to break the silence. \"Let me show you around.\" He walked a few steps towards the kitchen. \"This is the kitchen. There's not much since I don't really use it.\" Then he took three steps towards the bathroom. \"This is the bathroom. It's small, but there's a tub, toilet, and sink.\" Then he walked to the opposite end of the room where the ladder was. \"And here's to upstairs to the bedroom.\" \"Wow.\" Tifa only muttered. \"It's, um, really small.\" Then she looked at the floor. \"And made of wood.\" Cloud laughed. \"Yeah. With how far they live away from the cities, and their only resources is from the forest, it's only what they could use. But you'll get used to it in no time.\" Tifa was a bit shocked. \"How long are we staying here?\" He gave her a devilish smile making her blush. \"Long enough. Just count it as your vacation time.\" Tifa pouted. \"I would've prefer a place where I'm familiar with.\" Cloud chuckled and walked towards her. He put his finger on her chin and lifted upwards. Tifa was shocked from his actions that she became stiff. \"Don't worry. I know you'll love this place.\" He leaned closer to her almost touching her lips. Tifa squeezed her eyes shut bracing herself from another heart attack. But instead, she felt his lips kissed her forehead. He moved away and went to a drawer by the wall. He took out some pajamas and towels and handed it to her. \"You can take a bath first.\" He said smiling gently. \"Sorry, I only have my clothes here.\" Tifa dumbly took the items from Cloud and hurriedly to the bathroom and closed the door. Her heart couldn't stop beating so fast. It felt like she had just ran up several buildings. If this keeps going, her heart just might explode. Cloud sank into the bed as he tried to calm himself. With her looking so clueless, he had to withhold his manly desire to ravage her right there and then. She's always so upbeat, sociable, witted, that she has never shown any signs of fault. But seeing her so clueless and out-of-words, this side of her was making him crazy. He heard her turn on the faucet and can hear her taking her clothes off. Cloud tried to think of other things but his mind kept wandering back to her. \"Easy, Cloud. Control yourself.\" Cloud said exasperatedly as he laid down and closed his eyes. Tifa felt warm and giddy after taking a bath. But then she remembered who was outside waiting and she felt nervous all over again. She quickly dried herself and looked at the clothes Cloud gave her. It was a navy t-shirt and black pants. Tifa put the shirt on and it fairly fit her, tightening around her bust and hips. Then she tried the pants on but it was too big and uncomfortable. She took it off thinking she doesn't need it. Luckily, the shirt was long enough to reach her thigh. She cleaned up well and started to dry her hair as she walked out of the bathroom. She couldn't see Cloud anywhere so she began to climb the ladders. As she reached the top, she saw him lying on the bed sleeping. He looked so at peace that she just continued to stare at him. After a while, she finally poked his cheek. \"Cloud.\" He slowly opened his eyes and turned to look at her. She was leaning on the bed with her bottom half sitting on the floor. He returned her smile. \"I'm all done, Cloud. You can use it now.\" Cloud slowly sat up and yawned. Tifa stood up to get the pants that she recently put on the bed prior. Cloud almost let out a gasp when he saw that she wasn't wearing pants. The shirt loosely hugged her hips and bust, revealing a womanly feature. Cloud had to force himself to peel his eyes away from her before she noticed. \"Here, Cloud. These were too big so I can't use them.\" Tifa said innocently as she handed the pants to him. Cloud only nodded. His face began burning as her scent began to tickle him. Tifa noticed Cloud fidgeting. \"Cloud?\" Cloud shook his head. \"Ah, sorry. I'm just a bit tired.\" He quickly stood up and went to the bathroom. Tifa put the towel on the railing and yawned. \"Oh, I'm tired too. I should probably get some sleep.\" Without thinking, she quickly climbed on the bed and fell asleep. When Cloud came back out, he heard her soft breathing. \"Tifa?\" Cloud quickly went up the stairs to find her sleeping comfortably on the bed. He just smiled at her angelic, sleeping face. He quickly dried off his hair and set his towel next to hers. Then he pulled the covers off the bed and gently laid Tifa on the pillow. He pulled the covers up to her chin. He went around the house and blew the candles out before snuggling in beside her. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her forehead before dozing off the sleep. Hehehehe...I can't wait to upload the next chapter! don't worry, I already started writing it. but i just thought it's better to end it here for a cliffhanger lol. update will be soon! I hope XP[Chapter 7] Update! i actually had this done for a while now but just havent had the time to put it up. Enjoy! Tifa has never felt so at peace with herself. She can feel the cool air caressing her bare cheek. The songs of bird filled her ears with harmonious melodies. The cloud-like bed gently caressed her body. The soft touch of skin rubbed against her skin. Everything was perfect. \" Soft touch of skin?\" Tifa suddenly realized. She snapped her eyes open to see a sleeping Cloud besides her. His face was only a mere inch away from hers. His arms wrapped around her torso. Her hand was on his cheek as if caressing him. The shock threw Tifa back so hard she fell off the bed with a loud thump, taking the innocent blanket with her. \"C-Cloud?\" Tifa gasped as she sat up quickly forgetting about the pain. Cloud opened his eyes slowly and sat up. He rubbed it a few times while looking at Tifa as if trying to figure out what just happened. Tifa's eyes widened as she saw his bare, muscular chest glowing in the sun's light as it peeked through the window above. He was wearing the pants that she had returned to him the night before. Cloud gently combed his fingers through his hair. \"What happened, Tifa?\" He said as he yawned. Tifa was in shock as much as she was irritated. \"W-why were we sleeping together?\" Cloud stayed silent. His current state-of-mind wasn't exactly on the same page as to what is happening at the moment. He looked around blinking his eyes to adjust to the morning's light. Then he looked at her with a blank face. \"Because there's only one bed.\" Tifa finally realized that she dozed off without talking to Cloud first about where to sleep. He must've just snuggled in with her without thinking much of it. \"Why didn't you wake me?\" Cloud stared at her. This time his gaze was more focused. \"Because you were sleeping so soundly. You didn't even wake up when I moved you.\" It was shock after shock. \"You moved me?\" Cloud's gaze never changed. \"You were sleeping at the foot of the bed. Of course I had to move you.\" Tifa didn't know what to say. Everything was coming so fast she needed a moment to think. Just then, she noticed Cloud looking away blushing. \"Tifa, before we talk about anything else, I'm going to the bathroom. Please use that time to prep yourself.\" Without saying anything else, Cloud got up and quickly walked to the bathroom. Tifa was left dumbstruck. She didn't quite understand why Cloud was acting strangely. She shook her head and looked down. That's when she realized that her shirt had rolled up revealing her bare lower torso. Luckily, the blanket had covered her naked womanhood. But that didn't mean his imagination wasn't running wild when he looked away. Tifa was so embarrassed she wanted to lock herself up in a box somewhere. She found some extra clothes in the drawer by the bed and quickly changed into them. It was a red short and orange flannel shirt. She folded up the navy shirt and set it on top of the drawer. As she was fixing the bed, she heard the front door open and close. Quickly, she ran to the railing to look but figured that it was Cloud who had gone out. She finished fixing the bed and quickly put her shoes on to go outside. When she opened the door, it was so bright she had to close her eyes. Then she blinked and took it all in. It was magnificent and beautiful. The little village was right next to the ocean. The soft, cool breeze gently caressed her as it pulled her towards the ocean. Tifa turned to look at the village. It was perfectly green everywhere. The village ran uphill gently with no more than a few dozen houses. The brightly painted houses matched the scenery perfectly. Tifa smiled as she just watched the townsfolk going about their gaily life. Cloud walked to the house to see Tifa standing there staring at the ocean. He smiled as he hid the bag he was holding behind him. He walked up to Tifa who showed no concern about his approach. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Refreshed.\" Tifa said as she took a breath. \"I didn't know a place such as this still existed.\" Cloud smiled and looked out towards the ocean. \"Yeah. I was quite surprised myself.\" \"And you hid it from us all this time.\" That came out more hurtful than what she intended. She turned to look at Cloud whose face was no longer smiling. \"Cloud.\" He turned to her and faintly smiled. \"I got something for you.\" He handed her the bag. \"It thought you would like it more than what I have. Although, I don't really mind you using my things.\" Tifa opened the bag and peeked inside. She smiled. \"Where did you get this?\" Cloud turned towards the village. \"There's a little shop here.\" Tifa smiled. \"Thank you.\" Tifa walked inside while Cloud waited. After a moment, Cloud walked towards the beach. He stood by the edge and took a deep breath. He knows it will take a while before he gets her acceptance again. He broke her too many times. But he is willing to fight for it. She is all he has left. He owed her too much. A few minutes later, he heard someone walking up to him. He turned around to see Tifa in a traditional dress. It hugged her body gently as the dress waved in the wind. Her bare thighs glowed in the soft morning light. Her hair was gently tied up in a ponytail. She looked so beautiful. \"How do I look?\" Tifa asked. Cloud smiled. He walked up to her and reached behind her head. Tifa stiffened as Cloud came closer to her. Suddenly, she felt a tug and her hair fell into place. She stared eyes wide at Cloud. He smiled. \"Perfect.\" She couldn't help but blush as he moved away. Not wanting to let him see, she looked away. Cloud stared at her and chuckled. \"If you want me to hold you, just say so.\" Tifa glared at him. \"Who said anything about that?\" Cloud laughed. His laughter melted her heart. Tifa flinched at the warmth of his presence. It was too good to be true. She took a deep breath and calmed herself. After all, this is Cloud. Who know when he decides to isolate himself again? Better to use precaution. Tifa knew she would not be able to stand it if he leaves her once again if she get her hopes up. \"I'm going for a walk.\" Cloud blinked. \"I'll come with you.\" \"No.\" Tifa snapped at him. Cloud stood there shocked as if she had slapped him. She sighed painfully. \"I want to go clear my mind. And with you there, that won't happen.\" With that, she walked away leaving Cloud to watch her cold, fragile back.[Chapter 8] i re-did this chapter cause of some weird grammars here and there while i was reading it. but it's still the same. enjoy! Tifa walked through the forest making sure to stay on the path. It was quiet and peaceful making Tifa feel relaxed. But she kept thinking back to Cloud. She knows he's trying to make everything right again, but she is afraid it will all come to naught. She's afraid to open her heart once again only to have it crushed. When he kissed her, Tifa felt like surrendering to his will and letting him come back into her heart. But she can't. What if he comes back into her life, and then leaves all over again. This time, how long will it take for her to recover? How long will it take her to let all hopes go? How long will it take for her to accept her fate? Even now, she's still trying to accept that he will never love her with his whole heart. \"Aerith.\" Tifa whispered silently. When she met him again years ago, she knew there was something different about him. But when he met Aerith, it was confirmed. He no longer loved Tifa, but Aerith. Tifa was jealous that Aerith was the one who held his heart, but she could never hate Aerith. Even after her death, even after all this time, Aerith still held his heart. There was no more room left for her. He didn't even look at her the same way he did years ago when they were still young. To him, she was just another woman, a friend, in his life. And now, it felt like he's only doing this to make up for the hurt he bestowed upon her. Tifa didn't want that. She didn't want him to love through pity, through a debt he must pay. If he was going to love her, it needed to be sincere, to be honest, to be real. She can't take anything else. Tifa took in a deep breath and sighed. \"I wonder, if I was the one who had died that day, would Cloud had cried for me the same way? Would he blame himself and lived in solitude the same way?\" Tifa stopped walking to hide her tears. \"There's no reason to think like this. You already know the answer, Tifa. Be strong.\" She sniffed back her tears and continued walking. Cloud stayed silent against the tree as Tifa walked away. He wanted to leave her alone to collect her feelings, but something had told him that she shouldn't be left alone. He didn't mean to eavesdrop, and now he regrets it dearly. Now he realizes why Tifa is rejecting him. It made him disappointed in himself. How he had treated her. She was always there, so he took it for granted that she'll never leave, and he ended up hurting her. Yes, it was true he loved Aerith, but that wasn't his true feelings. He was being influenced by Zack's feelings. That day when Tifa jumped into the life stream to save him, he realized his true feelings; he loved Tifa, always have. Yes, he realized he made the mistake of leaving her with the kids to redeem himself. He was afraid because everyone he knew and came to care for died. He was afraid for Tifa's life. What if she would die too if he had stayed with her. If Tifa had died, he would not only grieve for her, he'd go to the underworld with her. After a while when Cloud was sure she's gone, he dragged his feet back to the ocean. He sat down on the beach sand and watched the waves. As he watched on, he felt a strong pull into the other dimension. Sitting beside his right was Zack. Cloud didn't bother to look since he clearly know its Zack. They watched the ocean together. \"Hey. Are you just going to sit there and ignore me? That's cruel.\" Zack spoke after a while. Cloud smiled. \"It's peaceful here.\" \"Oh, changing the topic now?\" They stayed silent for a moment. \"Cloud, what are you going to do now?\" \"I don't know.\" Zack sighed. \"Well, don't even think about coming here yet. We don't have room for you.\" \"Ouch, that's cruel.\" Cloud joked. Zack chuckled. Cloud suddenly felt a presence on his left. Not having to turn to look, he already know who it is. \"Cloud, you really shouldn't have followed her you know.\" Zack spoke. \"Well, I think it's good that you did. Now you know her reasoning for rejecting you.\" Aerith spoke. Zack laughed. \"And what good would that do?\" Aerith pouted. \"Zack, you men don't know anything about relationships.\" \"I know about us.\" Zack stated as-a-matter-of-fact tone. Aerith blushed. \"Zack, just be quiet. Cloud, if you want to patch things up, just talk to her. Don't force yourself onto her, but be gentle with it.\" Cloud smiled. \"Thanks.\" Zack put his arm around Cloud. \"And seriously, you need to start hanging with your real friends. I'm sad to see my old pal still holding onto the past.\" Cloud froze for a moment. Then he turned to look at Zack, who disappeared. Standing a few feet away from him was Tifa. She stared at him with her big eyes as if she didn't know what to do next. \"Um, Cloud. Are you okay?\" Tifa spoke. \"You've been sitting there like a statue. Cloud nodded and stood up. \"Oh, sorry. I spaced out. It's just such a nice view.\" Tifa smiled and looked at the ocean. \"Yes, it is.\" Cloud stared at her. Her hair waved in the ocean air. The mid-thigh dress wavered every now and then. Without realizing it, Cloud closed the distance between them. His lips touched hers gently. His hand held her arms in a soft embrace. Suddenly, Tifa jerked back and she slapped him. \"Stop this, Cloud! Stop doing things so unsightly!\" Tifa held her hand against her lips as she walked away angrily. Cloud put his hand on his right cheek where she hit him. He ran his hand through his hair as he tried to hold back his feelings. He felt like he wanted to cry, not because she slapped him, but because he doesn't know what to do. He stood at that same spot as if watching Tifa walk away a million times in his head.[Chapter 9] Hello! I'm back! I actually had this chapter done for a while. But something was just so off about it I keep having to rewrite it. Sorry for the super long wait XP Enjoy! Tifa felt angry, yet guilty. Yes, she was mad he kept making her feel like there's hope, but she feels guilty because he's trying so hard and she wouldn't let him in. She closed the door behind her and climbed up to the bedroom. She sat on her bed gently as millions of thoughts ran through her mind. Before she knew it, tears ran down her face. She wiped it away as if it would work, but more tears came down. She gave up and cried into the pillow. Cloud came back later to find that she cried herself to sleep. He moved her slightly and pulled the covers up to her chin. He sat there staring at her as she began to whimper in her sleep. Cloud sighed. He rubbed his face and combed his hair with his hands. \"What have I done? What am I doing?\" He felt a drop of tear run down his face. He wiped it away and walked out of the door. When Tifa,woke up, it was already morning. They've been there only for a couple of days, but she felt as though it's been weeks. Cloud was nowhere to be found. There was breakfast left over for her, but she had no appetite. She went to the beach and enjoyed her morning alone. It was definitely a nice place, and she wouldn't mind coming back here to relax. It helped her gather her feelings. \"How nostalgic.\" Tifa turned to the voice. It was an old lady with a cane. She was standing not too far from Tifa. She didn't even hear the old lady come near her at all. The old lady looked at Tifa and smiled. \"Hello, you must be Tifa. My name is Mira Arlington. You can call me Mira. I live just down the road from you.\" She took out her beach chair and set it right beside Tifa. \"You won't mind if I join you, will you?\" Tifa shook her head and smiled. \"Please do.\" Mira took a seat beside Tifa and settled into the chair. \"Ahh, how nostalgic.\" \"How so?\" \"You see, my husband, before we got married. Whenever we would get into huge arguments to the point we wanted to leave, he'd always take me to the ocean. Somehow, it always calmed us. That's why we decided to live here so that we'd never get into those kind of arguments anymore.\" \"That's nice. Did it work though?\" \"Yes, it did. Whenever we would feel upset or angry, we'd take a stroll down to the beach and just stare at the amazing view.\" \"Wow. How sweet. If you don't mind me asking, where is your husband?\" Mira sighed sweetly. \"He passed away years ago. But at least he was able to see his son get married.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" Mira chuckled. \"It's alright, dear. We had our time together.\" Tifa realized something. \"Are you…the owner to this beach house?\" Mira smiled. \"Yes. My husband and I built it before our son's marriage as a present for them. But after my husband passed away, my son and his wife left to live in the cities to start their own lives. That's when Cloud came by with a special delivery. It was as if my husband sent Cloud to me, so I wouldn't be so lonely.\" \"Oh.\" \"Cloud is a sweet gentleman. Just very misunderstood.\" Tifa looked at Mira with confusion. \"What do you mean?\" \"You love him, don't you?\" Tifa blushed and turned away. She sighed. \"But that doesn't matter anyways.\" Mira shook her head. \"And why is that?\" \"Because he doesn't love me the same way.\" \"Are you sure?\" Tifa turned to look at Mira with disappointed eyes. Mira caught the message immediately. \"Oh, I see. So there's another woman involved.\" Tifa didn't have to say anything. Mira read her body language like a textbook. \"But what makes you think he doesn't love you now?\" Tifa buried her face in her arms. \"Because what he's doing now isn't love. He's repaying his debt to me.\" \"Debt?\" Mira raised her eyebrows. \"He's probably thinking that I have been doing so much for him, so he needs to repay me back by forcing himself to love me the way that I want him to. I don't want that. I can't accept that kind of love.\" \"So what do you want then?\" Tifa sighed and stared at the ocean. \"If he wants to love me, he needs to love me. Not by forcing himself through debt or for replacement. I need him to love me for me. To be willing to love me whole-heartedly with no regrets. It needs to be pure, just like how I love him. How I've always loved him. So that's why I can't accept him no matter what. Not until he truly loves me without a burden.\" \"But what if he does already? Maybe he's always loved you, but you just never saw it.\" Tifa looked at her. \"What do you mean?\" \"You two are childhood friends, right?\" Mira spoke. Tifa nodded her head. \"Have you never thought of how long he have loved you for? When did he first fall in love with you? Have you never thought about that? Have you ever gave him a chance to prove it to you? What if he did already, but you just didn't realize it? Think about it, how many times have he been trying to prove to you he loves you? How many times did he suffer to make you happy?\" \"Well…I…um…\" Tifa didn't know what to say. She never really thought about it that way. \"I don't know.\" \"Think about it. And when you come to a conclusion, I really do hope you give him a chance.\" Mira stood up from her seat. She folded her chair and slowly walked away. Tifa sat there staring at Mira thinking about what she just said to her. \"When did he first fall in love with me?\" Tifa thought long a hard about it. She sighed. \"I don't know. Did he ever?\" Tifa stared into the ocean. The gentle waves rolled towards her sending the soft chilly breeze as if calming her. Suddenly, she felt a presence besides her. A very familiar presence. \"Aerith?\" There was no answer. Tifa knew that she was never able to talk to her like Cloud could. He was able to communicate to both Aerith and Zack. He was able to communicate through to the other side. She still didn't understand how he could do it, but somehow he does. Maybe it's the strong connection they have for one another. Tifa sighed and leaned her chin against her knees. \"Aerith, what do I do? No matter how hard I try, no matter how much I endure, no matter how much I wait, I can never fill his heart like you did.\" She sighed again looking up to the azure sky, blinking her tears away. \"He's trying so hard to show me he can do it, but I'm already past the breaking point. I can't move on, but I'm trying so hard to forget. The past makes us who we are, right? But it's breaking me so much I feel like shattering. How do I accept something that isn't genuine? How do I accept him when I know it's going to break him all over again? I can't give him that burden, that debt, that obligation to do something when he's not doing it for himself.\" Tifa buried her face in her arms trying to hide away from the world. She felt the presence embrace her like a small child. It consoled her as if it was there the whole time. Tifa took in a deep breath and looked to the ocean with red eyes. \"You think I should give him a chance, don't you? To prove this is genuine?\" Tifa shook her head. \"I'm scared. I'm afraid to break again…..because….I might not be able to pick up the pieces this time.\"[Chapter 10] Next chapter! This chapter is a bit more intense. So get ready for it! Enjoy! Cloud came back on Fenrir after running some errands for the village folks. He saw her walking around the town in her Sunday dress that he bought for her. She looked gorgeous with that knee high floral dress. She saw him and shyly waved at him making his heart skip a beat. \"Strange.\" Cloud murmured to himself. He drove right by Tifa. \"Hey, Tifa.\" \"Cloud, where have you been?\" Tifa smiled as usual. Cloud was taken aback. He wasn't sure whether her smile was a good sign or a bad one. \"Sorry, but I was running some errands for the village folks. I didn't mean to leave you alone like that.\" Tifa smiled and looked at the ocean. \"It's alright. I was able to reorganize my thoughts. Plus I met the village folks, they're really nice people.\" Cloud smiled slightly. \"That's good to hear. Hop on, I'll take you back.\" Tifa quickly mounted the bike and he drove them back to their little hut. As Tifa got off, Cloud opened the compartments to his swords. Tifa watched as he grabbed what seems like a small present from one of the slots. She looked at the swords he has in there. They were all made specifically for him. It made her think back to when Kadaj and the gang came to attack them. Then she realized something and gasped. Cloud turned quickly to look at her. \"What's wrong?\" Tifa blushed and waved her hands frantically. \"Ah, nothing. Sorry, I was just thinking of something.\" Cloud closed the compartments and turned completely to her. \"What were you thinking of?\" Tifa smiled sheepishly. \"I just realized I haven't told Hunter and Elena that I'm out.\" Cloud smiled. \"You should probably call them. They'll probably be worried.\" Tifa smiled. \"Yeah. I'll go call them right now.\" She quickly ran inside the house while Cloud watched her. He smiled and shook his head and followed after. As he stepped in, he can hear her pacing back and forth upstairs. \"Hey, Hunter. Can you let Elena know that the shop will be closed for a few days? Sorry I couldn't let you know earlier. Something happened suddenly, but I'm alright...I don't know when I'll be back. Maybe a couple days. What was that?...uh…yeah, I'm with Cloud…But how do you know that?...Yuffie? How did she know?... Okay…I guess….What was that? Oh right. You have the keys right? It's in my desk in the right drawer. It's in an envelope with your name on it. Can you give Elena her pay as well?...Thanks. I'll let you know when I'm back. Remember to lock the door on your way out….Okay….okay….sure…thanks for doing that. I'll see you guys soon. Bye.\" Cloud couldn't help but grin at her conversation. He set the present down on the table and waited for her to come downstairs. He went to the kitchen and took out some food for dinner. As he was setting it, Tifa came downstairs confused. \"Hey, Cloud. Did you tell Yuffie we'd be out?\" Cloud nodded. \"Yeah, I told everyone.\" Tifa's eyes widened. \"Everyone?\" Cloud sneaked a peak at her and nodded. \"Yeah, everyone.\" \"When?\" \"The first night that we got here.\" \"But I was with you the whole time.\" \"When you were asleep.\" Tifa's mouth opened, but nothing came out of her. Cloud picked up the chopsticks, grabbed a piece of meat, and put it inside of her mouth. Tifa jumped in reaction while Cloud chuckled. \"I thought maybe you wanted me to feed you.\" Tifa blushed. \"Vhy vould I vant taht?\" Tifa spoke as she chewed. Cloud smiled. \"Come on, let's eat.\" As they were finishing dinner, Tifa started to stare at Cloud. Cloud looked up from his plate and stared at her as well. \"Is something the matter, Tifa?\" He spoke as he raised his glass of water to his mouth. \"Do you want to have sex with me?\" Tifa spoke calmly. Cloud spurt out the water and coughed violently. Tifa stared calmly as he wiped himself with a towel. \"Why did you suddenly ask that? You're not drunk, are you? I don't remember buying any alcohol.\" Tifa only stared at him. \"Well, do you?\" Cloud gaped at her random question. \"Well,\" he started coughing and cracking his neck. He wasn't sure what to say. \"Um…I…well..um…eventually?\" \"Then, should we? We're both adults and the kids aren't around.\" Cloud was shocked to hear these words coming out of her mouth. \"Um…what?\" Tifa stood up and climbed up the ladder gesturing Cloud to follow behind her. Cloud wasn't sure what to do, so he sat there for a few seconds trying to think what is going on in her mind. In the end, he gave up and followed her. She was already sitting on the bed waiting for him. Cloud wasn't sure if he should sit down or not, so he stood there staring at her. \"Tifa, are you alright? Did you get poisoned?\" Tifa shook her head. \"I'm fine. Come sit down, Cloud.\" Cloud hesitated, but he eventually sat down beside her. Tifa scooted closer to him. \"Touch me, Cloud. Make me feel your love.\" Cloud stared at Tifa. He raised his hand up to her face and brushed it slightly. He pulled her chin towards him as he set his lips upon hers. But then, he stopped and backed away. \"I can't.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because I can't love you like this.\" \"Then how will you love me, Cloud? How exactly are you going to love me?\" Cloud turned to her. The calm face she had on before was now enraged. Cloud opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out of him. Tifa took in a deep breath. \"Cloud, do you see now? You can never love me the way you said you would. So why would you force yourself on me?\" As Tifa stood up to leave, Cloud grabbed her arm. \"Tifa.\" Tifa looked at him. With her other hand, she brushed his hand away. \"If you think by forcing yourself to love me will pay your debts, then you can stop. Your debt has been paid a long time ago. I don't need this from you. You're free to do as you wish.\" Tifa slid off the bed and walked around him only for him to pull her back into his arms. Tifa suddenly felt her face being lifted up as his lips aggressively touched hers. She tried to push him back only for him to pin her down underneath him. He kissed her gently, but aggressively. He held her hands down as she tried to fight him off. She felt his tongue touch hers and take her breath away. By the time he backed away, she was gasping for air. Cloud smiled as he lingered on top of her. \"Tifa, please don't tempt me next time. I can't say for sure that I will be able to force myself not to ravage you.\" Tifa bit her lips. \"You…\" \"To answer your questions,\" Cloud cut her off as he brushed her hair from her face. \"I do love you. And I will show you just how much I love you. I will show you what kind of love I want to give you. I know you think I am forcing myself to be the man you wanted me to be, but it's quite the opposite. I'm trying not to force myself on you, because I respect you. I want you to open yourself up to me. I want you to be able to feel that I am serious, and I won't hurt you anymore. That what I am doing now is not so that I can fill up that void you think I have.\" He wiped her lips with his thumb. \"I want you to be able to give yourself to me. And I'll wait for you, no matter how long it takes. Even if it doesn't seem true, I'll be waiting.\" Cloud kissed her lips once more before getting up from the bed. \"You should go take a bath. I'll clean up.\" With that, he climbed down the ladder leaving Tifa breathless. Later, as they were settling in for the night, Tifa felt his body temperature warming her. She can hear his soft breathing as they lay there watching the ceiling window where the stars glowed brightly. \"Cloud, are you asleep?\" Tifa spoke softly. \"No, not yet.\" Cloud shifted his body slightly. \"What's the matter?\" \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Sure.\" Tifa hesitated. \"When did you first realized that you loved me?\" Cloud was quiet, then he sighed. \"I was in love with you when we first met.\" Tifa suddenly blushed. \"What? That young?\" Cloud cleared his throat. \"Yeah, I wasn't able to confess to you at the time. I felt like I wasn't good enough for you, especially after that incident.\" \"Is…is that why you left?\" Cloud sighed. \"Yes. I left so I could become a hero in your eyes. I needed to prove that I was worthy of you.\" Tifa turned her whole body to him. \"Why did you think you weren't good enough?\" Cloud sighed. \"Because I was weak. I couldn't save you many times. I left so that I could become a hero and save you whenever you needed me to. But in the end, it's always you who saved me. It made me realize that the more I try to prove myself, the more I will become a failure. That's why I wasn't able to show myself to you in Nibelhelm before Sephiroth went crazy.\" \"You were there?\" Cloud chuckled. \"Yeah, I was there. I was the soldier who never took off his helmet.\" Tifa giggled. \"That completely makes sense now.\" Cloud chuckled. \"Yeah, I was so pathetic.\" Tifa shook her head gently. \"No, you're not. You saved me many times, probably just not the way you wanted to. But you did. You always came when I needed you most. Somehow, you were able to do just that.\" \"But I still disappointed you. Made you lose hope.\" \"Well, yeah. There's that too.\" Cloud smiled. \"Can I tell you something?\" \"What?\" Cloud hesitated for a moment. \"I did love Aerith.\" Cloud spoke honestly. Tifa was silent. Cloud held her hand to reassure her. \"But not like that. At the time, I was amazingly confused. Somehow, Zack's thoughts and feelings were infused in me. It made me believe that I was deeply in love with Aerith. She even mentioned that I was very similar to Zack. When I fell into the lifestream, it all made sense. I loved her, but not the way I thought I did. It was you all along. It's always been you in my heart.\" Tifa blushed at his sincere confession. \"I see.\" Cloud shifted his body so that he'd be leaning over her. \"Tifa, I love you with all my heart. Always have and always will. Will you believe and accept me? Even after all that I've put you through?\" Tifa looked away and took a deep breath. \"I don't know…I'm still so confused by all of this.\" Cloud smiled and kissed her forehead. \"It's alright. I'm not rushing you. Go to sleep now.\" Cloud settled back in. The next day, Cloud was feeling satisfied. Maybe after last night, Tifa will be willing to open up to him more. If he had known this would work, he would've confessed to her ages ago. He stood on the beach watching the waves roll in and out. Mira came by and joined Cloud. \"Good morning, Cloud.\" Cloud turned to her and smiled. \"Good morning, Mrs. Arlington.\" She poked him with her cane. \"I told you to call me Mira.\" Cloud smiled as he rubbed his arm. \"Sorry, Mira.\" \"Let me guess, you got lucky last night.\" Cloud smiled embarrassed. \"It's not like that. We just had a talk.\" Mira eyed him devilishly. \"Right, a talk.\" Cloud grinned. \"Nothing happened…yet.\" Mira laughed. \"Alright, alright. I'll believe you this time.\" Mira sighed and stared at the ocean. \"I bet you'll be able to let go now, huh?\" Cloud stared at the horizon as well. \"Let what go?\" \"The other woman.\" \"Hmm.\" Cloud thought to himself. \"What's there to let go of? No matter where I am, no matter what I do, she'll always be a part of me.\" \"Why do you keep holding onto the past?\" \"It's because of her that I'm where I am right now.\" \"But you have Tifa now. Why do you still need her ?\" \"Tifa is Tifa. Yes, she's the one that I love. But Aerith is special to me. And I can't just forget her like that. Not after all we've been through together. She holds a special connection to me.\" Cloud and Mira suddenly hear something drop behind them. They turned around to see Tifa with wide eyes and a pale face. Tears running down her face as she stared at him with disbelief. \"Tifa.\" Cloud spoke. Tifa jerked back and quickly ran away. Cloud was about to run after her when Mira stopped him. \"If you want to be able to live happily with the woman you love, you need to be able to let go of the past. If not, you'll hurt her more every time.\" Cloud stared at Mira who silently walked away. He looked at the bags that Tifa dropped. He picked it up and headed to the house. Once inside, he put the bags on the table and he sat on a chair with his head hung low. \"What am I doing wrong?\" \"You're doing everything wrong.\" Cloud opened his eyes to see a familiar bright place. He can feel someone sitting behind him. \"I don't understand.\" \"Just like the old lady said. You need to let us go.\" Cloud sensed a female presence sitting on his right. \"But, if I do, that means I'm choosing to forget about you.\" \"Stupid Cloud. You're not forgetting us. You'll never forget us.\" \"In order to live for the future, you need to let go of the past, Cloud.\" She spoke. \"You need to forgive yourself.\" Cloud blinked. \"Didn't I?\" The male voice spoke. \"If you did, you wouldn't still be talking with us.\" Cloud turned around, but he was brought back to reality. \"Live for the future, let go of the past.\" Tifa ran for what seemed like miles before she realized she was lost in the forest. Tears streaming down her face as she recollected what she had heard before. \"But Aerith is special to me. And I can't just forget her like that. Not after all we've been through together. She holds a special connection to me.\" Tifa wiped her tears away. \"I knew it. I can never replace you.\" Tifa couldn't wipe her tears fast enough, but she knew she had to go. There was no more point in her staying. She continued to walk in the direction she thought they came from. Cloud tried to follow in her footsteps, but no matter how much he ran, he couldn't find her. \"Tifa!\" Cloud yelled as loud as he could in the darkening forest. He had spent almost the whole day looking for her. He knew she didn't know the way out, he would've seen her when he drove out of the forest into the desert. Just as the setting sun disappeared and storm clouds gathered, Cloud heard a soft whimper. He quickly ran towards to source to find Tifa crouched down beside a tree. \"Tifa!\" Cloud ran to her as fast as he could. Just as he grabbed onto her and pulled her to her feet, she pushed him away. It began to rain. \"Leave me alone!\" Tifa screamed. Cloud was shocked, but knew that was bound to happen. \"Tifa, I can explain.\" \"Save it! I don't need any more of your explanations. I'm done. Take me home.\" Tifa cried as she looked down, letting the rain hide her tears. \"Tifa.\" \"I can't do this! I knew it. I knew that you still loved her, and yet you lied to me. You gave me hope that this was going to work. That what you had for me is the truth. You lied to me!\" \"Tifa, I didn't lie to you. I love you, Tifa.\" \"NO!\" Tifa screamed. \"I won't accept it! I'm not about to become your rebound so that you can forget about her. I'm not that low and desperate as you think I am.\" Cloud was shocked to hear what Tifa thought about all this. He wasn't able to say anything. It wasn't true, but he couldn't find any words to console her. \"We're done, Cloud. No more. I want to go home. Please, take me home, Cloud.\" Tifa cried as she fell to her knees and begged him. Cloud could do nothing but watch her cry in front of him. Why Mira? Why you gotta be so damn nosy?! Leave them alone! LOL Sorry but I just couldn't let it end just like that. But don't worry, it'll all work out. ;D[Chapter 11] If you had read the last chapter from before I messed it up, yes, I did change the ending a bit. Well...by quite a lot. I didn't really like the way I ended the chapter before. And originally, this is more of what I was thinking of ending the story. I hope you like this version better! =D It has been a few weeks since they rode back into town. Whenever asked, Tifa refused to talk about it either by changing the subject or completely ignoring it. When Yuffie first came by bouncing in, she soon left as gloomy as ever. And every time she did drop off Cloud's orders, she had that look of pity written all over her face. Tifa still refused to talk to Cloud, or even spend a moment alone with him. As soon as she realized they were alone, she'd walk right out whether she had something to do or not. It went on like this for weeks. Denzel and Marlene noticed the strange atmosphere as well. It felt extremely uncomfortable watching the two adults having a mental fight without saying or doing anything at all. Eventually, they spent most of their day playing outside or in their rooms to avoid awkwardness between Tifa and Cloud. If not, they'd spend the night at someone's house. Tifa noticed Cloud starting to distance himself and hiding away in the garage doing who knows what. She thought about talking to him again, but she couldn't find herself to say anything whenever she had the chance. By the time she knew it, she'd be walking out of the room every time he comes in. She felt extremely guilty about it, knowing full well that Cloud was trying his best. Deep in her heart, she knew Cloud was eager to win her favor, that he was actually sincere when he confessed to her. But her stubbornness and guilt was overflowing that she could not come to forgive him. Tifa watched as Cloud left the clean, empty room as Hunter and Elena continued their duties. As soon as Hunter put the broom away, Elena also finished the dishes. Hunter came bouncing up to Tifa who was still staring at the space where she last saw Cloud. She didn't even realized what Hunter was saying until Elena put her hand on Tifa's shoulder, making her jump. \"Woah, you okay, Tifa?\" Hunter spoke surprised at her reaction. Blushing, Tifa nodded and sighed. \"Yeah, I'm okay. Sorry about that. Dozed off a little.\" Elena and Hunter looked at each other. Elena gently brushed her red hair away from her face. \"You know, you haven't been yourself lately. Anything we can do to help?\" Tifa looked up back to where Cloud's afterimage repeated in her mind. \"No, nothing. You can be done for the night.\" They stared at her for a moment. Hunter flicked his copper hair away and headed to the closet to retrieve their jackets. Elena leaned in and put her hands on Tifa's. \"You know,\" Elena spoke softly in a whisper, \"somethings become better if you speak your heart. If you hide it, you'll eventually lose your most important treasure.\" Tifa turned to Elena surprised at her advice. Elena smiled gently. \"Go talk to him. Even if words can't come out, actions will. He'll understand.\" Tifa smiled warmly and put her hand on top of hers. \"Thank you, Elena.\" Tifa watched as the two left the bar, leaving Tifa all alone. Tifa tried to listen to the footsteps of the children, but then remembered that the children are staying at Yuffie's this time. She felt guilty making the children feel involved in their silly quarrel. She needed to make up with Cloud, bring everything back to the way it was. Tifa paused. \"Do I really want everything back to the way it was?\" Tifa thought to herself. Back to the way how they pretended to be a happy family, back to just ignoring each other's feelings in the hope of being happy. She sighed as she turned off the lights and headed upstairs. She wanted to take a bath, but somehow her legs carried her to the Cloud's room. She lingered there longer than she had expected. Since they've come back, she moved out of their shared room to the smaller guest room. There was just no use in sharing rooms anymore, or so she thought. She found Cloud's lingering scent too familiar as she tore herself away. She found Cloud in his study and sighed before knocking on the door, not knowing exactly why she did so. Cloud turned around from whatever he was doing and calmly looked to Tifa. They stared at each other for a brief moment before Tifa turned her eyes away. Cloud bit his bottom lips and looked down. \"Is something wrong, Tifa?\" \"Oh…no…it's nothing…\" Tifa didn't know what to say, nor what she was doing there. \"Okay…It's getting late. You should probably take a bath.\" Cloud spoke as he turned back to his paperwork. Tifa stared at his slim, broad back. He has aged greatly over the past few years. She thought about when they were young, how childish he had always been. Even when they met again years later, he still seemed childish to her. She always felt the need to guide him, to be someone he could count on. But, unbeknownst to her, he had already become a full adult. She had been watching him lead more and more. Before she knew it, she began to only watch his back as he faced his fate. Although years had gone by, she continues to watch only his back, never facing him head on. This is still something she doesn't quite understand why. She should be able to face him now, yet she finds herself afraid of knowing what the outcome is. \"Tifa?\" Tifa snapped out of her trance to see Cloud staring at her worried from his work desk. \"Ah, sorry. I sort of…dozed off.\" \"Are you okay?\" Tifa nodded. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Then remembering something, Tifa giggled which made Cloud surprised. \"I just remembered how you were the one that used to daze off all the time.\" Cloud looked away and stayed quiet while Tifa stared at him, waiting for a response. The awkward chill in the air never seemed to waver the moment Tifa stood by the door. Just as Tifa was about to leave, Cloud spoke. \"I…I haven't…them…\" Tifa turn to look at him. \"What?\" Cloud sighed. \"I haven't been able to talk to them lately.\" He looked at Tifa softly with sad eyes. \"Live for the future.\" He whispered these last words before turning back to his work. Tifa stared at his back once more. She knew exactly what he was talking about. He once told her that sometimes he was able to communicate with \"them\" during the Geostigma infection. At that time, he wasn't able to forgive himself for their deaths and continuously blame himself. He wasn't able to let go of his past, his guilt, and his mistakes. Tifa can remember sometimes hearing him silently cry at night, as not to wake her. Even if she knew at that time, there was nothing she could do about it but to move on. Then Tifa realized something. \"Live for the future?\" Maybe, the one who couldn't move on wasn't Cloud, but Tifa all along. Although he went through a depression stage, he finally accepting his fate and moved on. But Tifa still couldn't. She couldn't forget the villagers, including her father, who was killed in Nibelheim, by Sephiroth. She couldn't forgive Shinra for draining the Life Force. And she couldn't forgive Cloud for making her wait so long. She always thought she was the strong one, the one who could forgive and forget, but she wasn't. She had continuously support Cloud through his worse that she didn't realize she was falling behind. She realized that Cloud had been there for her more than she thought. What a fool she was! A tear slid down her face as she finally realized her true feelings. She's been bottling it all up helping everyone else that she forgot to help herself. She felt incredibly stupid as she silently wiped away her tear. Setting aside her stubbornness, she finally understood what Cloud meant when he said Aerith was a part of him, just as she is a part of Tifa. Just like how everyone is a part of her, whom made her who she is today. Just as he said, he wasn't using her as a rebound, but a love that he was never able to fulfill before. She smiled as she watched Cloud continue his work. Cloud noticed that Tifa was still lingering by the doorway. As he was about to turn around again, he felt slim arms wrap around his neck from behind. Her sweet smell gently immersed in his personal bubble. He stiffened at her gentle touch as she gently hugged him, letting her hair fall loosely on his shoulder. \"T-Tifa?\" Cloud gasped stunned at her action. Tifa sighed deeply. \"I'm sorry, Cloud. I should've realized sooner.\" Cloud was confused and still flabbergasted. \"Realized what?\" \"Face me, Cloud.\" As soon as he felt her arms loosen, he swing his chair to face her, only to be met by another heart stopping action from her. Her soft lips locked in place with his. Her eyes closed showing the length of her lashes. Her majestic smell now enchanting his pounding heart. Cloud could only stiffen with shock, not able to respond correctly. Tifa lifted her face from his with a slight blush. She held her breath waiting his response, but he was too much in shock that he only stared at her wide-eyed. Tifa laughed at his expression. \"What's with that face?!\" As much as she was laughing, Cloud was still very confused at what happened. He stared at her, watching her laugh while holding her stomach. As soon as she was done laughing, she smiled gently at Cloud, but as Cloud was still in shock, her smile soon faded. She began to feel stupid, thinking that maybe Cloud has already moved on from her . She may have realized her true feelings too late. And he may be in shock due to his feelings for her already diminished. \"Uh…\" Tifa began fidgeting, \"well, I guess that was unnecessary. Um…\" Tifa started blushing, and tears started building as millions of scenarios flew through her thoughts. \"Well…um…I…uh...I guess I…um…I should go…\" Tifa turned around quickly blushing with embarrassment and stupidity. Taking only two steps, Cloud quickly jumped up from his chair and grabbed her hand before she could leave. He pulled her into his embrace, thinking that maybe, just maybe, this was okay now. \"I…uh…I'm not dreaming, am I?\" Cloud spoke after a moment as Tifa gasped for air. He loosened his grip on her and held her shoulders. \"This is real, right?\" \"Cloud?\" He embraced her once again and sniffed her hair. Once he calmed down, he took in a deep breath and kissed her head. \"Tifa, tell me what this is about. I want to make sure I got the message correctly this time.\" Tifa lifted her head up to look at him. She cupped his slim, aging face and smiled. \"I love you, Cloud. And I'm sorry for being so stubborn before. For not accepting you, and pushing you away. In reality, I was pushing myself away. I couldn't forgive myself, for everything that had happened up to now. But now I know what's really in my heart. I'm sorry. I love you.\" Tifa said with tears rolling down her face. Cloud smiled for a brief second before kissing her passionately as if his life depended on it. Tifa gasped for air in between as her knees weakened at his hot, blazing, passionate kiss. Cloud pinned her against the wall and continued to take in everything of hers. She is finally his, and he has never been happier than this moment. Tifa moaned as Cloud's tongue pushed through her lips, kissing her sweetly. Cloud backed away for a brief moment to look at Tifa's hazy eyes. Her red face and panting breaths made Cloud dizzy and full of excitement. He locked lips with her once more before kissing her neck, taking in her sweet fragrance. Tifa let out a soft moan as Cloud made his way back to her lips. His hands ran from her neck down to her waist and back up, as if he was making sure she was still there. Cloud finally stopped and held her in his arms once more, both panting from excitement. Before feeling too excited, Cloud kissed her forehead and pulled away from her. He locked eyes with her, watching her rosy cheeks and hazy eyes trying to focus. He smiled as she blushed looking down. He cupped her face and made her look at him once more. \"Tifa, are you willing to accept me? Can I really have your acceptance?\" Tifa let out a small laugh as Cloud rested his forehead on hers. \"Yes, Cloud. You have my acceptance. I love you.\" Cloud smiled widely as he pulled her in for one last kiss. \"I love you too, Tifa.\"[Chapter 12] Tifa woke up early feeling refreshed. After their exchange last night, Cloud made her take a bath, saying things like he wouldn't be able to control himself. Tifa didn't quite understand what he meant by that, but it didn't sound like it was going to be pleasant. Even so, she thought that maybe they could share rooms again, but Cloud was very insistent that they stay in separate rooms, even if now their feelings are reciprocated. After using the washroom, Tifa went to look for Cloud, but he wasn't in his room. Thinking that he probably stayed in the study last night, Tifa went to make breakfast. Taking her time, she thought of all the events leading up to now. She still feel incredibly stupid for not accepting herself all this time. Especially at how she led herself to live a lie, a pretend life, all this time. Cloud knew what Tifa was going through, but as he was having trouble himself, he couldn't help but allow her to live a lie even if he knew it would all blow over one day. Tifa smiled as she thought how manly he is now compared to back then. Even though he may not be considered a hero to everyone else, to her, he is the only hero. As soon as breakfast was done, she gaily set the table and jumped up the stairs to the study. But to her disappointment, he wasn't there. \"That's odd. Where did he go?\" Tifa jumped down the stairs with a long jump and quickly went to the garage. But he wasn't there either. Feeling a bit frustrated and worried, she quickly ran up the stairs to the children's room. She searched everywhere, but found him nowhere. She soon started to panic. \"Don't tell me…no, he wouldn't…he doesn't have a reason to…\" Tifa searched for her phone. \"Oh please, tell me that wasn't a dream. It was real. It was real.\" Tifa found her phone and quickly dialed his number. She stood in front of the mirror and saw the mark he left on her neck. \"It was real.\" The call went to his voicemail. Tifa quickly ended the call. She started pacing back and forth, panicking. \"What do I do? Calm down, Tifa! Don't assume. Don't jump to conclusions. Don't be stubborn.\" It was a little past noon by the time Cloud realized how late it was. He jumped from his work and quickly looked at his phone. Fifty-seven missed calls, but no voicemail from Tifa. Cloud cursed himself as he realized he forgot he had it on silence since the night before and quickly dialed Tifa's phone, but it went to voicemail. \"Damn!\" Cid appeared from the other room. \"Hey now, only I get to curse.\" When he noticed that Cloud wasn't even paying attention, he picked up a rag and threw it at Cloud. Cloud turned to look at him surprised. \"Don't keep the missus waiting. I'll bring it over later.\" Cloud smiled and took off his gloves. \"Thanks, Cid. I owe you one!\" Cloud quickly got on Fenrir and drove home. It wasn't long before he pulled into the driveway and entered the garage. He jumped off his bike and flew into the bar. It was dark and empty. Just as he was about to go up the stairs, Tifa appeared at the top with red eyes. It burdened his heart to know that he made her cry. \"Tifa…I…\" Cloud started speaking but Tifa turned away and went to the washroom. Cloud quickly ascended the stairs and knocked on the door. \"Tifa? Are you okay?\" He heard a silent sniff from the other side. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I'll be right out.\" Cloud waited patiently in the hallway while Tifa took her time. As soon as she opened the door, Cloud bounced up to her. From her face, he could tell she was upset and crying. While in the bathroom, she must've washed her face to hide it. \"Tifa.\" Cloud whispered. Tifa hesitated to look at him, but met his eyes. She opened her mouth, but closed it again not wanting to say exactly what Cloud knew she wanted to say. Cloud pulled her in for a hug, feeling her resistance. \"I'm sorry, Tifa. I must've made you worried. I'm sorry.\" Tifa shook her head, but Cloud can feel her tremble as she held back her anger. \"Say it, Tifa. Tell me how you feel right now. Don't keep it all bottled up. Tell me, Tifa.\" Tifa started sobbing as she shook her head. She buried herself deeper into his arms. Cloud squeezed her gently knowing how scared she had been. She probably thought he left her again. \"Tifa, talk to me. Please.\" Tifa clenched his back shirt and pulled him as close to her as possible. Then she screamed into his chest everything she wanted to say without a coherent word to him. Even though he couldn't comprehend a single thing from her screaming, he understood her completely. After she was done letting it out, he lifted her face to meet his. \"Feeling better?\" Cloud grinned at seeing how red her face had become. He couldn't help but think how cute she is at this moment. Tifa nodded and looked down. \"I need to go wash my face. And probably your shirt too.\" Cloud chuckled as he gently bumped his forehead against hers. \"Don't mind my shirt. As long as you're feeling better, that's all that matters.\" Cloud spoke as calmly as he could. He kissed her forehead gently. \"And again, I'm sorry for just leaving without a word or call. I was occupied with something and by the time I realized, it was already this late.\" He lifted her face by her chin. \"By the way, for future references, never, ever, ever , again think that I left you. Next time, I promise you that you'll get punished if you think of that again.\" He wiped her cheeks from the tear stains. \"But this time, this'll have to do.\" He kissed her lips gently. After Tifa came out of the washroom, she found Cloud in his study talking on the phone. He seemed hyped about something and hung up as soon as he heard Tifa walking in. He gleamed at her and pulled her into a hug as soon as she was within reach. Tifa wasn't quite sure what he was happy about. \"Cloud, who was that on the phone?\" Cloud grinned. \"You'll see. As for now though…\" Cloud kissed Tifa passionately making Tifa dizzy with excitement. He pinned her against the wall as soon as her knees buckled from his weight. He held onto her hand as he continued to ravish her with hot kisses. Tifa suddenly felt something strange against her as Cloud continue to close the distance between them. As soon as they heard a roaring of an engine, Cloud backed away and kissed the back of her hand. \"Sorry, I got a bit carried away.\" Cloud spoke as the pink left his cheeks. \"But, I have something for you.\" Cloud held her hands and led her down the stairs, and out the front door. As soon as they stepped out, Tifa felt a surge of shock as she can see everyone standing outside from Vincent to Hunter and Elena. \"Surprise!\" Everyone shouted together. Tifa was a bit shocked and turned to look at Cloud, who only looked satisfied. Denzel and Marlene ran up to Tifa and hugged her. \"Tifa! Surprise, surprise! Are you surprised?\" Marlene shouted. \"Uh…yeah. I am.\" Tifa answered while smiling at her. Denzel looked to where Cloud and Tifa were holding hands. \"Look! They finally did it! Cloud and Tifa finally got together!\" He shouted with joy while Marlene jumped up and down screeching with excitement. Feeling embarrassed, Tifa tried to pull her hand away, but Cloud wouldn't let go. He intertwined their fingers and kissed her hand. \"What's wrong? It's the truth, isn't it? They're going to know sooner or later.\" Cloud grinned devilishly as Tifa blushed from embarrassment. Before she could say anything, he led her to the group. They parted ways to show the present Cloud had for her. Tifa couldn't believe her eyes. Behind the group was a colorless truck, it was something she had wanted for a long time aside from the colorless part. She looked at Cloud who just smiled. \"Happy birthday, Tifa. I hope you like the present I made you.\" \"You made this?\" \"Of course he did. He wanted to make it a surprise for you. Making me carry heavy things back and forth.\" Yuffie chimed in. \"And I helped.\" Cid sneered. \"Of course, we would've been able to put the paint on but Choco head there decided to take you out on a trip instead. So this'll have to do for now.\" Tifa was so happy. \"Thank you, everyone. Thank you for….\" Tifa realized something and turned to Cloud. \"Happy birthday?\" Cloud smiled and nodded. \"It's your birthday today, isn't it?\" Tifa blinked at him. \"What? No, it's not.\" \"What? What do you mean?\" Tifa looked at everyone who seemed equally as confused before turning to look at Cloud again. \"My birthday isn't until next week.\" \"What?!\" Everyone shouted. Yuffie bounced up to Tifa. \"Are you sure?\" \"Yeah. It's only the 23rd today. Mine's not until the 3rd of May.\" Everyone looked at Cloud with flaring eyes. Everyone started shouting at how he could've gotten that wrong. Tifa laughed at everyone. Suddenly, she felt a pair of ethereal hands gently holding her from behind. Her non-existing warmth held her so gently, like she would've done so if she was truly there. \"It's been a while, Tifa. I'm so glad I can finally talk to you, even if this is the last time.\" A soft voice spoke. \"But you're okay now, right? Live happily, Tifa. I'll always be watching over you.\" The voice, softer than before, chimed happily. \"Oh, by the way, happy birthday. Even if it's a week early.\" A soft chuckle. \"Take care of that idiot.\" Tifa smiled warmly as she felt the ethereal presence fade away. \"Thank you, Aerith. For everything.\" The End. Well, I just wanted to say thank you to all those that supported me with this story. Thank you to everyone who left me reviews. Those were very helpful in keeping me motivated to continue writing. I hope you all enjoyed reading this as much as I wrote it. Thank you 3 ","Summary":" So here's a little story I came up with. I was watching AC and thought \"what happens now?\" So thi"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Puge: Rerun","Author":"PJO66","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11342881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The purge. Rerun Chapter. 1 I woke up, the sun shining through the window. I got up and tossed on some clothes. \"Alex, time to go\" my brother Brandon yelled. \"Crap\" I muttered. Today was the first day of our drum practice was and we didn't need to be late. I trudged down stairs and got some breakfast. 10 minutes later my brother was driving us down the road listening to \" killer queen\" by Queen when it shut off and a ladies voice came over the radio: \" Attenion all citizens. With all the problems the government is having, 'till July 1 the govenment is shutting down till further notice thank you.\" with that the voice shut off. Then out of nowere a silver F-1 50 slamed into the hood of the car. \"Holy crap\" I yelled our car spun and slamed into a pole I kicked my door open and looked around cars were wrecked all over the place. \" Dangit\" I muttered. I looked into my car. My brother's head was slumped to the side, a gash across his forehead. I took a peice of paper and scribbled a note. I left it in the car.I glanced over the F-1 50 was in a ditch and the driver looked ticked, so I did the most likely thing: I took of running, hoping someone could find my brother and help him. 3 days later. June 30 I crouched behind a wrecked car and checked my bow again, making sure nothing was broken. I hadnt been able to reach any of my family. Acording to the lady the whole thing was suposed to be over tomorrow. Then out of nowhere a scream pierced the air. I grabed my bow and took off aftee the scream I rounded the corner and saw four men all armed with knives approched what looked like a teen boy and his sister but i cuoldnt tell. I rasied my bow and fired one arrow it slammed into the first mans leg knocking him down he muttered somthing under his breath. I darted foward striking out with the palm of my hand hitting the second man in the chin he stumbled back. I yelled at the younger kids \"Get the hell out of here!\" the kids darted away and i put my fist into the last man's belly. He fell backward and I took off after the kids. When we finaly stopped running I adressed the kids. \" what are y'all's names\" I said. \" I'm Mathew and I'm 13\" the bow pipped up entergeticly \"I'm Kylee and I'm 16 and a half\" she said \"Well I'm Alex and im 16, so are y'all siblings\" I asked \"Yeah\" Kylee said.. \"Hey you!\" a voice said. We turned to see two of the men approching \"Crap\" I muttered A/N Sorry for the slow start in the begining hope you enjoyed it! Please review suggestions! Please review[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Run\" I said and me, Mathew, and Kylee took off running. We only stopped running when we could no longer here the men's swearing. Kylee was the first to stop. She looked at me \" why were those men so intent on chasing us\" she asked. \"Well\" I said sitting down \" we are in a purge which means: no government, no laws, so those men could do anything to you and get away with it\" \"Can you help us?\" Mathew said. \"Stop pestering him\" Kylee said as she sat cross legged on the floor. \"No\" I said \"it's okay I'll help\" \" Awesome\" Mathew yelled. \" not so loud!\" I cautioned. Kylee walked over \" What's your plan?\" \"well my plan is to survive the rest of today, because if the lady said it right, this whole thing ends tomorrow\". \"Oh\" Kylee remarked \"yah, do any of you have a radio?\" I said. \"Yah\" Mathew said it' s at our camp\" \" okay\" I remarked \" lets go to your camp\" 2 hours later we arrived at thier camp. \"Can I see the radio?\" I said \" sure\" Mathew handed it to me. I messed around with the buttons. Then a crackely voice came over the radio \"If anyone is getting this, this is a Code Red Emergancy. The US is being invaded. Please stay home.. We curently don't know who, or why, but you are advised to seek shelter Immedat-\" The voice stopped and all we heard was static. \"Damn\" I muttered. \"Okay new plan someone has invaded our home. We need to make a supply run. Does anyone know of a close store?\" \" There is a Walmart down the road\" Kylee said. \"That is good, I guess let's go\". I pulled my bow out as we approached walmart. \"Stay close\" I warned the others \"okay\" they replied. I stocked up on more arrows and got a knife while Mathew and Kylee got a pistol each. Then we stocked up on the necessary items we needed. July 1 I woke with a start and glanced around. Something was here. What had woken me up? A shadow moved to my right. \"Get up everybody\" I half yelled, half whispered, not wanting to draw to much attention to myself. Kylee and Mathew snapped awake, as 15 men with guns burst into the camp. I grabed my bow, and arming it, let a arrow fly. It embedded in a man's chest; he fell to the ground. \"Run and get out of here!\" I hollered \"I'll try to meet you somewere else\" \" Why?\" Kylee questioned. \"Just go!\" I responded. Mathew and Kylee obeyed, taking off with their weapons. I faced down the men. I wasn't sure why I didn't ask them to stay behind for backup. Somehow, I felt like I needed to protect them \"I'm so screwed\" I muttered to myself. I shot three more arrows, each hitting thier targets. I turned and ran after the others, bullets hitting all around me. I saw Kylee and Mathew up ahead still running. I pulled a arrow back and shot it it hit the lead man in the head taking him down. On the men's helmets were symbols that I coudn't make out. I kept running down the street. I had to turn on another street to distract the men from my new companions. Roughly 10 minutes later, I found myself in an alley way, cornered by 5 men. \"Crap!\" I said. Just then, I heard Kylee's and Matthew's voices. I reached for an arrow, but my quiver was empty. I cursed. The attackers grinned. I held up my hands in surrender. One thug came over to restrain me. I noticed a knife strapped to his waist. When he stepped close enough, I lunged for the knife, snatched it and held it to the man's neck. \"Drop your weapons.\" I ordered. To my surprise, they did. Without wasting a minute, I stabbed my enemy, grabbed his gun next, and shot the rest. If it hadn't been self-defense, I would have felt guilty. But, I had to survive. Meanwhile, Kylee and Mathew had finally stopped running. \"Whre is Alex?\" I heard Mathew ask. \"I don't know, Mathew, he could be anywere\" Kylee replied. \"Or, he could be dead\" a voice said and two men came around the corner, smirking. Thier guns were pointed straight at Kylee. Thankfully, they hadn't seen me. The first man suddenly jerked and fell to the ground, an arrow in his back. The other man turned around and was shot in the chest. \"What the-\" Kylee exclaimed. I stepped from the shadows \"you guys run to slow\" I said \"Sorry\" Mathew said. \"It's fine, but we need to get out of these alleys. Too many places to be caught by surprise.\" I reccommended. Later, I was sitting up keeping an eye on the others, when a man stepped out of the alley. We had set up a camp fire right on the outskirts of the city. \"Who are you?\" I inquired. \"James\" the man said \" Well,\" I said \"Unless you prove you are not with them, I don't know if I know who you say you are\" \" Well that's smart of you,\" James said. Then somthing slammed into my head and I blacked out. I woke up to find my self sitting in a bed \"What the hell?\" I groaned, rubbing the spot I'd been hit on.. A man strode in, and in his hand he held a colt 45 pistol. He sat down. What was with all these random men I didn't know? \"do you know why you are here\" he said. \"I don't give a crap,\" I replied. \"I don't even know who you are, but what did you do with the kids?\" The man smiled \"you are naive, are you not\" he said. \"No,smarter than you\" I said whipping my pistol out a putting a bullet in his heart. I wondered why they hadn't bothered frisking me for my weapon. I also cursed myself for not getting information. I headed out of the room and turned left out of the room. I found Mathew in the room next to me. \"Hey, Mathew are you okay?\" I asked. \"Yah I guess\" he responded. I handed him a weapon and we continued down the hall. We found Kylee in a room down the hall Mathew shot the guard and we got Kylee out and gave her her weapon. \"Now\" I said \"lets get the heck out of here.\" All the while, I felt like the escape was too easy...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 To easy the only words that kept running through my head. Why was our escape that easy. It didn't seam right nothing seamed right. We rounded the corner and found a Jeep Grand cherokee sitting in the lot we had to break a window to get in and we found the keys in the car. We loaded all our supplies in the car and got in I drove out of the lot. To easy the words floated in my head again. I shook my head clearing it. \"Were are we going Alex\" Kylee asked \" out of town since we got that message over the radio we are getting out of here\" I replied. Mathew gazed out the window \"why do we have to leave\" he said \"beacause\"Kylee said \"thoses men are after us\". \"Y'all two get some rest i will wake you later\" I said.\" Okay, fine\" Kylee surendered. 3 1/2 hours later I woke the others up. \"Guys were stopping for gas y'all cab get anything you want from there\" I said. \"Okay\" Kylee said when we stopped she bolted into the gas station and returned with a handfull of Resees cups. \"Dang\" I remarked \"you really like chocolate don't you\" \"Yah\" she replied. Mathew grabed two resese from her. \"Hey\" she snapped sitting down in the car \"cut it out\" said sitting down. \"Everything is going just as planned\" James chuckled. \"Louis get me my weapons please were moving out\". \"Yes sir\" Louis said leaving the room. \"Yes\" James thought \"they going right where I want them.\" I stopped the car and parked it in a parking lot. Kylee woke up and got in the passenger seat. \"Did you loose anyone close to you\" she said. \"I had to leave my brother but I left a note so hopefuy someone helped him. Kylee said \" I'm just gonna say it I like you and I just wanted you to know\". I looked at her \"okay\" I said, then she leaned over and kissed me. I paused my mind wirling with thougts. Kylee climbed back a went back to sleep I finally selttled down asleep. James marched through the halls \"they wont know whats gonna hit them\" he thought. Louis walked beside him.\" Do u think we will catch them\" he said \"yes\"James said \" in due time the will fall like dominoes\"... A/N sorry for the short chapter thanks to PplusAforever for reviewing the last chapters[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 I woke up to the sun shinning through the widow of the jeep. \"Hey, everybody wake up\" I said Kylee raised her head groggily \" why do we have to\" she mumbled. Mathew woke up and imediatly complained he was hungrey. I looked out the windows \"shiz\" I said. Outside Louis stood with 15 men. \"Get out of the car\" Louis said. I grabbed my bow in my hand \"everybody get your weapons ready\" I whispered. I slowley opened the door and then I swung it open firing 2 arrows into the lead men taking then down the turning, we sprinted the other way. \"Get them\" Louis voice rang out. I tried to ignore his yells, but they got to me. \"Alex when can we stop running\" Mathew asked? \"I don't know sorry\" I responded, but the truth was I knew we would either be caught or tire out before we outran them. I heard motors start up and the two motorcycles drove up beside us. \"Crap\" I muttered I pulled my bow up sending a arrow at tje wheel of one of the cycles. The arrow hit the front tire sending the cycle into a wall. Kylee aimed at hit the driver of the other cycle in the chest. The driver swerved into the wall and the emgine exploded. \"Dang\" Louis said \" how did you loses them\" \" uh sir we do not know the cycles we shot down and we lost them in the explosion\" one man stuttered out. \"Not good enough\" Louis yelled sitting down in his jeep. \"James will kill me if I failled\" one man came up \"we will keep searching if you want us to\" the man said. \"Don't stop searching\" Louis snapped. I slowed down and Kylee and Mathew slowed down beside me. \"I think we lost then\" I said Kylee walked up 'can we find a place to sleep\" she asked\"we are getting sleepy\". I sat down \"sure get some rest I'll keep watch\" I said. About 10 minutes later Kylee and Mathew were asleep and I sat keeping watch. Ever since I had left my car that day and met these guys I felt like it was my job to protect them. \"Are you gonna rest\" Kylee's voice startled me.\" Nah\" I said \" I'll be okay for now\". Kylee sat next to me, she took my hand \"if anything I did last night upset you tell me okay\" she said \"No\" I said \" I' m fine because i feel the same as you\". \"Okay' she kissed me again and laid back down. \" shiz\" I muttered to my self. I picked up some cheezits and ate some. As I settled down the same words went through my head to easy... \"You did what\" James's voice rang out \" I told u to get thoese kids not loses them\" \" the men are searching as we speak\" Louis said. \"That is better but still I want them back here by wensday\". James spat. \"Yes sir\" Louis said trembiling as he left. \" imbicle\" James mutered \" thoses kids will be mine he said. \"And they will not survive\".[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"I will not fail\" Louis kept telling himself as he walked down the hall. James had given him 10 men to go find the kids. He turned and informed the me to ready the jeeps. \"Alex\" Mathew's voice rang out. I shot up and looked over as Mathew was struggling with a man. I shot the one man in the chest. Mathew pushed the man of him and yelled they \"got Kylee\" I looked and saw three men putting Kylee in a jeep. The rest of the men loaded up as Louis came into the area. \"You just could'nt help yourself could you Alex\" Louis said \"if you had not interfeared we wouldnt be in this mess\" \"what can I say some things just pull me in\" I said sarcastcly. \"Well you will wish you had not been involved this time\" Louis said laughing. \"Highly doubt it\" I said whipping my bow up. I fired a arrow at Louis he jumped to the side \"Go\" I yelled to Mathew and me and him took off. We stopped running about 5 minutes later both breathing hard. We sat down \"what are you two kids involved in\" I asked. \"Well our dad uses to work for this company that he wouldnt tell us the name of and he did all this diffrent kinds of work\" he paused.\" Go on\" I said. \"Well before he died he gave us each a book contaning all his reasearch and when thoese men attacked us the ones you saved us from tried to take thoese books from us\" Mathew fininshed. I looked at him \"may I see the book\" I asked. \"Okay\" Mathew handed me the book. I looked it over it did not seam like much but lots of the things in the book were telling about weapons and nuclear missles. \"Why the hell would your dad give you this\" I asked? Mathew simlply stared at me. \"We have the girl sir\" Louis said \"and why so you not have them both is the Walker boy dead\" James said. \"No both boys still live\" Louis said timidly. \"I will let you off since you did get the girl\" James said \"but next time you wont be so lucky\". Louis exits the room. James asked him to bring the girl in. Kylee was dragged in \"what the heck do you want\" she snapped. \"Fiesty\" James chuckled \"I want your book now give it to me\" \"no\" Kylee said \"and what makes you think I have it any way\" \"shiz\" James yelled \"She gave me hers Alex\" Mathew yelled \"look I have both books\" I looked over and Mathew held two leather books in his hands. \"Okay\" I said \"lets keep moving\" what about Kylee\" Mathew asked. \" im working on that\" I replied. We continued on walking towards were the jeeps had gone. After a hour of walking Mathew begin to complain. Then tires squeeling jolted us back to reality. A jeep came barreling down the street I yelled \"move now\" and Mathew took off with me straight behind him up ahead the warf came into view.\" We have to jump\" I yelled to Mathew when we reached the end Mathew turned shoved both books in my hands and pushed me off the warf saying \"keep them safe\"... \"We have the boy sir\" Louis said proudly. \"What of the Walker boy\" James asked. \"Well the odd thing was is that the boy pushed the Walker boy off the warf\". Louis responded \"oh\" James said \"so is he dead\" \"I will find out shortley\" Louis remarked \"Good\" James said \"and bring the kids to me\".. A/N any suggestions are welcome and please review .[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Mathew and Kylee were draged into James's room. \"Well looks like we finaly meet\" James said smiling \"guess you could not stay away\". Kylee glared at James \"what makes you think we wanted to be here\" she said her voice rising \"and what makes you think we will help you.\" She pause \"you little bastard\". \"Naughty languge did your dad not teach you better\" James said laughing now. I surface spitting water out of my mouth. I watched the jeeps pull away tires squeeling. \"Dammit\" I said, I pulled myself from the water sitting on the dock. My bow had sunk I cursed under my breath. I looked at the books Mathew had given me before they got him. \"Keep them safe\" his words echoed in my head. \"Why did my life get so crappy\" I muttered. I stood up walking to whever the hell the jeeps had gone. I stopped at a weapons store getting me a colt pistol and two swords. I strapped the pistol to my side and the swords on my back. I had the books so I knew James would keep them alive till he got the books... James paced back and forth \"why are you so ignorant\" he snapped just give me the books\". \"Not on your life you little bastard\" Kylee mutterd \" and who says we have them\". \"The Walker boy\" James yelled \"Louis did you find his body\". Louis studdered \"uh... his voice trailed off. \"Don't bother the kid\" a voice said he won't know. I strode into the room. 'Y'all are dumb\" I said. I walked to James and punched him in the stomach. \"Get him\" James stuttered. I dashed to Kylee and Mathew drawing my swords. I slashed through the ropes, hauling them to thier feet we took of we got to the plane deck. \" go get in\" I yelled we climbed in and 10 minutes later werw crusing along. \"Its over\" Kylee muttered \"\"Yah\" I said now lets get the hell out of this countrey\"... A/N Sorry It Ended This Way But I Didnt See The Story Going Anywere And give Suggestions For Other Stories. ","Summary":" The purge. Rerun Chapter. 1 I woke up, the sun shining through the window. I got up and tossed on s"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"A Very Unforgettable Purge","Author":"misswindflower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10573767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every year for 24 continuous hours every crime is legal. I was about fifteen when it started and the idea scared me, but my father assured me that everything was going to be completely okay. He was right. Everything was okay and will be okay, but it doesn't seem to erase the sickness in my stomach. As a part of the Sandin family, we could afford the best of the best, including my Uncle's security system. We only lived a few houses down in our pretty good sized gated community. Everyone had security systems, but only for tonight. Some were good, but others were really good. Either way, we were the haves. No one bothered with us. Most crime took place in the city where the poor lived. They were the real victims tonight. They had no protection and were an easy target. The Purge to me is vile and cruel, but it does do well for the American people. I tried to think of it this way; have everyone release themselves once a year or every day? I would never take part in it and I really don't like to associate myself with people who do; its best not to. I look at the clock ignoring my never ending growling stomach. It was exactly 30 minutes until seven…when the Purge starts. I was starving, but I can't get myself to eat a single bite. This year would be even worse; my Father and Mother are in Paris for the week. It was sort of an anniversary thing, but I know the real truth. My Father is a boss for a very big business. They sell watches and lighters for men. Some of his employees aren't very happy, but neither am I. They left me here to suffer. I brush that off and glance over at my Aunt and Uncles. Aunt Mary places her flowers on the lawn. They support the Purge. My Family use to until the sketchy business deals, cutting pay, and taking away health care. The phone rings, scaring me half to death. Clutching my chest, I answer in a raspy tone. \"Hello?\" \"Nicole?\" It's my Aunt Mary and I can see her on her cell phone. \"I was wondering, since your Father and Mother are in France, would you like to spend the time at our home?\" They couldn't ask sooner? It was twenty minutes till Purging time and it'll take me at least ten to get what I needed, five to lock up, and five to walk over (3 if I run). Not wanting to be rude (or alone), I accept her offer. \"Don't bother bringing clothing,\" she tells me. \"I'm sure Zoe has stuff you can wear. Just hurry on over, alright?\" With that, she hangs up. Zoe has clothing to fit me? I roll my eyes. I doubt it. She was skinny and flat up top while I was borderline cup D and had a little meat on my bones. And sadly not because I had huge hips and a nice butt…but because I actually had meat on my bones. I didn't really care though. I flip them my good old finger. You know? The 'everyone should be thin' people. Screw them. I run up stairs and grab a few essentials, shirts, and pants. Holding the, I set the security system for 7:00pm and quickly go out. I could hear knives being sharpened and guns being tested. Not a very nice thing to be heard. Struggling, I finally make it to my Uncle and Aunts home. She looks as if she wants to panic. I give a guilty smile. \"With five minutes to spare!\" My Uncle smiles, setting up their security system. That right there made me panic! Five more minutes I would have been left for dead. \"Oh, sorry,\" I say. My Aunt lets it go and hugs me as does my Uncle. Charlie and Zoe don't even acknowledge my existence; Zoe sitting there like she's bored to death and Charlie playing Timmy. Timmy was a creepy doll and one time he placed him in our home! I almost shit a brick. \"Hey,\" I smiled and waved at them, but Zoe sighed and Charlie just smirked. Thanks, guys. This night will defiantly go smoothly. Zoe is tough to get along with. Only certain people she likes and I am not one of them. I being 22 years old…I have never done anything to her. Charlie is just an awkward kid. I take a seat and we all get ready for lock down. The T.V screen turns blue. It is essentially time. I breathe in and out as a woman's voice comes on. This is not a test. This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S. Government. Weapons of class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during the Purge. All other weapons are restricted. Government officials of ranking 10 have been granted immunity from the Purge and shall not be harmed. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 24 continuous hours. Police, fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow night at 7 p.m., when The Purge concludes. Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a nation reborn. May God be with you all. With that, the sirens go off and the sickness in my stomach returns with a stronger 'kick'. I groan and hug my shaking knees. Zoe looks at me and turns to her Father. \"Can I go upstairs now?\" Her parents nod. \"Thank you for being here with us,\" my Uncle says and with that she leaves. \"Are you nervous, too?\" I look down at Charlie, who was still playing with Timmy. I'm such a bad example. \"No,\" I lied. \"Just not feeling good.\" \"Because of tonight?\" He presses. I give in by nodding. \"Yeah, because of tonight.\" Charlie doesn't like the Purge, kind of like me, but unlike him I understand why we need the Purge. He grabs my hand and holds it. I smile. \"Nicole, if you wish, you can go upstairs or in the kitchen,\" Uncle offers. I nod. \"Have you eaten dinner yet?\" I shook my head. \"But really, I'm fine,\" I tell him. \"I can't eat in situations like this, but thank you.\" I get up and nod to them. \"I'm going to go upstairs and see if Zoe's alright.\" I run up the stairs and straight to her room hearing giggles and moans. Henry. It has to be Henry. I sigh and peak in. \"Zoe? Are you alone?\" I ask and immediately the noise stop and I hear a groan. \"What do you want?\" \"Just checking up on you,\" I say, rolling my eyes. \"But never mind, Henry's already doing that.\" I walk into a spare bedroom and lay on the bed thinking about my parents. I can't help, but to feel a bit upset and angry. Not only are they in the lovely city of Paris without me, but they're in Paris when I need them the most. I crawl up into a ball and close my eyes. Maybe I could sleep to kill some time? I close my eyes. College was crazy with Exam prep and such, especially when you want to go into the medical field. So naturally I was tired. I start to drift off, but it wasn't long before I could some screams and yells. Author's Note: I hope you like the start and I will try my hardest on the next chapter. I will change some of the events and such. I know it's only suppose to be 12 hours, but I'll make it 24. If you see this story on any other website and the usernames are; Agentalie, Avedak3davra, or dammiforza it IS ME. But this story should only be posted on fanfiction net, wattpad, archiveofourown, and Quetev. If you see it anywhere else, please tell me! Please feel free to give honest feedback.[Chapter 2] A/N: Thank you so much for my 3 reviewers. I honestly didn't think anyone was going to read this! :P Please enjoy and review. I kind of forgot the order of some things. So I am going to go with what I want to write. Who wants to read something exactly like the real thing anyway? xD Just watch the movie in that case. And lines from the movie won't be word for word here! Please remember that in my fanfic that it isn't 12, but 24 hours. I changed it to make my story a bit longer! I shoot up from my short and not so peaceful slumber. Screams and cries fill my ears. I'm too sleepy to comprehend anything. Worried, for sure, but the heaviness I feel in my limbs doesn't let me move fast enough. I start to remember its purge night and nightmares flood my brain. I swing my legs forcefully over the edge of my bed and make myself walk to the hallway. Through blurry eyes, I can see a small pool of blood on the staircase and Zoe crying. Henry. \"Henry,\" Zoe sobs, trying to make her way as fast as possible up the stairs. Still confused as too if I am in a nightmare or if this is reality, I let her by. Henry is choking on what I assume is his own blood. I turn to Uncle and tilt my head. \"Uncle James?\" I question. He looks horrified as he holds a pistol in his hands. Aunty Mary is a nervous wreck. He looks to me and neither of us knows what to say. \"I killed him!\" Aunty Mary tugs at his arm. \"James! No!\" He tries to run after the young couple. \"I'll go, Henry didn't try to kill me!\" She begged. That's what happened? \"Nicole,\" Aunty Mary, holding my Uncle back, looks at me. \"What happened?\" I demand. Neither of them answers me. I know what happened just by observing. \"What happened?\" I ask, clenching my fist. Uncle James rips free from Aunty Mary and shoots up the stairs. He's so focused on getting to Henry and Zoe that he bangs into me without saying a word. Not caring, I follow him. \"I asked what happened.\" I stood in Zoe's doorway, wary of where I step or what I say. Henry's body lays there, still and blue. He's dead. Any medical student can tell you that. Zoe shakes her head. \"I'm sorry, dad,\" she sobs, running past me. Something tells me to go after her instead, but I stay with my Uncle. \"He's dead,\" Uncle James says, standing up and leaving. In a daze and not believing what had just happened, I follow him down the stairs and into the security room. Aunty Mary rubs her head while Charlie sits, feeling guilty. I can sense it. I look around and can't believe my luck. I would have been much safer alone in my house than here. \"James, our daughter is out there with that man!\" She freaks and I look at her. \"Henry is dead,\" I state. She shakes her head. I nod. \"Yes, he is!\" \"Not that man,\" Uncle James corrects me, frustrated. I back off a little and the little ball of nerves start to form in my belly once again. He points to Charlie. \"Charlie disarmed the security system and let a man in our home!\" \"We don't know where he is or what he wants,\" Aunty Mary says, finishing her husband's sentence. I turn to Charlie, my eyes wide and my mouth open. \"Are you stupid?\" I forced out. \"Charlie! What were you thinking?\" I rub my temple trying to keep calm. \"He needed help!\" He protested. \"There were people after him and no one was-\"he pauses, staring at the security screens. He was right to. A group of people wearing masks walked up to our security cameras. This wasn't good. They were purgers. Not your average city purgers, either. They were the determined type. One takes off his mask and he looks no older than me. A smart, well educated man. You could tell. He wasn't ugly, but quite handsome and if I had seen him anytime other than now, I would have been swooned off my feet by his unnatural good looks. He starts to smile and I know longer see a good-looking man, but the joker. Was he? If so, where is batman to save us? His mouth starts to move, but words don't come out. \"He's saying something!\" I point out. My uncle quickly turns on the sound and his voice is just as attractive as he is. \"Hi, Sandins,\" he says, biting his lip a bit before continuing. \"Your home tells us your some good folks, like us. We're the haves and your blue flowers tell us that you support the purge,\" he says. It's true. Every house in our gated community has the pretty blue flowers planted outside our porches. He continues his long speech and I lose track by zoning out. I catch bits and pieces, but nothing more. \"You need to return him to us,\" he continues and I listen once again. He's making a fare bargain and I want a part in it because it's my life…my family's life on the line. \"So we may purge as we are entitled. Here's the plan, Sandin's, you have until our provisions arrive…provisions that will help us break into your elegant home. If you don't release him within the hour, we will release the beast on him,\" he pauses and his grin gets big. \"And…on you . We can enter any home we want, and we will want because want is our will on this fine night. Don't force us to hurt you! We don't want to hurt our own, \"he tells us and chills run up and down my back. \" Please just let us purge !\" \"What a sick bastard,\" I whisper, finding myself clinging to Charlie by his school shirt. \"Why can't he go purge somewhere else?\" \"Toodaloo, Sandin's!\" He laughs and he turns away, holding hands with a blonde girl. I hear him mumble something and then our power is cut. I want to scream, but for Charlie's sake, I keep quiet. \"What do we do now?\" Aunty asks. \"Can I go home?\" Is all I can get out. I know I can't go home. It's impossible, but the thought is nice. Nicer than the thought that there is a big fat chance I will die tonight.[Chapter 3] Life is a test of survival someone once told me. It was a quote of inspiration to work hard in school, and to survive. Never once did I take it literal. Until now as I sit in the cold, uneasy room while my whole life flashes through my eyes. It meant your actual life. I ignore the useless bicker, and continue to focus on the blank wall. I don't care to watch the screen, and their ugly masks. I don't care to look at my killers anymore than I have to. II'll be doing that as they tear the skin from my bones. I can imagine my death very vividly. A shutter rushes down my spine. My parents are something. I can't quite think of a word vile enough to explain what I think of them at this moment. Kissing on top of towers, and eating traditional French Macaroons as I face death. \"I am cold,\" I say as the vile fights its way up. I hold and hug my knees trying to think of all the happy things in the world. All these people invade my mind. Everything is useless. Including our top notch security system. I get up, pace the room. There's not only them, but a man inside the home aswell. The reason of my death. He should go voluntarily instead of dragging an innocent family into it. Be a man, I think. He isn't. Instead he is a coward. And for that, I hate him. Charlie continues to play with Timmy ignoring the world around him. I should hate him, but hating a twelve year old is much like hating a kitten who knocked over something, breaking it. You can't because they don't think like adults, and you can't expect them to. \"Mr. Sandin?\" A voice calls, and the shiver is back. It's the demon man who threatens my life. My uncle look at the camerar, and there he is. Smiling away like it's Christmas. Maybe to him it is Christmas. My Uncle follows the sickening voice, and out of pure curiosity, I do too. They peak through to each other. The man smirks, and whispers chit chat to Uncle. I can't hear, and straining to listen was causing a headache to be worse. I move closer like my feet have their own mind or that I am possessed by something. He spots me immediately like a predator, and smirks. That fucking smile of the devil. \"Having your daughter protect you,\" he says. \"That's nice.\" He sends me a wink, and the sensation of vile rushing up my throat returns. Uncle disregards the comment, \"Please, my son, he let-\" \"Just give us the fucking-\" A bang rang through me so fast a small yelp flies my mouth. He shot someone. That man really shot someone. I try not to freak out because he smirks at me. \"Sir, you may want to calm your,\" he pauses, and his smile does the unnatural. It widens. \"You very, very pretty daughter down because she is going to hear a lot of that. That's unless you do as I say.\" \"I'm his niece,\" I say. It was suppose to be rude and cocky, but it came out soft and timid. Laughs echo around me, and he continues unwanted eye contact. My uncle slams the small slot shut, and for now, this man is gone. But only for a short while because soon these protective walls will be ripped from us. please read: I am so sorry for the wait. I don't have access to a computer, and I typed this whole thing on my phone. A pain. Sorry for any mistakes! :( I tried my best. Also thank you so much for your support! Lots of love. I also have a new hunger Games fanfic up. So if you want, give it a read! :)[Chapter 4] I stand in the middle of the kitchen uncontrollably pacing. Subconsciously I hold a butcher knife close to my chest. It feels sinister. I feel sinister. The butcher knife feels misplaced yet comfortable and soothing in my hands. My shaking cold hands. The man in our home doesn't seem threatening because he's scared aswell. He shields himself in Charlies spot. But I can't stop myself from thinking: you're a selfish coward. My uncle takes a shot of whiskey and its tempting even for me. \"The man is in Charlies spot,\" I whisper not quite sure of my actions. My uncle pauses, and deep down I know what he's thinking but I can't come to terms with it. I'm holding a knife. My Uncle is blood thirsty. Zoe betrayed her family-or it seems that way. My Aunt is contemplating staying calm or agreeing with Uncle's plan. Are we no longer civil? Or is this civil now? When has murder become justified? Government may allow it but my God speaks of no such cleansing. If my knife cuts flesh I will most defiantly go to hell. My sleeve whipes the tears from my eyes. I secretly pray. A loud screech comes from the upstairs echoing in my ears. Without thinking, I run. \"Zoe!\" I yell, my head pounding with each step. My Aunt and Uncle push past me but I continue to follow. \"ZOE!\" Uncle screams. The man, who I thought was in Charlies spot, was now holding Zoe. Anger fills me. I jump on his back, holding grip tight on his neck. My mouth finds the way to his shoulder and clamps tight. \"AHH!\" He hisses. Adrenalin fills my veins as I somehow, someway throw him to the ground. \"Get rope, get duct tape.\" Right here I start to doubt if it's me talking or if I am possessed. After a short while, the man is semi conscious ducted taped and tied to a chair. Blood seeps through his grey shirt. \"Now we drag him out,\" my Uncle James says. He starts to grab the chair. Me and Aunty hesitate. The man starts to panic, forcing away the ropes but my uncle stabs him in the side. I wince, the scream reminding me of a horror movie. \"Mary,\" he hisses. \"Please, just listen-stab him more in the side!\" Unwillingly she does just that, but stops, and that's when I stop. I stop living this reality, and run. The master bedroom is peaceful, and for a split second the bright purple walls and fluffy sheets make me forget. Only if I could forget longer. I lay and take deep breaths. \"Jesus, please let this be a nightmare,\" I say, my throat stiff and tight. Choking on tears while your chin twitches is such a weak and sickly feeling. \"Please wake me up. I have had enough.\" For a second it is quiet, but it doesn't last long. Time is up because trucks rumble and the polite leaders voice was barely a muffle. \"Think, Nicky,\" I say to myself. \"You're in fucking med school. Think dammit!\" Under the bed? \"Are you stupid,\" I hiss, smacking myself. Then It hits me. The walk in closet. I scurry to close the bedroom door. Then I attempt to move the dresser over it, but the smart and clever girl comes through. The less obvious the better. I open the door and shut off the lights, and make my way for the walk in closet. Uncomfortably, I wedge myself two cabinets on the side on the closet and cover my feet with a big shopping bag. \"Brace yourself,\" I say. Boom. Our shields were down, and we were now bare. Smash. They are in. Bang. Now it is war. AUTHOR NOTE: please note that I am still using mobile. :( I am not very pleased with the chapter, but the next one will be better! So excited towrite it. Thank you all for your support! Peace and love.[Chapter 5] I hug my knees closer and tighter against my pounding chest. Everything was incredibly silent that my heavy breathing and heart beat sounds too loud that I wouldn't be surprised if they heard it as well. I bite down on my lips hard and breath through my nose. Blood trickles from my bottom lip, but having bad shakes hurts more. Even the pounding in my chest hurt worse than biting my lip. My eyes sting from tears filling my eyes. They're in. He's in. They're coming for me. He's coming for me. And that scares me immensely. I try not to cry, but the silence frightens me. Why is there no gun shots? It's too quiet for comfort. I don't even hear feet stepping on glass or whispers. A mouse could walk and I'd hear it clear as ever. Bang. And I jump, whimpering. Then a loud obnoxious laugh comes from the hallway. They're right there. \"Hey, Cooper,\" a girl says. \"Look, a bed!\" She chuckles. The bed bounces a little as I suspect she plopped on it. Oh no. They better not as I'm crying and shaking in the closet. The closet door squeaked as it opens, and I can see from the corner of my eye. The kid looks around and his mask makes it seem that he can see me. But he doesn't because he follows the girl out. I take a deep breath of release like the whole big nightmare is over, but I have a long time to kill. After awhile I feel my eyelids grow heavy and stiff. I want sleep, but I rather not be woken as a bang pierces through my body. 24 hours never seemed so long before now. Actually it use to scare me how short days, weeks, months, and years were. It use to sadden me how one moment it was one day and soon it was another. Now I just want it to be long gone. The knife sits nexts to me because I couldn't bare to see myself holding it any longer. It was sickening how much I wanted to stick it through his head and laugh as he screams. I'm not like that, so why do I act like I am? Why do thoughts of murder fill my mind? Make it stop. Peace speaks louder. I would trade this for the high unemployment and the daily crimes. Then I start to wonder how I could be so selfish. A scream catches in my throat as there is another gun shot. \"Cooper,\" he, the evil one, says unbelievably calm. \"When you find them, don't shoot, bring them to the living room,\" he says. \"I have another offer.\" Maybe it won't be as bad as I thought, but what's the deal? Another person walks into the closest and my breath hitches and I automatically grab the knife. It's him. He looks behind clothing and behind bins. I bite harder and harder until... \"How fucking adorable,\" he says, a chuckle tinting his voice. I look up, but he isn't looking at me. His back is towards me. \"Between two med students,\" he says, \"I'd hope to have this game of ours last longer.\" \"How'd you know?\" My voice is shaky and raspy from lack of water. \"We had class together last year,\" he chuckles, \"but unlike you, sweetheart, I moved up to a, well, a higher level.\" I move more against the wall holding the knife out at him, but he grabs it like I didn't even put up a fight. The sad part is...I did. He grabs my arm harshly, and I fight back. My leg kicks up hard and quick. He stumbles back, and I take the opportunity to yank my arm and sprint out and down the hall. I find my way to my Zoe's room, and I hear a familiar sound. A hitched breath. \"Shh, it's me,\" I say, locking her bedroom door, and swinging open her closet. \"What are you doing?\" She asks, slinding out from under the bed. \"The attic,\" I say. \"One of the entrances is through your closet! Remember?\" We both move quick by removing her clothing racks, and pulling open the attic entrence. I climb up, but Zoe doesn't follow. I hold out my hand. \"Let's go!\" I urge her. She shakes her head. \"Charlie, mom, dad?\" I sigh. \"We can't! Your mom is with Charlie.\" \"But-\" \"Come on,\" I snap with my patience well passed its limit. We both bicker until something makes us stop. The door rattles feverishly, and I hear him banging on it. \"You may be a top student, Nicole, but you are still as stupid as a jackass!\" He yells before he shoots the doorknob. I shove my cousin up the attic and close the door so fast my head spins. \"Shit, you bitch!\" He glares at me, his hair disheveled. I step back. His eyes are wild with craze and hunger. \"I'm sorry, I panicked!\" \"Oh, you'll panic,\" he says, growling through his teeth. He grabs me by my shirt, and I don't have the nerve to fight back.[Chapter 6] \"Please!\" I cry, sinking down the wall. I put my hands up in defense. The only power I have. He laughs, and wiggles a pistol at my head. It clicks. I wait for it to go off, but it doesn't. Instead his foot slams into my hip. I double over clenching it. \"You don't have to do this!\" \"Don't worry, it'd be stupid to kill you, Nicole, but torture...now that sounds fun!\" My hip screams and throbs in agony, begging for release. Blood rushes through me. It pulses feverishly. His chuckles sound far too evil to be real. He makes me doubt reality. In attempt for mercy, effortlessly I crawl for the exit. The man has too much power over me. My scalp burns. I'm being lifted by my hair. He's pushing me out the door, walking closely behind. His pistol digs in my back. A hard lump prevents me from speaking. Tears blur the little vision I had left. \"Come on, Nicole,\" he says politely. He guides me to the living room. My family are tied to chairs. All, but Zoe. I pray that she is at least safe in the attic. \"Gah!\" I'm thrown to the carpeted floor, my blood causing a little dot. It seeps through a small cut on my bottom lip. \"Now, Mr. Sandin,\" he speaks. A shadow paces back and forth. There is no strength left. All my fight is gone. I'm only a weak girl whose had everything handed to me. I've known no struggle. I've known no hardships. Is this my punishment? A girl wearing white goes to tie my legs up, but he stops her, putting up a single hand. The power he has is incredibly terrifying. \"Not yet, Isabella.\" She backs off to the side and bows her head. She could look like anything, but she still hides behind a mask that smiles. \"We meet again. Of course it's not a meeting I'd like to have, but nonetheless its a meeting.\" He fixes his tie, and stands tall. \"You got the man! Now leave!\" My Aunty says, her face swollen red. \"That wasn't our agreement! And the swine got away,\" he hisses. \"We tried!\" \"We tried,\" he mocks, snorting. \"And you failed. Now here we are, but I'll make one last deal. Do you care to hear it?\" \"Just leave my family alone,\" Uncle begs, tugging at his bindings. \"You either give me the filth or the two girls,\" he says. \"But oh no! The filthy animal is gone. I guess we only have one option. Unless you count the one where if you don't give me the two girls I'll pop a bullet-\" \"I'll go!\" He looks at me. I sit up. My family has never looked so terrified. Uncle cries, but my aunt wears a look that shows she's cried too much all ready. \"Leave them alone. I'll go with you. Hurt me, not them. Alright?\" \"No,\" Aunty whispers, but then she grows frantic. \"No!\" she protests, pulling at her tied hands. \"It's okay.\" I look at her and nod. \"He already said he wasn't going to kill me, correct?\" For the first time I feel brave, honorable. Something to be proud of. The man doesn't answer. Only turns to the girl, and whispers something. \"Come,\" he orders. \"Mr. Sandin, you should take lessons. While she stands here, you sit like a coward.\" \"Enough,\" I say. \"It's done done here.\" The girl doesn't follow, and there is an uneasy feeling. I'm not liking the idea of purgers still roaming the house. But he promised. I stop, and put a firm hand on his chest. He pushes me aside. \"Get in the car, Nicole. My patience with you is far too thin already.\" \"We had a deal!\" \"We did?\" \"I go with you, you leave them alone.\" \"I don't remember that being the deal, sweetheart.\" \"You said-\" \"I know what I said. Now get in-\" \"But the deal was-\" \"The deal was that your uncle gives me you and that slut cousin of yours. He didn't. You gave yourself up. That was not stated anywhere in the deal.\" He's right. My bravery was just stupidity acting as bravery. \"Please don't kill them,\" I say pleading. I find my hand back on his chest. \"They're good people.\" \"Get in the damn car!\" I don't. \"Not until you promise.\" \"Let's get something very clear, Nicole,\" he snaps, shoving me against the car. Our eyes glued together. My frightened ones looking into his cold ones. \"I have the upper hand. You don't. No asking questions, no making orders. Only answering questions, and following orders. For the meantime I'd like you to keep that pretty mouth shut. If you don't, I will make you. Are we on the same page?\" I nod obediently. \"Good, girl. Now get in the car, Nicole.\" I do. In silence he pulls out of . I'm left surprised at how calm he is. He taps the steering wheel and hums to a tune in his head. I want to ask what will happen to me. Will he kill me? Use me? Beat me? Torture me. \"Don't hurt me.\" \"Didn't I say keep your mouth shut?\" He takes a quick turn. Our gated community is big. Almost a city within a city. You can live here your whole life and not know everyone. Obviously. I glance at him. Then he surprises me with a sudden stop that sends me jerking forward. \"I live here,\" he says, pointing. It's similar to my own. \"Are we getting out?\" \"No. We are going to sit here, and wait for the sun to rise!\" He rolls his eyes. \"Yes, Nicole, we are getting out. Lady, I hope you are never my doctor.\" First he gets out, then lets me out. I look around, but it isn't long before I feel myself fall. He stands looking down at me, smirking. \"Sorry, Nicole. Hopefully you don't mind, but I have to. Just for now.\" \"NO!\" I yell, but he raises a bat before everything around me goes black. Authors Note: I am so sorry! I had a terrible case of writers block! But from now on I will try to update every week! :) Thank you for your support! If you like Divergent, I got two fanfics up that wouldn't mind getting some love! :) Hope you are having a great night/day! :) still only using a phone! Sadly...[Chapter 7] Authors Note: I am sorry once again. I have been having quite a few bumps these past months with personal issues. Hopefully you understand. Warning, this chapter might be a bit nuts. But I assume most of you watch horror films so you can probably handle it. I wake, my hands and feet feeling uncomfortable. Numb and tingling. Sort of how when you sit in the same position for too long and get the feeling of a billion tiny needles jabbing your body. I attempt to move, but instead I can't. Not just because I'm tied to wooden poles, but because I really can't move. I feel barely anything. In frustration, I tell my mind to twerk my leg, but it stays still like these limbs don't belong to me. Like I'm nothing to them. \"Ah, Nicole! I knew you'd come around.\" \"Why can't I move?\" I ask, my insides turning cold. I feel a smirk. \"Aw, come on, you go to medical school. I'm sure you know what I gave you! Take a guess? Just to humor me.\" He takes a step forward into the light. Instead of wearing the suit, he's wearing something more comfortable. Jeans and red t-shirt. His hair is disheveled, and I suppose mine looks worse. If I could, I would glare and spit, thrash and kick. In defeat, I say, \"you paralyzed me. You stole confidential lab supplies and completely violated me.\" \"You'd be happy to know I didn't to touch you,\" he says, taking a seat on the corner of the bed. \"That's a vile thing to do, and I plan to keep to my word, Nicole. I don't touch where one does not want to be touched.\" I snort, \"but you have no problem killing?\" He leans forward, and places a hand on my leg. Luckily, my muscles are so relaxed that I can't feel a thing. Not even a breeze or a tickle. It seems, with every second his smile widens until it can't widen anymore. But no, each time he surprises me with. Grins wide and wide. Cruel. \"Sacrifice,\" he corrects as if his actions are anymore justified. With his long index finger and middle, he walks and traces them around my arms. Numb, but yet goosebumps still force themselves to grow on my arms. \"Sweetheart, sacrifice. Our job. Rid the world of filth and scum. Nicole. My name on his tongue sounds sour. \"When will it wear off?\" \"Whenever I want it to. Whenever I think you learned your lesson. Until I fully educate you about this fine night,\" he says, climbing on top of me. \"I thought-\" \"I won't.\" He leans down. \"Do you remember before the Purge, Nicole? You must! The monstrosity that filled our country. You have to remember! We were fools to the world, Nicole! We were mocked, but the Purge. It made us Gods as a nation once more.\" He grasps my jaw in his hand. \"It's a gift. To cleanse our souls in such a personal way. Yes? Let's cleanse our souls together, Nicole. Let's violate our bodies,\" he says against my lips, placing a quick kiss. \"You're sick,\" I respond. \"No, Nicole,\" he moans into my neck. \"No. They're the ones who are sick. The ones who abuse this fine night. An excuse to be filthy pricks. I am grateful for each kill.\" \"You're going to kill me.\" \"I wouldn't dream of that,\" he says. \"I plan to make you scream as your blood seeps from the cuts on your skin. I want to cleanse you Nicole in the most delicate way, but at the same time make you feel it.\" \"I was wrong.\" \"Hm?\" He climbs off of me, raising an eye as he reaches for a knife and syringe. \"You are ill!\" \"See it as you want, babe, but I am doing you an honorable favor. I'm gifting you with a new beginning.\" He injects the needle in my neck, and within a few minutes my limbs come to me and I feel. I can feel his fingers tickling me. \"Don't hurt me.\" \"Not for long.\" From the corner of my eyes, I watch as he sticks the long knife in a jar of water and my body begins to jerk as he smiles towards me. He sticks his finger up, and he then sticks the knife in a powder...a crystal like powder that can only be one thing. Salt. As he takes long strides back to me, my body freezes. It is like slow, taunting motion. Not only is he going to scar my body, but make it burn like the fiery pits of hell. I bite down on my lips ignoring the stinging from a previous cut. He grabs my arm, making it face upwards. \"Brace yourself,\" he whispers. \"It'll be over soon. I promise, Nicole. It'll feel better once we are done. You'll feel new and light a beautiful-\" \"Get it over with,\" I hiss. He shakes his head, tisking, \"don't be a selfish bitch. Your bitterness isn't wanted nor appreciated.\" The salt covered knife touches my forearm, and he looks at me as the knife presses down and slices a long cut. About three inches. Nearing four. A high pitched scream slips from my lips as it burns and stings. I want to rub and itch it. Wash the salt off, but I'm stuck with the pain as this psychopath looks at it like it's art. As if my agony is his masterpiece. \"Oh, sweet, beautiful, Nicole,\" he moans, rubbing my cheeks, his thumb massaging my bottom lip. Then he does the unexpected. Something disgusting. Stomach churning and heart crushing. He licks the tip of the knife. \"What are-LET ME GO!\" I scream, kicking and thrashing, but he is quick to make me stop. \"Nicole. I told you. We are cleansing our souls together. Isn't it beautiful?\" he asks, his finger aggravating my new wound. \"Just six more, dear.\" \"Six?\" \"This one cleanses us of wrath. The next one will cure you of greed.\" He pulls at my let hand after setting up his knife. This one is a small, but powerful cut to my hand. He repeats his horrible act as the knife slides across his tongue. \"Sloth.\" A long cut from my toe down to my heel. At this point, tears swell at my eyes, but I can't seem to form a scream. Just chokes and quiet pleads. \"Pride,\" he whispers, grabbing my face. \"Please no.\" But he ignores my pleads and I can't get anymore fight out of me. He cuts small slits in the corner of my lips. I jump when his hand grasps my thigh. \"Lust.\" He pulls down my pants just to my knees and cuts the inside of my thigh. I shutter because this time he doesn't lick the knife, but my thigh and I expect a groan of protest to slip out, but instead I moan . \"No, no, Nicole. You are being cleansed of such an act.\" His voice vibrates against my skin. All I can get out is a dry, \"forgive me.\" \"Envy,\" he says in thought. \"Where should you go?\" he smirks. He lifts my shirt and I bite my lip hard as he cuts between my breasts. Above my heart. \"Just gluttony,\" I say, thankful, to myself. And as suspected, he makes a two inch long cut on my tummy. Everywhere hurts, but yet I am numb. My mind spinning and all I see are evil smirks and blood. \"Done?\" \"Almost. Now, you bathe.\" As he unchains me, standing is almost impossible, but he makes me walk. Cleansing us of our sloth. I'm hissing as he makes me walk more on that foot, but the bathroom is connected to this room. I know because the house is built almost the same way as mine. Little waves of steam circle above. A sweet fragrance tickles my nose. And I feel relaxed. My abused body aside. \"This way, sweetheart,\" he purrs, helping me. I don't care about my clothes stripping off. All I care is comfort and ease hoping twenty four hours will pass a lot quicker than most years. I slip into the world of relaxation and slowly the clear water turns to a light pink. Nicely, he hands me a cloth and a bar of lemon scented soap. I groan as I clean my new cuts and the water turns into a bubbly pink mess. \"Come on,\" he says, lifting me out and handing me a soft towel. Once I dry off, I'm given a white dress. Similar to the ones those other girls were wearing. \"Did you do the same to them?\" \"Isabella and Sarah? No. Now dress.\" And I do. Once he cleans his mess, and I'm sitting trying to ignore the agony and irritation over my body, he joins me on a sofa bed. We sit in silence. There is nothing to say. I'm too terrified, but I am far too tired to shake. A minute passes, then another. The silence hurts, and I force myself to speak. \"What is your name?\" He doesn't answer. \"May I go home? Am I cleansed?\" I am treated with the same answer. So I try to stand. \"Sit.\" \"I want to go home.\" \"You can't always get what you want, Nicole,\" he says a bit more casual. \"Now, sit.\" \"We are done.\" \"No,\" he says, pressing his lips. He grabs a gun and stands. \"Now, Nicole, we Purge.\" ","Summary":" Every year for 24 continuous hours every crime is legal. I was about fifteen when it started and th"},{"Movie":"American Pie","Title":"American Funeral","Author":"bluecinderella4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10987240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In my profile, I explained this story's background. How I tried to start it, couldn't get it going, felt like it was being ignored and just deleted it. I never really thought I could get it going again anyway… … until I rediscovered my notes. Going over them, I was impressed with what I had. So I thought, what the hell maybe I can try again; have something to look forward to I suppose. I did think, what if nobody reads this like last time. But you know what, I decided that shouldn't matter. If people read it, great, good, that's all fine and dandy; but I write these fics because I want to. You don't have to read them. Plus I know I'm not the only one who was bummed because there was a good story out there that mysteriously disappeared/got deleted and had no idea if I could find it anywhere else (like this one Breakfast Club fic). It sucks and I don't want to do that to people. And besides, it's nice to write fics for small fandoms. So again, this is based off of the 2010 remake of the 2007 movie Death at a Funeral only with American Pie characters and canon . The Death at a Funeral movies were both screenwritten by the same man and are essentially the same except 2007 is British and 2010 is American if you want to check those out. This one is more the 2010 version though. And here is an original setup prologue to get things going. Despite being behind closed doors, it was more than evident that the raw, primal sounds of sex could be heard throughout the Levenstein residence. Methods such as wearing headphones and turning up the television were of no use. Hell, even taking a shower just to be under running water barely muffled the sounds. Seriously, how long was this going for? As Jim got out of the shower, Michelle entered their bedroom. \"He's still asleep,\" she noted. Jim's jaw nearly dropped. \"How!?\" Michelle shrugged. \"Evan's always been a heavy sleeper. I guess it makes up for him being so hyperactive when he's awake.\" \"That kid has slept through a lot of stuff.\" Jim sat on the bed as a long, erotic moan echoed through the walls. \"I wish I could say the same for others.\" Michelle sat by him. \"I know it's disgusting and sick, but your dad's finally found happiness again.\" \"Yeah, every other night.\" \"Jim.\" \"How has she not worn him out by this point?\" Michelle tried to be seductive as she scooted toward her husband, \"Well, you know what they say: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em.\" Jim made a disgusted face. \"Not like a foursome. I meant why should they get have to have all the sex?\" Jim tried to think this through. \"So you're saying we should have sex while my father and stepmother do?\" \"That's the idea,\" she began kissing his neck (much to his pleasure). \"Besides,\" she spoke in between kisses, \"how else are we supposed to make a baby?\" Jim backed away. \"Whoa!\" He adjusted his seating so that he faced her. \"You want another baby? Wha…when did this happen?\" Michelle fidgeted a little. \"I dunno I just…Evan's growing up so fast and…well, I've always wanted a big family and…\" she couldn't find the words to say, \"…I know we probably should have talked about this first but…\" she made eye contact with him. \"You're not upset or anything?\" \"Honestly, I kinda saw this coming. The way you act around other people's kids, how excitedly jealous you got when Kevin told us Ellie was pregnant with twins, how you said you wanted to teach kindergarten ; I mean what's up with that?\" Michelle shrugged. \"I mean yeah, I wanna have another kid too but-\" Michelle cut him off with an intense kiss. It seemed to work for a few seconds, but Jim surprisingly pulled away. \"-but we should wait until we at least get a new house.\" \"And how long will that take?\" \"Hey, I'm trying! You were the one who convinced us to move back here and my dad was cool enough to let us stay with him and Jeanine until we could find a place of our own. I'm not saying that like it's bad but I think we need to wait until things get a little more...settled.\" \"For how long, Jim?\" Jim took a second to think it over. \"I think we should have a serious, adult discussion about this in…at least six months minimum—half a year. That cool?\" Michelle groaned. \"Ugh, I hate serious, adult discussions.\" \"I know, right!\" They shared a laugh. \"I don't like being a grownup.\" \"I know, but we all have to grow up, sweetheart.\" Jim let out a pitiful whine at that. \"Aw, come here,\" Michelle pulled him close and cradled his head by her chest. She stroked his hair for a few moments before a thought crossed her mind. \"You know: there are some perks to being a grown up too.\" \"Mrs. Levenstein, are you trying to seduce me?\" Michelle pushed her husband onto the bed and positioned herself over him. \"Why should your dad get to have all the fun?\" Michelle and Jim got into an intense liplock amidst Noah Levenstein's excited, \"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!\" exclamations. Jim pushed Michelle away for a moment. \"You sure you want to do this over the sound of my father getting laid? I mean, that doesn't exactly keep me in the mood.\" \"Oh, good point,\" Michelle looked around the room and noticed the music player on the nightstand. \"Maybe this will do the trick,\" she put on a seductive song and resumed her position atop her husband. \"Oh my God!\" Mr. Levenstein could be heard down the hall. \"Oh my God! Oh…oh my God!\" *THUD* \"Oh my God!\" that time the voice didn't belong to Jim's dad. Both Jim and Michelle backed off simultaneously. \"Help! Help!\" The younger adults didn't take care to fix anything about themselves or their surrounding as they ran to the master bedroom. Opening the door, Jim and Michelle came across a frightened Jeanine sitting upright in bed holding the covers over her body, and the more frightening sight of Jim's dad lying motionless on the floor with his eyes wide open. \"DAD!\" Jim rushed over to his father. \"DAD!\" He tried to get his father to move. \"What happened?\" a panicked Michelle asked Jeanine. \"I don't know,\" Jeanine was trying not to go hysterical. \"I think he had a heart attack. Oh god what should we do!\" She began having a panic attack. \"Okay try and stay calm! Jim, does your dad have a pulse.\" Jim searched for a pulse. \"I…I don't know…barely.\" \"Okay! Okay that's…well that's not good , but at least he has a chance. I'll call 9-1-1. Jim, you keep trying to revive your father until the paramedics get here.\" \"How!\" \"CPR or mouth to mouth.\" \"Mouth to mouth? On my father ?\" \"Jim, this is a man's life we're talking about!\" Jim frantically looked at Jeanine. \"Why can't you do it? He's your husband.\" \"I'm too traumatized!\" Jeanine cried back amidst her heavy breathing. Jim turned to Michelle. \"How 'bout you do mouth to mouth and I call 9-1-1?\" \"Jim, this is your father's life at stake!\" Michelle ran out the door to retrieve her phone. Not wanting to put his lips to his father's, Jim kept pushing down on his father's chest. \"We think he had a heart attack,\" Michelle was on the phone explaining to the dispatcher. \"My husband's doing CPR right now?\" She listened for a moment. \"Okay, I'll tell him.\" She lowered the phone. \"Jim, you have to do mouth to mouth.\" Jim pouted at her. \"DO IT!\" \"Okay!\" Jim leaned over his father, took a deep breath, and began performing mouth to mouth. On occasion, he rose with an extreme look of disgust on his face and spat at the ground before resuming his duty. The paramedics arrived a few minutes later, put Mr. Levenstein onto a stretcher, and headed downstairs to load him in the ambulance. Finally realizing his attire of a gray t-shirt and boxer shorts, Jim reached for his father's bathrobe and quickly put it on. \"I'm going to ride with them to the hospital.\" He raced out the door and down the stairs. \"Wait!\" Michelle chased after Jim. \"What should I do?\" Jim quickly turned and faced her. \"Get dressed and you and Jeanine meet us at the hospital.\" \"What about Evan?\" \"He's cool, he's probably still sleeping!\" And with that, Jim turned around, ran into wall, ignored his minor pain, and ran to the ambulance to ride to the hospital with his father. … About thirty minutes or so later—following a quick shower and attempts to calm Jeanine—Michelle arrived at the hospital. Then it took another ten minutes for her to park the car, wait in line behind some drunk idiots to ask where to find Jim and his dad, and then rush through what seemed like an emergency room maze to find her dejected looking husband sitting alone on a plastic bench in a busy hallway. She slowly approached him, but he didn't even acknowledge her. Jim had his head down and that's where it remained as she made his way over to him. \"Jim?\" she practically whispered his name. Jim didn't say anything. Unsure of what to do in this situation, Michelle sat on the bench beside him and began smoothing her hand over his back. \"Baby?\" No response. \"Is everything okay?\" Jim kept his eyes to the ground as he tilted his head toward Michelle. \"Coming here was pointless. Dad died in the ambulance.\" Tears began to pool in Michelle's eyes. \"Oh Baby,\" she hugged him, \"I'm so sorry.\" \"It's funny,\" Jim began, \"I can't remember my last words to him, but I remember my last words about him. About how I'm surprised Jeanine didn't wear him out.\" \"Baby, you didn't mean what you said.\" \"It's like every time something good happens to me, there's always something bad waiting to strike and it's usually during sex. I just…I never thought…\" Jim didn't know what to say. \"I don't know what to say or do right now.\" They didn't say anything for a moment. \"Is there anything you want me to do?\" \"Could you tell everyone what happened? I really don't wanna have to deal with that.\" \"Sure, sweetie,\" Michelle stroked the top of his head. \"You sure there isn't anything else I can do?\" \"I dunno, I just want to be alone right now.\" \"I understand,\" she planted a gentle kiss atop his crown and stepped aside to make necessary phone calls. … \"Yes, well I didn't force you to go to Mexico for your Great Abuela's one hundredth birthday, so this is your own fault,\" Finch was having a conversation with his lady love while sipping his mochaccino as a Woody Allen film droned in the background. \"I miss you too, but…hang on Selena there's another call.\" Finch pressed another button on his phone. \"Hello…no, this isn't a bad time. Is something wrong, Michelle?\" Finch listened intently as Michelle explained what happened. \"Oh no, that's awful. How's Jim?\" He continued to listen. \"Well, that's understandable. I'll come over and help with anything I can at a more appropriate hour. Oh, and listen, if there's anything you need me to do…Michelle, Michelle, you think so low of me. I said any thing I could do not any one …Yes, I promise I will comfort Stifler's mom emotionally and not sexually, I am in a satisfying relationship after all…there are some old habits that can be broken, you know.\" … Chris \"Oz\" Ostreicher wasn't too thrilled about letting go of the woman in his arms as her phone began to ring. \"Don't answer it.\" \"I have to answer it,\" she groggily told him. \"It can wait,\" he assured her. \"It's probably important.\" She freed herself from his embrace and reached for her phone. Oz pouted as he sat upright. \"Heather!\" \"Chris,\" she mocked him before looking at her phone screen. \"It's Michelle.\" Oz looked at the clock on the nightstand. \"Why is Michelle calling you this late?\" \"Something must've happened,\" Heather answered her phone. \"Michelle?\" With a sigh, Oz laid back down on his back and stared at the ceiling. \"Oh my God, what happened?\" That got Oz to turn his attention to Heather. \"Is Jim okay?\" Oz propped himself up. \"Is there anything I can do or…yeah, well thanks for letting me know. I'll come by later, keep me posted. Bye Michelle,\" Heather hung up and set her phone aside. \"What's up?\" \"Michelle was trying to get a hold of you, but she doesn't have your number.\" \"Why, is something wrong?\" \"Jim's dad died.\" \"Mr. Levenstein died? What…how?\" \"She's not entirely sure, but she thinks he had a heart attack.\" \"Oh my God. How's Jim taking it?\" \"All things considered he seems to be taking it okay. He hasn't broke down and cried or anything. I guess it probably hasn't sunk in yet.\" \"Poor Jim.\" \"I told her we'd be more than willing to help in anyway necessary.\" \"Does this mean helping with funeral expenses? I shouldn't be spending any more of my savings since my latest purchase,\" his eyes directed to the engagement ring on Heather's nightstand. \"Expensive, but totally worth it.\" Heather smiled at him. \"I guess I should consider that last part a compliment. It's nice to know I'm worth it.\" \"You are so much more than worth it.\" \"Thank you,\" she kissed him. Mid kiss, Oz could feel Heather tense up, so he pulled away first. \"Heather, is everything okay?\" \"Yeah, I just…I just think with this news maybe we should hold off on telling people about the engagement.\" \"Are you sure? This might be some sort of bright spot for everyone to look forward to.\" \"I think it's only fair that we celebrate Jim's dad right now and not us. We can tell them soon.\" Oz nodded. \"Yeah, you're right.\" He propped himself up against his pillows. \"I just want them to be the first to know.\" Heather raised her eyebrow at him. \"First to know? Don't you mean second to know?\" \"First, second, third, fourth, however many of our friends are there.\" \"Chris, my father knows about this, doesn't he?\" Oz tried to avoid eye contact. \"You did ask for his blessing didn't you?\" \"I thought about it.\" Heather groaned at him. \"Chris, you're already on thin ice with my father as it is!\" \"Heather, the man never liked me! You even said he threw a party when you first broke up with me! Plus ever since you left Ron for me he hates me even more.\" \"Okay, I admit Dad's been a little more than bitter since Mom left him for his best friend and he might have taken it out on you a little bit.\" \"A lot of bit,\" Oz grumbled. Heather rolled her eyes at that. \"Daddy's always wanted the best for me; he's just being a good father. But he has to understand that he can't always interfere with what I know is best for me.\" Heather began peppering Oz's face with kisses. \"And you,\" she was saying in between is kiss, \"are so much more than the best for me.\" \"Yeah, I know.\" Heather faked being upset and playfully hit her fiancée with a pillow. \"You're a jerk.\" \"I'm your jerk,\" he tenderly pulled her close for a romantic session. \"Wait,\" Heather broke away, \"are you sure this isn't an insensitive thing to do given what just happened with Jim's dad?\" \"Yeah, but… let's not think about that now. Let's think of this as celebrating our engagement, okay?\" Heather shrugged. \"Okay.\" And with that, they resumed where they left off. … \"Okay, thanks for your condolences Kev, goodbye,\" Michelle hung up the phone and went back to the bench where her husband sat. \"I told everyone we both know. Finch, Heather, and Oz are coming by later to help. Vicky has some work scheduling conflicts so she can't come, but she sends her love,\" Jim made a disgruntled noise at that. \"Oh and Kevin sends his condolences. He's not coming down while Ellie's due any day now.\" She sat beside Jim. \"If it helps he'll try and send us fifty bucks through the mail.\" \"Yeah, fifty bucks, that's great,\" Jim answered back with sarcasm in his tone. \"At least he's trying to help.\" \"Well that fifty bucks isn't going to bring my father back, is it?.\" With tears welling in her eyes, all Michelle could do was latch herself onto her husband and sob. Jim let out a deep breath and took her hand in his. \"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to snap like that.\" \"It's okay Baby; you have every reason to right now.\" \"I guess this means I have to be the responsible adult now.\" \"I have faith in you.\" \"Thanks, Babe.\" \"And as the responsible adult, you're going to have to tell Jeanine what happened.\" \"I figured.\" \"And Stifler.\" Jim looked at her. \"I have to be the one to invite Steve Stifler to a funeral ?\" \"He was also close to your father.\" \"But it's Stifler!\" \"Jim!\" Jim let out an annoyed grunt before giving in. \"Fine; but you have to pay for any damages.\" \"Don't I always?\" They shared a quick laugh before sharing a quick kiss. \"Come on,\" Jim rose to his feet as Michelle followed suit, \"I guess we better get home and plan a funeral.\" Endings aren't exactly my strong suit but this is a setup chapter and I had to set up stuff. Everything that's in this chapter is in here for a reason whether it's for an upcoming plot point/foreshadowing, or because I need to explain why a certain character or characters won't be appearing in this story (like Kevin). I suppose I should give out a character list as to who's who like I usually do for a first chapter. But for a couple reasons, I'll hold that off until the next chapter. Any feedback can be left at 1-800-HOW-AMI-DOIN or in a written review or PM where it won't be ignored.[Chapter 2] I thought this would be a surefire sign that this would continue if I got 2 chapters done and uploaded them at the same time. Hope nobody minds. Despite their circumstances, Jim was more than happy to have Finch, Oz, and Heather around. They truly were helpful when it came to organizing the funeral. Another helpful set of acquaintances? The MILF guys. Following their high school reunion, the MILF guys rekindled their friendship and decided to open a funeral business. It seemed strange to Jim until MILF guy number one (Justin) explained that he had a degree as a mortician and MILF guy number two (John) had an unhealthy obsession with death (among other things) and wanted to open his own business. Thus the Maestros In Life's Funerals Funeral Home was gracious enough to lend their assistance for Mr. Levenstein's funeral needs. Jim decided to hold the funeral at the same house Noah had lived in practically all of his (and all of Jim's) life. It wasn't as it was going to be a big funeral anyway (it was mid-October, everyone was going on with their normal lives and schedules) so the house was big enough to accommodate the guests. While it was a given Stifler would be invited, Jeanine requested that her other son Matt be in attendance for supportive reasons. Matt was living a few cities away attending college, but Matt's car had conveniently broken down and he couldn't come. Naturally, Jeanine suggested one of Jim's friends come pick him up for the funeral—which, of course, Matt said he'd be cool with as long as one of them \"wasn't a douchebag\". Then there was the issue of Jim's Uncle Mort. Mort, who was currently living in a retirement home, had been informed of his younger brother's passing, and demanded that someone \"better get off their lazy ass and come get me out of this shithole for one goddamn day\". However, due to a recent \"incident\" when Jeanine accompanied Jim and his dad on a visit, they agreed it would be best if they kept Heather away from Mort's \"pervy hands\". So Finch was assigned the task of picking up Uncle Mort while Heather and Oz retrieved Matt Stifler. Steve Stifler, however, would arrive if it was convenient for him. Those were close to his exact words. His excuse was he prepping for a book tour for his newest book and would \"try\" to show up for Jim's Dad funeral. Though Stifler admitted if there was keg at the funeral, he'd be more likely to show up. The day of the funeral, Heather and Oz left early to pick up Matt, Jim and Michelle readied for the funeral, and Finch cleaned out his car. \"Jim,\" Finch pulled Jim aside before Jim entered his house, \"is it cool if I park my car in the garage?\" Jim shot Finch a confused look. \"I thought you were using it to pick up Uncle Mort.\" \"After cleaning out my car, I've come to the conclusion that it's not big enough to fit to fit all of your uncle's things.\" \"It's only a wheelchair and an oxygen tank.\" \"Have you seen the size of my car?\" Jim pondered this for a second. \"Yeah, you're probably right. So what, do you need to borrow my car?\" \"No, I'm getting a ride with a friend.\" \"Oh.\" \"I figured I'd need some assistance with your uncle and his stuff anyway.\" \"That's good thinking.\" \"But uh…there's a problem.\" \"With?\" \"This friend.\" \"Is he imaginary?\" \"No, he's real. He's just…how can I put this delicately...\" Finch paused to think, \"I don't think his presence will be well received.\" \"Please don't tell me he's a clone of Stifler.\" Finch shot Jim an 'are you serious' look. \"Okay, yeah I really don't know what I was thinking there.\" \"Look, this friend is a really cool guy and I owe him a lot; he saved my life after a beach incident this summer.\" \"Beach incident?\" \"Could you just keep him away from certain people?\" \"Certain people like?\" \"Like Oz and Heather.\" Before a confused Jim could respond, a fancy looking car pulled up alongside Jim's house. The driver got out of the car and Jim's eyes went wide. \"Is that Dron?\" \"Don't judge, he saved my life.\" Finch waved at Ron. \"Hey Paul!\" Ron greeted Finch. \"He calls you by your first name?\" Jim whispered. \"It's a better name than Shit Brick,\" Finch quietly replied back before walking toward Ron. \"Hey Ron, thanks again for doing this.\" Ron scoffed at this. \"Hey, it's no prob. It's the least I can do for my fellow friends and acquaintances.\" Ron directed his attention to Jim. \"Hey Jason.\" \"Jim,\" Jim corrected. \"Oh, right, Jim , sorry about that.\" Yeah, bull shit, Jim thought as he watched Ron point to his car. \"Listen, we better gas up and go if we want to beat the mid-morning traffic.\" \"Yeah, good idea.\" Finch turned to Jim. \"I'll see you later, okay?\" \"Oh-kay,\" Jim waved to Finch. Ron went back to Finch and started leading him toward the car. \"Say Paul, is your lady friend coming with us or what?\" was the last thing Jim heard before Ron and Finch got into the car. Jim waited until they had driven out of sight before saying, \"Still an asshole,\" aloud. He remained outside on the front porch until a hearse with the world 'MILF' on the side drove up to the house. \"Wow, that's tasteful,\" Jim snarked as MILF guy number two got out of the driver's seat and ushered the pallbearers (including MILF guy number one) into the house as they carried a closed casket. A silent Jim followed behind. MILF Guy number two cleared his throat, \"We here at Maestros in Life's Funerals …\" \"MILF,\" both of the MILF guys solemnly chanted to themselves. \"…wish to extend our deepest regards and our warmest sympathies to you on this sad, sad day.\" \"Thanks guys,\" Jim thanked. \"Would you like to see the body before…before everything happens and what not.\" \"Yeah,\" Jim placed himself at the front of the casket. MILF guy two nodded at MILF guy one to open the casket lid. Jim looked intently at the contents of the coffin. \"John…who's this?\" \"Oh Jim; I asked myself the same thing when my grandfather passed away. I asked myself 'who is this man?'. I-\" \"No, who's this man in the coffin because this is not my father.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Are you asking me if I'm sure I know what my father looks like?\" \"People make mistakes in times of grief.\" \"Just look at the damn body!\" John did as he was told. \"Oh shit,\" he and Jim were staring at the corpse of an African-American man. MILF guy one also looked into the casket. \"I think we've taken the wrong body.\" \"Sorry Jim, we're very busy today. This type of thing almost never happens.\" Jim's eyes bugged out. \" Almost never happens ?\" John turned to Justin. \"Did I say that out loud?\" Justin nodded. \"This isn't Burger King ; you guys can't just mess up my order.\" \"Jim, relax, I think I know where he is.\" \"You think ?\" The MILF guys exchanged nervous glances. \"If we don't have the right body back here in the next hour then we're going have to substitute it with yours.\" \"We'll get him back in time!\" \"Yeah,\" MILF guy one agreed. \"Your dad's in one of two places.\" \"We're pretty sure it's the second place. Alright, guys pack it up.\" The pallbearers closed up the coffin. \"Now who's got my keys?\" \"You left them in the car, bro.\" An irritated Jim watched as they left the house. Once they were gone, he went upstairs to his room where Michelle was getting ready. \"Well,\" Jim began as he closed the door behind him, \"this day is off to a perfect start.\" Michelle turned and faced him. \"Everything okay?\" \"They brought the wrong body.\" \"They did what?\" \"They think Dad's body is in one of two places.\" \"Maybe we should have given better thought to choosing a funeral service.\" \"They were cheap and willing to help.\" Jim slumped onto the bed. \"I don't see how this day could get any better.\" \"Don't you mean worse?\" \"No because if I say that, then worse things will happen. It's bad enough no one can help a beyond depressed Jeanine, her deadbeat sons were of no help, and I gotta be the one to deliver the eulogy.\" \"Baby, you'll do fine.\" \"But I hate public speaking at serious events. Why do you think I blocked the C-Span channel?\" Michelle sat next to him. \"Plus everyone's gonna expect Stifler to have the eulogy.\" \"What? Why?\" \"Because Stifler's the writer.\" \"I wouldn't exactly call him a writer per say.\" \"Yeah, but people have actually bought and read his perverted books.\" Michelle gave a noise of agreement. \"Maybe I should let Stifler do the eulogy.\" \"Wow, I guess it's true what they say about people not thinking clearly in times in grief.\" Jim let out a small chuckle at that. \"Baby, no one here knew your dad as well as you. You're the only one who can really honor him today. I think he deserves that.\" \"Yeah, he does,\" Jim agreed. \"I guess there's no way to weasel my way out of this?\" \"Nope.\" \"Don't say I didn't warn you it'd be terrible.\" \"You have seriously low expectations for yourself. Jim, you really ought to start thinking more positive. Not just with delivering the eulogy but with other things like with that meeting with the realtor next week, or getting me pregnant, or being able to successfully open a small bag of chips.\" \"Whoa, back up for a sec! Did I hear you right? Getting you pregnant?\" Michelle fidgeted in her spot. \"Michelle!\" \"I know it seems like an inopportune time, but I'm ovulating today.\" \"Today?\" \"Yeah and I think now would be a good time for you to get me pregnant.\" \"But…but…\" Jim struggled to find the right words, \"…Michelle, we said we'd talk about this later.\" Michelle made a whiny noise. \"Less talk, more sex!\" Jim quirked his brow at her. \"Is that supposed to be an imitation of me?\" \"Maybe.\" \"It's actually not that bad.\" \"You think so?\" \"Can you do one of Finch?\" \"You can't change the subject that easily, Jim.\" \"Not with you, no.\" \"I'll just state my case as clear as I can: Jim, I want another baby and I think today would be the best day to go about making one despite your father's funeral.\" \"And I'll answer back with a let me think about it.\" \"What? Jim!\" \"It's my father's funeral. I can't just sneak off to knock up my wife. Think about it: if we start going at it , it'd be pretty obvious given the noises we make. Plus, I wouldn't know when to stop.\" \"That is a problem with you.\" \"Ignoring that last remark; I'll think about your offer and we'll talk about it later.\" \"Okay, but not too much later.\" Michelle patted his hand and resumed getting ready. \"We really only need to do it at least once, for at least a half hour.\" \"So I guess this means I should thank you for giving me something to look forward to later.\" … \"If you've seen one funeral, you've seen them all,\" Finch was carrying on a conversation as Ron drove down the highway. \"I mean they're all about death.\" \"I don't think funerals are designed for anybody to like,\" Ron noted. \"Funerals should be a way to celebrate someone's life. I think perhaps it started out like that, but got too depressing somewhere along the way. In fact: when I die, I want no grief. Just a celebration of my life. Do whatever you want with my body, but just have my friends and loved ones party in my honor.\" \"I'd prefer my funeral to be the saddest day ever. Not just for people who knew me, but for everybody. Stock markets crashing, businesses shutting down, women crying in the streets, you know a lot of rain would be a nice touch; maybe an eclipse.\" \"Hmm,\" Finch began scratching his wrist, \"how morbidly beautiful.\" \"Okay, Paul, what's up; that's like the tenth time I've seen you scratch there.\" \"It's nothing, I just-\" \"I'm a doctor, let me look at it,\" Finch showed Ron his wrist. \"Fuck; that's not normal.\" \"Oh, that's very reassuring.\" \"Is that even a rash or what? It's very splotchy.\" \"Splotchy? Is that even a word?\" Finch's face paled. \"Oh God, this is a sign. I'm dying!\" \"You're not dying.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Because I'm a doctor.\" \"You don't even know what the hell this is?\" \"Whatever's going on with you isn't my area of medical expertise. I'm a cardiologist, remember? I suggest you see a dermatologist or a general medicine practitioner. Maybe my good buddy Doctor Roger can check it out.\" \"Can you get me an appointment?\" \"I could do that. Or there's another option.\" \"Another option?\" \"Why bother paying to see Doc Rog?\" \"You call him Doc Rog?\" \"He's comin' to the funeral.\" \"What, really?\" \"He said he'd be happy to. Him and Mr. Levenstein go back a ways and besides, Doctor Rog is Mr. Levenstein's brother's doctor. And just between us: Doc Rog has an obvious thing for the recently widowed Mrs. Levenstein.\" Finch flinched at the mention of Stifler's mom. \"I'm on Roger's good side, I'll work my charm, get you a good deal.\" \"Thank you Ron that's very noble of you.\" \"Yeah, well, what can I say; I'm a nice guy.\" … Following a rest stop visit, a furious looking Heather stormed back to the car, practically tore open the passenger door, and slammed it shut. \"Unbelievable bastard!\" Oz did a double take before he started the car. \"What did I do?\" \"Not you; Ron.\" \"Ron?\" \"That son of a bitch invited my dad to the funeral and, of course, Dad said he'd come.\" \"So you're dad's gonna be at the funeral? That's…\" Oz drove onto the traffic filled freeway, \"…that's a comforting thought.\" \"You're going to have to tell him about the engagement and you're going to tell him in front of Ron—which won't be so hard to do; the two are so close, it's revolting.\" \"What?! No! Why?\" \"We have got to make both of them understand that I love you, and I'm going to marry you. Maybe if we told them off in front of other people they might get a fucking clue.\" \"So why do I have to be the one to tell them?\" \"Be the man, tell them! They don't seem to listen to me and more often than not attribute anything they don't want to hear me say to my period. That is not a legitimate excuse to disregard a woman with things to say!\" Heather didn't say anything for a couple of seconds. Then suddenly, she angrily stomped her foot on the carport floor and muffled an angry scream, startling Oz. \"Jesus, Heather!\" Heather took a few deep breaths to calm herself. \"Sorry,\" she apologized, \"I don't know where that came from.\" Oz kept his focus on the road as the traffic began to pick up. \"Are you okay today, Babe?\" \"Yeah, fine; I mean maybe if we stopped at a drug store for some snacks after we pick up Matt, I'd be better.\" Heather looked at him. \"I should be worrying about you.\" \"Why?\" \"You seem a little tense.\" \"Do I?\" \"Yeah, it's getting your face all red and sweaty, and your body's getting a little stiff. When we make that trip to the drug store, I'm going to get you some Valium or something.\" \"I guess it's this thing with Ron and your dad that's got me like this. I mean I was already feeling pretty bad with the funeral but-\" Oz stopped himself when he noticed the car in front of him had suddenly stopped. \"-Jeez dude,\" this was directed to the car in front of him (though that driver couldn't hear him), \"give a guy a warning next time.\" It was Heather who took action by stretching across Oz and slamming her hand on the car horn. \"ASSHOLE!\" A stunned Oz stared at her. \"What?\" He instantly directed his attention back to the road. \"Nothing.\" Endings, man; not exactly my best point but I felt everything that needed to be said in this chapter was. It was a decent place to end before they get the correct body back. So we haven't met every character, but practically everyone who will (and even will not) be making an appearance was featured or mentioned with the exception of like 2 minor characters so again, I'm going to hold off the character list just for one more chapter. I mean if you really, really wanna know beforehand I suggest Googling the movie (preferably 2010) for more info.[Chapter 3] So I noticed that I started the first two chapters with the word 'despite'. That was purely accidental. This time, however, it's intentional. Despite what happened earlier, Jim seemed calmer than he was before when the MILF duo returned with another casket. He waited in the living room as the pallbearers placed an identical coffin at the end of the room. John opened the lid. \"This is your dad, right?\" Jim looked into the casket and saw his father's body. \"Yeah,\" he solemnly stated. \"Yeah, that's my dad.\" \"I think now you'll find everything's in order.\" \"Don't expect me to tip you guys,\" Jim told John. \"Now before you go I want you to make sure you've got everything. Because once we bury my dad we're not going to dig him back up because you left your phone in the casket and you can't get on Twitter.\" \"Thank you for your concern, but I left everything with Justin.\" \"Where is Justin?\" John looked around at the empty room. \"Huh?\" He shrugged. \"So Jim, how's your stepmom holding up?\" \"Oh my God, really?\" \"Her well-being is of important interest to us.\" \"Yeah, we're done here, you can leave.\" \"I figured as much. And if you, your wife, or Stifler's Mom need anything-\" \"Goodbye, John!\" And with that, John left. Once it was clear, Jim sat at a chair near the casket and buried his head in his hands in utter annoyance. Michelle came back into the room carrying an assortment of flowers. \"Heads up, she's in a mood,\" she quickly warned before Jeanine came into the living room. \"You want me to put the flowers here, Jeanine?\" \"Sure, but what does it matter?\" she replied back. \"Flowers die, people die, everything is death.\" \"Why yes, I do think this is a nice spot,\" Michelle tried to remain upbeat as she set the flowers down. Jim got up and tried to give Jeanine a hug, but she kept distant. \"So uh, Jeanine,\" Jim began, \"that's uh…the dress is really…\" he tried not to call attention to her breasts, \"black is a good color on you. Maybe you should wear it more often,\" \"Bad idea,\" Michelle whispered through clenched teeth. Jeanine sighed. \"I know you're both trying to help and I appreciate it really, but the point is really moot.\" She looked down at the casket. \"This is the first time I've had a husband die on me, you know.\" \"I know,\" Jim answered back. \"It really sucks because I actually cared for the guy and now he's dead.\" \"I know.\" \"I could really use some support right now,\" as Jim and Michelle tried to move closer, Jeanine asked, \"Where are my sons?\" That got Jim and Michelle to stop in their tracks. \"Well, Oz and Heather are picking up Matt, and Stif—I mean, Steven hasn't even bother to tell us when or even if he's coming.\" \"That's just like that fucker to do that. Oh well, he is my son and I guess I do love him. I just don't expect much from him. It seems like everyone I care about abandons me.\" Michelle put one hand over heart and the other on Noah's coffin. \"Jeanine, are you sure there isn't anything I can do?\" \"You can get your hand off my husband's casket before you leave smudge marks.\" That got Michelle to quickly pull her hand away from the casket. \"Just let me know when people start showing up so I can put on a bra.\" … \"Does this guy even know who you are?\" Ron asked Finch as they drove (agonizingly slow) behind a bunch of old ladies on Rascal scooters. Finch nodded. \"Yeah, I've met the guy at your basic celebratory events for Jim; birthdays, graduation, the time we got banned from the pool.\" \"What?\" \"Jim lost his swim trunks in the pool so Mort took off his pants and got in the pool because he thought two naked people in a pool wasn't as embarrassing.\" \"Are you shitting me?\" \"That's among many reasons why they call this man a pervert.\" Finch spotted the man out the car window. \"There he is over there,\" he pointed to the home's main entrance where Uncle Mort was waiting. \"What that guy?\" Ron looked at the dejected looking man in the wheelchair. \"He seems harmless.\" \"Yeah, seems harmless.\" Once the car stopped at the entrance, Finch got out of the car with Ron following behind. \"Hey Uncle Mort, remember me?\" Mort looked up at him. \"I'm Jim's friend Finch. I'm going to take you to the funeral.\" A frown crossed Mort's face. \"Where the fuck have you been you fat bastard? If you took any longer I'd be the one in the box today.\" \"Nice to see you too.\" … \"Oh you cocksucker!\" a pants-less Matt Stifler was on his couch playing a violent video game with a friend. With both hands on the control, Matt had to crane his neck to hold his cell phone to his ear. \"How would you like a missile up your ass?\" Matt laughed as he pressed some more buttons. \"What?\" he continued playing the game. \"Yeah, I got 'em right here.\" More gunfire from the game. \"What kind of question is that? Of course they fucking work? The guy's a Pharm Tech after all. How do you think he got the legit looking prescription bottle to stash them in?\" Another pause as Matt resumed playing. \"Yeah I tried them; they will blow your mind. My buddy Ernie filmed me on this shit and I watched what happened and it was pretty fucking funny. Too bad I don't remember any of it though. YES!\" Matt threw his control down in victory. \"No, you can't pick it up today; I gotta go out of town for a funeral.\" A pause. \"Yeah, I'm takin' it with me; I'm not risking someone breaking into my apartment and stealing this shit. Have you heard about all those robberies on campus? It's an epidemic or something.\" There was a buzz from outside the apartment. \"Hey, gotta go, my ride's here. I'll call you when I get back.\" He hung up his phone and went to answer the door. \"What up, people?\" The two on the other end of the door weren't exactly pleased to come across this sight. Not knowing what to do, Oz gave an awkward wave. \"Nice to see you again, Matt.\" Matt nodded at Oz. \"Oz,\" he turned to Heather, \"Oz's lady.\" \"Do you always answer the door half naked?\" Heather questioned. \"Only when I know there's a sexy lady on the other side.\" \"Put your pants on, Matt.\" \"Ooh, I like it when a woman takes charge.\" \"Now!\" \"Okay, okay, take a compliment.\" He stepped aside. \"You guys can come on in if you want, but I'll only be a minute.\" \"Thank you,\" Heather entered the apartment with Oz close behind. \"Hey Oz,\" Matt noticed Oz tug at his shirt collar, \"you okay? Do you need a Xanax or something? I get some from my Pharm Tech pal for free.\" \"I'll take care of Chris, you go put your pants on,\" Heather ordered. \"Will you spank me if I don't?\" Heather glared at him. \"Pills are on the table,\" Matt went into his room. \"Okay,\" Heather searched the messy table, \"but where on the table? There are like six different pill bottles here.\" She quickly read over the labels. \"Oh great, he's got some Valium. Chris, sit down over there; I'll get you some water.\" Oz sat down at a chair beside the couch while Heather went into the kitchen. \"I dunno, are you sure I should take some pills? I gotta drive.\" Heather came back into the living room carrying a bottled water and the prescription for Valium. \"Relax, I'll drive.\" She opened the pill bottle and handed him a Valium. \"Are you sure I should take this? I mean don't people use Valium to get high?\" \"They shouldn't; Matt probably does though. I work in a hospital I know what Valium's actual purpose is; it's used to treat anxiety. It's totally safe for you to use.\" \"I guess I should trust my nurse,\" Oz quipped before swallowing the pill. Matt came back into the living room. \"This good enough?\" Heather inspected his attire. \"Matt, you're wearing jeans.\" \"They're black, aren't they? Is the dude gonna be any less dead if I didn't wear them?\" \"Fine, whatever, I don't have time to argue,\" Heather put the pill bottle she was holding in her purse. \"I'm taking these with me for Chris. Make sure you grab everything you need and let's go.\" She and Oz left the apartment. \"Keys, phone,\" Matt searched his pockets, \"pills.\" He quickly looked over the pill bottles on the table before grabbing one on the end and heading out the door. … \"What up douchecocks?\" leave it to Steve Stifler to make a memorable entrance. \"Lovely sentiment, Stifler,\" Jim noted as he rose to greet his stepbrother. \"Nice to see you showed up.\" \"Are you kidding? And miss the opportunity to throw the most awesome after funeral party?\" \"You are definitely not doing that.\" \"Yeah, well, we'll see.\" Stifler noticed Michelle. \"Hey sexy step-sister-in-law,\" he (inappropriately greeted) unaware that Evan was standing next to her. \"Steven,\" Michelle deadpanned. Stifler noticed Evan. \"Oh, hey kid; forgot you're still here.\" Michelle lowered herself to Evan's level. \"Evan, could you go play in your room for a bit while Mommy and Daddy have what I'm sure will be an unpleasant conversation with your Uncle Stifler?\" \"Okay Mommy,\" Evan ran upstairs to his room. \"Thanks again Steven for the appropriate use of language in front of my five year old.\" \"Yeah, no prob,\" Stifler responded back. \"So,\" Jim tried to instigate a new topic of conversation, \"how was your flight?\" \"Not too bad; except I had to buy the seat next to me to avoid sitting next to some person. Them first class ticket expenses really add up don't they?\" \"I wouldn't know.\" \"There was also like a shit-ton of turbulence which is kinda a downside to first class.\" \"I can't really imagine how.\" \"Think about it: if the plane crashes and you're near the front when that fucker hits the ground,\" Stifler mimicked a crashing plane complete with his own personal sound effects. \"Oh that's real nice talk, Steven,\" Stifler turned around and saw his mom standing behind him. \"Mom!\" Stifler gave his mother a hug. \"How's my favorite widow?\" Jim gestured to his friend. \"Steve Stifler; the man with the excellent choice of words for every occasion.\" … It became pretty clear letting Heather drive was a bad idea. Much to the guys' surprise, Heather had a serious bout of road rage. This was evident when a car cut her off. Heather slammed her hand on the car horn, drove up beside the guy, rolled down Oz's window and yelled, \"We're on our way to a funeral asshole; have some respect!\" before quickly speeding off. Maybe I should take another one of those pills , was Oz's first thought. That thought immediately left his mind, however, when Oz noticed something outside- even though there was nothing on the other side of him- and stared out the window in amazement. When Heather got off the freeway, things calmed down and everyone was quiet for a while. That is, until Matt Stifler broke the silence. \"So Heather,\" Matt leaned forward from his place in the backseat with a seductive grin on his face, \"you still fucking this guy?\" The car suddenly came to a halt and Matt fell backwards. \"Oops, sorry about that,\" Heather had a devious smile on her face as Matt remained in the back. Oz was looking around in a panic. \"You didn't hit that dog did you?\" Heather shot him a confused sideways glance. \"What dog?\" Oz sniffed his hand. \"A Dalmatian or a schnauzer; some kind of Disney looking dog. Is that why you stopped the car, so you didn't hit the dog?\" \"Oh that: I just stopped the car to get keep that little jerk in the back seat. There was no dog.\" \"You didn't see one in the car?\" Matt leaned in toward Oz. \"You sure your boy toy's okay?\" Heather ignored Matt. \"Chris, Honey, what are you talking about?\" \"Huh?\" Oz shrugged and slumped back in his seat, \"I dunno.\" … Back at the house, Jim and Stifler were standing by the casket. \"Your dad was a pretty cool dude, Jimbo,\" in some way, that was a nice compliment coming from Stifler. \"Thanks Stifler.\" \"Pretty awesome drunk too.\" Jim made some sort of undistinguishable noise while Stifler cackled at his memories. \"Man those were some good times.\" Stifler continued cackling for another moment. \"It sucks that he died.\" \"Yeah,\" Jim agreed. \"And hey, I know this is a bad time but I don't know if we're gonna be alone later so I have to ask you now.\" Stifler and Jim faced each other. \"I'm gonna need your half of the funeral costs.\" Stifler sucked air through his teeth. \"You agreed to split it with me.\" \"I honestly don't remember doing that. Was I wasted when you asked me?\" \"Wasted or not; you promised to split the costs and I need your half.\" \"Sure, sure, I'll get it to you later.\" \"Later today ?\" \"Fuck no; I don't have the money today.\" \"You don't…\" Jim was dumbfounded. \"What, did it go into buying an extra first class ticket for you imaginary girlfriend?\" \"I meant I ain't got the cash. And with all due respect Jimbo, I think we should talk about this later.\" \"Since when do you give a shit about respect?\" Stifler gasped. \"James, that is such inappropriate language to use at a funeral.\" \"You said the word 'fuck' not even a minute ago. Come on Stifler, we need to talk about this now.\" \"Dude, give a man some time to grieve over the loss of his beloved stepfather,\" Stifler started walking away. \"You are being so inconsiderate today.\" I thought it'd be best to stop when the funeral guests start arriving so that's why we got multiple scenes with a lot of the same characters. Speaking of characters; here's our established character list [for the record, I'll be using the name of the 2010 characters from DAAF ]: Jim- Aaron Stifler- Ryan Michelle- Michelle Finch- Norman Oscar- Oz Elaine- Heather Jeff- Matt Stifler Derek- Dr. Ron Douglas (introduced in American Reunion ) Stifler's Mom- Cynthia MILF Guy #2 (and #1)- Brian Jim's Dad- Edward Michelle and Jim's son Evan isn't based on a specific role, but since he's canon you can't ignore him so I tried to fit him in here. I don't recall if Jim's Uncle Mort was ever seen, but he was mentioned in the first American Pie and American Reunion so I decided to give him a role as the crotchety Uncle Russell. I had to create some OCs to fit roles; like Heather's father to fill in for Dr. Barnes (Elaine's father). We do know Heather went to med school and Ron was a cardiologist at her hospital so I thought that would make sense if Heather's father was also a doctor. I named him Roger because I liked the name Roger and I thought it fit seeing as though his character is close buddies with Ron (might as well share a similar sounding name right?) I think there are only like 3 upcoming characters we meet later so I didn't include them in here.[Chapter 4] I think now may be the chapter where everything starts picking up and everybody starts showing up for the funeral. And no, this chapter won't start with the word 'despite'. I think that was just a \"third time's the charm/annoyance\" deal. \"Where the hell did all these cars come from?\" Ron griped as he struggled to find a parking space. \"You have to get to events like this at a preferably early point in time,\" Finch noted. \"But seriously there is no place to park.\" \"Screw it;\" Ron noticed a small availability, \"I'm taking this spot.\" \"It looks too close to the corner; you could get a ticket for parking there.\" \"I'll take my chances.\" Ron was getting ready to turn into the spot when another car pulled into the spot (all the while honking their horn to warn them of their presence). \"You've gotta be kidding me!\" \"I'll handle this,\" Finch got out of the car as the people in the other car did too. \"Hey! HEY!\" He got their attention. \"You can't park there!\" \"Don't mess with me today, Finch,\" Heather called back to him. \"Come on; it's the last spot closest to the house.\" \"Yeah, and it's for family.\" \"You're not family.\" \"No,\" Heather gestured to Matt, \"but Matt is.\" \"By marriage!\" \"Still counts,\" Heather started to head off. \"Heather!\" the voice of her ex-boyfriend stopped her in her tracks. \"Shit,\" she muttered before she turned around to see said ex standing outside of his car. \"Why are you here, Ron?\" \"Emotional support, really. Not just for the Levensteins but for you as well—I figured you'd need a real shoulder to cry on.\" She rolled her eyes at that. \"Oh, please.\" As she made it onto the sidewalk, she noticed her current boyfriend standing in front of the car staring at the sky in some sort of daze. \"Chris!\" Oz turned around in a complete circle before turning toward Heather. \"Chris, come on.\" Finch and Ron neglected to notice the car that drove up in front of their car waiting to turn until the agitated driver honked their horn. They also neglected to notice Uncle Mort until Mort began banging on the car interior with his cane screaming obscenities. \"Dammit!\" Finch commiserated, \"I've got an actual family member.\" Mort rolled down his window and began hitting Finch with his cane. \"OW!\" He rubbed his sore spot. \"Let's just get out of the way.\" \"Yeah, you do that,\" Ron tossed him his keys. \"What? Why? Where are you going?\" \"I've gotta talk to Heather.\" \"Dude!\" \"I'll save you a seat inside, okay!\" \"Ron!\" Mort struck Finch with his cane again. \"Come on Fat Boy; we're gonna be late!\" Another hit. \"Keep it up old man and I guarantee you will be the one in the box next!\" … An idiotic grin was plastered on Oz's face as he, Heather, and Matt walked down the street toward the Levenstein house. \"It's very green here isn't it?\" He laughed. \"It's so green! It's so green that it's like…\" he started moving ahead of his companions, \"it's like we're inside a lime or something.\" Heather and Matt stopped and exchanged confused glances. When Oz noticed they were stopped, he stopped too. \"Am I right or am I left?\" He stretched out his arms and began spinning. \"Chris?\" Heather and Matt ducked as Oz spun in their direction. \"Chris,\" Heather stopped him and held him still, \"are you sure you're alright?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"It's just all this stuff about dogs and things being green; I mean what's up with that? What's going on with you?\" \"Hmmmmmmmmm,\" Oz swung her arms every which way he could, \"what are you talking about?\" He let go, and began spinning around until something caught his eye. \"Whoa, no way a free concert!\" He hurried over to a bunch of garden statues (which rested on someone else's lawn) that were holding instruments in their hands. \"Hey, what's crack-a-lackin' homies?\" Matt tapped on Heather's shoulder. \"So what's up with the wacko of Oz over there?\" \"I don't know,\" Heather replied as she and Matt watched Oz \"jam\" with the band. \"It's gotta be the Valium.\" \"Valium?\" \"Yeah, I gave him one to calm him down.\" \"Valium? I don't have any…\" a sudden realization dawned on Matt, \"Oh!\" \"He's probably not used to it; I mean this has got to be some sort of reaction.\" \"Yeah, right, from the Valium.\" Matt tried to be inconspicuous as he slowly left the scene. … Jim and Stifler were at the front of the house greeting the guests. \"Jim,\" Stifler whispered after another middle age woman passed them, \"who the fuck are these people?\" \"Friends and family of my dad,\" Jim quickly answered back as he greeted another mourner. \"I wouldn't expect you to remember all of these people you met at our parent's wedding.\" \"No shit?\" Stifler looked around the room and took notice of a particular person. \"What about that guy? I didn't see him at the wedding and I think I'd remember seeing a guy like that at the wedding.\" Jim took notice of a dwarf in a black leather jacket near his father's coffin. \"What side of your family is he on?\" \"Neither side. That guy must be one of dad's work friends or something.\" \"Sure, whatever,\" Stifler whistled as he looked around the room. \"You did a good job putting together this funeral, Jimbo.\" \"Is this your way of saying I have to pay for this whole funeral?\" \"For now, for now; I mean just until my next book advance.\" \"What am I a damn credit union? God damn!\" Jim stomped his foot. \"Jesus Christ, Stifler!\" Stifler gasped. \"James, watch your language!\" \"What the fuck are-\" the clearing of a throat behind Jim made Jim turn and face the Holy Man behind him. \"Hello, Reverend.\" \"James,\" the extremely serious man acknowledged Jim before glancing at Stifler and clearing his throat. \"Oh, sorry, Reverend, this is my stepbrother, Steve Stifler.\" Stifler and the reverend shook hands. \"I assume you're the writer in the family that I've heard about.\" \"Yes, sir, I am,\" Stifler was trying to act like a gentleman. \"I was hoping to meet you.\" \"Oh, are you a fan of my work?\" \"Your work is tasteless and crude and sickens me.\" \"Ah.\" Jim was secretly enjoying this. \"However, my daughter is a fan of your teen romance novels and she would quote unquote 'love me forever' if you would autograph it for her.\" The Reverend removed a book and a pen from his inside suit jacket pocket \"Be happy to,\" Stifler took the items and signed the book. \"So, your daughter's a fan, huh? How old is she? Eighteen? Nineteen?\" \"Twelve.\" Jim suppressed a giggle at Stifler's reaction. \"Ah, well…it's nice to see the young folks are reading.\" Stifler awkwardly passed the book and pen back to the reverend. Once the reverend let, Jim burst into laughter. \"Shut up!\" \"You wrote a novel for teenagers ; of course the 'young folks' are going to read it.\" \"Just because you write a romance novel about two teenagers doesn't make it a teen novel. The genre is called 'young adult' after all.\" Stifler took notice of another funeral guest. \"Now that looks like someone I'd want reading my books.\" Jim's eyes focused on this particular guest. \"Kara? The neighbor girl I used to babysit? The girl who's eighteenth birthday we went to?\" \"Oh yeah, she's legal!\" \"Stifler, she's not even a full adult yet!\" \"Aw, poor thing looks sad.\" \"No she doesn't.\" \"I think I'm gonna go comfort her.\" \"Dude!\" \"I'm just being neighborly.\" Stifler strode over to Kara. \"Yeah, why don't you offer her a juice box while you're at it,\" Stifler didn't hear that last remark. Jim paced around for another moment before taking a seat and pulling out a selection of notecards from his pockets. \"My father was an exceptional man,\" he quietly read aloud to himself. He came into this world on-\" \"December 17, 1953,\" an unfamiliar voice interrupted. Looking up, Jim noticed the dwarf in the leather jacket standing in front of him. \"Hello, Jim.\" \"Uh…hi,\" Jim was rendered speechless. \"How…how's it going?\" \"I'm so sorry to hear about your father. You know, he talked about you a lot.\" The dwarf cleared his throat. \"Did he ever mention me?\" Jim looked at him confused. \"Oh, sorry, I'm Frank Peters,\" Frank and Jim shook hands. \"Frank Peters?\" Jim took a second to think. \"Actually, I don't think Dad's ever-\" \"Jim!\" Jim was interrupted by his wife. \"Jim, we need to talk,\" without using the actual words, her face communicated what the discussion would be about. Jim nodded to her before turning to Frank. \"Listen Frank, I have to go; but thanks again for coming.\" \"I'm sure it'll be a great eulogy, Jim,\" Frank walked away. Jim couldn't help but anxiously stare at Frank for a moment or two before Michelle reminded him of her presence. He went over to her and she escorted him upstairs where there weren't any people. \"What now, Michelle.\" Michelle made sure the coast was clear before continuing. \"Jim, you and I need to…we need to get on top of that situation .\" Jim groaned. \"Michelle, I'm not in the mood right now. Can this wait a little while, or-\" \"I'm not wearing any panties.\" Jim's jaw dropped. \"My dead father is downstairs in a room full of people; put on some underwear!\" \"Well excuse me for trying to be sexy.\" \"At a funeral?\" \"I need to get you in the mood if you're going to get me pregnant. Now listen: I know you asked for a little more time, but I think you can do this in five minutes.\" Michelle noticed Jim wasn't paying attention to her. \"Jim?\" Jim was looking downstairs into the living room. \"You see that guy down there?\" Michelle was about to crane her head to look when Jim reprimanded her, \"No, don't look!\" \"But how can I-\" \"Don't let him catch you staring.\" \"Okay, sorry,\" Michelle tried to look at him. \"Are you talking about the dwarf in the black leather jacket?\" \"It's kinda like he's stalking me. He knows who I am, but I don't know who he is. Do you recognize him?\" \"No. He's gotta be a friend of your dad's.\" \"He asked if my dad mentioned him.\" \"Look, don't worry about that now.\" \"It's gonna drive me nuts if I don't find out who he is.\" Michelle grunted. \"Yeah, this baby-making deal obviously isn't happening right now.\" \"I'm sorry, but maybe later.\" \"Whatever, I'm going to listen to Jeanine bitch at me about how offering someone a drink doesn't bring back the dead.\" \"Put some underwear on before you touch the food!\" Jim waited until she went into their bedroom before heading down the stairs. As he made his way down, he noticed Frank giving him an intense stare down. Distracted (and freaked out), Jim missed a step and fell down the last couple of steps gathering everyone's attention. He let out a nervous laugh and pointed to the stairs. \"Gotta fix that step.\" Sorry if this chapter seems shorter, but it seemed best to end it here. I believe every important character has been introduced or mentioned by this point. Now I can point out that Frank, the reverend, and (eventually) Heather's dad are OCs of mine. Kara—like Dr. Ron—we were introduced to in American Reunion so if she seems familiar, she is. Also, I chose the dwarf's name because in the 2010 movie his name is Frank, but in the 2007 movie it's Peter (like his actor for both films, Peter Dinklage). I figured Peter was the first name of the character and the actor so I'll use the name Frank like they did in the 2010 version. For the record: I don't know how old Noah Levenstein is. I don't think they ever tell us. I did some math though. Jim graduated in 1999 and the age you (usually) graduate at is 18—or in my case 17 because my birthday was after June—so the logical year of Jim's birth is 1981. It seemed that during the first American Pie Jim's dad was at least in his forties so I chose the year 1953. It seemed like an appropriate year, it would have made Noah 45 (almost 46) during the first events of the movie. So I took a little liberty with that. Jim's dad's birthday is a nice little tribute to his actor, Eugene Levy.[Chapter 5] I don't really have anything more to say so I'll just get this going. \"Hey Heather, I hope you don't think me rude when I ask this, but,\" the guest tried to find the right way to word their question, \"is there something wrong with Oz?\" \"It's just a bad reaction to some medicine,\" Heather informed. \"He's never had it before and-\" \"Hey, hi, excuse me,\" before Heather could process what was going on, she was being led away by Matt. \"Matt, what the hell?\" \"I need to tell you something really important and I'm pretty sure you're gonna get pissed at me.\" \"I swear to God if you're trying to hit on me again-\" \"It's actually more about Oz than you. However, if you would like to hit on you then I'd be more than willing to-\" \"MATT!\" \"Okay, okay!\" Matt took a deep breath. \"I know what's wrong with Oz and it's kinda, sorta my fault.\" \"What's that supposed to mean 'kinda, sorta your fault'?\" \"What you thought was Valium was actually…not.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"See you thought you gave him Valium but you didn't.\" \"So what did I give him?\" \"I'm not at liberty to discuss that.\" \"Matt!\" \"Let's just say you gave him an hallucinogenic.\" \"A what?\" \"You know something like Acid, or Mescaline, Special K, the good stuff,\" Matt forced a laugh. Heather hit him. \"Matt, this isn't funny! Why do you have that?\" \"Well who comes into a dude's apartment and starts popping pills?\" \"You gave me permission to give him something for his anxiety. How was I supposed to know the labels were disguised? You could go to prison for something like this!\" \"Not if you don't tell.\" \"I'll make a deal with you: if you can fix all of this and get Chris…normal, then I will keep my mouth shut.\" \"Okay, I can do that.\" \"So now what? Should we tell him what happened?\" \"No, that'll only freak him out more. Just don't let him spend too much time alone with any one person.\" There was some rustling to the side of them. Apparently, Oz had fallen face first into a bush. \"Or a bush.\" \"Chris!\" \"Hey!\" Matt stopped Heather. \"I need those pills back.\" \"I don't know if I can trust you with them.\" \"Heather, please.\" \"Fine,\" Heather reached into her purse for the non-Valium and handed it to Matt. \"Just keep it somewhere where you won't lose it.\" Heather hurried over to Oz. \"Ain't gonna lose it in my pants,\" Matt whispered as he dug for his pockets. He found a pocket, widened it so that he could put the pills in there, brought the pills close to his pocket… \"Matt, a little help here!\" …and the pills missed the pocket and fell to the ground. It's not like Matt noticed though. Once he thought they were safe in his pants pockets, he rushed over to try and keep Oz from going over a fence. … \"Jim,\" Doctor Roger called for Jim's attention. \"Hey Dr. Gardner,\" Jim greeted. \"Everything okay?\" \"When are we going to begin the services? I may or may not have surgery later and I'd like this funeral to be over by then.\" \"Soon; we're just waiting on Uncle Mort.\" Dr. Gardner nodded. \"Yes, fine, understandable. Also: I was having a conversation with your stepmother and she said that you're delivering the eulogy.\" \"Yeah, well, I am the son of the dead guy, so…it makes the most sense.\" \"Oh, yes that's not my concern. You are the only one qualified to give this eulogy.\" \"So what exactly is your concern?\" \"You didn't write the eulogy yourself did you? \"Uh, yeah, I did actually.\" \"Jim, you may not remember, but I was there at your final for your freshman speech class.\" \"You were?\" \"Primarily for Heather, of course, but you and your intense fear of public speaking, the stumbling of your written words, and the subsequent defecating of your pants were the most memorable parts of the evening.\" Jim bit his lip and nodded hoping not to say anything he'd regret. \"I'm merely suggesting that you let your stepbrother write the eulogy for you. He is the writer after all.\" \"I'm sorry; but do you know who my stepbrother is?\" \"Unfortunately; but Steve Stifler does have a gifted way with words despite his personality.\" \"Excuse me,\" a humiliated Jim excused himself. Meanwhile, a gleeful Oz sauntered into the living room. However, his mood quickly turned to panic when he noticed the man who hated him standing near the stairs. But when Roger noticed Oz, Oz tried to play cool. \"What up, playa?\" he asked Roger. \"Christopher,\" Dr. Gardner bitterly greeted. He then watched as Oz began to walk in a circle as if he saw something and was trying to acquire it. As he began walking toward Oz, someone else entered the living room. \"Heather!\" \"Dad, hi!\" Heather went over to hug her father. While she did that, Matt stopped Oz from trying to eat a lamp. \"How are you?\" \"Oh, fine.\" He looked at Oz. \"I see you brought your friend with you.\" The engagement ! Oz was supposed to tell Roger that he and Heather were engaged. Now it appeared that responsibility had fallen on Heather. \"Dad, you know Chris is more than my friend. In fact, Chris and I are-\" \"Doc Rog!\" Ron began heading toward his friend. \"Doc Ron!\" Roger hugged Ron. \"Good to see you.\" \"Likewise,\" Ron eyed Heather. \"Heather, hi. You're looking lovely.\" \"Yeah, well,\" she reached for a nearby Oz and pulled him toward her, \"I'm also looking like I'm in a happy relationship.\" \"Looking like doesn't exactly imply that you're actually in a happy relationship.\" \"Well,\" Heather sidled closer to Oz, \"I am. Right, Chris?\" Oz was sniffing her all the while letting out some sort of moan. Heather faked a laugh. \"We're so happy in love he can't control it. That's enough, Baby, save some more for later,\" she pushed him off of her and he wobbled where he stood. \"Mom!\" thank God for a distraction. Matt went over to his mom and gave her a genuine hug. \"Hey, Mom, how're you holding up?\" \"Oh,\" Jeanine dabbed her eye with a tissue, \"I've been better. I'm just glad you showed up.\" \"I only showed up for you, Mom.\" Jeanine went over to Heather. \"Thanks again for picking up Matt.\" Heather hugged Jeanine. \"I was more than happy to. And remember if there's anything you need from me or Chris today, please don't hesitate to ask.\" \"Oh, you're like the daughter I've never had but always wanted,\" Jeanine said this as Michelle was passing by. \"You know, Steven is single.\" \"NO!\" Heather said that a bit too loudly. \"No, I'm with Chris,\" Heather grabbed a groggy Chris and pulled him forward. \"You remember? Oz?\" \"Oh, Oz! Nice to see you again, Oz.\" Trying to go in for a hug, a dazed Oz fell forward and rested his head among Jeanine's massive breasts. \"Sorry about your loss,\" his sentiment was muffled into her chest. \"Yes, thank you,\" Jeanine forced him off of her. Oz planted a sloppy kiss on her and then led his own acapella version of ' Amazing Grace '. Thankfully before he hit the high note, he got distracted and started to wander off. Heather feigned another laugh and started after him. \"Oz is a little under the weather,\" Matt covered for him. \"We gave him some medicine and this is just a side effect. I promised Heather I'd help out with him today.\" He noticed Oz standing behind them with a magnifying glass to his mouth. \"Let me know if you need anything from me, Mom,\" Matt gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and went toward Oz. \"Hey Oz, bro, maybe we should get some fresh air.\" \"How much does it cost?\" Oz inquired as Matt led him outside. A frazzled Heather stood by the front door trying to catch her breath. She wasn't sure how much more she could take. Her ex-boyfriend coming over was of no help either. \"Trouble in paradise?\" \"Go away Ron,\" she demanded. \"If you were truly, happily in love then why aren't you wearing that rock on your finger?\" Heather's eyes went wide? \"How do-\" \"I was at the same shop when he bought it- for a different reason of course. He spent a fortune on it too, from what I listened in on.\" \"Oz asked me to marry him a few hours before Mr. Levenstein died. We didn't want to take the focus off of Mr. Levenstein so we agreed to wait to announce our engagement.\" \"I'm surprised Doc Rog hasn't mentioned it.\" \"Dad doesn't know about it, and neither do you! Keep your mouth shut.\" \"For you, I'll do it.\" He and Heather watched as Oz tilted back and looked up at the sky with a huge smile on his face. \"What is he looking at?\" \"Chris!\" Heather hurried over to Oz and she and Matt propped him upright. \"Come on, Baby, let's go inside.\" Ron stepped aside as Heather and Matt escorted Oz inside. Before he went inside, he looked up at the sky. \"Seriously, what was he looking at?\" … An exhausted Finch had gotten Uncle Mort from the car to his wheelchair and then proceeded to roll the curmudgeon for at least a mile (and up a hill) toward the house. When they were in sight of the house, Finch stopped for a moment to catch his breath. \"Are you happy you cranky bastard? We're here.\" \"A little exercise ain't gonna kill you, fatty.\" Mort stamped his cane on the ground. \"Keep going!\" Finch rolled his eyes and grumbled as he turned to the front of the house. \"Oh crap, stairs.\" \"Quit your bitching and get me up the stairs, woman!\" … \"So Kara,\" Stifler was sitting backwards in the chair in front of her, \"have you ever been to a funeral before?\" Kara shrugged. \"I don't know if I have; I might have when I was little.\" \"That must have seemed so, so long ago.\" \"I thought I'd come and pay my respects. I was their neighbor and I did get to know Jim and Mr. Levenstein. I think it's the least I could do for them by coming here.\" \"Yeah, that's a sweet thought. And who knows: maybe you might meet the man of your dreams at the funeral.\" Kara shot him a weird look. \"Stranger circumstances have brought together true love before.\" When Kara smiled, Stifler thought he made progress. When Kara waved and said, \"Hi, Jim,\" that thought quickly escaped Stifler's mind. \"Hello Kara,\" Jim politely greeted. \"It's very nice to see you; thank you for coming. Oh and Stifler, your seat is up front next to your mother.\" Stifler glared at him. \"She's waiting.\" Stifler looked at Kara. \"To be continued?\" Kara nodded. \"Oh and Jim, that creepy short dude's looking for you. I think he wants to uh,\" Stifler made some inappropriate gestures. \"It's not a gay thing, Stifler; get your mind out of the gutter.\" \"Sure it isn't,\" Stifler winked at him and took his place up front beside his mother. Before Jim could take another step, he heard a few choice words being shouted outside (with a few occasional thuds as the wheelchair banged against the steps). Fortunately (Jim noticed), Michelle was able to cover their four year old son's ears. \"Uncle Mort's here.\" Jim went in search of the reverend. \"My uncle just arrived; we can start soon.\" The reverend acknowledged Jim and headed into the living room. Jim also passed by Oz and Heather. \"I want our wedding to be like this,\" Oz was directing this to Jim. Jim glanced over at Heather. \"Heather is he okay?\" \"It's a reaction to some medicine he took,\" Heather was prepared to use that excuse all day. \"I'm pretty sure your uncle's here; we're gonna go sit down.\" She led Oz to the living room. Finch struggled up the steps and into the house where Jim was now waiting. \"Finch man,\" Jim started, \"what happened? What took you so long?\" \"Hi Jim,\" Finch tilted his head slight. \"Hi, Jim.\" \"Finch, are you okay?\" \"Yeah just…\" Finch was taking deep breaths as he spoke, \"just seeing double or…hi, Jim.\" \"Why don't you go inside and sit down.\" \"Sit…down? Sit,\" Finch slid to the floor. \"Crap,\" Jim tried to get the attention of the nearest non-wheelchair bound person, \"Hey Ron!\" That person happened to be Ron. \"Can I get a little help here?\" Ron headed over to him. \"Sure Jason.\" \"Jim.\" \"Right.\" Ron nudged Jim out of the way and took the handles of Mort's wheelchair. \"Actually, I was hoping you could help with Finch.\" \"I think he's fine there; let him catch his breath.\" \"But we need to get him in the living room so-\" \"Ladies and gentleman,\" the reverend spoke, \"if you could all take your seats and we shall begin the service.\" Facing the choice between helping Finch or getting Uncle Mort inside, Jim blew off Finch and helped get his uncle into the living room. Once in, Ron hurried to the open seat behind Heather (much to her annoyance) and Jim took his seat up front beside his wife. The reverend continued, \"We are gathered here today to mourn the passing of a fine man who-\" He paused when he saw Finch stumble in. \"Sorry about that Reverends,\" Finch took the closest open seat he could find. \"Sorry folks,\" Finch apologized. He then flailed his arms in a sort of gesture for the reverend to continue. \"Don't mind me, do your thing.\" Jim sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. This is the stuff he had to put up and the day wasn't even over yet. The actual funeral begins in the next chapter.[Chapter 6] I don't really have anything else I need to add (not that anyone would care anyway). So we're just gonna jump right into it again. Unfortunately for Heather, the last available seat closest to the end for Finch was next to Ron and behind her. The reverend had barely begun his speech when she felt an obsessive poking on her back. \"What?\" she turned around and hissed. \"I may not be technically family, but neither are you,\" Finch harshly whispered. \"The point, Finch?\" \"One: I've been a friend of this family longer than you have and you only became a friend of this family through your boyfriend. Second: After what I went through today with that pervy old bastard—who is an actual blood relative of Mr. Levenstein- I think I deserve a little respect.\" Finch was accentuating points by poking Heather. \"Poke me one more time little man, and I will kick your ass,\" Finch, having never seen this side of Heather, backed away in his seat. Ron, however, was clearly turned on by this. \"You think you're the only one having a rough day, Finch? Quit making this about you! Now shut up and leave me alone.\" She faced forward. \"I think it's only fair that I get my point across.\" \"Finch,\" Jim was leaning back and loudly whispering, \"what's going on?\" \"She took my parking spot.\" \"Dude, my father's dead have a little respect,\" When Jim faced front, Stifler looked back at Finch, smiled his wide smile, and flipped Finch off with both middle fingers. When the reverend ended his brief, serious sermon, Oz wasn't doing his best at suppressing a hysterical laughing fit. The reverend, however, attempted to ignore Oz and continue on. \"And now we'll hear a word from Noah's son, James.\" It was the moment of truth for Jim. Michelle gave him a quick back rub and a kiss on the cheek as a nervous Jim rose to his feet, took his place center in front of the casket, pulled out his notecards and cleared his throat. \"Uh, good afternoon everyone…er, I should say afternoon—it couldn't possibly be that good.\" Another laughing fit from Oz. \"Thank you, Oz; even I didn't think it was that funny.\" Jim looked down at his notecards. \"My father was an exceptional man. He came into this world on December 17, 1953- an exceptional time—where Dwight \"Ike\" Eisenhower was president, and the top song the week he was born was ' Rags to Riches' by Tony Bennett . You all know that song,\" Jim sang an excerpt from that song (as best he could acapella) much to the awkward silence of the crowd. To be fair, an enthusiastic Oz did give him a round of applause. \"Encore!\" \"Ha, ha, no,\" Jim eyed the audience before he tore his eyes back onto the notecards. \"So that was the song. And even though I considered Dad to be the man of the year every year, Time Magazine decided the man that year was some German man who's name I honestly don't know how to pronounce,\" another laugh from Oz. \"I see I have one fan out there.\" An excited Oz was looking around the room quietly humming as Jim continued giving his eulogy. As he looked over the casket, his eyes went wide with fear. \"Hey,\" Oz tried to get Heather's attention. \"Hey.\" He managed to get her attention. \"What?\" \"Did you see that?\" \"See what?\" \"The coffin just moved.\" \"No, it didn't, Baby it's just your imagination.\" Finch shushed her. \"Have a little respect Heather.\" This time Heather was the one who flipped him off (only with one finger, unlike Stifler) \"He's alive in there!\" Oz was adamant on that. \"We gotta get him out!\" \"No!\" Heather tried to stop Oz from standing. \"The coffin's moving, we have to stop!\" Jim feigned a small laugh. \"Guess I lost my one fan.\" \"We have to get him out!\" \"You can sit down now, Oz.\" \"No, someone's alive in there!\" Oz started toward the coffin. \"What the hell's wrong with you people? I gotta save him!\" Heather tried to hold him back, but it was no use. At some point both Stifler Brothers even got up to help keep Oz back. It was hard to describe everything that happened in the ensuing scuffle, but what happened next was clear. The coffin had gotten knocked to the ground, the lid had opened, and Noah Levenstein's body came rolling out onto the living room carpet. This made Jeanine scream and run in fear, Roger and Michelle chase after Jeanine, Evan chase after Michelle, Oz try to revive the body but be dragged out by Jim and Finch (with Heather close behind), and the Stifler brothers putting the body back in the coffin. Uncle Mort, could clearly care less about everything. \"Just bury the son of the bitch and get it over with!\" … Jim made sure they were alone outside before he yelling, \"Oz, what the fuck?!\" Heather got in the middle between them. \"Jim, I am so sorry.\" \" You're sorry!? Is that supposed to make everything okay?\" \"There was someone in the coffin!\" Oz protested. \"Yeah, my dead father!\" \"Jim, calm down,\" Heather restrained Jim from going after Oz. \"There is something wrong with him today and Matt and I are trying to keep him from doing anything stupid or dangerous.\" \"Oh you mean like the stupid thing he just did in there? Heather, what the hell is going on with Oz?\" \"I'll explain everything later; could you please just go back inside?\" \"Yeah, fine; Oz can make this up to me at my father's NEXT FUNERAL,\" Jim turned to go back inside. \"Jim!\" Michelle ran over to her husband. \"Jim-\" \"NO I WILL NOT HAVE SEX WITH YOU!\" Somewhat taken aback, Michelle did manage to remain cool. \"That's not what I wanted to ask. I just wanted to know if everything's okay?\" \"No, but apparently Heather's sorry,\" Jim hurried back inside with Finch and Michelle soon following. The three of them passed Heather's angry father. Roger stormed outside and was pointing at Oz. \"You're dead!\" \"Dad!\" Once again, Heather was in between Oz and someone trying to kill Oz. \"Dad, leave it alone, please.\" \"Leave it alone?! Heather, I can't believe you brought this maniac!\" \"He's just having a reaction to some Valium.\" \"Quit covering for him, he's obviously high on something else. People on Valium don't knock over coffins!\" \"It's not his fault! Please, Dad just go inside.\" \"I never want you to see him again.\" \"Dad!\" Roger returned his focus to Oz, \"This isn't over Ostreicher! You're going to pay for this!\" … Stifler clapped his hands together before addressing the guests. \"So we've hit a bit of a snag here; but it's all good, we're getting everything back in order. Until then ya'll can mingle, have some refreshments, and we'll get this going when everything's cool.\" \"Burn his body and get it over with!\" Mort suggested. \"Cool, thanks for the suggestion.\" \"By the way, I read your last book.\" Stifler seemed pleased with this. \"That's awesome, thanks dude.\" \"I'm not giving you a compliment, you arrogant fuck. The book was shit and I wouldn't wipe my ass with it.\" Stifler noticed Kara giggle at that. \"Now come on Blondie,\" Mort wheeled over to Stifler, \"get me some food.\" He whacked him with his cane. \"OW! Fuck!\" All the while, Finch stood by and watched this in amused delight. … Heather and Oz were sitting outside away from the guests. \"I'm not crazy!\" Oz was using hand gestures as he described what he saw. \"I saw the coffin move!\" He put his hand over his face. \"Am I losing my mind?\" \"You're not losing your mind,\" Heather assured. Oz pulled his hand away, took a second to look at it, raised the other hand, and stared at them in a wide-eyed panic. \"Why are my hands so big?!\" \"Focus!\" Heather got Oz to stop for a minute. \"I have to tell you something important.\" \"But my hands-\" \"Your hands are normal-sized, trust me. Chris, Baby, you have to listen to me.\" \"Of course I'm listening Hannah.\" \"Heather.\" \"Gesundheit.\" Heather blew that last part off. \"Okay, do you remember that Valium I gave you earlier?\" Oz shook his head no. \"Yes.\" \"Well it wasn't completely Valium.\" Oz said nothing. \"Chris? Did you hear me?\" \"WHAT?\" He yelled. \"AM I GOING BLIND?\" … \"Dr. Gardner,\" Finch ran over to Heather's father. \"I was wondering if you could look something over for me? See, I've got this rash on my skin-\" \"Might I suggest seeing a dermatologist,\" Roger tried to walk away. \"I would, would I have the insurance or a trusty dermatologist.\" He showed him his wrist. \"This isn't deadly is it?\" \"It's probably just a pigment mutation?\" \"Mutation? Like…a mutant? Am I going to turn into some half-human, half-Hulk creature?\" \"It's either a pigment mutation or an allergic reaction. Whatever you have I'm sure it's not deadly. Now if you'll excuse me,\" Dr. Gardner walked away. Finch began to follow. \"How sure?\" … \"You did this!\" Matt was caught off guard by Oz attempting to strangle him. \"Chris, stop!\" Heather managed to get him off of Matt. \"He drugged me!\" Matt looked at Heather. \"You told him? I told you not to tell him!\" \"How long does it last?\" \"Not long…just eight hours or so.\" \"EIGHT HOURS!?\" Oz stumbled backwards. \"Baby?\" Heather took a step toward him. \"I'm gonna be sick,\" Oz ran off toward the bathroom. Heather and Matt were facing each other by this point. \"This is all your fault!\" \"You gave it to him!\" Matt pointed out. \"Then you told him when I asked you not to.\" \"You have illegal drugs in your possession! You're the one who'd be facing criminal charges if this ever got out.\" \"Okay, that's a fair point.\" \"And unless you fix this then I'll make sure the word gets out. Now come on,\" she and Matt began running after Oz. Oz ran into the house, up the stairs, into a bedroom, \"No, not in there!\" out of the bedroom, into the bathroom, and slammed the door on Heather. \"Chris!\" She opened the door. \"I have a weapon,\" Oz was holding a blowdryer. \"Get back or I'll blow your head off. Put your hands up!\" \"Are you kidding me?\" \"HANDS UP!\" Heather did as he wanted. Oz took the opportunity to slam the door again, lock it, and run to the toilet. Heather tried to get the door open. \"Chris! Come on, open the door!\" \"Uh, Heather,\" she didn't notice Matt had caught up with her. \"Remember the one thing you asked me not to do earlier with the pill bottle.\" \"Not now, Matt!\" \"But-\" \"Not, now!\" \"Fine, but I'm not going to be held responsible if this happens again!\" Matt left the area all the while searching for something of major importance. \"Matt,\" Jim noticed Matt on the hunt as Matt came down the stairs, \"what are you looking for.\" \"I'm not at liberty to discuss that,\" Matt kept doing his thing. \"Grief does strange things to people,\" Jim turned, looked down, and notice Frank standing behind him. \"Hello, again,\" Jim greeted. \"There's something I need to discuss with you.\" \"Can it wait?\" \"If there's somewhere private we can go.\" \"No, I guess it can't.\" So things have picked up and we've left on a cliffhanger. What does this mysterious man have to say?[Chapter 7] Moving on… Jim led Frank into the den. \"Hmm,\" Frank examined his surroundings, \"this room doesn't surprise me. This does seem like your father's style.\" \"Uh, thank you, I guess,\" Jim sat on the sofa behind a glass coffee table. \"So uh, what did you want to talk about?\" \"I would like to start out by saying that despite you not knowing who I am, your father and I were once very close.\" \"Okay.\" \"We spent a great deal of time together.\" \"Sure.\" \"And I have some photos of me and your father; a few snapshots of our brief time together.\" \"Oh, do you want me to put them on the picture boards?\" \"I don't really think that's an appropriate thing to do.\" \"Exactly what kind of pictures do you have?\" \"I have a collection of photos from when your father came to Las Vegas last summer. Oh, here's one of your father and I in front of the theater that played Kinky Boots - that's a great show by the way, I recommend you go see it.\" \"So you met my father when he went to Vegas last year with his wife ?\" \"He seemed to have lost her somewhere at a casino and was waiting at a bar when I found him. He had a few more drinks, and then we had a night on the town.\" \"Right, okay, you met him one time and the two of you hung out while he was wasted. I don't think that qualifies you two as being close.\" \"No, but I think this will,\" Frank handed Jim another set of photos. Jim took them with reluctance, looked at them, and tried not to throw up after looking at them. \"I took them as a sort of souvenir. I knew your father would be hungover in the morning and forget all about me, but I didn't want to forget about him.\" Jim set the photos face down on the glass coffee table in front of them. \"Does Jeanine know about this?\" \"No.\" Jim breathed a sigh of relief. \"And she won't know so long as I get what's owed to me.\" Jim raised his eyebrow. \"What's owed to you?\" \"That magical night we shared together was rather expensive and I was never reimbursed. I truly fell in love, but I knew it could never be. I got nothing out of this but a broken heart. I at least want what I paid for the night your father and I shared together. The expenses totaled to $29,975 and sixty-three cents but I figured a nice round number would be appropriate.\" \"Heh?\" \"I want $30,000.\" \"What? Are you high or something? I'm not going to give you $30,000.\" \"Then I have no other alternative but to show these photos to your stepmother.\" Frank reached for the photos. Fortunately, Jim snatched them off the table before Frank could get his hands on them. Jim put them in his suit pocket and headed for the door. \"Wait here.\" Closing the door behind him, Jim began walking around the house in a daze. \"Oh Jim,\" a male guest stopped him, \"I was just telling George about this time in college where your father got so drunk and he made us all go skinny dipping,\" the guest (and George) laughed. \"Isn't that funny?\" \"Yeah, hilarious,\" a shell-shocked Jim continued through the house. … Heather heard Oz scream inside the bathroom. She tapped on the door? \"Chris?\" \"There's a man trapped in the mirror!\" he called back. \"That's you!\" \"I'm trapped in a mirror?\" \"Unlock the door and I'll come save you.\" \"Heather,\" a voice drew her attention from the bathroom door. Ron's appearance was the last thing she needed. \"There anything I can do to help?\" \"You can leave.\" \"Fair enough,\" instead of going away from her, Ron came toward her, \"but first I want to know what you're doing this weekend. I got tickets to-\" \"No you don't. You're just trying to find any excuse to try and get me back.\" \"He doesn't deserve you.\" Ron tapped on the bathroom door. \"You don't deserve her!\" \"Is that the man in the mirror?\" Oz questioned back. \"How did he get out there when he's right here?\" \"Uh-huh. Heather, are you sure this guy's okay?\" … \"So I'm currently residing in LA for the moment,\" Stifler was trying to flirt with Kara. \"You ever been to LA?\" \"Only once,\" Kara answered, \"with my parents. Mom won two free tickets to a Celebrity Dance Off show and took me and Dad with her. Besides going to the show, all we really did was stay at our hotel.\" \"What? Then you haven't really been to LA. You should come and visit this summer for your birthday. You'll be turning what, twenty-one?\" \"Yeah.\" \"You know twenty-one and eighteen are my favorite numbers. You know what; you should save up some money and come to LA. You can pay me a visit and we can hang out, see the sights, maybe get to know each other a little better.\" Jim cleared his throat to get his attention. \"Hey Stifler, could you take some time away from your flirting? I need to talk to you.\" \"Jim, we're grieving here.\" Jim tilted his head toward Kara. \"Kara, could you give us a few minutes here?\" \"Sure Jim,\" Kara seemed eager to do anything her former babysitter asked. \"To be continued…again,\" Stifler called after her. \"Jim, what the fuck?\" \"Stifler, you were right.\" \"I like hearing those words but I'm not sure what I'm right about.\" \"About the dwarf being gay.\" Stifler laughed. \"Oh my God, he did try to have gay sex with you!\" \"No, actually he was blackmailing me.\" \"Into gay sex?\" \"He didn't want gay sex with me!\" \"Oh, don't feel bad, Jim; I'm sure your wife still finds you attractive.\" \"Stifler, could you be serious for like five minutes?\" \"Fine. So the gay dwarf wants to blackmail you?\" \"Apparently he and my dad shared a drunken night together in Vegas.\" Stifler sucked air through his teeth. \"Your dad is a pretty awesome drunk. I bet he and that guy did a ton of shit they'll regret.\" \"I'm pretty sure my dad didn't remember it.\" \"I betcha gay dwarf guy did.\" \"Oh, he did,\" Jim took the pictures out of his pocket, \"and he's got the pictures to prove it.\" \"Whoa!\" Stifler flipped through the photos. \"I know this is kinda sick and disgusting but kudos do your dad for getting into those positions.\" Jim quickly took the photos back. \"So why are you telling me this? Shouldn't you be talking to your wife?\" \"I came to you because your mom is involved.\" \"Take a closer look Jim: my mom's not in these photos.\" \"No, the guy is going to show these pictures to your mom unless he gets $30,000.\" \"That's a lot of money.\" \"Yeah, that I don't have.\" \"You know: you might want to reconsider my gay sex suggestion.\" … \"I don't get it Paul,\" Ron was complaining to a distracted Finch. \"I mean I'm a fucking heart surgeon. What does she see in that poser that she doesn't see in me?\" \"This seems way more serious than it should be,\" Finch was referring to his splotchy wrist that he was currently digging at. \"I knew you'd understand.\" Finch looked up at him. \"Sorry what; I didn't even realize you were sitting there.\" \"You still scratching that thing?\" \"Dr. Gardner believes it's either a pigment mutation or an allergic reaction. Hey, do you know if there a person can get an STD on their wrist?\" \"I'm really not the person to ask about that.\" \"Yeah, you're right. I'm going to go find Dr. Gardner. Do you know where he is?\" \"He's probably outside hitting on Stifler's mom.\" \"Who now?\" … \"I'm merely suggesting I treat you to dinner to ease any more stress,\" Doc Rog was putting on the charm. \"I'm not trying to move in on you so soon after your husband's death. This is merely a dinner get-together as friends.\" Jeanine let out an aggravated sigh. \"Okay, what do you want out of this?\" \"Pardon?\" \"You won't a hand job? A blow job? What?\" \"No, nothing like that! I just want the pleasure of your company.\" \"Well, isn't that fucking sweet.\" She paused. \"My dead husband was like that. Just wanted to go on a date for the sake of dating; I mean who the hell does that?\" \"Gentlemen.\" \"They still exist?\" \"Dr. Gardner!\" Finch called to him. \"Oh great, him again,\" Roger wasn't too pleased to see him. \"Jeanine, why don't we continue this inside?\" \"Because I'm already out here,\" she remarked back as she took out a cigarette. \"If you want to avoid him, be my guest.\" Roger said nothing more as he hurried off. Finch had finally made his way over as Roger left. \"You just missed him.\" Finch turned and officially faced a blast from the past. \"Stifler's mom.\" \"Finch.\" She blew a smoke ring and gestured for him to sit down. Reluctantly, he did. \"Been a while since we've been alone, hasn't it?\" \"Yes ma'am it has.\" Finch nervously cleared his throat. \"So how are you holding up?\" \"I've been better. Yourself?\" \"Can't complain.\" \"So where's your little girlfriend?\" \"In Mexico, visiting some family.\" \"Oh that's right, you actually have one this time.\" \"Yes, I do.\" Jeanine shrugged. \"I guess it was bound to happen sooner or later.\" MUST RESIST TEMPTATION the thought rang in Finch's mind. MUST RESIST TEMPTATION. \"So,\" Finch nervously tugged his collar, \"can I get you a drink?\" \"How about a scotch?\" Finch immediately rose to his feet (this was all too familiar for him). \"Well this has been fun, but I think I have to go to the bathroom.\" \"You think ?\" \"Goodbye Jeanine,\" a nervous Finch turned to run, but tripped over his own two feet not too long after. \"That could have been avoided.\" As he laid on the ground, Jeanine walked past, dropping her cigarette close by and stomping it out with her heel as Finch watched. \"Be more careful next time, young man.\" Finch unconsciously let out an erotic moan as he watched her walk away. \"Still got it,\" he said aloud. Bringing himself to his feet, something in the grass caught his eye. \"What the?\" he picked up the pill bottle. \"Who brought a Valium to a funeral?\" … \"Seriously Stifler, stop suggesting gay sex,\" an exasperated Jim demanded as the two of them walked around the backyard. \"Either way; you're the one who's gotta pay him.\" \"Me? Stifler, what the hell? You've gotta have some money stored away? Don't you have a savings, or a nest egg, or even a damn piggy bank?\" \"I wish I did, Jim but I'm debt up to my ass. I am broker than a washed-up child actor. My options to get more money are to write another crappy book or appear on a reality show.\" \"Stifler, it's not fair that I have to pay for all of this funeral stuff and then turn around and increase my debt by paying some gay dwarf to keep his mouth shut.\" \"All of this is because of your dad, Jim.\" \"And he became your dad by marriage.\" \"Stepdad, bro; big difference.\" \"Jim,\" Michelle ran over to them, \"the reverend wants to start the funeral soon.\" \"I'll meet you in the den, Jimbo\" Stifler headed off. Jim took a moment to think. \"Okay, tell the reverend we're gonna be another ten minutes.\" \"Are you sure everything's okay?\" Michelle questioned. \"Let's just say we won't be able to move as soon as we hoped.\" \"What's that supposed to mean, exactly?\" \"I wouldn't have said that if I didn't have a good reason.\" \"So what's the reason?\" \"You're just going to have to trust me on this.\" \"Jim!\" \"I'll tell you later.\" \"Jim!\" too late, Jim hurried off after Stifler. Meanwhile, another Stifler brother was about to cross Michelle's path. \"Matt?\" Matt looked up at her. \"You Jim's wife?\" Michelle nodded. \"Hey, aren't you the girl Jim had sex with in my bedroom in 1999?\" \"How do you-\" \"I was hiding in the closet, but that's not the point.\" \"Um, okay, I'll try to ignore what you just told me. What are you looking for?\" \"I can't tell you until I find it.\" \"Then how can I help if I don't know what you're looking for.\" Matt paused. \"Maybe you can help me.\" He tried to find a delicate way to word his upcoming query. Hypothetically: how would you cure a person who's accidentally taken acid?\" \"Why do I get the feeling this isn't hypothetical?\" \"It's for my pharm tech exam.\" \"Sure it is, Matt.\" FUN FACT: The thing where Matt says he was in his closet the night Jim lost his virginity to Michelle was a deleted scene in the first American Pie . I figured that kind of explained what the hell happened to Matt the night of the party. I mean, he couldn't really go anywhere else so where was he when all this shit was happening? Why wasn't he in his bedroom? It was a kind of last minute inclusion I actually enjoyed incorporating.[Chapter 8] I think we about passed the halfway point of the movie this is based on. I mean we're already 7 (now 8) chapters in and I can't tell you where this is going to end. Something else I wouldn't mind being told is how I'm doing with characters and canon. Honestly, I hardly remember Matt in the first 2 movies and I did not watch Band Camp (or any other straight to DVD sequels). So any feedback is good and makes me feel better about myself—and I could really use a self-esteem boost right now if I'm being honest. But enough about me; you just want to get back to the story, don't you? I should warn you though: in addition to being just a little bit longer than the other chapters, this chapter is also a little more disgusting. Nothing like sexual or anything; just unsanitary stuff you probably wouldn't want to read about or picture in your mind. But hey, it was in the movie. There may also be some more naughty, naughty language in this chapter. You've been warned. Jim and Stifler entered the den. Frank was casually lounging on the sofa expecting their entrance. \"Afternoon, gentlemen,\" he nonchalantly greeted. \"You must be Jim's stepbrother, Steve. Hello, Steve; I'm Frank.\" \"There's no need for formalities,\" Jim sat at his father's desk, \"let's just get this over with.\" \"Fine by me.\" \"If I ,\" Jim put heavy emphasis on the pronoun, \"write out this check, you give us the photos, and you stay away from Stifler's mom.\" \"Deal.\" \"Good. Now who should I make this check out to?\" \"Frank Peters, or cash; cash would also be appropriate. Just so long as I get what I deserve.\" \"What you deserve?\" Jim paused for a moment. \"I can't do this,\" he ripped up the check. \"Uh, Jim,\" Stifler hurried over to Jim's side, \"Jim, if this is about not having the fundage, I can totes pay you back.\" \"Totes? No, I'm going to ignore the fact that you just used that word,\" Jim got back on topic. \"Stifler, this strange freak shows up on my dad's funeral demanding I pay him money that I don't have and wants what he deserves or he's going to drag your mother into this?\" \"The dude's got pictures.\" \"And he can post them on Facebook for all I care!\" Frank sighed. \"Fine,\" he rose to his feet. \"Just remember Jim: this is all on you.\" \"Hey, hey, hold up,\" Stifler blocked the door. \"I know talking sucks, but maybe we should probably do that.\" \"There is nothing to talk about. Now if you'll excuse me.\" \"I could, or…\" without warning, Stifler attacked Frank, pinning him on the ground. Jim was shocked by this. \"Stifler, man, what the hell?!\" \"Don't just stand there; get some rope.\" \"Oh yeah, I carry that on me all the time. Where am I gonna find some rope?\" \"I dunno; my mom's bedroom.\" \"Wow, that is just wrong on so many levels.\" \"Help!\" Frank tried to scream. Stifler snapped his fingers at Jim, \"Just give me your tie.\" Jim pulled off his tie in a frenzy. \"You can't expect to bind him with a tie! He's not that small.\" \"I'm gonna gag him.\" \"You're putting my tie in his mouth?\" \"You got any other suggestions? Come on: I'll hold him down, you gag him.\" Jim did as Stifler told him to. \"OW! He bit me!\" \"You'll get over it!\" Stifler looked around the room. \"Hey, get that rope from the curtain and tie his legs while I hold him down.\" Jim tried to follow Stifler's instructions. \"Man, this guy can kick! It's like we're in a fucking rodeo.\" \"He's pretty strong for a midget.\" \"Dwarf.\" \"Whatever!\" Jim and Stifler were too busy wrangling up Frank that they didn't notice Finch come in. \"Hey, is everything okay in here?\" He viewed the scene. \"Should I come back later?\" \"Shut the door, Shit Brick!\" Finch did. \"Uh, who is that guy and what are you doing to him?\" \"He's a midget having a seizure.\" Jim gave Stifler a stunned, yet disapproving look. \"Stifler-\" \"Sorry, dwarf having a seizure!\" \"That's not the issue here, Stifler!\" \"Not now Jim, this small person is having a seizure! We're trying to help this man, but he's putting up a fight.\" Finch dug in his pockets. \"Here, I found some Valium; this should calm him down.\" He rushed over to what he thought was a medical emergency and managed to insert more than one Valium into Frank's mouth. \"At least we got one in; that should calm him.\" \"Hey cumbuckets,\" now Matt had entered, \"I think I need some help.\" Stifler turned to Finch. \"What the hell, Shit Brick? I told you to lock the door.\" \"You told me to shut the door,\" Finch corrected. Matt pointed to Frank. \"Care to share what's going on?\" \"Apparently this man is having a seizure.\" Matt put his hand to his chin in thought. \"Yeah, okay, but that still doesn't explain why he's tied up.\" \"We don't want him to swallow his tongue.\" Jim and Stifler shot Finch an incredulous look. \"It can happen, you know.\" This time Finch gave Jim and Stifler a suspicious look. \"Yeah, why is this guy tied up?\" Jim stood up. \"I can't keep this up: I have to tell someone.\" He pointed at Finch and Matt. \"But you two have to promise to keep your mouths shut.\" Finch and Matt nodded. \"He's not having a seizure. This guy's name is Frank and he's blackmailing me for $30,000. The reason Stifler's in here with me is because this kinda concerns his mom.\" \"Uh, my mom too you know,\" Matt pointed out. \"What is he blackmailing you over?\" \"If I could tell you, it wouldn't be blackmail, would it?\" \"Steve, what's going on?\" \"Chillax, little bro,\" the elder Stifler brother tried to assure the younger Stifler brother. \"The dude's just got some pretty damning evidence that he'll show Mom unless Jim pays him.\" \"What are we going to do with him?\" Finch questioned. Jim gestured to Stifler. \"Ask Steve; he's the one who jumped the guy.\" \"Stifler, you attacked a midget?\" \"Dwarf,\" Stifler corrected. Jim gave Stifler an 'are you serious' look. \"Does that really matter now?\" Stifler put his hands up in a sort of surrender. \"Finch, how long is that Valium gonna last?\" Matt immediately looked at Finch. \"Valium, what Valium?\" Finch dug though his pocket again. \"I found a bottle of Valium outside. We gave him a few to calm him down.\" Matt snatched the pill bottle. \"How many is a few?\" \"He was only supposed to get one but they fell in his mouth.\" \"How many?\" \"At least four or five.\" \"Four or five?!\" Finch (and even Frank) nodded at that. \"You're shitting me right?\" \"Why?\" Even a gagged Frank repeated that question from his place on the floor. Matt gestured for the guys to follow him into the nearby bathroom. \"Since you kinda trusted me with this blackmailing secret, I need to trust you guys with my secret.\" \"I'm guessing what we gave him wasn't Valium?\" \"Good guess.\" Jim took the bottle from Matt and pointed out the obvious. \"Yeah, but the bottle clearly says Valium.\" Matt took the bottle back. \"It's just a cover.\" \"So what did that guy just swallow?\" \"Acid…mixed with acid.\" \"Acid!?\" \"Basically.\" \"MATT!\" \"But if it's any consolation, Heather's already blackmailing me.\" Steve quirked a brow to his brother. \"Choir chick?\" \"See, Oz accidentally took one earlier and Heather agreed she'd keep her mouth shut if I helped get Oz back to normal.\" \"That explains what the fuck's wrong with Oz today.\" \"Matt!\" Jim was appalled. \"Why do you even have this?\" \"Quick question,\" Finch held up his finger before continuing on, \"you said Oz only had one of these, right?\" Matt nodded. \"And if one was enough for Oz to knock over Mr. Levenstein's coffin there's no telling what four or five of those will do to that guy.\" \"Yeah, especially because he's so short,\" Stifler pointed out. \"And calling an ambulance is a pretty moot point because we could all be arrested for involuntary giving the guy drugs.\" \"Not to mention possession of drugs,\" Matt added. \"We are up shit creek without a paddle,\" the older Stifler brother commented. Jim tried to be cool. \"Matt, is there a chance that Frank can die from an overdose?\" Matt tried to find a way to answer that question. \"It kinda, sorta, depends.\" \"Is that a yes, or a no?\" \"It's a maybe.\"' \"Seriously!?\" There was a pounding on the den door. \"Whoever's in there better get their asses out here so we can get this funeral over and done with it!\" Jeanine demanded from the other end of the door. \"We'll be right there, Jeanine.\" Jim gestured for the other three to join him in a huddle. \"They'll be expecting me and one of the Stifler brothers-\" Steve pointed to himself, \"Probably me.\" \"-out there. So while we're out there: Finch, I need you and Matt to stay in here with the door locked and keep an eye on Frank. You know, make sure he doesn't escape or anything.\" \"Hold up, I'm supposed to keep an eye on Oz,\" Matt reminded. \"Oz isn't our biggest concern right now. He locked himself in the upstairs bathroom a while ago; I'm sure he's still in there.\" … Oz was still in the bathroom. An overwrought Heather sat on the floor outside the bathroom door patiently waiting for her boyfriend. Her patience was about to be tested, however, when her ex-boyfriend came back over to her. \"Why are you putting me through this Ron?\" \"I actually came to tell you that everyone's gathering downstairs to resume the funeral,\" Ron admitted. \"But now I think maybe you should hear me out.\" \"Ron-\" \"The only reason you stopped going out with me is because your dad likes me.\" \"What?\" \"You're going through some sort of rebellious phase with him and-\" \"My father has nothing to do with this. I'm in love with Chris! I've always been in love with Chris. It broke my heart when I had to break up with him but he wasn't ready to settle down yet. But when he came back...so did all of my feelings for him. And it's like he never left.\" \"We dated for nearly two years.\" \"And I never had that spark with you. Don't get me wrong, I did love you.\" \"Let me guess: you just weren't in love with me.\" \"I didn't regret our relationship until you and my father tried to control my love life. After we broke up I realized how much of a jackass you really are.\" \"That was a little bit harsh, there.\" \"No, that was honest. Honesty was never something you could handle. Now Ron, could you please leave me alone?\" \"Fine,\" Ron turned around and headed down the stairs. When he come down the stairs, he got into the path of Uncle Mort. \"Oh, hey there Mort.\" He noticed Mort was eating some spicy food. \"Should you really be eating that?\" \"Fuck off, pretty boy!\" Mort spoke with a mouth full of food. \"Geez, sorry.\" \"Wait,\" Mort swallowed his food, \"what side of the family are you on?\" \"Neither side. I'm a friend of your doctor.\" \"So what the hell are you doing here?\" \"I came to try and convince my girl to get back with me.\" \"Let me guess; the gorgeous blonde with the road rage?\" Ron nodded. \"I'd hit that.\" \"She is really attractive, isn't she?\" \"As long as she's a female with a pulse, that's good enough for me.\" \"Here, here.\" \"God knows you can't have a problem unless there's a woman involved. What's wrong with this bitch?\" Ron shrugged. \"I don't know anymore. I guess she just doesn't feel the way I feel about her.\" \"She's just playing hard to get.\" Ron raised an eyebrow. \"You think so?\" \"Work for the bitch! Just walk up to her, grab her, pull her to you, and plant a big, wet one on her.\" \"You think that'll work?\" \"It can end one of two ways.\" Mort suddenly thrusted his plate at Ron. \"Get that outta here; I gotta take a shit. Where the fuck is the fat boy? Never mind, I ain't got time to wait.\" \"Oh, well I think there's another bathroom by the de-\" \"I know where the hell it is! I used to live here too asshole!\" Mort quickly wheeled himself toward the den and pounded on the door with his cane. \"I need the toilet, open the goddamn door!\" Inside the den, Finch got up from the floor and to the locked doors. \"Find someone to take you to the upstairs bathroom.\" \"I'm in a wheelchair you fat bastard! I don't know how much longer I can wait before I shit myself! Open the goddamn door!\" Finch nonverbally gestured for Matt to hide behind the couch with Frank (which he managed to do on his own in under ten seconds). Once they were hidden, Finch opened the door. \"'Bout time.\" \"Excuse me for wasting what little time you have left.\" Mort whacked him with a cane. \"I wouldn't keep being such a dick to a guy who has good reason to push you into oncoming traffic.\" … Jim and Stifler stalled for time and snuck to the garage where Jim was now in a frenzied pace. \"I gotta think about what we're gonna do.\" Stifler headed to the nearby fridge and grabbed himself a beer. \"You know, maybe you oughta stop thinking and actually start doing.\" That got Jim to stop. \"Oh, like how you tied the guy up without even thinking?\" \"I was thinking about my mother's well-being.\" \"Your mother's well-\" Jim couldn't even finish that statement. \"Since when do you give a shit about that? I've been the one helping to take care of your mother, not you or your brother. I've been taking care of your mother, my father, my wife, my son, my job, this house; actual adult responsibilities! You would know that if you actually grew up.\" \"I'm a published author.\" \"Oh that's just a pathetic excuse. Your books are shit Stifler and you know it.\" Jim shoved Stifler. \"Don't put your hand on me, asshole.\" \"Oh, I'll put my hand on you.\" Jim shoved him again. \"I'll put my hand upside you.\" \"Don't fucking touch me. \" Jim kept touching him. \"I'm a hands-on motherfucker.\" \"What are you gonna do, Jim? Hit me in the face?\" \"Why would I do that when I can do this?\" Jim pulled Stifler toward him and kneed him in the groin. In retaliation, Stifler punched Jim in the crotch. By this point, Jim and Stifler were holding onto each other and going around in a circle looking for a time to strike the other one. So you can imagine the awkward looking position they were in when Michelle came into the garage. \"Ahem,\" when the men noticed her, they pulled apart, \"oh no, don't mind me. I was just coming to remind my husband of his father's funeral.\" \"Michelle,\" Jim started, \"we've got bigger issues right now.\" \"Oh what, like your little guy on guy dance party?\" Stifler sighed. \"You might as well tell her and get it over with.\" \"Tell me what?\" Jim looked at the ground. Michelle closed the door and walked toward her husband. \"Jim, tell me what?\" Jim looked up at her. He paused for a second before speaking. \"You know that dwarf in the black leather jacket?\" Michelle nodded. \"Apparently he and my dad had a 'memorable',\" Jim air quoted that last word, \"night in Vegas.\" \"That means they got drunk and had sex,\" Stifler commented. \"Shut up Stifler.\" Jim continued on. \"Anyway, he took some pictures and he wants to use them for blackmail unless we pay him $30,000.\" Michelle looked nervous. \"What kind of pictures?\" Stifler, who had managed to steal the pictures back from Frank, took them out of his suit pocket and passed them to Michelle. \"Oh my sweet Jesus.\" She viewed the pictures. \"I don't know whether I should be disgusted or impressed.\" \"Michelle!\" \"Even you can't get in these positions and you're like thirty years younger than your dad.\" ... As that was going on in the garage, Finch was struggling to get Uncle Mort onto the toilet. \"Cooperate with me a little you old son of a bitch!\" \"You're lucky I can't hit you with my cane now.\" Mort responded back. \"Now shut up and pull my pants down!\" \"I bet you say that to all the guys!\" Finch and Mort were in a shouting match at this point. Matt had had enough. He got up from behind the couch and ran over to the opened bathroom door. \"Come on guys, be quiet!\" When Finch did get Mort's pants down, Mort immediately sat on the toilet. The only problem was, Finch's hand was still under Mort. This caused a bigger screaming fiasco and added a little more noise as Finch desperately tried to get his hand out from under Mort's ass. By the time he did, however, it was too late. Finch emitted a high-pitch scream. Matt also screamed as well. \"That shit's disgusting!\" Finch instantly turned the hot water on as high as he could and stuck his hand underneath. True, some of the crap on his hands came off, but a lot of it also went flying all around the sink due to the water intensity (and the fact that Finch just shoved his hand there). \"God, this better come off!\" \"Dude, you're getting it on the mirror!\" \"Just give me a preferably non-white towel please.\" \"The only towel is white.\" \"Screw it,\" Finch turned and snatched the towel from Matt. When he did, a look of disgusted terror blanched across Matt's face. \"What?\" \"I think you missed a spot.\" Finch turned to the poop covered mirror, got a glimpse of his face, and let out another high-pitched scream. \"Oh God, I think I got some of it in my mouth!\" Matt and Finch were so distracted by this that they failed to notice a couple of things. One: Uncle Mort had fallen asleep on the toilet. Two: Frank was no longer hiding behind the couch. Matt and Finch weren't able to see a dazed Frank get on top of the couch and dance. Nor did they see him fall off the couch. Their focus was on what was happening in the bathroom until they heard a loud thud in the den. When Matt saw what happened, his eyes bugged out and his jaw nearly hit the floor. \"Oh, fuck!\" Finch was also equally shocked. \"I think we've got much bigger shit to worry about now.\" Matt rushed over to a motionless Frank. \"Check it out,\" he pointed to a giant crack in the coffee table, \"dude must've hit his head on the table when he fell.\" \"Yeah, but is he okay?\" Finch closed the bathroom door and made his way over to Matt. \"Check on him, not the table!\" Matt knelt to the ground. \"Hey, what's this guy's name again?\" \"I don't remember. Try shaking him!\" Matt shook Frank. \"Hey. Hey…dude. Dude, wake up.\" \"Check and see if he's breathing.\" Matt did that. \"Oh shit, he's not breathing.\" \"Does he have a pulse?\" Matt felt for a pulse. \"No…he's dead.\" I thought it best to end there.[Chapter 9] Let's hope the last chapter didn't gross you guys out or offend you enough to stay away for more of your typical American Pie shenanigans. If it did I'm sorry I'm not sorry. Michelle was processing the information that was given to her. \"So what; we're just going to give this guy the majority of what's in our savings?\" \"I wish it was that simple,\" her husband answered back. \"Why isn't it that simple?\" \"Your husband don't wanna pay the dude,\" Stifler answered that question. \"Once you found out your mother was involved did you even offer to put up half of the extortion money?\" \"Why? This isn't my problem.\" \"Steve Stifler, always the considerate asshole.\" \"And proud of it.\" \"Ignoring the asshole,\" Jim continued on (ignoring Stifler's muttering of \" considerate asshole\"), \"after the stunt Frank pulled he says he wants what he deserves. So I tore up the check. I'm not giving him anything.\" Michelle patted his back. \"Good for you, Baby! Way to stand up to the man!\" \"The little man,\" Stifler commented. \"Seriously Stifler, do you have to ruin every moment?\" A foul stench caught Michelle's attention. \"Oh God, what smells like shit?\" \"Shit brick.\" Stifler pointed to Finch. Finch had an obviously fake (somewhat creepy) grin plastered across his face as he fast-walked to Jim and Stifler. \"Finch,\" Jim pointed to his face to use as a guide, \"what's with the face?\" \"And why do you smell like shit?\" Michelle questioned. \"Hello Michelle,\" Finch greeted. \"If you'll pardon me; I would like James and Steven to accompany me to the den.\" Finch turned and headed back to the den. \"James and Steven? Guys, is there something else going on I should know about?\" \"No,\" both James and Steven replied as they ran to the den. Jim was the first to enter and therefore the first to notice. \"Oh my God, what happened?\" \"My guess is he tripped out and fell,\" Matt figured. \"We should call an ambulance.\" \"It's too late; he's dead.\" \"You mean like dead dead?\" Finch held up his finger to accentuate a point. \"I believe there's only one type of dead, Jim.\" \"What did you guys do to him?\" \"We didn't do anything.\" \"Well he was alive when I left. I was expecting to find him that way when I came back.\" \"We can't say for sure what happened.\" \"Isn't it obvious what happened?\" Matt pointed to the large crack in the coffee table. \"He got in a fight with the table, but the table won.\" Matt and his brother chuckled at that. Jim and Finch, however, didn't find it all that amusing. \"Too soon?\" \"What are we going to do?\" \"Twenty-five to life,\" Steve remarked back. \"Not helpful.\" \"Look, I'm pretty sure no one noticed him-\" \"You're sure no one noticed a four foot tall man in a leather jacket?\" Jim interrupted. \"I'm sure they've noticed he hasn't been around in a while. They probably think he left. This gives us perfect opportunity to get rid of the body.\" \"Where? I sure as hell can't bury him in my backyard and I'm pretty sure no one on Craigslist would wanna buy a dead dwarf body.\" \"You'd be surprised.\" \"Stifler can you please be serious for one fucking minute?!\" Matt casually shrugged his shoulders. \"Why don't we just bury him with your dad? \"Excuse you?\" \"He'll fit. And Steve's right; it's not like anyone would notice.\" Stifler nodded in agreement before adding, \"Plus, being with your dad is probably what the dude wanted.\" The three of them left the final decision to Finch. \"Okay,\" Finch made up his mind, \"I say we bury the fucker.\" … \"Thirsty?\" Heather didn't notice Ron return with a bottle of water. Heather glared at him. \"Quit trying to get on my good side Ron; I no longer have one today.\" \"That's a line from Steel Magnolias ,\" he pointed out, \"your favorite chick-flick.\" \"My favorite tear-jerker; Steel Magnolias is not a chick flick.\" \"Fine, favorite 'woman's movie'; is that a better term?\" Heather scoffed. \"I always knew you were a jackass.\" \"And yet you dated me for nearly two years.\" \"I almost didn't.\" \"Face it: you're in love with me.\" \"That is so not the reason. I was skeptical at first because I thought you got on my father's good side because of his money. That raised a red flag and I was going to dump you within the first week. The only reason I gave you a real chance is because you made him happy during that depressing period when my mom left and I guess that made me happy.\" \"And now I'm best friends with him.\" \"Yes, and the two of you are conspiring to ruin my life.\" \"Heather, I care about you!\" \"Really? I think you care about how I make you look. A heart surgeon dating the nurse daughter of his best friend doctor.\" \"That does sound pretty good, actually.\" \"You really need to get over yourself.\" \"Something really baffles me: what does Ostreicher have that I don't? Obviously not a successful career.\" \"No, he gave that up to be with me. If I asked you to give up your career for me, you wouldn't.\" \"Because I'm a fucking heart surgeon, that's an important job.\" \"At least Chris cares!\" Ron rolled his eyes. \"Give me a break!\" \"He does; he's a very caring person! He helps people without making a profit. Oh yeah, he's also better in the bedroom.\" \"I find that hard to believe,\" as Ron looked away, he couldn't help but notice something peculiar outside on the roof. \"He's romantic, he's thoughtful, he's-\" \"He's naked on the roof.\" \"What?\" Heather took notice of what Ron saw and gasped. Sure enough a naked Oz (don't ask) had snuck out of the bathroom window and climbed onto the roof. \"Oh my God!\" Heather turned to help him, but was stopped by Ron. \"Ron, what are you-\" \"If this doesn't convince you that you still love me then you can go play hero.\" \"What are you-\" Ron cut her off by planting a big, wet one on her. Heather obviously didn't like this given the fact that she tried to release herself. Of course, Ron wouldn't let go and kept adjusting himself to hold onto her. When they accidentally hit the nearby window, they got Oz's attention. \"Heather?\" He got another look. Yep, it was his girl Heather kissing another man (and not just any man, her ex-boyfriend). \"Oh my God,\" a humiliated Oz stood up to leave. \"Chris!\" Heather managed to shout when there was a breather. She used this pause as an opportunity to escape. Heather punched Ron and sent him to the ground. Then she tried to open the window, but it wouldn't budge. So she pounded on it. \"CHRIS!\" Either Oz didn't hear her or he ignored her because now he was on the move. Using as much strength as she could muster, she opened the window. \"Chris, what are you doing?\" \"What am I doing?\" Oz questioned back. By this point, the guests outside (and a few inside) had heard a commotion near the roof and took notice of the naked man atop it fighting with a blonde girl. \"I saw you kissing Dron!\" \"No you didn't!\" \"Yes I did, I saw you kissing him!\" \"He kissed me!\" Ron had risen to his feet. He had one hand over his bloody nose. With the other hand, he tapped on Heather's shoulder. \"Heather-\" \"Go away, Ron!\" \"You're a cheater!\" Oz yelled. He noticed the people on the ground. \"Cheater! She cheated!\" \"I did not cheat!\" Heather tried to assure the people on the ground. \"I'm gonna jump.\" \"No!\" \"I'm gonna jump!\" He headed for a higher space on the roof. \"No, you're not thinking clearly!\" Heather tried to stop him to no avail. \"CHRIS!\" An ignored (and bloody-nosed) Ron started to leave the scene. \"I think Paul's got my camera.\" … \"So we have a plan,\" Jim stated to his mini-group, \"we bury him with my dad. Now our only concern is how to get the body into the coffin without being seen.\" \"It's gotta take at least two people to put him in there,\" Finch deduced. \"That still doesn't explain how we're going to get out of here carrying a dead body.\" There was knock on the door. \"Hey Paul, you in there, it's Ron.\" \"Just a second,\" Finch called to him. \"What do we do?\" \"Hide the body in the bathroom,\" Jim suggested. \"Come on,\" he and the others lifted the body and carried it to the bathroom. Opening the door, Jim wasn't expecting to see his half-sleeping uncle on the toilet. Mort wasn't expecting to see Jim either. \"Jim? What the fuck?\" Jim quickly shut the door. \"What's Uncle Mort doing in the bathroom?\" Finch tsked. \"Jim, if you don't know the bathroom basics at the stage in your life-\" \"Don't make jokes, Finch!\" Ron knocked again. \"Paul, come on this is huge!\" \"Sit Frank up on the couch!\" Finch and the Stifler brothers gave Jim a weird look. \"Now!\" As they did that, Jim unlocked the door and opened it slightly. \"Hey Dron.\" \"Jason.\" \"Still not my name.\" Jim noticed the blood around Ron's nose. \"Hey are you okay? What happened to your nose?\" \"Never mind that; I gotta talk to Paul!\" \"What's going on?\" Finch inquired. Ron pushed the door opened. The first thing he noticed was a sleeping dwarf sandwiched between the Stifler brothers and Finch sitting on the arm of the couch. \"Oh-kay,\" he brushed that off. \"Paul, did you bring my camera?\" \"I don't think so. Why?\" \"It's Oz, he's gone crazy! He's naked on the roof and he says he's gonna jump. I gotta get this on video.\" He pulled out his phone and ran back outside. Matt quickly stood up and ran to the door. \"If he jumps, I'm fucked!\" He hurried out of the den. \"Wait here,\" Jim ordered Finch and Stifler. Jim also ran out of the den and into the backyard where practically all of the guests were watching. \"Holy shit.\" \"Oz! What are you doing?\" \"I'm gonna jump!\" Oz proclaimed. He pointed at Heather. \"She cheated!\" Heather let out an aggravated groan from her place at the window. \"I did not cheat!\" \"You were kissing him!\" \"He kissed me!\" \"Cheater, cheater, something eater,\" he stuck his tongue out and spat at her. \"Chris, please, can we talk about this inside?\" \"You be quiet, Jezebel!\" \"Fine! If you won't come down here, I'll go up there.\" \"No, ma'am!\" Too late, Heather had taken off her heels and slowly began climbing the roof. \"HEATHER!\" Heather's father was now amongst the witnesses. \"Heather what the hell are you doing?\" As this was going on, Jim ran to find Michelle. When he found her, he pulled her aside. \"Michelle, I think I can get rid of this Frank guy.\" Michelle tried not to get too excited. \"Really?\" \"Yes, but you have to keep everybody out here until I give the okay.\" \"Okay, I can do that. But you owe me big time, for this.\" \"Fine, yes, we'll have sex later, I promise,\" Jim ran back inside and entered the den without knocking (startling Finch and Stifler a little). \"Everybody's outside! If we're gonna do this, we have to do it now! Finch, since you're a weakling, I need you to be the lookout and keep other people from coming in.\" Finch gave him two thumbs up. \"Can do!\" He helped guide Jim and Stifler to the living room all the while keeping a lookout for other people. They had barely made it into the living room when Finch heard someone hurrying inside. \"Someone's coming!\" \"Stall them!\" Finch headed toward the footsteps. Soon he was face to face with the reverend. \"Oh, hello, Reverend. How is God today?\" \"I have no time for chit chat,\" the reverend tried to walk away. \"I just have a couple of questions; it won't take too long.\" \"I need to contact an ambulance. There is a naked man on the roof threating to jump.\" \"You don't have a cell phone?\" \"No, I do not. Now if you'll excuse me.\" \"But I really need to ask you these questions.\" The reverend sighted. \"Alright.\" \"Okay; and answer them in as much detail as possible. So at what age did you get your calling? When exactly was it? Where were you when it happened? Did anyone else influence your decision? Were you-\" \"I'm sorry, but I need to use the phone.\" \"I have a confession!\" \"I'm a reverend, not a priest!\" \"That's okay, I'm not Catholic. Oh, and does this look like a pigment mutation to you?\" Finch thrusted his wrist in the reverend's face. \"I really ought to-\" Finch wrapped his arm around the reverend's shoulder. \"Come on Reverend; walk with me, talk with me, pray with me.\" … Meanwhile, it took both Jim and Stifler to open the coffin (dropping Frank to the ground for a moment) and put Frank's body inside. Once they did, Jim had second thoughts. \"We can't put him in there like that.\" Stifler took a quick glance. \"I think it's fine the way it is.\" In the casket, Noah's head rested in between Frank's legs while Frank's face was buried in Noah's crotch. \"Stifler, that is so wrong!\" \"But it's what the little dude would have wanted.\" \"Just help me fix the body!\" \"Wait a minute,\" Stifler took the incriminating photos from his suit pocket, \"I think we should put these pics in there so they'll never see the light of day.\" 'Yeah, that's actually a good idea.\" Jim and Stifler readjusted the body, placed the pictures in the casket, and closed the lids. When it was all over, Jim sighed. \"You okay there, Jim?\" \"I just realized that was the last time I'm gonna see my father.\" Stifler patted Jim's shoulder. \"Your dad was a pretty cool guy.\" \"Yeah, he was.\" Jim placed his hands atop the casket. \"Goodbye, Dad. I love you.\" \"That was so beautifully gay.\" \"And you killed the moment.\" … While all this was going on, Heather had made it to the top of the roof. \"Chris, please-\" \"Don't come any closer,\" Oz warned her. \"I'm going to jump.\" \"And I'm going to stop you.\" \"Why?\" \"Because I love you!\" \"Then what were you doing with Dron?\" \"I wasn't with him!\" \"I saw you kissing him!\" \"Ron kissed me!\" \"Does it really matter?\" \"Chris-\" \"I'll never be good enough.\" \"That's not true.\" \"I'll never be good enough for your father.\" \"That's his problem, not yours.\" \"I'll never be good enough for you.\" \"You are too good for me.\" \"Forget about me; you're better off with Ron.\" \"Please come back inside.\" He looked away. \"Go back without me.\" \"I won't go unless you go with me.\" \"Why should I?\" Heather paused. There was something else she was hiding and now it seemed like this was the time to tell him. \"Oz,\" she rarely used his nickname. However, this maneuver made him turn and face her. \"Oz, you're going to be a father.\" \"I'm pregnant?\" Heather couldn't help but laugh. \"No, I am.\" \"You're pregnant too?\" Heather sighed. \"Yeah.\" The small smile on Heather's face countered Oz's wide grin. \"We're gonna have a baby.\" After he and Heather embraced, a triumphant Oz stood up. \"WE'RE HAVING A BABY!\" Most of the audience applauded. Doctors Roger and Ron weren't exactly pleased with this. Michelle on the other hand, was happy for them, but jealous at the same time. \"Great, everyone's havin' a baby, but me.\" Michelle noticed Roger storming off. \"Jim!\" she called to her husband before rushing inside. \"Jim!\" She found Jim and Stifler in the living room standing in front of the casket \"Is the dwarf gone?\" Jim looked around the room. \"It looks that way.\" \"So everything's cool?\" \"Yeah,\" Stifler answered, \"everything's cool.\" The peace of the moment was interrupted by gasps and screaming. Running outside, Jim, Stifler, and Michelle saw (a still naked) Oz dangling from the roof near the bathroom window. \"Shit,\" Matt was the only one who raced back inside. As Matt rushed inside, Heather was trying to hold onto Oz. \"Somebody help me, please!\" \"Help you?\" Oz tried not to look down. \"Somebody help me !\" Oz gasped. \"Something's grabbed me!\" \"I got you, Oz!\" Matt had busted down the bathroom door and went to the window to save Oz. Despite the full frontal view, Matt knew it was the right thing that he had to do. \"My manhood is being seriously questioned right now.\" \"Do you have him?\" Heather called to Matt. \"It's on my cheek,\" Matt answered back. \"Matt?\" \"Yeah, I got him; I'll pull him back in.\" Heather let go and Matt did just that. After breathing a sigh of relief, Heather carefully made her way back into the house. \"Oz,\" she went into the bathroom and pulled him close to her, \"don't ever scare me like that again.\" She let him go. \"Are you okay, now?\" Oz took a deep breath. \"I feel a little better thanks to you,\" Oz poked her stomach, \"and you,\" this made Heather laugh. \"Oh, and thanks to Matt.\" Oz gestured to the sink where Matt was gargling mouthwash. \"Thank you, Matt.\" \"Thanks, Matt.\" Oz went to give Matt a hug, but Matt backed away. \"Yeah, Oz: me and you; we can never touch again.\" Matt shoved his hands in his pockets so he wouldn't accidentally touch Oz. \"I'm gonna go find me a big ass Tic Tac or something.\" As Matt left, Roger entered. \"Heather!\" He approached his daughter. \"Heather, thank God you're safe.\" He gave Oz a death glare. \"And you: you stay away from my daughter.\" \"Dad-\" \"Stay out of this, Heather.\" Heather made a noise of disbelief. \"Oh, you did not just say that to me! Dad, get this through your head: this is my life and if you want me and your grandchild to remain a part of yours then you better change your attitude and accept the fact that I'm going to marry Chris.\" \"Marry?\" \"Dad, I love you; but you have to agree to my terms or you're going to lose me like you did Mom.\" Heather walked away. Oz put his hand on Roger's shoulder. \"Welcome to the family, Dad.\" … \"I think we've had enough excitement for one day,\" Jeanine remarked as she assembled in the living room with her oldest son and stepson. \"We really need to get this funeral started so we can get it over with.\" \"You're right,\" Jim agreed. \"I'll go find the reverend.\" \"I'll go with you step-bro,\" Stifler stood by Jim's side as they went to find the reverend. \"While you're at it,\" Jeanine began, \"go and find your pervy uncle too.\" Jim and Stifler exchanged nervous glances before hurrying back to the den. This chapter also seems longer- there was a lot to put in and I didn't know where or when to stop. Oh well, I think it still works.[Chapter 10] Good news/bad news (depending on your point of view); this story's pretty much over. I thought there'd be at least two more chapters but nope; this is the last one. Hope you like it. Uncle Mort wasn't all that thrilled to see Jim and Stifler return (surprise, surprise). \"Where the fuck have you been?\" \"Sorry Uncle Mort,\" Jim apologized. \"One of the guests climbed on the roof and threatened to jump. Come on; I'll help you get your pants on.\" \"Was that the dead body you tried stashing in here?\" Jim nervously looked at Stifler to avoid eye contact with Mort. \"Uh, what are you talking about?\" \"Don't play dumb with me; I know a dead body when I see one—I live in a goddamn retirement home.\" \"Maybe you dreamt it,\" Stifler lied. \"Uh, yeah,\" Jim tried to follow Stifler's lead, \"yeah, I mean you did fall asleep on the toilet.\" Mort grabbed his cane before sitting in his wheelchair. \"If you want me to keep quiet, it's gonna cost you.\" \"Seriously Uncle Mort, we have no idea what you're talking about. Come on; let's go back to the funeral.\" \"Why does it smell like shit in here?\" \"Because you're in a bathroom.\" … Matt felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around to see an attractive young brunette behind him. \"I just wanted to say what you did today with that Oz guy was really brave.\" \"Cool, thank you,\" Matt thanked. \"I was also wondering if maybe you'd like to go out sometime. I'd really like to get to know you better.\" \"I am a pretty cool person to know,\" Matt's reply made the girl giggle. \"I'm Matt by the way.\" She shook his hand, \"I'm Kara.\" … Ron went over to Finch. \"Hey man; I'm gonna need my keys.\" \"Oh, right,\" Finch reached into his pockets for Ron's keys. \"You leaving?\" \"I see no reason to stay. Oh, hey, how's the splotch on your wrist?\" \"At this point I'm more concerned with the shit smell.\" \"That's coming from you?\" \"I'd rather not talk about it.\" \"Fair enough; just stay out of my car.\" \"I figured.\" \"Oh and just pour a little vinegar on the rash it should clear right up.\" Finch gave Ron a surprised look. \"An old family secret. As for the shit smell; I can't really help you with that. Maybe take a shower or two.\" The guests in the living room started applauding when Heather and a fully clothed Oz came downstairs hand in hand. \"I guess I should feel sorry about the thing with you and Heather but even I knew it was a lost cause. They really love each other, they always have.\" \"No, I know; she told me up front she'd only ever had one love. The fact that she used the word 'love' should've scared me off but God I really wanted her. You hear she's having a kid now?\" \"No, actually I was too busy distracting the reverend to take notice of what was going on in other people's affairs. Good for them though.\" Finch tilted his head to Ron. \"I guess this means you'll back off now?\" \"Yeah, I mean could you ever picture me with kids? It's a disaster waiting to happen.\" Finch nodded in agreement. \"So I guess I'll see you later?\" \"Sure.\" \"I'd seriously consider the shower thing like right away,\" Ron suggested before leaving. \"I saw him!\" Finch heard Mort yell. He noticed Jim and Stifler bringing Mort into the living room. \"I saw the dead body!\" Stifler pointed to the casket. \"Yeah, remember we all saw Mr. Levenstein's dead body when it got knocked over.\" \"Not that body you dumb shit!\" An exasperated Jim took a seat beside his wife. \"I can not believe what a nightmare today has been.\" With a smile, Michelle shrugged. \"I think it's been pretty exciting.\" Jim gave her an 'are you serious' look. \"For a funeral.\" \"And after everything that's happened today I still have to give the eulogy.\" \"Babe, you'll do great.\" The reverend made his way over to Jim. \"Son, we really need to get this over with. If you don't mind I'm going to keep everything short, and I hope you do the same with the eulogy.\" Jim nodded. \"Oh, would you like the casket open?\" \"NO!\" Jim, Stifler, and Finch shouted at once. \"Alright,\" the reverend stood center. \"If everyone would be seated. I would like to apologize on behalf of the family for all of the distractions. Jim, would you please deliver your eulogy?\" Jim swallowed the lump in his throat and took his place in front of the casket. He pulled out the notecards and leaned against the coffin. \"My father was an exceptional man.\" Suddenly, the coffin began to shake. Jim pretended to ignore that and carried on with his eulogy. \"My father came into this world-\" This time the pounding from the inside of the coffin (in addition to the shaking) could not be mistaking. \"I think there's someone in there!\" a guest noted. \"I knew it!\" Oz proclaimed. \"Uh...\" Jim tried to continue with the speech. \"My father was-\" He was once again cut off by the coffin lid flying open and Frank emerged alive and screaming. This caused other people (Jim included) to scream. \"WHAT THE FUCK!?\" A disoriented Frank shouted. \"Hey you,\" Stifler tried to play the fool, \"get out of my stepfather's coffin!\" Frank looked down in the coffin. \"Oh my God a dead guy!\" Jim gestured for Finch and the Stifler brothers to help get Frank out of the coffin. Again, Frank put up a struggle. And in the ensuing struggle, no one seemed to notice a series of pictures fall to the floor… …right beside Jeanine's foot. When Jeanine noticed her late husband's face in one of the pictures, curiosity got the best of her and she naturally looked. Her screaming could be heard over the chaos. \"YOU SON OF A BITCH!\" She lunged for Frank. Another physical altercation occurred amidst the audience trying to figure out what the hell was going on. Mort wheeled over to where the pictures were scattered. \"Heh,\" he showed no expression, \"this doesn't surprise me.\" Something inside Jim suddenly snapped. \"MY FATHER!\" He screamed loud enough to get everyone's attention. \"My father was…my father was human. Did he have his faults? Sure, who doesn't? But he still was a loving family man. All I wanted to do today was to say how much we all loved, cherished, and respected him. But I guess that was too much to ask for.\" Jim paused. \"That's life. Life is complicated and we do our best. My dad…\" Jim tried not to choke up, \"…my dad did his best. When you all leave today: I want you to remember my father for he who truly was; the way you remember him best. Remember him as a caring, generous, and honest guy who only saw the good in every person and situation no matter how bleak everything looked.\" Jim bent down to his son's level and gestured for Evan to come over to him. Evan got up and ran into his father's arms. \"And if I can be even half the man he was to my son, and any of my future kids I have with my smoking hot wife,\" a teary-eyed Michelle smiled at that, \"then I know I'm doing something right.\" Evan rested his head in the crook of his father's neck. \"And I'll be truly grateful for that.\" Jim lowered Evan down and gestured for him to go sit with his mother. Once again, Jim looked out in the crowd. \"So uh, thanks for listening.\" And with that, Jim walked away. … When everything had settled and the guests were gone, Jim sat in his father's favorite chair glad that everything was over. \"That was a really cool speech, Jim,\" leave it to Steve Stifler to interrupt the quiet moments. Jim acknowledged Stifler with a nod. \"How's your mom? I mean she didn't seem to happy with the whole gay dwarf sex thing.\" \"She seems cool with it now. I mean you have to ask her when she gets back from her date.\" \"Date?\" \"With some Roger guy.\" Jim smirked. \"What?\" \"Let's just say I wouldn't be surprised if you and Matt end up with Heather as your stepsister in the near future.\" \"That's choir chick's dad?\" \"Ye-ep.\" \"Isn't the dude going to be a grandfather?\" \"My dad was a grandfather when your mom married him.\" Stifler made some sort of face. \"I guess your mom likes older father figures.\" Stifler sighed. \"Oh well. I guess it's better she bangs choir chick's dad instead of Shit Brick.\" \"Hey where is Matt by the way?\" \"He's freshin' up in the upstairs bathroom. Lying bastard says he's got a hot date.\" A car horn honked outside. Suddenly Matt was running down the stairs. \"Bye Jim! Bye Steve!\" He hurried out the door. \"I don't think he was kidding,\" Jim observed. He and Stifler went to the door to find Matt getting into the passenger side of a Corvette. The driver was none other than Jim's next door neighbor Kara. \"That little fucker,\" Stifler muttered as his brother drove off with the girl he had been trying to hit on. \"Am I the only one from the funeral who isn't gonna get laid tonight?\" Jim noticed his wife make her way to the living room. \"Probably.\" \"Well fuck.\" With a laugh, Jim left Stifler alone and headed into the living room to join his wife. \"Hey.\" \"Hi,\" she greeted back. \"I just put Evan down for a nap.\" \"Looks like you're the one who needs the nap.\" \"It's been a long day, Jim.\" \"Maybe getting into bed would do some good for both of us.\" Jim gave her a flirty wink. \"My, my, Mr. Levenstein, I like the way you think.\" She noticed Jim's face fall. \"What?\" \"Everyone called my dad Mr. Levenstein.\" Michelle's mouth formed an 'O'. \"I'm going to have to get used to me being the new Mr. Levenstein. It's not gonna be the same without him.\" \"Babe, I'll miss him too.\" \"Hey, if our next kid is another boy; can we name him after my dad? That would really mean a lot to me.\" \"Sure, Jim.\" \"Thanks.\" He stood up and extended his hand. \"Let's get started on that baby, shall we?\" \"I dunno, that nap is sounding pretty good.\" \"Oh, now you're not in the mood?\" \"I know I should be. I mean we're pretty much alone; Evan's asleep, Jeanine's out, your Uncle Mort's...well I'm never sure what's up with that pervy old bastard.\" \"Where is Uncle Mort anyway?\" \"Upstairs. I gave him a couple of Valiums and put him to bed.\" \"Did you say Valium?\" Michelle nodded. \"Where did you find it?\" \"I found the bottle on the floor when I was cleaning the downstairs bathroom. I think you guys knocked it over and forgot to pick it up.\" \"Oh shit.\" Jim bolted from his spot leaving a confused Michelle behind. … Meanwhile, a naked Mort sat on the roof clutching his cane and looking around in a daze. \"Why is everything so fucking green?\" Thanks for sticking with me and this fic. Peace out! ","Summary":" In my profile, I explained this story's background. How I tried to start it, couldn't get it going,"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: Revolution","Author":"Uchihachick23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12994133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Yeah just right before she takes the oath so it'll be a clear message right? Is the money in my account? Good, I'll go set up and I'll make sure to leave an impression.\" As the crowd gathered in Washington, DC some with smiling faces hope for the future in their eyes while other protested. It was sunny little to no wind blowing as I blend in with the everyone only to stop at an apartment building some ways from the ever-growing gather of people. \"Another day another dollar I guess,\" I said laying down starting as an escort of police cars and limos filled the streets Eventually, the line up began to stop security surround the limo a shield overhead and guards blocking every angle it was impossible to get a shot but some parts of the crowd grew upset by her presence throwing rocks bottles and just about anything they can get their hands on. \"I Hope They Kill You!\" \"Don't end The Purge!\" \"You're making a mistake.\" \"Just let us Purge...Let Us Purge...LET US PURGE LET US PURGE LET US PURGE!\" The chant started low but soon get louder and louder \"Guess this is why my client wants them dead oh well that's none of my concern. It's just another job.\" I mumbled under my breath Riot control showed up on the spot just to make sure things didn't go overboard after a few hours the show opened its curtains. \"Roan are you ready to take the constitutional oath?\" \"I am.\" \"Raise your right-hand place your left hand on the bible and repeat after me...I, President Roan.\" \"I, President Roan...\" She starts just as the blood-spattered I got up and started packing while the chaos engulfs the crowd emergency response units rushed to an already full and crowded lot. Everyone questioned who when and where I suck a pound of C-4 under every car that was in the line up from even managing to stick some to the ambulance on the way to the car while calling my clients. \"Mr. N, I hope you're still watching cause I'm not done yet,\" I said triggering the explosives One by one they lit up and shored into the sky like firecrackers more and more advocates for the purge started to get more...unstable if I could put it nicely. Showing their true colors they went after the others killed in cold blood anybody who got in their way it comes to a full-blown riot. I just broke and threw my phone into the flames of \"freedom\" or something like that before getting my car. Hours had passed when I finally pulled into my driveway tired and exhausted more than half a day wasted on one target at least the pay was good. I thought to reach under the seat for my flask. \"Where is it?\" I asked trying to reach deeper under the seat, \"Almost...\" I said gritting my teeth barely touching the cap when something slammed up against the car , \"PURGE FOREVER!\" A man happily yelled before running down the street \"Fucking nutcase.\" I sighed with relief before drinking a little and putting it back before getting out I looked around the neighborhood and it was all quiet I mean it's always been a quiet neighborhood but this eerie silence left me feeling rather unconformable. With the assassination of President Roan the woman who would 've to end the hellish nightmare that is the Purge, I thought more people would mourn such a loss. Nevertheless, I shrug it off thinking maybe no one around got the message yet before walking to my front door only to see that it was already open. I went over to the mailbox and pulled out a hunter's knife before steadily making my way inside. \"Babe?! You in here?!\" I yelled looking around the rooms, \"COME ON THIS ISN'T FUNNY LOVE!\" I shouted getting closer and closer to the bedroom As I lightly pushed open the door and walk in the smell made me physically sick covering my mouth I finally gain enough nerve to walk inside, \"Oh my God! Maria! No!\" I yelled cutting her down from the bedpost, \"Come on please don't leave me...Please!\" I said performing chest compressions and doing CPR After a while it was obvious she was gone and I wasn't even there to protect her. I cried holding her lifeless body for what felt like hours maybe days before realizing the camera set up on top of the tv the cluttered mess that surrounds the room and the blood used to write on the wall; In Purge We Trust. A light kiss on her forehead before laying her in bed with the sheet covering her skin was all I could provide before I started packing up. It was a matter of time before the police come I had no choice but to leave her behind. \"I'm so sorry,\" I said before leaving the house As I threw the last of my bags in the car the riots broke out everyone lost sense of control over humanity and rationally. I quickly threw the camera in the front of the steering wheel and took off screaming out my frustrations anger and hatred while the street continued to fall into chaos. I found a quiet place in the mountains away from the madness and mayhem that befell the city even long after the sunset the fires burned through the night sky. I sat on my car watching everything burn while glancing over at the camera terrified to actually watch what was on it. I took a deep breath of air before sliding it closer to me and opening it up to the last video that was on there. \"Now as you can see we had to make sure you didn't back out of our deal, so we kidnapped your wife. Personally, I find your relationship a little...sinful but I didn't hire you for your relationship status or sexuality. But if she doesn't give me any problems I won't give her any problems. Simple. Until then we'll only use this camera when we have to, okay? Good.\" A man off camera said The camera stayed on but the sound was muted she was tied down with tape on her mouth. She was slowly starting to wake up and instantly looked around shaking in the chair trying to talk. A few minutes later she was still moving until out of nowhere she just stopped staring pass the camera I looked at the time on the corner it was the same time I had made my first phone call. I was rushed off the phone when I had told them I was in the area now I see why was that the tape that was covering her mouth peeled off. She was shouting something jumping higher in the chair that's when the audio came on. \"TOBIAS! Get Her Back On The Fucking Phone! Now! Let Me Out Let Me Go!\" She yelled trying to knock herself over \"See this is what I was talking about. I guess she wants to fall over Troy help her out.\" The man said \"Stay the hell away from me. TOBI...\" She started Brass knuckles appeared out of the shadows a straight punch aimed at her jaw knocking her over onto the ground. No words as the mysterious man continued his assault one punch after another eventually stomping on her body. After maybe five to ten minutes he pulled her and the chair back straight into place she was barely conscious leaning her head back to regain some focus as the blood fell from her swollen and bruised faced. \"Now either she complies and we can get along just fine you hurry up and get done so you can get her back before we kill her or and I'm personally starting to like this one she keeps acting out and we send her back in a body bag. The clocks ticking Tobias or such I keep referring to you as Tarantula but I don't think that's you're full name besides we have to credit President Roan's assassination to somebody right? This will be fun.\" The man said before cutting the audio once again I got back in the car setting the camera on the dashboard and started diving deeper into the woods eventually pulling up into a cabin more specifically the cabin I spent my honeymoon in. As I opened the door the memories instantly played in my head; whenever we're here no phones no internet no work the outside world doesn't exist just me and you. I thought to myself tossing my bag on the couch and putting the camera on the table hesitated to watch any further instead of continuing the video. I looked around the cabin and made sure everything was just as I left after a shower and change of clothes I came back to the couch grabbing hold of the camera once more with a deep inhale I pressed play. She was slowly but surely coming to her senses her eyes rolled as she shook her head exhaling a sighed of air like she was trying to calm her nerves before staring at the camera a slight smile formed on her face before she glanced away shaking it off. It was around the second time I had called hearing my voice must have given her some clarity or some kind of hope. She was shaking her head 'no' a lot eventually jumping up and down in the chair again her eyes stared passed the camera with intense rage and hatred as the sound popped back on. \"I hope she fucking kills you. You piece of shit!\" She said \"I think not. You're \"wife\" doesn't take things personally neither do I. It's business so unless you tell me what I need to know your ass isn't going anywhere.\" He said \"Fuck off. This is obviously something more than \"just business\" and I doubt that she knows you even kidnapped me. So why record it? Why make it seem like she's gonna back out of your deal? Why go through all of this?\" She asked \"Why? Well because it's fun. Isn't that what the Purge is all about and she knows that. She knows that Very well. But that's beside the point I need to know her name full so can I have just that?\" He asked \"Sure. First name Fuck last name You. Spelled F-O-K Y-U happy now?\" She asked \"Tch, You are so full of shit. Troy see if you can get a Real name out of her.\" He said \"Another round with brass? Well, hopefully, it's an improvement.\" She said with a smirk The audio cut once again her smirk on full display a metal baseball bat shine in the camera before the screen went black. I jumped trying to fast-forward through the dark visuals and muted audio muttering to myself hoping that this wasn't the moment she died. Ten maybe twenty minutes later the audio came on heavy breathing slight wine footsteps fading away into the background. \"I..I...have...her..last. Our last name stems from her. I'm sor- .\" She started \"Wow. No complaints about that round huh? Quiet as a mouse oh don't take my word for it. You should take a look for yourself.\" He said \"Oh my god,\" I said covering my mouth They untied her just to make sure every hit from every angle count. Her body looked broken as she was laid on conscious her legs twitched sizing up from the pain he made sure to take his time her toenails were forcibly removed one by one before breaking each toe working his way up. She had a dream of being a dancer to travel and learn dances from all over the world I never had dreams before everything was just red and black so I decided to help with hers and hoped to be apart of it. She lived through that assault but it was clear she'll never dance again hell I doubt she'd ever walk again. \"Tobias doesn't seem like her first name though very uncommon for a female even though she could have just named herself that since she doesn't have any family of her own. Just you so you must know her actual birth name and I want to know about it. I have to know it so Troy doesn't let up until she starts singing. I know after busting you out of jail you must have a lot of pent-up frustration you'd love to release. Do whatever you want with her just don't completely break her.\" The man said It was quite like no one was there the water was thrown on her body as she snapped awake screaming. A blade visible in the camera trying to cut off her clothes as she scrambled to fight him off. There was a tattoo of a snake on his right arm designed so that his index finger and thumb made the fangs on the snake while the rest of his arm I'm assuming made the rest of it. His pale white skin showed as he reached out trying to keep her at bay eventually she moved far back enough to get him the view of the camera. Just as I thought the tattoo warped around his arm to his back she started pushing him and Troy got more aggravated throwing away his blade and taking off his shirt he started to pull tare and rip off her clothes. She continued to fight back but unfortunately, he eventually overpowered her as he pulled his pants and boxers down so quick. Just as quickly as I threw the camera across the room floor I couldn't watch anymore as I closed my eyes. The audio played out in the distance echoing in the house I covered my ears trying desperately not to listen. It must have lasted...I don't know once it was over I somehow crawled over and with trembling hands picked up the damn thing. \"Mmmm, you were just what I needed. Very good wet and tight. I bet your what was it again \"wife\" doesn't fuck you like that. Now I just wanna know her name so hows about telling me sweet cheeks.\" He said It was quiet I thought I heard her crying but it was me as the tears that were coming from my eyes fell on screen. \"No answer. Come on where's that smartass mouth from earlier maybe this will help.\" He said moving the camera closer to her, \"Say hiiii. Hahahaha awwww you don't wanna send your wife a message? Wow, not even a wave you guys must not be on good terms that's okay cause Look you've got Meee!\" He happily yelled She was completely traumatized staring at the ground with her trembling legs tuck close to her to hide her necked body. Her eyes showed not a trace of emotion her face expressionless her body was no longer hers as she keeps hidden in a corner. \"I recorded it and she's gonna see everything. I know she isn't worth going through this much trouble, for now, the only thing I could do with a worthless used up pilled of shit like you is to kill you. I just need her first name and I'll give you back to her but just know this I'm positive for HIV aaaaaannndddd it's untreated so...I don't know if you two are gonna work on that or not but that's not my problem. My problem is that you're not giving me what I'm asking for now tell me.\" He said \"JUST TELL HIM ALREADY!\" I cried out at the video \"E...Erica I...I'm so sorry. IM SORRY!\" She shouted out while breaking down \"Bout fucking time bitch,\" Troy said before kicking her in the head Her body rolled across the floor into the wall hitting her head once again at this point he was getting some sort of satisfaction from seeing her suffer as he continued to kick her lifeless almost limp dead-looking body. She was on conscious she had to have been while he was once again targeted her already broken legs there were no sounds of screaming no agonizing yell tears or cries of pain just the sound of the impact landing one after another. I didn't even count the seconds or minutes that passed by in reality it was over an hour. Somehow being on conscious kept her alive well she was still breathing at least the end of everything 'Troy' moved closer to the camera hiding his identity of course with a ski mask on. His eyes were midnight black but as he stared into the camera I could see the sadness in them it was almost like he was still recovering from a pain he couldn't hide. It was a mournful numb broken-hearted pain that I soon later sub come to myself. \"Don't take this personally. After all, this is your fault for ten years I rotted away for a crime I didn't commit. You took everything from me my career my family my Life! I'm just returning the favor if she would have just stayed the hell away from you she would live. You made me into a monster so this isn't my fault and I'll be sure to remind you of that. Look at what you made me do. LOOK!\" He said focusing the camera on her I was cowardly covering the camera with my hand to keep from seeing all unfold in front of me once more the tears stream down my face I refused to believe anything anymore. I carefully and slowly moved my hand only to see a close up of her dead lifeless eyes. \"This is YOUR Fault!\" He screamed over and over eventually it echo in my head, \"Fuck promises.\" He said setting up the camera It was a clear view of him grabbed her off the floor and breaking her neck. Shocked broken and all cried out I felt nothing watching her body slowly fall to the floor only made my heart shatter my blood run cold dreams into nightmares and life nonexcited. At least point I couldn't help but blame myself so I sat in solitude mourning my loss.[Chapter 2] \"I refused to let President Roan's vision of the future die out in the wake of her passing. I President Ronald Moore will now run with the torch she has left behind. I know I will not be able to fill her shadows but I know I can keep the dreams of a purge less America out of the dark. With the support of the people, we will End the purge once and for all and President Roan can rest in peace being remember for the things she could have accomplished rather than fade into obscurity by her sudden loss. I shall carry on the legacy she left behind and I will make sure that her promise is fulfilled. Let's put an end to this horrific night of hatred and ensure a lifetime of peace and prosperity.\" \"Yup he has to go...like now,\" Troy said before pulling the trigger Once again everyone scattered around like rats asking the same questions but at least they got their answers as Troy camouflaged into the crowd of chaos with a black bag over his shoulders and headphones over his ears he walked through the transparent people as if it was a normal routine. He sparkled a light using it to light a cigarette he was holding onto flicking it into a trail of gasoline that was spread out throughout not only the cars but the crowd of people as well. Months passed and with the assassination of both the president and vice president along with hundreds of burn victims from the last ceremony everything seemed to pause to scared to move on forward. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, John Cross, was sworn into the Presidential stats in secret no one really knew when or where did it happen but it did. A couple of months passed and everything was going back to normal society was moving on it was healing in a way until it was the month of the Purge. Protesters gathered in the streets to try to put an end to the madness before it could begin again as they went to their mayors than senators eventually taking center stage on the white house lawn. Singing songs of peace with their hippie-like freedom of expression dancing smiling laughing it was okay or so they thought. The President had a bill to pass into Congress without the people's knowledge a bill that would change America forever, as they held his family hostage while keeping him at gunpoint by using his own security team President Cross would go down in history as the worst President of all time. \"My fellow Americans, let it be known that I...I've failed you all not only as your commander in chief but as a man. A man who couldn't even keep his family out of harm's way. Today I have here displayed out in front of me is an executive order which will not only allow the purge to be the original 24-hour time limit but it shall be held once every month. I know by signing this order I have run away from my responsibilizes I have failed President Roan and her vision along with tarnishing the legacy of President Moore but by doing so I could spare my family from harm. So let it be known far and wide I was a crowd putting the needs of the few over the needs of the many. Having my selfishness corrupted me to the lowest form of being I am sorry.\" He confessed while signing the order, \" Now will you please let my family go?\" He asked \"Don't worry you'll see them soon.\" A person whispered before pulling the trigger, \"Long live the Purge.\" The network was hijacked as static covered over every TV screen every channel everywhere in America a few moments later the static was cleared away. The church-like room gave off a cult-like feel everyone hidden behind mask dawning black and blood red robes with one man standing in front of it all. \"Good evening ladies and gentlemen what you've just witnessed was another execution by Us. The people who hide among you as your friends' neighbors co-workers even your politicians, in the beginning, we were the skeleton hidden the government's closet doing things that make this nation go round that makes this nation orderly and the things that everyone had theories about. We started the Purge to usher in a new era but when people refused to participate in this coming of age tradition our hand was forced and now more and more people love this holiday that we've created and if anybody we're to put an end to that well...it was only the beginning. Once known as the NFFA we have chosen to reveal our true selves hidden behind that mask we are the men and women you talk about everything something would go wrong. We are the Illuminati. We Are God! The only difference is our wrath is swift and powerful so it's better for everyone to compy. Thank you and good night.\" The man said The network returned back to normal but nothing was ever the same. The Illuminati's influence was undeniable and the bill took effect imminently so the middle of every month the Purge would be held slowly and carefully eliminating those who couldn't defend themselves first mainly the elderly small children and those who couldn't afford protection such as the homeless and sick people that would linger around the cracks and underground of the cities. The once peaceful resistance decided to rise up and fight back only to fail so bad they hid underground. More and more followers started to accept their new way of living and with the ever-growing influence of the Illuminati the purge extend taking more hours more days weeks even months until it was apart of everyday life a normalized part of society \"I'm home!\" I yelled taking off my boots and setting aside my stuff I stretched out my arms finally able to relax inhaling the familiar scent of oak wood and fresh pine. I tip-toed through the house hoping to get a quick laugh as I made my way to the kitchen,\"BOO!\" I yelled jumping out to see no one was their just food lightly simmering on the oven on low heat. I rubbed my fingers through my hair lightly giggling to myself thinking \"how did I ruin that?\" but I eventually shrugged it off sighing as I looked in the pot to see what was cooking. It was some type of gumbo with a variety of seafood and rice seasoned with a spicy yet sweet outcome. After a moment of taking small samples of the food, I walked passed a calendar mark for April 20th and went down to the basement where a girl was dancing. Her swaying with the music was hypnic her eyes closed to focus on the music guiding her almost like a dance panter showing her the way. I mesmerized by her quietly sat down near the door silently enjoying the provide show. \"How long are you gonna watch me?\" She asked opening her eyes and turning around to look at me \"Huh? Oh well, ummmm its' just you were dancing so beautifully I didn't wanna interrupt.\" I said getting up off the floor, \"I'm home.\" I smiled carefully holding her hands Her smile was light warm and inviting as she slowly pulled me closer to her, \"Do you even remember what day it is?\" She asked \"Of course I do!\" I said putting my hands on her hips and slowly starting to Waltz, \"It's the day I damn near killed your ex.\" \"No, try again.\" She said \"Ummm it's the day we started dating.\" \"Nope. One more try Erica and if you get it wrong it's gonna be a lonely night for you on the couch.\" \"Okay okay okay. Ummm, gimme a minute to think, please Maria?\" I begged \"Ten seconds.\" She quickly replied \"It's ummm today is...it's the day no that can't be right. Goddamn it what day is it!?\" I asked myself \"Today is the day I died.\" She answered \"No don't say that. That's not true and I know it. You're alive you have to be you're right in front of me.\" I said \"Erica wake up.\" She said \"No! Please just let me stay here a little while longer, please. I can't believe it I won't. You can't make me!\" I said shutting my eyes tightly I felt weaken unable to stand on my feet and the image of her leaving my grasp I feel on my knees breaking the once safe and peaceful comfort of my home to end up on the warehouse floor. I opened my eyes to blood slowly approaching me I jumped up with some of it still dripping off my hands as I followed the trail to where it came from. \"Maria! I'm here!\" I said seeing her at the end of the tail curled up and tucked away in a corner I ran up and tried to reach out for her only to see her more terrified at the fact that I was so close to her. I kneeled down lightly softly whispering as if I was beckoning a wild animal. She slowly started to come out only to bite my hand and run back into hiding. \"OWWW! Son of a Bit...\" I started shaking out my hand before looking up at a broken glass I was wearing the black ski mask with the same snake tattoo on my hand staring back with evil intentions and the smile of a monster with the red eyes of a demon. I slowly back away slightly trembling at the thought before looking over at Maria's corps on the ground. \"This is Your fault.\" The monster whispered in my ear \"No. No, it's not!\" I yelled \"Your fault. Your Fault. YOUR FAULT!\" He said over and over \"Shut up. Shut Up. Shut Up! SHUUUUT UUUPPPP!\" I yelled covering my ears and running away only to have that echo all around me I tripped on my feet breaking through the floor shattering it like glass as I continued to fall into a dark void. I snapped wake gasping for air while staring around the room trying to gain some idea of where I was. It was quiet and cold everything was still almost frozen in place as I pushed my hair back before laying back down. \"It was just a nightmare,\" I mumbled to myself before turning around screaming at the fact I was sleeping beside her corps \" ArE yOu SuRE aBOuT ThAt MURDER! \" She asked grabbed me and pulling me close to her \"AAAAAAaaaaaa FFFFFFF...FUCK!\" I yelled holding my arm after tolerating the pain I looked around and found myself bleeding on the bedroom floor. Most of my mornings often start off like this no longer able to separate my visual and auditory hallucinations from reality only the feeling of pain and blood sliding down my hands reminds me that I'm alive or in this case existing. A cold floor one thin sheet and a dull blade as an alarm clock another morning without her. After changing my bandages again and nibbling on last of the scaps from last week's hunt I went back to work. For a while now I've been looking into previous targets and out of all my messy jobs, only one person stood out a former congressman, Mark Johnathon Rodes. \"Are you sure about that? I mean this guy did hang himself.\" A familiar voice commented \"And you're dead yet for some reason I see you and you talk to me in real time,\" I said looking over my shoulder at her sitting on the edge of a table swing her legs smiling My ideas of her scrambled in my head to the point where she was my only real sign of losing my sanity. Her long light brown hair her lightly tanned smooth skin wearing an oversized white t-shirt that was clearly too big for her and a pair of dark blue shorts the last outfit I saw her in before I left that day. I see and hear her more often than I'd care to admit but I won't lie I enjoy the company despite it's not real. I was acknowledging something that wasn't there to make me feel like I wasn't alone in all of this but I was. \"~Hellloooo!~ Pay attention to me!\" She said \"Ummm yea...Yeah! What's wrong?\" I asked running over to look at a ringing monitor, \"Trap S-14 went off hopefully it's something light tonight like a squirrel the last thing I need is another fucking deer diet for another two weeks.\" I said grabbing my bag of supplies and getting one last look around the empty room before leaving \"Seriously I told you about the traps here. Way to go jackass!\" A man said walking down a hill \"Like really who the fuck in their right mind actually get their foot suck in a Bear trap! Are you that fucking slow?\" A girl said folding her arms standing in between the two \"Shut The Fuck Up And Help Me!\" A man shouted trying to pry the trap open Just as the trap was about to chop off the man's fingers, \"There! I got it now move your hands before you get them chopped off.\" Another guy said sticking a crowbar in the opening \"LOCKJAW!\" I yelled running up to the trap The trap broke through the crowbar and locked on the man's leg even harder like an animal. He screamed louder than ever before blanking out over the sudden shock he quickly endured. When I finally ran up to the trap the teenagers all had weapons all the guys trembled with guns in their hands and the girl carried a machete. I sighed before setting down my bag and slowly kneeling down to look at the man's leg. \"That's some nasty business I'm guessing he's not to smart is he?\" I asked \"Who...Who the fuck are you?\" One of the guys asked \"First of all dipshit you're trespassing on my land second if were me shaking that hard with a gun in my hand I'd put it down you're more scared than the person you're threatening and third unless you plan on chopping off his leg kill me and this trap isn't gonna open until his bone rot. Drop your weapons give me your names and I'll release your friend here, deal?\" I asked The girl of the group was the first to put her weapon down. The guys were confused but then she pointed out the obvious avenged I had over them and once I claimed that this was my land she thought hunting there was pointless because I have traps all around here and the last thing she wanted to do was chop off her friend's leg only to have him bleed out moments later. \"My name is Megan.\" She said \"No last name Mags?\" I asked \"It's Megan and no I fucking hate that nickname.\" She said folding her arms Her long dark black hair was tied into a fishtail down her back with a beanie on top. Her clothes were dirty a dried up mud stain green shirt torn and ripped up dark blue jeans. Tapping her foot annoyed she stared at the guys before they finally put down their guns. One guy was wearing an old light blue pair of jeans and a black t-shirt he shoved his hands in his pockets rolling his eyes while the other hand the other guy was seemed relieved wearing an old Deadpool t-shirt and gray jeans. \"So names, please?\" I said \"I'm Chad that's my younger brother Dj.\" The one with the black t-shirt said \"And before I let him go who is he?\" I asked \"His name is Pete it's his first time out,\" Dj said \"She didn't ask for all that she just want a name that's it, and that's all we should say,\" Chad said \"Fine. Release.\" I said pulling Pete's leg out the trap and throwing it to the side while it reopens, \"Now get off my land.\" I said before walking off I grabbed my bag and walked right passed them I think I bumped into one of them but I didn't care. I looked over my portable scanner and found out that a few of the traps went off near the house before putting it away. \"So you're just gonna leave them there?\" \"They should haven't gotten stuck,\" I replied \"Yeah, but it's your trap you should take responsibility for it.\" I thought about for a while before turning back. They were still there trying to carry Pete over their shoulder until I told them to follow me. I went by picking up food on the way to the cabin before locking off a door or two. I invited them in and started treating Pete before cooking for everyone. \"Anybody want something with their stew?\" I asked \"What is this rabbit?\" Megan asked \"Whatever it is it's fucking delicious! Bro, you should try it.\" Tj said eating a fork full \"I'm not hungry,\" Chad said \"But you need your strength so eat something like I said after your buddy wakes up you guys need to get back on the road,\" I said passing him a bowl \"Just how long have you been here by yourself anyway?\" Chad asked taking the bowl \"Ummm...a few months I think. When was President Roan's assassination again?\" I asked unsurely \"That was five years ago,\" Chad answered The room fell silent as I started to gather everything. I excused myself and went to reach any and everything I could find for the last five years only to return to see everybody sleeping expect Megan. \"You've missed out on a lot.\" She said leaning against the wall \"Did you think I was one of those Purgers?\" I asked \"Well yes and no. Look it's clear to me that you've been doing well on your own so far but it's not gonna last forever, the group we're apart of doesn't kill.\"She said \"Yeah, no shit it's obvious you guys have no defensive skills what so ever. I scared the shit out of you guys without trying not to even add the fourth-member I trapped.\" I said \"That's why we could use somebody like you with us to teach us.\" She said \"Thanks but I got my own problems to deal with and I can't rest until I handle it,\" I replied \"If we can find this place what makes you think those assholes who kill for fun won't find it either another Purge is coming up next week and those creatures have already taken over the major cities no one is safe.\" She said \"And I understand that but those dipshits took something from me something I can never get back so I'm taking the only thing I can get,\" I said \"Oh yeah and what's that?\" She questioned \"Revenge. Like I said once Pete wakes up you all gotta get the fuck off my land.\" I said before going to bed Magan stayed up a little while longer before going to bed while I hardly got any sleep at all Maria forcing me to wake up as my nightmares only to scowl me as my conscious it was an unbearable few days. Especially when Chad and Dj stumbled upon my research room and started to play with the camera I damn near killed the both of them holding them hostage at gunpoint while Magan went hunting. Once Pete woke up I gave them one more night to rest and get food the next morning I went with them down the hill. Magan made the offer to at least see their camp one last time I declined and went back to my cabin, only to be heartbroken once again as the flames from nearby fires slowly started to engulf my home. I ran inside grabbing the camera my pack and a small med kit on my way out. I watched as the fire eventually leveled my once loved filled house into nothing more than burnt wood and ash before passing out.[Chapter 3] The woods where dark and quiet only the sounds of the nocturnal animals echoed through the bleak footsteps racing around. A shadow blending in with the night creeping closer to a frighten target standing in the middle of an open field cautiously looking around. Her hands trembling with a gun inside of them waving it around like a scared child with a flashlight. As I moved closer to the field she was getting more and more fearful slowly walking back until...Bang Bang Bang! \"Wow your aim is complete shit but your instincts are on point,\" I said walking up, \"But you really need to calm down relax open your eyes to your target and slowly pull the trigger back with the barrel aim at them straight and confident. Alright, Love?\" I asked guiding her hands \"Why do I need to know all of this anyway it's not like you won't be with me?\" She asked \"You know what I am now and the risk of being with me. I need to make sure you know how to protect yourself.\" I said relighting the fire \"I can take care of myself you worry way too much babe.\" She said sitting down \"And you don't worry enough. I'm not always gonna be there to protect you, you know that right?\" I asked \"Well you haven't let me down so far, sure you've pushed me away at times but whenever I was scared you'd be there for me.\" She said \"Well, that's because it's not hard to want to protect you especially since the whole thing with Damien,\" I said laying down \"Oh God, why did you have to bring him up other than that what was going on in your head that day?\" She asked \"Well, a client dropped a hit at the very last second I was at the sight locked and loaded aimed and everything in between only to get a call three seconds from pulling the trigger I get a phone call telling me to back down. I was pissed off not only did they called the hit off but I didn't get paid for it either. So when I was walking to my apartment I won't lie and say I wasn't looking for a fight protecting you just gave me a valid reason to blow off steam. Still, you looked terrified and he clearly wasn't gonna let up so... I butted into your business after that I honestly didn't expect to see you again but then I saw you at the park. You looked better happier that's when I knew I didn't make a mistake.\" I said \"How did you know? I mean how did you know when I said 'I'm fine' I really meant save me?\" She said \"Do you remember the tattoo with the same phase on your hand whenever you waved me off from a different angle it read out \"save me\" so I did or at least that's what I saw from where I was standing. At the end of the day, I am the farthest thing from a hero I was just pissed and needed to take it out on someone or something kind of glad that asshole was there.\" I replied \"So you didn't care that I was there?\" She asked sounding a little hurt \"Maria, I didn't even know you at least not at that moment. You were being hurt and I needed a reason to fight like I said I didn't expect to see you ever again but deep down I wanted too. Apart of me wanted to know if you were okay if you were getting better after that because it was the first time in a long time that I fought for a just reason. After that day I saw you in the park I couldn't really get you out my head your smile your laugh god your laugh but I know you needed time so I waited after awhile I spotted you again after coming back from a job and of course, you didn't remember me so I played along with the whole \"first meeting\" thing and now we're here. Thinking about it now maybe I wanted to fight him was because I saw myself in you but I'm getting way off track.\" I said \"No what do you mean, tell me. Please?\" She asked gently laying my head on her lap I closed my eyes to help me relax a little bit more, \"I...my father wasn't exactly a good man don't get me wrong he was a great dad but before me and my mom he was a ruthless killer he worked for some...unfriendly people and he worked exclusively for them the only way out was in a box. My dad tried to run once he found out about me so he and my mom ran she died giving birth or that's what I was told. They found him and told him he had two options since they no longer wanted money it was either me or him. I was five going on six when I last saw him and he said something to me while giving me a hug. What was it?! Shit. It's been so long since I've talked to anybody about something like this that I can't remember. I was thrown in the system one abusive home to the next those sleepless nights of wondering when he was coming back for me running out to find him for days weeks even only to caught by the police and thrown into another home. Then the purge happened one of the workers had some kind of break down and started killing us I ran only to get trapped by some fucked up people. That night was my first kill I was only thirteen no home barely any clothes on my back and a hand full of money that I had stolen off that pedophile. I kept running stealing to survive the reminding days of the year once the Purge would come around killing would be my last resort but I still you know. Eventually, I got the attention of the same kind of people that took my dad away first as a lookout working my way up next thing I know I'm a gun for hire. I saved you so you could have the chance I never got and besides this job is easy when you're alone there's no risk it's just lonely but with you well I have a reason but I don't know what would I do if I lost you over something that I caused. So yeah, I'm overprotective and more cautious now because you're the only light that I have right now and if you were to I don't even want to say it because of me well it'll be a fate worse than death.\" I said \"Well now that I'm dead maybe you could start protecting others and give them that same chance you gave me the chance you never got.\" She said I sat up and looked around to see the cabin in its former glory thinking to myself that the smoke got to me after I ran out from grabbing everything I needed. I got off the ground and started to look for a spot to gather some water when I saw an image of Maria pointing in a different direction. I had been ignoring her sense of direction in favor of my own cause I was sure she'd lead me to the others. After a while, I started walking in the opposite direction of where ever she appeared until she stood right in front of me blocking me off. \"What!? What now!?\" I shouted \"Really? You're just gonna act like you didn't have a dream like that for no reason better yet a memory like that!\" She said \"Yup! They're not my problem. Who the hell cares if they don't kill why should I even go there?!\" I said walking through her \"Because you can protect them.\" She said \"Strenght in numbers they'll be fine,\" I said walking away \"Not when they're that weak. Look I know you're tired but if you don't train these people they will die and you do owe them.\" She said causing me to pause \"What do I owe them? I've lost so much compared to them it doesn't make sense like why am I even talking to you? You are not real! YOU'RE NOT REAL!\" I yelled out \"Who the hell are you talking too?\" Megan asked \"I'm Talking To!\" I shouted out pointing at nothing realizing that she was gone She was always slick whenever I didn't want to do something she'd make it seem like I was doing something else but it was a small part of the bigger picture walking away from her must of giving her an idea to guild me to Megan's location no wonder she started an argument. Even in the afterlife she still knows how to mutilate me I calmed my nerves and told Megan what happened to my house while we walked back. \"That's sad to hear still the offer is on the table just know even though we carry guns they're not loaded so don't be the one who takes avenge of that. There are a couple of guys who still believe in keeping their weapons loaded so be on the lookout for that.\" She said \"I figured that much but is there a system implemented here like a certain job placement?\" I asked following her \"Nah we just do whatever we can for each other that's about it no one is held down or forced to do anything they don't want to but if we do something we have to think about others who can't do things like gathering food. I could have grabbed a small animal but I'm hunting for something bigger at least a whitetail but I haven't seen anything in a while. That's why we were on your land apparently deer use that route when they migrate here from the southern regains anyway it would have been helpful if you had some traps planted here too.\" She said \"I do but not that many maybe two or three if only I had my scanner to track down the exact location of the traps this would have been a lot easier,\" I said \"Oh well is there another way to locate them like the voice commands you gave earlier?\" She wondered \"Not unless I'm within three feet of the trap until than we're fucked,\" I said \"Oh goody. I might as well take you back to camp since hunting is pointless down this route like I said others come first and somebody is bound to be waiting on me anyway.\" She said leading the way \"Why is that?\" I asked following up behind her \"Cause I'm the only actual medical personnel there before all this shit happened I was a nurse. Still in training of course but a nurse none the less.\" She replied It was a mile or two away from the spot we had met up on the way we found one of my traps with a squirrel trapped inside but since it was a small one I grabbed it and sold it off to a peddler for a small bottle full of gas. I kept hold of the trap until we were about five minutes away from the camp we took a walk on a dirt road and I planted the trap near an oak tree. \"It's right on this hill.\" She pointed out \"Bout time maybe I can finally get some rest cause those short water breaks wasn't really hitting the spot,\" I said \"It was nonstop or be out after dark just be happy there's a bit of sunlight left.\" She said \"Yeah, whatever it wouldn't be the first time I had to fend for myself out here after...hours,\" I said before looking at the supposed hideout \"Well, Erica think you can make inside without making a scene?\" Maria asked laughing at me It wasn't fair out of all of the places they could have hidden it would have been an old broken down abandon warehouse. My nerves were on edge the flashes of the video played over my reality. I felt sick getting closer and closer to the entrance my breathing was growing more and more rapid as I leaned against the side of the door. For the first time in my life, I was having a panic attack and I honestly didn't know what to do. I was scared shaky and unstable trying to force myself to stop wasn't working lying to myself wasn't working either eventually, I slid down the door and sat in front of it. \"Hey, are you okay? You don't look so good.\" She said \"Ummm yeah, It must have been the walk it took a lot out of me you know? It's been a while since I had to hike for anything really since all I need was in arms reach.\" I lied She looked at me as if she saw right through my bull shit and grabbed my hand helping me on my feet before throwing my arm around her shoulder. When I got inside the video kept playing in my head certain spots I'd see a blood trail others the rusty chains the leaky pipes the flickering lights it seems like things couldn't get any worse until we walked passed a makeshift medical room there was a body laying on the bed with a blanket covering the persons face. Each step felt heavier I never felt more powerless to this fate to this suffering nevertheless I was taken to an empty room with a mat on the floor. \"I know it's not much, hell compared to what you had this is a major downgrade but it should do for tonight.\" She said \"No! Nononono I...I can't stay here not in a place like this.\" I said \"Look I know this isn't good enough for you but it's all we got left now you're staying whether you like or not even if that's means I have to stay with you.\" She said \"Ooooh, I like her,\" Maria said \"Shut up,\" I muttered \"Excuse me?\" She said, \"Oh yeah, I'm definitely staying with you good luck getting rid of me now.\" \"Don't you have other patients to deal with like why waste your time dealing with me?\" I asked \"Because you're not well and you could lie about if you want but the way you act is completely abnormal just get some rest for now. I'll get you some food but don't go running off.\" She said after laying me down on the mat I waited for a few minutes before getting my stuff and sneaking out the door after a couple of wrong turns and bumping into people I ended up outside. I set up a small tent closeby and crawled inside a sleeping bag feeling more restless than ever as I slowly started to doze off she appeared right in front me. \"You're still running away are you?\" Maria asked \"I...I'm just not ready yet now let me sleep,\" I mumbled turning on my side away from her \"Not ready? Well, you made it inside without throwing up or freaking the fuck out.\" She said facing me once again \"Can you please just go away? I really need to rest it's been a long day.\" I said turning on my back \"Don't act like if I wasn't alive you wouldn't want me here.\" She said laying on top of me \"But your not alive are you?\" I asked \"Maybe I am alive as long as you believe it to be true just give into me Erica. Forget about the outside world and stay here with me forever.\" She said It was easy and somewhat relaxing slowly closing my eyes shutting down everything the peace was comforting for a moment she was really in my grasp. I felt her soft silk like skin against my fingertips hearing her breathing softly in my ear her heartbeat perfectly syncing with mine. This was more than a dream but it felt like an alternate reality altogether. \"M...Maria.\" I softly said under my breath \"WAKE UP!\" Megan yelled shaking me away \"WHAT?! WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT!?\" I yelled noticing I was dragged out my tent, \"What the serious fuck happened?\" \"I told you it's dangerous being out here at night they almost would have abducted you with no problems if I hadn't come out here to get you. Just what the hell you were thinking anyway?\" She asked \"I can't sleep there Megan, okay? I...just can't.\" I said \"Does it has something to do with this Maria person you mentioned under your breath while you were sleeping?\" She asked \"I...I rather not talk about it.\" I said glancing away \"Fair enough. At least try to come inside like I said we could use you and it'll be fucked up if something were to happen to you under our watch okay?\" She asked before heading back \"Hey is that offer still on the table?\" I asked sitting up \"Sure. Like why the fuck not as long as you stay inside this time.\" She replied[Chapter 4] It wasn't my first trip with the boys but Pete was a new addiction with the group 'great another a muscle with no brain' even though Dj is smart for his age and Chad is more of a leader but only when it comes to his brother we didn't balance out that well as a team. I was the only one with any actual experience dealing with the purge and nutcases who'd get involved with it. The man who claims to used to be in the 'arm forces' doesn't really know what the hell is he doing. His whole program is a joke and shouldn't be taken seriously but people actually trust it to defend themselves only if they knew the truth but they hardly listen to me taking his word over mine. Still, I didn't really know what to expect than she popped up out of nowhere. Her dark deminer overshadowed the atmosphere completely, her icy cold stared slowly carefully overlooked all of us a small slight smirk started to form on her face before she quickly turned her attention to Pete. The way she spoke was empty useless words pretending to care only to get us more worried about him the more she talked the easier she turned our defenses into protective instincts. At least she was the type to keep her word after we told her our names and dropped our shit she let Pete go before telling us to basically fuck off and walking off. And just when I thought I had her figured out she came back and invited us to stay with her, it was odd and off-putting but her house was so simple and inviting it was hard to refuse to get comfortable. The next few days during Pete's recovery was dare I say easy and a bit relaxing Erica showed me how some of her traps worked and how she basically survived here by herself for so long. She was a natural dynamic but it wasn't hard to ignore the signs that something was bothering her. Her inconsistent and indecisive behavior is unsettling I watched her talk no argue with herself almost if another person was right in front of her as she paced back and forward unsure of her next move something was off about it especially when she just fell to her knees. She looked weaken even remorseful when I leaned in closer she was staring at a camera set on a nightstand. Her mood was bipolar almost schizophrenic one moment she's honestly interested in what we have to say next I know she throwing a knife across the room with a terrified look in her eyes. Still, I invited her to come with us to our camp just so she could be around more people and so I could study her condition a little more since I never encountered someone as fucked up as her but sadly she said no. After we took off I found her wandering around in the woods yelling at herself again she eventually calmed down long enough to talk to me and follow me to my camp but her reaction when she found out it was an old abandon warehouse sent her into some kind of frenzy. I had to help her inside she felt weak and light on her feet despite her dragging them there was a light muffled crying sound from her I wasn't sure and honestly, I was too sorry for her to actually see if she was crying. I laid her down in the room for a split-second just to go get her some food once I came back she ran off so I went out looking for her. She looked peaceful unaware of reality as a couple guys dragged her out of her tent I managed to somehow and I mean somehow scared them off. She was completely lost and out of it I couldn't explain it so I told her what happened she caved into coming back with me. But something was off I made a pallet on the floor near her mat while she got comfortable before I even said goodnight she was already knocked out. But something was happening in her sleep so I grabbed my notepad and pen and started documenting her symptoms: *Heavy breathing *Night Sweats *Tossing and Turning *Random Outburst *Trembling and rapid seizures *Crying and/or moaning (in pain) *Random fits of anger But the worst of all came out of nowhere at some point I dozed off without realizing it waking up with the sun in my eyes from a dull window with my back facing her. It was quiet for once peaceful I turned on my back before glancing over at her as she tossed and turned she snap up screaming her hand twitching rapidly sliding across the floor like she was trying to reach for something eventually gliding over a pocket knife before slicing open her wrist. The pain must have bought her back from that hellish nightmare as she went into a panic trying to stop the bleeding before wrapping up her arm. \"Thank God, she's asleep and that I kept some band-aids hopefully I don't kill myself doing this again.\" That's exactly what she said before she moved the mat over the little pool of blood and leaving the room. I pretend to be asleep for a little while longer when she came back with a mop and bucket in hand to clean up her mess afterward she hid the knife in the folds of the matt she was sleeping on. \"I know you're not sleeping and I don't wanna talk about it so...yeah thanks for not saying anything.\" She said before leaving I stayed back for a while and looked at my notes before looking around her stuff and finding the camera curious I opened it up to a video that was on pause. Once I pushed play on the video an assault was in progress and it was getting worse by the second the laughing in the background the screaming of the victim it all seemed too painful to finish so I didn't. After stopping the video I rewind it back to the last stopping point and put it away and eventually left[Chapter 5] My normal routine again and this time Megan was watching I really didn't want her to know but I couldn't help myself she was acting like she was asleep which was bull shit cause I know she's been writing something all last night still knowing she was a medical student maybe she was just interested in my condition and that's why she wants me around so badly. Either way after cleaning up my mess and telling her to stop acting like she doesn't know I left, blending in with the crowd of people heading to the cafeteria it was easy being a wolf in sheep's clothing following everyone else's lead. I sat down staring at the tray of food in front of me picking at it a little before glancing over everybody else. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" \"I'm sorry but umm who are you again?\" I asked \"Chad remember? I stayed over your place with Dj Megan and Pete.\" He said sitting down in front of me \"Oh yeah. How are you?\" I asked watching eggs slowly slide off my fork \"Can you not play with your food or at least give it to somebody who needs it.\" He suggested eating \"I'll eat but I want to know more about this guy who taught you guys how to defend yourselves,\" I said \"You mean Terrence? Well, I know a little about him if you want information. He's a Marine kid says his dad and older brother join and he followed up behind them. Once he got home he was diagnosed with PTSD he participated in the Purge eventually coming to the terms that he wasn't well he stopped being part of the problem and started being part of the solution.\" He said \"That's it? No details no tours no war stories like that's all. Nah, that doesn't seem right I've met vets before and trust me Marines especially love to boast about their tours and kill counts. Can you show me where he teaches this class?\" I asked \"Yeah, but he's not teaching a class until later on today and I'd rather wait so you could see what he's all about,\" Chad said \"Fair enough so what do you guys do around here to kill time?\" I asked \"Weeeeell, I hang out with Dj and Megan we play basketball a lot hunting for everybody is a good way ummmm...what else? what else?\" He asked \"You gotta gun range my skills are getting a bit rusty,\" I said \"A gun range? Are you seriously we don't kill you do know that right?\" He asked \"But you gotta have target practice to hunt right?\" I said \"Yeah, but we don't have one to use well not anymore our old one broke.\" He said finishing up his food \"I can build one it's gonna be cheap and I'm gonna need a lot of cans and bottles but I can do it with a little help,\" I said \"So what you want me to help out?\" He asked \"If you don't mind other than that you have to work on your aim anyway,\" I said \"Yeah right, I bet if I can make this shot you can forget me helping out.\" He said \"Sure go for it and if I make mine you'll help me out,\" I said We both took the wrappers and trash off our trays and mashed them into balls before trying to make our shots I made mine into the trash can while Chad missed due to someone walking in the way. After another round, Chad eventually decided to just help gather the things I needed for the homemade gun range I grabbed some rope tied a few bottles to some tree branches and set up a few cans in random places. \"So...since you don't use live ammo what do you use?\" I asked \"Airsoft guns or better known as BB guns we also use tranquilizers stun guns a lot of nonlethal forms of weaponry,\" Chad said loading them up \"Cool even though I'd rather use my stuff I don't have enough rounds to waste other than that it seems like I gotta sell my soul for bullets,\" I said \"Can I see it? The gun I mean.\" He asked \"Yeah sure,\" I said making sure it was on safe before passing it off He immediately took note of how heavy the gun was it his hands fiddling with the trigger looking over the barrel at every detail before taking aim at a bottle. I grabbed one of the BB guns and looked over it myself trying to get used to how light it feels before taking aim at a can in the corner before pulling the trigger. It was the first time in a long time that I've missed a shot and it really didn't sit well with me once Chad started laughing. So of course, I blamed the gun but after missing two more shots Chad started to doubt my skills. I set down the gun before tieing my hair back out of my face before getting the gun and finding my center taking aim. The wind started to pick up making the bottles on the branches swaying from side to side before I started shooting . One by one the bottles quickly shattered the cans flew into the air for a second before falling back on the ground with a single can getting stabbed into a tree. \"Told you I'm a bit rusty,\" I said \"Where did that knife come from?\" He asked \"What? You don't carry one everywhere? What has this man been teaching you all?\" I questioned \"Not that! We learn how to defend ourselves not to slaughter everything in sight!\" He yelled in protest \"Defending yourself and slaughtering everything is two different things but what I just demonstrated was a form of intimidation. While it is true I am rusty I am capable of more than what I appear to be meaning just because I look like I can't take care of myself that doesn't mean I can't. My fastest time on a little range like this is about three seconds flat with that can having at least two knives in it.\" I said pulling the knife out the tree \"Just what the hell where you before all this shit happened anyway?\" He asked \"I'd rather not go into that now. For now, I wanna see what you think you know so far.\" I said setting up new cans and bottles \"Meaning? What exactly?\" He questioned \"With everything Terrene taught you, shoot everything,\" I said The rapid shaking of the gun just pissed me off, I really felt offended the faster the barrel moved the more it was making me mad but nevertheless I stood by watching the shit show unfold. He just randomly shot trying to time it right when the barrel was focused on the can but the way he stood hunched over with his feet tightly close together and the kick back on the BB gun even almost knocking him down it was hard to watch. \"Stop Stop Stop! Please tell me you know a different way to shoot?!\" I said unable to handle the shit show any longer \"Yeah of course. To be honest I hate shooting that way anyway.\" He said recentering himself He was more relaxed and balanced taking a firm stands in front of the cans before firing. It was easier for him to get a lock on the cans since he no longer shook the gun and he went at a faster pace too but not as fast as me of course. After a while, I took the safety off my pistol and carefully handed it off to him remind him there are only three rounds in the magazine including the one in the chamber. He was a little nervous at first but after catching his breath I could tell right away that he had to have killed before the demeanor was the same as mine cold numb and calculated. He missed the first two probably because of the kickback of the gun made him hesitate to shot after his third shot he got comfortable with it. He looked over at me with a smile saying that he never shot a real gun before and that this was fun before noticing it was time for Tarrance's class. So we packed up everything and with Chad leading the way we went to the lower basement level of the warehouse were a small group of people was gathering. I glanced over the small group before noticing Magen with her back against the wall with her arms folded. \"Hey, umm how was your day?\" I asked \"Are you sure you're okay?\" She asked looking at me \"Who cares about me? Other than that I asked a question first.\" I said \"It was busy some of our people got held up by bandits again. A small group of four and only two came back with their limbs intact one was lucky enough to have their arm popped back into place while the same can't be said for the other.\" She said \"What happened?\" I asked \"Apparently the bandits kept it as a trophy along with their two kills those sick fucks treating human lives like it's a game, but this is the rule that's gonna get everybody killed if we want to leave camp with we Have to train under Terrence.\" She said \"And where the hell is he?\" I asked as a man walked passed \"Speak of the devil and he shall appear,\" Megan said going to a seat The man was at least six feet tall wearing a black t-shirt and dark gray jeans. He was averaged size very fit and toned clearly he didn't lift that much since he didn't really have any muscles mass but it was clear to me he was active in some sort of fitness routine. His sea blue eyes had a light shine of hope in them with a smile that could easily hide what despair that consumed the outside world. He looked mixed between white and Mexican or some form of Hasphic decent. He set down a couple of items on the table before writing on a board with a marker. I found a sit near Megan and Chad before sitting down I flip the back of the chair facing Terrence while he slams down the marker. \"For those of you who may not know my name is Terrence and I'll be teaching you ways to protect yourself outside the safety of the camp. Today's lesson will be on knife techniques, we'll go over how to properly hold a knife, how to disarmed one from your enemy, and techniques used to defend yourselves if you're carrying on your person.\" He said \"Pssss, PSSSSSS, hey Mags do you think he'll use you as a volunteer again?\" Chad asked \"He always does and I don't think that's gonna change unless I stay after class.\" She replied \"What's happening after class?\" I asked \"He calls it \"extra practice\" but I honestly think some shady shit is happening behind our backs. He's always looking for female volunteers women he can easily overpower some of the weaker guys too.\" She answered \"See what I mean, he's up to something,\" Maria said \"Do you think he's just taking advantage of them or is there something else going on?\" I asked \"I don't know but I'm not falling for his bull shit I guess that's why he targets me so much,\" She started before staring at him, \"Just look at him thinking he's such hot shit I hope somebody put him in his place for once.\" She said His stands were complete shit he kept a light loose grip on the knife he stumbled on his feet then he'd laugh about it as if it was an honest mistake. It was perfectly clear to me that he was full on shit and had no clue on this universe of what he was doing the lies he was telling others about the purge and how people would act during it was completely undermined. I felt sick and shocked that people are just going along with it as he boldly walked by with his ego front and center of it all. During his \"class\" if you would even want to call it that he'd use females to practice with some looked uncomfortable with him so close others would just give in and try to play it off. \"Can I have one more volunteer ummmmm...Megan! Why don't you give me a hand with this next technique?\" He said with a smile on his face \"How about no?\" She asked \"Just three seconds you know you are my favorite student riiiight?\" He said It seemed like the entire class had their eyes on her some muttering under their breath as their cold hard stares zoomed in on her. Tenison was high as she rolled her eyes before giving in to the peer pressure. She stood up and made her way down the entire time no one took their eyes off her especially once she finally made it to Terrence. \"Can we make this quick I got patients to tend too after this.\" She said \"Don't worry now show me your stands.\" He said Her stands were perfectly fine to me feet should width apart balanced center of gravity, her hands had a tight firm grip on the handle, her eyes locked on Terrence as he circled around her. Making his so-called \"corrections\" kicking her feet closer together groping her chest to force her to lean further back but it was when he grabbed her waist pulling her hips towards him things was clearly off. She had an uncomfortable glance around the room before looking away from everyone than out of 'nowhere' she pushed him off her. \"Hey, we're not done yet.\" He said \"It's an emergency I gotta go.\" She said before walking out \"He's...he isn't well. I think you should go check on her this isn't the first time that has happened.\" Chad whispered I nodded and quietly left my seat only to see her pace back and forward hitting the wall before evening noticing me. \"Are you okay?\" I asked \"I'm okay with a lot of shit I can take it the groping him touching me no one saying a god damn thing about it but when he gets a fucking hard on and does that front of everybody that's it I'm done with it I can't keep on pretending this is okay when it's not!\" She confessed \"How times has this happened?\" I asked \"More times than it should with different girls and guys. Everybody is too afraid to say anything to scare him off because they think he's the only one who could protect them or show them how to protect themselves.\" She said \"Come back to class with me, please?\" I asked \"What? Why the hell should I?\" She said \"Because he embarrassed you and if you think I'm not about to make this fake my bitch you must don't know what kind of savage I can be, and besides I'd hate for you to miss out on the show,\" I said with a sinter smile After a few minutes, we both came back to the class Terrence was finishing up showing his latest victims...I mean 'students' one of the final techniques of the day before noticing Megan and I walk back to seats now taking note of my presence his mind trying to think of some ridiculous idea of getting down for a public \"lesson\" \"Ummm...Does anybody need me to review any of the techniques that I have done for today?\" He asked just as I raised my hand \"Yeah, my name is Erica and I'm new here. I was wondering could you go over the last thing you did?\" I asked \"Sure. Why don't you come down here and I'll show you personally.\" He said \"Hey, showtime,\" I whispered to Chad and Megan before happily making my way towards him \"Okay. Show me your stands.\" He said Of course, I pretend not to know anything he feeds off those who know absolutely nothing and takes advantage of it. He had no shame or sense of regret as he felt up my skin groping me as if I was his toy before moving his hands down to my waist forcing my hips against his. Feeling his erection through his jeans pushing up against me was...disappointing over the simple fact that well...I'd thought it'd be much bigger than what I was feeling. No, it was his desire of sniffing my hair and having to overhear his heavy breathing in my ear that made me donkey kick him in the balls. \"HEY THIS DICK HEAD IS A FRAUD MY NAME IS ERICA AND I WILL BE TEACHING YOU FROM HERE ON OUT! FIRST LESSON: HOW ANGER IS YOUR ALLEY!\" I shouted while Terrence scrambled up to his feet \"You're gonna pay for that bitch!\" He said charging towards me \"OOOOOOOOO I'm sooooooo scared!\" I said with my back against the wall As he blindly charged toward me all I did was sidestep out of the way so he'd be dumb enough to ram himself headfirst against the wall. A few people busted out laughing while I took a bow as Terrence shook off his mild concussion and somehow crawled back to his feet before grabbing a knife off the table. He came up waving the knife around like a junkie on speed it seemed effortless tripping him off his feet grabbing the knife right out his hand as he fell grabbing the table to keep his balance I sliced open his wrist before quickly slamming his head against the table before holding the knife up to his throat \"Well you see you hurt my friend and I was wondering can you apologize to her before you know I shove your dick down your throat and shove your balls up your ass you sleazy dirty motherfucker,\" I said \"And why the fuck should I do that if she doesn't scream she wanted it right?\" He asked \"Hey Megs give me a hand and a few knives please?\" I asked \"Oh okay, I guess.\" She said \"Alright class you just saw how anger blinded him into losing a fight right now I'd like to go over getting information through none lethal ways of torcher,\" I said \"What are you doing?\" She asked \"Just tie him down, please. I was alone in the woods for five years mourning the loss of my wife because of the purge simply because I wasn't strong enough to protect her so if you think I'm just going to sit by and watch someone else I care about get hurt you're wrong. And for everybody who allowed this to happen, you are aware that this man knows nothing and has been using you all?\" I asked \"Like that, it matters the Illuminati will burn this shit hole to the ground anyway.\" He said \"I'd love to see them try, and torcher is none lethal unless you die and trust me I can keep you alive for as long as I feel like it. \" I said before hearing someone clapping in the back \"Well if you aren't a ball of furry. Megan, can you and your friend there meet me in my office and don't forget that jackass over there too.\" He said before leaving \"Aww shit!\" Megan said \"Who was that?\" I asked \"Rock, the guy in charge on this camp.\" She replied \"Well, at least I made a good first impression,\" I said before hitting Terrence on conscious[Chapter 6] \"Hey, thanks for carrying Terrence, Chad. I really owe you one for this.\" I said \"This asshole needed to be knocked out.\" He said walking beside us \"Hey umm, you can go ahead Chad I need to talk to Erica alone for a moment,\" Megan said \"Sure take as much time as you guys need I'll let Rock now.\" He said walking ahead \"Is there something wrong?\" I asked \"What was that back there? It was like you were a completely different person and all that stuff you were saying about you caring about me. You don't even know me.\" She said \"Look, you gave me a shot at a second chance and I'm grateful for that if you wanna get to know me, if you wanna help me then it's a long story I just hope you got time for it,\" I said \"Well, I can't lie and say that I do, but I have one question for you and you have to be honest. Is that your wife on the video?\" She asked \"Like I said you wanna get to know me then make some time to hear my story,\" I said walking towards the office \"Oh you must think you're so cool right now are you gonna tell her what was going through your head? The fact that you keep seeing my image over her or are you just gonna keep that to yourself along with the fact that I died because of you. And are you gonna tell them who you really are and all of this happened because you had to take the damn job? Oh, my bad all of this happened because Tobias had to take the damn job. Let's face it you're still running it doesn't matter how hard to try to cover it up and guess what if they find out who you are...you're fucked.\" Maria said I hit myself in the head a few times just to try and clear her out jumping a little to get back on track. Trying to remind myself that everything is okay and that no one knows a thing about me still it's only a matter of time. The fact that Maria's image does form over Megan's body making it so in my eyes there is no difference between the two is making this complicated. Still, I can keep ducking and dodging questions for as long as I can, hopefully, I don't fuck this up. After a sigh of breath and gathering my thoughts I calmly walked inside. \"So she's cool right?\" Rock asked sitting down in a chair \"Fuck yeah! I mean she's rough around the edges and hardly opens up but she's a good person or at least I think so.\" Chad said \"Ummmm you wanted me right?\" I asked Rock was wearing a black and red plaid shirt with dark black jeans. He pushed his dark black hair back before looking at me with dark brown eyes so dark that they looked midnight. His skin was lightly tanned with scars on his arms and near his neck that he had no problem in showing to everyone around him but that wasn't what grabbed my attention it was his tone of voice. It was simple almost welcoming with a slight judgment of a leader almost like if he'd say a command everyone would just follow no questions asked something I hardly see anymore. \"Hey Rock.\" Megan sighed following up behind me \"Oh hey, Megs finally found someone who'd get rid of Terrence for you or what?\" He asked pointing at Terrence tied up in a corner \"Something like that,\" Megan replied throwing a book at Terrence's head, \"He was trying to wake up.\" \"Am I missing something or...?\" I asked \"Other than the fact that you just did Megan's dirty work in getting rid of Terrence, a guy she has always hated, by the way, you didn't really miss out on anything.\" He answered \"You skipped out on the part where you knew about his behavior and refused to do anything about it.\" She said \"Oh, I'm sorry. Can you please teach everybody about none lethal ways of self-defense, or something about the murders of the purge, or give a class about the Illuminati? I didn't think so.\" He replied \"I know you're not supposed to allow members in.\" She said folding her arms \"So...when did they break up?\" I asked \"About four months ago,\" Chad said with a smile \"CHAD!\" They both yelled \"Wow. So ummm you're in charge of this place and you let this serial rapist teach self-defense, doesn't that seems counter-productive?\" I asked \"I can't really do anything unless I have proof of what's going or someone at least one person saying something to me about it.\" He said \"Which is bull shit because I specifically said something about it,\" Megan said \"Which we looked into and found nothing, we even asked others and they didn't say anything either. Instead, they placed the blame on you and started calling you a liar and an attention whore, remember?\" He asked \"Yeah, they said everything to protect him all because without him they'd die a lot sooner if it wasn't for his teaching skills at least that was one of the many lies he would tell them.\" She said \"Okay. That's enough I'm done listening to this shit. I know assholes like him and trust me he's dangerous, not only because he basically confessed about being with the Illuminati but he already moved on from women to men and he wasn't gonna stop next would have been either children or the elderly than the ladder option eventually he would have start screwing your sick and even dead.\" I said \"And how in the hell would you know that?\" Rock asked \"Cause I grew up in the Purge, I grew up around sick twisted people like him,\" I answered \"Just who the hell are you anyway?\" He asked \"Where should I begin with this shit show call my life? Well, my is Erica no last name as far as I know anyway I was a foster kid found on the doorstep of an abusive orphanage where I was forced to one shit hole temp house to another eventually getting tagged as a runaway bout time I was nine When I was thirteen the First Purge happened one of the workers was killing kids in our sleep I got out only to almost got raped by a fucking pedophile after that I kept running and I haven't looked back since. Any questions?\" I asked \"How did you get out?\" Chad asked \"Let's just say some unfriendly people took notice and they weren't exactly the family I was looking for but they kept me tough...I had no choice but to be strong or get my ass beat again and again and again until I either got it right or died, but hey I'm still alive for a reason right?\" I asked The look they all gave me as I folded my arms was like they were uncomfortable with my answer. Rock was frozen almost in some form of disbelief, Chad was frozen as well but the look in his eyes hid a bit of excitement in them yarning to learn more from me, he was eager. It was the shock and disbelief in her eyes that made me question if I had said too much or not. That worried almost dishearten look that vividly remind me of Maria when I told her my story I blinked to see Megan's eyes slowly water only for her to rub them so I wouldn't notice. She was worried about me. I sighed deeply shrugging it off as I normally would before clapping my hands to get everybody's attention. \"So...what are you gonna do about him?\" I asked pointing at Terrence who was slowly waking back up \"To be honest, I could care less about his dirty dick ass. What I want is the bitch who started all of this.\" Rock said \"GEEEE, I WONDER WHO COULD HE BE TALKING ABOUT!?\" Maria asked \"Rock, I highly doubt we'll ever come across the assassin who killed President Roan. Other than that there were rumors saying Tarantula died years ago before the Illuminati even showed up.\" Megan said \"But they never found a body,\" Chad said \"And the police gave up the search to damn soon, only a week and lose their shit just as the Vice-President was sworn in,\" Rock added \"Such an odd coincidence, isn't it?\" Maria asked \"Maybe they had it all planned out, I mean the Illuminati is a powerful organization they probably had the police in their back pocket even before all of this happened and since the last assassination was within the security detail maybe that person and Tarantula are one in the same,\" I said \"Oooo, good lie good lie now let's see if he'll fall for it,\" Maria said \"No no no. I think that bitch is still out there and once I find them...\" Rock started \"Oh God, there he goes again!\" Terrence yelled \"Shit. When did he wake up?\" Megan groaned \"Do you want me to knock him out again?\" I asked \"No. We need information out of him.\" Rock said \"I can do that too, just give me a new knife tie him up to the rail with a gag in his mouth and all I need is about five to ten minutes,\" I said \"Like hell, you would you fucking piece of shit!\" He yelled \"Or I can kick him in the balls continuously for an hour straight his choice,\" I said \"Oh, I'm terrified.\" He said \"Okay! Somebody get me a gag!\" I said tightly tieing up my shoelaces \"Chill out, you know you are so quick to jump the gun for anything that has to do with violence like are you okay?\" Chad asked \"Yeah, I'm fine now about that gag cause I don't wanna hear him unless he's screaming out answers to questions,\" I said looking at a bat, \"May I? This could be helpful.\" I asked \"Go for it,\" Rock said as I happily grabbed the bat and started doing practice swings \"Are you fucking serious? Erica, sit down and calm down we can do this another way.\" Megan said \"Yeah, riiiiiiight with jackasses like him the only way too straightforward answers is through pain unless he's one of those,\" I said with the bat over my shoulders \"One of what?\" Chad asked \"I don't want him getting any bright ideas so I'll tell you later and if he is one of those than I don't know what you'll do with him,\" I said \"All of us have a tolerance to pain isn't that right Megan?\" He asked \"Son of...look on the back of his shoulder.\" She said \"What? Why?\" We all asked \"Move I'll do it then.\" She said Megan pushed me aside and while Terrence was happily getting his fill of her being so close to him and all despite his hands being tied behind his back. She tore off one of the selves on his shirt before getting a good look at the back of his shoulder. \"Chad get out of here.\" She calmly said \"Yeah, beat it brat we have things to do,\" Terrence said \"Why should I go?\" He asked \"Just leave, this is personal, okay? Try to understand.\" She said \"Fine. I need to check on Dj anyway.\" He said before leaving \"So he is a member of the Illuminati just like how you were,\" Rock said Megan looked up at him, \"You what that means right? More of them will come, a hell of a lot more all because you didn't listen to Me!\" She yelled getting off Terrence while he laughed \"I don't understand if you were in the Illuminati doesn't that mean you took part in killing others,\" I said \"I was in charge of keeping their torch victims alive and helping their injured, I'm not exactly proud of keeping a shit show going but they were the most dangerous and I knew I was safe as long as hang around them but after a while, they started to use me for 'other means' some of those sickos wanted kids and well they found me suitable to carry.\" She said \"I just wanted use you this bitch over here knows what I'm about and I like her style. Hey, hoe are you sure you're not a member if not I can put in a good word for you all you have to do is let me go.\" He said \"Can I knock him out already? He's really annoying and I'm honestly tired of hearing his voice.\" I said \"Suit yourself bitch but Megan is right more of us is coming especially since I already gave them the coordinates to this hideout and I already told them that you were hiding here some were excited but we've already decided that I get you first.\" He said laughing \"I'd rather die and I don't mind doing so to avoid being yours or anybody else sex slave.\" She said \"Are you sure they're coming or is this some bull shit bluff?\" Rock asked \"They're coming they always do,\" Megan said \"And I don't think this jackass is lying like he doesn't have a reason too not anymore,\" I said \"What time are they coming?\" Rock asked \"Does it look like I can call them for that information boss? My hands are tied.\" Terrence said before hit his right knee with the bat \"Sorry. I just couldn't take his smartass mouth anymore.\" I said \"Nah, you're good but we gotta get everybody ready to move no one is ready to fight off those animals, no offense Megan,\" Rock said \"Oh fuck off Rock but there is a way for them to get ready if...\" She started looking at me, \"I don't know if somebody was to teach and coach them.\" I glanced around for a second before pointing to myself, \"Me? Are you sure about that?\" I questioned \"What? You managed to take out this sack of shit.\" She said \"Fuck You!\" He yelled just as I shattered his right knee \"You sure I'd be good at it? I mean I'm going through something right now and I think it'll keep me from working.\" I said \"You'll be fine just look how you handle yourself when took out Terrence.\" She said \"B-B-Bu...\" I started \"You'll be fine as a teacher besides I believe you can do it.\" She said \"Awwww you two gonna hook up now or what?\" Terrence asked before smiling \"Can I kill him pleeease? Can I?\" I begged \"You can't kill me, members of this safe haven, don't kill.\" He said \"But I'm not an official member am I?\" I asked \"Yes, you are a member so calm down and we need him alive. If he goes around meeting members of the Illuminati they'll think it's odd when they don't see him around the camp.\" Rock said \"So what? You're just gonna let him go?\" Megan asked \"No. Not quite.\" Rock said pulling out an ankle bracelet and putting it on Terrence's leg, \"Yes if you make any sexual contact with anybody it'll shock the shit out of you go too far away from the camp shock and I'll be tracking you so Erica over here can beat the fuck out of you and lastly try to take it off well...I might as chop off your leg to stop the pain. I'm gonna move your shit to the basement turn it into a prison you'll shit and piss in a bucket and we'll give you three meals a day understand?\" Rock asked \"Fuck off Rock.\" He said before Rock grabbed and lifted him up against the wall \"Don't take my kindness for weakness you son of a bitch, I could easily break everything you are,\" Rock said before dropping him on the floor and walking towards the door, \"Keep an eye on him I gotta explain everything to everyone.\" He said \"Wait. I'll do it it'll make the transition from this fucker to me a little easier for them.\" I said \"So you'll teach them?\" Megan asked \"Under one condition. You act as my therapist and anyone else who needs it.\" I said \"But why?\" She asked \"Because I could used somebody to talk too that's all and like I said if you wanted to hear my story make time for it so...do we have a deal?\" I asked \"Yeah, we do.\" She said \"Sooo...are you gonna hook up now ?\" Terrence asked before I knocked him on conscious[Chapter 7] After throwing Terrence in a makeshift prison and telling everybody that the rest of class is canceled, everybody continued with the rest of their day. Chad and Dj decided to go hunting Rock went to oversee the camp and Megan went to visit her patients while I went outside with a bag full of gear. I trained with every weapon I could get my hands on even after nightfall lighting a small fire I was practicing with a knife and punching and kicking the air until I clasped. My muscles ached as I stared at the fire it was then I realized I didn't bring food with me. \"You forgot to eat again did you?\" Maria asked \"Yeah yeah yeah. So what it's not like you can come and feed me something to eat like how you used to.\" I said trying to get up but sliding back down leaning against a tree, \"I can't move my muscles feel so tight.\" I said \"Well, at least you have more time to talk to me,\" Maria said \"Hey, are you okay? You've been out here for a while.\" Megan said \"This bitch,\" Maria said rolling her eyes \"I kind of overdid it and now I can hardly move, had to loosen up and remember some of my training now I gotta think of a way to start my class and since I can't really move right now I have plenty of time. And well I didn't exactly bring food did you so happened to get some?\" I asked \"You're lucky I brought sandwiches and drinks.\" She said holding a ham and cheese sandwich \"Yes! But ummm my arms ache to the point were if I was to lift them well they're numb. So can you...\" I started \"Open up.\" Megan interrupted breaking off the sandwich feeding me piece by piece \"Thank you,\" I said eating the last of the sandwich \"It's nothing now drink some water.\" She said while giving me some, \"Did you even stretch before doing all of this?\" She asked putting the top on the bottle \"Ummmmm maybe?\" I said \"You got stretch before do all this physical stuff.\" She said pulling my right arm towards messaging the stiffness away, \"You might as well talk to me it seems like you're gonna be here for a while.\" She said \"What do you want to know?\" I asked \"Don't tell her anything that bitch doesn't need to know anything,\" Maria said \"You keep bring up your wife why is that?\" She asked moving over to my left arm while gripping the air with my right shaking out my arm to get the blood flowing through \"I still see and hear her sometimes especially when I'm alone. I know that it's not good for me at all but it not like I can control it, as a matter of fact, she's beside you pissed off that I said something about her.\" I said \"It'll pass, right? Now that you're not alone and around others.\" She asked moving to my left leg while I shook out my left arm \"I don't know honestly but with you around it's kind of hard since well, you remind me of her so that's why I was protective of you cause sometimes when I look at you she's there instead,\" I said \"You do realize I am my own person right? And that you can't project feelings from her onto me because you'll never see me for me understand?\" She asked moving over to my right leg \"See I knew you'd be good at this, you're better than my hallucinations,\" I said \"Hey, I take offense to that!\" Maria shouted \"She's pissed but she's not real and yet I feel like...I don't know. As of late, it's been hard to feel basic emotions anymore.\" I said \"You'll get over this numbness after all you got over it physically,\" She said hitting my leg and getting up, \"Well you coming?\" She asked I got up and shook out my legs bouncing around for a second before looking at her, \"Yeah, thanks.\" I said grabbing everything into my bag and throwing it over my shoulder before catching up \"Now we have to work on your morning routine, cause that shit is disturbing as fuck.\" She said \"You're gonna monitor my sleep pattern now?\" I said \"Well duh. It's the only way for me to make sure that I see any differences in your sleep patterns and this is perfect you're tired and drained I doubt you'll do much tonight but keep in mind you have a roommate now so be considerate of what the hell your doing in that room with me, okay?\" She asked \"I got it,\" I said We went inside and of course, after staying up for a few minutes longer I slowly dozed off. I tossed and turned while in my dreams I was still running getting trapped in a maze of guilt lies and deceit, I was screaming in my own nightmares sitting in the middle of the maze as Maria canoodling me in my confused and lost state. I didn't wake up screaming like normal but I was more exhausted than ever feeling weak and drained I barely wanted to get up as I slowly sat up stretching my arms. \"How did I do last night?\" I asked looking at Megan \"You didn't move much but you were crying all night, like really hard. What happens in your dreams?\" She asked \"No time to go into detail. I gotta class to teach.\" I said getting out of bed and putting on my clothes \"Did you eat? Did you stretch? Did you bath from almost sleeping in the woods last night?\" She asked \"I ummm...\" I started \"Take care of yourself before looking after others, you can start by taking a bath, you stank.\" She said throwing a towel at my face \"Thanks,\" I said heading towards the door I stayed close to the door for a second to hear her still writing in her notebook, it was comforting knowing how serious she was taking our agreement instead of blowing it off. On my way to the bathroom, people noticed me and was giving me an unnatural stare as they whispered under their breath as I walked by. It wasn't until I got into the shower a small group of women came in talking among themselves about me and what happened with Terrence. \"Do you think she actually killed him?\" \"Like where the hell did she even come from?\" \"We had a good thing going with Terrence before she showed up.\" \"But at what cost that guy was a creep.\" \"So? He never hurt anyone right?\" \"Those after class lessons were not really reviewing courses from earlier or at least that's what I heard.\" \"I hear he was just using his position to get sex out of it didn't matter who.\" \"I don't fucking care who this new chick is if she can kick ass like that on the regular with no problems than she's cool in my book.\" \"Well let's hope she's not a fucking joke.\" \"Yeah, we should get out of here. Let's go girls.\" After they left I sat in the shower a little while longer to take everything they said under consideration after thinking it over I came up with a new way to approach my situation after drying off changing my clothes and grabbing a quick bite it was time for my first class. Rock decided to set up the new classroom above the basement making it no longer a mandatory class but still highly recommending it a lot of people showed up as I made my way to the front of the class. Looking over the sea of lost and confused faces I was glad to see Megan Chad and Dj all there with Rock hidden in the back of the class. \"Before I show anybody anything my name is Erica for those who don't know, and yes I have taken over the class from Terrence,\" I said as the crowd murmured nonsense \"REALLY THIS BITCH IS TAKING OVER!\" One person shouted \"WE'RE FUCKED NOW!\" Another yelled \"WHERE'S TERRENCE!? ROOOCK!\" Somebody else yelled \"SHUT THE FUCK UP!\" I yelled over the chaos, \"If you doubt what I can do for you then leave but just know this if you knew anything you wouldn't need me. I'm not forcing you guys to do anything I basically begged Rock not to make this a mandatory class against his wishes because I wanted to see who'd actually give me a chance before judging me so leave. Those sick twisted people are waiting for you serial rapist like Terrence are right outside that door. And if it wasn't for me you all would have just let him roll over you. Here's my first exercise, everybody, just close your eyes, trust me on this.\" I said while everybody closed their eyes,\" Okay, how many of you were harassed by Terrence in anyway shape or form raise your hand and after a five-count open your eyes.\" I said When the class opened their eyes more the 95% still had their hands up even I had my hand up. They looked around and finally saw there were no boundaries for his victims, men women younger than him older than him it didn't matter as long as he got off they were all targets in his eyes it's just sad that it took me to open their eyes to that fact. We repeated this process for a while and more than have the class fell for his, 'after class' bull shit he ended up forcing them into sex, of course, most were in denial but after seeing they weren't alone they opened up about it. I sat down on the table and looked over the class \"I won't do anything to hurt anyone here. I believe that a teacher should be professional at all times and I shouldn't betray your trust as not only students but as people. I have nothing to gain by lying or taking advantage of you all, I lost so much during the purge and now I can start over but like I said if you want to leave the door is open, it's always open. Any questions about me?\" I asked \"You said you lost your wife because you weren't strong enough to protect her yesterday, care to explain what happened there or what?\" Somebody asked \"I was somewhat of a bodyguard before the purge my job was to protect a congressman during the purge, right at the peak of chaos I get a video camera showing me that she was kidnapped and held hostage in some warehouse. I left my post, of course, to go search for her I ended up falling for a trap I fought for as long as I could I made it only to find out they moved her at the last second. I lost my job tired and barely hanging on to life, I went home to find her body hung up from our bedpost with the words \"In purge with trust\" written on the walls in her blood with a video camera set up recording everything they did to her before she died even the moment she did die. I was fighting the last thug before they snapped her neck if I was a little stronger a little faster I could've made it in time just a few seconds.\" I said clenching my fist to try and stop the trembling before slamming it on the table, \"I'm sorry but I have to live with that every single day of my life and all I can do is live with this guilt and pain and dread and my will to keep moving forward because I don't know. I'd like to think that's what she'd want that for me even though I know that it might not be true. Any more questions because if I want to gain your trust and understanding you have to understand me and why I take this very seriously and guys like Terrence are the reason you were at risk. He made you easy targets I'm going to change that but I can't do anything unless I'm given a chance.\" I said We spent the entire day talking and building trust between myself and the students setting boundaries and trying to see what kind of crowd I have to work with and of course everybody was already in their own click. I found the trigger-happy nutcases the easiest to find as soon as they just laid their guns on the table I couldn't help but shake my head. The quiet more reserved people were in their own space either wearing headphones or doodling on a notebook or thinking about any and everything else. The crafters and gossip people were together no surprise there as I continued to look around and answer more questions. After a while, we all developed a common ground and understanding of each other a little better. \"So, I'll answer one more question after that the class is over unless you want to keep talking. Tomorrow we'll do something completely different I promise you that.\" I said \"Soooo if you were married to a woman, wouldn't that make like a lesbian?\" A random girl asked \"What?\" I asked \"What my slow friend is trying to ask is...Are you a lesbian?\" One person corrected I muttered under my breath already annoyed with the question, \"My sexuality has nothing to do with my job nor my training, but no, I'm not a lesbian. I am a bi-sexual but I know the meaning of the words, no, consent, not interested and normally I don't even make the first move when meeting someone so if you have any problems with that...door is always and I mean ALWAYS open until then that's my class for today hopefully I'll see everybody back here tomorrow.\" I said Everybody slowly left first little by little some hesitated to leave before walking off while one or two stayed back along with Rock and Megan to talk with me a little while longer asking me if Terrence was really gone and if they could honestly trust me or what I do. I talked them into coming back tomorrow and to see what I'm capable of to let my actions speak louder than my words ever could. I asked for their trust today to earn it the remaining week and prove to everybody that I'm worth believing in but deep down I was just trying to prove if I could believe in myself. \"Sooo not bad for your first day,\" Rock said \"Yeah, is this how you normally operate or what?\" Megan asked \"Only when I'm level-headed and I hear rumors going around about me. Rocky boy, how come you don't have a job placement set up?\" I asked \"I shouldn't have to force people to do a job they probably aren't even good at.\" He stated \"But it'll take some of the pressure off the ones who do know what they're doing. Everybody should know how to hunt or find water or gather resources it shouldn't just fall on one group of people.\" I said \"So you're saying I should send other to fend for themselves without a clue on what they're doing?\" He asked \"Everybody has their strengths and weaknesses I'm just saying they should know at least basic survival tactics. Oh, and another thing everybody has their own inner circle if you want this to work those clicks and groups have to disband. \" I said \"That makes sense,\" Megan said thinking about it \"What the hell does that mean?\" He asked \"Haven't you noticed the same people always walking or talking among themselves? They form these small groups and excluded themselves away from everybody else it's like segregation.\" She answered \"Bingo! So glad I'm not the only one who sees that now.\" I said \"So what are you gonna do about it, Teach?\" He asked \"I can come up with a few team-building exercises but for now you gotta try and get them out their comfort zones and out those groups,\" I said \"I'll see what I can do about the groups but, whatever, the hell this idea you got better work.\" He said before leaving \"Well, I told you so,\" Megan said \"Told me what?\" I asked \"That you'd make a good teacher.\" She replied \"I just did the introduction and have us communicate some ground rules that's all. They haven't learned anything useful yet.\" I said \"Yeah, they did. They learned about you and who you are and where'd you come from.\" She replied \"I guess it's a good start,\" I said rubbing the back of my neck \"It's a great start now about your sleeping patterns.\" She started \"Oh wow, look at the time!\" I said trying to make my escape \"Relax. I've been doing research and what I found with your condition is interesting.\" She said looking over her notes \"And that is?\" I asked[Chapter 8] I won't lie the first few nights sleeping in the same room with her was slight to behold. I really didn't know what to think after that first night but since she said thank you for not saying anything I thought it was safe to keep it from Rock and monitor her on my own. When I saw her and Chad together in the cafeteria she looked completely normal like last night never happened or all the blood she lost from this morning. I spent a while asking myself was this something she controlled was it such a routine for her that she could easily hide it from others. It was terrifying waking up to her endless heart-aching scream only to see her wearing a smile laughing and joking a second later after watching her for a moment or two I went to go check on a few patients. Everything was calm and collected at first, checking in everybody seem okay for once and just as I thought I could relax two people was carried in both crying and in a panic, one was missing his arm. I had to work fast trying to get the patient to calm down before they fell unconscious and using someone's belt as a tourniquet before they lost more blood. I managed to catch them before they had the chance to bleed out and patch up their wounds before moving over to the next guy who was tricky to deal with but after popping his arm back into place and warping it up he talked about what happened. \"Those sick fucks were like animals.\" He said rubbing his head pushing his hair back \"Start from the beginning, what happened?\" I asked \"We were in town all four of us just for some supplies we were running low on food and medical materials so we went out, of course, the town was a shit hole there were fires everywhere broken down buildings housing junkies and drunks almost every car went came across was flipped over and stripped of everything useful almost every store looked was empty but we didn't give up. Eventually, we found a mall and some of the stores were still stocked so of course, we went in just like Terrence taught us.\" He said \"Loud as hell, hands on weapons, shutting the door behind you once you're inside?\" I asked \"Yeah, and I think that's what put the final nail in the coffin. They came out of nowhere like they were waiting on us, pulling us away from each other only to pull us apart. I managed to pull out my knife and fight a few off me, Joey in there had a bat and I don ' t know what the others had if they even have anything with them. There was so much blood their screaming and I could hear their bones breaking and...and...and...\" He started \"Hey hey hey. Look at me it's okay none of this is your fault okay?\" I asked grabbing his hand After in and exhaling a breath of air he focused on me lightly shaking his head, \"I guess but I should've known it was a trap, it was so obvious and we just went for it the only reason we got out was that those sickos would rather play with dead things than alive ones. After they killed two of our guys we crawled out of an exit. I tried putting pressure on Joey's wound after I found a working car one of those twisted basterds' had and I came straight here. I just can't believe those guys died in vain we didn't even bring anything back with us.\" He sadly said \"That's not true. You guys are back and that's more than enough, thank you for taking a risk in just going out there.\" I said \"Terrence's classes are going to get us killed, somebody has to do something about that guy.\" He said \"Get some rest. I'll come to check on you after a while if you need anything and I mean anything at all just ring this bell and somebody will help you as soon as they can.\" I said leaving the bell on his bed and leaving Terrence the fucking joke of the year I swear some shady shit was happening with asshole I never trusted him and I had my reasons sadly enough I wasn't the only who thought so I was just the only one who was willing to admit it. He's a pervert who has no shame in rubbing his balls against anyone his demonstrations seem more like inside molestation God only knows what he's forcing people to do after class. The thought makes me sick to my stomach I feel like I'm gonna break at any moment if he touches me one more time. Once I got in the class I was already pissed off so when Erica spotted me out in the crowd she could tell something was off with me. \"Who cares about me? I asked you a question first.\" She was determined to get some sort of response from me so I told her what I had to deal with. She looked concerned and slightly worried about me as she paused for a second looking for the words to stay before asking about Terrence just as he showed up. We sat beside each other and while I was talking and joking with Chad she was staring at Terrence writing all his flaws down on paper underlining every little detail that was clearly pissing her off almost breaking her pen in two. She started biting the top of her pen when he started calling for volunteers than he got to me, of course, I said no I honestly wanted to say fuck off but I had to keep calm especially if she's just gonna do nothing like everybody else. After a little taunting, I caved in coming down in front of the class he did what he normally did and that is whatever he wanted. I looked around and noticed her cold blank expressionless stare and knew she wasn't gonna do anything so I pushed him off me and stormed off. She followed me I didn't even realize it the way she stared at me that genuine look of concern it was like she was looking at someone else her hands trembled a little like she desperately wanted to grab mine but she kept it by her side pitching her shirt instead she asked me what happened. After explaining she smiled and convinced me to come back to the class with her. \"Showtime\" That's the way she described it and the way she moved so quick and precise it was amazing the way she dodged his blows it was like she was dancing almost toying with him before tripping him off his feet and holding a knife to his neck. I don't think any of us noticed that she sliced open his wrist until she asked me to help toucher him and that's when Rock showed up. After knocking out Terrence and talking Chad into carrying him to Rock's office I managed to pull her aside and talk to her for a moment. She seemed confused for a moment like she felt like she did something wrong but the answer she gave me seemed reasonable so I let it go. She seemed ready to talk to Rock until I showed up she made an empty statement I think it was supposed to be a joke but she didn't expect an actual honest answer. While we were talking about our next move Terrence woke up and out of nowhere Erica acted more irrational begging like a child to beat and even kill Terrence. But then he started talking and after finding out that he was an active member of the Illuminati things changed. Erica stared him down almost like she wanted him to lie after a while she glanced at me to assure that he was being honest before redirection her attention back on him. After that, I made the proposal that she teaches his class she was against the idea but after we made a deal she took her new role seriously. After our meeting, she stopped by the classroom after we locked up Terrence in a broom closet she came out with a huge bag and went into the woods. I visited the guys and the other patients after that I went to the room and grabbed that knife she'd hidden after thinking it over for a moment I kept it on me before noticing the camera under her pillow. I signed sadly before hiding the camera once more before leaving the room after that I hung out with Dj and Chad time flew by before I knew it, it was sundown and it was a full moon night. I swung by the cafeteria grabbed a few things and went to go check on her. She was talking to herself again it was odd how comfortable she seemed talking to an entity that wasn't there smiling looking at the air as if someone was smiling and looking back at her. Once I got there the atmosphere changed it felt like I interrupting a date or something but Erica said it was okay despite her staring over my shoulder she eventually explained some of the things that are wrong with her and the way she saw me. I was hurt a little by her confession but that sad pathetic look in her eyes was undeniable she didn't mean to hurt me so I told her that I'd keep track of sleeping patterns stay so I could stay close to her because of now it seems like I'm the only one she'll trust completely but still she's hiding something. I continued monitoring her sleep that night she only turned on her side once or twice suck on her back she cried for hours only crying harder and harder as time passed it was endless and all I could do was watch her. A part of me wanted to do something for her then but I didn't want to compromise my position or make things complicated so I left her alone. I eventually dozed off for maybe an hour or so when I woke up she was still crying but this time it was light almost if someone was comforting her. When she woke up her eyes were bloodshot red and tired looking she must have been exhausted emotionally drained and physically weak quickly and desperately trying to distract herself with work overshadowing her own need to take care of herself until I reminded her. I spent most of the day researching her condition and some of the symptoms that are affecting her to come up with a proper diagnosis and some idea of how to teat it. Later on that day I sat in on her class she debunked rumors and talked to everybody about Terrence she opened up about her past and set up some ground rules for herself. It was the certainty and guidance that everyone needed to give her a chance after that she let everybody go for the day hoping they'll come back tomorrow but the real work was just being when I gave her a diagnosis.[Chapter 9] Next couple of months were a blur, I managed to break up the status quo and get everyone involved with each other now the safe heaven feels more like a community. Rock was impressed with everyone talking and coming together, more people saw out Megan asking her for her advice as a counselor, while Chad and Dj help everybody learn the basics they need to survive. My classes heavily weighted on them working together and playing too each other strengthens to hide their weaknesses. Eventually, I break them down into groups at least one of each formally mention groups came together and I gave them a challenge, create a trap or a defense mechanism for the base as their final project. While my teaching skills were striving personally I was facing a completely different monster entirely. PTSD, anxiety disorder, night terrors, alongside my auditory and visual hallucinations that still somewhat effects me in and outside my sleep. Megan believes this is all do that camera that I attached myself too, almost like that was a weight that's drowning me, but I can't let go of it and I refuse to let her watch any more of it. One day I left it alone in the room and she almost broke it so against her wishes I started carrying it with me everywhere. I don't see Maria as much anymore but I can still hear her from time to time telling me that I 'forgot' the reason I stayed alive that I 'forgot' about her. Nevertheless, I continued training my students after a while more people showed up joining our community but still that couldn't even change the fact that one day Terrence's words will become reality. \"Hey did you guys find anything?\" I asked \"Nope! Who's idea was this anyway for us to scavenge at this busted up ass mall?\" Chad asked \"Well I'm sorry but last time I checked Dj can't live off pain meds and water. He did well for his first time out without you still he hit his head pretty hard.\" Megan said \"Yeah, I know I'm just glad he woke up like what the hell was he thinking bomb rushing in like that.\" He said \"He was thinking about the others. Not many people would've had the balls to go back for somebody else especially when they were being attacked by hunters no less.\" I said collecting a few cans \"At least nobody died this time the worst injury was the hit on the head with DJ till than everybody was okay thanks to somebody's training.\" She said \"Hey this is interesting, \" I said holding up a box, \"Yo Megs ever used hair dye before?\" I asked \"Yeah but I don't why that's important now we need food and more weapons.\" She said \"Well lucky for us there was a hunter's shop here that I happily raided. A lot of blades and arrows but nothing good enough for an all-out attack especially since the blades isn't made for throwing so long distance combat doesn't come to mind with these type of weapons.\" I said \"Hey! We should get moving there's nothing here.\" Chad said \"What about that store pass the rubble on the second floor?\" Megan pointed out \"I got it hopefully it has more food,\" I said running towards the edge of a leaning floor climbing my way up to the second floor The dim lighting in the room barely allowed me to see the items around me. A couple of broken down selves some empty shells old dried blood on the floors it was nothing new to me during our scavenges, but what was new was the Illuminati symbol eerily drawn on the walls in blood it was a pyramid with spider perfectly symmetrically aligned and center within the pyramid. I walked over staring at the symbol before placing my hand over the spider. \"You know it's gonna happen sooner or later right?\" Maria whispered \"As long as it's not today. Can you answer something for me?\" I asked \"Shoot.\" She said \"If I hadn't taken the deal would somebody else have?\" I asked \"Sadly enough I can't answer that.\" She said \"Of course you can't but I'm moving past this one day at a time,\" I said wiping the spider off the wall before looking around once more I grabbed a couple of cans and found a few jugs of half-opened water before noticing something odd. I crawled up to the third floor more blood covered the floor even leaked from up above dripping into a small pool under the cracked surface. At this point, it was clear to see that this blood was coming from a fresh victim or victims. Normally I'd ignore it but my curiosity had gotten the better of me as I climbed up to the third floor, the bodies smelled rotten slowly decaying under the rubble but the wounds were from something or someone else. I'm not proud of it but I grabbed the bags of supplies off the bodies along with their weapons before heading back down. \"Did you find anything?\" Megan asked \"Ummmm yeah, I found a mess. We should get out of here where's Chad?\" I asked \"Hotwiring a car,\" Megan said, \"Now about that hair dye you came across earlier need help putting it in or no?\" She asked \"Well duh, I wouldn't have asked if I knew how to put it in and there's another thing I need to do and I need your help with it,\" I said \"What is it, Erica?\" She asked as I held out the camera \"Help me bury my grief help me let go of my past,\" I said \"This is a really big step, Erica. Are you sure you're ready to do this? Are you sure you're ready to give it up?\" She asked \"For me to truly move on there are some things I must confess to and you're the only one I trust so...help me out with this one?\" I asked \"Of course.\" She replied \"Goddamn Bring Your Asses The Engine Won't Run Forever!\" Chad yelled When we got back to the camp we had an idea to build walls around us to set up some kind of perimeter around the warehouse. Some of the groups used my old traps as safety measures some actually found some tennis machines and repurposed it to shoot off BBs' and beanbags. They set up some great defenses for the base it made me proud as a teacher to see them grow and evolve into a community but as a person hiding who I really am, I felt ashamed. I went around the warehouse waving and smiling at everyone dropping off the items we had found as normal before going to my room sitting down the camera in front of me before taking a sit myself. \"Are you sure you want to forget?\" She asked \"I'm not forgetting I'm honoring and letting go,\" I said \"Are you going to watch it?\" She asked \"One last time, but for the first time I'm not going to watch it alone,\" I said just as Megan opened the door \"Which one first? Your hair or that annoying camera?\" She asked \"Sit down with me?\" I asked She nodded and grabbed a seat beside me I played one of the early videos on the camera when I was happy when I was in love when I was at peace more often than I have been in the recent years that have past. Maria was often holding the camera putting it on me while I lightly smack it away or cover it up telling her to stop it joking around. When the camera was on me I was often caught on my phone looking away from her and the world she saw at one point she took my phone and ran off with it. I chased her down only for her to throw it into an ocean before turning back to me I looked pissed looking over the railing before looking at her grabbing the camera and turned it off. \"Wow. She just wanted to spend time with you, you do realize that right?\" She asked \"Yeah. I do now umm next video.\" I said grabbing the camera putting the next video on We were on a road trip I was driving still mad about my about phone she turned the camera out the window before I grabbed her attention we had made a deal about me using my phone while we were together. I, of course, accepted the deal and we made up over a few miles of car karaoke and a few puns and cheesy jokes I looked happy she was happy we were happy. \"You guys look cute and happy.\" She said \"Yeah. She was the only person to have that effect on me especially the car karaoke. Like, do you hear my voice I sound terrible!\" I said \"You sound fine, compare me you sound like an angle.\" She said smiling lightly nudging me \"Alright alright alright thanks still the best is yet to come,\" I said The next few videos were just of Maria and I enjoyed the city enjoying life and being around each other. I was laughing and smiling holding her hand walking on the beach dancing like an idiot to impress her. We did everything together and I couldn't be happier neither could she after a few videos of us being together it was time. I had a beach dinner set up it was sunset and I gave somebody else the camera after eating and talking I proposed and she to my surprise she said yes. The next video was the wedding set on the same beach we got engaged on a few months later an exchange of vows and rings a simple dance feeding each other cake slightly smacking each other in the face with a slice only to laugh it off. \"She was so beautiful that day I didn't deserve it. I still don't she deserved so much than what I gave her. God if I had just one more day to keep her close but I can't. I want to show you the last video tomorrow in the morning when we head out to the waterfall until wanna get started with the dye?\" I asked \"Yeah but why tomorrow?\" She asked in a slightly sadden tone \"Because you've already seen some parts of the video. I know you have it's alright but I don't think you've seen the whole video if you have you wouldn't stand me.\" I said \"I highly doubt that but I'm glad you're getting better and you're taking your treatment seriously still I never thought musical therapy and just talking would work.\" She said \"Yeah, I don't even have anxiety attacks anymore the night terrors decreased I don't suffer from my PTSD anymore,\" I said \"But you still have your auditory and visual hallucinations right?\" She asked \"Yeah, she still whispers in the back of my head but I rarely see her anymore,\" I said standing up looking around for the dye and a towel \"But you still see her you still see her over me sometimes, don't you?\" She asked glancing away \"As I said rarely more and more time I spend with you the more I see you for you so yeah it's getting better,\" I said confidently trying to mask my lie, \"Now can you help dye my hair and tell me whatever happened between you and Rock?\" I asked wrapping the towel around my shoulders \"Oh God, that's a long story.\" She said \"I got time,\" I said leading the way to the shower \"Okay okay grabbed a sit and untie your hair. Did wash your hair beforehand?\" She asked \"No, we just got here remember?\" I asked taking down my ponytail and untangling my hair \"Oh yeah, I guess I can do it for you now about Rock.\" She started leaning me towards the sink turning on the water, \"When I first met Rock he was obsessed with finding and killing Tarantula. His story isn't complicated after the death of President Roan the ones who advocated for the Purge went on the killing spree like a free for all. He had kids one boy and girl that he obviously loved dearly he told me that a couple of people ransack his house made his kids watch as they torment him that's why he has those scars. Anyway, they tried to get him to kill his own kids but he wouldn't do it so they forced him to watch as they killed them. He had a tuff time getting over it to the point where he thought controlling everything around him would make things better than he didn't have to lose anybody else.\" She said rubbing her fingers through my hair \"What does that have to do with you?\" I asked \"Like I said he thought controlling everything was a way to keep everything but once he started controlling people. He became blind to the fact that well no one was happy this camp felt more like a dictatorship a prison even. I knew I had to do something so I got close to him and created a bond but I also found out that he had a shrine dedicated to finding Tarantula blaming them for what happened to his family. Eventually, I got him to take it down and he started to relax more allowing people in and out of camp he was becoming the leader you see now. At one point I really did love Rock but after a while, I couldn't put up with his controlling behavior after finding out the truth and helping him, he realized that we shouldn't be together so we broke up. I understood it was a mutual break up after a few days we got better after a few weeks we became friends but than Terrence showed up and I fucking hated his decision-making skills ever since.\" She said \"That makes sense. So you don't hate him you just hate some of the choices he makes?\" I asked \"Hate the sin love the sinner. He tries his hardest to look out for everyone and sure his made some mistakes but he's human. Not to sound biased but he gave me a second chance it's only fair that I look out for him.\" She said raising out my hair \"What was it like living with the monsters of the Purge?\" I asked \"It was like walking on consist eggshells they allowed me in certain rooms with barely living victims inside. Blood was everywhere screaming would echo down every hall those monsters strive on madness mayhem and chaos. I wouldn't want that suffering on even my worst enemy people are toys to them some even consider people a food source. No one is sane and those that are sane chose to live in madness until it consumes them.\" She said \"Why did you leave?\" I asked \"That's another story for later and you're done.\" She replied drying off my hair I sat up warping the towel around my head, \"Sorry if I asked way too many questions but there's one more thing I need to know.\" I said \"What is it, Erica?\" She asked \"What if hypnotically you met Tarantula, what would you do?\" I asked \"I'd asked why? What was going on in their head? Do they regret it?\" She asked \"You'd give them a chance? You wouldn't be mad or hateful?\" I asked \"Of course I'd be mad but I'd give a chance to speak their peace because I feel like this is something they didn't see coming. That they're suffering from this just as much as anybody else and I'd be no better than those monsters if I didn't.\" She said \"I should get going you know I got a class to teach,\" I said leaving She knew she probably always known but I was so careful about keeping my secret keeping my identity hidden that I basically made it obvious to her that I at least know something about Tarantula. I couldn't fully focus on my class blanking in and out of my own idea process her words echoed in my head 'speak their peace' speak my peace. I stayed up later than normal just walking around camp asking myself if I'm really ready to go through with this. I sat down under a familiar tree staring at the sky pulling the camera out my jacket pocket. \"I honestly wish it was me over you, but they clearly wanted me to die. This idea of revenge isn't you, it's my excuse to keep living but it's not working anymore. Nothing ever worked and all of this is my fault cause I wanted better for you for us for a life that I never thought I would have only to realize it's a life I'll never get. I just want a reason to stay here but I've had enough after tomorrow you'll get your wish. You hear me?\" I asked \"Just a little while longer,\" Maria replied, \"Stay alive a little while longer.\" \"Give me a reason just one cause everything I do cause tragedy I'm not dumb they know I'm alive and they're coming for me and...I just want to die so no one else has to go through this.\" I said \"You love her, don't you? Killing yourself isn't going to protect her it's only going to hurt her even more. She knows your secret stop running because at this point she's just waiting for you to tell her.\" She said \"Why? She should hate me and let's be honest what if I'm just some experiment to her?\" I asked \"Heh, you are so stupid, think about the way she looks at you and how she reactions when you bring up your visual hallucinations. She cares about you deeply just like how I once did just tell her and maybe I'll just leave you alone.\" She said \"What!?\" I said looking to see nothing there I tried to talk to her one more time but she wasn't coming back no matter how hard I tried calling out for her. I walked back to the warehouse and into my room noticing Megan sitting up against the wall I smiled knowing she tried waiting for me before dozing off. I covered her up with a blanket and laid her down gentle brushing her hair out her face before going to my mat until I felt a light grip on the sleeve of my shirt. I turned around to see her pulling my arm towards her chest carefully holding onto it like it was a stuffed animal. I laid down on the floor with my arm in her grip I couldn't really get it back laying my head on her mat pulling the cover on my bed with my feet I eventually nodded off.[Chapter 10] The next day was an early morning Megan woke up earlier than me finally letting go of my arm and slightly waking me up trying to be careful with her movements. I woke up stretching out my arms feeling different I looked at my arm remembering how soft her skin was against mine the small amount of warmth that lingered off her body the way her light breathing made the hairs on my arm stand up. The idea of my actually crawling under the same covers as her, filled my head just the thought of having her in my embrace made my heart race but I shook it off thinking I'd be rushing it. It's to soon to even think like that let alone, feel this way about someone. I packed up the camera and a couple of other things before heading out of the room. The idea was somewhat of a class trip since hardly anyone ever felt safe leaving the warehouse they stayed inside only going out when it was absolutely necessary and even then they didn't go far. So after everybody completed their training me Rock Megan Dj and Chad planned a camping trip near a waterfall for everybody just so the could relax for once and have some form of fun. Me Rock and Megan stole at least six cars and four trucks hoping that was enough to fit everybody. It was a tight squeeze but everybody managed to cram inside after a two-hour drive and a forty-five-minute hike up to the mountain top we finally made it to the waterfall. Everybody broke off into the teams setting up camp hunting food or laying out stretching from the hike after twenty minutes or so everybody was enjoying themselves swimming cooking laughing playing joking somebody found a battery-powered radio and a few CDs so everybody could listen and dance to what little songs they had. I just sat around enjoying the warmth of the sun on my body staring at the clouds but after a while, I knew it was time so I got up and started looking around for Megan. \"Yo Chad have you seen Megs anywhere?\" I asked \"I wish I could use some help setting up some targets for a little competition between the gun heads. Are you to busy to help out?\" He asked \"Yeah but I'll definitely come around if they want some serious competition,\" I said walking off before bumping into DJ \"Hey Teach! Are you going swimming too, I heard the water feels just great,\" He said \"You know you don't have to call me Teach right? It makes me feel old and maybe I gotta take care of something first. Have you seen Megan?\" I asked \"I saw her helping out Rock earlier something about cooking up yesterday's hunt and making a huge feast. As a matter of fact, there they go right there,\" He pointed out Rock isn't close to becoming Gorden Ramsey so when I saw him trying and I mean Trying to light the fire all I could honestly think about was the last time he cooked and served burnt meat. It was so burnt that it looked like a stone you'd find near a volcano and what wasn't burnt was way undercooked so it was a sigh of relief when I gave the job to somebody else and Megan taught him how to properly cook food still it's a process he's still learning now. \"I pray to God she'll be the one cooking,\" DJ said \"We all are. Anyway, you should still take it easy just because your concussion was mild that doesn't mean the effects isn't there.\" I said \"Yeah I know I know but at least I managed to do something right for a change and between you and me it's a great opening line for meeting some of the ladies.\" He said \"Okay playboy. I'll catch up with you later.\" I said before heading over to Rock and Megan \"So, what should I cook up first?\" Rock asked \"Nothing. You can wrap up the potatoes though,\" Megan said \"Come on, I can't improve with cooking unless I actually cook something.\" He said \"And have everybody here get food poisioning...no thanks we chose life,\" She replied, \"Maybe next time when the group is smaller than I'll consider it but not this time okay?\" She asked \"Fine. I'll grab some more food than,\" He said \"Hey Megs you busy cause I really need to talk to you,\" I said \"About what I'm all ears.\" She said lighting the fire \"Not here it has something to do with last night remember?\" I asked \"You sure that now is a good time for that I mean everybody is having fun and relaxing maybe we should handle this tomorrow.\" She said \"No, it has to be today it doesn't have to be now but it has to be before midnight,\" I said \"Why before midnight? What's so imported about today anyway?\" She asked \"It's her birthday,\" I said before walking to the lake I spent the rest the day wearing my mask of fake smiles and half-hearted laughter it was just different compared to how I used to do it. The cracks of how I truly felt would somehow come through when I went swimming with DJ I saw something at the bottom of the lake calling to me. I swam deeper and deeper under the water only to lose track of where I was before getting pulled back by DJ. After a while, I just laid on the grass watching everything go by. \"So what did you see under the water?\" Megan asked laying beside me \"DJ you rat,\" I muttered under my breath \"Tell me. It's not like you've been acting normal today anyway some people are worried about you, I'm worried about you. Despite today being her birthday you're taking this calmly, a little too calmly like before the storm clam. Have you seen her or heard from her?\" She asked \"No, not today which is actually liberating I just don't know how to feel about it since I saw her yesterday,\" I said \"What?\" Megan asked sitting up staring at me I didn't even have to look at her to know she was disappointed in me it was some time after I started teaching I stopped seeing and hearing Maria I was improving health wise to the point where I saw Megan as herself still I was sure how I honestly felt about her even though I trusted her more than anyone. By not telling her that I saw Maria again it was a step back at least that's how she saw it so her reaction really didn't surprise me. \"Nothing triggered it. I didn't lose control and I barely respond still I'd kill for a chance to actually say goodbye and I think today would be perfect for it,\" I said getting up \"Okay, let's say goodbye,\" Megan said \"Excuse me? What do you mean by that?\" I asked \"Well, you've told me all that you could about your wife and your past life I think I know her just as well as you do so...I have the right to say goodbye as well.\" She said \"I guess I just need to grab a few things then we can go,\" I said going back to the tents When I came out the tent Rock and Megan was talking about something that made Megan clearly uncomfortable as Rock reached out toward her she'd refused, crossing her arms taking a step back but he kept pressing forward grabbing her arm and forcing his hand into hers. She took her arm back while it looked like he was getting more and more mad about something but it was when he pointed at the tents in his ramblings that made her slap him and walk away that made me realized that he was talking about me. I quickly went back inside only to act like I was just coming out without a clue of what just happened and there was pretending nothing ever happened with a smile on her face holding up two canteens filled to the brim with water. We walked for a while away from camp far enough so no one else would hear us but close enough to find our way back without any trouble while Megan sat down to enjoy the breeze I was digging a hole after that I gently placed the camera on the ground as long side the dull dirty old knife that I'd use as an alarm to wake me from the terrors that haunt me and a necklace that I didn't even tell Megan about so it wasn't shocking when she started asking me about it. \"Details about this,\" She said holding it up \"It's something I should have been got rid over,\" I said \"Where is it from?\" She asked \"Promise me you won't get angry with me,\" I said \"Why would I get mad at you?\" She asked \"Just Promise Me!\" I yelled \"Okay okay, I promise I won't get angry alright?\" She asked \"I always knew my full name, Erica Tobias Weston. I never gave you guys the full story about me and I'm sorry for that I just didn't know how you guy would react to having me around there's only enough battery life for one more video and I want you to see it,\" I said \"Why me?\" She asked \"Because I trust you with knowing who I used to be,\" I said giving her the camera She looked concerned for a moment at me before slowly opening up the camera. I sat down a few steps away from her as the video started there were pauses the occasional look from the camera to me as each revelation became more and more apparent. I kept my head down staring at the hole I had dug as I listened to it in silence. After a while, Megan slowly sat down by my side in disbelief hesitated to ask the question on her mind as she wiped her eyes looking and thinking for the right words to say. \"I did it for her you know? All of it because after that I would've stopped, I was planning on running away with her. Travel the world watch her live her dreams as a dancer I never opened up to you about how I used to live my \"life\" before I met Maria you know that I was, in other words, taking in by some people, not the \"family\" I thought I'd be apart of but they housed me clothed feed and forced training on me. I didn't want to be a part of that organization but like I said day after day of getting my ass beat like a damaged dog I had no choice but to conform to what they wanted me to be to survive. And what they wanted and got was a mindless emotionless systematic demonic sadist masochist murder. I never wanted anyone to see the worse of me and parts of myself that I hate more than anything I have ever hated before, I get if you want to leave just go back to camp but I gotta take the camera from you,\" I said still looking away \"I'm not leaving and I'm not mad I...I feel sorry for you just answer these questions I have. Did you know this would be the outcome?\" She asked \"No, if I knew about this outcome I would've thought about it more the money is worthless now and if it did still have its value it wouldn't have meaning because she's gone. The reason for me even considering the job was to support her and our life together,\" I answered \"Do you regret it?\" She asked \"Like I said my reason for all of this was for her, I didn't care about the world around me to think about the consequences of my actions most times when I dealt with politicians everybody would be so quick to move on Roan was the first person anyone has ever given a fuck about! I regret it but only because Maria got hurt if she was still alive then I don't know what we would've done,\" I said \"During the aftermath when you watched the video first the first time how did you...\" She started \"I didn't. Trust me I tried to die through various different means but I'd see her and somehow I conceived myself that she'd want me to find the person who did it and take revenge but I know that's not her it was my selfish reason to keep living and my selfish reason to keep moving but now I can let that go.\" I said putting the camera in the hole \"What about the knife?\" She asked I looked at the old rusty blade with a slight grin, \"This was the first knife I got from the man who abused me through all manners and means the night before I had to kill him. He destroyed my idea of humanity in its entirety all the way down to the basic way humans interact or think for that matter. My home life wasn't exactly for the faint of heart it was a tier system divided up into four classes; the heads of the household whose words were law within those walls and since they were never good people the 'laws' they made reflected that, next up were the parental figurers, teachers, masters, creators whatever term you can use to describe a higher authority his name was Jacob Jehovah the ironic name I know especially since the family never believe in God. Most the family found refuge in saintism but majority of them were atheist.\" I explained \"What about you?\" She asked \"I didn't believe any either one. I believed in purgatory forever wondering in darkness to evil for heaven to submissive for hell I'd have no choice but face all my demons so I didn't bother to think of a life outside that one. The next one is where I fit in the children, students, helpers, the created when they found me I cut one of the 'parents' trying to steal food after trying to run off they found drugged and kidnapped me. They said I was to ruthless to be the last tier so they took me in as part of the family broke me down built me up got rid of everything that made me normal and turned me into a heartless assassin but I'd rather be that than the last and final tier.\" I said \"What's the last tier?\" She asked I couldn't speak it was the worst thing I had ever taken part of. I was completely shattered and broken at the time to the point where nothing worked anymore. It was something that I blocked out my mind completely someone I destroyed completely. I unknowingly project myself onto this innocent victim only to make them feel the same pain I endured but even worse because their suffering made me feel alive again. \"The help slaves play things and toys for torment. They did everything included loan money well being a loan shark more like it the rates would shoot up immediately after the short time limit passed after a while they wouldn't want money they'd want flesh. I'd rather not talk about the process of how that works at least not now but it was ruthless. I was ruthless. I never really gave her a name after I left I made her property of the house never looking back after that.\" I said staring at the knife before grabbing my hair and cutting off the pony tail before throwing both in the hole \"And the necklace?\" She questioned while I fluffed out my hair \"It belonged to her father a man who traded her away to save his own life. He promised her that he'd come back for her one day turns out the wasn't gonna happened because one of my last jobs in that house was to kill him. I did and threw the memory of him at her feet before burning up the picture of them he kept in his wallet. I'm glad you didn't meet that me, I went by the name Tobias than sharing the same name as my father who actually turned himself in to give me a chance at a better life funny how that worked out.\" I said \"I don't think this is what he had in mind for you Erica,\" She said \"Don't You Think I Realized That And Yet...and yet I can't let it go but now I feel like for once I can finally put it to rest thanks to you.\" I said tossing the necklace in the hole \"So is this really the final goodbye?\" She asked I grabbed the shovel and started covering the hole after that I kneeled down doing the one thing I never did before looking at Megan for help and a little guidance I prayed to some sort of God asking for forgiveness begging really for strengthen to keep moving on for all my mistakes to be cast away for those I have killed to rest in peace and for those who live with me to be happy and protected from my crimes I carry with me. I stood up looking at the sunset with actual hope for the future for once I found the place where I belonged. After enjoying the warmth of the rest of the sun me and Megan headed back to camp to our dismay. \"TOBIAS!\" \"Oh my god it's her.\"[Chapter 11] My head rang as I finally woke up alone with a single dimed light flashed gently over me. I notice how my clothes wear replaced with some dusty old tattered rags my shoes were gone and so was everything else I had. I got up and looked around for a door but while I was searching I had the feeling someone or something was watching me. After a while, I sat down and waited for something to happen anything to happen really humming to myself to kill time slightly dancing to the songs that would play in my head. I had little to no track of how much time had passed the silence was starting to take its toll on me. I spent most of my days wondering around that room eventually I started to hear things low quiet whispers driving my paranoia to the point where I was yelling at the walls as if somebody was gonna reply. I yelled until my voice was horse eventually losing it altogether I sat in the corner feeling weaker than ever before trying to process everything I could remember up to this point until an intercom squeaked on with a voice clearing their throat. I found enough strength within myself to stand up in the middle of the room as more light flashed on blinding me before my eyes could adjust to seeing the one-sided mirrors surround my very presence. \"Good evening ladies and gentlemen it's time for pet day! Now we all know the rules so let's being shall we?\" A distorted voice said over the mic \"Wh...\" I started before coughing so hard I clasped spitting out blood before gaining my balance on my feet \"Woah this one is a fighter! Let's put the time on the clock!\" The announcer said A clock appeared in the room with a time set to one minute I tried to speak but end up coughing more and harder spitting up more blood feeling weaker and weaker. \"Choose one!\" The voice yelled \"Choose one? One of what?\" I questioned myself A pile-up of necklaces of different designs shapes and colors wrapped around me in the small room filling up to the point where it seems like I could swim in it. After the last necklace hit the pile the timer started its countdown I scrambled around picking up any and all the necklaces I could get my hands on trying to figure out what they mean. I glanced at the seconds winding down holding a pile of necklaces in my hands just as I was about to chose one my lungs felt dry as I coughed dropping everything as the buzzer went off. I stared at the clock flashing the empty numbers as I felt every ounce of hope I had drained out of me. \"Well, it's up to the highest bidder now! LET THE AUCTION BEGIN!\" The voice yelled \"WAIT?!\" I yelled feeling my throat crack I sat down in the middle of the floor holding my throat sure of the fact that I wouldn't be able to speak again waiting for the outcome to show. Someone in a hazmat suit walked in the room covered from head to toe they didn't speak as they cleaned up all the necklaces around me before dropping a bottle of water and a half-eaten pack of crackers near the door just as they left the room. I quickly crawled to the items without a second thought eating all the crackers before drinking the water crushing the bottle to get every single drop out of it. I was back in the isolation again for what seemed like years but actuality was just a few days. I didn't remember when I fell asleep but I do remember waking up to the banging on the door. I sat up stretching out and rubbing my sore throat as usual before trying to speak as my voice cracked slightly as I exhaled a breath of air a necklaced was slid to me. \"Put it on.\" A feminine voice said I looked at it before rubbing my neck and putting it on and crawling up to my feet only for her to kick me back down. \"No one told you to stand up fasten it tighter until no one is watching you till you throw up and if I gotta help I'm breaking your fucking neck.\" She said I slowly raised up to my knees and started tightening up the necklace while she stared me down that cold heartless lifeless stare scared me still I tried to do as I was told but I wasn't moving fast enough for her liking. She walked up behind me grabbing hold of the necklace struggling me with it as I gasped for air scratching at the necklace to get even the smallest of airflow in my lungs. \"Just make them go away that's all you have to do.\" She whispered in my ear As I struggled to breathe I managed to throw up just as I felt the necklace hooked locked into place. I fell to the ground staring at her walk around me, \"SHE'S MINE GO THE FUCK HOME! Damn leeches and you, you better make my fourteen million dollar investment worth it. I have just a few rules since you're my property now and I own you, it's best if you listen if you're still conscious make a noise if you are by the way.\" She said I groaned trying to crawl up to her just as I was close enough to reach her she stepped on my hand with the heel on her shoe, \"Rule one don't fucking touch me unless I tell you to understand?\" She asked rubbing her shoe into my hand before kneeling down in front of me, \"Well? answer me.\" She said \"Y...yes.\" I hardly answered \"Good. Don't abandon me that's rule two you can't leave my side until I say otherwise. Rule three you're not allowed to be angry at me you're pissed off take out on any other old perverted dusty fucktard around here but not me. I'll make sure you'll know why you shouldn't cross me no matter what I do if it's the last thing I do. You do as I say when I say it as fast as you can as soon as possible and you might survive. No one is gonna fuck with you simply because you're my pet servant and slave do anything to fuck that up then you're free range for the day and they will take full advantage of you. Oh and just so you know I don't find you attractive so be happy that I'm not going to abuse you sexually but I do like other means of abuse. Hey, are you still awake?\" She asked before sighing deeply and pulling my head up by my hair, \"Hehehe funny this one is...so fucking funny. Well let me see how funny you'll be when you're missing part of your ear shall we?\" She said The next few weeks I was spent my days on the floor of her bedroom with a thin sheet as a blanket eating out of the trash so I wouldn't starve forced to keep my mouth shut as I followed her around on all fours. At first, I tried to sneak off and run away from her only to get caught and carried off to her room. The looked she'd give me terrified me because of her overly calm expression hid her sinister intentions. Welcoming me back in with a fake smile claiming to let me get a drink of water so the \"heads of the house\" wouldn't find out. One day I was so close to freedom so close to starting anew but a last I was found out but it was different instead of being dragged back to her room I was placed in isolation without an excuse for my pattern of behavior she was punished. I was locked up for a week that entire week she was being torched on the last day they untied her forcibly removed all her fingernails on her right hand and threw her on the ground all were laughing and joking before even noticing me in the room. She crawled up to her feet without any help or support despite the whips and buries on her hunched over back. I still remember what she said as she took off the gag she threw back to them. \"Next time boys actually hit me and one week was nothing you spineless dickless fucks. Now, what am I gonna do with you?\" She asked staring at me rubbing the dried up blood from around her lips She playfully slapped me a few times lightly laughing before punching me in the stomach so hard the impact made me clasped to my knees. While I was holding my stomach I didn't notice her knee slamming into the side of my head I couldn't fall at least not completely not while she was sitting on my back. \"You had a hell of a lot of energy when you were running away from me now carry me back to the room and if you clasp buckle or even try to fall this day will feel like an eternity in hell because let's face you're already free range, don't give me a reason to make this last now let's go.\" She said I had to crawl on my hands and knees back to her room the hallways were covered in glass and blades as if everybody was part of this huge plan and she didn't make it any better punching me in the back of the head to move faster or go slower and not to avoid the glass I clasped right at the door that's when she finally got off my back and kneeled down in front me holding the necklace in her hand. \"Today. You'll find out why this is important why you need me to survive and why you should listen to me and me alone.\" She said before hitting the side of the wall, \"24 HOURS SHE'S ALL YOURS!\" She shouted before slamming the door in my face \"What happened within those 24 hours?\" Rock asked \"So you were listening to my rumblings good to know because you can ask her what happened.\" She said staring at me, \"She should know what happened after all you know exactly what happened don't you, Tobias?\" She asked \"How many times do I have to say it, I am not Tobias,\" I replied \"DON'T FUCKING LIE TO ME! It's You It Has To Be You. Th-th-that voice that tone that deminer it has to be you-you have no idea how much I've missed you and to find out that you're alive after all this time.\" She said trying to hold back her tears \"We just wanted to know where the hell you came from not your life story,\" I said \"Erica! She's finally talking it's been three weeks since we capture her and now that she's finally talking don't fuck this up for us.\" He said \"I'd rather for her to get to the point instead of making this longer than it needs to be,\" I said folding my arms \"Well, maybe you should just leave then.\" He said \"Gladly,\" I said walking towards the door \"NO! NO! NO! No, Come Back! MASTER!\" She yelled as I slammed the door behind myself \"Are you okay?\" Megan asked standing outside the door \"H..how much did you hear?\" I asked unable to her in the eye \"More than enough, but that's not you that was never you.\" She said \"You're wrong at one point that was all I knew,\" I replied just as the door opened and Rock walked by seemingly pissed off \"What happened? I thought she was talking.\" Megan said \"She was at first! Look I don't know what kind of fucked up relationship her and this Tobias had going but she isn't going to talk unless you're in the room too. As soon as you left she went right back mute acting as though she couldn't hear or say anything and we had a breakthrough too. FUCK!\" Rock yelled trying to vent his frustrations, \"Look you gotta go in and get her talking again maybe she knows something about their next attack or some useful information.\" He said walking up to me \"I'm not going back in there at least not alone she's fucking nuts for crying out loud Tobias sounds like a serial bat case and how she's acting it's like she's in love with Tobias it's insane! Why would I put myself through that bull shit? She didn't even give us her name.\" I said \"Her name is Angel, she said you gave it to her just to be funny.\" He replied \"You mean Tobias gave her that name. I don't care what the fuck you do with her I am not going back in there.\" I said before walking away \"She knows something about this woman doesn't she?\" Rock asked \"What do you mean?\" Megan asked \"She's never refused to intergate somebody before nor keep her distance I think she's hiding something. I mean what do we really know about 'Erica' anyway?\" Rock suggested \"I think you're looking into this way to hard and besides are you really going to listen to someone that broken over someone who was and still is willing to protect everyone. Think about it before you make another mistake Rock.\" Megan said walking away Later on that night while everyone was sleeping only two people lie awoke and as Angel patiently waited staring at the door of her cell it finally opened as a smile formed on her face. \"Welcome back.\" She said[Chapter 12] Finally after the countless therapy sessions the endless amounts of classes she taught she was finally ready to tell me the truth. It happened sometime after she gave DJ her blessing to venture out without us and with his own team for once. Chad was upset about the idea at first but she convinced him to have some faith in his brother still she had her doubts for only a moment. Once they return Dj had a minor concussion but not without a reason he managed to protect someone else and easily recovered during the following days. After a couple of weeks, more and newer groups were formed under Erica's watch and with her blessing they managed to set their own presence on camp. Everybody started to feel comfortable with going on and off camp grounds I thought they were getting complacent but never the less I started to cave into the slow steady peaceful pace of things. I saw new growth in her as it seemed as though I had nothing to work on with her anymore she was happier more focus the audio and visual hallucinations were no longer presented and the night terrors were gone. I thought my services were no longer needed yet she still came to me not as a patient but as a friend. I got closer to her without even realizing it as she felt as though she could talk about anything with me and vice versa. There wasn't a point of me sleeping in the same room with her one night I left without her noticing only to wake up back in the room with her once again. I had no clue as to why after a few nights she basically asked was I aware of my sleepwalking habits at night. I found the idea strange since I've never had the problem before still I never felt so attached to someone before nor attracted to them as well but I'm not bi-curious still I see her differently for some reason. Nevertheless, I tried to keep my distance and not linger around her so much but she kept coming to me. It was when I washing her hair the simple relaxed moment of rubbing my fingers through her scalp was nice she started asking questions maybe to keep herself from feeling relaxed but there was one question that really got my attention. \"What if hypnotically you met Tarantula, what would you do?\" She looked really sad asking me glancing down as I thought to myself why asked me a question like that but then I remember the camera that she possessed I remember the little clip of video that I'd watch months earlier when I gave her my answer she looked shocked and so surprised that she claimed that she had to teach a class before running off. I went back to the room sure of the fact that she was Tarantula and that she regrets her role in the assassination of President Roan I started putting all the pieces together in my head coming up with my own theory of what happened with all my thinking I nodded off holding on to something I just didn't want to let go. I woke up a little bit earlier than normal to find out that I was holding her arm her hand felt warm against my cheek but I carefully let go only for her to look at me still more asleep than awake to muttered under her breath before dozing back off. After she woke up we all of us got together before heading up to the waterfall the ride with her was pretty quiet she didn't say much staring out the window even during the hike she was distant. Her silence was unsettling but the way she'd wander off without a second thought from spot to spot until she just laid on the ground after swimming had me worried especially since my curiosity of the last video still torment me as I walked towards her only to pulled aside by DJ who wasn't sure what was going on with her because she almost drown claiming to see something in the water. When I asked her about she gave me honest to the point answers even confessing to me that she had a setback but it didn't really affect her as hard as it normally would. Still, she had a light satisfied smile on her face as she said today would be the perfect day to say goodbye and of course I was gonna tag along by her side as she did. She got up and ran towards the tents she seemed excited and perfectly fine with it all I just couldn't help but smile standing watching her as she ran but then Rock walked up. \"Hey what was that all about?\" He asked \"What are you talking about? I'm helping her out with a favor.\" I replied \"How come every time you two are around each other it's like you hiding some secret?\" He questioned \"Did you forget I had a deal with her? She's a client I have to keep her secrets that's the job of a therapist more or less.\" I answered \"I'm just trying to look out for you she acts like she can't leave your side for a second.\" He said \"She didn't even want me to come with her I'm choosing to go with her my question is; what's with this out of nowhere hostility towards her?\" I wondered \"I just don't like how close you two have gotten, okay?\" He said slightly glancing away \"Rock are you serious or just jealous?\" I questioned His silence actually surprised me as he rubbed his arm trying to think of something, \"Well...I..\" He started \"Wow, I honestly don't know what to say...other than you're an idiot. I can't say too much about her other than the fact that she's been through a lot of shit and to be honest she just needs a friend. The reason she chose me to take that place was that of her declining mental health and she saw me as someone she once trusted and deeply cared for so...yeah she does have an attachment to me but it was because of something completely related to her condition. That's about it happy?\" I asked \"What about now? Is it still because of her condition?\" He asked \"I can't tell you that,\" I said folding my arms \"Well, why not?\" He asked \"Because it's none of your business,\" I replied \"I just wanna know I'm worried about you Megs,\" He said trying to grab my hand I took a step back, \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\" I asked \"Look I just wanna make sure you're safe and back happy with me.\" He said \"You sound like an obsessed ex we talked about this before just...stop please before this gets out of hand...Again,\" I said \"Look I don't know what's going on between you two but it has to end now.\" He said \"Nothing is going on like what the hell do you even think is going on? It's not like I'm fucking her!\" I yelled \"But you haven't denied it either.\" He quickly said \"I am not and if I was it wouldn't matter, would it? She's trying to change she's trying to be better she's actually happier here with us, with me and I feel the same when I'm around her so...nothing is going on but...I have...\" I started \"You've actually thought about it?\" He mocked I couldn't say anything really the idea would come and go for small moments just like her spontaneous outlook one minute so confident and secured the next doubtful and terrified still whenever it would be just us, she'd have a calm and relaxed expression. She wants to trust people she wants to be normal but something in her past is blocking her from making that connection, I guess Maria was the only one to get past that block. As I thought about it more and more Rock's laughing brought me back to reality as he tried to calm himself down. \"Are you serious? Look she's not really good for anybody.\" He said \"And how would you know you don't even know her,\" I said \"I know she's a fucking ticking time bomb it's only a matter of time before she explodes and the last thing I want for you is to get caught up in her shit storm. She doesn't deserve someone like you.\" He said \"Oh like you're any damn better just leave us alone, okay?\" I said \"Where do you think you're going?\" Rock asked grabbing my arm, \"Alright maybe I should haven't said all that but I mean it when I said I was worried about you, \" He said sliding his hand into mine, \" I mean if she wasn't strong enough to look after her wife when she was in danger what makes you think she could keep you safe but I'm here for you and she'll always be over there by herself only looking out for herse...\" He started just as I pulled my hand away slapping him before walking away It was a low blow from Rock that I couldn't just keep to myself so I talked to DJ about it near the waterfall while he was gathering water. He couldn't believe what Rock said and yet he wasn't all that surprised that he said it. While I was helping Erica I failed to noticed Rocks old bad habits slowly but surely resurfacing until now. I didn't know whether or not to tell Erica about but DJ suggested that it would be best if I kept it to myself at least for now while he gave me the full canteens for our trip and I meant up with her before we headed out. She told me everything even how her living arrangements worked when she was younger and things she wasn't proud of after that she asked me to help her pray it was like watching somebody being reborn we continued to talk for a little while longer before heading back. I had a feeling something was wrong and by her reaction, she felt the same leading the way she told me to stay low and quiet while we hid in the grass she carefully crawled through the brushes to see the camp under attack. I crawled up beside her watching as everybody scrambled in a panic some bravely pushed forward only to be stopped by a woman carrying a machete covered in blood casually walking through the carnage around her. \"TOBIAS!\" She screamed stabbing her latest victim in the chest \"Oh my god, it's her.\" She said, \"Here take this and run as far as you can I'll handle this.\" She said passing off a knife to me \"No, I'm not leaving people will need my help I just can't abandon them,\" I said \"No, you don't understand I know her and if she sees us together she'll come after you,\" She replied \"Wait you know her but how?\" I asked \"Remember the tier system I told you about in the house?\" She asked before looking up at the girl, \"She was my pet.\" She said \"How do you know it's her?\" I asked \"She's mine I know it she still has on that damn necklace after all this time she's still walking around that symbol on. Just another part of my past that I'd wish would just die already well fuck it I guess I have to do it myself.\" She said before running out Of course, I followed up behind her after a little while she seemed focused on getting that one woman through any means meanwhile I managed to pull away some of our injured without being spotted while watching Erica clashed with this deranged woman. Her crazed smile as she swung her machete around clearly she wasn't sane but she was competent to a certain extent. When Erica ran out of bullets and just stood there jestering her to keep fighting the woman stabbed her machete into someone else efore pushing his body towards Erica before grabbing another one out of nowhere. Erica gently lower the man while apologizing before carefully pulling out the machete as he coughed out she smiling letting him know that everything was gonna be okay after a moment of consoling the man she stood up. The woman was beyond enraged laching out a overwheleming number of poweful attacks but as powerful as they was it wasn't enough to stop Erica eventually the woman found herself unarmed most of the monsters that came with her abandon her or was knocked on conscious. \"It's over now give up please. I don't wanna hurt you.\" She said \"Come on we both know that's bull shit Tobias. You love hurting me you'd kill just to add another scar on my body remember? You couldn't wait it was always the best part of your day. Cutting whipping beating you live for that shit you breathe just to see me suffer and than you...you just leave. You just end my fucking fun! I Liked It! I fucking loved every second of it and than you leave me to that Shit hole of a house and you disappear. Why?\" She asked falling to her knees, \"Well...Anwser Me!? TOBIAS!\" She shouted \"Who's Tobias?\" Erica asked The look in her eyes was full of shock that intantly turned to anger, a low growl turned into her screaming out charging towards Erica before getting tackled down by Chad and Dj. As they tried to restain her down she kept on biting the guys making them mad enough to do Erica's dirty work in trying to knock her out unaware of the twisted joy she was clearly getting out of it. Her toralence to pain made it impossible so they'd had to tie her down and gag her before carrying her back to camp, we left her guys behind in the woods in favor of our own injuried and while I was helping as many people as I could my mind would wonder off thinking about how well she's taking everything. After getting everybody under a stable condition I decided to check up on her but when I tried to go into the room it was locked. \"Erica! ERICA! Open the door. Come on, you can talk to me.\" I yelled through the door before sighing, \"You can always talk to me please open the door.\" I softly said After a few seconds I heard the latch on the door and felt it crack open while I pushed on it. She was sitting in the cornner of the room shaking out her swollen and bloody hands before looking at me, \"Umm sorry I...I didn't want you to see like this. I don't feel like talking that much I'm just tired, okay?\" She asked \"It's okay but can I...umm can I stay with you?\" I asked She didn't say anything crawling to lay her head on my lap, \"Just don't move to much.\" She muttered After watching her get comfortable and slowly dozing off I couldn't help but smile rubbing my hand through her hair rubbing her back hearing her soft low snore I ended up dozing off myself. We stayed locked up in the room for the next few days only leaving for food and showers but spending our days isloted away from everyone else. I'd leave just to check on my patients for a moment or two just have the reminder that she is still down in the basement waiting for Erica to come down. Waiting to see Tobias again[Chapter 13] \"Ummmm...Here.\" I said siding a tray of food near her feet, \"I doubt you'll talk but they told me to give you your food because you haven't been eating and they think you'll listen to me for some odd reason so eat. Nothing is old or poisonous everything is fresh even the water so yeah I'm just gonna go.\" I said before heading towards the door \"And do you honestly think that's enough Tobias? A simple command just to eat .\" She said throwing a bowl at the door, \"What the fuck are you doing to yourself, it's like I don't even fucking know you anymore all of this apologizing on \"her\" behalf like you're a different person, it's bull shit. Stop acting like you're one of them because we both know who you are. You're a killer. A fucking monster a bitch just like me! They'll find out they always find out.\" Angel said grabbing and eating the rest of her food \"I am not Tobias so why are you lashing out like this?\" I asked \"Because you can play innocent to everyone around here but you can't lie about the tattoo. You can't hide from the family.\" She replied kicking back an empty tray I had forgotten about that cursed tattoo that lingered on the back of my shoulder as I lean down to pick up the tray she was staring at me with a smirk on her face licking her lips as if she was thinking of other things. I got the tray and left the room setting the tray on the cart beside the door before walking upstairs. \"So? Did she say anything?\" Rock asked leaning against the wall \"She ate that's all,\" I answered somewhat annoyed \"Are you sure that was it?\" He asked grabbing my arm squeezing it tightly I glanced at him grabbing my arm before staring at him, \"Yeah, I'm sure now can you let go of me? I'm on scavenge detail today and I don't wanna keep everybody waiting on me.\" I said \"I guess I'll go see if I can get to her again.\" He said letting me go and walking down I kept thinking about what she had said about the tattoo paying no mind to the fact that I was running late to meet up with the guys to go into a nearby campground that others have been trying to use as a safe haven. The plan was to convince the camp leader to either join us and be a part of our camp, or open a form of communication so we could trade goods protect each other and just live peacefully alongside scavenging for more things we need around camp. But with Angel on campgrounds, things have been more or less really stressful and tensed, we had to place more people on guard duty to control outsiders lurking around trying to gather information about the way we operate and the weapons we used. More random people started popping up out of the sky just out of nowhere weeks after we captured her. We had a tuff time deciding whether or not to let them in on the grounds let alone passed the gate and without Angel talking or showing emotion to the new people it was hard to say if she knew them or not so as a safety we had no choice but to turn them away with the hope that they started over somewhere new. \"Yo Teach! Are you coming or what?\" Dj asked \"You know you don't have to call her Teach anymore right?\" Chad asked \"Yeah, I know. I just like doing it and she's doesn't mind, right Teach?\" He asked \"What? Oh yeah, I don't mind it's cool.\" I said \"See I told you she doesn't mind it. Alright, Guys Let's Roll!\" Dj yelled \"Hey there's Megan are you gonna say something to her,\" Chad said \"We umm talked this morning let's just go,\" I said getting in the car ~Earlier that morning~ \"Rock wants to see if you can talk to her again he's not taking no for an answer and she's refusing to eat as a way to get your attention,\" Megan said \"I don't know if I can do that,\" I said \"You saw her again last night didn't you?\" She asked \"I just wanted to apologized that's it but she's not having it. She honestly misses the monster that I was and I just don't understand why but then again maybe I do.\" I said pushing my hair back \"What do you mean by that?\" She asked \"The only thing I didn't do was have a sexual relationship with her but everything else was fair game. Everything that I had to do with her was under my complete control even if she could walk on her feet was my choice, not hers. She wasn't allowed to stand until seven months after I got her in an auction and even then she wasn't allowed to walk anywhere near me more than an arms distance but still in my sight. She went from eating out the trash to days old table scraps to my day old leftovers. She went from sleeping on the floor in a corner with hardly anything to keep her warm to a thin sheet getting better and better as she improved becoming more obedient. You see everything I did was to ensure my control and dominance over her life and once I left she'd rather die than to live a life without me even the way I treated her well that didn't stop she just grew more and more submissive to the abuse. That only meant that I could turn up the abuse more making things harder and harder more complex and almost fatal. I really can't face her what she has is the worst form of Stockholm syndrome you will ever come across to the point where it's a fatal obsession the only way for her to really let go of me is to kill me or the ladder which is to kill herself.\" I said \"So what you just gonna let her?\" She asked \"I can try to stop her but in the end, one of us will...\" I started \"Neither one of you has to die! Why the hell is that always the answer between you and something that involves your past. This \"family\" it's over so why to do you continue fighting as if they are still around?\" She asked \"Because they are still around and they haven't done nothing but get more powerful! Why am I even telling you this it has nothing to do with you and you won't understand where I'm coming from so what does it matter to you?\" I asked \"It matters to me because I see how hard you're trying to change for the better.\" She replied \"I can be good but there is nothing I can do for all of those times I could have been, all those times I should have been. Now it's like every time I feel like I'm getting somewhere something drags me back into that dark abyss again and I keep on thinking to myself what's the point way or another it's only a matter of time before things blow up in my face.\" I said \"Than why not just give up and give in to your dark desires and go back to the monster you once were? You don't see Maria anymore you don't even hear her so your conscious is somewhat clear you don't feel guilty for her death anymore and since you've accepted it for what is, you don't have to fight anymore so. Why continue to try?\" She asked \"Maybe because I have things here worth protecting like Dj Chad, my students, even you especially you Megan because without you I would haven't made it this far so I owe you everything I have and I know that's not much but...\" I started \"Erica you're more than enough.\" She interrupted It was a light gentle kiss that threw me completely off guard and I guess I made it obvious because she started to apologize for it. As I covered my mouth and made my way passed her she called out to me while I ran to my empty classroom shutting the door behind me. I didn't know what to feel I was happy. I was mad at myself. I wanted more. I wanted everything to stop. I was happy knowing her feelings were clear now. I was mad because now I placed a target on her back and made her a risk. I wanted more because I've been yarning for a moment like that. And I wanted everything to stop because if something happened to her it'd be my fault all over again. I spent maybe five or ten minutes shouting and breaking things hitting myself in the head to convince myself to end this while it's still early but deep down I didn't want too. So I grabbed the tray and headed downstairs to see Angel for the first time in days. Now as I sat in the car with my head out the window staring blanky pass the never-ending line up of trees beside the road I felt like all of this could be a mistake. \"Hey, Tech. This doesn't look right.\" Dj said pulling up I started to focus and noticed that it was a ghost town, \"Pull up on the side over there near the trees.\" I said before getting out the car \"Anybody else noticed the smokestack over there?\" Chad asked, \"From the smoke, it looks like somebody just put it out recently best keep your guard up.\" He said \"No. This is supposed to be peaceful that's why I said leave the heavy stuff at the base just try not to be trigger happy.\" I said \"We have more control than you last time I checked,\" Dj said \"Yeah yeah yeah.\" I said walking around, \"Hey guys be on the lookout for...\" I started \"WOOAAAHHH! GUYS A LITTLE HELP OVER HERE!?\" Chad asked hanging upside down on a rope from a tree branch \"Traps.\" I finished walking up to him while Dj busted out laughing \"YOU'RE SURROUND PUT DOWN YOUR WEAPONS AND RAISE YOUR HANDS!\" A male voice shouted \"Over my dead body,\" Dj said taking aim with a crossbow \"Calm down and do as he say or we might not get your brother back.\" I said dropping my pocket knife and raising my hands, \"We just came here to talk that's it. Right Fellas?!\" I said staring at Dj Dj sighed before dropping his crossbow and raising his hands, \"Yeah, I guess but can somebody please cut my brother down?\" He asked \"Hey, I know you! You're the one who didn't allow my family into the camp!\" He said walking up A few days ago a family came to us begging for help a man in his early 30s with a particle suit on with his injured wife and daughter showed up at the gate. We didn't know if she should let them in it was only a little while after we took in Angel but we still had to consider the risk of inviting outsiders. Instead of letting them in we gave them food water and sent Megan out to help with their injuries they seemed grateful but I felt a little guilty having them fend for themselves but I wasn't gonna allow them to get hurt over something that didn't involve them but I didn't think I'd get to see them again. \"Yeah. How's your wife and daughter? Did they get better?\" I asked \"They're fine but why are you guys here?\" He asked \"We just came to talk that's it so if I could have a moment of your time Mr...?\" I started \"My name is Tomas Park just call me Tommie and somebody cut him down!\" He said while Chad fell to the ground \"Thank...you.\" He groaned out before Dj helped him up to his feet \"Follow me,\" Tommie said leading the way I waited for a second before following to see that his camp was made with most people I had to refuse entry into Rock's camp. A lot of the people that were there was teenagers the oldest person at the camp was probably Tommie since we let in the elderly and lost kids under ten but after that, we basically put the camp on lockdown. The tents they used were stable at least and they had a fairly good amount of supplies but it wasn't enough to last a week and they didn't anybody with a medical background so their injured had to suffer from a small amount of knowledge with certain injuries. When we sat down in Tommie's tent his daughter was there playing with a doll Megan had given her while her mom was making something to eat and Tommie sat down in front of us. \"That's my wife Ella and my daughter, Sofie you guys didn't get the chance to met my family because she wouldn't let us in.\" He said \"There's a perfectly good reason for that but I refuse to say while your daughter is here,\" I said Tommie looked over at his wife, \"Honey can you take Sofie out for a second while I talk with these...people.\" He said once left they left the room and he made sure they were gone he sat back down,\" Now what was so dangerous that you'd refused to let us and everybody else in like I'm glad and grateful that you helped us but why?\" He asked \"When you guys showed up we had recently got attacked by members of the Illuminati and we somehow captured the leader of the group. She's currently locked away on that camp we came from. We had to the tighten up security in case spies or someone was willing to break her out a lot of people would get hurt because of her and I'd rather you guys have a fighting chance far away from the camp than in the middle of war zone.\" I said \"So you sent us a way to try to save us or as a way to protect us?\" He asked \"Everybody on the camp is trained to deal with problems like this it would take a while before you guys would be considered ready and you, you have a family to think about,\" I said \"Well, I'm just glad you guys help us out but still if you haven't noticed this camp is getting bigger because of your refusal to allow anybody else in.\" He said \"We know and that's why we're here. What do you say if we start a partnership?\" I asked \"A partnership? Oh no, you're not gonna control us and have us so dependent on you we have been fine on our own and that's how it'll be.\" He said \"Noone is trying to control you or anyone else as a matter a fact, we just wanna be able to look out for you guys and you do the same for us. We can help with your injured and help gather more supplies we can also provide security if needed but you have to do the same if we need it.\" I said \"And why would you guys need it?\" He asked \"That bitch killed at least fifteen guys on her own and her team basically burn not only some of our food but people as well. They're sick twisted people and if you think you can fight them off on your own then you're wrong.\" Chad said \"I heard rumors about them kidnapping selling and killing kids some had a fate worse than death itself. Saying that they'd rather die than stay so as a way of escaping their tormentors they...\" Dj started \"That's enough.\" I interrupted, \"No parent should have to think of their child like that still this is the world we live in. No one is gonna force you to do anything if those creatures come back for her we're willing to put up a fight it's those who can't fight that we need to find shelter for until all the fighting stops. Your camp is small enough to slip under the radar and since they believe there's already bad blood between us they might actually try to recruit you to attack us but that's just my opinion.\" I said \"I need time to think about this and time to talk this out with everyone else.\" He said \"The man of the people, I like him already,\" Chad said \"Take as much time as you need,\" Dj said \"As a sign of good will, we brought you guys some stuff you could use mostly a few medical books and supplies of the same uses as long with a few can goods,\" I said getting up, \"Oh and another thing Megan wanted the kids around here to have something to play with so she put in something for them to play with,\" I added leading our way to the car After passing out the stuff and talking with some of the people who were staying with Tommie we had left. The drive had to be prolonged since the old mall we used to raid was completely empty and well destroyed by Angle's guys so we went to a broke down Farmer's Market. There wasn't that much food since a majority of the food was rotting but Dj came across vegetable seeds Chad found farming equipment and I found a few books about planting and gardening. We started heading back to the campgrounds laughing about farmer's nicknames we had given each other and mocking each other as if we were from the southern states when we all grew up in the city. While Dj was annoying Chad by being a backseat driver I was looking over the books hoping I could actually grow something that was simple and easy for a beginner eventually we pulled up at the gate to a few guys standing outside waiting on us. As we pulled over to the side and let the guys check the car I saw Megan leaning against the wall with a bag near her feet. \"Hey, are you headed somewhere?\" I asked getting out the car and walking up to her \"What's it matter to you?\" She asked turning away from me \"I was just asking. Sorry. Are you okay I mean are we okay?\" I asked \"I'm fine.\" She lied Something was completely wrong I know her and I could tell she was lying. She had on a hoodie with the hood over her hair and some parts of her face covered she refused to look at me. I thought it was because of what happened earlier until she started pulling her sleeves down her wrist more and rubbing her eyes. \"I'm not leaving until you either tell me the truth or look at me,\" I said \"And why on earth should I do that?\" She asked \"Because I know you and I know it when something is bothering you so talk to me like how I still talk to you,\" I said \"You're out of your mind.\" She said walking away \"And you're lying to yourself take off that stupid hood and let's talk this out please,\" I said pulling at it \"What do you think you're doing?\" She asked trying to keep it on \"Getting your attention,\" I said \"No stop it.\" She said \"I'll stop when you talk to me,\" I said \"No Erica seriously stop.\" She said I didn't think that the fabric would break apart like that as she fell to the ground. I looked at the tared up hood before leaning down to help her up but she slapped my hand away wiping her eyes as she muttered something under her breath. \"I'm sorry. I just want to know what's wro...who did this?\" I asked pushing her hair back relieving her black eye and busted lip \"I went to see if I could talk to her and I didn't know what I getting myself into but you can't go down there. Promise me you won't!\" She shouted I thought about it for a moment before lightly stroking her cheek before kissing her forehead, \"You know I can't do that not after she hurt you.\" I said getting up \"No Erica don't do anything you'll regret.\" She said \"Chad! DJ! Watch over her I gotta deal with something and it might get messy I don't you guys getting caught up in it.\" I said running inside Before they could even answer my request I was already near the basement stairs where Rock comfortably leaning against the wall. With a smirk on his face and his hands shoved in his pockets, he blocked the door keeping me away from the stairs. \"You look pissed what seems to be the problem?\" He asked \"Get out of my way I need to talk to that thing downstairs,\" I said \"Thing? Woah I think you need to calm down for a moment.\" He asked \"How do you walk around and not see what's going on right here in front of your face?\" I questioned \"You mean Megan right? Look I know what happened to her and I've dealt with it but those people need to know the truth. I'm trying to find a rat and Megan tried to be civil with a savage but you can go see that as you called her \"thing\" if you want.\" He said moving out the way \"Find a rat huh? Hopefully, it doesn't bite you in the ass.\" I said before heading downstairs \"About time your ass showed up.\" Angel said hidden in a corner of the room, \"But you're a little late for the party.\" She said turning around licking blood off her lips \"What the fuck happened to you?\" I asked \"Nothing compared to what's about to happen to you.\" She said I was pushed inside with her as I could hear the door being locked and keys being rattled someone was walking away laughing, \"ROCK OPEN THIS DAMN DOOR NOW!\" I shouted kicking punching and even using my body to ram the unyeliding door \"Are you done now? Let's talk because A LOT of shit is about to happen and you should be ready for more blood on your hands Tobias.\" She said \"I know.\" I muttered under my breath sliding down facing the door[Chapter 14] \"God damn it if I gotta choke her ass out one more time I just might have to break her fucking neck,\" I muttered to myself After I slid her body to the opposite side of the empty room I made my way over to the corner farthest away from her before sitting down. It's been a few hours and not a peep from anyone they even missed the lunch period still that's the least of my problems. I have no clue what Rock was up to especially since he's been acting different ever since she showed calling me Tobias giving him the idea that I was in cohorts with the Illuminati. Rock's relationship with Megan is suffering and he blames me for everything. \"Don't worry about it,\" she says \"I'll take care of it,\" she said now I'm trapped in an isolated cell with a nutcase of my own creation. I glanced at her before trying to knock down the door until I grew exhausted. \"Son of Bitch!\" I yelled before sitting down \"Are you done? Can I talk to you now?\" She asked \"Just keep your hands to yourself and stay the hell away from away from me, I'm done fighting you,\" I said \"Fair enough I can tell you've been holding back Tobias.\" She said \"I am not Tobias I'd appreciated if you'd stop calling me that,\" I said \"You know I did everything for you. T-t-to try and make you proud of me! I wanted you to see me as more than a pet, as more than someone you could control but than you were gone. They let you roam freely for a year but you never came back.\" She said \"Can you get to the point? What's going on outside?\" I asked \"Of course you don't care you got what little happiness you wanted even though it didn't last forever.\" She said \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I asked \"How's your wife?\" She asked giggling softly before busting out laughing, \"What was her name again? OH Yeah! Maria.\" She smirked \"You Don't Get To Say Her Fucking Name!\" I shouted \"I can say anything I want about that whore, after all, I was there and I know who you're looking for.\" She said \"Wh..what are you talking about?\" I asked \"Don't play dumb all this time you've been alive and for what? You know you could've always seen her again if you really wanted too.\" She said \"Trust me I've tried,\" I said \"Not hard enough apparently you're still here so what in the holy hell would keep you here after all this time? What lie did you tell yourself to keep moving forward? That she'd want revenge right?\" She asked while I glanced at her from the corner of my eyes, \"I know the man who killed her and all you have to do is tell Rock who you really are.\" She said \"I made peace with her...passing I'm not going back to that life,\" I said \"Are you sure about that because people are dying out there for you, for your name and if you don't confess more will die. Rock is allowing me to reach members he's allowing me to have communications with them I don't how but they're getting my messages they know I'm here. They know you're here they want you alive and back under their control.\" She said \"Well I'm not going back and nothing will ever make me go,\" I said \"Who's the new bitch you're fucking now?\" She asked \"What makes you think it's a relationship that's forcing me to stay?\" I asked \"When has it ever been anything else outside of someone you're fucking? I know you Master I know Tobias every single time you feel close to someone and fall in love with someone you get caught up believing in a different path a different life. You weren't forced into this you chose this life.\" She said \"That's a fucking lie right there. You don't think I wasn't in the same position you were in? I had to prove myself just like everybody else! I was alone left for dead several times they found me kidnapped me and forced me to stay. I NEVER wanted this life and my father didn't sacrifice himself just for me to follow up behind his shit show of decisions so you don't know me. You don't know shit!\" I said \"I know about Megan. Rock tells me how close you guys have gotten over the last few months it seems so easy for you. Is everything easy for you? Walking away killing people hurting others playing with people's emotions falling in love? I waited for you every day by the phone the door your bedroom window and for what some bitch who won't even look in my direction. I kept on wondering why didn't she want me? I guess it was for the best.\" She said \"I already took full advantage of you and your situation I didn't want to take complete advantage of you sexually because they did that to me and it broke me completely. I felt guilty whenever I did hurt someone it was either that or get hurt myself and I was afraid. I was terrified of dying but they found out that someone was helping me cope thinking I had a crush on Miles.\" I said \"Who the fuck is Miles?\" She asked \"You probably heard of him as Reptile the man that could never just straight up kill someone his poisons take 10 minutes to an hour to actually take full effect on a target. Anyway, they saw we had something of a bond we only saw each other as friends, best friends at that. They locked us in a room together saying if we didn't sleep together one of us would die he wasn't a virgin anymore since an older woman threw herself on him. He didn't want me to go through that since he knew I was a virgin and because he didn't make the first move he'd get beat for every day we didn't have sex. After maybe two and a half weeks he was damn near dead we both were sixteen they watched after that they separated us for months and I never saw him again until his body was found.\" I said \"What happened?\" She asked \"He went after heads of the house all because he felt guilty for what happened between us. He hated himself for it but he knew it wasn't his fault at least not fully. It broke me because he actually tried to fight for me for what was right and the man who sliced open his throat was my mentor so the only friend I had cared for and actually loved was ripped away from me. You shouldn't have to feel that.\" I said She didn't speak staring at me to find the right words to say while I pushed my hair back glancing away before noticing her slowly crawl up to me. I raised my hand nodding before pulling my legs to my chest. \"So after that is when you grew numb?\" She asked \"I was already numb you have to be to survive that house especially since two days later after they found Miles I had to kill my mentor wanna talk about having someone be proud of you I had to disarm my mentor stab him with his own knife only for him to whisper in my ear that this was the exact same knife used to kill my best friend and if I don't show emotion I could keep it. I used everything I could just to cope working sex drugs alcohol I watched slaves beat each other to death fighting with others but then I heard about slave day. I stayed watching for but when I saw you I was broken and...look I'm sorry. I am genuinely sorry for hurting you I never killed your father by the way. I stole the necklace and told him not to come back unless he got the money for you. I stalked him for months he grabbed eight more loans and disappeared out of the US.\" I said \"Are you sure?\" She asked \"Yeah. I made you property of the house because it is easier to run away at that point. I told you, you could hurt anybody except me because I knew one day you'd kill me. I toured you so you'd have a tolerance to pain someone hit you, you'll be able to take it. I dropped small amounts of food so you could survive off less. I treated you like shit because it hid my insecurities it made me feel better. At the end of the day, I just hurt you I can't change that the damage has clearly been done all I can say is I'm sorry.\" I said \"Rock is avenging his kids Jason and Michelle I don't know the details but it started after the hit on Roan if you wanna get to him use them.\" She said \"I knew you still had some form of humanity left in you. After all, you are a fighter and you're a lot better than me at all of this.\" I said We both sat in silence waiting for something to happened anything really. My head started going in different directions eventually mentally I checked out staring at the concrete ceiling hovering over me slowly closing my eyes and no longer moving body. I felt her coming closer to me feeling her eyes staring at me. \"Where are you right now?\" She asked \"Nowhere,\" I replied slowing opening my eyes, \"Someone is coming,\" I said Not even a second later the door was slammed opened and I was pulled up off the floor being mentally checked out all I could hear was static I felt my arms being tied behind my back as I was carried out with a bag over my head. I had no idea where I was going but I felt the wind on my skin I could hear people taking some crying as I was sat on a wooden surface and as I felt the bag pulled off my face. A crowd of people stood around staring at me and five bodies were covered up one by one their faces were relieved to me. All were my students at one point or another people that were close to me they killed just to spell out my name but when I saw they used Chad just for the C in my name I looked away. \"Who are you, Erica?\" Rock asked, \"Because Everybody Here Is Dying To Know!\" He shouted \"I had nothing to do with it,\" I said \"Had nothing to do with what? Because the blood they spilled has your name written all over it I mean look at this shit!\" He pointed out I glanced over the bodies that were sat in front of me, \"Eddy, Rich, Isabella, Chad, Anna. E-R-I-C-A but there are fourteen bodies in total. Who else are they asking for? What more do they want?\" I asked \"That's beside the point the point is what do they want with you? Who are you?\" He asked \"Where's DJ?\" I asked looking up to see a crowd of people \"Answer the question. Who are you?\" He asked \"DJ!? DJ Where Are You?\" I shouted before getting punched in the mouth \"You don't have the right to talk to him. He's mourning his loss. You answer my question who the fuck are you? He asked \"You've been practicing you hit harder now is it because you've been beating Angel's ass?\" I questioned \"Who are you, Erica? Really? If I have to ask again...look I don't wanna kill you.\" He said \"You can't no matter how badly you want to because that goes against your agreement, right Rock? You sold out just to get a crack at me well congru-fucking-lations you're no different than the Illuminati you are no different than the people who killed my wife no different from the people who murder your kids!\" I yelled before getting punched down to the wooden surface \"You're making this harder for yourself just tell us who you are.\" He said After sucking and spitting blood from my lip I set myself up on my knees, \"I'll tell you who I am once I see DJ.\" I said \"No dice \"Erica\" if that is your real name.\" He said \"It is my real name it's my actual birth name but the death of your kids is not my fault,\" I said \"What did you just say?\" He asked \"The death of Jason and Michelle is not on me!\" I shouted \"But the death of Chad is. I thought he was your friend and just look at how much you hurt DJ and Megan.\" He said \"Just...don't hurt her she doesn't deserve this neither does DJ,\" I said \"I know just tell everybody who you are and we'll put in an end to all of this.\" He said \"Only if I can see them one last time,\" I said \"Fine bring them here,\" Rock said Megan was basically dragged by two other guys while DJ walked close by. His eyes were bloodshot he looked exhausted and there was blood still lingering on his shirt while Megan was actually happy to see me, DJ was just frozen. \"Oh my God! What happened to you? Are you okay? Why are you tied up?\" Megan frantically asked hugging me \"I got trapped in the cell with Angel I'm okay but you shouldn't be like this you should hate me or at least be mad at me,\" I softly replied glancing away \"You didn't tell her did you, Rock.\", She said loosing up her grip up slowly turning her attention to Rock, \"You didn't tell her that five of those bodies spell out my name! Just what else are you hiding from her?\" She said getting up walking up to Rock \"Everything she doesn't need to know.\" He replied \"Four left. Hey, Megan is Troy still in your care?\" I asked \"Yes, he is.\" She answered \"So that just leaves Dani John Tira and Andy. Troy is under Megan's care Tira and Andy are dead and well the Illuminati prefers full names so Daniella and Johnath are out that just leaves one person they could possibly want.\" I asked, \"One two three four R-o-c-k. I know I fucked up at times but they won't stop unless I and Megan are in their control. Now I understand why they want me back I also understand why they want Megan but why do they want you Rock?\" I asked \"This isn't about me it's about you.\" He said \"That's Right! Where the fuck where you when they started shooting?\" DJ asked \"Your boy over there locked me in the cell with Angel just so I would stay out of his way. I know what happened here today and I'm sorry your brother got caught up in this.\" I said \"Did you know he was the first one they shot, out of All the fucking letters in your goddamn name they shot him first. You know he told me that you carried a gun with live ammo I didn't believe him until I checked your room out,\" He pulled the gun out from behind his back staring at it before unloading the magazine out revealing the ammo inside before reloading it, \"Why didn't you tell anyone about this? Why did you hide it?\" He asked \"It's clear that no one needed to know about it! She didn't want to use it and I'm sure she doesn't anybody else using it,\" Megan said \"Why are you defending her?! Unless...you knew exactly who she was from the start. You've always known who she was correction who she is.\" He said \"She doesn't know a fucking thing about me.\" I lied \"Wh-..what are you talking about I do know you. I know you better than anyone here.\" She said \"No, you don't. You honestly think I would let you in that I'd be dumb enough to let anyone in again. Wow, I shouldn't be surprised though all of you still believe in humanity all of you still believe in the kindness of others when those ideas should have died years ago. Just like how I lost my faith in this shit show of a planet.\" I said \"You're lying. You're just trying to push me away again it's not gonna work, Erica.\" She said \"Fuck off! You don't matter to me! You Never matter to me ju...just leave.\" I said turning away from her \"You can't be serious, right?\" She asked getting closer, \"Right Erica?\" \"Just Get Out Of My Life!\" I shouted, \"You're only in my way,\" I softly muttered under my breath She looked hurt. It was so visible it was even in her eyes as she walked away trying her hardest not to show her emotions while I continued to act cold, to act like how I was trained to act when it came to situations like that. Lying to myself was easy because I didn't have to prove anything to others, I was a walking talking human flaming trash can and I was okay with that. But it was lying about my feelings towards others that was just impossible to hide unless I forced myself to do so and even then there was no grantee it would work but in this case it did. \"You want to know who I am Rock, well my name is Erica Weston my father's name was Tobias 'Spider' Weston. I took up his name after I was abandon and kidnapped by the people you all know as the Illuminati. I was giving a job with unforeseen consequences in my past life not as a bodyguard but as an assassin you see where I'm going with this?\" I asked \"I'd rather you get to the point and say it.\" He asked \"Fine. I, Erica Tobias 'Tarantula' Weston, shot and assassinated President Roan and cause the spark of the Illuminati to take over everything.\" I said \"How much? How much did they pay you? How much was her life worth to you?!\" Rock asked \"Twenty billion dollars in cash and my freedom to walk away from that hellhole forever but the money didn't even matter after coming home and finding out that the same people who hired me for the job brutally murdered my wife filmed it and sent it alongside her crops hanging on our bedpost. I lost my will to live burying myself in the cabin they found me in. I didn't know more people were gonna die, I didn't know that the insane people of the world was gonna rise up and take over, and I didn't know I'd single-handly cause so much pain. I know, I mean I get it. I don't deserve a second chance, I know I don't forgiveness and I'm not asking for either one. I don't even care anymore I know exactly how this is gonna go so just get it over with DJ.\" I said \"What are you talking about?\" Rock asked \"You gave him the gun that was in my room if you couldn't avenge you kids death you could use DJ's grief and pain to blind him into killing me. Having him believe that this is something Chad would've wanted but in reality, he's just gonna be doing your dirty work and while you'll see this as justice this will send DJ down a path of self-loathing and destruction living with the fact that he killed someone. That he probably lost everyone who was closest to him in one single moment because you pushed him.\" I explained to Rock before directing my attention to DJ, \"But if this is of your own free willing than just know Megan will resent you for this will she get over it only time will tell but remember what I've taught you and if you as so much tremble that fucking barrel of that gun I Will give you a reason to shoot me understand?\" I asked \"I..I understand,\" DJ said \"Shoot to kill not to wound especially with live ammo,\" I said closing my eyes, \"Okay I'm ready.\" Everything was slowed down my heart started racing as the actual fear of death soon overwhelmed me as my mind went clear I could see everything and nothing. Visions of a life that I could've had raced in my head while memories I thought I had forgotten soon followed one after other different futures all with different endings but doing those flashing one moment stood out, \"Erica. Do you really want to die right now?\" while the question is on repeat my mind was screaming the answer, \" I don't want to die. I Don't Wanna Die. I DON'T WANNA DIE!\" just as I snapped my eyes open. \"WAIT!\" I shouted just as the gun went off[Chapter 15] It took a moment or two for me to realize that I was still alive but the consent ringing in my ears made it very clear he didn't take it lightly. I tried everything I could to make the ringing stop or to pop my ears even hitting my head on the surface but nothing was working. I glanced up and noticed the boys arguing about me Rock disapproving screams barely phased DJ as he walked towards me. I sat up again hoping this would be the end closing my eyes until a light tap on my shoulder made me realized he wasn't gonna kill me instead he placed the gun beside my right ear since I'm assuming he already shot near my left ear. As he pulled the trigger the ringing in my ears seemed endless, I rolled my eyes trying to focus on anything other than the ringing it wasn't all that clear but I saw DJ walk up to Rock and passed the pistol to him before leaving altogether. Rock disappointed in DJ choice in keeping alive walked over and knocked me unconscious with the empty pistol. When I finally came to my arms were tied in front of myself with the other end of the rope tied to the bummer of a police curser, my shoes were gone, and my clothes were replaced with sweat pants and a muscle shirt. I tried to once more pop my ears only being able to hear slightly out of my left ear when I heard screaming getting closer and closer. \"Hurry The Fuck Up! Stop Dragging Your Damn Feet!\" Rock said dragging a screaming Angel by her hair to the car \"Awwww come on this is fun no. Pull harder!\" She said sitting on her ass \"I don't have time for this!\" He growled before picking her up over his shoulder before throwing her in the backseat and closing the door after a deep sigh he walked over to the trunk and opened it up \"YOO! WHAT THE FUCK MAN?! YOU HAD ME KNOCKED OUT AND HIDDEN IN THE WOODS FOR MONTHS AND NOW DECIDED TO COME TO GET ME!\" Terrance yelled trying to force his way out \"Shut the hell up,\" Rock said before slamming the trunk on his head before directing his attention to me, \"Hey HEY CAN YOU HEAR ME?!\" He asked \"HUH!? WHAT?\" I yelled \"KEEP UP OR ELSE!\" He yelled before getting the car At first, I didn't really hear what he said but the message came through when he started the car and begin driving, I was doing a death march. Miles and miles hours and hours later we showed up at some military base front gate my legs on autopilot my feet were aching my ankles were swollen my tendons were in so much pain they grew numb and my hips felt nonexistent and yet I just kept on going at the pace that kept me at an even avenged. Run to fast he'd hit the breaks slow up he'd speed up all to make sure I'd fall on the street and have my body dragged alongside the asphalt. Only two to three-minute breaks for whatever but hardly any water or food my body felt weak and heavy at the same time and despite his stop at the gate I subconsciously had to keep moving. \"Hey open up! I got the people you wanted,\" Rock said through the intercom \"Which ones exactly?\" A male voice asked \"A whore a dog and a trader.\" He replied After a second or two, the gates opened and the car started moving once again eventually stopping at a place called the brig. As the car slowed down to its final stop each step felt heavier and heavier my legs felt like they were gonna get out at any given moment. Three guys all with a black mask walked out of the building while Rock got out the car, he went over to the guys while I clasped on the ground near the car. They all laughed watching me get up before directing their attention to Rock, \"Who are you again?\" One asked \"The name is Rock. I had a deal with your boss a couple of days ago I wanna renegotiate,\" He said They all glanced at each other before one took off running, \"And why should we renegotiate? Your life was on our list too so unless you have a life that is worth greater than yours maybe we could work something out. So who do you have to trade?\" He questioned \"I keep Megan you get your whore and dog back,\" He said \"Which ones? We've been getting a lot of returns lately,\" One of them said \"Some that probably don't even matter but the most important one is her,\" Rock said pointing at me crawling up to my feet \"Her?! Are you fucking serious?\" One of the guys said staring at me, \"Oh well it's not my call just wait till my boss gets here to judge her but I wanna see the \"whore and dog\" now,\" He said \"Alright, I'll need help with the dog but the whore I can get myself,\" Rock said walking over to the car and opening the door to the backseat, \"Get out of the car,\" He said \"Make Me!\" Angel yelled Rock sighed deeply, \"Bitch! I don't have enough time for your bull shit! Get Out The Fucking Car!\" He yelled pulling her out of the car by any means Watching her put on a front as if he was hurting her only to see a smirk on her face when she was thrown at the guys' feet, \"Okay, that was fun. I had a great time see you soon Rocky-boy.\" She said before getting up dusting herself off and walking past the guys \"And the dog?\" They asked \"Like I said I'll need some help with him,\" Rock said As Rock was leading the way I somehow made a good amount of space between myself and the trunk of the car. One of the masked guys was staring at me while Rock was talking to the other guy about how to detain Terrance. The guy kept staring at me as he slowly started to reach down and grab the rope. I don't know whether it was I really didn't wanna be bothered or it was my natural instincts taking over but I stepped on the rope wrapped it around my leg before shoving my knee into their face. As they fell back against their partner Rock popped open the trunk and Terrance wasted no time fighting his way out. \"Let Me Out This Fucking Car!\" He shouted knocking Rock out the way and running inside, \"I'M HOME BITCHES!\" He screamed \"Damn animal. What the fuck happened and why are you bleeding?\" Rock questioned \"It's that bitch fault! She fucking rammed her knee in my face!\" He yelled flushing the blood out his nose \"She's already to much trouble, we don't want her.\" The other guy said \"Oh fuck no! You're taking this damn demon whether you want her or not!\" Rock yelled \"I say we just kill her. What do you say?\" One guy asked The other guy thought about it for a second before pulling out a knife and making his way towards me. I slowly backed-up as far as I could trying to think of anything that could get me out of this situation nevertheless like clockwork my legs started to once again give out. \"No. Not now.\" I muttered under my breath while my legs slowly started to tremble \"Come here I don't wanna fuck you up too badly a lot of guys would love around with a beauty like you.\" He said \"Too bad, they'll never get one,\" I said \"They'll take you dead or alive now come here. You know what I change my mind you're gonna be my new toy,\" He said \"If you want that happen you might wanna play it smart and put away the knife.\" Rock commented sitting on the trunk \"What do you mean? I know what I'm doing.\" He said \"One wrong swing could cut the rope and she could get away and I'm for sure not chasing her ass down again. That's a choice you guys will have to make but I don't think your boss would like that she got away especially once you find out who she really is.\" Rock said \"She's just some sellout but I guess I could be a little more...direct.\" He said putting away the knife As soon as he did I charged toward him knocking him down and using my tied up hands to hammer in as much damage I could until he punched me off him and pinned me down. Without a second thought, I latched on to his ear viciously biting at his flesh like a wild animal while he screamed it wasn't until his buddy managed to hit me in the head enough times to get me to pull away taking a piece of his ear with me. \"CRAZY BITCH!\" He shouted before pulling out his knife and raising it up A gunshot echoed into the air before he could strike, \"What The FUCK Is Going On?!\" A familiar voice shouted \"Boss! I was just...\" He started quickly getting up off me \"Rock who is the person you brought to replace you?\" She asked while Rock came with the other end of the rope tied around his hand \"YUP! She's all yours!\" He happily yelled pulling me on my knees before forcing my head up, \"Isn't she just a doll?\" He asked I spit out the piece of flesh right at the feet of their boss with the blood still dripping from my lips I refused to look at her or anyone else for that matter as I stared at the sky thinking to myself \" Maybe if you say quiet Rock's life could be forfeited\" Sadly enough that didn't work as the woman leaned down to my level trying to get a good look in my eyes while I tried to look away or pass her. She ran her hand through my hair down to my cheek slowly going down to my neck and slowly making her way over to my shoulder getting a good look at my tattoo before getting close to my ear. \"It's been a long time Tobias. Do you even remember me?\" She whispered near my ear before getting up, \"Rock you're good...for now just get your shit and get the fuck out of here.\" She said trying to get the other end of the rope \"Now slow down, I ask can we renegotiate my life is part of it but so is the safety of my camp.\" He said \"Fine none of my guys will attack but there's no grantee that someone else isn't gonna fucked up your base. Remember dick head I'm just a small branch in a major shit show I wouldn't be surprised if someone else didn't scope you, dumbasses, out already.\" She said taking the rope away from Rock \"Fuck no! Look at what that bitch did to my ear! I think we should just burn that damn camp to the ground.\" The guy yelled \"Shut the fuck up you obviously provoked her if you would have just left her alone she wouldn't have bit the fuck out of you...just fuck off before I have to teach your ass some manners.\" She said \"Manners for a useless sorry worthless bitch like her? Are you sure about that Warden?\" He asked \"Worthless?! You idiots actually worship this bitch.\" Rock said with a slight giggle \"Shut up Rock!\" She said \"Why don't you say hi to your family Tobias or should I call you by your nickname Tarantula?\" He asked laughing while I looked away \"GET OUT! Before I get rid of you myself.\" She said \"Fine. Fine. Fine. Oh yeah, she goes by Erica now hopefully that'll get her attention a little better, \" He said starting to get into his car, \"And one more thing I'll take real good care of Megan for you.\" He said laughing before driving away \"What a second did he just call her...?\" One of the guys started \"She's staying with me, isn't that right Tobias? Tobias?! TOBIAS!?\" She shouted I didn't care where I ended up. I didn't care with who. I was more worried about Rock's plans with Megan more than anything else I was facing. As I felt the rope pulling me without words or logical thoughts in my mind I got up and allowed my legs to go wherever the rope was leading me. Nothing was absolute or grounded in reality anymore my tunnel vision blocked out everything that was going on around me as I felt my arms being raised over my head and my feet being slowly lifted off the ground. \"ERICA!?\" The woman yelled snapping me out of my thoughts \"Who are you?\" I asked \"How could you forget your first girlfriend?\" She asked taking off her mask[Chapter 16] Today was just draining on all counts from me finally giving in to my desires and emotions with a kiss to feeling completely betrayed to now clinching on to the one thing that changed everything. After she basically told me I never mattered to her and everything was a complete lie, I headed back to the room only to find it destroyed everything was all over the room our pillows were cut open books with tared pages drenched in flammable liquid and bags dumped out and cut to pieces and the mattresses flipped over and cut out. They clearly didn't know or didn't care that I was staying with her and my stuff got ruined too it didn't matter. But what did matter was a black notebook that I found in the folds of her mattress she formatted it as if it was a personal diary. She wrote everything she could from how her day was to how she was feeling to how she saw others especially me. Large sections of her writing were majority comparisons of me and her deceased wife I knew she was obsessed but more than half the book was me and her until it did stop she did see me for me. She did start developing feelings for me and the reason she was holding back the reason she refused to pursued those emotions was that because she was afraid. By saying all the stuff and pushing me away it was her way of keeping me safe she knew I'd follow her and take her side but she also knew about Rock's changing behavior. She was scared of his retaliation and the why he'd use me to hurt her so she did it for him beating him to the punch. I felt helpless laying there unable to do nothing but knowing her feels were now crystal clear made my mind feel at some ease. \"Megan! Can we talk please!\" DJ yelled banging at the room \"About what exactly?!\" I yelled \"Rock...Rock was trying to set me up, he wanted me to kill her,\" Dj sadly said I slowly cracked open the door, \"And did you?\" I asked \"Would...would Chad want me to?\" He asked His nervous disposition caused me to open the door and as soon as I did he wouldn't stop crying it must have just drained him pulling the trigger with all the grift and hatred that almost blinded him completely. It took a while for him to stop crying it out he ended up passing out in my arms before I could get a solid answer. After making sure he'd be okay I went around looking for the answer only to get the cold shoulder from everyone since the secret was out that I knew everybody all but turned their back on me until a crowd started to gather near the front door. \"YOUR HERO IS HOME!\" Rock shouted walking through the halls like a bigshot \"HERO!? YOU FUCKED US ALL!\" I yelled \"I saved your life you should be fucking grateful I turned that bitch in,\" He said \"So she is alive? DJ didn't kill her,\" I happily said \"He didn't have the guts to kill her so I took her back to the shithole she crawled out of and in return, I get to keep you and everyone here safe,\" He said \"But at what cost Rock? What makes you think anybody could trust you anymore? What promises can you make that'll make everybody forget this? She's right you sold your soul it's only a matter of time now and since you got rid of her running through this place will be even easier. DJ will never be the same and I don't know what you think is gonna happen with you and me but whatever is going on in that twisted mind of yours it's not gonna happen,\" I said \"Would you rather go with her? She's the one who started all of this!\" He said \"She didn't know! She never knew or cared about the aftermath of her actions this is the first and only time she ever saw the consequences of her actions. She didn't know she'd hurt so many people and the one woman she admired would be taken away from her but you didn't know that. None of you knew that well I'm glad she wrote it all down for you dumbasses, \" I said throwing the notebook at Rock before walking away 'WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU GOING?!\" He shouted \"I'm going to go find her!\" I replied before pushing my way out of the crowd When I got to my room nothing matter while I started grabbing one of the lesser damaged bags and started packing before noting DJ looking at me sitting up on the bed, \"I'm sorry,\" He said \"What for?\" I asked sitting down beside him sitting my bag near my feet \"I wanted to. I really thought it was for the best but when she said I'm only doing Rock's dirty work it made me question my own motives. How did she know what was going through his head?\" He asked \"She's been through all of this before and it isn't a surprise to her anymore,\" I said \"Do you think she's mad at me?\" He asked \"She'd be proud of you but having her rot away with those sickos isn't right,\" I replied \"So what are you going to do?\" He asked \"I'm gonna go find her and bust her out,\" I said \"Do you have a clue where she might be?\" He asked \"Nope and I'm not even gonna try to get any answers from Rock but I never forgot where one of their bases is, so I'm checking there first you know if you want you could...\" I started \"No. I wanna know how far Rock is gonna go with this and you need somebody on the inside. He's unstable I don't what he's gonna do next but I wanna see if I can stop it from the inside out. You have to find her help her through whatever shit show that's going on with her and her pass I honestly think you're the only one capable of doing that I'll create a distraction you just get the fuck out of here.\" DJ said \"I'll miss you,\" I said \"Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No use in getting all musy now ","Summary":" \"Yeah just right before she takes the oath so it'll be a clear message right? Is the money in my a"},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"this follows the kissing scene in the end","Author":"the romantic girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6955187","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Sophie and Charlie were kissing, people from the wedding approached. Most of them were laughing about how the guy could lay there. Some of the older women were sighing over the love that emerged from the couple. Most important were that Lorenzo and Claire, hand in hand, were contemplating the couple with affection. \"Charlie, I think we better give them an explanation\" said Sophie with rosy cheeks \"Nah, I think I better lay here for a while so you can continue to kiss me\" pleaded Charlie \"No I won't give you that satisfaction\". She removed her lips from the adorable mouth of her soul mate and stood up. \"Now you see, my dear Claire, Charlie made the stupid Romeo and climbed up those branches. When he wanted to kiss me, he fell. Of course, that didn't take off his charm\" said Sophie with mischief. \"My dear child, I'm so glad that you find each other at last. I couldn't have wished for a better granddaughter-in-law\". Claire laid a careful hand on Sophie's cheek and smiled. \"And me also, we should have the wedding here\" added Lorenzo with his charming Italian accent. \"Hey, could nobody care for me down here, I feel like I have broken every bone in my body\" tried Charlie. \"Wait, you were serious in saying that you could move only your lips\". Sophie became nervous and her eyebrows were lowered. \"We must take you into hospital immediately then!\" \"Wait, where is the nearest hospital?\" asked Claire Lorenzo. \"One hour from here, but we can call the ambulance, he will be here in 20 min\". Lorenzo walked away to find the phone and the wedding guests were dispersing, with worries on their faces. Claire told everybody that everything was made and they didn't have to worry. It was just to return eating. Italians for the most part, agreed to this, saying to themselves that actually the English boy was taken care off. At the same time, Sophie has leaned down to soothe Charlie. It was more of soothing herself than him. \"My love, you shouldn't have done that, I could have come down you know!\" \"But Soph, it was more fun that way and I could tell this amazing phrase \"only my lips\" which I thought was brilliant. Even you, love, couldn't have thought something like that!\" He smiled at the idea of Sophie being jealous of him. \"No if you have allowed me too.\" Sophie said with a laugh.[Chapter 2] Twenty minutes later, the ambulance was here to fetch him. Sophie declared to come with him and Claire asked to be informed about everything. She said that she would come when the guests had left and was disposed to come. The ride took indeed an hour and during that time, Sophie was talking to Charlie all the way although kissing was the favourite activity. At the hospital, Charlie was taken to the experts of bone. Sophie was left to sit in the waiting hall. After one hour or two, a doctor came out to speak with Sophie. The doctor was a long man with long black hair and small eyes. \" Your boyfriend is mine. Luckily nothing is broken, apparently with the help of angels, but he need rest and must stay here some days. I hope it is no problem? \"No I thank you. I expected the very worst and now you say that everything is fine. Thank you\". Sophie jumped into the arms of the doctor and gave him a happy hug. \"Well thank you lady. You may go to him. He waits for you\" said the doctor with a laugh. Sophie went in into the room and looked into the room. The walls were painted in a smooth yellow and gave a comfortable impression. It was better though, she thought, because her love one was laying on the big bed that was there, half naked and with this white bandage for the back. She smiled and sighed with relief as she approached the bed. \"Finally! I was starting to think you never come.\" said Charlie with a tired voice. \" The hours have been like days. The doctor said that you need to stay a few days and then you can leave.\" Assured Sophie \"Sophie, I am going to love you till the day I die and beyond. I love you so much but we need to call Nana to inform her that I am alive and in love.\" He smiled and laughed happily. \" I love you too. Let's do it right away. She took her cell phone and sat on the edge of the bed. While she waiting to get through, Charlie was gently caressing her back. He was in love with this woman. He couldn't get enough of her hair, this soft skin and the curve of her shoulders. He reminded himself that he was could to kiss this shoulders soon. He smiled at the idea. He was going to show her that English could be as passionate as Italians. How could know that disdain could turn into love. He realised now he had liked her from the beginning. It was just the fact that this beautiful, American woman could hurt his grandmother. And the liking had beginning to grow. He wanted to take her into bed that night when she coldly bade him \"good night\". He had to control and to remind himself that she was engaged to another man. And finally, she was his forever. Sophie brought him back to reality with her gentle voice. \"Claire is going to come over later. She and Lorenzo are bringing flowers and wine. She the flowers, he the wine of course. \" I don't want any wine or flowers, I just have some decent \"tunning tea around here.\" Muttered he angrily \"Honey, when you go to London, you can make your provisions with tea. But I'm pretty sure that we had that sort of tea in the US also.\" \"Well about that, can't you join me when I can go back to London? You can see where I live and we can do some sightseeing before I move to the Americas.\" \"Me? To London? Oh Charlie, I love to!\"Sophie leaned and hugged the lying Charlie. He let out a scream of pain, which caused Sophie to lean back and fell guilty. He excused himself by taking her face with his hands and approaching her face for a kiss. He then moved to her forehead, her nose, her cheeks, her ear and moving down to her throat where the soft skin felt like cherry. Sophie sighed and put a hand on the naked chest. The couple were interrupted by the sound of Claire's voice.[Chapter 3] \"They are left alone and they are still kissing,\" said she with laughter in her voice. In her arms was a big bouquet of lilies, Charlie's mother favourite flowers. Behind came Lorenzo with the wine. The assembly spend a happy evening together with wine and memories. After Claire and Lorenzo have retired and gone back home, Sophie and Charlie spent their evening dreaming. The nurses have prepared a provisory bed for Sophie to use during Charlie's days at the hospital. She contented herself with anything if that meant to stay with Charlie. She couldn't understand how she fell in love with Victor and if it ever was love at all. Victor was selfish, self-important, and sour. \"Is there anything wrong, love?\" Asked Charlie \"No. I was just thinking of Victor\" \"How come you were thinking of him?\" \"I thought that he was everything you were not. He was just thinking of his damn restaurant all the time. He couldn't see me properly\". Her mouth was curved angrily and her eyes full of sorrow. Charlie raised his hands to her lips to erase this unhappy mouth. She responded by taking his hand and putting it on her cheek. \"Darling, you don't have to think about him anymore\" \"But I need to. You see, I thought I was in love with him. We met in an Italian restaurant, of all places. I got spaghetti when I should have been served salad and he got my meal. We started talking about food, culture and three months he proposed to me. I agreed and he told me he was going to open his own restaurant. I was excited and told him I didn't need a ring since he should spend the money on the restaurant. I proposed a break so the restaurant could manage itself and plus he needed to contact the delivers. You know the rest of the story.\" Sophie smiled at him. \"I am going to get you a ring. Whatever ring you want, we can make one right now.\" He took a lily from the vase and removed the flower so only the rest was left. He rolled it as to make a ring and put on Sophie's finger. \"That is better.\" He looked at Sophie in the eyes. \"Sophie, you are the only woman that can make me happy, except granny of course, I love you with all my beating heart. Do you want to marry me?\" Sophie didn't have to wait very long before she knew what to answer. \"Yes! YES! Oh I love you Charlie Wyman.\" She laughed happily and rose to put a tender kiss on his lips. \"Then it is settled. Come with me to London and I going to tell everybody on Piccadilly Circus that you are mine.\"[Chapter 4] On The next day Charlie was able to sit up a bit more and after three more days he was almost running a marathon. He and Sophie were impatient to start their new life. They hired a car to see Claire and Lorenzo who were very happy to see Charlie recovered. They spent the rest of the night there, talking and eating, as there was no tomorrow. The next day, after goodbyes full of promises and happiness, Charlie and Sophie went to the airport, ready for the next flight to London Heathrow. On the plane, Sophie was a bit nervous, a little fear of fright soon overcome by the gentle voice of Charlie. \"So here we are at last.\" Started Charlie. \"Yes. It took some time to get here.\" Answered Sophie \"What do you want to see in London?\" \" Anything you like. I have only one requirement. The national Gallery. I long to see it. But you see, I am more interested to see what you have been. Your favourite restaurant, the place where you work, where you live…\" \"Ah I see. You are going to see all those things and more.\" \"Wait. How long time are we expected to spent there?\" \"For as long as we want it. As long as you want it.\" They arrived and went to take their bags. They caught a black and travelled to city to deposit their things at Charlie's place. Charlie's flat was located near Piccadilly Circus, a spacious flat with view over London. When entering the door, Sophie could see to the left the spacious room that was living room and dining room combined. The living room was made of a black big couch together with one armchair in the same tone and a big TV facing them all. A large wooden table with comfortable chairs were positioned behind the couch. On the right Sophie could see two doors. The first one was the bathroom and the second was Charlie's bedroom. One could see the kitchen by the open arch that separated the living/dining room with the kitchen. Sophie felt that if Charlie had loved to live her, it will be with some regrets that he will leave this flat. \"You know Charles, I love your apartment\" Exclaimed Sophie \"Well actually, honey, it is named flat around here\" Corrected Charlie. \"Oh right. Is there anything you want to bring from here? If there are, I cold remove some of my stuff.\" \"There is nothing here that I want to bring with me except perhaps my clothes and photos. This flat has been witness to both sorrow and grief. I have lived here for five years. Five years without you. After we said goodbye, Granny urged me to run to you. But when I arrived in Verona, you were with Victor. So I left. After that, I left Italy for England where I passed a few weeks in misery, convinced that I should forget you.\" He lowered his head in the memory. \"My dear Charlie, if I had seen you when you came to Verona, I should have dropped Victor and run to meet you.\" She put a hand on his cheek. He looked up and smiled at her. \" When Claire said she was going to marry her Alonzo, I went to Italy to prepare for the marriage. And that day, when I saw you, I was happy again. So happy to mention that Patricia was actually my cousin and not my former ex. When granny read your letter, I was trying to make you understand that I felt so too. Did you saw it?\" \"I didn't say it. I was trying to maintain a happy face for Claire when I had the knowledge that you were with Patricia. This time it was me that thought that I lost you. But then, I hadn't\". She smiled at him and their eyes were full of love. If a machine of love could see how much love our body contain, then their bodies were surely filled of love for each other. The passion made them unite for a kiss. After a while, they decided to go downtown for dinner.[Chapter 5] Words can vaguely describe what Sophia and Charlie did the following days. They went to National Gallery, Piccadilly Circus (where Charlie didn't shout his love), Trafalgar Square, and Buckingham palace. They also visited Charlie's workplace. If his colleagues were sad of his departure, they were exceedingly glad of his reason. Sophie met them all and everybody liked her. Charlie was pleased and bragged about his future wife. When they were back to the flat, they decided to stay there and eat the content of the fridge. When it was time for bed, Charlie became nervous. \"Hey, Soph, you are not those tricky women who insists to make love after the wedding, aren't you?\" \"Charlie! I am a modern woman! I am at your disposal for the entire night.\" She started to unbutton her dress until Charlie stopped her and declared that he would do that himself. He was gently kissing her shoulders as the dress dropped to the floor. Sophie unbuttoned his shirt to reveal the muscular torso behind it. She caressed the skin as to fix the sensations to her skin while Charlie was taking off the bra. The sight that followed made him to stare. She was the most beautiful woman he ever seen. Sophie shared the same feeling about Charlie. She compared him to an angel. He looked unreal, the perfection itself. They were only able to stare at each other as they were standing in their underwear. Finally, Charlie put one arm under Sophie's knees and the other behind her back to carry her on the bed. \"I am going to make you into a mermaid, begging for more\" Sophie raised an eyebrow. \"I thought that the mermaids seduced the men and not the opposite.\" She smiled playfully. \"Yeah, yeah, you understand my meaning.\" He leaned down to kiss her and then moved downwards to the breasts. He first touched them with his hand, a gesture that made her shiver, and, pleased, started to kiss every inch of them. He gently bit her nipples, which made her sight of pleasure. She put her left hand into his hair, feeling the soft touch against her fingers. She moved her right hand back and forth his back, admiring the working oh his muscles. He took off her knickers. He kissed her on the lips while she removed his underwear. He was still kissing her lips when he entered her. And then, the magic began. He was more passionate now to the surprise of Sophie. He was murmuring her name over and over again. They were both shouting, \"I love you\" when they reached the stars.[Chapter 6] Sophie was in heaven. Here she was, in London, in bed with her Romeo and have discovered her love's secret. He was a magnificent lover. Even Victor didn't succeed in bringing her to that level of happiness. She kissed his lips before putting her hand on his chest. Charlie smiled from ear to ear. He couldn't be happier. It has discovered the power of giving pleasure to a loved woman. He wasn't going to stop that for a very long time. The next morning, Sophie was eating breakfast early in the morning. Charlie had kept her awake more than once that night. She woke up before him, unable to wake him from his peacefully sleep. She had gone down to the nearest grocery store to buy bread. She smiled when she heard quiet steps behind her. \"You are up early!\" Charlie leaned down to kiss her on lips. \"I didn't want to wake you. See, I have bought bread and the water is warm for you tea.\" \"You are a gift from heaven! So, what do you want to do today?\" Sophie looked down. \"Actually, I got a call from my dad. I told him about you and he wanted to meet you. I have actually an intense wish to go back home.\" He looked at her. \"I understand. As it pains me to say this, I have to stay here to fix some final things before I can come to Big Apple. We need only to be parted a week and then I am back to you.\" \"I understand. I will survive.\" She smiled and he sat down to eat breakfast. Sophie felt to take back her words when she had to say goodbye to Charlie at the airport. She had not left him a single second since Claire's marriage. Now she had to sleep without him for a week. He comforted her by saying that they would never be separated after this. The travel was painful and dull without Charlie. When she opened the door of her apartment, she could now say apartment, she felt the noisy silence in the room. She consoled herself by the knowledge that he soon come back to her[Chapter 7] 6 months later No she had indeed no waited long. He came, one week later, with his clothes and his impatience. Sophie was now walking down the aisle, to marry her one true love. It was as promised in Italy and the family was gathered. Her father was holding her hand. He exploded with pride over his only daughter. She was going to marry Charlie, a nice fellow he had learned to love and respect as his own son. Charlie was waiting for his bride near the priest. He was only looking at Sophie, the deep love in his eyes. Sophie smiled and was glowing with happiness. She had arrived at Charlie's side and took his hand. He kissed her on the lips before the ceremony continued. They ran out of the church under a rain of rise and confetti. He stopped to turn to his wife and looked her in the eyes. \"Are you happy now?\" asked he. \"Yes.\" She kissed him and assured him that she was going to stay happy forever.[Chapter 8] 2 months later \"Wake up Charlie\" \"No, I don't want to.\" \"Yes, You have to.\" This scene takes place in New York. Charlie and Sophie are lying on their immense bed in their new bedroom in their flat (or apartment as Sophie says). After the marriage, The love couple went on tour in Europe as their honeymoon. With no more than their clothes and backpacks, they went to France, Germany, Denmark, Sweden and then back to the states. They had no fixed patterns, no desired countries to visit. They relaxed and took it day-by-day. Well back to the States, Charlie had only to look once at Sophie's flat to decide that he wanted to move. The flat was cosy and charming but he wanted something bigger, with more spaces and more rooms. Sophie consented to it at last and they took some furniture into the new home. This flat was more spacious. From the entrance, one could go in the kitchen trough the open door to the left To reach the living room, one has to walk along the small corridor until one can see the living room full with light. Two huge windows face the city and the morning sun. The dining room is place behind the living room so to go from the kitchen to the dining room, one have to walk by the couch and the TV to the right, an inevitable attraction. The bedrooms are located to the right of the kitchen with one bathroom intersecting with the two bedrooms side by side. \"Come on Charlie. It is your first day at work. The people there are going to be so kind and friendly to you,\" said Sophie. He was so pride and brave in other cases, why did he have to be so scared now? \"Americans are known to be friendly people.\" \"Yeah I know but they love to talk. I haven't met one American who doesn't love to talk. We British people learn to appreciate silence. Anyway, I would rather stay in bed with you,\" answered Charlie with a smile. \"Oh yeah? Then you are going to be disappointed because I am going to make some coffee now. I won't live another second without it. Should I set the water for the tea?\" Sophie made a move to go to the wardrobe when she was stopped by Charlie's hand on her waist. \"Wait! Stay with me, please. I am so lonely here,\" pleaded Charlie. He looked so cute and Sophie could never resist cute faces. She let him pull her back to the bed where he kissed her passionately. But he was stopped ten seconds later by Sophie, fleeing out of his arms, which caused him a sigh of frustration. Sophie laughed and went to dress herself. Charlie followed her with his eyes until she left the room. He dropped back on the cushions with a smile of contentment. Oh he had her in tight grip indeed! They completed each other perfectly, especially in the morning. He loved to snooze while she went up directly at the first alarm tone. He loved her too much to be irritated at it. He had, none the less, a work to go to so he dressed quickly. In the kitchen, the toaster was busy. Both he and Sophie weren't much of breakfast people so they each ate some toasts and a cup of coffee or tea. It has quickly become routine for them and they were comfortable with it. Another routine was the breakfast in the dining room with the TV on. They listened to the morning news with a sigh at some horrible news and a smile with a positive info. Today was something new. Charlie had from his work in London, good recommendations from his boss. He applied to several places and everyone accepted him. He just had to pick and choose. He finally decided for a small and successful company 10 min with taxi (without any traffic). He felt that the atmosphere was positive and that the people were happy and contended. Today was the first official day with the company. He had visited it before to absorb and observe the energy and the mentality of the company. The job was very well paid too so he couldn't ask for less. Sophie was happy for Charlie too. She knew how much he would miss London and his colleagues when he moved in here. She hoped that his new work would be to his expectations. She had to rush. \"Hey honey, I have to go. Be a good boy now and we will se each other at dinner.\" She kissed him goodbye and disappeared through the door. \"I won't!\" shouted he after her. The days went by easily. Charlie determined that the work was something good after all. His colleagues weren't as talkative as he had predicted. He quickly became an object of attraction to the numerous secretaries and females colleagues because of his British accent. He enjoyed the attention and then crushed their dreams when they were told that he was married. They did however not cry too long because they renewed their flattery the day after. After all, forbidden fruit is more dangerously attractive than legal fruit. Sophie on the hand was very successful with her stories. The New Yorker was never so popular as it was now. It was like people wanted to read about happiness and happy endings. Sophie provided them the satisfaction of feeling happy with their life and life in general. She became so successful that she received her own column. Charlie was so pride that he read aloud the all article to his colleagues at work. Sophie gradually became more confident with her work and accepted that Charlie would marvel at her stories until the world ends. Victor was too distracted to compliment her writing. It took is as a fact and never actually really saw her writing. She reflected now and observed that he had never really listened to her at any time. Their first date was marked by Victor interrupting her by complimenting the restaurant for their good food. He loved to talk about himself. This was a trait she now forgiven. He was, she realised, an artist and artist were known to be lunatic and impatient. Sophie didn't know if this was true for all artists but it matched in Victor's case. Sophie had actually met the man in question some days ago. She was gone to buy some bagels and passed his restaurant. She went in by curiosity and discovered a restaurant filled with customers. The restaurant breathed of elegance and refinement. She had always loved his idea and was enchanted that everything has worked out best for him. She went in the direction of the kitchens before some nearby waiter stopped her. Probably new she thought because everyone knew her there. She did however not flinch and asked the waiter to call for Victor from her. It didn't take 5 min for the chef to receive her. Victor walked out of the kitchen with his full uniform. He looked as handsome as ever. The only difference was his haircut, cut short and masculine. \"Sophie, my dear Sophie, it is so nice to meet you!\" he took her in his arms for a friendly hug. \"Hey Victor. You are as lucky as ever I see,\" replied Sophie. \"This is crazy, I have customers all the time. They won't stop from coming. I would really enjoy a break sometimes, said Victor with a theatrical sigh \"No you won't. You love actions. You would cook in your sleep if you could, \" answered Sophie with a laugh. \"Yeah you're right\", admitted Victor. He looked at her more attentively this time. \" Oh Caspita Sophie! You look wonderful!\" \"You don't look bad either. How are you nowadays?\" \"I am good. I have so much to do with the restaurant that I can't breath!\" Victor looked happy. Sophie felt that he was a free soul; he needed to settle his own rules and fly free before he accepted someone else. She felt a rush of affection toward him. She had always liked him and hoped that they would stay friends in the future. \"I am so happy for you Victor but I actually have to rush. You are certainly very occupied too I imagine. But we will stay in touch, will we not? I don't want to lose your friendship.\" \"No Sophie. You can count on me. The secrets recipes are great success. Everyone wants to how I cook it. But I say to them that the secrets will go with me to the grave.\" He smiled. \"I am so glad. Take care of yourself Victor.\" She kissed him on the cheek and left the restaurant and left as happy as a fish in the sea. She rushed home, home to Charlie.[Chapter 9] Sophie had some suspicions since a while but today she was sure of it. She couldn't wait for Charlie to go home so she went to the local grocery store to buy some ingredients for her famous chicken served with mushrooms and French cheese. She had come home early to cook and prepare the dinner. On the table lied two plates with a single candlestick. She wanted it as perfect as possible. She kept the suspense by writing a card explaining the reason for this entire circus. She was too scared to say it aloud so she would observe his expression instead. When he finally came home, she was exhausted. He smiled at the smell of the food and went into the kitchen with a big question mark on his head. \"Hello love. What is all this about?\" he came forward to kiss her. \"This,\" indicating the stove,\" is my speciality. Roasted Chicken with mushrooms and French cheese.\" \" Can I taste some?\" Curious, he went forward to dip a finger into the pan. Sophie smashed his hand on his finger to stop him doing it. \" Absolutely not!\" was her reply. \"You are such a killjoy. Now, you didn't answer my question. What it is this all about?\" Sophie was prepared for this question. She bit nervously on her lower lip and went to take the envelope. \"Well, I have something important to tell you. Let's sit on the couch. Or more exactly, I have something to show you.\" Intrigued, Charlie sat on the couch with the eyes in Sophie's eyes. She sat down too and gave her the envelope. He smiled and ripped it open impatiently. Sophie could imagine how he was as a kid, opening the Christmas presents. Charlie could read the following message: Charlie, I love you. You are everything to me. I thought happiness took two people but apparently it takes one more. In his energy, he hadn't quite understood the message. What was she saying? Sophie filled the gap. \"We are going to have a baby!\" Sophie smiled and it took some time for Charlie to react. But when he did, the fireworks were on. \"SOPHIE! This is the most fantastic thing that have ever happened to me!\" he laughed happily and lifted Sophie high in the air. Sophie laughed too and all her fears were swept away by Charlie's reaction. He kissed her gently first and then more passionately till it consumed them both. No matter how good the chicken was that night, it was not eaten during all the evening. It was some months after that Sophie learned that she had twins growing inside of her. Charlie was even more happy now, knowing he will get not only one but two children at once. They agreed on keeping the gender secret. They revised now on which names to take. The choices were open. Claire and Lorenzo were of course informed. Claire was in heaven. She was to have great grandchildren. Charlie and Sophie proposed them to come over to see the babies once they would be born. A proposition that was immediately accepted. The days, the weeks went by. Sophie had this nausea known to every woman that has been pregnant to Charlie's greatest distress. He was the best possible nurse, worrying if she went in stairs and laughing when he felt the babies kicking. Sophie had an obsession for vanilla ice cream. Poor Charlie had numerous times been to the local supermarket and bought the wrong sort, which caused Sophie to cry floods of tears. The D-day finally came. Sophie laid on the sofa, watching pretty woman she felt the water go. She made her way to the phone to call Charlie. He panicked and assured her that he would be there in 15 min. She said it was too late and that she would call for an ambulance. She advised him to come home and pack a bag. She would be fine. Well at the hospital, she was sent directly to one room. She screamed to the doctors that she wouldn't start without her husband. She didn't have to worry because he was soon there, at her side. The process was long and painful. Charlie held her hand the all time, murmuring supporting words to her. After three hours, she gave life to two healthy boys. Charlie laughed and watched his two sons with eyes full of unconditional love. He loved them already and loved their mother already too much. He cursed every man who didn't want this. This was heaven. The boys were put on their mother's big stomach. They quickly found the food. Sophie watched them with affection and forgot all her pain. Moments later, the boys and the mother was refreshed and put into a room. Claire and Lorenzo were told of the happy outcome and the couple said they were to come the day after. Sophie and Charlie were now in the room. \"Sophie my love, you can not make me happier than I am now. Here we are with two beautiful sons in our hands.\" \"Yes indeed. I love you so much. Hey, our roles have exchanged places. I am on the hospital bed now and you are beside it.\" \"Indeed we are. I think Harry and Ewan will be very happy to have us as parents. I mean, look at them. The exact portrait of their father.\" The couple smiled at their sons. \"Charlie, I love you.\" \"Sophie Wyman, I love you too.\"[Chapter 10] The very ( exciting I don't know) to the fanfic of Charlie and Sophie's happy life. One year had gone since the birth of their sons. Harry and Ewan were in this first of december taking their first steps. Sophie was in the kitchen, making dinner when suddenly she saw two shadows coming to the kitchen. The two shadows were the twins, hand in hand and walking like they had done this all their life. She shouted after Charlie and the later emerged in the kichen, with fear in his eyes, threading for some accident. Instead, he saw his wife pointing in chock at his sons walking along the kitchen, with a wide grin on their faces, like they were amused of the situation. \" They are walking, honey. They are walking! Fetch the camera! We must record this!\" \" Yes, yes. Right away.\" This was four years ago. The twins had grown since, thought Sophie. What wonderful catastrophes had happened along the years. She remembered a year, when the twins had destroyed the living room carpet. Arguing about who could try Charlie's costly perfume first, they had slipped out of Harry's hand and crashed on the carpet. Charlie had been mad but in the end relieved of being deliberated on the old carpet that nobody wanted but had no energy to replace. A quick trip to IKEA had replaced to the new carpet and added also a few other things to the design of the apartment. Sophie was thinking of this in the car. She became nostalgic when important events happened. Today for example was the twins first school day in first grade. Kindergarten was behind and the twins were very excited about this. Charlie had taken the day off from work to participate on this special event. Sophie looked at his husband. It has gone 6 years and she couldn't love him more. The blond hair was still a delight to caress on late nights in front of the tv and his handsome face was still a joy to look at. She thought of how life would have been with Victor and her face became serious. \" What is the problem, my love?\" Charlie took her hand in his and she smiled at him. \" Nothing. I was just thinking of something sad. But no worries, I'm fine.\" She lowered her voice and approached her lips to his ear. \" I rejoice in the idea that we are gonna spend the day together.\" Charlie smiled and kissed her hand. \" I am too, as soon as we can leave these two monkeys.\" \" Who do you treat of monkey, dad?\" Ewan's light voice was heard in the back. \" Oh I'm sorry. I forget that you were one.\" Ewan rolled his eyes and sighed. \"Very funny dad.\" Sophie started to giggle, soon followed by Harry and with domino effect, everyone laughed even Ewan, quickly forgiving of the insult earlier. The twins were very different and very similar, thought Sophie. Ewan was the outgoing one, very energetic and always eager to play at whatever game he is proposed. Harry is more silent, more observant and quiet. But they both liked football and were very closed like every twin in the world. Charlie and she tried not to favor anyone but it was difficult because they had their little favourite. Harry liked his mother better and often helped out with the dinner. Ewan prefered to stay with his father, in his office, where he played with his racing cars. The twins adored their parents and didn't hide it. Now they began elementary school. It was not long ago that I changed their diapers, thought Sophie. Soon I will probably watch them leave for university. They dropped off the boys at their school, said hello to their teacher and were now totally alone. The silent suprised them, as they were used to the constant noise the twins made. They decided to walk, just walk. They were free from work today, free from worries.[Chapter 11] They left the car at parking nearby and walked. They walked fast, like it was the custom in New York. They soon arrived to Times Square. The place was never empty and at eight in the morning, it was full of stressed businessmen going to the office, mothers taking their children to kindergarten and tired teenagers that rushed through the crowd, late for school. Sophie and Charlie stopped just to contemplate the magnificent square and watch the recent news on the big screen in front of them. Sophie remembered a day she stood at the exact spot. She was on the phone with Robert Beal and researching about a kiss. She was younger then and more afraid. Just an ordinary fact-checker, too scared to write. Well, fate had changed that, thought she and her mouth formed into a wide smile. Charlie turned away from the crowd and looked at her with one eyebrow raised. \" What are you smiling at? I hope it is not the attractive man over there,\" mentioning a man that was staring at Sophie a few meters away. \" No, not him. I was thinking of a memory. You know I told about the kiss in Times Square that I researched about? Well, I stood exactly here that day. Strange coincidence, don't you think? \" Wow that is even extraordinary. I couldn't think that possible.\" His attention was lost when he saw two beautiful women walking by. Sophie frowned and waved her hand in front of his face, to remind him that he was supposed to look at her. He gave her a Hollywood smile and she laughed, taking him in for a kiss. \" Your little rat. I wonder why I married you.\" \"Probably because I am the handsomest and most irresistible man you have ever seen?\" suggested Charlie with a satisfied look on his face. \"That was not why.\" She laughed when she saw him frown. \"Okay, that was why.\" \"I knew it. Come, let's continue.\" They walked away from Times Square and wandered about. They looked at the multitude of stores that decorated the streets and smiled at each other goofily, too happy to be otherwise. They arrived to Central Park and sat down on a bench. Sophie took off her high heels and laid her naked feet on Charlie's lap. She smiled when he started to caress them, enjoying the timeless legs that made him mad of love. \"Sophie?\" \"Yes Charlie?\" He hesitated one moment. He did not know how to say this without hurting her too much. She would be devastated but he knew she would accept it in the end. He just had to say it. Sorry for the cliff-hanger there. It is just so exciting to keep the continuation hidden. And you won't find it yet because the end is in my head.[Chapter 12] He inhaled in deeply and closed his eyes. \"Claireissick.\" \"What?\" Sophie looked at him with big eyes. \"Claire is sick.\" He said each word slowly like he wanted to persuade himself it was true. \"No, she is deadly sick.\" Sophie looked at him with shocked eyes before her tears came and Charlie took her in his arms. He was whispering soft words in her ears and rocked like she used to do with the boys when they were sad. He understood her pain and some tears came to his eyes when he remembered the moment when he had got the phone call from Lorenzo. Charlie could hear the pain in his voice and the gravity of the situation. He had finished the call calmly, had looked at the frame on his desk where Claire and Lorenzo were smiling from a picture taken two years before. Charlie had searched in one of his drawers where he found the \"emergency whisky\" and swallowed an entire glass without thinking. He refused to take a second, thinking of his wife and boys at home. He would not want them to see him drunk and desperate. Sophie calmed herself and dried off some tears with her hand. \"Charlie, what does she have?\" \"Cancer. A tumour has formed in her brain and when they discovered it, it was too late for any operation. It is just to wait and…\" His voice broke and he looked away. Sophie caressed his cheeks and lowered her lips to his. He reacted immediately and kissed her back, with extreme softness. The kiss was a message of sorrow, love and comfort. When they finally parted from each other, she put her forehead on his and looked him deep in the eyes. \"We are going to get through this. You can ask a few days off and we will return to Tuscany to be at her side. The boys need to see their great-grandma and you need to see your grandma.\" \"Yes, I will have no problem to liberate myself from work. The problem is what we will tell the boys. They must know the truth. They love her as much as I do.\" \"We'll found out. Come, let's walk. I want to be at home right now. What's the time?\" \"Twelve o' clock. They finish in three hours. So we have time.\" They walked fast to the apartment, eager to be home and prepare lunch. Well at home, Sophie warmed some soup and cut bread. They ate lunch in silence, both thinking the same thing. Claire's sickness. Claire with her strength and energy could not possibly be sick. They finished lunch quickly and Sophie went for a nap. Charlie washed the dishes and went into the bedroom. He found Sophie deep asleep. He took off his shoes and lied down next to her. She had her back turned at him. He rested one arm across her waist and buried his face in her hair. She mumbled something and took his hand and laid it under her cheek. With the assurance that he had put the alarm, he fell into sleep. Sophie woke up from the beeping sound of the alarm. She looked at the radio on her night table and sighed of relief. It was one hour until the boys ended and she didn't have to hurry. She looked back at the sleeping mass that was her husband. When he was asleep, his boy features came back and she could recognize her sons in him. He must have been adorable as a boy and then she remembered his stubbornness and thought, okay maybe not always adorable. She fell back in the cushions and rested her head a few inches from his. She travelled her hand in his hair, the thickness and the curliness of his blond hair that her sons had inherited; the strong jaw line and the tasty lips. She woke him up with a kiss. He opened his eyes and looked at her. A tired smile grew on his lips and caressed her cheek. \"Hello sweetheart. Could you sleep?\" \"Yes, it was wonderful. I really needed it,\" replied Sophie. \"We need to pick up the boys. We left the car at the parking space. Let's go now and buy something to them. I really feel the need to give them something. It is the first day at school after all. I only got an orange when I came back to school because my mother didn't want me to get wrong ideas by giving me candy. That was what my mother told me. But of course, I got chocolate from my father when I was going to bed. \"Our little secret\" said he. \"What did you got?\" \"My mother had prepared my favourite dessert in the all wide world: blueberry pie with vanilla ice cream. All home made of course. I was the luckiest boy in the world, thought I then. My mother was expert at baking, she could cook as well but she didn't like it. That was my father's area. At that occasion, he had made coca cola chicken with roasted potatoes, also my favourite dish.\" Charlie sighed happily and licked his lips, like he tasted the food right now. This grew an idea in Sophie and she smiled inwards, aware of the big surprise that awaited her \"guys\".[Chapter 13] Sophie let Charlie go to pick up the boys alone. She excused herself by saying that she wanted to be a bit alone. What she really wanted was to run to the nearby store to buy the ingredients she needed for Charlie's favorite dish. Claire was still deathly sick but she wanted to pretend that for one night, everything was fine. Call her selfish but this help to keep the pain from destroying her. When she came back from the supermarket, she looked up the recipe on the Internet. She knew that she would not make it as good as Charlie's mom would make it but she could try. The potatoes were in the over and the chicken on the stove when her family decided to come home. \"Mum! We are home!\" The twins ran into the kitchen, still with their jackets and shoes and were babbling at the same time. \"Our teacher is really pretty…\" started Ewan \"But not as pretty as you Mum!\" finished Harry. \"You had a nice day? Before you tell me, go and take off your shoes and jackets in the hallway. And tell dad that it is forbidden for him to go to the kitchen. I have a surprise for him!\" The boys ran out with a huge grin on their faces, knowing their dad's reaction when he was forbidden to do something he liked. They knew that every day when dad got home, he put his briefcase in the bedroom before he went to the kitchen to kiss mum. Boys at the age of six found it disgusting that parents were kissing each other and the twins were no exception. It felt like mum and dad were kissing each other all the time! In the hallway, Charlie was on his way to the kitchen when twins blocked his way. \"What now?\" Charlie asked. \"Mum said you were forbidden to go to the kitchen because she is preparing a surprise!\" \"What if I say that I give you two sweets now before dinner would you let me pass?\" Edwin turned to Harry and looked at him with one eyebrow raised. They made some silent agreement and turned back to Charlie. \"No. If we obey mum, she will give us more candy than you. Come dad, play with us, please!\" Charlie sighed. Sometimes his boys sounded more grownup than he wanted them to sound. His routine would be have to be broken for today but tomorrow would be back to normal. He felt stupid because he would see Sophie in a moment but he missed putting his arms around her waist and kissing her in the neck. He was dragged to the boys' room and closed the door. Sophie had listened to the little situation outside the kitchen and smiled to herself. Charlie liked to stick to his daily routine. She took out the potatoes from the oven and put them on a serving dish. She laid the table and placed the dish with potatoes on it. The chicken was almost ready. She took the underlay and placed it on the table. When the chicken was ready, she took the stew and placed on the underlay. She looked at her masterpiece. Coca cola chicken with roasted potatoes. She went to Edwin and Harry's bedroom and knocked on the door. The door opened so suddenly that she took a step back. Charlie hurried out and took her in his arms, like he had not seen her in years. He was kissing her like it was the last time he would be kissing her. \"Never do that to me again!\" \"Please Charlie, it was only five minutes.\" She laughed and ran her hands trough his hair. \"Come, dinner is ready.\" She looked over his shoulder and at the boys who were standing behind them with an expression of amusement and disgust. \"Come boys. Let's see how daddy likes his surprise.\"[Chapter 14] How Charlie liked the surprise? Well, it was not difficult to figure it out. Bizarrely Charlie did not remark the special thing about the dish until he took one bite. He was so surprised that the chicken piece came wrong and went for the lungs instead. He chocked to get it out and became red. \"What is this?\" He took a glass of water and drank heartily. \"That was the surprise. That was why I asked the boys to entertain you. Do you…like it?\" \"I love it! It tastes exactly as she did it.\" Sophie was pleased. Her cooking skills weren't all she wanted them to be but she had learnt through the years. \"Who do you mean dad?\" \"Your Grandma, Edwin. She was a wonderful cook. Even though she would never admit it. In the kitchen, she was the queen. I was even afraid to steal cookies from the secret place she used to hide them.\" Edwin and Harry gasped and turned to Sophie in the hope that she would reveal anything where cookies could be found. \"Don't even think about it. I have not even made any so it is useless that you try.\" The twins turned red but nodded to each other with determination in their eyes. Sophie knew that they would do it anyway when she was not looking. She let it pass. There was no way they would find it. She was quite certain. \"She sounds truly fantastic. Compared to mine, she is an angel.\" \"She was. My parents really loved each other. My mother always told me it was love at first sight. \"Can we go mum? We are finished.\" She nodded to them and they ran to their rooms, probably to begin with their plan to steal the cookies. \"Tell me, how did they meet? Oh, wait. Let's sit on the couch. I will take these to the kitchen. No, no stay, I'm fine.\" Charlie went to turn on the TV, hoping to see some happy news. But it was as usual here, murder, disasters, deaths, destructions and all made people scared. It's like what his father always said: \"They like to scare you, so they can laugh at you later when you tell them how afraid you are.\" He felt a moment of sadness when he thought of his father. He had worshipped him. Grandma had reminded him too often that he was his father's son. Sophie had finished her business and sat down next to him. She folded up her legs and placed her head on his lap. \"So honey, tell me.\" He caressed her hair and begun with his story. \"I had been told that before they met, Mum had just finished college and worked in her parents' flower shop. She wanted to be a professional dancer you see. She was part of a ballet company that was quite famous in town. She never ended up as a professional dancer but started teaching instead. She said that she loved to convey that feeling of dancing, of feeling free. Where some women became bitter and remorseful of their lost opportunity, my mother found her call. Anyway, she had a performance that night and my father had been dragged by his friend who was a little in love with my mother. My father was quite the man at that time. Blue eyes, blond hair and as my mother said it \"a creation of the gods\". So, as soon as he saw her dancing, he knew that no other woman would ever attract him more than my mother. After all, she had her share of beauty. Big, dark eyes and red flamboyant hair. Growing up, I always thought her to be the most beautiful woman in the world. A bit of Oedipus complex there I believe. Anyhow, my father went to her loge after the show and asked her out on a date. A month later, they were married.\" \"What did Claire think of her?\" \"She loved her from the first moment she met her. My mother was like the daughter she never had and so she mourned her a lot too. I think that was my mother's gift, that everyone who saw her adored her. It is too bad that the truck that hit her didn't adore her though.\" This was a painful memory and Sophie put her hand on Charlie's chin. He kissed the palm of her hand. \"We should get the boys to bed. Will you or I read to them?\" \"You read to them. The boys always love hearing your voice, and so do I.\" He kissed her on the lips and went to the boys' bedroom. Sophie needed to book the tickets to Italy. The boys needed to say goodbye to their grandma. The next day they were on the airport, waiting for the gate to be opened. Sophie made a list of everything she had done. The boys' teacher had been called to tell about the situation, she and Charlie had called at their workplaces to inform them of their absence, she had locked the door, and she had taken everything they needed. They had explained to the twins that they needed to see grandma because she was sick, but she had not told them why it was so necessary to go now. They would be told in due course. Finally, it opened and they went on board. She had placed the boys between her and Charlie so that they were probably attended to. Since she got the tickets late, they would have to change flights in Montreal and Paris to get to Verona. She would have found it exotic if it would not for the reason why they were going to fly today. The flight to Montreal went good, the boys were happy to get their coke and Sophie got her second coffee of the day. Well in Montréal, they went to the toilets and went to the nearby fast food place to get lunch. They had a play-space as they called it, for children. Sophie and Charlie found this to be perfect for now. Now the joy lasted for only one hour but other amusements could be found. Sophie and Charlie bought come candy and other unneeded stuff to occupy the boys when they got restless. They located the gate and sat down to see the boys run around. Much could be done at an airport. One could run up and down the escalators, observe people who laughed, ate, talked or play James Bond. This was so amusing that the boys were surprised when it was time to go on the plane. Well in Paris, there were new things to see, new people to observe. The family emptied the provisions of snacks they had brought in Montréal. The twins became bored and they sat down in their parents' lap. They were soon sleeping deeply and were very irritated when they were awakened. The family boarded the last plane for the day and was really exhausted when they were landed in Verona. Luckily, all luggages had come right and Charlie rented a car that would take them to Grandma. Almost there![Chapter 15] It was really late when they arrived to the farm. The boys were sleeping heavily so Charlie and Sophie carried them to the guest room, where they had two bed prepared already. Lorenzo welcomed with a smile, even though everyone could see that he looked tired, a little bit sad as well. Sophie hugged him tightly as Charlie did. \"Is she awake? Charlie asked. Lorenzo smiled a little. \"No but she would hate me if I didn't wake her up to tell that you have arrived.\" He went upstairs to the bedroom. The couple followed after him and they entered the large bedroom, where their beloved Claire was lying on the bed. Lorenzo tapped her lightly on the shoulder and whispered in her ear that Charlie and Sophie were here. She smiled at him and he went aside, to let the couple say hello. She looked so thin and so vulnerable, was Sophie's first thought. She went forward to kiss her on the cheek and Claire smiled at her, calling her little darling. Charlie bent forward to kiss his grandma. \"Hey Gran.\" \"My little darlings. Are the boys sleeping?\" \"They are. You will meet them tomorrow. Go to sleep now.\" Claire fell asleep quickly and they left the room, to let her sleep in peace. Outside, Sophie looked at Lorenzo with concern. \"How much time does she have left?\" Charlie put his arm on his wife's shoulders. \"Not much said the doctors. Two weeks at the most.\" Lorenzo was on the edge of tears when he said that so Charlie consoled him with a hug. \"She is not gone yet. You will have time to say goodbye.\" \"Charlie? I will go to bed now.\" Sophie left the men alone and Lorenzo asked Charlie if he wanted a glass of wine. Charlie answered with the affirmative, thinking that a bit of wine could maybe help against the sorrow that had started to creep on him. Sophie checked on the boys before she went to bed. Edwin and Harry were sleeping deeply, unaware of the imminent tragedy that would hit them soon. They would have had great memories of Claire. They had spent each summer at the Bartolini villa since they were babies. Tuscany had been their escape place, to be away from noisy and tiring New York. This would be a terrible loss for them. Their great-grandma had meant the world for them and that would be snapped away from them. And what was this for Sophie? It feels unreal yet, thought Sophie as she put on her nightgown. They needed to help each other to survive the sorrow and the emptiness Claire would definitively leave behind. She had been like a surrogate mother for Sophie and for Charlie. They would survive this alive. Sophie stood at the balcony, enjoying the last piece of sunlight before it would disappear behind the hills. Suddenly she felt two strong arms around her waist and she let her head drop on his shoulder. \"How are you honey\" Sophie asked. He kissed her in the neck and behind the ears. \"I'm fine. I'm going to need a bit of courage to survive this.\" Sophie turned around in his grasp to face him. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him softly on the lips. \"Charlie?\" \"Yes love?\" \"Will you come to me in bed? Can you just hold me in your arms?\" In response, Charlie put his arms behind her legs and carried her to bed. She was carefully putted down on the bed and he held her tight against him, caressing her hair softly. Her head was on his chest and she unbuttoned his shirt so she could feel the naked skin under her cheek. They feel asleep like this, holding on to each other like life depended on it. The sun brought a new morning and even if the couple had fallen asleep peacefully, their awake was less so. Edwin and Harry thought it appropriate to jump in their parents' bed, shouting and laughing loudly at seven in the morning. \"Mum! Dad! We are here! Is Grandma awake? Can we go and see her? Please?\" Edwin shouted. \"Mum! Dad! WAKE UP!\" Harry shouted. Sophie buried herself in the pillow. She loved her boys unconditionally but sometimes they could be a bit annoying. Charlie sat up straight, making his shirt to drop from his shoulders. \"Calm down boys! You can only see Claire if you calm down! Love, you better get up and make the coffee, eh?\" said Charlie playfully at his wife. He got only a groan as a reply. \"Never mind. I will do it.\" \"All right, I'm up! You make disgusting coffee and you know that, you British tea lover. Go and see if Claire is awake. The boys are obviously impatient to see her.\" Indeed they were. They were jumping up and down on the bed, trying desperately to cover their excitement and impatience. Sophie went down to the kitchen, only to discover that breakfast was already ready and coffee made. She took a cup and filled it with coffee, enjoying the lovely taste of hot beverage in the morning. She felt more awake now; coffee had the power to bring her energy back, as millions of people worldwide also shared. Lorenzo soon appeared in the kitchen, smiling warmly at her when he saw her. \"How is the coffee?\" \"Delicious as always,\" replied Sophie with a smile. \"How is Claire this morning?\" \"She is in better moods. The boys have just entered the room and I left the room hearing her laugh.\" Sophie smiled. The boys had powers too: to spread joy everywhere they went. \"I'm glad. They were so impatient to see her. I'll see what I can do with them today. Is there any place you can recommend?\" Lorenzo thought deeply for a while. \"Have you been to Cortona yet?\" \"No, I think that it is the only place we haven't seen.\" \"It is worth the visit I promise you.\"[Chapter 16] They said goodbye to Lorenzo and Claire, who were very sorry that they could not come with them, and parted for Corona. Corona came out to be everything they had hoped for. It was a little town, not unlike all the others in Tuscany but still an exquisite pearl, very enjoyable and beautiful. They tried to see everything they could manage; even the Casa Bramasole Sophie had heard about and insisted to see. They ate ice cream on the Plaza and visited the fortress on the highest hill of Cortona. The fortress was a hit for the boys, they imagined the fortress being attacked and how they were soldiers that needed to protect the people against the enemies. The guide was especially good, thought Sophie and Charlie, mainly because he told the boys about all the ghosts that haunted the place which fascinated and intrigued Harry and Ewan. They didn't even protest when their parents told them they were going to see Casa Bramasole. Casa Bramasole was beautiful. Sophie was enchanted with the place and she understood why Frances Mayes had fallen in love with it. It had charms, a little \"something\" that made it stood out from the others. The gates were closed but it didn't stop her from seeing everything. The boys became bored and started to run around disturbing the peace of the moment. \"Will you be quiet?\" Sophie asked. The boys looked at her with a surprised look. \"Mum! Why do we have to look at a boring house?\" Ewan asked. \"Because…it is famous!\" \"Honey, let's leave.\" Sophie sighed. The problem of being the only woman in the household was that you were the only one to appreciate things such as art or a beautiful house, at least, thought Sophie, in her case. Charlie could be patient but even he had his limits. But before she could open her mouth to agree, the front door opened and Frances Mayes in person came out. Sophie gasped, not entirely realizing the importance of the situation. Frances seemed to be on her way somewhere because she headed to her car but she saw the family standing outside the gates and walked over to them. Frances was exactly the same as on her pictures. Her smile was open and friendly; her manners encouraging. \"Hello! Why are you standing there? Come in!\" Sophie got out of her dreaminess and recovered her tongue. \"I am sorry to bother you but we just wanted to see the house and by no means want to intrude on you.\" \"Don't be silly, you are not intruding. Come in, I have just the things for your boys.\" She let them in and gave them a piece of tiramisu, which was as a coincidence the boys' favourite dessert. While the boys ate heartily of the tiramisu, Frances showed Sophie and Charlie the house, inviting them into her intimacy. After awhile, she looked at Sophie a bit closer and suddenly laughed. \"Wait, you're Sophie Wyman, who writes for the New Yorker!\" \"Yes, sorry I didn't introduce myself before, it's terribly rude. This is my husband, Charlie Wyman.\" \"Nice to meet you Charlie,\" said Frances with a wink to Charlie. \"The pleasure is mine, Mrs. Mayes. You have a lovely house.\" \"Thank you, but please, call me Frances. Oh, do you want to see the garden?\" \"Oh yes! Sophie exclaimed. I need to call the boys first.\" The garden was beautiful and was equally charming as the house. The boys ran along the hedges and Sophie looked around in delight. Frances showed them around with pride and it was not difficult to be charmed by her enthusiasm. Time flew and before they knew it, they had to leave. \"I am sorry that you have to leave so soon. You should come back sometimes!\" They promised they would come back some day and left the beautiful house. In the car, everyone was silent. An eventful day was always accompanied by silence, to swallow the impressions of the day. Against their will, they had had fun and the day had perhaps lifted their moods. The boys were half-sleeping on each other's shoulders, Sophie was looking out of the window, admiring the great landscape of Tuscany and Charlie was ruminating. \"Sophie, said he in a low voice, I feel bad right now.\" \"Why? You have done nothing wrong, haven't you?\" she asked in a quizzical voice. \"I have been enjoying myself. Visiting and meeting new friends and yet my grandma is on the point of dying. How more horrible could I possibly be?\" He passed his hand in his sun blond hair, a sure sign that he was distressed. Sophie laid a hand on his arm. \"No, love, you should not feel bad. It was what Claire wanted. She would not like us to be weeping at her bed side. Lorenzo and she know very well that if anything happens, they can call us anytime. The boys love their grandma very much but they would be very bored by doing so.\" Charlie relaxed a little and he smiled with affection toward his wife, who returned the smile. Their timing was perfect because when they came home, the dinner was set on the table. The boys ran to Lorenzo and told him all of the wonders they had seen while their parents went up to see how Claire was doing. She was awake when they entered the room and she welcomed them with a tired smile. \"My darlings! How have your day been?\" \"Lovely Grandma, absolutely lovely. How are you today?\" \" I'm fine dear, don't worry about me. Now, will you go down and start to eat? I need to talk with Sophie for a few seconds. Charlie nodded and disappeared from the room. Sophie sat down on the edge of the bed and took Claire's hand. \"What is it Claire?\" \"Sophie, I must be honest with you. The end is near, I can sense it. It is weird but sometimes life can be pretty weird. Don't weep darling, we all die. It is tonight I am destined to die. Now, I don't know when but when it will happen, I want to you to be at my side. I am going to talk to you all the way, about everything you don't know about me, like my childhood and my first years with my first husband. I sound very cheesy right now but I don't care. I will tell you later why I have never said anything before. I will also give you a mission, a very important mission that I want you to accomplish. Now, give me the tray with food and go eat dinner with your family. I will be waiting for you tonight.\" Sophie was a bit shaken by the passionate speech but she didn't let it show to anyone at the dinner. She figured that what Claire had said to her would remain secret and Charlie would be crushed if she said that Claire would die tonight. Charlie wondered why his grandma had said to her and she replied that she didn't want to be disturbed by anyone tonight. She said when the dinner was eaten that she would turn in early. She went upstairs and looked behind her before she sneaked into Claire's room. She was asleep but Sophie tapped her lightly on the shoulder and she awoke. \"Thank you Sophie. Can you please put the tray away? I didn't have energy to remove it myself. So, I bet you are very excited about my story. Well sit here and open your ears.[Chapter 17] \"My parents were quite rich. My father was a baronet, the last one of the family since I was the only child. His name was Lord Hadfield and my mother was the daughter of a rich family of lawyers. So as you can guess, my mother was the lower class. My father didn't mind, he was caught up being in love with her but his family did of course. This was the forties and the war was going on and as you might know. Tragic times. London was bombed day and night and the rest of the country were pretty much in silent contemplation of it My grandparents were concerned about their children, especially my uncle who was very keen to be a pilot and fight the war. He was supposed to be a lawyer too, to take over when his father retired. My mother supported him in this decision. Without his parents' permission, he became a pilot in the Army.\" \"Did he die?\" Sophie asked. \"What? Claire said with a quizzical look. Oh no! He did just fine. He even got a medal for bravery, which made him very big-headed. He kept on babbling about it all the time when I was a child. Anyway, my father's parents wanted him to marry a girl whose father was a Viscount or something. It is what their family had always done and according to them, would always do.\" \"Oh could anyone think like that in the forties?\" \"Wait dear, I hear something.\" They went silent and listened to the sound outside the door. Sophie recognized Charlie's energetic steps, followed by Lorenzo's. They were laughing, but they hushed each other to be silent but started to laugh again for no particular reason. The door to their bedrooms opened and closed silently and in a few minutes, the house was silent again. \"My poor husband. He is so depressed by the idea that I am leaving him that he drinks a lot more, even though he doesn't like alcohol that much. He will survive though, with your dear help Sophie, you and your boys. Anyway, we must not lose track. Claire sat up a little and she looked up at Sophie. Where was I? Oh yes. My parents met when they were in the country, without knowing, they had lived a few miles from each other their entire life. It was love at first sight; my mother had told me that she had never seen anyone so handsome, so perfect. I don't know really what happened that afternoon, because my parents kept it for themselves but they concluded that they needed to marry and quite quickly.\" \"What did his parents say?\" \"Well, Sophie, the strange thing is, he took her to meet his parents and they were actually charmed by the spot! She enchanted them and besides, her family was not out of money either. Apparently, my mother's grandfather had helped some ancestor from the Hadfield family so they owed much to them. My parents were so glad that his family had accepted her, of course. The big problem was her family. Somehow they didn't like the Hadfield, they despised the nobility and the gentry. Why I don't really know but they firmly opposed the match. My mother tried everything she could, she and my father really tried to show how rich the Hadfield family was. They launched big parties where the best food was ordered, the most expensive places, at least, the ones they could afford. After all, a baronet is below a baron, who is a little higher in rank.\" \"And they still opposed the match?\" asked Sophie is disbelief. \"Yes Sophie, they did, said Claire nodding. It was until the point that my mother decided to do it anyway and she broke all contact with her family. They never came to her wedding and she never called them or anything. It was a mature decision for a person as young as twenty. The wedding was big and expensive and very, very happy. Claire smiled broadly. If you look at the pictures of that day, you could see that my parents are smiling on every one and they look like they want to eat each other. I can only guess how the honeymoon must have been like. Don't laugh Sophie, they were passionately in love with each other, until the very end. Now, we come to the part where I step in. They were married in three years before the end of the war was announced. Two months after, before the Japan's surrender, I entered the world. Now, I don't want to tell my childhood in detail. I mean, you already know the about Tuscany and how I was afterwards. Sophie nodded in agreement. My parents were very liberal in their thinking, you see, compared to their own parents. My parents encouraged me to be open-minded and be very curious about anything. The Baronet and his wife did not really like it but they believed that education was something the parents were responsible off and if I grew up to be a \"bad\" child so to speak, it was my parents' fault.\" \"Did they still like you, your grandparents? It was not like they rejected you or anything?\" Claire laughed. \"Oh no, they never rejected me for any second. I was so spoiled by them. I got dresses, expensive jewellery and anything girly you can imagine. I was never such a girl, I was more boyish in my manners and taste but I always accepted their gifts with polite affection. They were always very nice and patient with my manners. After all, I was never told how to behave ladylike or anything like you would learn in a Jane Austen novel. No, I loved to be in nature, to play that I was orphan and needed to survive in the wild. I was maybe nine when I discovered how much I liked to draw the nature, all the little wonders that it offered. I started to take a sketching pad everywhere I went and drew whatever I found interesting. Claire laughed mildly. Imagine a little blond girl who had been full of energy and would have played for hours outside was now sitting hours trying to draw a little ladybug! Sophie laughed at the description. \"Where did you go to school? Did you have to be in a top notch school?\" \"No, not really. I was given the choice actually. Until I was twelve, I went to regular school, never really bothered about the remarks about my family. But a school opened then, which had a focus on art. It was a dream come true for me. It cost a little of course but my parents were willing to pay, because of my intense passion for drawing and painting. The thing is, it was really far away and I needed to live at the school to go there. Sorry, honey, I am bit thirsty, can you give me the glass of water over there? Thank you. They were silent until Claire was done. \"So, I was really sad of course. I would leave my parents for several years, the school had also a high school so if I wanted I could go there until I was nineteen. Seven years at that time was an eternity for me! I spend many hours thinking and tossing around in my bed about it. I made the decision one night and my parents were really sad about it, of course, but they accepted that it was something that I wanted. They drove me to the train station and before I went on that train, I promised to write to them often, as often as I could. I am not boring you, am I?\" \"Oh no, Claire, this is fascinating. But does Charlie know anything of this?\" \"For some reason, I decided not to tell him. As you can see it so far, it is nothing really tragic or even particular but he never asked and I never told anyone. You remember that he didn't know about Lorenzo until you wrote the letter. Sophie and Claire smiled at the memory of it. So back to the art school. I was terribly lost and scared at the beginning but I quickly adapted and learned to love the school. The teachers were really nice and for the first time, I was surrounded with people who had no idea of who I was and my family's history. I was with people who were exactly like me, whose passion was art. I made some real friends, even dated a guy a few times but it was never really serious. I wrote to my parents were often and I spent some vacations back home. The school became my second home, a place which was safe and nice. It was a place who was really modern, in their education as well as its design. My grandparents became very outdated in their thinking, I thought. They began to think I was too strange for them. Claire sighed heavily. It was sad, because they died both when I was fifteen. And during all this time, I have not had any contact with my mother's parents. My mother tried several times to contact them but they refused every time. My uncle, you know the one who was a pilot, kept contact though and I saw him often, even though he made perfectly clear that my mother has done wrong to rebel against her parents. He was very arrogant and smug with me but very different with my mother. I guess she was the only with whom he could be himself. He became a lawyer, as his father had wanted and a very good one too.\" \"Claire? How could you come to go to Italy then?\" \"Ah, I was just getting to that. The school, after five years, started to be quite famous. Everyone knew about the art school in Plymouth. One day, I saw that there was an art course in Tuscany for anyone that wanted. I called my parents and they agreed to pay for the trip, which was a little expensive. How everything turned to be is in your knowledge.\" \"How did you meet Charlie's grandfather?\" \"Ah, that is a funny story. As you already know, I thought at fifteen that my life was over since I would never meet Lorenzo again. To forget him, I focused on school and to graduate with good grades. At twenty, I had a high school diploma and all the insecurity of a young heart. I had really no clue about what I would do next; all I knew was that I could draw very well. This was 1965 and many things were happening. I was working part time in a restaurant to pay the rent. It was quite fancy and I had applied the job without really knowing if I would get it or not. You may know it; Charlie may have taken you there on your honeymoon.\" \"I remember it well. I loved every minute of it. Their salmon dish was exquisite.\" Sophie sighed happily and got lost in happy memories. \"Mmh, I know. Anyway, one evening, a man wan walked in and sat down at a table in the corner of the restaurant. I went forward to take his order and our eyes met. I didn't expect to be so taken aback. After all, I have had my heart broken a few years before and I didn't believe to love anyone else. I kept calm though and smiled politely to the man I loved.\" \"What happened then?\" Sophie asked impatiently. \"Nothing happened that night.\"[Chapter 18] \"What? Nothing happened? You didn't say anything to each other?\" Sophie looked very shocked and angry at the same time. \"He ordered chicken with salad and when he was done asked for the bill. He said thank you and then left. I was a wreck of course. Love at first sight and he doesn't even acknowledge me? You can guess how much I wept. Still, I needed to work and so I went to work, without knowing that the day would be very different of what I have imagined. Claire changed position and it looked so difficult that Sophie felt compelled to help but Claire refused, saying that she was still capable of managing herself. \"I am sorry Claire but it is just…\" She didn't finish her phrase but started sobbing and Claire looked at her tenderly. \"There, there my darling. Don't be sad. Think of your dear boys. Be strong for their sake. I have to finish my story so we have no time to loose. So, I was getting ready the table for lunch when I felt a hand on my arm. I turned around and there he was. I opened my mouth to say something but he was quicker. He said: I'm sorry for the other night, I was a complete jerk. You made me to a jerk. I don't like my emotions taking over me like they did. Come with me . I protested of course but he said that he had already talked to my boss and I had a day off. I have told you before that my Arnold didn't believe in love, said that it were simply hormones.\" \"I remember.\" \"Well. Arnold was for the most part what he called \"rational\"; sometimes he would show his other me the \"emotional\" Arnold. Don't believe he was cold because he was not but let's say he was not a physical person. He was never the type who hugged and cuddled but he would use other ways to show he loved you. A quiet man, satisfied with life, and thankful for everything he got. Charlie had inherited little of that rationality, Arnold's ability to favour rational solutions and opinions rather than emotional ones. A complex person but fascinating.\" \"I would have liked to meet him.\" \"He would have loved you I'm sure. So, that day, he took me to a church. A man was waiting down the aisle and I started to get really scared. What was he doing? Right before the man, Arnold turned to me and said: \"Hi, I am Arnold Wyman. We are getting married today. You can imagine my surprise. I mean I was twenty! I knew nothing of marriage, children and even what I wanted to do! I told him my name and also that he was totally mad. He replied that he was mad about me. I tried faintly to give arguments against our marriage but they got weaker and weaker by the minute.\" \"Did you marry?\" Sophie asked. \"Yes, replied Claire. We did. I could not really believe it, virgin of life like I was. Arnold was a CEO in a big company so we could say that the money was not a problem. I did not want to be a housewife. Imagine! Anyway, we went on a honeymoon and it was during the honeymoon that I found my call. We were on a two weeks trip all over the country and we went to strange and special places later to be the place I spread his ashes. We visited the University in Oxford because I wanted to see how it looked like. There was an art class in one room we passed by. I was curious so I went inside and when I entered that classroom it was like everything made sense. I was supposed to be an art teacher! It was my purpose in life.\" \"Did you teach at the University?\" \"Yes I did. The thing is that I started to feel weird after two months. I discovered that it was normal because I was pregnant. Well, many months later, I gave birth to Charlie's father.\" Sophie became serious and bit her lip. She wanted to ask it but didn't know if she dared to. \"How did you feel when you lost him?\" \"Lost who?\" Claire looked confused. \"Charlie's father.\" Claire looked very sad, so sad that Sophie almost regretted that she brought it up. It was with a morose tone that Claire finally spoke up. \"It was terrible. I had lost Arnold to cancer two years before and now I lost my other man, one of the reasons of my existence. I lost someone and I could get him back. His dear wife was also like a daughter to me so it felt like losing two children at once. But I could weep forever because little Charlie had lost his parents. I was the only family he got and I needed to be strong for his sake. My mission from no one was to take care of him, to be his mother and father and make sure he would lead a rich and prosper life the way he wanted it. It was not easy always but we made it and I am so glad that we found you Sophie. You saved both him and me from whatever had been wrong in our lives.\" Sophie's eyes were full of tears. She needed to say what was on her mind, to make her feel free at heart. \"You had been like a mother to me. I never had one and you made me feel how it's like to have a mother. I think you for all you have done to me.\" \"My dear darling, you are my adopted daughter. Charlie could never be happier than when he is with you and I am proud over him. Please tell him that. I am going miss you so much. My boys, my dear Lorenzo, my Charlie, you Sophie, I love you all.\" \"Oh Claire!\" Claire took Sophie in her arms, caressed her hair affectionately, murmured reassuring things in her ears and promised that all would be fine. Sophie cried like a little child, big wet tears fell from her cheek. Sophie felt like she would never be happy again but she was being selfish. She ran out of the room as fast as she could and knocked on Lorenzo's door. He opened and saw her face wet with tears and understood directly. He ran to Claire's room and even before she was at Charlie's door, he opened it in a millisecond and headed for Claire's room. Sophie decided not to wake up the boys. She would tell them in the morning. In Claire's room, Lorenzo and Charlie was at her side. Sophie stood a bit aside and watched her husband be overcome by emotions, letting himself cry like a little boy who was on the point on losing a mother and a father at the same time. Lorenzo looked like a wreck. Claire was looking at Lorenzo and murmured to him how much she loved him and how she was glad that she had been able to spend her last years together with him. Lorenzo started to sob quietly and Sophie started to cry again when she saw how much he struggled. Claire's eyes were turned at Charlie. She asked him to come closer and she whispered something in his ear. When she had, she fell back on her cushions and closed her eyes. And a second later she was gone.[Chapter 19] Sophie felt too tired to stay in the room. She felt numb and empty so she thought that sleeping would do her good. After all it was three in the morning. She fell on the bed and fell asleep almost immediately at the moment her head hit the pillows. She didn't wake up until six in the morning when Ewan came to her bed and wanted to cuddle. She took her son in her arms and held him close against her. She needed them to survive to what would be a tough day. \"Mum? Ewan asked after a while, why are you so sad? Ewan with his ability to understand people had seen through her, through the façade she had hoped to hold in front of her boys. \"I will tell you when your brother is awake.\" \"He is awake. He thought you were still asleep and I didn't so I want to check out for myself.\" Sophie nodded. She helped the boys get dressed and washed their faces. She dreaded the moment she would have to tell them their great-grandma had died but she thought it needed to be told as soon as possible. If they went to the kitchen, they would inevitably see Claire in her bed. If they had some food in their stomach, maybe it would be better. She shook her head. No, she would tell them now. No, they needed to eat first. Charlie chose the moment to walk into the room with the look of someone who had not got much sleep. He hugged the boys in the same way Sophie had and kissed his wife tenderly. The boys understood something must have happened and they feared the most. Claire? \"It is grandma, isn't it? Ewan asked. \"Is she dead?\" Harry asked in a low tone. The adults looked at each other and sighed. The twins had as usually understood everything without being told. Charlie bent down so he could be at the same height as the twins. \"Yes. She died tonight. We didn't want to wake you up.\" \"Can we see her?\" \"Don't you want to have some breakfast first?\" Sophie inquired. \"No, we would want to see her now.\" The twins were really determined so the parents decided that they would go together. The room felt different than it had during the night, thought Sophie. Lorenzo had opened the window so fresh air was coming in but it could not make it better. Claire was still lying there on the bed, inert and totally unaware of the sorrow she had caused by dying. The boys thought she looked asleep, kind of free from everything. They could not really grasp the concept that she would never wake up, never give them chocolate behind their parent's back, never tell them how to draw the flowers from her garden, never do anything with them again. Harry cried silently and hugged his mother's legs. Ewan just looked thoughtful, looking like he tried to resolve a puzzle that was too complicated for him. Charlie and Sophie decided that they would try to eat some breakfast before they would do anything. They had no appetite but they ate anyway, to get the energy to be strong. The garden had never looked any better this morning. The roses were shining in the light, dancing some mysterious dance in the wind. Red, pink, yellow, blue and many colours were mixed in this garden of Eden. Claire had devoted many hours to this garden, planting and removing bad weeds and watering it every day. It was only logical that it would be her grave. It was decided that no funeral would be made. The only people that would witness the ceremony were the Bartolinis, Charlie, Sophie and the boys. When the breakfast was eaten, the family Wyman went to get dressed properly. There was the feeling among them that this was not real, not happening but a dream they would awake from. Charlie had lost the only relative he cared and loved. Claire had been everything to him. She had lectured him when he had done wrong, had born with his teenage caprices and helped him with advices and support for everything he had wanted to do. Sophie had finally found a mother in Claire, a mother who loved her for what she was and also could help her with Charlie when they had fights. For the twins, their grandma had been their guide, the one giving and allowing them things which was forbidden by the parents. She had taught them how to discover the nature and be amazed at its wonders. There was no doubt that the Wyman family had lost someone very important, which would never come back but always be in their hearts. The weather was teasing them today. The sun was shining brightly on the garden and no clouds could be seen in the sky. It was a perfect day to be outside and have a picnic on the beach. Claire had known for a while that she was dying so the coffin and the stone were already prepared. Lorenzo had brought the priest here. Lorenzo, Charlie, Lorenzo's son and grandson were burying the coffin the short distance to the garden. Lorenzo and Charlie could not hide their tears when they carried the coffin which contained a loved person. The priest told in Italian how special Claire had been, how such a person will be missed and what sorrow it was to miss her. The insects were buzzing around them and the flowers were dancing in the wind, a fascinating image which captured the boys' attention. They were bored as they could not understand what the priest said but they had understood that Claire was in the coffin and would be buried in the garden. Finally, the priest's speech was over and the coffin was slowly lowered into the hole. Everyone present had picked a flower from the garden and threw them in turn on the coffin. The boys were a little embarrassed because their parents were crying and they were not. It is always weird for a child to see a parent in a weak moment and the twins found it easier to watch the flowers than to see the hole being covered with dirt and that now it would have looked like nothing was there if it wasn't for the stone in front of the flowers that said \"Claire Smith Bartolini, 1945-2016, Dear grandma, wife, great-grandma, friend, you will always be loved, whenever you are\". Claire had decided everything, of course. I don't need to describe the sorrow everyone was going through, you can guess that each of the people present were very sad, Charlie most of all, which was very understandable. After the funeral, they all went inside and ate an early lunch. Lorenzo tried to be cheerful but failed utterly at it. The boys had long tired of sitting still and were running around in the garden, being children that they are. It was a rather peaceful lunch until a car arrived and parked in front of the house. A small man, Sophie thought he looked like a mole, with small glasses and a bald head, was walking toward to them with a portfolio under the arm. \"I am sorry to interrupt but Miss Claire asked me to be here as soon as the funeral was over to discuss her testament. So if you please come with me, I will read it to you.\" The party was finished with their lunch so everyone followed curiously the little man inside. Charlie could not keep his amazement at his grandma's ability to plan everything. He wondered what she would give everyone. The little man sat down at a sofa and placed his papers on the table in front of him. Charlie and Sophie as well as Lorenzo sat down in the opposite sofa while the rest stood up behind them. The little man cleared his throat and started reading. If you hear this, then you have probably buried me in the garden and eaten a nice meal. Please, don't stop yourself from eating just because I am dead! I would feel terrible if you died of hunger because of me! Anyway, I have made everything ready for everyone that I will mention in this will. I have found written words more comfortable than direct speech, somehow, it give me time to express myself in the way I want. Right, Sophie? Okay, enough small talk, let's dive into it. For my dear husband Lorenzo, I give him my ring he gave me over fifty years ago and I let him keep everything we had shared over the years together. Don't be sad my love. Soon you will die and we will be together, let's hope it is very soon! Dark humour I know but I could not help it. Laugh instead. You have Sophie, Charlie, the boys and your family to help you. Lorenzo started to cry after that sentence. To my dear Charlie, my darling and my sun, I give you my photo albums, with pictures of you dear parents and you. Look into it with Sophie, share with her your history and laugh about tender memories. You get also a little capital to continue with you pro-bono work with refugees and such. I am so proud of you and the man you have become. Make love to Sophie often, love your boys and I will be content. I love you Charlie . Charlie laughed at his. He took his wife's hand and kissed it tenderly, just to show how much he would keep his promise. To my darling Sophie, I give you my photo albums, of me and my childhood and tell Charlie about it. I told you everything so share it with you boys and your man, tell them about a girl who made choices and the most important of all, lived a life like she wanted it. I also give you my jewellery since you loved it so much. Sell them or do whatever you like with them, they are yours. And last but not least, I would give to my little boys, Edwin and Harry, all my savings which are supposed to go to college and everything else that will help in their lives. Take good care of them. Charlie and Sophie gasped because it was a lot money and it would enable the boys to do everything they wanted to achieve. They laughed in happiness. This is end of my letter. You should know that I am always with you and again, don't be sad. Tell each other the good memories, the nice and sweet ones about me so you could remember this day as a happy one and not a day when you lost me, because I am never lost but always there, in your hearts. Cheesy I know but I never know how to end letters. I love you. Goodbye. The rest of the Bartolini had gone out, to give the Wyman family a little bit of space and Lorenzo time to be on his own, to be alone with his sorrow. Lorenzo was happy about the years he had spent with Claire. They had enjoyed every minute of it. Lorenzo laughed for himself. He knew that now a life without her was impossible so he wondered how long it would take him before he too would join her in her grave. Charlie and Sophie stood on the balcony where Charlie had played Romeo. They contemplated the garden, Charlie arms around Sophie's waist. They were silent, the silence was not awkward but quite nice, in fact, none of them wanted to speak. The boys were on their beds, playing Nintendo DS with each other. \"Charlie?\" \"Yes my love, replied Charlie. \"How do you feel?\" Sophie was caressing Charlie's hand with her thumb. \"Not the best I must say but I cannot help but feel that this is the end of a chapter and the beginning of another.\" Sophie turned around to face Charlie. She looked in her husband's eyes, the man she had been married to all these years and the man she never knew would grow to love. \"It's funny because I feel the same. I am sad of course but it is like Claire want us to see forward, to look forward change.\" \"We need to see forward my love mostly because of our boys. I was lost when my parents died so I want to be there for Harry and Edwin, to live a full life.\" Charlie smiled to her but looked in the distance, travelling into the world of nostalgia. Sophie put her hands on his face to make him focus on the moment. \"You are the best father in the world and I could not help but be more in love with you as the years go. Come, let's go inside and cheer up Lorenzo. He needs company today.\" \"Wait a moment.\" Charlie bend down and kissed her with all the passion he felt for her. She kissed him back of course and they stood there awhile, until Edwin looked up and saw them kiss. \"Ugh! Do you see that Harry? Mum and dad are kissing again.\" Harry looked up and pretended to throw up to accentuate the disgust about the situation. The parents laughed at this and went inside. This is end of the story. Charlie and Sophie had gone far from that day Charlie fell from the balcony. They are happily married and are parents to two wonderful boys. Reader, don't be sad about Claire because you knows she is in our mind and will never go away. Don't be sad it is finished either, because this is only the beginning of something else.[Chapter 20] Since its Christmas and all, I want to give you a gift! Here, from me: A little Christmas postcard from Sophie, Charlie, Ewan and Harry. Ewan hoped that Santa would give the Nintendo DS he had wished for this Christmas. He was confident, very even, because he had been nice this year. He had eaten the soup when his mother had wanted it and tidied his room when asked. He was sure that Santa had noticed it and written him on the list of Good children, which Santa had to keep count of nice children. He hoped that Harry would receive the Lego Millenium Falcon but that should not be a problem, because Harry had been nice, even nicer than him, since he had help mum with the dinner. Ewan called for Harry, the later appeared from the kitchen and together they inspected the presents under the tree, Harry shook each of his, to hear the familiar sound of Lego pieces crashing against each other. While that was going on, Sophie prepared the classical American Christmas dinner that she loved. Moreover, having a British husband meant that some adjustments needed to be made. For example the Christmas pudding was something she had never eaten, mostly because her father had never liked it but she had quickly changed her mind. Claire had given her the old family receipt and doubt had filled her the first time she had tried it. The result went better than expected. Charlie had eaten one quarter of the pudding and then stated that it had been the best pudding he had ever eaten. Since that Christmas, the famous pudding resides on the table except for one Christmas, when they were in Italy, at Claire and Lorenzo's. Better Christmas food could not be found. Sophie remembers especially the delicious fishes-Italians loved to eat fish at Christmas, even if turkey could also be present. The boys had been small then, not more than two or three perhaps. They had eaten so much Italian Christmas sweets that they had been sick for days afterwards. She shook her head where she stood in front of the stove. The boys were seven now and she could hear them in the next room, making their traditional inspection of the gifts. She checked the time, Charlie would come home any minute now and no need to worry. She had run out of milk so he had offered to go buy some but now he had been away for over an hour, even though the grocery store was two blocks away. She looked out and saw the massive snowflakes fall on the New York buildings, occasionally shaken by a strong wind like in a tornado, up and everywhere, which was a fascinating show to admire. Sophie would have loved to go out and play in the snow, but she had the potatoes to attend to and a big turkey in the stove. Charlie would be home any minute now. Charlie was on the way home, with one big grocery bag in each hand. He knew he was only supposed to buy milk but he could not help but stop at every shop that was opened on the way. He felt sorry for the few local shop owners who worked on Christmas day. He had given them extra tip just for the sake. They had thank him and wished him all the best. So now, not only did he have milk, but also a little of everything. He felt bad for letting Sophie wait so but the wait would be compensated when she would see what he had bought. \"Please, somebody help me!\" He turned around, to locate where the sound came from. The person who had made it cried again, louder this time. He thought about the family who waited him back home and decided that this was more urging. He walked with quick steps to the place where he had heard the sound, passing by people who seemed to ignore the sound and he wanted to shout, why was there nobody who cared? As he walked on the sideway, the noise became louder and suddenly, the noise had him to turn right, to a dead-end, where he saw a hooded figure, who seemed small, and when coming closer, was indeed a child, a boy. The child was curled up next to the wall, looking at his feet, which was only covered in thin slippers. Charlie went down on his heels, put the bags behind him and looked in the child's eyes with a smile. \"Hey there. Was it you who shouted? The boy stayed silent and insisted on looking at his feet You don't have to be afraid. I am here to help you. Have you got lost? Where are your parents?\" At last the boy spoke. \"I ran away from home because my dad got angry at my mom and I got scared.\" \"Why was he angry?\" Charlie's voice was calm and steady, which made the boy look up. Charlie noticed the intensity of the brown eyes but also the worry and the sadness in them. \"I think it was because mom said we could not afford a real Christmas dinner so the only thing we would eat was soup and bread and perhaps chicken if I could steal one at the shop.\" Charlie didn't know what to say. \"I am sorry.\" \"I don't want to steal! I don't care about chicken, I just want mom and dad to be happy!\" The boy looked at Charlie with distress and small tears began to appear at the corner of his eyes. Charlie looked at the bags next to him. They were stuffed with things he didn't really need and he was ashamed, ashamed of himself and what he had done. Here was a boy that didn't care that he would not get any gifts and needed to steal to be able to eat tonight. What was a little milk compared to stealing? \"It is nice of you to wish that. What's your name?\" \"Charlie.\" Charlie laughed. \"Really? That's my name too.\" The little Charlie looked at him with curiosity. \"Your name is Charlie? That's cool!\" The big Charlie smiled at him. \"Yes. That means we have something special, you and me. Someone wanted us to meet, someone who wanted me to give you this. He dragged the bags and put them in front of the boy. Here, it's for you. So your dad doesn't have to be angry anymore.\" The little Charlie's eyes were wide open of surprise. \"For me? Are you sure?\" He looked around him, like he wanted to make sure it wasn't a prank. \"I am sure, said the big Charlie. Take it home with you and have a happy Christmas. I don't need it.\" \"Wow! Thank you.\" The little Charlie leaped to his feet and took a step forward to hug the big Charlie. The latter was so surprised of the sudden gesture that he almost lost his balance. \"Oh. You're welcome! Now, run home before you catch cold. Here, do you want me to help carry them?\" The boy shook his head. \"No, I am fine.\" But when he tried to carry them both, the content was almost on his way to fall on the snowy ground. \"I will help you.\" The decided tone in big Charlie's voice determined it and the two Charlies walked together, each with a bag of groceries. The little Charlie walked quickly and it wasn't until ten minutes later, that little Charlie stopped in front of a small building, who looked very decayed, which made big Charlie involuntary to frown. \"You live here?\" The little Charlie nodded and opened the door. He was about to go inside but stopped and looked back at Charlie. \"You can give me the other bag, I can do it from here. Thank you very much for your kindness. I will never forget it.\" The little Charlie kissed big Charlie on the cheek, a simple gesture that caught him off-guard and brought him a smile. \"You're welcome Charlie. I hope you have a nice Christmas!\" \"I hope you too have a nice Christmas. Say hello to your family!\" He took the bag from Charlie's arms and disappeared into the darkness of the building. Charlie stayed there for some minutes, he pictured how Charlie's family would be surprised over the bags and ask him where he got it, only to rejoice over the content, at least, it was what he hoped they did. He thought about his own family and knew that they were waiting for him, Sophie surely worried about his absence and the boys…well, he needed to head back now. Sophie could hear the sound of a door opening and she sighed of relief. Charlie had not been attacked by cruel thieves, he was alive and well and safe back home. She waited in the kitchen, letting Charlie take off his outdoor clothes and come to the kitchen. \"Hey, where have you been? I have been worried about you. \" Charlie walked forward to give her a warm kiss. \"No need to imagine the worst. I am here safe and sound.\" He smiled teasingly at her. \"Don't you laugh about me. Where is the milk?\" Charlie looked at his hands with surprise, remembering that he had been out for a reason. \"Eh, they had run out.\" Sophie knew that expression. Her husband was a terrible liar and she could see he was hiding something. \"Charlie?\" \"Mhm? Charlie said with an innocent look. \"You are not telling everything. Come on, drop it out.\" Charlie sighed. \"Okay. I was on my way, with two bags filled with stuff I could not stop myself from buying. No need to give me that look, I wanted to surprise you. Anyway, I heard someone call for help and I went to see who had made it.\" \"I hope it was nothing dangerous?\" \"No, no don't worry. It was in fact a boy, who had run away from home because of his parents fighting.\" Sophie gasped. \"Oh poor dear!\" \"Yes. He told me about his situation. It also turned out that his name was Charlie. Yes! Isn't it a surprise! Well, I gave him the bags, because I felt that he needed them more than we did. I walked him home. He really did live in a miserable building! We said goodbye and that's it.\" \"Oh sweetheart! She hugged him. You're so good! Well, don't bother about the milk. I think I have some cream we can use instead and it will be just as fine. Now, go in to the boys before they come up with a crazy idea, like opening the Christmas gifts.\" She pushed him toward the living room. Luckily, there was enough cream for her to do the mashed potatoes. She held it up on a plate and took the turkey out of the oven. The vegetables were ready, the only thing that remained was the Christmas pudding. Knowing that everything was ready, Sophie let out a sigh and took off her apron, to join her boys in the Christmas celebration. ","Summary":" As Sophie and Charlie were kissing, people from the wedding approached. Most of them were laughing "},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"La Noche de la Expiación","Author":"AlisonOropeza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11164072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] div id=\"ql-line-1\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"c65f256fe6522d94bf97715c78466cd4\"emEsto no es un simulacro. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"92adb231c9ffd2e4f5ffcc4f563f6c42\" /div div id=\"ql-line-3\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"92adb231c9ffd2e4f5ffcc4f563f6c42\"emEste es el Servicio Automático de Emergencia anunciando el inicio de la Noche de la Expiación legalizada por el Gobierno de la República Mexicana. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"8de917cf02ace040d564c69b17c6018a\" /div div id=\"ql-line-5\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"8de917cf02ace040d564c69b17c6018a\"emLas armas de clase 4 o menor serán autorizadas para su uso durante la Noche de la Expiación, cualquier otra arma estará prohibida. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"32631c7f241f2c91f188cd2c6de23490\" /div div id=\"ql-line-7\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"32631c7f241f2c91f188cd2c6de23490\"emLos oficiales de policía y la fuerza militar tendrán terminantemente prohibido proteger a la comunidad durante la Noche de la Expiación y no podrán estar armados. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"bc9c005e11c292724264828b0f37aac0\" /div div id=\"ql-line-9\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"bc9c005e11c292724264828b0f37aac0\"emAl sonar la sirena, todos los crímenes, incluido el asesinato, será legal durante doce horas continuas. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"74c914fe96321b8635b348ab903e7155\" /div div id=\"ql-line-11\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"74c914fe96321b8635b348ab903e7155\"emPolicía, bomberos y los servicios de emergencia médica estarán inhabilitados hasta el día de mañana a las 7:00am, cuando la Noche de la Expiación concluya. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"5f615ce8a568c7bd77ec7c00e2ec8026\" /div div id=\"ql-line-13\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"5f615ce8a568c7bd77ec7c00e2ec8026\"emEn nombre de los heroes de nuestra patria, la República Mexicana: una nueva nación está surgiendo. /em/div div style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"faa66346c8a417623fc9aef1026d392e\" /div div id=\"ql-line-15\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"faa66346c8a417623fc9aef1026d392e\"emQue Dios los bendiga./em/div[Chapter 2] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 5:00 am. Catorce horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación Dark Chest of Wonders siempre fue una de mis canciones favoritas, excepto todos los días cuando se enciende el despertador. Siempre me provoca un vuelco al corazón cuando la escucho, en especial cuando busco a tientas el maldito teléfono para así apagarla…O posponerla. Pero hoy no puedo simplemente dejarla sonar y sonar cada cinco minutos hasta que me digne a levantarme. Cada minuto, cada segundo, cada milisegundo de hoy debe ser rigurosamente vigilado. Tengo tantas cosas que hace hoy y tan poco tiempo… —Arriba, arriba. Siento las manos de Alex, mi prometido, sobre mis hombros. Le dedico una sonrisa adormilada y me levanto de un salto para ir a la ducha. Hoy, hasta el más pequeño sonido me pone nerviosa.[Chapter 3] 15 de Septiembre, 2016 5:30 am. Trece horas y treinta minutos antes de la Noche de la Expiación Media hora tardé en estar lista, quince minutos más de lo habitual. Hoy no he perdido el tiempo poniéndome más accesorios de los necesarios, no estaré fuera de casa durante mucho tiempo. Espero… Bajo a la cocina y veo que Yolanda ya está preparando el desayuno. Todos decidimos comenzar desde temprano nuestras actividades para evitar contratiempos indeseados. Será una noche difícil y queremos estar preparados. —Sin novedades —informa Joaquín entrando por la puerta que conduce al patio trasero, deja un manojo de llaves sobre la mesa y se sienta en su silla favorita—. No hay nada, ningún rastro de que alguien quisiera entrar. ¿Será paranoico pensar que cualquiera podría aprovechar las horas antes de la masacre para ganar un poco de ventaja? —Quiero a los perros aquí dentro esta noche —les digo con firmeza, no estoy dispuesta a discutirlo o negociarlo. —Si eso quieres… —comenta Yolanda despreocupada y me entrega una taza de café—. Recapitulando: ¿qué tenemos que hacer hoy y cuánto tardaremos en hacerlo? Acuno la taza de café entre mis manos. Es una mañana fría. ¿Por qué Alex tarda tanto en bajar? —Verificar que todas las armas estén cargadas, afiladas y listas para esta noche —dice Joaquín—. Una hora, aproximadamente. —Revisar la casa entera, cuarto por cuarto, cada media hora para asegurarnos de que no hay nadie dentro además de nosotros —secundo. —Convencer a todos nuestros conocidos de que no estaremos en casa hoy —dice Yolanda—. Una hora, como máximo. —Ir a Wal-Mart para conseguir baterías, comida y todo lo que nos pueda hacer falta para esta noche —sigue Joaquín—. Dos horas, puede que tres. —Y nadie debe saber dónde estamos —dice Yolanda—. En cuanto alguien lo sepa, a nosotros podría cargarnos la chingada. —Están olvidando lo principal —dice Alex cuando finalmente aparece en la cocina con nosotros—.Pase lo que pase, tenemos que estar aquí dos horas antes de que inicie. Si por mí fuera, me quedaría aquí el día entero para evitar salir. Hoy no podemos confiar en nadie.[Chapter 4] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 7:00 am. Doce horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación En las calles se respira el miedo. Caminas cerca de alguien y esa persona no quiere siquiera verte a los ojos. Aunque, a decir verdad, puede ser que no quieran verte a los ojos para que no puedas reconocerlos esta noche. Hoy, hasta la persona más inocente puede convertirse en un monstruo. Fuimos de los primeros en entrar al Wal-Mart que queda a cinco calles de nuestra casa, sólo diez personas más entraron con nosotros y todos ellos fueron corriendo a los pasillos que usualmente nadie recorrería con tanta emoción. Jardinería. Cocina y electrodomésticos Entran a trompicones y salen de los pasillos empujando sus carritos llenos de tijeras para cortar el césped, palas, cuchillos y ese tipo de cosas. ¿No sería más práctico ir a comprar rifles, ametralladoras, y esas cosas? Durante las últimas semanas se han vendido a un precio ridículamente barato, ¿por qué no comprar una siendo que es legal y las han estado vendiendo en todos lados? Nosotros sólo vamos a los pasillos de comida. Tomamos lo que nos hace falta y salimos sin cruzar más palabra con las demás personas que los buenos días . O la peor de todas: buena suerte esta noche.[Chapter 5] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 8:00 am. Once horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación El primer mensaje de texto amigable llega mientras vamos en el auto en camino a la tienda donde compramos nuestras armas. Sin importar lo que Joaquín descubra durante su registro, nunca están de más unas pocas municiones extra. Me sobresalta la alerta del mensaje y veo que va por parte de mi mejor amiga. Xiadani. ¿DÓNDE ESTÁS? Le respondo inmediatamente. BUSCANDO UN BUEN SITIO PARA USAR EL RIFLE DE FRANCOTIRADOR Sí tenemos un rifle de francotirador y resultó ser absurdamente barato. Duele un poco tener que mentirle pero, ¿podemos confiar en alguien hoy? No. En nadie.[Chapter 6] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 9:00 am. Diez horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación A todos los mensajes que recibí tuve que responder cosas que me involucraban en planes previos a la noche de hoy. Desearía que fuera así. — ¿Habrá algo en la televisión? —pregunta Yolanda, Joaquín está rodeado por todas nuestras armas y está haciendo su trabajo junto con Alex. Alcanzo el mando del televisor y lo enciendo. Un noticiero matutino. — Horas de conmoción viven los habitantes de la Ciudad de México antes de la primera Noche de la Expiación —dice el conductor—. Se les recuerda a todas las personas que nos están mirando, que se aseguren de permanecer en casa si no quieren quedarse afuera cuando se dé inicio. —Qué agradable es que se pasen recordándolo —se queja Yolanda—. Apaga esa madre, no hablarán de otra cosa hoy. Optamos por usar el DVD. El tiempo parece avanzar demasiado lentamente.[Chapter 7] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 2:00 pm. Cinco horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación Metimos ya el auto, luego de asegurarnos de que no había absolutamente nadie dentro, sacamos todo lo que había dentro y comenzamos ya con el atrincheramiento. Hemos intentado seguir con nuestro día como cualquier otro, pero el miedo se respira hasta dentro de nuestra propia casa. Es un mal día para tener enemigos. Amigos, incluso. La puerta del frente y el zaguán de color negro ya están cerrados y asegurados. Colocamos cadenas, candados, incluso corrimos una estantería para colocarla frente a la puerta principal. Cerramos las ventanas, corrimos las cortinas y colocamos también estanterías frente a ellas. La puerta que conduce al patio trasero también ya está asegurada, metimos incluso las casas de los perros para evitar llamar la atención. Como última medida de precaución, todas las puertas del interior de la casa están abiertas de par en par. La televisión no está a un volumen demasiado alto e intentamos ser lo más silenciosos que se pueda. —Muero de hambre —se queja Joaquín luego de haber cerrado la puerta de la habitación donde guardamos las armas. El cuarto de los tiliches , como solíamos llamarlo. También hemos tenido que revisarlo a pesar de ser demasiado pequeño, sólo para estar seguros. —Prepararé la comida —le digo, sólo porque quiero sentirme activa para que así el tiempo pase más rápido. Alex está haciendo la revisión de rutina en cada habitación y Yolanda está en la cocina afilando nuestra colección de armas punzocortantes. No pretendemos salir hoy, pero debemos estar preparados. Mientras me lavo las manos para empezar a cocinar, recibo otro mensaje de texto. Es por vía Whatsapp . De parte de Mario, mi amigo de Culiacán. OROPEZA, ¿CÓMO ESTÁN? Le respondo exactamente lo mismo que he estado enviando. ANSIOSOS, ENCONTRAMOS UN SITIO PERFECTO EN LA LATINO MUERO POR USAR ESE RIFLE Lo envío y vuelvo a lo mío.[Chapter 8] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 3:00 pm. Cuatro horas antes de La Noche de la Expiación La República Mexicana: Una nueva nación está surgiendo . Estoy cansada de escuchar esa frase en todos los canales que sintoniza la televisión y en todas las estaciones de la radio. No se cansan de repetirlo, como si realmente fuera cierto. En estos momentos, Paola Rojas está hablando de ello en su noticiero. — A cuatro horas de que inicie la primera Noche de la Expiación, todos los habitantes de la Ciudad de México están ya preparándose para darle rienda suelta a sus más bajos instintos. Se les recuerda que si no estarán fuera esta noche por su voluntad, eviten salir por todos los medios posibles. Ahora vamos enlazarnos con nuestro corresponsal para escuchar lo que tiene que decirnos el presidente de… Yolanda apaga de golpe la televisión. Sé que tanto ella como yo estamos pensando lo mismo, con cierto descaro y haciendo un gran esfuerzo por reprimir una cruel y desquiciada carcajada. Queremos que esta noche alguien le vuele la cabeza a ese hijo de puta.[Chapter 9] México, DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 6:58 pm. Dos minutos antes de La Noche de la Expiación Conseguimos distraernos viendo películas el resto de la tarde. Al menos no hay forma de que el recién instaurado Servicio Automático de Emergencia interrumpa lo que estamos viendo a través de un DVD. Pero es hora de volver a la realidad. Dimos una última revisión a la casa. Verificamos todas las cerraduras, apagamos las luces que fueran innecesarias, y que pudieran delatar que hay alguien en casa, y dimos un último vistazo a los dos patios que tenemos. Nada de qué preocuparnos. Están transmitiendo en estos momentos un episodio de Malcom . —Recuérdenme: ¿Qué saben nuestros conocidos? —pregunta Joaquín caminando hacia nosotros, deja un pequeño Revólver calibre 38 frente a nosotros en la mesa de centro. Uno para cada uno. —Que estaremos fuera —le respondo—. A todos les hemos dicho lo mismo, que iremos a la Latino . — ¿Se lo creyeron? —secunda Alex. Yolanda verifica que todas nuestras armas estén cargadas. —Hacer que nos pierdan el rastro fue tan fácil como quitarle un dulce a un bebé —le digo con un guiño—. Además, todos saben que a esta pendeja le encantaría estar fuera —añado señalando a Yolanda con una sacudida de la cabeza. Ella esboza una sonrisa cruel. —Si todo sale como debería este año, quizá para la próxima iremos —dice Joaquín despreocupado—. Por lo menos, podríamos estar en los alrededores. —Como han estado diciendo en los noticieros durante toda la puta semana, el lugar más peligroso será el Centro Histórico —dice Yolanda despreocupada—. Eso y todas esas pinches colonias llenas de lacras. —Deberíamos ir ahí la próxima vez —propongo—. Todos nos amarían si asesinamos a un par de ellos. Y estallamos en una breve carcajada que se ve obligada a apagarse cuando Malcom es interrumpido por un fondo de color negro y el molesto sonido de una alarma. Aparece el escudo del país, el águila devorando a la serpiente, y con letras de color verde, blanco y rojo aparecen las palabras: SERVICIO AUTOMÁTICO DE EMERGENCIA ESTO NO ES UN SIMULACRO EL GOBIERNO DE LA REPÚBLICA MEXICANA CONVOCA A LA NOCHE DE LA EXPIACIÓN La imagen cambia luego de que el prolongado sonido de la molesta alarma se apague. Aparece Joaquín López Doriga en la pantalla usando un traje de color negro. Alex me toma de la mano con fuerza y entrelazamos nuestros dedos cuando escuchamos lo que tiene que decir ese sujeto: — Esto no es un simulacro. Este es el Servicio Automático de Emergencia anunciando el inicio de la Noche de la Expiación legalizada por el Gobierno de la República Mexicana. Las armas de clase 4 o menor serán autorizadas para su uso durante la Noche de la Expiación, cualquier otra arma estará prohibida. Los oficiales de policía y la fuerza militar tendrán terminantemente prohibido proteger a la comunidad durante la Noche de la Expiación y no podrán estar armados. Al sonar la sirena, todos los crímenes, incluido el asesinato, será legal durante doce horas continuas. Policía, bomberos y los servicios de emergencia médica estarán inhabilitados hasta el día de mañana a las 7:00am, cuando la Noche de la Expiación concluya. En nombre de los heroes de nuestra patria, la República Mexicana: una nueva nación está surgiendo. Que Dios los bendiga. Desaparece Joaquín López Doriga y en la pantalla vuelve a verse aquél fondo negro que esta vez con enormes letras rojas anuncia, mientras suena la sirena: LA NOCHE DE LA EXPIACIÓN HA COMENZADO[Chapter 10] 15 de Septiembre, 2016 7:05 pm Once horas y 55 minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación. Alex y yo no hemos soltado nuestras manos desde que se dio el anuncio. De pronto me ha invadido un temor desmesurado, imposible de explicar con palabras. —Todo estará bien —me asegura con una sonrisa. Pero entonces escuchamos los gritos de la casa de enfrente y mi corazón da un vuelco. — ¡No! ¡Por favor! Un disparo. Dos. Tres. Un correteo y el chirrido de los neumáticos de un auto que se aleja a toda velocidad. Alex aferra mi mano con más fuerza y Yolanda se levanta de su asiento para ir a la cocina por un bocadillo. Por alguna razón me siento más segura con ella en casa. Y el hecho de tenerla en casa me aterra de igual manera. —Tenemos que seguir con la farsa —urge Joaquín y chasquea los dedos frente a mi rostro para hacerme reaccionar. — ¡Deja de chasquear los dedos! —le respondo enfurecida—. ¡Odio cuando haces eso! Pero él sólo ríe y toma el mando del televisor. Tomo mi teléfono celular y escribo un nuevo estado en Facebook donde digo que ya he matado a tres personas y reto a alguien a que vaya a buscarme si se atreve. Me aseguro de adjuntar una ubicación falsa y lo dejo en mi muro. —Veamos una película —sugiere Yolanda cuando regresa—. Me caga que se queden callados como si estuviéramos a punto de morir. —Estamos a punto de morir —le digo entornando los ojos—. ¿No te ha quedado claro que todos los crímenes son legales esta noche? —No hay razones para que nos maten —sigue diciendo ella—. Lo único que habrá será pendejos cargándose a quien se ponga enfrente y otros irán y saquearán todos los supermercados, las tiendas y esas madres. Si nos quedamos aquí, no nos pasará nada. Remata su frase ofreciéndome una taza de café caliente. —No, gracias —le digo apartando la taza. —Por favor, Alison —se burla Yolanda con su risa cruel—. Si quisiera matarte, no te envenenaría. Iría por un cuchillo y te cortaría la garganta. Pellizca mi mejilla y deja la taza de café en la mesa de centro. Sé que tiene razón, pero aún así no me atrevo a darle un trago a esa taza de café.[Chapter 11] Departamento de bomberos de Ciudad Universitaria, México DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 7:30pm Once horas y treinta minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación Corrió a toda velocidad en cuanto se dio la alerta, todavía estaba escuchándose la sirena cuando encontró su escondite. Parecía ser el plan perfecto. ¿Quién lo buscaría estando dentro de una estación de bomberos? Después de todo, los servicios de emergencia estarían inactivos durante doce horas. Nadie lo buscaría. Y aún así, llevaba en las manos un tubo de metal que pretendía usar para defenderse en caso de ser necesario. Abrió sigilosamente la puerta que conducía a un almacén lleno de cajas de cartón y la bloqueó con ayuda de un par de ellas. De fondo sólo podía escuchar algunos gritos desgarradores y risas psicóticas. Estando ahí, en su refugio, sólo podía preguntarse si podría sobrevivir aquella noche.[Chapter 12] Culiacán, Sinaloa 15 de Septiembre, 2016 8:00pm Once horas para el final de la Noche de la Expiación Al principio, cuando sus amigos lo convencieron de salir un rato antes de que tuvieran que ir a ocultarse, le pareció que era un buen plan. Pero en esos momentos, a una hora de haber comenzado la Noche de la Expiación y oculto detrás de un contenedor de basura en compañía de los mismos amigos que lo habían convencido de estar en las calles. Estaba a casi dos horas de su casa. Su única compañía, además de sus amigos, era su teléfono celular. La batería estaba casi agotada. — Tenemos que salir —sugirió uno de los muchachos. Aterrados, el grupo accedió. Pero en cuanto se pusieron de pie y comenzaron a avanzar, escucharon a sus espaldas un grito que les heló la sangre. — ¡Ahí! ¿¡A dónde van!? Un grupo de siete sujetos enmascarados les cerró el paso. De alguna forma supieron que habían llegado a su fin.[Chapter 13] Cuautitlán, México DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 8:30pm Diez horas y treinta minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación Fue necesario que se legalizara la Noche de la Expiación para que ella se diera cuenta del peligro que corría gracias a su profesión. Fue por eso mismo que consiguieron un arsenal lo suficientemente bueno como para poder defenderse. Claro que nada de eso fue suficiente. Sus dos hijos mayores, Giovanni y Daniel, no dejaban de disparar a todos aquellos enmascarados que pretendían entrar por la puerta principal de la casa. Entrar era fácil para todos aquellos que querían vengarse de la mujer que los había enviado a prisión alguna vez, pues habían derribado la puerta principal. Todos eran enmascarados que iban armados hasta los dientes. Las defensas dejaron de ser útiles cuando comenzaron a entrar por todas las ventanas. — ¡Giovanni! —escuchó aquél atractivo muchacho gritar a su hermana menor. — Eliza… —musitó aterrado. Se alejó de la trinchera donde estaba oculto y corrió hasta la cocina, donde había escuchado los gritos de su hermana menor. Con el arma cargada y listo para disparar, derribó de una patada la puerta de la cocina y vio a su hermana forcejeando con uno de aquellos enmascarados. — ¡No toques a mi hermana, pendejo! —exclamó y disparó. Tres detonaciones fueron necesarias para que el sujeto enmascarado cayera de espaldas. Eliza cayó al suelo igualmente y Giovanni corrió para auxiliarla, sólo para darse cuenta de que su querida hermana tenía un cuchillo clavado en el estómago. Ella dejó de moverse y él, con el rostro desencajado, retrocedió con pasos temblorosos. Volvió sobre sus pasos y tuvo que detenerse en seco cuando se percató de que los disparos ya se habían silenciado. — ¿Daniel? —llamó con la voz quebrada por el nudo en la garganta. El silencio le parecía estremecedor. Alcanzó a distinguir la figura de su hermano, hecho un ovillo sobre un charco de su propia sangre. Volvió a retroceder y cayó de espaldas haciendo un tremendo esfuerzo para evitar gritar. Cinco segundos tardó en recuperarse. Subió las escaleras, haciendo caso omiso de los cadáveres de los dos cachorros que yacían sin vida a los pies de los peldaños. Iba de dos en dos, dando saltos para llegar arriba lo más rápido que pudiera. Ni bien se encontró en la segunda planta, vio la aterradora imagen del cadáver de su padrastro. La cabeza había sido totalmente seccionada del resto de su cuerpo. — ¿Mamá? —musitó con voz tenue—. ¿Estás aquí? Un grito desgarrador fue su respuesta. Siguió el sonido de lo que parecía ser un objeto contundente quebrando algunos huesos hasta llegar al dormitorio de su madre. Al fondo estaba ella, bañada en sangre, con el cuerpo de un enmascarado a sus pies. Al menos parecía ser un enmascarado, era imposible saberlo pues su rostro había quedado totalmente destruido gracias a los repetidos golpes producidos por la lámpara que ella aún tenía en las manos. — ¿Qué pasó? —Susurró Giovanni alterado, poco seguro de que tuviera que comunicarle que todos estaban muertos—. ¿Dónde está Kenya? Pero no hizo falta que su madre respondiera, pues pronto pudo ver a su hermana más pequeña, con la cabeza cubierta con una sábana ensangrentada. No se movía en lo más mínimo. — Ma-mató a Kenya… —decía la enloquecida mujer—. Él… Mató a… Comenzó acercarse lentamente a Giovanni con la lámpara en alto sin dejar de repetirlo. — Mató a Kenya… La mató… Levantó la lámpara nuevamente y Giovanni, consciente del peligro, apuntó con el arma a la cabeza de su madre y disparó. El cuerpo de aquella mujer se desplomó a sus pies. Llorando desconsoladamente, Giovanni dejó caer el arma y retrocedió hasta encontrarse devuelta en el pasillo. Tenía que irse, no había razones para quedarse ahí. Pronto llegarían más enmascarados. Así que volvió velozmente a la habitación para intentar tomar el arma sin mirar el cuerpo de su madre. Las lágrimas brotaban de sus ojos cuando entró en el cuarto de baño, el único que parecía no haber sufrido desperfectos. Abrió la puerta lentamente y por poco presionó el gatillo cuando sintió ese par de delgados brazos rodeándole el cuello. — ¡Estás bien! Era su novia, Xiadani, que tenía los ojos anegados en lágrimas. Sintiéndose un poco aliviado, Giovanni le devolvió el abrazo para luego separarse de ella y tomarla por los hombros para mirarle fijamente a sus ojos de color café. — Escúchame, Xia, debemos irnos —dijo. — Estás… Estás llorando… —musitó ella aterrada—. ¿Qué pasó? ¿Dónde están todos? — Tenemos que irnos, ¿sí? —Insistió él con impaciencia—. Dame la mano, cierra los ojos, y no me sueltes hasta que yo te diga, ¿entiendes? Ella no supo la razón pero vaya que le aterró ver la forma en la que actuaba Giovanni. Con todo, obedeció. Le tomó de la mano con fuerza, cerró los ojos y sólo pudo sentir cómo él tiraba de ella para sacarla a toda velocidad de la casa. El único sonido que podía escuchar, además de los estragos de afuera, era la respiración agitada y los sollozos que soltaba su novio.[Chapter 14] Villas de Aragón, México DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 9:00 pm Diez horas para el final de la Noche de la Expiación Intento dormitar para distraerme un poco, pero cualquier pequeño sonido que escucho me pone nerviosa. Afuera no ha ocurrido nada que amerite ser contado, nada distinto a algunos gritos y algunos pocos disparos. Yolanda tiene razón, todo parece ser muy tranquilo en esta zona. Me sobresalta el tono de llamada entrante en mi teléfono, las miradas de Alex, Yolanda y Joaquín se posan sobre mí. Es miedo lo que se refleja en sus ojos. —No respondas —me susurra Alex. —Recuerda que todos creen que estás afuera —dice Yolanda. —Si no respondo, sabrán que estoy ocultando algo —le respondo. — ¡Apaga ese puto teléfono! —exclama Yolanda. Pero no lo hago y respondo. — ¿Qué? —digo exasperada. —Creí que estabas en la Latino … Es la voz de Erick. Mi compañero de clases. Miro desesperada a Alex para comunicarle lo que ocurre pero él parece no entenderlo. —Escucha, lo que te voy a decir es importante —sigue diciendo Erick—. No importa cuántas estanterías uses para cubrirte, estás en un buen sitio para volarte la puta cabeza. Joaquín tira de mí cuando escuchamos el cristal quebrándose. Caigo al suelo de rodillas y siento la bala pasar a pocos milímetros de mi oreja izquierda. Alex corre para verificar que todo está en orden y Yolanda toma su Revólver para mirar por la ventana rota. Una, dos, tres detonaciones. No se escucha ningún cuerpo cayendo. — ¿Estás bien? —me pregunta Alex angustiado. Asiento, agitada y sobresaltada. —A la mierda esto —dice Yolanda y de una patada tira la estantería que bloquea la puerta principal. La veo sacar un cuchillo de sus pantalones, ¿cómo diablos llegó ahí? No me sorprende en realidad. — ¡A ver, hijo de la chingada! Salimos detrás de ella, justo a tiempo para ver cómo toma a Erick por los cabellos y lo obliga a salir de su escondite, detrás de nuestro auto. — ¡De rodillas, cabrón! Lo golpea un par de veces con el mango de su Revólver y velozmente toma su cuchillo para clavarlo en la nuca de Erick. Él cae a nuestros pies y la sangre comienza a encharcarse. Agitada, nos mira y me señala con la punta de su cuchillo. —Todo es tu culpa, por pendeja —me dice—. ¡Te dije que apagaras esa chingadera! Intenta abalanzarse sobre mí pero Joaquín consigue sujetar su mano a tiempo para evitar que corte mi rostro con el cuchillo. Ella tarda un poco en relajarse y yo vuelvo a entrar a la casa, tan sólo preguntándome si es seguro estar con ella en la misma casa. No puedo seguir pensando en ello pues entra otra llamada a mi celular. — ¡No contestes, pendeja! —exclama Yolanda desde fuera, Alex viene detrás de mí y se nota aterrado. Miro la pantalla de mi teléfono. Es Xiadani. — ¿Qué? —digo cuando respondo. — ¿Podemos ir contigo? —Pregunta ella al otro lado de la línea—. ¿Podemos escondernos con ustedes? Está llorando. Desconsoladamente. — ¿Estás bien? —le pregunto un poco angustiada. Aunque entonces me doy cuenta de algo crucial, quizá tan apresuradamente que me siento orgullosa de ello. —Aguarda —le digo—. ¿Cómo sabes que estamos ocultándonos?[Chapter 15] 15 de Septiembre, 2016 9:05 pm Nueve horas y 55 minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación. — ¿Qué? Siempre me ha partido el corazón escucharla llorar pero hoy todo es distinto. — ¿Cómo sabes dónde estamos? —repito. Alex y Joaquín recorren velozmente la casa. No hay intrusos. —Porque si estuvieras fuera, no estarías hablando por teléfono. Mierda. — ¡Por favor, déjanos ir! —insiste desesperadamente, de fondo se escuchan disparos y carcajadas desquiciadas—. ¡Aquí afuera es horrible! ¡Están matando personas por todas partes! ¡Hay enmascarados en cada esquina y mucha sangre! — ¿Dónde estás ahora? ¿Y qué diablos haces afuera? — ¡Giovanni dijo que teníamos que irnos pero tuvimos que parar porque los enmascarados nos cerraron el paso! ¡Necesitamos donde escondernos! —Perdona, pero yo no… — ¡No quiero que me maten! ¡Tengo miedo! Remara su frase con un sollozo explosivo. —Dame eso —dice Yolanda y me arrebata el teléfono de la mano con tal violencia que sus uñas afiladas me provocan un par de rasguños—. ¿Qué chingados quieres? —Dice al teléfono y hace una breve pausa—. ¡Ni siquiera lo pienses! ¡Si vienes aquí y alguien te ve, a todos nos matarían! —Otra pausa—. ¡Me vale madres! ¡Están demasiado lejos, ojalá alguien se los chingue mientras vienen hacia aquí! Y cuelga. No sólo eso, le quita la batería al teléfono y lo deja sobre la mesa de noche. Me apunta con el filo de su cuchillo, de nuevo, y sisea con tono amenazador: —Más vale que no empieces con tus buenas acciones del día o seré yo la que te mate, ¿entiendes? —Perra que ladra, no muerde —le respondo con la misma actitud—. Es mi mejor amiga, no puedo dejarla ahí. — ¡No chingues, por favor! —exclama Joaquín igualmente enfurecido—. ¡Hoy no podemos confiar en nadie! —Si no podemos confiar en nadie, entonces todos váyanse a la chingada —le digo furtivamente—. ¡Largo de mi casa! —Esta ni siquiera es tu casa, pinche mantenida de mierda —me espeta Yolanda con voz aguda. —Si alguien más viene, nos pondría a todos en peligro —dice Alex intentando parecer firme y tranquilo, me mira a los ojos y me es imposible ignorarlo—. No sabemos si alguien está detrás de ella. — ¿Quién estaría detrás de ella? —Le reclamo—. La que tiene enemigos aquí soy yo, ella está limpia. — ¿Su novio? —sugiere Joaquín. — ¿Por qué querría matarla él? —pregunta Alex exasperado. —Por favor, siempre hay una estúpida razón para matar a tu novia —responde Joaquín encogiéndose de hombros. Yolanda lo fulmina con la mirada. —Bueno, no me importa —intervengo para retomar nuestra discusión, aunque eso signifique tener que llegar a la violencia y a tres posibles asesinatos, si no es que cuatro—. Iré por ella, me necesita. —Lo que necesita es que alguien le vuele la maldita cabeza —dice Yolanda entre dientes. —Sé que es peligroso confiar en alguien del exterior en estos momentos —le digo alzando un poco la voz—, pero si no voy con ella y le ayudo con esto, ¿quién más va a ayudarla? —El concepto de la Noche de la Expiación no es ayudar al prójimo —me recuerda exasperada—. ¿Quieres que te maten? —Quiero evitar que la maten a ella. Nos fulminamos con las miradas y la habitación se sume en total silencio. Sé lo que todos están pensando: que deberían matarme para evitar estos momentos en los que tengo una crisis de consciencia. —Tienes razón —dice Alex y me sobresalto al escucharlo—. Una persona tan pequeña e inocente es como carne fresca para todos los que salieron a causar destrozos. —Y es por eso que no debemos confiar en ella —sigue quejándose Yolanda—. ¿Soy la única que piensa que esto es una puta trampa? —Si salimos de aquí, no podremos volver hasta que haya terminado todo el desmadre y quien se quede aquí correría peligro —dice Joaquín pensativo. —Eso es verdad —concedo un poco frustrada—. Si salimos, tendremos que pasar la noche afuera. Eso o asegurarnos de volver sin que nadie nos esté siguiendo. —Querrás decir: eso si sobrevivimos y no nos carga la chingada ahí afuera —se queja Yolanda. — ¿Quieres dejar de ser tan vulgar cuando hablas? —le reclamo. Terminaremos matándonos entre nosotros. —Yo iré por Xiadani, no me importa si tengo que ir sola —sigo diciendo con valentía. —Por favor, vas a valer madres ni bien pongas un puto pie ahí afuera —vuelve a quejarse Yolanda. — ¡Bien, ya basta! —exclama Alex exasperado—. Tenemos que tomar una desición. —No puedo creer que te estés dejando convencer por esta perra —dice Yolanda señalándome con una sacudida de la cabeza, entorno los ojos y me dejo caer en el sofá soltando un resoplido—. A todos nos cargará la chingada, de mí se van a acordar cuando estemos ahí. — ¿Entonces te quedas? —Le pregunta Alex—. Porque yo iré con Alison. Y no puedo evitar sonreírle aunque sé que se está arriesgando a morir sólo para cumplir mis caprichos estúpidos. —Claro que no, wey —responde ella—. Iré con ustedes. Alguien tiene que cuidarles el culo. Me muerdo el labio inferior para evitar reír. — ¿Y tú, wey? —le pregunta Alex a Joaquín. Él sólo se encoge de hombros. Así que saldremos para rescatar a mi mejor amiga de la Noche de la Expiación. O quizá iremos directo a la boca del lobo, esto podría ser una trampa. Y yo, por querer ser una buena persona, estoy condenándonos.[Chapter 16] Culiacán, Sinaloa 15 de Septiembre, 2016 9:10 pm Nueve horas y cincuenta minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación. Fue brutal. Se divirtieron con ellos al grado de reír a carcajadas cuando escuchaban los gritos de agonía que soltaron todos aquellos muchachos mientras los torturaban. Lo que más les gustó fue atarlos de manos y pies para que no escaparan y así pudieran presenciar la tortura a la que sometían al resto de sus amigos mientras esperaban su turno. Y llegaría. Podían tomarse su tiempo. Tenían doce horas, después de todo. Lo primero que hacían era desnudar a sus víctimas, el resto podía conservar sus ropas mientras estuvieran esperando su turno. Dejaban las prendas en un montículo al que luego le rociaban encima un poco de gasolina y lanzaban un fósforo encendido. No necesitarían sus ropas, nunca más. Acto seguido, el líder de aquél grupo abusaba sexualmente de la víctima mientras el resto reía a carcajadas. Cuando el líder no podía conseguir una erección, utilizaba el mango de un mazo de croquet para introducirlo en el orificio anal de su víctima un par de veces. Al finalizar el acto, le daba una patada al desdichado para luego atacarlo a punta de puñaladas. Sus cómplices se unían a la masacre con sus propias armas. Utilizaban pinzas de electricista para arrancar con saña las uñas, con pequeños martillos quebraban los dedos y utilizaban llaves de plomero para arrancar los dedos de los pies. A las mujeres les cortaban los pezones con unas tijeras y a los hombres les perforaban los testículos con algunos clavos antes de utilizar un cuchillo para cortar sus miembros. Era una tortura terrible e interminable. Cuando la víctima se quedaba sin energías, el líder del grupo de enmascarados tomaba un hacha para cortar las piernas y los brazos. Sólo cuando el charco de sangre ya era demasiado grande, sacaba el Revólver que llevaba enfundado en su cinturón y simplemente disparaba para perforar los cráneos. Aquello se repetía con cada una de las víctimas. Fue así como Mario terminó atado, aterrado, con los pantalones mojados pues se había orinado encima. Sus pies, ahora descalzos, estaban empapados de sangre. — Y ahora vas tú —canturreó el líder apuntando a Mario con el cañón de su Revólver. Al mismo tiempo que estallaba en una sarta de improperios e insultos, otro enmascarado usó un cuchillo para cortar las ataduras. Fue entonces que su instinto de supervivencia lo hizo reaccionar y le dio la fuerza suficiente para que se pusiera de pie, tambaleándose, y arrebatara el mazo de croquet de las manos del enmascarado para golpearlo en la mandíbula y derribarlo. No se movía, Mario lo creyó muerto. Sorprendidos e incrédulos ante lo que había ocurrido, los enmascarados se miraron unos a otros apagando el sonido de sus desquiciadas carcajadas. Mario aprovechó entonces para correr, dándole un empujón a dos de ellos y derribando a un tercero. Corriendo a toda velocidad, tanto como sus pies descalzos que se resbalaban a causa de la sangre le permitían, dobló en la esquina y se sintió a salvo. Fue entonces cuando lo sintió. Un dolor punzante en el centro de su espalda, el filo de un cuchillo que se clavó hasta que el mango le impidió seguir perforando. Se desplomó en el suelo sin poder moverse, sus piernas no le respondían y con la caída se había roto la nariz. Escuchó las risas de los enmascarados que se congregaban a su alrededor, pronto comenzó a llorar al percatarse de que no sobreviviría. — Voy a disfrutar mucho esto… —le dijo una voz que le pareció aterradoramente familiar. Lo último que Mario sintió fue el filo de algún arma blanca cuando alguien, estaba seguro de que era la misma persona que había hablado, la colocó sobre su nuca.[Chapter 17] Villas de Aragón, México DF 15 de Septiembre, 2016 9:15 pm Nueve horas y 45 minutos para el final de la Noche de la Expiación. Cargamos el auto con todo lo que pudimos llevar con nosotros, con todas las armas que podíamos cargar y que no nos impedirían correr en caso de que no pudiéramos seguir avanzando con el auto. Dejamos a los perros encerrados en el cuarto de baño, con una dotación suficiente de comida para todos. Sólo en caso de no poder regresar y de que nos maten, espero en verdad que si alguien los encuentra al menos tenga la piedad suficiente como para no lastimarlos y terminar velozmente con sus vidas. Nuestro plan consiste en acercarnos lo más posible al centro de la ciudad. Si no vemos a Xiadani, volveremos y volveremos a atrincherarnos. Eso, suponiendo que nadie entre a nuestra casa mientras estamos fuera. —Todo listo —dice Joaquín una vez que retira todas las cadenas con las que cerramos el zaguán negro de la entrada. —Espero que no nos cargue la chingada por querer hacer caso de las pendejadas de Alison —se queja Yolanda, lleva cuchillos por todas partes. Ellos dos suben al auto, van en el asiento trasero. En caso de que no podamos seguir o alguien nos impida el paso, los cuatro decidimos saltar del auto aunque sigua en movimiento. Por la misma razón, ninguno usará los cinturones de seguridad. —Oye —me llama Alex y me pone las manos en los hombros para hacerme girar sobre mis talones y mirarlo de frente. —Alex… Lo amo, siempre lo he hecho, pero por alguna razón siento que no puedo confiar en él. Y al mismo tiempo siento el impulso de despedirme demostrándole mi amor por última vez, sólo en caso de que… — ¿Estás segura de esto? —Me pregunta—. Todavía podemos retractarnos. En cuanto salgamos por el zaguán, ya no podemos volver. Asiento lentamente y me paro de puntillas para besarlo, él siempre ha sido un poco más alto que yo. Compartimos entonces una mirada de amor, nuestros ojos cubiertos por una capa de lágrimas intentan hacer que nos comuniquemos sin palabras. Lo que nos decimos mutuamente es: te amo, pero hoy vamos a morir . ","Summary":" div id=\"ql-line-1\" style=\"text-align: center;\" data-p-id=\"c65f256fe6522d94bf97715c78466cd4\"em"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"Running","Author":"bbwzoey86","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12793034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi so this is my first Fanfiction story and I decided to start with The Purge. Sometimes I skip read after I write so I apologise beforehand on any spelling mistakes, I hope you enjoy the story. The story is Leo Barnes and OC (female), it will be a T for now but may be an MA later.[Chapter 2] It was the first time that Rowan had truly been alone, she had finally moved out of her parents' home and headed to LA. Her mother had been less than happy to see her only child leave the nest, her mother Janet had become overbearing and controlling. Now twenty-one she wanted to see the world, she lived in a small town in Nevada, where everyone knew everyone's business. Rowan had never had many friends in her hometown, she thought herself an outcast and a bit of a nerd. She was not like the popular girls in class, she did not like going to parties; getting drunk or high. Boys never really took an interest in her because she was quiet and shy, she never knew what to say to them. Worried that she would make an ass out of herself and be bullied throughout the remainder of high school. College was never on the cards for Rowan, she hated high school even though she graduated with honours. It was not that her mother did not encourage her because she did, she did everything to give her daughter everything that she needed. Sometimes it was a struggle for her mother, they never had much money but Rowan never complained. She was proud of where she came from, her mother had raised all alone and without her father's help. The last Rowan heard of her father was that he was in jail after another DUI, her father Anthony was an alcoholic and had never been around throughout her childhood. Rowan often wondered what attracted her mother to her father and how they even managed to conceive a child. Her mother had hated her father, Anthony had abandoned her mother when she needed him the most. After breaking the news of her pregnancy, he freaked out and left. Her mother was left to go through the pregnancy alone, her mother had no one. Rowan's grandparents were long gone and her uncle lived on the other side of the country and couldn't do anything to help. Her uncle worked in a garage somewhere in Florida, he did not earn a lot of money and had never set eyes on Rowan on person. Rowan's mother worked in Walmart as a cashier, the money wasn't much but it was enough to keep a roof over their heads and clothes on their backs. Rowan had even taken a job there after high school it had taken three years to save enough money to leave for LA. Her poor mother was heartbroken that she was to be left alone, but what she worried about the most was her daughter's safety. Worried that during the purge that she would no longer be able to keep her daughter safe, Rowan tried to reassure her that she would be fine and that she could protect herself. It had taken several months to convince her mother that it was a good idea, she was adult now and that she could make her own decisions. After many discussions with her mother Rowan packed as much as she could carry and jumped onto a bus heading to LA. Saying goodbye to her mom was harder than she could imagine; she hugged Rowan so tightly that she could barely breathe. During that moment she insisted that her daughter call her as soon as she stepped off the bus, at least to know that she was okay. Janet had heard how dangerous LA could be even when it was not purge night, she had slipped a small Smith and Weston in Rowan's bag. Rowan had never liked guns and hated the idea of having it on her person, but decided to accept the gift as her mom would not have taken no as an answer. Before leaving her hometown behind Rowan had found a small studio apartment in downtown LA, it wasn't the best place in town but the rent was cheap and she could survive for a while on her savings whilst she found a job to pay the bills. It had taken some weeks before she finally found somewhere, she had found a waitressing job at a diner not far from the apartment, she had been told of the job by her new neighbours. Their names where Zoe and Eva, Eva's father also lived with them too but Rowan never saw him much. Eva had informed her he wasn't in the best of health and she was worried that she could no longer afford to pay for his medication. Rowan and Eva had been a great comfort to one another. Before Rowan knew it time had flown and the dreaded night of the purge had grown closer, the one night that she hated and caused her great worry.[Chapter 3] It was the day of the Purge, the day that Rowan dreaded the most, her mother had already called her that morning before she had left for work. Her mother had warned to her to stay safe and that she had a terrible feeling that something was about to happen to her only child. Rowan still carried the weapon that her mother had given her on the day that she had left, it was not only because of the Purge that she had it with her. It was also that she heard that many people in that neighbourhood had been held at gunpoint and mugged. She had often worked in the diner late at night and did not want to walk outside without something to protect her. However so far Rowan had only been cat called as she worked home and grabbed by horny old men in the diner as she worked. She had put up with it as she needed the job to pay her bills, she had to try so hard not to slap them in their stupid ass faces. But the creeps were good tippers and she had to pretend that she was none the wiser to their wandering hands. Rowan had not yet dated since she arrived at LA, although she was not short of admirers, Carlos had tried many times to persuade her to go on a date with him but she had heard rumours that he was a bit of a male slut. Tanya had even tried to convince her but she did not like him in that way, she knew that once he had her then he would soon lose interest. He had asked her several times to give her a ride home, but as she lived close by Rowan would refuse; she did not trust his intentions. Rowan was no virgin she had been with men before but she never had the best luck with them. The last relationship ended badly after she found her boyfriend in bed with her so called best friend, she had not trusted men ever since. Friends had warned her that she should not tarnish men with the same brush, but inside she was scared to open herself up again. That morning at the diner it was busy than Rowan had first thought it would be, she had blamed the preparation for the annual Purge. People buying supplies to secure their homes against looters and intruders, it would be the first time that she would spent the night alone. It made her nervous thinking about it that she found herself becoming distracted as she worked. It caused her to make small mistakes on orders and getting yelled at by the manager. Rowan was moved behind to behind the counter, serving coffee and drinks to the customers. Eva had walked behind the counter to speak to her, she had noticed that the young girl had plenty on her mind. They had become close friends over the months that Rowan had moved next door, she was worried that something may be plaguing her. 'Everything okay Row?' Eva asks her, pulling Rowans attention away from the customers. 'Yeah I'm good. Why do you ask?' 'You look like you have your head up in the clouds' 'I'm sorry. It's this dam night, I hate it' Rowan tells her as she puts away the coffee jug 'It's the first time I will be on my own and I'm worried about my mom' 'Why don't you come and spend the night with me and Cali? my dad will be there too' 'Are you sure, about that? I don't want to be in the way or anything' 'Yes. If you want to, I'm sure Cali and my dad would be okay if you stayed over' she tells Rowan 'We are friends and I would worry if you were on your own' 'Thanks Eva that's kind of you' 'It's nothing. I don't have an extra room but you could crash on the sofa' 'That's okay by me. Are you sure this is okay?' 'I'm sure come over at four. I have to stay late and talk with the boss but Zoe and my dad should be at home' 'Thanks, so much Eva. I appreciate it' Rowan wraps her arms around Eva's neck and hugs her, grateful to be sharing the night with her friends. 'What's going on here?' Rowan recognises the familiar voice as she pulls away she finds Carlos watching them intently. 'Eva has invited me to spend the Purge with her and the family' 'That's great Rowan. That's nice of you Eva' 'Well Rowan lives on her own and her mom is back home. I think safety in numbers would be best tonight' Eva tells him. 'You should have told me Rowan you could have stayed over at my place' he looks at Rowan and winks at her, causing Rowan to roll her eyes. 'In your dreams Carlos. Not going to happen, Eva lives next door and makes more sense. At least I won't have to worry about your wandering hands' 'Like I would ever do that to you Rowan, I am a gentleman afterall' 'Yeah, Yeah Carlos keep telling yourself that. You're a total man whore' Rowan tells him. 'I am shocked Rowan at how little you think of me' he tells her as he acts faked shocked. 'Get back to work' Rowan picks up a cloth and throws it at his face, causing him to laugh before he walks away. Rowan notices the big boss looking their way as she glares at both Rowan and Eva, slowly she turns and looks back at Eva. 'I think we should get back to work. Darth Vader is looking this way' 'Yeah your right I will see you after my shift alright' Eva tells her as she walks back towards to the tables. 'Thanks again Eva' 'No problem' Rowan felt herself relax after her short talk with Eva, she hoped that the shift that day would soon be over so that she could get home before the crazies came out for the night. The last thing she needed was to bump into one of those guys. Rowan had always been against the Purge, she hated the idea of innocent people being slaughtered. It was usually people like Rowan who were killed, she came from a family that never had much money. It was always the rich that were safely locked away in their large homes, with safety systems to keep their families safe. She believed it was a way to get rid of poor people off the streets so they didn't have to pay for their welfare. They did not give a shit if they all killed each other, just as long as they lived. During her break she called her mom, making sure that her house was secure before the Purge began. Standing outside the diner she calls her mom on her cell phone; the lunch hour rush was almost over and soon enough she could head home. 'I told you sweetie I will be alright. I have Tom here and he will keep me safe, don't you worry about me' her mom tells her. Tom was her mother's boyfriend they had been seeing each other for some time before she left for her new life, he was a great guy. He had been sweet to her mother and treated her like a princess, he was kind to her too as he never had kids of his own. 'I will always worry about you mom. I miss you so much' 'I miss you too jellybean' Her mom had always named her Jellybean since she could remember, neither of whom could remember where it had come from. 'It worries me that you are so far away and this stupid Purge deal is tonight' 'I know, I know' 'My neighbour Eva has invited me to stay with her and her family tonight. So, I won't be alone tonight, so you won't have to worry about me either' Rowan tells her. 'That's great. Can you trust them?' 'Mom. Yes, I can trust them, I work with Eva and she is very kind to me' she answers quickly 'She told me about the job and even trained me' 'Well if you're sure. I just hate that you are so far away and I cannot protect you' 'I will be alright I swear' 'You better. Call me tomorrow Rowan, let me know that you are okay' 'I will mom. I promise you, stay safe' Rowan reassures her as she begins to fidget, her feet are causing her pain that day and could not wait to remove her uncomfortable shoes. 'Stay safe Jelly bean, I love you' 'I love you too, bye mom' 'Bye' Rowan ends the phone call and places her cell phone back into her apron, taking a deep breath she walks back inside and helps Eva during the busy dinner service. The rest of the day dragged on until it was the end of her shift, the rest of her friends have a little longer to work. She hugs each them goodbye, she even finds herself hugging Carlos and wishes them a safe night. Eva promises to see her later that night, Rowan soon leaves and heads home. The streets are still bustling as people are rushing home from work just as she was, small stores were trying to sell the last of their wears to the purgers. As she finally arrives at her apartment she decides to have a quick shower and change into some comfortable clothes before heading to Eva's place, but before she set off she sat down and had a rest before all hell would break loose.[Chapter 4] Resting her tired feet after a long day at the diner; Rowan begin to bask in the quiet of her apartment even though the silence was broken by the cars driving past on the street outside and neighbours making a noise in the adjoining apartments. She did not regretting moving to LA and starting anew; she needed a change in her life as she worried that she would never amount to anything. Although she worked as a waitress in a diner she finally decided to return to community college; even though she was not looking forward to the idea but she did not want to be a waitress forever. The pay was the best and was a struggle to get by and often she had to take extra shifts so she could pay her bills. She was still deciding on which classes to attend and put it off until after the purge in case something happened to her. The purge night was unpredictable, there were times that you were left alone and people would leave you be. Then there were others who were intent on harming you but giving up when they realise they cannot break inside. Rowan hoped on this night that she would be safe in the company of her friend and her family; they could protect one another and keep them from harm. No longer to sit longer Rowan decided to pack her overnight bag for Eva's, packing a change of clothes and her handy pistol in case in was needed. Rowan had hoped that she would never have to fire that gun and it was good to have in her purse. Instead of waiting for Eva to finish her shift at the diner she decided to head on over to her apartment hoping that Cali and Papa Rico were home. She could not bear to be alone; the purge was making her nervous and putting her on edge. Locking up her apartment tight as she hoped that no one would break in and steal her stuff, she had tried to hide anything of value and hoped they would not look hard enough. Rowan made her way to Eva's apartment and knocked hard on the door, hoping that someone was home. She waited patiently at the closed door, until she heard footsteps coming from the other side and the door slowly opens. As the door widens she is pleased to see Cali's face in front of her, glad that she will soon be in the company of friends. 'Rowan hey, come in my mom said that you would be coming over after your shift' 'Thanks Cali. I'm glad your home, I need a distraction from this night' she answers as she follows Cali inside and closes the door behind her 'Hi Papa Rico. What are you guys watching?' 'What are you looking at?' Papa Rico asks Cali as Rowan stands behind Cali and Papa Rico. 'Nothing. Just, you know, stuff. Are you okay?' 'Yeah. I'm fine' 'You sure?' 'You don't need to keep asking me' 'She's just worried about you Rico' Rowan speaks up. 'I know but she doesn't need to keep asking' 'My name is Donald Talbot. Our regime was voted into office nine years ago. And the first order of business was to deal with the epidemic of crime that was plaguing this nation. The answer was the Purge ' We've lost our souls to attain this peace. We no longer worship at the altar of Christ, Muhammad, Yahweh. We worship at the altar of Smith & Wesson. We, the people, know not what we do ' 'Horseshit. Where'd you find this lunatic?' Rico spoke up once again. 'I saw his protest posters all around the neighborhood. He lives here, Papa. He's just like us. Now, shush. Please listen. He's not a lunatic' ' The Purge is not about containing crime to one night, and cleansing our souls by releasing aggression. It's about one thing. Money. Who dies tonight? The poor. We can't afford to protect ourselves' 'He's as full of shit as they are' 'No, he's right. Come on. They're keeping the population down by getting rid of people like us to save money' Rowan added 'It's the same everywhere' 'Talk is cheap Rowan' 'Mmm-hmm' 'He may be right, but he won't do anything about it' 'You may be right but I hold hope that it may change one day' Rowan moved away from the pair and sat down on the sofa; pulling out a book from her book she began to read in hope to distract her troubled mind. She hoped that this Purge night would be scraped and save innocent lives, the only ones whom seemed to outlive this night were the rich people. While people like Rowan were being wiped in great numbers, to rich the country a few bucks; it made her sick. Money over lives. Rowan had no idea how long she had been sitting there, trying to read her book when she was pulled away from her thoughts by Rico. 'Where is that daughter of mine?' 'She stayed to do an extra shift, one of the girls called in sick this morning. Eva will be back before you know it' Rowan answered knowing that Eva was in fact trying to talk to Mrs Crawley and had told Rowan not to say anything to Papa Rico about it. They needed extra money for his medicine which he hated seeing his daughter pay for as he claimed it wasn't doing anything for him. 'She better be back before this damn night starts' 'Hey, Daddy' Eva called as she walks into the apartment. 'Don't \"hey, Daddy\" me. Where have you been? We're less than two hours until commencement, and you're out gallivanting' 'Gallivanting? I was picking up your medicine' she answered feeling angry that she was being questioned by her father; feeling as if she were a teenager being late back home. 'Even worse. A waste of time and money. Christ, Eva, I told you not to get this stuff' 'I'm tired of listening to this every day'she cried out as she took off her purse and jacket. 'It does nothing... I'm not taking it!' 'You're taking your medicine' she warned him, all the while Rowan remained on the sofa watching the argument between father and daughter. It reminded her of when she would bicker with her mother with something so trivial. 'I'm not taking it! No, I'm not!' 'Yes, you are!' 'I'm not taking it. You're taking it back' 'Oh, my God, really? Can we stop? Look, Papa, maybe it doesn't do anything, but can you just take it? For me? Okay' Cali interrupted as she looked annoyed with her mother and grandpa. 'Okay' 'We'll lockdown and then we'll eat after commencement. Rowan did you anything to eat?' Eva asks as she looks over at Rowan. 'No I haven't' 'I will make an extra plate' 'Thanks Eva you're the best' Rowan added as she went back to reading her book, feeling her eyes becoming heavy. 'Count me out. I'm gonna take a long nap, and don't bother me. I'm gonna try to sleep through this godforsaken holiday. Look, I'm sorry I'm so grumpy, girls. I hate this night. Please, forgive me' she heard Rico butt in. 'Make sure you lockdown everything. I'll take care of my room. I love you both. Very much' She looks up from her book for a moment and watches as Rico hugs his daughter and grand-daughter before walking out of the kitchen to his room, closing the door behind him. 'That was weird. It must be the night' Cali tells her as she looks at her mother, trying to find out what was going on. 'Yeah, I'm gonna take a quick shower, and then we'll lockdown' 'Okay, wait. How did things go with Mrs. Crawley? Did you get the raise?' Cali asks, Eva does not answer her and shakes her head 'God, what a bitch. Well, did you at least make a good argument? Did you say everything that we practiced?' 'I'm sorry, baby. Yeah' 'I'm sorry too Eva' Rowan adds 'She can be a bitch' 'Agreed' 'Would it be okay with you both if I took a nap on the couch?' Rowan asks Eva before placing her book into her bag. 'Yeah of course, I'll wake you up when dinner is ready' 'Thanks' Rowan lies down onto the sofa turning her back to Eva and Cali as she lies on her side; she closes her eyes wishing that she could sleep through this night. Slowly Rowan drifts off to sleep thinking of her mother, praying that she is safe and no harms her.[Chapter 5] News 13 wishes anyone who is not participating in this year's Purge a safe evening and for those releasing the beast, a successful cleanse. Good luck. 'Should I get Papa' Cali speaks up as they focus on the TV in front of them. 'He hates this. Let him sleep' ' This is not a test. This is your Emergency Broadcast System announcing the commencement of The Annual Purge sanctioned by the US Government. Weapons of Class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during the Purge. All other weapons are restricted. Government officials of ranking 10 have been granted immunity... Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. when the Purge concludes. Blessed be our New Founding Fathers, and America, a nation reborn' Rowan had a restless sleep, she had tried her hardest to rest but there was something in the air that was forcing her to stay awake. She had put it down to the purge, worrying if she was going to see it through till tomorrow and if she would see her mom again. The siren warning the start of the purge only put Rowan closer to the edge as she lay quietly thinking to herself. Having enough, Rowan rolls over and lies on her back as she tries to focus on her book, the smell of Eva's cooking making her stomach growl. She had been so busy packing that she forgot to eat something before she returns home to her apartment. Moving her head she looks towards the kitchenette watching Eva and Cali, talking amongst themselves as her mother stood before the cooker. 'Rowan, dinner is ready' Eva calls. Rowan quickly sits up making her feel dizzy for a moment, as she collects herself she places her bag atop her belongings and walks over to the dinner table, making herself comfortable she watches Eva as shares out their supper. 'I'm gonna go get Papa for dinner' 'He said don't bother him' Eva warns her daughter. 'Yeah. I just wanna see if he's awake' Eva shakes her head as she finishes placing the food on the plates. 'Mom!' 'What? What is it?' Eva stops what she is doing and walks into her father's room, Rowan steps out of her chair and follows her worried that something bad had happened to him. 'Mom, come here! What's wrong? Where's Papa?' As Rowan walks into the room she stands idly in the doorway as she watches Cali hand a small piece of paper to Eva. 'What's going on?' Rowan asks 'Where's you grandpa?' 'Look at this' Rowan walks over to Eva and reads the letter he has left behind; Rowan is shocked by what she reads. \"Dearest Eva and Cali, My greatest heartache is seeing the two girls I love so much struggling in this world. I am dying, you know this. I'll be a martyr for a wealthy family tonight They paid me for this service. $100,000 will be transferred into your accounts, my darlings. Take their money Survive the night and live a safe life. love you. Blessed be America, a nation reborn'' 'I don't understand' 'How can he do that to you guys?' Rowan asks. 'It's how the wealthy Purge, baby. They buy poor and sick people, and they take them in their homes and they kill them where they're safe' 'Oh, my God. It's just like Carmelo said. Why would Papa do that? I don't understand why he would do that. Okay, he must have left something that could tell us where he went' 'Cali. Cali….' 'Like his phone. We should call his phone. We could stop him' 'Cali...' Rowan speaks up trying to stop her but Cali was not listening. '- Okay, that's fine. We can do something about this. I don't know what, - but we can still do something about it' 'Cali, stop. Just stop. He's gone. He's gone' Just then Rowan hears a loud engine coming from outside the building, leaving the room she heads into Evas room and peers from behind the screen. Outside stood a large truck as men began to pour from inside and towards their building, she began to feel panicked that something bad was about to go down. Rushing away from the window, Rowan pulls her pistol from inside her bag and tucks it into the back of her pants before joining Eva and Cali who were now looking outside. 'What is this? Who are they?' 'It looks like an army' Rowan replies as Cali and Rowan look at one another, Rowan can see the worry through her eyes. Worried about herself, her grandfather or her mother, Rowan did not know. But there was one thing she did know, that had to get the fuck out of there before some serious shit went down. 'I have no idea' Eva added walking away from the window and into the middle of the room, Rowan could see that Eva was not planned for this, neither of them were but could see that she too was thinking of a way out. '- It's them' 'No, it can't be them, They haven't even come inside yet. That was right in the other room' Rowan told her as she walks towards the front door, trying to hear anything. 'Eva! I'm here to protect you. Protect you from me' 'Mom, where's the gun?' 'It's in the kitchen' 'Don't worry I have mine' Rowan whispered as she pulls out her pistol and holds it out in front of her, trying to be as strong as she could be for her friends but her hands were shaking. 'Where you hiding, bitch? Don't you know that you gotta be polite to people in this society? Because if not, this is what happens tonight!' 'Diego, don't come back here. We have guns and we will shoot you' 'Cali? That you? Oh, I got a little bonus. Got a little package deal. But I'll tell you what, tonight I'm gonna release the beast, on the both of you fucking lame bitches! It's my right, granted to me by the New Found Fathers!' His footsteps coming closer towards them, standing in front of her friends to protect them Rowan holds her gun in front of her. She could hear his heavy breathing coming towards them, she swears to herself that she can even smell his sweaty odour. 'If he touches you, I will shoot him' Rowan promises her friends. 'Rowan he will kill you' Eva warns her. 'You thought your little weak-ass protection was gonna keep me out or what, huh? Let me tell you something. Not with the barricade buster. Saved up a lot of pennies for this bitch, let me tell you' 'Stay back Diego, I will shoot you' Diego walks towards her, closer than she would like. Before she knows he throws a punch at her, punching her hard in the Jaw enough to break it. Rowan collapses to the ground as the gun falls from her grasp and scraps along the floor out of her reach. She groans as she rests her forehead against the ground, she swears that she can see stars. 'Rowan!' Eva screams. Rowan struggles to get herself from the floor; the pain was something she had never felt before. Never in her life had she ever been struck by anyone in her life. ' Mother fucker' Rowan thinks to herself, trying to forget about the pain and help her friends, but his blow had made her dizzy and she found it hard to get back up. 'Diego, don't you hear those people in our building?' 'Now you shut the fuck up! The only thing you gotta be concerned with is who wants to go first. Who?' 'Leave my daughter alone' Eva speaks up as he walks towards forgetting about Rowan on the floor. 'Mom, don't' 'You can do what you want to me, Diego' 'I will. Trust me when I tell you, I will. You better prepare yourself tonight, 'cause tonight, it's motherfucking on, bitch. That's right, because it's Diego's night! It's my night to motherfucking Purge! My fucking time! Every fucking day, you pass me by in the hallway, like I ain't shit! Well, now, that shit fucking changes! I change shit! I beg you, please! - Oh, fucking beg, bitch!' '- Please...' 'You fucking beg! Beg!' 'Please! I'm saying please!' 'Beg, yeah' 'Don't touch my daughter, please. Please, leave her alone' ' - Let me hear you say please' ' - She's got nothing to do with it. Please' 'What's that? Huh? - Is it your father?' '- I don't know' '- Is that your father?' ' - Please, please' 'I like that. Come on, motherfucker! You want some, too? Come and get it! Where you at?' Diego walks past Rowan as Eva and Cali rush to her side helping her get back up, as she stands on shaky feet they hear multiple shots as a body crashes to the ground finally silencing him once and for all. With the help on Cali and Eva she is dragged in to the closet hiding in safety, hoping that whoever killed him would give up and walk away, but after seeing that truck outside Rowan knew it was not going to be that easy. 'Are you okay?' 'I'll be fine Cali, we need to stay quiet. Those guys might find us' Cali nods as she understands, knowing they all have to survive this night as they did not want to be another statistic. As they stood quietly in the dark, they tried hard to quiet their breathing; Rowan was scared out of her wits. She wished she was back at home with her mother, Rowan needed her, and she was vulnerable and left shaken by Diego. She hoped that this night was nothing but a dream and that she was actually still asleep on Eva's sofa but as the closet doors pulled open she was brought back to reality. 'Oh fuck!' Rowan yelled.[Chapter 6] ' This is what he was looking for tonight. Let's bring these two downstairs' Rowan's heading was still spinning from where Diego had hit her, she wished she was the one who pulled the trigger and killed him first but the goons had got there first. She did not understand why these people were dressed as if they were going to war, carrying huge guns in their hands or on their backs. There was something serious going on in their building, it wasn't just their apartment that was being attacked, and they seemed to be breaking into all apartments in the building. Rowan could hear the fearful screams from her neighbours. ' Big Daddy, we have two for your personal Purge. Bringing them down now' She had to be dragged out of the apartment as she was fighting hard to get the person's hands off of her, Rowan feared for her life and her friends for what might be waiting for them on the street outside. The man, dressed it what she thought was combat uniform, kept a strong hold of her upper arms as he forced her to walk down the stairwell. As she looked back, she saw the same dressed people with chainsaws, buzz saws cutting into her neighbour's apartments. Wondering whether they would have the same fate as Diego and shot on the spot, or led to what she believed was a waiting firing line. 'Take your fucking hands off me, you jackass' she told the man behind her as he attempted to guide her outside of the building 'who are you huh? Why you hiding behind a mask you fucking coward? Tell me your name?' The person behind the mask ignored her and continued to shove her along the hallway. 'Not going to talk to me you coward?' 'Shut up' the voice muttered from behind the mask, it was a deep voice; a man's voice. 'You're a fucking pig, do you enjoy this? Taking people from their homes and slaughtering them?' Rowan must have touched a nerve as he pushes her harder, almost making her fall over but crashes in Eva's back making her stumble forward. They are finally outside and find more people dressing in tactical wear, carrying weapons in their hands, behind them stood a large truck with the door pulled open. Together Rowan, Eva and Cali were forced onto their knees; Rowan scrapes her soft hands on the tarmac as she falls forward with the force of the push. The pretend soldiers behind them pointed their guns to the back of their heads ensuring that they did not escape; Cali had begun to struggle and Eva began to worry that her daughter would harmed. 'Get off me!' Cali yelled as the man behind her tried to hold her in place, but was beginning to struggle. 'Cali! No! No! Cali! Oh, God, no!' 'Let go! No! Get the fuck off me!' 'Please! Leave my daughter alone! Please, don't. Please, please, please' 'Get your fucking hands off them, let them go!' Y/n yelled as she looked up she notices a man coming closer to the back entrance of the truck, he looked scary but that was not the first thing she noticed; it was the huge machine gun that he was heading towards. Rowan tried hard to get away but she was held once more by her captor, she squirmed as much as could but he was too strong 'Let me go you asshat!' Rowan hears gunfire coming from behind her and she sees the man in the back of the truck falling backwards, then the armed goons falling around her. Out the frying pan into the fire comes to Rowan's mind as she is frozen into place, scared that she is next and killed by something far worse. She is pulled to her feet by a man she does not recognise, he is handsome she had to admit as she checks him out, feeling his warm hand under her cheek he moves her face to hide and checks out her face. The pain was subsiding on her cheek but it felt swollen and had been replaced by a dull ache. 'Hey you're okay, you're going to be fine' he tells her 'What's your name?' 'R…R…Rowan' she stutters as she wobbles on her feet for a moment. 'Did they do that to you? Your face?' 'No. It was Diego, they killed him' 'Okay let's get out of here, I have a car. Come on' He takes her hand and pulls her away from the dead bodies surrounding them, his car waiting at an intersection not far from where he found them. Eva and Cali following closely behind them as they quickly walk to catch up, Rowan frightened of the events of the night holds tightly on the strangers hand as he leads them from danger. As the reach his small black car he opens the back door to allow Cali and Eva to climb into the backseat, but when he opens the door he notices a couple he did not know already sitting there. He releases Rowan's hand and immediately grabs up his gun, pointing it at the young man and woman. 'Hey! Out of the car!' 'No, no, no! Please! Please, don't!' the young woman yells holding her hands up in surrender. 'Get out of the car, or I will shoot!' 'We're not Purging! We don't have any weapons! Please' the man who Rowan, assumes is her boyfriend butts in. 'I will shoot you!' 'Please don't shoot!' 'Move out of the car now!' the stranger warns for the second time, seeming more serious than the first, Rowan remains by his side as he points his gun at the pair. But they will not listen and remain in the backseat, too scared to come out. 'No, we're not armed!' 'Get out of the car!' 'We can't! They're after us!' Rowan and Cali look up towards the truck and they notice the man that tried to kill him is getting up, he looks towards them with a menacing look intent on killing them all. 'Wait, wait, wait. We have to go! We have to go, please!' Rowan adds 'He's getting back up, come on let them stay!' 'We don't wanna hurt anybody! - Please, don't...' 'Shut up! Shut up! Hands up, and shut your mouth!' 'Please. Please. - Hands are up! Thank you, thank you' 'Get in, get in, get in!' he changes his mind and moves to the driver's side, Rowan takes shotgun with Eva squeezed on the seat beside her, Cali sits beside the couple in the back who are looking through the back window. 'Shane? - What? - They're coming. - We gotta go!' 'Over there, too! There's people over here, too! You gotta move, you gotta move! Please, go! Please' 'Shut up!' 'Drive!' Rowan tells him as she turns to look at him, their eyes meeting for a moment before he puts his foot on the accelerator. 'He's shooting at the motorcycles. They're turning! They're not following us. They're gone, they're gone. They're all gone' '- Are you sure?' 'Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, there's no one there!' 'Are you okay, baby?' Eva asks Cali, unable to turn to look back at her daughter. 'Yeah, I'm fine. Are you? Rowan?' 'Yeah' 'I'll be okay Cali don't you worry about me, I'm a tough cookie, it will take more than a hit in the face to take me down' Rowan chuckles to herself. 'Sir, are you okay?' Cali asks him but does not answer her; instead he looks over to Rowan and Eva. 'You. What was that army doing in your building? - Why were they after you?' 'I don't know' Eva answers him; Rowan notices that she is still in shock after everything that has happened. 'Why were they after you?' 'Look she already told you. We fucking don't know who they were or why they were in our building. All we know is that that they tried to kill us with what I guess is a machine gun so back the fuck off okay. She's scared, we all are, even you' Rowan butted in trying to protect her friends. 'Why are you in the streets?' 'Our car just broke down. We're not out to Purge. We don't wanna hurt anybody' 'Are you armed?' 'No! No!' 'What about you? What were you doing outside?' Cali asks him and again he ignores the question and continues to drive as far away as he could. Rowan wondered why a man like this would be outside on the streets purging when he had just saved all their lives. Someone who was out during the purge would have killed them all, she had seen the videos on the TV growing up and detested it ever since. Maybe it was a trap and he was taking them to their deaths, one thing was for sure Rowan wasn't so sure she could trust him quite yet. She hoped that getting into this man's car did not to their doom; there was one thing for certain she wanted to know why he saved them, why he didn't leave them to die. She wondered if the guy was a cop, a soldier as he was skilled with a gun, he managed to kill all those men without getting himself shot. Without him noticing she decided to check him out one final time, he was handsome, dark hair; she was unable to see what colour and dark eyes . I need to get laid she thinks to herself before turning her eyes back onto the road.[Chapter 7] 'Whoever's in that truck was using armor piercing bullets. The car is dead' Rowan couldn't believe it they had only managed to get a few blocks away from the mad men who stormed their building, she was scared that they would be found as they didn't get far. 'So, that's it. We're stuck outside on Purge Night. What are we gonna do?' the girl in the back asked, Rowan still did not know her name and guessed the man that was with her was her boyfriend 'Can we just hide in here? We have seven hours until morning' 'There's hunters out there with dogs. Sooner or later, they're gonna find you But you do what you want' the guy tells them as they still remain seated in the car. 'Way to be Debbie downer' Rowan tells him 'Hey what's your name?' 'Leo' 'So Leo what are we going to do' ' - You're on your own now' 'Are you fucking kidding me? After everything that has happened to us and to you, you want to leave us behind?!' she yells but he ignores her. They quickly climb out of the car in hopes of stopping him from going anywhere, they needed him and they needed to stick together or they would all die. None of them knew what to do, Rowan could barely shoot her own gun but this guy had some sort of training. WIth his help they had some sort of hope to last the night. ' - Huh? - What? - Whoa! Whoa, what do you mean, we're on our own?' the guy also questions him. ' I should never have gotten involved. It's none of my business' 'You regret saving our lives? Thanks a lot' Rowan butts in again 'Fine leave us here and have our deaths on your conscience' 'You are not my responsibility' 'Okay, but you did, so it is your business now, all right? So, what are we all going to do?' Cali asks him as Rowan stands by her side as does her mother. They watch as Leo reaches into a large duffel bag and pulls out some pistols. It was then that Rowan realised that her gun was missing, the gun her mother had gave her to protect herself. She hoped that it was back inside the apartment and not with one of those pricks who dragged her outside. Her Jaw was still causing her pain and had turned into a dull ache, she needed some pills to take away the pain or at least a big glass of whiskey. 'Take this. It's loaded. Take it. Take it' He hands each one of them a gun, placing one in Rowan's hand also ' You're just giving us guns? Where are you going?' the unknown girl asks.[Chapter 8] 'What is this?' 'Get it off of me, I'm stuck!' The guy yells. 'It's a trap. It's a trap. We don't have time. Move away, I gotta shoot it' Leo tells him, Rowan rushes over trying to help him. There appears to be a metal wire trapped around his ankle, she tries her hardest to pull and yank at it but it won't budge. 'What?' 'What? You're gonna what?' the man voice raises as he continues to tug at it himself. 'I'm gonna shoot it. Move!' Leo warns him again, Rowan moves aside and stands on the the curb beside Cali. 'Okay' Gunshots are fired at them from across the street, instinctively Rowan pushes Cali away from the shots so that she doesn't get hurt. The woman who had still not introduced herself cowers as she throws her hands over her head, Rowan watches as Leo shoots at whoever was firing at them from an upper floor window. 'Shoot it! Shoot the cable!' Leo yells, just as a man comes running around the corner about to kill him. Leo grabs his pistol and fires at the man, Rowan watches as the man collapses to the ground 'Shoot it!' 'Shane, hurry up!' Finally after some struggle he uses a gun that Leo had gave him earlier, and shoots of the cable. 'Get up, get up! Move! Okay, let's go!' More gunshots are heard as they aim for them, but falling to hit any of the group, Cali rushes over to her mom as Rowan quickly follows behind her. 'There are six hours remaining in this year's... The NFFA pigs are 're fucking wrong! Profit-making is not the essence of democracy. Wake up, people. Wake up! It's time to take a stand. Tonight, we write our message in blood. Their blood!' 'It's so quiet here' 'The business district's always quiet on Purge Night, the banks move their money, so no one's ever down here. Let's go' Leo tells the young woman, Rowan follows behind him. Feeling scared at what was going to jump from the next dark alley or corner 'Stop' Leo walks slowly ahead of them as he checks out what is ahead of him, she carefully watches his back making sure that he was okay. He seemed to be watching everyone else's back rather than his own. 'We don't even know your names. I'm Liz, and this is Shane' Rowan looks behind her as she sees Eva and Cali talk to the young couple. Before paying attention to Leo who continues to walk along the street looking for predators. 'Hi. Eva. My daughter, Cali. And that is Rowan' She chooses not to look behind her, hoping that Leo has found a way to get them off the street to their friends apartment building. 'It's nice to officially meet you on this shitty night' Shane comments quietly. 'Yeah' 'Is anyone else kind of curious about this guy?' 'I'm just glad that he's out here with us' Hearing the group speaking about Leo she heads over towards them. 'Yeah, me, too' 'But we all got stuck out here, and he chose to be. That means he's Purging' 'Look Shane' Rowan speaks up 'That man saved our lives, he could have easily killed us. I don't care if he is purging, i'm just gratefully he saved our lives. So maybe you could cut him some slack okay' 'Hey. Let's go' Leo instructs them as Rowan walks away and makes her way towards him. As she moves away she hears the group behind her continuing to whisper. 'Thanks for that back there' Leo tells her as she stands by his side. 'What I said is true, I don't care if you were out here purging, it's none of my business. But you must have a reason for risking your life to be out here, I don't want to know. I am happy that you helped us and saved our lives' Leo nods as he shows a smile smile before looking ahead, guiding their path along the way. 'Do you know why those men were at your building?' 'No I still haven't figured it out. It just seem strange the number of men that were there, the weapons they were carrying. Normal people don't carrying weapons like that, they looked expensive. There is something going on, I can feel it' 'Are you saying that we shouldn't trust him?' Rowan looks behind her as she hears Cali's voice behind her 'He saved our lives' 'All I'm saying is that he's out here armed to the teeth, on Purge Night, voluntarily. That means he's trying to do something nasty' 'I can hear you' Leo speaks up, causing Rowan to quietly chuckle as she looks back at Leo, their eyes meet for a moment. His intense gaze causes her to look away as she blushes, she is grateful it was dark so that he could not see.[Chapter 9] Rowan was still in a state of shock after the turn of events that night, it was not what she thought she would be doing that night. Instead of a quiet night reading a book, in the safety of her friends apartment. She thought safety in numbers was a good plan, but instead Rowan was out on the streets on purge night. None of the group knowing who was hiding in the shadows and who was going to try to kill them again. 'You alright?' Leo asks as she walks alongside him, the others following closely behind them. Trying their hardest to be quiet, hoping not to draw attention to themselves, it was hard to remain calm under the circumstances. The cool breeze of the night air was making her shiver, she was dragged outside in what she was wearing. Feeling pleased that she was still in her day clothes and sneakers, the last thing she needed was to be out in her PJ's. 'I'm cold' 'Hold this' he tells her, stopping in his tracks and places his gun in her hands, all the while she wondered what he was doing. 'Thanks for helping us tonight, I really mean it. I don't want to think what could have happened to Eva, Cali or myself' 'You really care about them don't you?' 'They're like family, we take care of each other and Eva was the first to talk to me when I moved into the building' she tells him 'But if anything happens to me, please keep them safe' Leo was surprised that she cared more about the others than herself, she was was brave he had to give her that but he could still see the fear in her eyes. 'I'll try' 'That's all I need, can I ask you something?' 'Yeah sure, make it quick' he tells her sharply. 'Why are you out here? Are you purging?' 'I am, but not in the way you think okay. I don't get off on it like some these freaks out here tonight' 'I never said that you did, I just think it must be something really bad to for it to get to this point' she answers quietly trying her hardest not to offend him, after all he was helping them. The others stopped and watched as he takes off his large bag placing it on the ground, Leo then removes his long black jacket and places it over her shoulders. Rowan was surprised by his gesture and almost felt guilty that she thought he had a stick up his ass. She can hear a few murmurs behind her, Leo held the jacket waiting patiently as she put her arms put her arms into the sleeves. The jacket was still warm from his body and Rowan could still smell his cologne, the arms of the jacket were so long that it covered her hands. 'What about you?' she asks, Leo picks up his bag as he places the strap across his body, the big resting against his hip. Rowan quickly returns his weapon as she waits for him to answer her, making her nervous all of a sudden. 'Don't worry about me, come on' Leo begins to continue to walk the same path that they had started along, leaving Rowan behind him, he doesn't see the small smile on her face before she calls out to him. 'Leo!' He turns his head to look back at her 'Thank you' Instead of replying back, he nods his head and looks away once again, walking along the sidewalk. Rowan waits for her friends to catch up before looking back to Leo who is checking that their path is clear for them to continue on their way. Rowan hoped that they would soon be at Tanya's place and off from the street, there was too many crazy people on the street and hear the screams of people in agony was unbearable. She wished there was something she could do to help, but she was one person and hated to hear that people were in pain. Her mom always thought she was a sensitive soul, that she could feel things more deeply than other people. 'Hey, are you doing okay?' Cali asks her mom, Rowan turns and walks over to them. Walking on Eva's otherside. 'Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be fine' 'What did he say to you?' Cali asks her, the others turned and looked to Rowan. She felt uncomfortable that they were all looking at her. 'Nothing much, I just thanked him for saving our lives back at our building' 'He gave you his coat?' Cali questioned. 'I was cold and he gave it to me' Rowan shrugged and looked away from Cali, instead she looks in front of her trying to avoid more of Cali's questions. 'I'm gonna go talk to him' 'Cali' Eva warns her before she tries to walk away, she tries to grab Cali's arm but fails. 'Cali leave him alone, please' Rowan warns but her pleas fall to deaf ears, she quickens up her pace and catches up with Leo. 'Leo right?' 'Shh' 'You're good with guns. I'm guessing you're either a cop or a criminal, huh?' 'And I'm guessing you're either a pain in my ass a pain in my ass' Rowan could not help but smirk when he answered her, Cali was trying her hardest but it did not want to tell her anything. She had already tried to ask him some things but he appeared to be a tough nut to crack. 'You're out here to do it, aren't you? To Purge? That's what you have to do later on, right? What are you gonna do?' 'Stop. New rules. You shut up. All of you, shut up' he turned and looked at the all, however he avoided looking back at Rowan which surprised her, considering she had asked him some questions herself. 'I'm gonna stop talking because you're being an asshole, okay? Not because you told me to shut up' Rowan could not stop rolling her eyes at Cali, at times Cali could be a great kid, she was smart but there was times when her attitude would annoy both Eva and herself. At times coming across as a brat, but to Rowan this was not the time to act like it, especially with the man that helped them and was trying to get them somewhere safe. 'Cali' Eva tries to warn her daughter, Cali ignores her and attempts to walk away before Leo stops her before she can go far. 'Hey, hey, hey' 'Okay' Leo pulls her back and she walks backwards towards Eva, they hope that will be the end of it as they continue along the sidewalk but that was until they saw a body hanging high up outside of another bank. A sign hanging around his neck and splatters of blood around his neck, Rowan was sickened that someone could do that to another person, she could not believe what had become of her country. 'Oh, my God' Eva tries to shield Cali from it but it's too late, they walk away the memory already etched on their minds. Rowan follows behind them, then Leo tailing behind as Shane takes one last look. 'Here hangs stockbroker David Neustadter. He stole our pensions. \"Now, he's gone. Maybe David deserved it.' Shane adds before Liz glares at him, walking away she leaves him there 'Just a bad joke'[Chapter 10] The longer they were out in the open Rowan was beginning to get more nervous, she had hoped to be at Tanya's apartment sooner. She dreamed that being behind a locked door would make her feel safe and that she could remain there until the purge was over and done with. The others were getting quieter too, they were just as scared as she was but just like she was, they were wearing a mask as they tried to hold it together. It was disgusting how people could kill someone without a second thought, Rowan doubted that they would even feel remorse for their actions, ending someone's life with their own hands and not thinking whether they have a family; kids even. What mad man came up with such a plan and believed that it was better than before, the only people who were affected by the purge were people like her. Yet the rich hid behind their expensive security systems, protected by hired goons in hope that no one would track them down and end their existence. Her feet were getting tired, it had been a while since she had walked this far, although she was glad that she had Leo's coat as she was no longer cold. Rowan did however feel a little guilty that he may be cold but also intrigued as why he would do something like that for her. He hadn't done it for the others, in fact he had been quiet cold towards them. Leo was a mystery and something inside of her wanted to know more, she wasn't sure if it was because of what they had just been through or maybe there was in fact an attraction. Part of her thought it was because he was just a handsome man, it had been a while since she had been laid. There streets were still quiet, it was eerie, Rowan didn't like it she nervously ran her fingers through her hair. At least before they somewhat knew when people were near but now she worried they could be hiding in the shadows or darkened alley. 'Why did Tanya have to live so far away?' Rowan thought to herself 'I should have never left my mother and never left town' They slowly came around a street corner, Leo was still in front with his gun in his hands ready to fire if someone came at them again. As they came around, Rowan noticed the same truck that had come for her and her friends earlier that that night. There was smoke but she wasn't sure where it was coming from. On the ground lay the bodies of people dressed in the same garb that had grabbed Rowan outside to be slaughtered. 'What the fuck' Rowan spoke, Leo turned to face her for a moment looking at her puzzled expression. He turned back trying to make sense of what he was seeing, Rowan read his mind and had no idea what was going on. 'What the hell is that? Is that tear gas?' Shane asked next as the slowly walked towards the scene. 'Smoke canister. Stay close, stay close, stay close' Leo answered with a warning. Rowan moved closer to Leo, standing by his side as she pulled her gun out as she prepared to protect herself and the others. Suddenly before she knew what was happening a man darts out of nowhere and straight for Rowan, almost knocking her to the ground but she manages to steady her feet for a moment. The sudden change of events makes her scream in surprise as she tries to steady the gun in her hands. 'Help me!' the man cries out as he grabs her upper arms. This time he causes her to fall backwards on the road as her back hits hard against the cold concrete. Rowan releases her hold of the gun as it too drops to the ground, Rowan is fighting to get the man off of her as his body collapses against hers. He is so heavy that he knocks the wind out of her lungs, Leo rushes over to help her and grasping on to the man's clothes; hoping to pull the man from top of her, Shane then rushes over to help her and Leo as the others stand back. 'Grab him! Get off her! Get off her!' Leo yells at Shane, together they push him to the ground as he lands on his back with a grunt. Leo holds his hand out for Rowan to grab as she scrambles from the ground, she lets go of his hand as she steadies her feet once again before reaching down to pick up her weapon. 'We were just doing our duty' the man spoke to them before dying right in front of them. Rowan did not care, she was sure he came from the group that had attacked them but they weren't exactly sure who was behind it. 'Are you she okay?' Leo asked her, Rowan was still in shock as she could feel the adrenaline course through her body. She said nothing at first, Leo moved closer to her worried that the jerk had hurt her. He straps his gun onto his shoulder and moves closer to her, her places his forefingers under her chin and lifts up her face; forcing their eyes to meet 'Hey you're okay, are you hurt?' 'N...n..nooo...he scared the shit out of me. That is the second time someone hads tried to kill me tonight' Her breathing was heavy and her heart was racing in her chest, it felt as if it is about to burst through her skin. Leo's hand moved from her chin and to cup her cheek, there was something about him being so close that began to soothe her. Rowan slowly felt herself come down, she took a deep breath as she tried to steady her nerves. 'All right. You're okay, though. Just breathe, slow deep breath. That's right Just breathe' He tells her 'You good?' 'I will be, thanks' 'No problem. Come on, we have to move' He pulls away from her, moving the gun back in his hands and looks down at the bloody body on the ground. Rowan takes a moment to gather herself as she joins the others, she never releases her hold of her gun as she holds it down by her side. 'Look at his uniform. This is one of the bastards who came into our building' Cali told them, Rowan knew she was right but what happened to them 'And that looks like their truck' 'All right, stay here. Stay here' Leo quietly told them, leaving them as he points his gun towards the open truck, Rowan didn't like him walking away she did not want to get hurt. He had saved their asses, Rowan owed him and the last thing she wanted was some crazed whack job to kill him. She ignored his command and followed right behind him, when he heard footsteps coming behind him, he was surprised to find Rowan there. 'I told you to stay back' 'I don't care, no one should be going off alone, we all stick together' Leo let out a loud sigh, he could not believe that this girl would be so stupid 'Fine stay close, don't do anything stupid' 'Okay' Raising her own gun up in front of her she and Leo make their way to the back of the truck, the door had been left wide open and was lit up like a Christmas tree' 'Truck 3, come in' a voice came over the radio. As they get even closer Leo notices cartridges littering the ground of the truck, mounted on the back was a large machine gun, almost the same gun that had fired at them earlier. Rowan stands back as she watches Leo pick up a cartridge, inspecting it carefully before throwing it back. 'Come in, please' Leo waves the others over; the coast was clear for now and there was no sign that anyone was left alive. 'Come on' Leo speaks quietly, not wishing to draw more attention to themselves. 'Come on, let's go, let's go. Just stay together. Let's go' She hears Shane tells them as they rush across the street and join them at the back of the truck. Leo is the first to climb in the back of the truck, followed closely behind by Rowan, he takes her hand out as he pulls her inside. 'Thanks' 'Go check the cab, see if this thing's working' he tells her, she says nothing as does as he says. Rowan walks further into the truck and notices computer screens showing live feeds of the city. 'Truck 3, please respond!' Leo helps the others on the back of the truck, as she continues to watch the monitors. 'Stay alert. Stay alert. Go ahead. Go. Go, go, go' she hears Leo warn Cali and Eva climb on board. 'Hey guys you need to see this' Rowan calls out 'I don't know what this shit means but they are hooked up to the street cams' 'This is some high-tech shit' Cali tells Rowan as she stands by her side 'Yo, somebody spent a lot of money trying to do some heavy-duty Purging. Look at this. They're accessing the city's traffic cams' 'What do you think they're doing Cali?' Rowan asks, curious to know who had managed to get all this shit. 'Looking for targets, I guess' 'Traffic cams are controlled by the government. How did they get into these?' Liz asked as she moved in to join them 'I mean, who are these people?' 'Maybe you just answered your own question' 'Look at this. Seventh Street. Is that your building?' Leo asked Eva, Rowan turned around curious to know what they were looking at. 'Yeah, but why is it all red?' Eva asks. 'You're being targeted for something, along with all these other buildings. Here, here. All over the city' Rowan watches as he points out to the streets on the monitor that were blinking red, he was right someone was targeting these areas. 'All around the projects. Maybe you were right, Cali' 'Look, I'm telling you, this is the New Founding Fathers. The government...' Cali stated to her mother, maybe she was right maybe it was them who wanted them dead. Why because to them they were nothing, they had to be destroyed, nothing more than a stain. Sure, they didn't have a lot of money, finding work was hard but it didn't mean they had to wiped out. 'The truck is fucked' Shane yelled as he made his way to the back of the truck. 'No good?' 'No, the engine's all blown out or something' 'Hey, look at this. That's Carmelo's mark, Mom. I told Papa he was the real deal. His group took these fuckers out' They all walked to the edge of the truck and took a look at what she was talking about, on one of the walls outside was white letters of NFFA with a large red cross over it. If Cali was speaking the truth Rowan was glad that there was someone out there killing these fuckers before they hurt anyone else. Looking up the street Rowan saw headlights coming towards them, it looked like another truck heading right for them. 'Everybody got a weapon? Hey, grab this' Leo shoved a gun in Eva and Cali's hands, along with Liz and Shane. Rowan was pleased that they had something more to protect them 'Take the weapon. Go. Go!' 'Oh, shit, there's another one. Looks like an army. Come on' Shane warned them, he helped Liz, Cali and Eva down from the truck. Leo jumped down after, he held out his hands coaxing Rowan to come down but it was if she was frozen to the spot. 'Row, come on. We have to go, get down, let's go' Rowan shakes her thoughts from her head and allows Leo to grasp on to her waist as he brings her down to the ground; landing down in front of him. 'You alright?' he asks. 'I'm scared' 'It's gonna be okay, come on' Leo takes her hand and leads her away from the truck and down a dark alley, as they hope they hadn't been spotted.[Chapter 11] Rowan ran as fast as her legs could carry her, the muscles of the back of her legs burned as she tried her hardest to keep up with Leo. He never once let go of her hand, he made sure that none of them were left behind. He wanted to get as far away from the truck as he could, he didn't need that sort of trouble to follow him, afterall this was not what he had planned that night. They remained quiet, no one speaking a single word, they were drawing close to the end of the alley when they heard voices. Cheering voices, people clearly enjoying themselves during the purge. It disgusted Rowan to know that they were taking pleasure out of a night that ended lives, Leo stopped them before they went any further.. He releases his grip of Rowans hand as he signals to the group to be quiet, Rowan tucks herself into his back as Eva stands closely behind her. Rowan is finding a tough time catching her breath, it was some time she had to run like that and that was when she was back in high school. It wasn't the best time for her, she didn't seem to fit in anywhere and the bullies took pleasure in making her life hell. Too many times she had to run away from them or hide in the toilets to get away from them. She felt elated when she left high school and would never see them ever again. Slowly Leo moves he head to peer around the corner to see what awaited them, he then looked ahead of them and it took Rowan a moment to realise what he was looking at. It was a subway, if they could only get by those who were in the path. Behind them Liz shrieked as a large rat attempted to scramble up her leg; Liz quickly covers her mouth but it's too late as her foot makes contact with a small can on the ground, Rowan hopes that no one heard anything. One thought enters her head out of the frying pan and into the fire, describing their current situation. Everyone is looking at Liz, even Rowan can see in Liz's eyes that she is sorry. 'Take this' Leo quietly tells Rowan as he hands her his gun, she takes it without question as she waits for something bad to come around the corner. He raises his finger to his lips, shushing them, Rowan was almost too afraid to breathe. She presses her back into the cold brick wall as she too rests her head against it. Leo takes a small step before a man comes around the corner towards them, it doesn't take Leo long to grab the man and put him in a headlock. Rowan wants to do something to help him but she can feel Eva pulling her back; preventing her from getting any closer. All that Rowan can do is watch as Leo continues to hold the man in a headlock, Leo holding on as tight as he can, his face turning redder as the man fights against him. But it isn't long until the man begins to lose consciousness and his body goes limp against Leo. His body is dropped to the ground slowly before Leo takes his gun back from Rowan, he looks around the corner once more making sure the man was not followed. 'Come on' he tells them, without waiting they follow him to the subway. Rowan had to admit it felt safer walking along the tracks in the dark, then above in the city, Leo had again taken the lead and was walking ahead of them with a torch in his hand. He hadn't said much to anyone since the got into the subway, but he wasn't much of a talker. 'Hey Leo' Rowan calls to him as she finally catches up to him, walking by his side 'Are you okay? What happened back there...' 'It was to protect you, he would have killed you or the others' 'I appreciate that, have you had to do that before?' 'Never' 'I have never seen anyone killed until tonight' she tells him 'You think you get used to it, after seeing the purge on TV but when you're out here it feels so wrong' 'Hmm...' 'Do you have any family? Wife? Kids? I bet they are worried about you being out during the purge' 'I have no one' 'I'm sorry I shouldn't have asked. I talk too much when I'm nervous, I keep to myself otherwise. Eva and Cali are the only people I really talk to' 'You didn't know' he tells her 'We'll be at your friend's place soon, you'll be safe' 'I hope so but maybe you should rest before you leave, I mean you have been helping us out and you look exhausted' 'I can't I have somewhere to be' 'So, you keep saying? What do you have to do? Kill someone? It will change you if you kill someone' 'They deserve it' 'That's what they all say, the people who purge, surely there is a better way' she tells him. 'There isn't, believe I know' They grow quiet once again, Rowan does not want to say to him next, talking to men was not something she was good at. Scared that she would say something stupid and not be able to take it back. Cali was soon by Rowan's side as they walked deeper into the tunnel, she knew the Cali was going to start asking questions and hoped that it didn't irritate him further. 'Hey. Why did you stop at our building? Why did you help us?' Cali asks, Rowan rolls her eyes and says nothing. 'Didn't we establish a no-talking rule?' 'People are getting killed all over the city. Why did you stop for us?' 'I saw you. You were putting up a hell of a fight. You reminded me of someone' he tells her, Rowan was curious to know who he was talking about but doubted he would tell them. 'Who? Look, Purging, no matter what the reason, is wrong. Killing doesn't help anything. It doesn't heal someone' 'Enough. Enough. Go back with your mommy. Go' Leo stops as he looks at Cali, Rowan for a moment whether he is going to do something but doesn't, Eva pulls Cali away from Leo as he continues to walk but only to stop a few feet away. 'There's no air in here' Eva speaks up, Rowan walks over to her and places her palm onto Eva's back. 'Don't worry we'll be out here soon, we can't be far' Looking up she watches in curiosity as Leo places down his gun and starts to undo his bulletproof vest and walks back towards cali, the vest in his hands. 'Come over here. Put this on' 'I don't need that' 'Put it on, I said' 'I said I don't need it' Cali fights him again, Rowan knows all too well how stubborn Cali can get as she was the same way towards Eva. But Cali was strong willed, Rowan had to give her that, however it had the tendancy of making her a pain in the ass. 'Put it on' Finally she does as she is told and allows Leo to place the vest over her head 'Put your arm through here. Now, hopefully, you won't need it. Let's move' Rowan chuckles to herself, Cali hearing her laugh glares right back at her and flips her off making Rowan laugh once again but it is cut short when Leo warns her to be quiet. They carry on walking along the tracks, Rowan jumps when she hears a crash, Leo raises his gun and his flash light as he looks for a threat. 'What was that?' Liz asks. Leo looks to the side, as he looks carefully there are dozens of people hiding alongside the tracks, they look just as afraid as they do. 'Shh...There's no threat. They're just trying to make it through the night. Keep moving' he turns back to the tracks; his eyes meet Rowans for a brief moment before walking away. What was that all about Rowan thinks to herself Great he's still pissed with me , she follows closely behind him as Cali and Eva talk amongst themselves. 'Hey, are you okay?' 'I just wanna get out of here' Eva tells her, and attempts to catch up with Rowan and Leo. The sound of engines begins to echo into the tunnel Rowan and the others turn to face the noise, they see headlights coming towards them and voices yelling in the dark. 'Oh come on!' Rowan yells. 'Oh, shit!' 'Move!' The group does as he says and make a run for their lives, she knows that she shouldn't look back but she does and finds men on what look like dune buggies. They have flame throwers attached To them and are coming for them, she wasn't quite sure if she was going to make out of this one. They begin sprinting down the track, running for their lives, behind them was the innocent people who had hoped to be safe underground. But just like Rowan they were trying to get out of there, she breathing was hard as she tried to keep up with the others. She was so unfit and regretted not going to the gym or doing track at high school. 'Go! Come on! Run! Move!' Leo yelled. Bullets were fired towards them as well as flames, looking back Rowan saw bodies collapsing to the ground and if she didn't hurry up, she knew she was going to one of them. 'Move!' In front of her Rowan watches Eva trip over her feet and fall to the ground, she can see the terror of Eva's face as she attempts to get up to her feet. Cali already rushes over to her side trying to help encourage her mother to get back up, but it is as if Eva cannot hear her. Leo is not far behind as he too tries to get them to move or they were dead meat. 'Get up! Get up! Come on! Get up, get up, get up!' Leo warns them as he points the gun towards the shooters. 'Mom, we have to go right now!' 'Move it, move it! Move! Go, go! Up, up, up!' Leo grasps Eva's arm and wraps it around his neck and picks her up bridal style as if she weighs nothing, they rush off but it didn't seem fast enough. 'We're not gonna make it. Fuck it.' 'We have to stop them, use the guns' Rowan tells Shane 'We have to shoot them or we're going to die' Shane nods and stands by Rowan and they raise up their guns, together they start firing towards the dune buggies. 'Shane! What are you doing?' Liz yells at him but he continues firing, she rushes over towards Rowan and Shane as the hide behind a concrete barrier. 'Get down!' They all duck hiding from the bullets of their enemies, Liz almost gets shot as she rushes over towards them. 'What do we do?' 'Just shoot! Just shoot!' he warns her, they fire their weapons all hoping that they will prevent them from getting any closer. But as the dune buggy draws closer towards them firing its guns both Shane and Rowan are shot. Shane falls backwards as the bullet shoots through his shoulder, Rowan ducks as she presses her hand to her arm. The blood already seeping through her shirt and Leo's coat, she felt a burning sensation as the pain shot up her arm. She was determined that it was not going to put her down, getting back up she starts firing again. 'Shane! Oh, my God' 'I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine! Just keep shooting. Just keep shooting. Go! Go!' Liz stands up close to Rowan as they start firing at the men, Shane struggles to get back to his feet but he keeps fighting through the pain and shoots at them. The buggy goes up in flames as they connect with the tank, soon the tunnel is filled with the screams of their pain. Noticing that no one else was coming for them Rowan moves her gun to her side, and uses her free hand to cover her bullet wound. Rowan slowly moves over to Liz and Shane, worried that he is seriously hurt, as it was her idea to fight back. She had had enough of being the victim, she would die fighting and make sure her friends stayed alive. 'You okay guys?' 'Shane, he was shot. Can you help me get him up?' 'Yeah sure' Ignoring her own pain, Rowan wraps her good arm around his waist and slowly helps him get steady on his feet. They continue down the tracks hoping that the others did not leave them behind, Rowan knee that Eva wouldn't just leave her there to die. They reach a platform and find Eva, Cali and Leo waiting there for them, 'Help! He's been shot! I have no idea how bad' As Rowan and Liz walk towards them, they are unable to prevent Shane from collapsing to the ground, Rowan grimaces and groans in pain as he pulls on the muscle of her shot arm. Leo quickly checks out Shane before getting up and looking at her arm. 'You okay?' 'I'll be fine, I think it just grazed me. Shane got it worse, we need to get him out of here before any more of those guys come looking for us' 'We're gonna be fine, okay' Liz hovers over Shane as he looks as if he might pass out. Leo leaves her side and moves back to Shane where he starts to pick him up off the ground. 'Call your friend. Tell her we're close. We're gonna get him up. Okay. Look at me. Look at me, Shane. Yeah?' Leo warns him, preparing for some discomfort as he got to his feet 'One, two, three. Get him up, Let's go!' Eva pulls put her phone and dails Tanya's number all of them hoping that they can make it all they way without running into more trouble. There are four hours and 30 minutes remaining in this year's Purge. Running. They were running again, Rowan was getting tired of it, the only way she was able to keep on her feet was the Leo had wrapped his arms around her waist and making sure she didn't collapse on the way there. 'Go! Just don't worry! Go! Come on, come on! Keep moving!' Leo encourages them but Rowan is not sure how long she can keep going on like this, she is so tired and can feel her legs getting heavier. 'Go! Don't slow down! Keep moving! It's right up ahead. Come on! Cali! Slow down!' Eva calls as they draw close to the building 'Hey, look, that's her building! She said to meet around the back'[Chapter 12] It didn't take them long to run down the alleyway to the back of the building, Leo held onto Rowan tightly as Liz struggled to keep Shane from falling to the ground. Rowan did not want him to let her go, she knew it was a matter of time when he would leave. She was scared that if he went back out there that he would die or that he would purge, destroying his life and someone else's in the process. Rowan knew that it was none of her business what he had planned to do, they never met before, she just hoped that he didn't make a huge mistake. Eva was up front and moved towards the back door, Leo finally let go of Rowan as she rested against the wall. Her chested heaved up and down, running had finally taken its toll on her and could not wait to sit down. 'She said, \"Meet us around the back\". Tanya! Let us in! It's Eva and Cali!' Eva told them before banging on the metal door. They didn't have to wait long as the door pushed open, Rowan let out a sigh of relief when she saw Tanya's face. 'Holy shit! You guys look like hell. Come on, come on, hurry up. Get in here. Hurry up!' 'Thank you' Rowan tells her before kissing her cheek and walks inside. 'I don't like being out here. Come on' They rode the elevator in silence, still in a state of shock that they were still alive and had made it to Tanya's place. As they walked into her apartment Rowan noticed that Tanya was not alone, she had always thought she had lived alone but it looked as if she in fact lived with her mother. 'Let me check out your arm' Leo quickly tells Rowan, she just wanted to sit down and close her eyes 'Do you have a first aid kit? I need some clean water too' 'Leo I'm fine' 'You were shot, you're not fine. Please just let me look at it' Rowan huffed and finally relented 'What about Shane? He got it worse than me' 'I will take a look when I am finished with you. Take the jacket off and let me see' 'I need some help, Eva can you help me?' 'Yeah sure' Rowan managed to free her good arm but once the sleeve came down on her other side she hissed in pain. The blood appeared to have stopped but when they removed her outer shirt her arm was completely covered in blood. They find a seat at the dining table, whilst Shane and Liz sit down on the sofa. Tanya brings over a first aid kit along with some water to clean the blood from her skin 'I think it's just a graze' Leo tells her as he takes a closer look, he was no expert but he had seen his fair share of bullet wounds. Rowan grinded her teeth together as he cleans the wound with some cool water, clearing away the wet and dried blood that accumulated on her arm. It stung like a son of a bitch, but she lived to tell the tale 'I think you'll live. Tomorrow you should get some stitches, I can wrap it up so that it doesn't open again' 'Thanks Leo I appreciate it. Really, I do' 'Don't mention it, I'll not forget you and Shane saving our asses back there. We'd all be dead if you hadn't stopped them' 'I was tired of being afraid, I didn't want to see my friends die and I didn't want to die' 'I wouldn't want to see you die either' Leo tells her quietly; his statement makes her blush causing Leo to smirk at her reaction before chuckling. 'Shut up' Rowan begins laughing and it seems alien to her, after all they spent most of the night screaming and running for their lives. 'I would like to see you again, I mean after all this is done' 'Me?' 'Yeah you' 'I would like that' she tells him with a small smile. He finished up her wound by adding butterfly stitches to her graze and wrapped her arm in a bandage. Rowan hoped that it would do until she could get to the hospital in the morning, she already knew it was going to be hell being seen by a nurse or a doctor and was already dreading it. Leo excused himself and made his way over to Shane, Liz watched in fascination as Leo began to fix him up. 'All right. Bullet went right through' 'I can't believe you guys went through all that stuff. It's just insane!' Tanya spoke up as she looks on. 'Get him to the hospital first thing after this is over' Leo tells Liz as he finishes placing the gauze onto Shane's shoulder. 'Yeah' 'You'll be okay. It's gonna hurt like a son of a bitch, but you're gonna be okay' 'Thanks. I can't thank you enough' 'That's what you get for being a hero' Leo replies, wiping the blood from his hands, Rowan watches on from the table as he stands up and looks over at Eva. 'I need the car' 'I know' Rowan could not believe it, Leo was still planning to leave even after everything that they had been through he wanted to get back out there. She needed to talk to him, try and prevent him from going out and getting himself killed. He was exhausted, Rowan could see it in his eyes but knew it was going to take some convincing to change his mind.[Chapter 13] 'Come on, everybody. Eat, drink!' Tanyas mom called as she walked back into the room from the kitchen. 'Yes, I recommend drinking. It's the best way to get through the evening. And the food is delicious. My mother's a wonderful cook. My sister's a testament to that' Rowan could not believe what she was hearing, how could Tanya be so harsh towards her sister, they were blood after all. 'What the hell does that mean?' he sister answered, Rowan could tell by the sister's expression that she was not amused. Rowan was pleased that she did not know Tanya so well, as she knew that she would not be able to hold her tongue for long. 'That she's a good cook!' 'You know, you didn't have to go this far. Just having us here was really enough' Eva told them as Leo walked away and towards Rowan at the table. 'You guys have had a terrible night. Get some food in your system, and we'll get through this together' Leo began rummaging through his large black bag, he was getting ready to leave, Rowan was becoming increasing concerned that he would get hurt. There was another truck out there no doubt armed to the teeth, then there were the normal crazies who were hiding and waiting for their next victim. 'Do you really have to go back out there? I mean couldn't you just stop what you were planning to do?' Rowan quiet asks him, ignoring the others. 'I have to' 'Why? What did they do to you that was so bad? Please Leo. I want to understand why you want to take someone else's life' Leo turns to face her then slowly walks over to her until he is standing before her, looking down at her. 'He killed my son' Rowan felt like such a jackass, she shouldn't have push him and been so nosy 'Leo I am sorry, I shouldn't have asked' 'But you did, it is not going to change anything. I am going back out there tonight and I will make him pay for what he did' 'Leo it won't bring him back' 'What do you know? Huh? Have you ever had a child taken away from you?' Rowan says nothing and instead looks at her hands in her lap, she felt embarrassed at speaking her mind. She knew next time to keep out of it, Rowan wanted to go back home, but the night was far from over. Standing up from the chair she moved away and made an excuse to get away from him. 'Where is your bathroom?' Rowan spoke up as she walked towards Tanya, she needed to breathe and to think. I was the only excuse she could use to get away from him. 'Just down the hall' 'Thanks' Walking by Tanya and Eve, Rowan says nothing more and walks to the bathroom. Rowan locks the door behind her before perching herself on the edge of the bathtub. Taking deep breaths, she tried to calm her emotions, Rowan understood that she should not have pushed him and that she only had herself to blame for his outburst. However, he did not have to snap at her and be a total jackass, it wasn't her fault, Eva's or Cali's fault they were targeted. He was the one who stopped to help them and if he wanted to be back out there so be it. She sat there for some time until she finally emerged and made her way back to the dining table. 'I can't believe nobody's drinking with me' Tanya exclaimed as she waved a glass of wine her hand, looking over at Leo 'What about you, tough guy? Want a drink?' 'No, thanks' Leo shoved a fully loaded magazine into his handgun, he looks back at Rowan who hadn't said a word she came back, he felt bad for snapping at her but he had wanted this night for so long. Now that he would not have their deaths on his conscience, he was free to leave. He hated seeing the pained look that spread across her features, he would do anything to see her smile; just once. 'You're really going back out there?' Cali asked, Rowan was glad that Cali was thinking the exact thing that she was. Rowan hoped that Leo would see sense and stay with the rest of them, it wouldn't be long until the purge was over. The handle of the apartment began to rattle, the tension began to suddenly raise once again, Rowan stood from her seat and reached for her gun. 'Relax! It's my father and my brother-in-law. He's the super. They were just checking the building. It's all good' Tanya warned them as she held out her hand in front of her, the door opened and in walked an older man with grey hair and a beard. Beside him a thinner looking man wearing camo clothes, he too had a beard but darker than the other. 'Everyone, please don't mind my husband's clothes. He's not Purging. He just thought it was a crazy idea to go out and see what's happening tonight' Rowan later learned that her name was Lorraine, she also began to think that there was something more going on between Tanya and Lorraine and felt it wouldn't be long when they learned why. 'Yeah, I chickened out. No way I was going out there. I don't know what the hell I was thinking' the man nervously chuckled as he sat down in an arm chair, removing his camp. 'Thank God he came to his senses. I mean, look at him. He would've been the laughing stock of the neighborhood' 'That's not very nice, Lorraine' Tanya interrupted, Rowan could not believe that this family was kind of fucked up and seemed to take pleasure in taking someone down a peg. Tanya enjoyed making fun out of her sister and now Lorraine was taking a shot at her own husband. 'I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to be mean. It's not mean, it's just true' Lorraine shrugs her shoulders before she says anything more to make the atmosphere even more unbearable and moves over to where Rowan was sitting. 'How's everything, Daddy?' Tanya now hovers alongside her father who had also taken a seat. 'It's all good, baby. The building's locked down and good. It's quiet. I see you had a rough go of it, my friend' the man asks as he looks over to Shane. 'Oh, yeah' 'Relax. Make yourself at home. You're safe here'[Chapter 14] *Trigger warning mention of abuse* Sat at the dining table Rowan tried hard not to scratch at her wound, it had begun to itch and was beginning to drive her insane. Already Leo glared at her for messing with her bandage, after his outburst she had a few chosen words she would like to say to him but he did patch her up when they got inside the apartment. 'What?' she asks him as she catches him staring at her once again. 'You'll open the wound again' 'I don't care, it's driving me crazy' 'Look about before...' he began but was cut off by Rowan. 'It's fine' 'No, it isn't I shouldn't have snapped at you, it's just been a long fucking night' 'I have been asking too many questions, and you're right it's been a long night. Look you'll be out of here soon no doubt and I will be out of your way. I'm not going to stop you, if it makes you feel better to purge then have at it but believe me when I say it won't make you feel any better' Rowan warns him as she stops scratching at her arm. 'And how would you know? Have you purged?' 'I have' 'What?' Leo asks flabbergasted, Rowan did not seem the type of girl to kill someone 'You? But you seem against the purge' 'I am. Something happened to me, a long time ago, I never told anyone this before. My mom thinks I stayed with a friend but I was out looking for them' 'Who were you looking for?' 'The man who raped me' Anger spread through his body, he could not believe why some sicko would do something like that to her. 'They hurt you' 'Yes. Please don't tell anyone, I don't want them to think differently about me' Leo squats down in front of her and takes her hands into his as he looks up into her eyes. He can see in her eyes what happens still affects her and causes her a lot of guilt. 'I promise. Who was he? What happened?' 'He was my mom's boyfriend at the time, I was only fourteen. He waited until my mom was at work when he attacked me, it had happened for two years. My mom knew nothing of what was going on, I was too scared to say anything and I was so scared' Rowan began 'When he and my mom broke up, I was relieved because I would never see him again. No one saw him after that, he left town and I was able to get on with my life. That was until I saw him in town, he saw me and acted as if nothing happened' Tears slowly fall down her cheeks but Rowan quickly brushes them away, she hates crying in front of people. 'What did you do?' 'I found out that he was working in an elementary school, as a janitor. No one had any idea what he was really like, what he had done to me and I was so scared that he was going to hurt another girl. So, on purge night I took one of my mom's guns and I went to his apartment. I managed to convince him to let me in, I pointed my gun at him and asked him; why he did do what he did. Do you want to know what he told me?' 'What did he say?' 'Why not' Rowan answered him 'I snapped. I shot him' 'Rowan, he deserved it' 'Did he? He should have gone to prison for what he did, but I was so angry. I regret it, I shouldn't have been a coward. I should have told someone, my mom, the police but I didn't' 'Hey, listen to me. He had it coming, if it wasn't you then no doubt it would have been someone else' he tells her 'I know that you think I am going to regret what I am about to do, but we went through the right channels and he did not get punished' 'You're right, I cannot make that decision for you. Only you can' 'I know. Never regret what you did Rowan, that man could have hurt other girls just like you or hurt others' At the time she killed that man she was in shock, she shot him right in the heart and watched him die on the cold wooden floor. She stayed until the alarm sounded the next morning, letting her know it was safe to go outside once again. That night sometimes haunted her dreams, she felt relieved at first that he was never coming back but at the same time felt guilty taking someone's life and that it had been so easy. From that night on she swore that she would never hurt another person again, that the purge was nothing but a big lie. That was until she was dragged out Eva's apartment, then try to kill her and her friends. 'I feel like such a hypocrite, judging people for purging when I have done it myself. I hate the purge I wish this night never existed' 'Hey I wouldn't have met you, or your friends' Rowan smiles at him softly as he squeezes her hands gently 'I will be okay, I will come back' 'You better'[Chapter 15] Leo reassured her that she had nothing to worry about, that he did not judge her for what happened in her past and that night she got revenge for what she went through. He then promised not to speak a word to Eva and Cali about what they had spoken about, moving away from Rowan he continued to sort through the various weapons in his duffel bag. Rowan took a glass of wine that had been abandoned on the table, then in one large gulp empties the glass down her throat. 'We are anti-Purge in this household' Rowan turns her attentions back to Tanya and her father, Tanya stood by her father as he sat in an armchair. 'Speak for yourself, Daddy' 'What does that mean?' Tanya's mother asks as she looks at her daughter. 'I could think of a couple situations where purging could be the answer' 'Like when?' 'I'm not telling, I'm just saying, don't piss me off, bitch' Rowan rolls her eyes as Tanya bickers with her sister, sometimes Rowan was grateful she was an only child. Her mother clearly embarrassed apologises for her behaviour 'Uh, please excuse my daughter' 'No, it's fine' 'And, please, if there's anything else you need, just ask' 'I could use a clean shirt' Leo interrupts, Rowan looks down at her own shirt and realises its covered in her blood. She pulls it away from her skin and grimaces, she needed to get the clothing off of her body. 'Down the hall, second door on the left. Top drawer of the bureau, what's mine is yours' 'I'll come with you' Rowan spoke up as she stood up from the chair 'I need to get out of this' Rowan slowly followed Leo out of the living room and down the hallway, Leo enters the bedroom before her as he places his handgun on top of the dresser. Without hesitating Leo begins to remove his shirt, Rowan stops in her tracks as she admires his form. Even though his back is to her she can tell that he is toned and has some muscle. Rowan blushes for a moment as hundreds thoughts run through her mind, wondering what he looks like with all of his clothes off but it wasn't the right time. It takes a short time for Rowan to shake the thoughts from her mind, she finally finds herself able to move towards him. Leo pulls open the top draw and pulls out a white shirt for himself and another for Rowan. 'Here' he tells her as he places the shirt in her hand. 'Thanks' Rowan turns her back to him and walks over to the bed, placing the clean shirt upon it she attempts to remove her bloodied shirt; however, her arm was preventing her from doing so. As she bent her arm a shooting pain caused her to cry. 'Holy fuck' she called out through gritted teeth. 'Need help?' Rowan turns to face him as has her shirt half up her torso revealing her stomach and no doubt her bra. Leo chuckles as he finds it hard to keep a straight face, he shakes his head as he walks towards her. 'Hey this is not funny' 'I think it is, let me help' 'Fine' Leo slowly pulls up the hem of her shirt and pulls it up over her head, then finally down her arms without a struggle. He made it look too easy, he drops the shirt down on the floor by her feet and stands a little closer to her body. Rowan could feel her heart beat faster as he moved closer towards her, his hand moves against her warm skin along her stomach as his calloused hands tickle her. Goosebumps erupt over her body when Leo's hand continues to move until it rests against her hip, Rowan feels nervous as she has never felt so exposed in a long time. Feeling insecure of her body she wishes she could cover up, she had never been thin but always curvaceous. Those thoughts soon disappeared when Leo's lips were pressed against hers, she was frozen to the spot unsure what her next move should be. Her instincts soon kick in as her lips move against his, holds tightly against his shirt forcing his body to press against hers. Their lips move in perfect rhythm, normally Rowan would never kiss a man so quick but under the circumstances she did not care. Unable to catch her breathe Rowan is the first to pull away, she smiles back at him before shyly looking away from his gaze. Leo places his finger under her chin as he forces her to look at him, he leans forward and presses his soft lips against her forehead before pulling away. Leo picks up her clean shirt and helps her dress, without her even asking. 'You sure you're going to okay going back on there?' she asks him as she helps him pull down the hem of the shirt. 'I'll be fine. Just stay inside and don't go anywhere' 'I wasn't planning to, but promise me you will stay alive out there' 'You have my word' he swears as he cups her cheek and kisses her once again in the lips, there was something between them that Rowan could not deny. A sort of magnetism that drew her in and she didn't want to stop it. The kiss was short but sweet, Leo could sense that she was nervous around him and didn't blame her. She quickly excused herself and walked back into the living room, before sitting on the arm of the chair with Cali. Cali looking at Rowan but said nothing but instead silently judged her. 'What?' 'Nothing, just you took your time' Cali pointed out, Rowan could feel her being pressed but wasn't going to tell Cali a thing. 'So, we just talked, what's the big deal?' 'Really?' 'Jesus Cali what's with the third degree?' Rowan finally snapped, she could not believe that Cali would not leave well enough alone. 'Rowan, we don't know him, you shouldn't trust him so much. I don't want you to get hurt' 'I'll be fine Cali, I'm a big girl. I know he isn't your favourite person right now, but he got us here. He risked his own life to save our lives, you just have to give him a chance' 'I'll try but if he hurts you or my mom, I'll kill him' Rowan places her hand onto Cali's shoulder, hoping to reassure her that she would be fine, that they were safe. 'This is News 10 reporting on a lively Purge Night across the country. We have riots in East Los Angeles, as well as record participation in Pittsburgh...' Before Rowan could catch what was said on the TV it was cut to an abrupt end by Tanya, whom had way too much to drink and was beginning to embarrass herself in front of everyone. 'All right, people, let's change the atmosphere up in here. No more Purge news. No more nothing depressing. Let's put on some music, and let's just liven it up a little bit, right? Come on, you want to dance?' Leo walked back into the room and watches as he walks into the kitchen and begin to talk to Eva, she forgets about Tanya attempting to get the attentions of her sister's husband. Something more was going on between them, Rowan was not sure if the others could see it but Tanya was trying a little too hard. 'What? You don't wanna do it? What? Lorraine, do you care if we dance? She doesn't even care. She's not even paying attention. Now he's... Look at him. He's asleep' Looking back to the kitchen Rowan sees that Leo and Eva are deep in conversation, that he is trying to get a car to get back to what he was initially planning to do that night. Something was off, Rowan could sense it and decided to go and see what was going on. 'Cali I'm going to check on your mom, I'll be right back' 'Okay' Getting back to her feet she quickly walks into the kitchen, catching the end of their conversation. 'There is no car' Oh fuck Rowan thought to herself This is not good. 'What? Did you know about this?' he asks as he turns to face Rowan, his face tense with anger and frustration. 'No. I work with Tanya but were not friends, Eva is closer with her than I am. Is it true?' Both Rowan and Leo look back at Eva, Leo was pissed and he was about to explode at Eva but Rowan knew she did it to protect her daughter and herself. She doubted that Leo would care about that, he had plans that night and they ruined it. The purge was about to come to an end and may miss his chance to get the revenge that he desired so badly. 'I'm sorry, they don't have a car. But we needed you' 'And I needed the car' 'I did what I had to. I did it for my daughter' 'I was doing this for my son. And I trusted you. You have no idea what you might have taken away from me tonight' he tells her as he storms out of the kitchen. 'Eva why did you do that?' 'I'm sorry Rowan but I had to, we were going to die out there. If I didn't do something Cali would be dead out there. You would be too' Eva answers her as she steps backwards, her back pressing against the kitchen wall. 'Eva we owed him, he save our lives back there' 'I know. I know' 'Jesus Eva' As Rowan turned to walk back into the living room, hoping to say goodbye to Leo, she watched as Lorraine fired a gun at her sister. Bullets pierced her Tanya's body before she collapsed to the ground, their mother attempted to wrestle to gun from her hands as more bullets fired into the wall and ceiling. Rowan hides behind the wall in the kitchen, hoping not to get shot at again for the second time it was the last thing that she needed. 'No! Lorraine! What are you doing?!' Their mother was briefly silenced as Lorraine elbowed her own mother in the face, she too collapses to the ground as her father crawls over to his fallen child. 'Tanya! Tanya!' It is too late as he tries to awaken her, she is already dead as she lays still on the ground as blood begins to escape from her body. 'Lorraine! What've you done? What are you doing, Lorraine?Jesus Christ, she's dead. You killed your sister! She's your sister! Lorraine! What are you doing?' 'You know what I'm doing. I read all your emails, you cheating motherfuckers. You both deserve to die!' Lorraine fires more shots towards her husband, meanwhile Rowan ducks and begins to move towards her friends. Rowan hides behind an arm chair as she looks over at Cali and Leo, to Rowan this night seemed to have gone from bad to worse and seemed too good to be true. 'Okay, Lorraine! Lorraine, stop!' 'No!' 'Get back, get back. Back up, back up! I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry' Rowan peers over the arm chair and watches on helplessly as Roddy, Lorraine's husband, grabs Liz from her spot on the floor and places a handgun to her head. 'What the fuck are you doing?!' Liz screams as she tries her hardest to fight against him. 'Lorraine. If you shoot me, you shoot this woman' 'Just let her go!' Shane is as helpless as Rowan is, neither of them have a gun within in reach and can do nothing to stop the asshole. 'You don't wanna do that! Lorraine, I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything. I didn't mean it. She hasn't done anything to you. Okay? So, cut this out!' Roddy attempts to back away but the huge TV is preventing him from getting away, he thought he had a plan but it did not appear to be working out for him so far. Rowan would have been tempted to shoot him herself, just to get him to stop and shut the fuck up. 'Fuck you! This is my right, granted to me by my government...' Leo soon stops Roddy and fires a bullet into the man's leg forcing him to release Liz and she collapses into Shane. 'Leave him alone! He's mine!' Lorraine has a new target and begins firing at Leo, he ducks behind the wall for a moment before firing back at her. 'Door, now. Go. Door! Go!' Leo does not stop firing his gun until Shane and Liz rush by him and out of the apartment, he grabs Rowans good arm and yanks her from her hiding place and leads her own to safety 'Door, door, door! Now! Move, move, move! Go, go[Chapter 16] Rowan somewhat knew that finally making it to Tanya's apartment was too good to be true, almost every aspect of their night had gone from bad to worse. They had nowhere else to go, it was too dangerous to go back upstairs and it was too much of a risk to head outside. The others ran ahead of her as they made it down the staircase, Leo was not far behind his gun firmly gripped in his hand. When they finally reached the bottom, Rowan held tightly on to the bannister as she tried to catch her breath. 'I can't believe Tanya's dead' Eva first to speak up, all of them shaken by what they had seen and scared that nowhere appeared to be safe. 'Are you okay?' Leo quietly asked her as he walked by her, he looked her over before their eyes connected. 'I'm okay, don't worry about me' Leo continued to walk down the remaining stairs, walking passed Liz and Shane, he was clearly pissed as yet again his plans had gone to shit. 'What do we do now? Where do we go?' Liz dares to ask as Leo begins to pace along the hallway, it appeared that he had to take care of the group again. Their lives were in his hands and he did not like it, time was running out for the purge and he needed to get out of there. Leo yells as he bangs his balled-up fist against a wall, Rowan feels guilty that he is stuck with them all again. 'Are you gonna leave us now?' 'What?' 'Are you gonna leave us now?' Cali asks once again, Rowan could hear the fear in her voice as she was scared too. She didn't want to go back out there; her arm was still in agony and did not have the strength to fight back. They stood together, trying to think somewhat of a plan, something to get them all through the rest of the night. As they waited in silence the noise was interrupted by vehicles coming from outside of the apartment. 'Tell me that's not what I think it is' Rowan expressed her displeasure but she isn't the only one. 'You've gotta be fucking kidding me' 'Shh!' 'How did they find us?' 'Stay here. Don't move!' He warns them before walking away, Rowan knows that she should stay put but she doesn't listen and follows him. It doesn't take him long to realise he has a shadow, he quickly turns to face her. 'Stay here Rowan' 'Why? You can't go out there alone' 'I don't want you getting hurt, again' 'Yeah thanks for reminding me, I didn't realise I was that much of a burden' she snaps at him as she rolls her eyes. 'Please Rowan' 'You don't know how many is out there' 'And neither do you, look I am fast. I just want to see how many is there and how much of a chance we have. Make sure the others are safe, just stay here' he pleads for her to listen to him, just for once. He needs her safe, to get out of there while they can and she was holding him up from going out there. 'Fine, just don't leave us. We can't get that far without your help' 'I'll be back' He turns his back to her and quietly as a mouse slips outside, taking a deep breath Rowan walks back to the others as they try to wait patiently for his return. 'Do you think he's gonna come back?' Cali asks, the tension is high and Rowan knows it won't be long until someone breaks. 'He is going to come back, we just have to stay calm and wait' Rowan hopes that her statement will help them but it doesn't seem to work. 'What do we do if he doesn't?' 'He will, he promised' They waited for what seemed an age, Rowan could not prevent herself from chewing on the edge of her thumb nail as she tapped her food against the ground. Please come back she would constantly think to herself Please don't be dead, come back. What's going on out there, what's taking so long. He should have been back by now . Rowan tried her hardest to be brave for the others, keeping them all calm but inside she was almost breaking down herself. Scared that the group who tried to kill them earlier was going to finish the job and she was not going to see the end of the night. Rowan did not want the others to die none of them deserved this, no one deserved to die. F uck the new founding fathers, fuck this night Rowan thought . Her back rested against the wall, she looked back and forth between the others and the door that Leo had just walked through. 'Please come back' Eva muttered to herself before the door opened once again, Leo looked panicked as he walked towards them. 'They found us. Move fast, now. Come on' Everyone does as he says and follows him outside without a second thought, they step back into the dark alleyway as he leads them to a chain-link fence. 'Move now. We have 30 seconds. Over the fence, fast. Now. Go!' Liz and Shane are the first to climb over the fence, followed by Cali and Eva, Leo looks at Rowan and presses his forehead against hers. 'Look at me. You go, you get over that fence, you run. You don't stop. You run for your life. Do you understand?' 'Yes' she quietly answers, knowing she may not see him again. 'You don't fucking wait for me. Go. Go, go, go!' Leo helps her over the fence, Eva is waiting for her on the other side as she knows that Rowan's arm may be problematic getting back down. Together they waited for Leo, staring at the metal fence before them. Rowan and the others were unaware of the danger sneaking behind them before it's too late. Rowan mouth is covered by a large hand before she is pulled back and dragged away, it was too late to warn Leo that there was danger on both sides[Chapter 17] Rowan along with the others are pulled away from the fence, if they resisted, they would find themselves silenced with a fist or even kicked into submission. This had happened to Rowan as she attempted to get away and back to Leo, he had no idea what he was about to get into. They were thrown into the back of a small white truck before the door behind them was slammed shut. Rowan lay curled on the cold ground as her ribs throbbed in agony, she wouldn't be surprised if they broke a rib or two. Cali shuffles towards Rowan on her knees, concerned that her friend was badly hurt. 'Are you okay?' 'I just need a moment' 'Rowan...' 'I'm fine Cali, please just check on your mom' she replies, trying to reassure her that she was fine. It takes a moment but Cali moves back to her mom. A few minutes later the doors are thrown open once again, this time Leo was forced into the back with the others. He landed on top of Rowan causing her chest to burst into pain, she cries out before he can scramble away. 'Rowan I'm sorry. What happened?' he asks Eva. 'She was fighting them, not doing what they wanted. They threw her to the ground and started kicking her. They may have broken something, she has been lying there for a while' 'We're going to be okay' 'How can you say that? I mean look where we are' 'Trust me' Leo helps Rowan up from the floor and gets her to sit up, resting her back against the cold metal siding. The pain slowly subsiding but causes her discomfort, she places a hand onto her ribs adding a small amount of pressure. 'I'm sorry for hurting you' 'It wasn't your fault, you didn't know I was there' Rowan tells him 'But I don't think we are going to make out this time' 'We will' The doors open and a man climbs in the back with them, he is wearing a white mask with the word God on the forehead followed by another; his face was painted white with patches of black around his eyes and lips. They were all ordered to sit against the side, joining Leo and Rowan. They didn't say anything before the truck started and began to drive away. Instead the pointed a gun at them, there was a flashlight attached to it and it was shone into their eyes. Rowan rested against Leo, her head resting onto his shoulder. It was hard for her to stay optimistic, especially after the change of events, she just this night to be over. 'How did you find us?' Cali bravely asked, Eva quietly tried to stop her. 'No, Cali, no' The man pulls up his mask and finally reveals himself, not caring that they know what he looks like. 'We got lucky. I mean, we was roaming around out there all night. Just picking up the people who got away from those badass trucks. We get their scraps' 'Why haven't you just killed us already?' 'We're not Purging tonight. We don't need to kill anyone. We just need money. Right, bro?' he asks his accomplice but he doesn't speak a word 'Money!' The truck comes to a stop with a screech, Rowan is scared she doesn't want to move or get out. She fears for what awaits them and has a gut feeling that something bad was about to happen. 'All right, let's go. Let's go, let's go, let's go!' the man ordered, Leo stood and helped her to stand up. Leo firmly takes a hold of her hand and leads her towards the open doors of the truck 'Come on, come on, let's go, let's go!' 'No, no, no! Who the fuck are they? What the fuck are you doing to us?' Liz yells, she tries her best to fight them but they keep shoving everyone towards two men waiting for them. Two men in suits, too nice to be purging. 'Don't let go of my hand' Leo warns her, she doesn't reply but her grip hardens onto his, she looks around hoping to find and opening so they can get away but there was none. 'I need my money, man. Let's go, let's do this' 'What are they doing?' 'It's all there' The man in the suit hands him a small bundle of cash, they were being paid to find people on the street but for what purpose. 'Yeah! Let's go! Let's go, move!' 'Get in there!' The group are push and shoved towards the door of the building, Liz and Shane begin to fight them but are easily grabbed and carried inside. Seeing this Cali and Eva begin to panic as they too are forced inside leaving Rowan and Leo outside. A man in suit begins pointing a gun at the pair but Rowan refuses to let go of his hand, fearing what might happen to him or herself if she did. Leo and the man stare at one another, not saying a thing, Leo smirks and doesn't fight back. Together Leo and Rowan follow the others inside as the walk along a dark and dimly lit hallway. 'No!' 'Cali?' 'Mom!' 'Get up the stairs, now' One of the hired goons' shoves Leo too hard, forcing him to realise his hold on Rowan and falling to the ground. The same man who pushed him hovers over him, takes a hold of Leo's jacket and pulls him back to his feet. 'Get up! Get up!' 'Leave him alone! He's up!' 'Rowan I'm okay' They are pushed until they reach the narrow stairs until the reach the top, they arrive at an open space before them a blue curtain blocking their view. 'Get on your knees. Get down! Get down! Get on your knees. On your knees!' They do what they are told as they are tossed to the ground, they aren't alone there are other people with them, none that Rowan recognises. 'Where are we? What is this?' Cali speaks up, but Leo warns her to be quiet. The men behind them were serious and carried some really big guns. 'Shh' 'If you move or speak, you will be shot' The curtains ahead of them quickly opened and were blinded by a bright light, when Rowan's eyes were able to adjust, she was shocked by what she could see. Ladies and gentlemen, the next batch has just arrived. Let's take a look, shall we? Quite an impressive lot, isn't it? Ladies and gentlemen, since this is the last Purge of the evening, the entry price will be $200,000. Mr. Lockhart! And his wonderful wife, Lauren. Fantastic. The Hanover sisters! Ah! I've been waiting all evening for your participation. Fantastic. And I assume you brought your signature blades. All right, one spot left. Anyone else? Mr. Hearst! Oh, wonderful! And will your handsome sons be joining you? - What do you say, guys? - Yeah, let's do it. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be Charles and Tom's first. I am so happy that you have this to share together. Oh, and one last reminder. The weapons rack is stocked with the latest and the greatest. And my personal favorite is the Mauser Elite SSX Double Barrel. It has a delicate trigger, and smoothest discharge. It is so precise, it's as if God handcrafted it himself. Well, that will do it. Purgers, please suit up. Good luck. Good luck. We'll see you shortly on the hunting grounds.[Chapter 18] 'What the fuck?' Rowan quietly muttered beside Leo, he looked at her for a moment as their eyes meet before they both look ahead of them. They were being applauded as if they were beginning an act of a play, and in the audience sat small groups of people sitting at small round tables. This was what they were talking about online, the rich slaughtering others for money and in the safety of their own people. 'Quite an impressive lot, isn't it? Ladies and gentlemen, since this is the last Purge of the evening, the entry price will be $200,000' The woman on the stage looked like someone's grandmother, a sweet old lady, wearing a beautiful blue gown with the finest jewelry. Instead of doing nice things like baking cookies, like normal grandmothers, she was inciting murder instead. Rowan reaches for Leo's hand once again, she is so scared that she feels herself grasping onto him so hard, worrying that she is crushing his fingers. He shows nothing on his face that she is causing him pain but instead gives her a reassuring squeeze. 'Mr. Lockhart! And his wonderful wife, Lauren. Fantastic' the older woman calls out, each of them willing to have blood on their hands 'The Hanover sisters! Ah! I've been waiting all evening for your participation. Fantastic. And I assume you brought your signature blades. All right, one spot left' Rowan had begun to shake, she was scared, concerned that she and the others could not get out of this one. Even with Leo with them, she doubted the odds would be in their favour, there was too many rich pricks paying to kill them all. 'Anyone else? Mr. Hearst! Oh, wonderful! And will your handsome sons be joining you?' 'What do you say, guys?' 'Yeah, let's do it' 'Ladies and gentlemen, this will be Charles and Tom's first. I am so happy that you have this to share together. Oh, and one last reminder. The weapons rack is stocked with the latest and the greatest' the old woman went on, Rowan wanted her to shut the hell up and to get on with it 'And my personal favorite is the Mauser Elite SSX Double Barrel. It has a delicate trigger, and smoothest discharge. It is so precise, it's as if God handcrafted it himself. Well, that will do it. Purgers, please suit up. Good luck. Good luck. We'll see you shortly on the hunting grounds' 'Get up. Come on!' 'Get up! Get up! Get up! Quit stalling!' the goons yelled as they Rowan and the others were pulled back to their feet and frog marched from the stage 'Come on! Move your ass!' 'Okay! Stop fucking pushing me asshole!' Rowan answered back, having enough of her smart mouth one of the men pushed her so hard it caused her to fall over onto her hands and knees. Leo was helpless to do anything as he watches on, held back by the men in suits, she is pulled back to her feet not giving her a chance to look at her grazed hands. They throbbed and burned as she walked along the dark passages once again, not sure of what hell now awaited them. 'Move it! Go! Move it!' 'Fuck you, we're moving' 'Rowan!' Eva warned her, but Rowan wasn't going to listen. 'I don't give a shit, keep your fucking hands off of me' 'Get in there!' They moved into a room before the doors were slammed behind them, Rowan could hear it being locked as she struggled to see anything. The room was dark and the lights shining from the ceiling did very little to lighten the room, no one could see anything in front of them as the all swarmed together. Rowan moves by Leo's side and takes his hand, she can feel someone holding onto the back of her shirt and doesn't look behind to see who it was. 'Stay close to me. Follow me. Move' More lights flicker on but it does not make much of a difference. Leo leads them towards what appears to be a water fountain and squats down low to the floor. 'Get down. Get down, get down' 'Wait What is this?' Shane is the first to ask, Rowan moves down onto her knees before she rests her back down against the fountain the cold hard fountain. 'We're being hunted' They hear a door open somewhere, but Rowan cannot see a thing as she tries to look around. She watches as Leo takes a peak over a small wall no doubt assessing to see what kind of shit they had gotten into. 'What?' ","Summary":" Hi so this is my first Fanfiction story and I decided to start with The Purge. Sometimes I skip rea"},{"Movie":"Purge, 2013","Title":"The Purge: A Night to Survive","Author":"Kyliegh Sioux","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9539219","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Purge: A Night to Survive I never have been good at goodbyes and I'm the best at avoiding them. They leave a numbing taste in my mouth and a swelling in my throat that seems to linger even after the departure is made. They are possibly the hardest thing for me when it comes to socializing because all my life people have walked out on me with the least justified goodbyes I have ever heard. My parents left me and my kid brother, Max, with my sick grandmother after being pushed from foster home to foster home. I stand at the sink in the kitchen cleaning the plates we have just dirtied at lunch. Max has taken Nana back to her room, she complained of feeling dizzy and cold. I try to ignore the lump in my throat that seems to grow every second that passes by. Today is the Annual Purge and I have another year to make a medicine run. My grandmother is our caregiver and after we found out that she has, what the doctors explained as, slow virus disease, and when both Nana and Max were out of the room, the doctor explained to me that she will die from this disease, if old age doesn't get to her first. I look up at the small bell sitting on the window sill. It's an old bell that has only been tarnished by the many years that have passed as it sits accompanied by dust and empty spots that have yet to be touched enough by the sun to color it the same as the wood. It is a beautiful bell with a sun bleached blue ribbon. It makes me smile knowing that it's been the only consistent thing in my life, a tiny bell on the window sill at Nana's house. \"Remy!\" Max screams at the top of his lungs. Alarm runs through my body and my heart sinks. I drop the dishes I have in my hands and I sprint towards my Nana's room where his scream seems to have come from. I round the corner to see that Max is holding her hand to his face, tears rolling down his flushed cheeks. I rush to her side and immediately put two fingers to her neck, just below her chin. I hold my breath and slowly move my fingers about but all I can feel is her cold flesh. Finally, to my relief, a light pulse is felt beneath my fingertips. I collapse in a chair behind me and wipe the perspiration from my brow. \"She's okay Max. She's just really tired. You should give her some time to rest, she'll be better tomorrow,\" I breathe. Max sucks in air repeatedly as he gently places her hand back down by her side and leaves the room. I look at Nana who just seems to be peacefully dreaming in a deep sleep, \"Nana, we really need you… But I understand if you need to go now, just know that Max and I love you very much,\" I whisper close to her ear before I stand and leave the room. When I walk back out to the kitchen, I see that Max has taken a seat at the table, still looking very distraught. I hate that he has to deal with things like this at his age. I wish I could change the world for him, just enough that he could be a kid and not have a worry in the world, especially a worry of a loved one passing away, whether it be Nana or even me. I resume the dishes I was washing in the sink and try to ignore the startled Max sniffing at the table behind me, \"Max, she'll be okay. Like I said, she just needs to rest. Sometimes she does a little too much and it makes her very tired.\" Max scoots from the table, coming over to my side and he leans against the counter beside me, \"But why didn't she say anything when I asked if she was okay?\" I sigh, \"Because, Max, it takes energy to speak and when she doesn't have any, she can only rest to store up some more so she can talk.\" He nods, falling silent for a moment. After a minute he asks, \"Are you getting her medicine tonight?\" I finish the last plate and set it on the mat with the other dishes, \"Yes,\" I dry my hands on the towel I have draped over my shoulder, \"That's how I know she'll be just fine,\" I give him a reassuring smile. He smiles back, \"You have to be careful though, Remy!\" \"I'll be fine, like every year.\" And it seems to be an empty promise every time it slips past my lips, but I have never been willing to allow someone to make me out of a liar. Max is still at the tender age of twelve, but eventually I will have to teach him the way of the world it now is and since we're in the poorer area of the city, it is something I shouldn't have waited as long to teach him. People will die. We will die. It's just all in the manner of how, when, and by who. \"And you have to make sure no one gets past the basement doors,\" I tell him looking over to the seamless door hidden in the wall, \"Which reminds me, have we got everything down there?\" Max thinks a moment, then nods, \"Everything but Nana.\" I chuckle, \"When that time comes, we'll have to get you both down there,\" I pause to think, running the day through my mind to make sure that nothing was missed, \"Why don't you go to your desk and draw for a little bit?\" He nods contently and heads for his room. I feel a wave of relief knowing that it has only just passed noon, I still have time to make sure that everything is in place. After I dry and put the dishes away, I clean the rest of the kitchen, only to make sure that Nana doesn't feel the need to. I tidy up the living room, checking to make sure that Max has done his job by getting the little valuables we have down to the basement. This is the slowest part of the day, waiting. It seems that this day is the slowest of the year, even the weeks leading up to it. I hate this day, but it's the only way I can get the medication for my Nana, to keep her alive as long as I can. It was only when Max and I moved in with her that she began to get better. Perhaps it was that I was providing the medication to her, or maybe it was that it was just something for her to fight for? Either makes me feel warm. I check the clock again, 2:34. Maybe I should make something for them to eat during the night? As I head back into the kitchen, I hear laughter and voices that sound joyful. I look out of the living room window to see a group of teenagers with their expensive purses and clothing. As much as it would sound like a lie, I do not envy them; in fact, I could care less about them. They wouldn't be able to do what I can do. They wouldn't be able to survive and that makes me feel proud of myself. I can do something, something very important, that they would only dream of doing, given the situation. Spreading food out on the table, I begin to make sandwiches and I set apples aside to make applesauce, I need to make sure that Nana also has something that she can eat and fortunately, she enjoys applesauce, especially when I make it, for some reason? Max on the other hand, he doesn't much care for applesauce, but he does like apples, so I make sure to save a few for him in case he feels like eating healthy. After making the food, I put everything in the small cooler along with an ice pack to keep everything a little cool. I glance at the bell on the windowsill, hoping to always see it there as a reminder that I have family to fight for. I walk down to my room, but I stop at Max's to see that he is not drawing, but writing a letter. If only I were a little taller I could see who is addressed, but I don't allow myself to be nosy and I go to my room. My bed is hard, but it is a bed. I try to keep myself from looking at the clock because it will only make my nerves unbearable. Every year I have a conversation with myself about why it is important to participate in the Purge. It is important for my family, for my little brother and mostly for my Nana. Every year I have been successful and I can only hope that it continues to be that way. Finally, I check the clock and it reads 6:16. I sigh. I get up and pace through the house one last time, checking every room thoroughly; my fingers feel for the locks at the top of the windows and I pull the curtains closed. We have never had any problems with anyone trying to break in; we've never given them a reason too. I make sure that we look like the poorest family on the block and to break into our home would just be a waste of time. When I make it to Nana's room, she is sitting on the edge of them bed, leaning forward. Before I can speak she looks over at me with a smile, \"Remy,\" Her voice is weak, almost a whisper, \"I hope I didn't scare Max.\" \"Well, kinda, but he's not that hard to scare Max,\" I say jokingly. She laughs, \"Yes, yes. You're going to have to do something about that, too,\" Her tone turns serious. I sit on the bed beside her, \"I know…\" \"In good time,\" She says, pushing off the bed to stand, \"Let's get down to the basement now.\" I call for Max and tell him to grab the cooler. We help get Nana down the stairs and to the bed that is especially for this day. I make my goodbye as short, but meaningful, as possible. After checking that all candles are lit, I start back up the stairs. The emergency broadcast alarms start ringing on the radio. The hard lump that I've seemed to have ignored now returns, cushioned in my swelling throat, and is accompanied with a cool twist of my stomach. I rush to my room to change into the black clothes I set aside to ware every year to sneak through the shadows. With every word the woman speaks, my pace increases. \"Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7 am when the purge concludes. \"Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a Nation reborn. May God be with you all,\" I say with the voice and stand at the breakers, turning off all of the lights.[Chapter 2] ( Thank you so much for the reviews! I didn't expect to get anything so soon! I'm going to try and get my chapters out as quickly as possible! Thanks so much for reading! :) Chapter 2: In The Shadows Even after many years of having to get medicine for my Nana, my muscles still twitch with adrenaline and nerves. I no longer get dizzy from the rush, but my heart still pounds against my ribs as if trying to escape the danger I am willingly walking into. I had to; we can't afford the medication, so I must use the Annual Purge to my advantage to keep my grandmother alive as long as I possibly can. After the sun has set enough to cast shadows I take deep breathes and double check my weapons. The knives I keep convenient on my waist and hidden in my boots are really the only form of protection I have. Another deep breath and slowly I open the backdoor. I had to work on it for months to keep it from squeaking. My eyes instantly scan the streets around me. I'm so used to having to use all of my senses, my ears now seem to move in the direction I hear a noise in. Familiar men dressed in camouflage walk away from me carrying guns over their shoulders. I encounter them every year, but thankfully for the black mask I wear, they have no idea who I am after The Purge. My breath makes small clouds in the air as I slip down the stairs, making sure to avoid the last noisy step; it almost gave me away one year when a group of shadowy figures was walking past our house. I hide in the shadows casted against the house. The closest pharmacy to us is only a few blocks away, but I usually can't get much from that store, if I can manage to get anything at all. I tuck my wavy crimson hair into my black hood and put the mask in place before I step out into the street. I avoid the streetlamps that are extremely inconvenient for me considering they are placed within light shot of each other, so where one ends, another begins. Suddenly, a shot in the air stops me in my tracks and I race for the cover of the shadows against a brick building, but I can't stop moving. I continue on my mission. The shadows are cooler, leaving my skin crawling towards the warmth that has collected beneath my black jacket. I don't remember it ever being this cold during a Purge before. As I make it around a corner, a fight has already broken out in the middle of the street. A group surrounds someone on the ground, beating him. This must have been the source of the gun shot. They yell at him, cursing and calling him vulgar names. I move on, keeping as subtle as possible. As I keep covered in the shadows, a man's scream has me drop to the ground and covering myself with my sleeves. I peek up over my arms and it's the man that was surrounded, they now have him held up between two people and three others are kicking and punching him. I crawl on the ground until I get to the other side of the building and I scramble to my feet. I peer around the corner back to the ground to make sure that no one has seen me. To my right, the pharmacy sits between two taller buildings. It is decorated with painted ivy vines and vases with flowers that I always admire every year that I come here. I see it as a little beauty caught up in a blood filled night. I can see that a window is already broken out of it. That is never a good sign, I can't waste time waiting for someone to finish their shopping, especially if they are after the same medicine I am. I bite my lip and step forward until I'm at a sprint towards the pharmacy. When I get to the broken glass I stop and throw myself against the wall. Quickly I peek in through the broken window. Three men are rummaging through the medicine cabinets and drawers. To my advantage, they are facing away from me, so I have a chance to sneak inside without them noticing me if I'm cautious. Carefully, I step in through the window. The crunching of the glass beneath my boots is muffled by the mumbling of the men who are constantly shuffling through objects. A dark shadow in the far right corner of the room catches my eye and I slither towards it. \"Dammit Scott! I can't find anything!\" A low voice complains. \"Shut up and keep looking!\" Another snaps. I curl up into the corner and keep my hand readied at the knife nestled on my waist. I have never had to use it, but I do practice with them often. Of course, I don't want to make the mistake of thinking I will never have to. After a few minutes, my muscles begin to relax and I start to count. I will never stay in one spot longer than it takes me to count to three hundred. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6… 74, 75, 76, 77- \"There ain't nothin' here!\" A new voice growls in frustration, throwing something down to the floor, \"We're wastin' the night here.\" Another loud object is thrown to the floor, \"Yeah, let's get the hell out of here!\" I can't help but sigh in relief. The men push fallen stands out of their path as they leave the store. I notice one man limping, almost bad enough to need help stepping over the window, and I assume he's the one in need for the medicine. When their dark shadows disappear, I crawl through the littered floor and into the medicine storage. I get to my feet and instantly begin to check through the drawers and on the floor where medicine is scattered like marbles. After almost ten minutes of searching, I finally find two bottles of Amphetamine, a medication that helps Nana keep attentive. I quickly put the medicine in the pocket on my thigh when I hear a crash from the front of the store and almost instantly I can hear the humming of fire. The back of the store illuminates with an orange color. I glance over the counter where a wall of fire has already spread in front of the entrance. Heat fills my lungs and the mask cradles the warm air against my face. Quickly, I pull it off and begin to search for an exit. Frantically, I push fallen shelves out of the way and open a door into a small bathroom. I curse and turn back to where I came when a flash of the word \"Exit\" catches my eye. My feet stagger forward and I barely make it around the corner before an explosion goes off from the front of the store. I burst through the exit and come into an empty alley. I take a deep breath and collect myself. If I hadn't made medicine runs before, I probably would go home right now, but two bottles aren't going to be enough for an entire year, I need at least ten more bottles and the next pharmacy is across town. I put my mask back on and start down through the alley. I stay in the protection of the shadows the entire way to the next pharmacy. I relax a little when the small pharmacy finally comes into view. It is placed adjacent to a dollar store where it is evident that it has already been ransacked for everything. They both sit at a corner, facing away from each other and a little hot dog stand claims the empty courtyard between them. I take Max there after school sometimes; he always reminds me that he loves the place and he refuses to eat hotdogs anywhere else. I creep towards the pharmacy while still managing to stay in the shadow of a stretch of buildings. My steps are slow and careful as I always keep an eye all around me. I constantly have to move my head side to side from the mask only allowing me to see what is directly ahead of me, something I will have to work on when I get back. When I reach the pharmacy doors, I peer through the glass to make sure that no one had decided to take a less obvious entrance into the store and when no shadows cross my view, I search for a near, heavy object. As my eyes still scan through the streets, I find a rock and quickly throw it in through the glass. I jump through as the glass is still falling like rain. I briskly search the store for any hidden visitors. I get to back and instantly begin searching. To my surprise, everything looks full, restocked. I grab handfuls of Vicodin and Keppra, (used to stop seizures) and I grab enough Amphetamine for a year and a couple months. I'm about to leave when I see a note posted on the inside of the door. I finish securing my pockets and pull the note off the door that reads, \"Take what you need and May God be with you all.\" They restocked the store on purpose. A smile manages to cross my face.[Chapter 3] The first year I participated in The Annual Purge always comes to my mind when I'm heading back home. I was fourteen and Max was nine. He never knew about The Annual Purge until later that year after it had been and gone. That's the year my Nana got sick, too sick to live without medicine and that was our only option, my only option. She begged me not to go, but I did anyways and I'm glad I did. I learned many things in the first two years of participating in The Annual Purge, and one of them was to stick to the shadows. I start back to the house, excitement of my good fortune still distracting me from the night of hell I'm walking through. It's eerily vacant with the only sound in the air from the roaring fires that have started on the streets. What a mess it always is after only 12 hours of The Annual Purge, 12 hours of allowing people to do whatever they want without consequence. I almost feel bad for the pharmacy the angry barbarians burned down just because they couldn't find the medication they were after. The night has gotten even colder and now there's a crunch after every step I make, slowing me down. I've pulled the hoodie up over my nose to keep the clouds from my breath from appearing. Once in a while I stop to overlook the streets, just to cover myself. It isn't very often you will see people on their own, most people are smart and they team up with others with the same goal, but I've never had that luxury, I refuse to talk about The Annual Purge with anyone, let alone tell them I participate. Again, I hear a group that sounds like a gang of twenty, but I have never seen a group so large, though it may not be a bad idea. When I clear the building I have been using as cover I see the same five men and they have just tackled a man to the ground. I call these people Demons because that's all they use the Purge for is to get away with murder and violence that they hold in all year. I wonder what they did with their first victim. I hide behind a wall and look over at the group as he gets away. He starts running towards me and our eyes lock. He slows, staring at me. Before he can get five yards from me, they pull him back. He hits the ground with a huff of air that leaves his lungs and a knife is driven into his side. His scream makes me flinch. Between the Demons legs, he looks over at me, an eye swollen accented with blood covering his face. He lips to me, \"Please… Help…\" Dammit. What do I do? Do I dare help him? That's if I can help him. Will he just turn around and rob me? Or worse, would he kill me? What if I needed help and the one person I was pleading to turned away from me? What if he is providing for his loved ones like I am? I can't leave him, it wouldn't feel right. Before I allow myself to change my mind, I dart forward, taking the knife from my waist sheath. I jump onto an attackers back, driving the knife into his neck. It's almost like I'm cutting through butter with rubber bands inside. I twist it, feeling a pop in the handle of the knife, I hit an artery. Immediately he pushes me off and falls to the ground, madly holding his neck, screaming. Suddenly I'm thrown back to the ground and I land beside the victim. A Demon hits me with the butt of a gun across my left temple. My head jolts to the side and my vision blurs. I can feel thick liquid running down my face and through my hair. A foot presses into my neck and I lift my arm, stabbing the closest leg to me, swinging the knife, I can feel it cutting through flesh and veins. It paid off to spend a few hours sharpening a plain old kitchen knife. My mask is ripped off and I can see that I've managed to injure all of them, but not enough to stop them, just enough to piss them off. A kick to my side knocks the wind out of me and I curl into the fetal position, afraid to move. What have I done? Did I really think that I could take all of them myself? \"A girl?!\" A voice angrily exclaims. \"And she came to us,\" A throaty laugh comes from my side. \"She killed my brother!\" An angry roar makes me involuntarily swallow and my mouth immediately drys. A large fist hits me hard on my left cheek, then in my stomach and a kick that throws me a few feet. The guy I had saved is scrambling to his feet, only to be knocked down, quickly, by another man. Come on, it can't be too hard? I've already got one of them and injured another severely. He picks me up by my hair and spits at me. \"You think you were really going to help this piece of shit?\" He gestures to the stranger I saved, or almost saved. \"At least I did some damage.\" I feel and taste the blood in my mouth now and it splatters onto his face when I talk. He throws me to the ground. \"You deserve each other, you're both pieces of shit.\" My leg is grabbed and before I can think. In panic, I start kicking and I plant my boot in his face. He steps back, but he bends down pulling me back by both of my legs until I'm directly underneath him. His face is stained with blood and dirt. He visibly grits his teeth as he pinches the button to my pants with his fingers, \"You're going to regret this, girl.\" Just as he gets the first button through the button loop, he's shoved to the side and he lands in road. \"Come on!\" A younger voice calls and I'm lifted off the ground, \"Run!\" I get to my feet and begin to run when my eyes skim my mask gripped in the hand of the dead man I had stabbed in the neck. I snatch it and catch up to the limping boy, my fingers frantically buttoning my pants. When I look back, the men are collecting their wounded and their one dead. They've given up? I follow the victim as closely as I can. It seems hard to keep my feet from dragging behind me. I'm weak now, obviously. Metallic blood fills my nose and mouth that I spit to get out. The taste clings to the back of my tongue like powder. A growing headache begins at the temple I was hit in and my cheek feels swollen. My head spins and my eyes seem as if they are filled with water. I stop at the edge of a fence, using it to keep me from collapsing on the ground. \"We have to keep going, we don't know if they are following us!\" He says. I look up at him, but his face is too hard to make out with my blurry eyes and the shadow across his face, \"If they wanted us all that bad, they would have come after us already,\" I breathe. Without a word, he wraps my arm around his neck and begins to carry me along with him, \"I'm not taking any chances.\" We travel a few blocks with him carrying me, but when I realize that we are nearing my home, I stop him, \"We need to find somewhere to hide the rest of the night.\" He looks over at me, only the brown in his eyes manage to fight through the watery ripples in my eyes, \"Where do you suggest we go?\" My head drops, I'm unable to hold it up anymore. Blood covers his entire left side. I squeeze my eyes shut and pray that no one has followed us. I lift my arm and extend my finger towards my house, \"Go through the back door and make sure you lock it behind us.\" I order. \"But you better make sure they aren't following us, do you hear me?\" I can feel him turning his head to check behind us. \"I think we're okay.\" \"Lock it behind us...\" I whisper before I black out.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Homecoming I open my eyes to candle light and the smell of stale, damp wood. I relax knowing I'm in the basement. My vision is clearer and my head no longer throbs with an aching pain. I slowly sit up and run my fingers through my hair. At the end of the table, Max is staring over me, his eyebrows pulled together in concern. I open my arms for him and he runs to me, wrapping his arms around my sore torso, but I bite my lip to keep myself from saying anything. I don't want them to know how badly I hurt. When he lets go and steps back away from me, I look over at my Nana sitting across from him. She has pulled the recliner up to the couch. His shirt is up and she's leaning over, cleaning the wound he got from the knife. I jump from the table, \"Nana! What are you doing?!\" I ask in a stern tone. This is when I see that she has nearly finished stitching the wound. She doesn't look up from her work, \"Calm down, child. If I was still a nurse, I would just be doing this in the hospital. I'm almost done anyways.\" \"That's not what I'm worried about,\" I try not to look at him, but when she sits back after finishing his stitches, it's hard to keep my eyes distracted. \"There you go, good as new,\" She smiles delightfully, tilting her head back to look through the small lenses of her glasses that are placed delicately over her nose. \"Thank you very much ma'am. I would have died waiting till seven,\" He says looking up at me, \"You should really get contacts.\" I look at him awkwardly, \"Why do you say that?\" \"Because you're the only one in the world with green eyes like that,\" He chuckles, \"And you wear that mask to keep from people recognizing you, right?\" My tailbone tingles with regret. He knows what I look like now. My Nana bursts out in laughter, \"Ain't that the truth.\" \"Have you taken you're medicine, Nana?\" I ask as my hand reaches down to the empty pocket on my thigh. \"Yes, child. I've already had Max put them away for me,\" She mumbles, sinking back into the recliner, \"You need to be more careful out there.\" My eyes flicker to him again. His dark brown hair is barely held back by a small pony tail and his left eye is swollen, a bruise accompanies it, covering that side of his face. He holds his strong jaw bone up, as if balancing an icepack on his head, \"He was asking me to help. I was nearly home and unharmed before then.\" \"I didn't know you were a girl!\" He says in a defensive tone, \"I thought I was asking for help from another guy!\" \"What does me being a girl have to do with anything!?\" I snap. \"Now, now. You're home and safe now,\" She says with a tired voice, \"There are only a few more hours left. Let's just be thankful you came home at all.\" I turn to Max who sits on a stool in the corner. His forehead rests in the palm of his hands and his elbows on his knees. I kneel down in front of him and lift his chin up, \"What's wrong, Max?\" He shakes his head and begins to put his head back down, but I stop him, \"Max…\" \"I should be going out with you,\" He mutters, \"You got hurt,\" He pouts. I laugh but am stopped short with pain from my side, \"It happens but I'm alive,\" I smile widely, \"and I got Nana's medicine, so it worked out.\" \"Gabe got you back,\" He says quietly, \"He carried you here, even with after being cut real bad.\" Gabe? \"Gabe?\" I echo. \"My name is Gabe Collins,\" He says from behind me. I turn to him, hesitant to give him a name to my face, but the damage has already been done and won't do much good for me to withhold my name anyways, \"And I'm Remy…\" \"Well, it's nice to meet you Remy,\" He says, adding a charming smile at the end. I turn back to Max quickly before he could be me blush, \"How long have I been asleep?\" I ask him under my breath. He looks back down to the floor and thinks for a moment, \"Well, you got back around twelve, and it's about three now.\" My eyes widen, still four hours left until the Purge concludes. I look back at my grandmother, but she is already fast asleep in the recliner. I stand, \"Gabe, do you mind if Max lies down? He usually sleeps on the couch.\" \"Not at all,\" He slowly and carefully stands and limps over to the table I was laying on earlier. I lead Max to the couch and lay him down, pulling the blanket from the back. I cover him and kiss his forehead the way I do every night, \"Try to get some sleep, okay?\" He nods, rolling over to face the back of the couch. I sit on the table next to Gabe. He leans his head against the wall with his eyes closed. I look down at his hands that are calmly placed in front of him. I notice he's wearing a large tan shirt that Max usually wears to bed. His jeans are tattered and stained with blood, dirt, and what looks like oil. He wears brown boots with black lacing, similar to my Purging boots. \"Thanks by the way,\" He says to me, his eyes still closed, \"I don't think anyone else would have done that for a stranger.\" I shrug, \"I would hope someone would help me if I was ever in need of it.\" It falls silent as we both sit there, enjoying a moment to relax. \"Can I ask you a question?\" He asks, breaking the silence. \"Sure.\" \"Why were you participating in the Purge?\" His question is quiet, almost as if he didn't want to ask, but his curiosity got the best of him. I look over at him, he's now looking at me. I can see now that his eyes are a dark chocolate color, \"I had to get medicine for my grandmother. She's… sick…\" He nods, looking down at his fingers that twist together. \"Why were you participating?\" He chuckles, \"I wanted the new Madonna CD for free,\" He jokes, \"It was worth it.\" I snicker, \"Really? You seem more of a Christina Aguilera kinda guy.\" \"Yeah, I could go for both, honestly,\" He laughs. I set my head back on the wall behind me, \"I told you why I was out, it's only fair that you return the favor you know.\" \"Ha… yeah…\" He starts, \"But you had a more justified reason than I did.\" \"What was your reason?\" I ask. He is silent for a moment, as if in thought. His eyes stare across the room and at the wall that is painted with shadows being casted by the dozens of candles placed around the room, \"I was on my way to get pain pills,\" He says, still staring across the room, \"and not for the same reason you were after them.\" I nod, understanding what he didn't want to say, \"Tough habit to keep up.\" \"Tell me about it,\" He turns his palm over, a large scar stretches across from his pinky to his thumb, \"This is from two years ago. I had to fight a guy off for the last few bottles.\" \"That should have been when you realized that it wasn't worth dying over.\" He laughs and he looks over at me, \"It's an amazing thing you're doing here, you know. Providing for them, risking your life to save your grandmother every year.\" I lean forward, resting my elbows on my knees, \"So they told you all of that while I was asleep.\" He nods, \"Except for the name of the diner you work at, I guess I'm not completely trust worthy quite yet.\" \"Yet?\" I repeat, \"Who says there's going to be a 'yet'?\" He chuckles, \"Fair enough.\" I sit back, \"You got any family?\" \"Oh yeah, two brothers, an older one and a younger one,\" He explains, \"Parent's died when I was about fifteen.\" \"That always sucks…\" \"Yeah… both during a Purge…\" My eyes widen, I didn't expect that, \"I'm sorry…\" Is all I can think of to say. He looks over at me, expectantly. \"I'm going to assume they told you about my parents, too?\" I sigh. \"Well, your grandma did,\" He says. I roll my eyes, \"I should have known.\"[Chapter 5] (Reviews welcomed :) Chapter 5: Fast Recovery I wake up in the morning and stretch with a yawn. The house is silent besides the ticking of talking clocks. The wooden floor is cold on my feet and I rush to collect my things for the day and start out of my room when the calendar catches my eye. It's been almost three months since the last Purge and my ribs almost ache with the remembrance of the night. I try to forget that I killed a man. I try to forget the smell of the blood. Shaking off the shivers, I continue to the bathroom to get ready. My mornings are always long with getting Max around for school and making sure Nana has her medicine for the day. I tape reminders throughout the house for her, even along her walker, when she decides to use it. After I get Max on the bus, I start my two mile walk to the small diner I work at. It's a nice job considering Joe pays me under the table. He always offers to buy me a small, beater car for a little extra work, but I gratefully decline adding that I don't like driving and that I easily get motion sickness, which both in turn are lies, I just want us to continue to look like the poorest house on the block, for one night a year. It's always odd to see the streets cleaned up after a Purging. Where bodies once lay, people walk past without a thought. It especially strikes me odd when I walk past the first pharmacy I had robbed before it burned to the ground, but to my surprise, it is being quickly rebuilt from the ashes as if it were an accident. The air is warmer this morning and the red sky quickly fades into a pretty sky blue. My heels tap the sidewalk, annoyingly, but I still manage a smile when I walk past someone. I wear a longer jacket to hide the uniform I have to wear. It is the best job I could possibly scrounge up, not to mention the under the table pay. I step onto the small concrete bridge, the Brent Bridge that I love to hate, which is the best way to describe our relationship. My bad fortunes always seem to find me here, the luck to bust a heel or blow an article of clothing into the water below, yet the scene is beautiful, especially with a blanket of snow. The diner is usually a block on the other side of the bridge and on that block, there is a flower shop with delicately hanging flowers in the windows. Sometimes I will stop in to fill my nose with the sweet moisture that hangs in the air and the old woman will greet me with the kindest smile, but her daughter can only ever find a scowl for me. I get to the end of the bridge and turn towards the flower shop. My nose is in the air excited to smell the lingering aroma of flowers. When a large purple plant hanging outside of the flower shop catches my eye, I smile. I'm so glad this store was untouched in the midst of a group of pyros setting things on fire to have a good time. When I get closer to the window, I can see inside the small shop that it's colorful with the black lights beaming down on the fluorescent petals. The owner's daughter lazily sits behind the counter, glaring down at the floor. Maybe today wouldn't be a good day for me to stop by for a visit? The diner's parking lot is already half-full and I sigh. Joe's truck sits in the back, rust claims the middle of the hood, slowly spreading to the outside, pushing the navy blue down the sides. I take a deep breath before I open the door. The bell doesn't fail to introduce me. Joe pokes his head out of the serving window. His bald head and goatee makes him look tougher than he really is, \"Rem! 'Bout time you got here!\" \"Sorry, Joe, Nana was a bit slow today,\" I say as I take my jacket off, \"Is Trista here?\" \"Yep, just went on a quick smoke break,\" He answers. I look around at the customers and roll my eyes. She always takes smoke breaks and leaves me with her customers but keeps the full tip for herself, \"I'm not picking up her customers today, Joe.\" He finishes putting fries in the fryer and turns to me, \"Okay, I'll go get her.\" As he goes back, I stand at the front counter and wait for more customers to come in. It's almost ten minutes before Trista comes back in, smelling like a bar. She sneers at me and quickly makes her way around the diner to her customers. My eyes always find the horrible tattoo on the small of her back. It's funny how many of her shirts shrink in the dryer. When she comes back to pick up an order she nudges me in the shoulder. \"Sorry,\" The fake tone in her voice is distracting. I bite my tongue. Slowly, the minutes go by and lunch time has passed by an hour. Trista lounges in a chair with her feet propped up on a table, smacking gum and her fingers wildly move against her phone. I can't help but lean against the table, tapping a pen into the beat of my favorite song. A large truck pulls up to the window and parks. Five men jump out, all look like they came from building a house. Stains cover their gray wife beaters. The shirts cling to the dents of their muscles. I look over at Trista who is gawking at them, she starts to stand up when Joe calls for her, \"Give Rem these guys; you've had more customers today.\" \"So?\" She snaps. \"Just do it,\" Joe sighs. As they come through the doors, I'm picking up their menus, and I follow them to the table they've chosen. They sit and I hand out the menus, \"What can I get you guys to drink?\" I ask pulling out the notepad from my pocket. \"Remy?\" I hear a familiar voice that sends goose bumps over my arms. I look up to see Gabe. His eyes flicker with excitement, \"Finally my searching paid off!\" I can't help but smile, \"What are you talking about?\" \"Well, when your grandma told me you worked at a diner, we've been visiting every diner since,\" He explains. I raise an eyebrow, \"So you're attempting to stalk me?\" The group laughs. \"He's found you now,\" The eldest man says with a chuckle. The group starts to talk amongst themselves. \"Can I get you guys some drinks?\" I ask again. Most of them order a Pepsi, but Gabe orders water. When I bring the drinks back, Trista has found her way to the table. It's not hard to tell she's showing off her breasts by having unbuttoned a few buttons of her blouse and pulling her shoulders back. None of them look very interested in her; they actually look more annoyed than anything. \"Hey, Trista, I think Joe wanted you to restock to-go plates in the front,\" I lie, but it needed to be done anyways. She looks over at me, annoyed, \"Then why didn't you do it.\" I force a smile, \"Because these are my customers, sweetie.\" She snorts when she walks away, stomping her heels into the floor as she goes. I set the drinks down and I can't help but look at Gabe. He smiles at me. His face is much smoother now that the blood is gone and his eye isn't swollen anymore. His sun-kissed skin accent's his chocolate brown eyes, \"Shouldn't you be in school?\" He asks me. I nod, \"I should, but I dropped out and got my GED,\" I say, holding the notepad up to show I am ready to take their order. \"Gabe, just ask her out and get it over with,\" A guy to his left says, taking a sip from his cup. \"Do you guys know what you want to order?\" I avoid the subject. I go through taking down their orders, \"Alright, I'll be back,\" I smile. At the serving window, I hand the ticket to Joe. I turn around, surprised to see Gabe that has sat down at the counter behind me. \"You're a hard person to find,\" He says with a slight smile. \"I'm not hiding,\" I shrug and lean against the table in front of him. He takes a toothpick from a holder beside him and he twists it between his forefinger and thumb, \"How's your Nana and Max?\" \"They're good, how are your brothers?\" I also take one, mimicking him. \"They're also good,\" He then snaps the toothpick between him fingers. I smirk and look over at the table with the guys he came in with, \"I'm going to guess that you work with them?\" \"They are,\" He nods, \"Yeah, the older gentleman is my boss. We work at a car garage. He owns it.\" \"I didn't know you were a mechanic.\" He smirks with a nod, \"I am, have been since I was Max's age,\" He says, \"So… when do you get off of work?\" I start to laugh. \"Well, I have to ask now, they brought it up,\" He complains, \"It won't be a date, really, just to catch up.\" I laugh again, \"We just did.\" He nods, \"Then when I come back, we can catch up again?\" I think a moment, \"I get off at six,\" I look up at the clock that now reads 1:43, \"You can walk me home.\" He smiles, \"Sounds good.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Catching Up To my surprise, Gabe shows up, at 5:55, on a crotch rocket with a bullet proof looking jacket and navy blue mechanic pants. He pulls the black helmet off and he smirks at me. I finish serving my last customers and grab my things, preparing to leave and tell Joe when Trista stops me, \"He just wants to get in your pants you know?\" \"Is that why you were flirting with them?\" I ask, coolly. Shock flashes across her face and she runs her tongue around the inside of her lips, \"Yeah, good come back bitch.\" I give her a sincere smile, \"Awe, It's so cute that you think names are going to hurt my feelings,\" with that I turn, \"I'm leaving Joe.\" \"See you tomorrow!\" He calls behind me. If only I could have stayed to see the look on her face, but the childish name calling would have never stopped and I have better things to do than to participate in a girl free-for-all words war. I meet Gabe in the parking lot, still fastening my coat buttons. I look up at his bike. It's a silky black with ribbons of blue stretching the length of the body. \"How did you afford this?\" Is the first thing that I say. He laughs, holding his hand out for mine, \"You don't want to know.\" \"I thought you were walking me home?\" I object. He sighs, \"Does your image include no boys too?\" \"It helps,\" I joke, taking his hand. He pulls me behind him and hands me his helmet, \"Sorry, I only have one.\" \"Oh, I feel so honored to wear a helmet you probably wear after work every day,\" I put on the helmet and I'm surprised that it smells new. He laughs, \"I just got that helmet today.\" \"Today?! How long have you had the bike?\" \"A while. I got it because I didn't want you to go without a helmet,\" He kicks the motor on and it rumbles to life, \"You can hold around my waist.\" I hesitate a moment, but he did carry me home that night, it's not much different. I wrap my arms around him and brace myself for the jerk forward, but when we move, it's smooth and careful. He's slow coming out of the parking lot, but he doesn't keep this up for very long. When we're on the road, he accelerates the speed quickly. It's been so long since I've felt motion around me and I'm just gliding through it. I almost want to lift up my arms in the air. It's not very often that I ride in vehicles, let alone a motorcycle, but I'm beginning to want one myself. The rev of the engine just adds to the excitement of even sitting on a crotch rocket. I tuck my head on his back, holding tightly onto him. His back is warm and emanates sweet cologne. It's so comfortable I could go to sleep. We begin to slow and I look up. He's brought me to a locally famous park that sits on a hill and dips down into a river. Benches along a walkway are decorated with molding of leaves and flowers. Ducks and geese float in the calm water pulling the mural together. \"I thought you were taking me home?\" I ask, curiously. He smirks at me and turns off the engine, \"Is it really that bad?\" I roll my eyes and take the helmet off, running my fingers through my hair to loosen it, \"I haven't been here in a long time.\" \"Neither have I.\" We find a spot beneath a willow tree to sit. I try to ignore the fact that I'm still in my uniform and heels, \"So… what to catch up on?\" He laughs, \"Ahh yes,\" He thinks a moment, \"How is Max?\" \"You already asked me that?\" \"I know, but now you can tell me more than just 'good',\" He says. I nod, \"Okay, fair enough. Max has actually gotten a bit quiet and withdrawn,\" I admit, \"Since the last Purge…\" I say more quietly. He looks down to the ground, \"I'm sorry about that…\" \"It wasn't your fault,\" I mumble, \"I actually think he needed that… I was fourteen when I first went out to get medicine for her. Max is about to turn thirteen, I should have started to talk to him about it a while ago.\" \"Well, that's not always an easy decision. I don't think my younger brother really knew what it was like until he was fourteen or thirteen,\" He explains, \"It's a young world in the poor area during the Annual Purge…\" He described it perfectly. \"According to my Nana, that's the whole reason why my parents left us with her…\" I say under my breath. \"What do you mean?\" I shrug, \"They didn't want to go through possibly losing us and the best way they could think of to avoid it was to not have us at all.\" He doesn't say anything. \"But it's okay, I think we were meant to be with my Nana, otherwise, I don't think she would be here anymore…\" \"That's very true,\" Gabe turns his have over to show the scar across his palm, \"Thanks to you, and I mean that in the most sincere way possible, I'm clean now.\" I smile, but I'm confused, \"Why thanks to me?\" \"I had somewhere to stay and I got fixed up. I learned that life is too valuable to play with it,\" He explains, \"I don't think I would have realized that if I hadn't met you, Max and your grandma.\" I grin, \"I'm glad that we helped.\" He nods, \"Because of my change, my brothers have been dying to meet you,\" He says in a hinting tone. I instantly shake my head, \"They know I Purge?!\" I exclaim in a hushed tone. \"They just know I met you, they don't know where or when,\" He clarifies. I watch his face to make sure he's not lying, \"Okay.\" We sit and watch the sun go down over the valley before we decide to go back to my house. I'm excited to feel the rush of riding again. I loosen my hold on him on the way home, just to feel the breeze through my arms. When we pull up to my house, it's dark and seems empty. I hastily get off the bike and go inside. All of the lights are turned off besides my Nana's room where I can see Max sitting on the edge of her bed. I go into her room and see that she is helping him with homework on tray tables. It takes Nana a moment to realize that I had entered the room, \"Oh, there you are.\" \"Sorry, I ran into someone,\" I go over, kneeling down between the tables, \"Is everything okay?\" \"I gave her, her medicine, so she's taken it,\" Max says robotically. \"So I'm just someone now?\" Gabe stands in the threshold of the room. Max's eyes light up, \"Gabe!\" \"Why hello Gabe, how have you been?\" My Nana asks. \"I've been great, sorry I kept Remy so long,\" He apologizes. Nana stands and opens her arms for Gabe, \"No worries son, I know she's in good hands when she's with you,\" She says as she hugs him. How much did they talk about when I was passed out? They must have gotten to know each other more than I was informed. My Nana doesn't warm up to too many people, let alone trust them with either me or Max. I haven't seen Max excited in three months, \"We were just catching up,\" I add. \"You should take her out more often, she needs it,\" Nana says to Gabe. He laughs, helping her sit back down on the bed, \"I think she's warming up to me a bit,\" He says, winking at me. I smile. He ends up staying late into the night talking with Max and Nana. I didn't realize how much they had all talked in the short time that I was sleeping. They talked about things from my parents to my participating in the Purge to Max and I when we were young. Of course, it shouldn't surprise me as much as it has since once you get my Nana going, she can talk your ear off if you'd ever let her. So, when it came to saying goodbye, I let him do most of the talking. I forced myself to stay outside with him even until he had pulled out of our small gravel driveway. Even the short, simple goodbyes make my palms sweat and my throat swells. It was nice to catch up with him, if you want to call it catching up.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Reminder A light tapping at my window wakes me and I sit up. I rub my eyes, my arms seem to move slower than normal. I look over and a dark shadowy figure stands outside the window, patiently waiting for me to come over. I peer through the foggy glass, but I can't make out the face, it's dark and blurry. Hesitantly, I open the window, slightly. Stubby fingers of a man come through the small opening and he pushes it all the way open. I stumble backwards in surprise and panic. I reach to close the window but he's already started to climb through. Before I can turn around and run, I'm pushed to the floor. He flips me over on my back, dripping with blood from his neck. He begins to scream in my ear. Slowly, hit lifts his hand up then drives it down, hitting me across the left temple. Disoriented, I kick him off and attempt to get to my feet when he pulls me down again. I scream as loud as my lungs will allow me. \"Remy!\" The soothing voice echoes through my room, \"Remy!\" I wake to Gabe holding me tightly, \"I can't ignore it, anymore, Gabe. I can't ignore the fact that I killed someone.\" \"I know,\" He runs his fingers through my hair, \"And I regret that you have to carry that burden, I really do… I'm so sorry!\" My stomach turns slowly. I push him away and jump off my bed, heading for the bathroom. I make it to the toilet just before I vomit. I sit there a moment before I flush and clean myself up. My Nana appears in the doorway behind her is Gabe. \"Are you okay, sweetie?\" She asks. I nod, violently brushing my teeth. \"You need a vacation,\" Nana begins to rub my back. I spit, \"No, I can't leave Max here to take care of you all by himself.\" \"I'll be fine Rem,\" He mutters, leaning against the doorframe, \"I'm not a twelve year old baby anymore.\" The boy I once knew who would throw a fit if his curly, sandy blonde hair was shorter than his ears now has it cut short and spiked with gel. His hazel eyes are bright now that the bangs, that would cast a small shadow across his face, are gone. Shocked, I say, \"I never called you a baby, Max…\" \"I know,\" He stands up straight, \"I can take care of Nana.\" I look at Gabe and he shrugs. As usual, my goodbyes are short, but I fill them with \"I love you's\" and \"be careful\" or \"I'll miss you\". In return, my Nana usually tries to keep me a little longer than my comfort will allow, but Max keeps it to a minimum of two sentences. At last minute, Gabe arranges for us and his two brothers to go camping and after securing my bag to the back, we take off, \"Are you sure you have everything?\" \"Yes!\" I reassure him, again. Of course, I let Joe know, and he didn't mind, but it makes me uneasy to miss work, even with how laid back he is, \"Just make sure you come back,\" He says to me. On our ride to Gabe's house, I think about my nightmare. I'm going to guess that maybe it's because we just hit the half-way mark yesterday. Six months from the last Purge and six to the next. I don't like thinking of having to go out to Purge. I don't like thinking of leaving Nana and Max alone for so long with lunatics out to wreak havoc just because they can. The Purge was an unsettling concept that the government approved, and here we are. The rich are protected by a high-tech protection system and us poor people are left to fend for ourselves. The unemployment rate may be down to the 1%, and the government boasts as if they have figured out the secret of economics, but they don't tell you the Purge death rates and they certainly never connect the two. We have jobs… because the last guy who had it was killed in during The Annual Purge. Before long, I notice we've entered into a wealthier neighborhood. Most homes here are gated. We pull into a driveway but we're stopped by a gate, \"Hold a moment,\" He gets off the bike and goes over to a small black box. After pushing in a code, the gate opens and he gets back on the bike, \"Remember when I told you my parents both died during a Purge?\" I nod. \"Well, we each inherited a part of their wealth,\" He creeps up the long windy and curvy driveway. My face gets warm, \"You guys are rich?\" \"Yeah, kinda.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Even after three months of us, kind of, dating, I don't know almost anything about his home or family life. I had briefly met his brothers when they all had stopped by at the diner, but I had no idea that they were rich. \"I didn't want you to think differently of me,\" He gets even slower, almost pushing the bike with his legs. \"So you make me think that you're poor too?\" He finally stops and turns to me, \"No, it wasn't like that at all. I just didn't want you to judge me for being rich.\" I glare at him, \"Why would you think I would judge you?\" Before he has time to answer I cut him off, \"Why, with being rich, would you risk your life to steal pills when you could safely just pay for them any other time of the year?\" \"Because that's called drug dealing and I'm not into that crowd,\" He sighs, \"I didn't want to chance you not talking to me anymore…\" \"None of your reasons make any sense. I haven't given you a reason to think any of those things…\" I catch myself digging my nails into the leather seat. He resumes up the driveway, more quickly now, \"Please, just imagine how that would look… or better yet why that would scare me.\" I do, I try. I put myself in his position. Thinking back, I'm the person who asks for help and he comes to help me. I carry him back to this old house, that might as well be a boarded up shack, and his lovely family takes me in for the rest of the night. Is the first thing I would want him to know that I was rich…? Probably not. He's already admitted to me that he was addicted to pills, it probably would have changed my view of him, like it just now had, if I knew he was rich. What was it any of my business why he got addicted to pills? Why he was risking his life for it? \"I'm sorry…\" I say, quietly, \"Wealth status doesn't matter in the world of the Purge…\" He smiles. Of course, that statement had a bit of truth to it. You wouldn't be able to tell a poor person from a rich person during the Purge. A dead body is a dead body, what they're leaving behind, whether it be family or friends, doesn't matter; they already have to fend for themselves. A large house appears around a corner. Beautiful tall pillars covered in ivy vines frame the front of the house. A three bay garage is the first extension of the house. Even from a distance away, I can see that the windows are bared, but in an intricate design of swirls and curves. The front door is wooden, holding the same design. We enter into the garage where two other cars sit. I'm not a big car fanatic, but if I were, I'm sure I'd be more impressed than I already am. Not to mention the neatly sorted tools. \"I don't think I've seen an organized garage before, ever,\" I say, getting off of the bike. Gabe chuckles, \"Yeah, I can't work in a hectic space. Not here, not at work.\" I bite my lip for a moment, but can't help but ask, \"Why do you work as a mechanic anyways?\" He shrugs, \"I'm good at it and I don't like being lazy.\" I nod, \"That's a good reason.\" I start to get my bag when he stops me, \"Leave it, I'll get it.\" He leads me up four steps and in through a door that opens into a small mud room. This room is even neat with coat and shoe racks, \"Are you sure three guys live here?\" He bursts out in laughter, \"Don't give us any credit, a maid comes once a day to clean the place.\" \"That makes sense.\" The mud room leads into a beautiful stainless steel kitchen with black marble covering the floors and countertops. In the middle of the kitchen is an island long enough to seat four chairs. Across the kitchen is the dining room with cherry wood and a chandelier above the table. \"The living room is down here,\" He points at an opening where steps lead down into a tan-white carpet, \"Here the bathroom,\" The bathroom sits between the kitchen and dining room, \"Down that hallway is my room and that door in the hallway leads down into the basement and up the stairs. It's an odd house, but it works.\" \"If I could choose to live anywhere, it would be here,\" I say, mesmerized by the design. Gabe laughs, \"I'm glad you like it.\" I nod, \"I do, I like it.\" \"Is that Remy?\" A voice comes from the living room. \"Yeah,\" Gabe calls back, \"She's going to stay here for a bit.\" I look at him, \"We're not going camping?\" \"Nope, I thought it would be nice for you to live in a nice house for a while,\" He grins. \"Why do you always surprise me like this?\" I sigh. I didn't want to show him that I was actually excited. The house is beautiful and while I'm here, they won't have to worry about paying a maid. I cook and clean, no big deal, it's the least I can do for them letting me stay. I follow Gabe back through the hallway he said his room in. Wooden doors, similar to the front door, are scattered about. He stops at the one at the end of the hallways and opens it. The room is about the size of my house, but it is separated with two levels connected with stairs. On the top level is his bed covered with blue sheets and at the bottom is a long black couch facing a large TV with multiple gaming systems placed inside a cabinet. Tool boxes are stacked on each side of the couch to be used for end tables. \"This is so… you,\" I say. He chuckles, \"Thank you.\" \"The couch is comfortable, right?\" I ask, starting down to try it out. \"Yeah, I watch movies all the time and my ass never gets sore.\" I laugh, \"Good because I need a break from my mattress. That thing is about as old as I am.\" \"Oh, no. You're not sleeping on the couch, you're sleeping in my bed,\" He turns me around to direct me towards the large bed. \"Wait, so where are you going to sleep?\" \"The couch,\" He sighs, pushing me towards the bed. First I test it with my hand and then I sit. I've never experienced anything more comfortable. Hesitantly I lay down, sinking into the comforters, \"I'm not sure it's a good idea I stay here.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I don't know if I'll want to leave,\" I joke. He laughs, \"That's okay, you can come over anytime you want.\" (Let me know what ya'll think so far. :)[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Drawing Closer My eighteenth birthday is today, which is only an indication of the Purge drawing every so closely. The Annual Purge is always only a couple months from my birthday, making it a bitter-sweet occasion for me. In the past few months, my Nana has gotten worse to the point where she is now bedridden and I've cut my hours to take care of her when Max is at school. I regret putting so much on a thirteen year olds shoulders, but he's never given me any reason to think he couldn't handle it. He certainly has grown since the last Purge, at an alarming rate that almost worries me. He does well with Nana, always there when she needs him and he's never complained of having to help me out with her. \"Happy birthday, Rem!\" I can hear Gabe call through my window as he gets off of his bike. I can only poke my head out and smile. Max stops at my door, \"Happy birthday.\" I turn to him. His shoulders are tight and his face is frozen into a scowl, \"Oh Max,\" I step towards him and without warning I pick him up into a hug. He doesn't push me off like I expected him too. Maybe that's all he needed was some affection? \"Are you going out today?\" I set him down, \"No, why would I be going out?\" Gabe stops behind me. \"Because Nana said you and Gabe might want to go out and do something for your birthday,\" He says. I shake my head, \"No, I'm not going to leave you guys on my birthday.\" A smile flickers across his face, \"Okay.\" Gabe surprised me with a gift and reassures me that there is more to come, \"You can open it now if you want.\" It's a small silver rectangular box with a gigantic ribbon on the top. At first I'm afraid to open it and find a ring, but we haven't even confirmed whether we are dating yet. My fingers lift the top and a thin plastic card sits at the bottom. I look at it curiously. When I pull the card out, there is another. \"What is it?\" I flip the plain white plastic around in my hands. \"Here Max, why don't you show her?\" He hands the second piece to Max and yet another lays on the bottom. Max immediately goes over to the hidden door that leads down to the basement and swipes it over the wall. The door slides open. My eyes widen and I approach the door. I can see that the wood has now been replaced with metal. The stairs are now metal. I can't think of anything to say, I can only just look at Gabe. He grins, \"Go on, check it out.\" I step inside and it is much roomier than I remember. The walls don't hug you on your way down the steps. The wood is gone and with it so is the creaking. When I clear the wall, the basement has been completely redone into a safe room. A large flat screen TV sits along the far wall and a large couch sits in front of it. I can see that he's also managed to throw in a few game consoles for Max. Nana's bed has been replaced with an actual hospital bed and it sits comfortably in its own little room. Fake windows sit beside and in front of the bed, both showing a view of a beach, something Nana always mumbles about. To the left of the small room the basement was extended for a kitchenette that resembles much of Gabe's home. He points to box on the wall. I open it and there is a large red button, \"You hit that in case anything happens.\" \"How did you do this?!\" \"You work a lot, whether you think you do or not,\" He gives me a charming smile. I'm speechless. It's the only way I can describe it, \"How much did this cost you.\" \"Nothing. This is all the work me and my brothers put in,\" Gabe looks over the work, smiling with content. \"That's the labor, what about everything else?\" He shrugs, \"I can't remember, but it doesn't matter now, it's all here.\" I allow tears to fall from my eyes, \"I don't know what to say and I can't think of how to repay you.\" Max comes from behind us, \"Did you see the games! He got me games!\" \"I see that,\" I smile widely. \"And there is a secret room beside the TV, for extra precaution,\" Gabe explains, pointing to another hidden door. Without a word I turn, pull his face down to mine and I kiss him. I couldn't think of anything else that could show him how much I appreciated this. My family will be safe during the Purge now and he knows how much that matters to me, obviously. \"Thank you!\" I say, trying to keep my tears under control. He laughs, kissing me again, \"Of course.\" (Sorry this chapter is so short, I've been preoccupied with finals and other stories and books, lol. But I will be wrapping it up here soon though so I hope you all enjoy and let me know if you have any suggestions or anything. Thanks for reading! :)[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: A Night to Rest Everyone at the diner can notice how distracted I am and I find it odd how they can go about their normal lives without thinking about it. The Purge has come around the corner and is now here. Tomorrow, I will have a different shopping list. My Nana has become too sick to stand and she's begging me to just get her pain meds. At first, I fought with her about it, but the more she begged, the worse I felt. I shouldn't keep her in a life that she is suffering in. She promised me she would do it without anyone knowing, so it will be as if she had passed away in her sleep. Of course, I will know that she didn't, but Max is unaware of the arrangement and will hopefully handle her passing. I have a little of ease this year now that our basement, our bunker, was remodeled into a safe room. Max will have things to pass his time now and Nana will have a comfortable bed to sleep on to pass time. I think I will perform better knowing that they are safe and not at the mercy of an angry man. \"I'm leaving now, Joe!\" I call through the serving window, but all I get is a hand waved in the air. I wrap my jacket around me and collect my things. Usually Gabe would be here to take me home, but tonight I asked him to stay home. I need this little time to think and see the scenery around me before it turns to hell again, one night a year. It's hard to un-see a Purge, and it's hard to forget where the bodies lay, like an invisible outline on the ground. Every year sticks with you; maybe that's why some people like to participate in the Purge? I get home to a silent house and I find Max sleeping in a chair besides Nana's bed. Nana sleeps most of the day now, the only thing she really can do. I change out of my uniform and get into something comfortable. Quietly, I check through the house. I have been slacking off with the upkeep of the house. I've been too busy being with Gabe that it's been bumped down on my priority list, unfortunately. It really should be first, all year around, but it gets tiring to worry about the Purge all of the time. I usually worry about the outside. The stairs squeaking could give me away or the rusty hinges in the doors, both of which I have to fix every year. As badly as I feel about it, I'm almost relieved to only worry about going out one more time. The pressure of having to go out and get medicine has worn on me over the years to the point where that's all I think about. I open the back door to listen for the hinges, but they are silent. I walk up and down the steps and it's always the last one that squeals, but it doesn't matter how many times I try to fix it, the nail's always somehow come loose. \"Remy?\" Max comes outside. I look up at him, both feet on different steps, \"Hey Max.\" \"Are you getting ready for tomorrow?\" He asks, sitting on the first step. I nod, continuing on with my inspection. \"Is Gabe going with you this year?\" When I'm comfortable with how the steps sound, I sit next to him, \"Maybe, I'm not sure, why?\" \"So you can be safer,\" He says, looking down to the ground. \"I'm safe every year,\" I protest. He shakes his head, \"You got hurt last year, remember?\" I try not to. \"Nana isn't looking good…\" He whispers. This was the conversation I was trying to avoid, \"I know she isn't…\" \"Why? She's been taking her medicine…\" \"Because the medicine can only do so much, Max… Nana has been sick for a long time, she has been fighting a long time,\" I know he knows what death is and I know that he knows that it happens to everyone but I don't have it in me to talk about our Nana like it didn't matter. He picks at his fingernails, \"Then why are you going to get her more medicine?\" His question catches me off guard. I never would have expected him to ask me something like this, \"Because she still needs medicine to be comfortable and I want her to be as comfortable as possible.\" \"But you go out every year!\" His voice rises. \"Max, she's taken us in, she's raised us. What else was I supposed to do?\" I regret having this conversation with him, but I know I can't avoid it forever. He starts to pick at the wood on the railing, \"Gabe should go for you.\" \"It's not his responsibility.\" \"Then I will go for you!\" He snaps. \"No, you're not!\" This is the last thing I want to do before having to go out during The Annual Purge. He turns to me, his face red, \"I can do it! I'm older now! You started going out when you were fourteen, well I'm only a year away from that!\" \"Max, I'm not even going to entertain the thought of you going out, someone needs to be here for Nana anyways,\" I try to keep as calm as possible. \"You can stay then,\" Max snaps. I take a deep breath before I won't be able to control myself, \"Max, the Purge isn't a game. The Purge is a release for people who want to do bad things to other people. The Purge is not a walk in the park. I cannot stress to you enough how dangerous the Purge really is and you are too young and my baby brother. I don't care how old you are, I will go out there until you're fifty for all I care, but you're not going out there, end of story.\" By this time I expected to have seen a change in Max, maybe that he might calm down or take my words into consideration, but he doesn't, he just gives me a sneer and walks back into the house. I run my hands through my hair in a second attempt to control myself. My eyes then jump around to make sure that no one was within ear shot of the conversation. I bury my face between my knees and keep breathing. What happened to Max? I begin to rock, just to keep my energy down. \"Rem? Are you okay?\" I hear Gabe's voice in front of me. I look up and I know that my face is red, \"No. I just had the worst conversation imaginable with Max.\" \"Why? What happened?\" He sits beside me. I tell him the conversation and how frustrated I am with the situation. He just gives me a cool smile and tells me it's going to be okay and for some reason, I believe him. Gabe knows how to calm me down and best of all, he can handle me. \"You have to remember, he's struggling right now,\" Gabe says, \"He's a thirteen year old boy who's seeing both of the women in his life suffering. That's hard on him, he feels like he needs to be doing something.\" I never really thought of it that way, I've always thought of Max as my baby brother. I've always thought of him as a baby… \"He understands a lot more than you think,\" He continues, \"Someone hurt his sister during the last Purge and he can't stand the thought of that happening again.\" I rest my head back down on my knees, \"But he doesn't need to get aggravated with me, I don't do anything…\" \"I know, but he doesn't know any other way of expressing himself.\" I nod. \"That's why I should go out for you this year,\" Gabe says as if it's just a trip to the store. I give him a look, \"No, it's not your responsibility.\" \"Well, I'd like to think that you are and I'd like to make sure that you're protected and safe here, that's why I fixed up your basement, I wasn't planning on you going out this year.\" My face gets hot. I'm not sure if it was from flattery or annoyance, \"I'm not letting you go out for me and I'm not having this conversation again!\" Before I can stand he stops me, \"Okay. I don't want you mad at me, but here are my conditions. If you go, I go. That simple.\" I look over his face and then nod, \"Alright. Well, if those are your conditions we need to go over some things first.\" And, of course, that means a shadow tutorial.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: The Night to Survive It's that time again, sitting in front of the clock, staring at the time. I usually do this the day of a Purge because they say that time goes slower and this is when I put it to the test. It does work, but I never do get anything done. Gabe is here to help this year. He stayed last night to be here early in the morning. He and Max carry our valuable things down in the basement, as we do every year. Nana is now mute. When she isn't sleeping she's staring up at the ceiling with her mouth slightly open as if trying to say something. She can still take her pills; it's just a longer process now. I've notice that Max stays in her room most of the day and once in a while I will catch him sleeping at the end of her bed. \"You alright, Rem?\" Gabe is now sitting in front of me, waving his hand in front of my face to get my attention. I blink and nod, \"Yeah, I just can't believe it's here again…\" \"I know, but we're making the best of it.\" Before I know it, the alert is going off. I flinch and my heart squeezes. Gabe takes my hand and gives me a reassuring smile, \"It'll be okay.\" \"This is your emergency broadcast system announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S Government. Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continues hours.\" Gabe and I get prepared, putting our dark clothing and masks on. \"Police, fire and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7 a.m., when the Purge concludes. \"Blessed be out New Founding Fathers and America, A nation reborn. May God be with you all.\" I say with the woman, as I do every year. I count the sirens 1… 2… 3… 4… 5… and 6… Gabe pulls the handle on the breaker and all of the lights go out, \"Here, take this,\" He hands me a belt. \"What is this for?\" He then hands me a gun, \"For this.\" \"A gun?!\" \"I wasn't kidding about protecting you,\" He shows me the gun resting in its holder. I wrap the belt around my waist, making sure the gun will be out of the way of my knife. I practice pulling them out a few times, \"Thank you.\" This year, I wasn't going to waste any time waiting for the shadows to darken. I feel much safer with Gabe with me. We look through the windows to check if anyone was outside, especially keeping an eye out for people wielding weapons. When no one can be seen, we head out, slipping down the steps, making sure to miss the very last one. We start down through the alley. Few people are out now, which would be odd if it weren't the same as last year. Gabe keeps close to me as we make out way to the first pharmacy. It's quiet as it gets dark. Gave doesn't speak, he only motions to me. We approach the small pharmacy, wearily, and when Gabe decides it's safe, we move forward, quickly breaking through the glass. I go through first and Gabe follows me. I relax knowing that we are here first, which will make the job quick and simple. Immediately we start rummaging through the small room. Luckily, they had rebuilt it exactly how it was before. \"I wonder why they don't keep the medicine in a vault,\" Gabe wonders aloud. I look at him, \"Because they know there are people like us,\" I say, remembering the note from the other pharmacy from last year. As we continue to search through, I pull out a drawer with a loud pop coming from inside. A ticking starts. I look down through the drawer, but all that I can see is darkness. \"Gabe?\" I call, \"What is that?\" \"What is what?\" \"Listen…\" The ticking grows louder and increases in speed. Gabe grabs my arm and pulls me into him, turning his back to the drawer. At that moment, I have never heard a noise so loud or a light so bright. We're thrown away from the explosion and I hit the wall and fall to the floor. My ears ring so loudly I can't hear anything else. I try to move, but my body hurts too badly so I rest, but only for a second. I start to get to my knees, \"Gabe!\" I scream. The fire that has started thickens the air with heat. Another explosion goes off and I hit the wall again. \"Gabe!\" I lay on the floor. Finally, a heap starts to rise from beneath the rubble and I rush to my feet to help him, \"We need to go, we need to go now,\" He is surprisingly strong for having just been in an explosion. \"They're in here!\" A voice yells. My mouth instantly gets dry, \"Who's that?\" Gabe's muscles stiffen, \"Go hide!\" Right as he speaks two men enter from the emergency exit. They coldly grin, grabbing onto us, \"That was too easy.\" \"Just let her go, you can have me,\" Gabe says, calmly. They drag us out into the street where the men multiply. Ten men stand around us, holding blunt objects and grinning eagerly. My heart pounds so hard it almost hurts, \"What do you want?\" My voice shakes. They all laugh. \"Remember last year, when you killed one of our men saving this pathetic piece of shit?\" One man gets in my face, our nose's basically touching, \"Well that was my brother and we've been waiting all year for this!\" He steps back and, without warning, punches me in the gut. I double over with the feeling of having to vomit, \"You were going to kill him, I didn't mean to kill your brother,\" I breathe, \"I have nightmares about it all the time.\" \"Good!\" His knee hits my nose. An unbearable pain shoots through my skull and I frantically hold it, blood covering my hands, \"Just let me do what I have to do and I will come to you next year, but I have to get home!\" He laughs, kneeling down next to me. His fingers grip into my hair and he holds my head up, \"You mean that home?\" Down the street I can see that my house was on fire. It wasn't the small fire that would be easy to navigate around in and put out; the entire house was up in flames. Tears fill my eyes, \"No, no…\" \"Remy!\" For a second my heart lightens when I hear Max's voice, but then panic takes over. \"No! No, you let him go!\" I struggle against him and he pulls me to my feet by my hair. \"The night has only begun,\" He whispers in my ear.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Barely Alive Gabe struggles behind me, cursing and fighting with the men that hold onto him. They take him over to a lamp post and cuff his hands behind him around it. I try to keep track of everyone, luckily they don't hold me still. I know where Max is and the man who's brother I killed and, obviously, Gabe. As my eyes scan through the situation, a sharp pain shoots in my side and I look down to see a knife sticking in my side. \"Remy!\" Max yells. I drop to my knees only to be stood back up by my hair, \"Let them go, you have me,\" I spit blood. \"No, I want you to see your brother die,\" He says in my ear. \"He's just a kid,\" I feel the tears in my eyes and that cold sensation that runs through your body when you're terrified. They drag him closer and he doesn't fight of struggle. My hand reaches down for my gun, but it's missing. Max's eyes fill with tears, \"I'm sorry, Remy!\" He chokes. \"No, no, you didn't do anything!\" I say, watching the man stand behind him and hold the knife to his throat, \"I love you, Max! So much!\" \"I love you too, Remy.\" He was so brave. He is the bravest thirteen year old I have ever known or ever heard of. As the man dragged the knife across his neck, he managed to smile at me. In all of the pain he was in, drowning in his blood, the last thing he wanted me to see was his smile. And I screamed, I know I did because it hurt my throat. My eyes stung with the salty tears that never ended. That was my little brother, he was my baby brother that I basically raised. He was my best friend and some days the only thing that got me going. And when the blood emptied from his face and he fell to the ground, my fight was over. There is nothing left for me to fight for. There is nothing to fight with; my energy is gone with him. Gabe screams behind me, but the noises are muffled. Reality starts to blur. The top of my skull numbs first and I wail out with a painful cry. Now I would give anything to say goodbye to him, to give him the longest goodbye I possibly could. \"How did that feel, huh?\" He asks me, getting in my face, \"Watching your brother bleed to death?\" I muster up the coldest snicker I possibly can and I look at him in the eyes, \"He was thirteen years old and he took it like a man unlike your brother who screamed like a little girl.\" He angrily chuckles and pulls my face down into his knee when I black out. I open my eyes to gun shots. Bright flashes of light fill the air around me. My shoulder throbs with a sharp, searing pain. I can barely lift my head off the ground before I black out again. \"Remy?\" A soothing voice calls my name. I attempt to open my eyes, but they are too heavy. \"Remy, come on, open your eyes, move something, let me know that you're still here, you're still alive, please!?\" Gabe pleads. \"Max,\" I breathe barely a whisper. There's a long silent pause. \"Save Max,\" I say. Gabe holds my hand, \"Remy, he's gone.\" I shake my head, or at least I think I do, \"He's with Nana.\" \"I know, but not the way you think,\" His voice cuts off, \"They burned the house, your grandma didn't make it out.\" \"Where is Max?\" I fight for my eyes to open. Gabe holds me up and points over to a small heap on the ground. His shadow, casted by the fire, touches my feet. I push up and crawl over to Max. His face is calm and pale, blood no longer gushes from his throat. I pull him up into my lap and hold him for a while. We take Max's body over to the house. His body lays next to the fire, I know it will warm him, he is so cold his skin is like ice. I know he won't like that, he would much rather lie closely to the fire. Before we leave, I write a letter to put with his body, because my brother is not just a body, he is an angel. My name is Max Collins and I am thirteen years old. I died to save my sister, Remy Collins. Inside the burned house is my Nana, Rose Williams. Please be respectful of our bodies because we were once living people, too. I leave them there, numbly. We are all loaded into a dark van. Gabe and I lay in the back. I know that my shoulder is bleeding and that blood runs down my face like a stream. Gabe holds me, begging me to hold on. I've lost a lot of blood, but I'm okay to die, \"I love you, Gabe,\" I smile, \"You're a pretty cool guy.\" \"No! Re-\" And I feel warm and comfortable, all of my pain disappears. A smile crosses my face.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: The White Room A metallic hum echoes through the air. It's warm and comfortable, as if sinking into a cloud. Light streams through, so bright it's unnaturally white. A pain starts in my side, then my shoulder. My head pulses with a head ache. My hands grip the sheets and my teeth clench. I know this is not what death feels like. My vision becomes clearer and I completely open my eyes. A white room surrounds me with white curtains. I go to move my hand and something pulls, stinging my skin. The room suddenly gets darker and my eyes ache with adjusting. \"Remy?\" Gabe's voice calls me back out of the clouds and into a hospital bed. \"It's hurts!\" I breathe. There's a short pause before, \"Nurse! Nurse!\" Another voice calls. I close my eyes to get the calming sense of darkness. Commotion stirs around me. \"Glad to see you're awake,\" The nurse's voice is high and cheerful, \"Are you having any pain?\" \"Yes!\" I squeeze my eyes shut. After a few minutes, the pain softens, \"Can I get you to answer a few questions for me?\" \"Where's Max?\" That's all I really care about right now. \"He was buried last month…\" Gabe says quietly beside me. Warm tears fall from my eyes, cooling as they go, \"And Nana?\" \"She's next to him,\" He grips my left hand. \"I want to see them,\" I open my eyes. He leans closer to me. \"You can't right now, sweetie, you're at the hospital,\" I can feel the nurse rest her hand on my arm, \"Can I ask you those questions?\" I nod and look over at her. A tall woman stands at my right. Her auburn hair is pulled back into a bun. Her face lacks makeup, but her natural beauty makes up for it. Beauty marks also decorate her face. Her eyes are soft and caring when she looks at me, I can only imagine what I look like. I've been in the hospital for a month and I missed my brother and my Nana's funeral. My throat swells. \"How much pain are you in?\" She asks. I shake my head, \"Not much anymore.\" \"Okay, what is your full name?\" \"Remy Collins.\" She holds her hand in front of me, \"How many fingers am I holding up?\" \"Five.\" \"Good,\" She smiles, \"I will be back in a little while to check up on you.\" She leaves the room. Gabe leans over me, pressing his lips into mine, \"I thought you were going to die!\" Tears continue to fall from my eyes, \"I'm alone now… My family is gone.\" I can't help but burst into tears. My family is gone all because I helped Gabe from a gang of men that were going to kill him. What if I had done it differently? What if I had left Gabe there to be killed? Sure I would have felt bad and, most likely, would have had nightmares about it, but it would have spared my family, and they would still be here. But I like Gabe, he means a lot to me. We've been through a lot together and I can't imagine life without him. It hurts to think that if I had let him die my family would still be here. I would lose either way, wouldn't I? If I would have left him, he would have died, but I didn't… My mind races. \"What happened?\" I notice two shadows lingering around the room, \"Who's here?\" \"My brothers are here,\" He says, \"They gunned down the group after you were knick unconscious.\" I reach up to touch my face, \"Did he break my nose?\" Gabe nods, \"He did but they fixed it.\" \"How long have I been here?\" I could tell by my muscle weakness that it has been a while. \"A month and a half,\" He says. \"What happened to my shoulder?!\" I am afraid to move it. Gabe shoots one of the shadows a look and sighs, \"You were hit with a bullet while unconscious.\" \"That figures,\" I try to make the best of the situation, now that it is done and over with. Nothing can be done about it now. \"He hit you in the head so hard and on so many occasions that he gave you a concussion and hemorrhaging,\" He explains, \"So the best thing they could do for you at the time was to let you sleep, but then you slipped into coma.\" I look around the room at flowers and cards, \"Who are these from?\" \"Us, Joe, and even Trista stopped by,\" Gabe shows me a bouquet of lilies. \"You're kidding, right?\" I sit up and my head gets dizzy, \"Do they know how this happened to me?!\" Gabe rushes over, \"Don't do that yet! You might not be ready!\" He forces me to lay back down, \"No, they think it was an accident. It looked like it.\" I sigh in relief, \"When can I leave?\" I lay back down. \"They haven't given us a time yet or really much information at all, we're not completely family,\" One of his brothers, I remember as John, says. I look over at him, he resembles much of Gabe, but with a longer face and calmer eyes, \"Completely?\" \"Well, yeah…\" Gabe starts, avoiding my eyes but with a smirk on his face, \"I sorta told them we were engaged?\" \"What?! Why?!\" \"So I could be with you. I just told them the ring was stolen during the Purge,\" He explains. That word make my chest hurt and my throat swell. \"I'm sorry,\" I can tell by Gabe's reaction that he could see the pain that word brought to me, \"I won't say it again.\" \"It's okay,\" I force a smile. When the nurse comes back in we discuss my discharge and she says when I am able to get up and use the bathroom. I try to sit up again, but get an overwhelming dizziness. She explains that I am moving too fast for my head and it will take a while for me to not get dizzy when sitting up or even standing. After being able to use the bathroom, the doctor comes in to see me. He is surprised at my determination to get home, but he doesn't question it. He evaluates me and makes sure that I would be safe going home. And after a half hour they come back and let me know that I am able to leave. The nurse takes all of the IV's out of my arm. Gabe gives me a bag of clothes, that I know aren't mine, and I go to the bathroom. I'm not surprised that they would throw my old clothes out and I hoped that they would. They were mangled and blood stained, not exactly something I wanted to walk out of the hospital looking like. Luckily, Gabe knows my taste and I put on a dark blue sweater over a plain white t-shirt and blue jeans that fit a little loose. \"I guess I could have gotten smaller pants, I didn't realize you were so small!\" Gabe pulls the loose pant leg off. I look down and notice I have lost some weight, \"I have been in the hospital for a while. I'm sure they would fit if it weren't in that case.\" Of course, they bring me outside in a wheelchair and Gabe pulls up in a hummer. I roll my eyes, \"You got a hummer?!\" \"Yeah, I wanted you to be safe,\" He gives me a charming smile, \"And I knew you probably wouldn't want to go home on a crotch rocket.\" \"You're right,\" I laugh as they help me up into the seat. The car smells brand new and I can see some tags left around the seats, \"I still have my crotch rocket though!\" \"I hoped you would!\" (I hope you liked the chapter, it took me a little while because I wasn't sure if I wanted to kill Remy or not, but I just couldn't. Let me know what you think! Thanks for reading! :)[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: The Graveyard Gabe brought me back to his house. There was nothing left of mine to go back to. There I recovered. I quit my job at the diner and Gabe forced me to sign up for college. It was hard to start back up. It was hard not to see Nana and Max every day. And it was especially hard getting used to the fact that I no longer had anyone to take care of, I was the one now being taken care of. But like Gabe always says, \"It's your turn now.\" But I feel lazy and useless, especially since classes haven't started yet. In return to sending me to school I made the boys fire the maid and now my days are filled with cleaning a mansion. But Gabe does a good job with taking me out. He never allows me to stay in the house longer than two days straight and if he can't take me out, he reminds me that I can take myself out with the new car he bought me. \"Why have you done all of this for me?\" I ask, lying next to him. He smiles, \"You saved my life and now I can say with all the honesty in the world that I was saved by an angel.\" Of course that makes me blush, \"Is that the only reason? Because I saved you?\" He looks at me a little offended, \"Of course not… It just so happens that I fell in love with her,\" And he leans in to kiss me, caressing my face with his rough calloused hand and touching me with his soft lips. But today was one of those days. He called me to let me know that he was going to work late tonight, \"I'm sorry, we just got three cars they are expecting to be ready in two days.\" \"It's okay,\" I tell him, \"I have an idea of what to do.\" I sit in front of Max and Nana. Gabe had bought beautifully carved stones for both of them and they tower over most, but they aren't monuments. I lay flowers down for Nana and I leave a long letter for Max. I know he would rolls his eyes and complain if I got him flowers, \"I'm a boy, Remy, why would you get me flowers?\" Tears fall when I think of him. \"I signed up for college, Gabe is going to pay. I'm not sure what I'm going to do right now but I have a year to think about it,\" I tell them, \"He's really a great guy. I know you guys saw it before me and would probably say \"Told you so\" but he's taken care of me really well.\" I allow the silence to respond. \"I had the house torn down and they're building another house there. Gabe and I worked to get the two streets named after you guys…\" I take this time to talk to them since my last visit was short and full of tears, \"I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you. I'm sorry that I put you in this situation…\" I look down at my hands, allowing the tears to drop into my palm. \"I think I know what I want to do…\" I begin to break the news I know they won't like, \"I think I'm going to do medicine runs for people…\" \"What are you thinking?! Are you out of your mind?!\" I know my Nana would say. Max would scowl at me, \"I don't like you going out there…\" \"I don't like you going out for me, let alone some strangers!\" Nana would add. \"I know, I know. But I can change many lives; I can help a lot of people by doing this! I think I could do it easily,\" I make an effort to smile, \"It won't be so bad. I could go to training, get really cool weapons.\" \"You're out of your mind,\" Nana would shake her head. \"Then I will get the training and go with you!\" Max insists. \"I thought you would think it was cool Max, I'm gunna be kinda like a hero,\" I joke. Both Nana and Max would look at me and I know exactly what they would say, \"You're already a hero…\" I break down, leaning down with my head in my palms, \"How am I going to do this? How can I keep pretending everything is okay without you guys?!\" \"You have Gabe now,\" Nana would try to console me. Max would wrap his arms around me, \"It's okay, Rem… We're okay.\" I look back up to their graves, \"I love you guys…\" Silence answers me again. \"I love you guys so much…\" I got home before Gabe did and I cleaned myself up. My face was stained with dust and tears and my eyes are red. I put makeup on after washing my face in an attempt to cover up the evidence of my visit but when Gabe walks through the door, my efforts are useless. He drops everything and pulls me into his arms where I cry again. \"You can keep beating yourself up about it, there was nothing that you could have done…\" He comforts me. I nod, \"I know, but I just miss them so much…\" \"It'll take time,\" He runs his hand over my hair. xxxxxxx I decide to tell Gabe of my idea. I take him out to the back porch after dinner. We sit down on a swing and look up at the stars for a moment, \"I wanted to talk to you about something.\" He looks at me, \"Okay?\" \"I've been thinking over the past few weeks, I have a lot of time to do that while cleaning-\" \"And?\" He smirks, nervously. \"And I've been thinking about doing medicine runs for people,\" I say quickly. He just stares at me for a moment, \"Seriously?\" I nod. \"Why would you want to do that?!\" \"To help people, can you imagine if I had someone to do it for me?\" \"Then I wouldn't have met you,\" He says. I laugh to try and lighten the atmosphere, \"I plan on taking a few classes in fighting and training with weapons, of course.\" He thinks for a moment. He thinks for a long moment. \"It would help a lot of people…\" I add. He nods, \"I understand, I just can't believe how selfless you are, even still.\" I shrug. \"Okay, well this is my stipulation, if you do this, I do this,\" He says with a little regret in his voice, \"I don't want you to do this, but if this is what you want to do then… I shouldn't stop you.\" I smile, \"Thank you, but I can't let you go.\" \"Then I can't let you go,\" He says. I know we could both argue about it all night, \"Okay, how about we rock paper scissor it?\" He grins and holds out his fist. \"If you win you can come, if I win I go alone,\" I restate the terms. \"I got it,\" He rolls his eyes. \"Rock, paper, scissors shoot!\" I stop at scissors. He stops at rock, \"I guess we are now partners,\" He grins.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: No Pain, No Gain The first few months of training was more pain that it was anything else. Of course, I had to run two miles every day to get into shape. Gabe didn't need it, but he would run with me anyways. We started kick boxing classes and even took adult karate class. We had to look for a while to find someone who would teach us how to handle our swords and daggers. I have a few scars to remind me of how precise I have to be. We got a membership at a gun range. I assume we will be using guns the most, so it was a good investment. \"Are you ready for training?\" Gabe asks. I smirk and nod. I feel I have gotten pretty good at my technique, Gabe even got me a crotch rocket to add, after I fought with him to get rid of the car he had gotten me, there was no way I was accepting both, \"I think I am.\" After we got what we could out of kick boxing, karate, and self-defense classes, Gabe hired a fighter and tonight is the first night for training with him, \"I think it'll be fun,\" Gabe grins. We throw our bags into the Hummer and jump in, \"I don't doubt it,\" I chuckle at his enthusiasm. \"Why is that?\" He gets in the drivers seat. I shrug, \"I hate feeling so sore I can't move the next day.\" Gabe laughs, \"It's usually the next day that you begin to feel sore.\" I roll my eyes, \"You know what I mean!\" \"How was school?\" He finally asks. Again, I shrug, \"It was school,\" I mumble. \"You sound so excited about it,\" He keeps looking over at me. I fake a smile, \"It's going well, it's just easy right now is all.\" He chuckles, \"You drop out of school and get your GED and college still isn't challenging for you?\" I shake my head. \"Have you figured out what you're going to do yet?\" He asks. \"I'm still not sure,\" I say. He looks over at me with a grin, \"I'm sure you'd be great at anything.\" Gabe and I still haven't established anything about our relationship; I think we do much better that way. We are too comfortable with each other to ruin it with a status. But, maybe it wouldn't be ruined? Maybe it would actually make it stronger? Open more doors for us? I shake my head of these thoughts. His brothers still joke about when Gabe had lied about being my fiancée to stay with me in the hospital and I won't lie, it still makes me blush. We pull into a driveway leading to a small gym. The windows are dimly lit and you can barely see in through the windows. A black new ford sits in the parking lot. Gabe pulls close to the entrance and parks. He glances at me with a smirk and jumps out. I get out after him, grabbing my bag from the back seat. We walk into the small gym, looking around at medals and trophies that decorate the wall and shelves. The room is empty, only music can be heard playing from the speakers mounted on the walls. As I walk around through the room, a large man comes from a door. \"Gabe, you finally made it!\" He opens his arms and pulls Gabe into a brotherly hug. Gabe laughs and pats him on the arm after he lets go, \"Nice to see you too, Brutis. This is Remy,\" Gabe introduces me and I quickly turn. A bald man stands with his hands firmly on his hips, reminding me of Captain Morgan. I chuckle, \"Nice to meet you, Brutis.\" \"Nice to meet you, Remy!\" She holds out his hand for me to shake. I take it. \"I don't see a ring on her finger yet, Gabe,\" He says before turning to a closet and opening it. Gabe gives me a surprised look, \"Wh-at?\" Brutis laughs, \"I'm just messing with you.\" I know my face got red and it was obvious that it made me blush, \"I'm just a roommate, it's nothing like that.\" \"Really?\" Brutis asks, genuinely surprised, \"Could have fooled me.\" \"How?\" I laugh, \"We don't even come off as a couple?\" I say unsure. Brutis raises on eye brow at me, \"You think so?\" \"How could we?\" I ask. Gabe awkwardly clears his throat, \"So what are we working on first?\" Brutis pulls out a punching bag, \"The basics, I want to see what you guys can do first before we begin any real training.\" \"Take it easy, we have only been training a few months now,\" I joke. He shrugs, \"I'm not measuring, just seeing where we need to start.\" Brutis had a good point, so that's what our first night was, the basics and what we were able to do. Of course, I could see on his face the surprise he had when it was my turn to show him \"what I could do\", but he never admitted it. I took my training very seriously with the other classes, I had to. In order for me to do this, I have to be dedicated. \"I can see why Gabe keeps you around,\" Brutis jokes. Gabe laughs, \"That's not the only reason.\" I breathe hard, \"I'm here you know?\" We leave shortly after. It is late going back and I fall asleep against the door. Gabe lightly nudges me when we get to the house and I stumble through the door. John and Ian sit at the kitchen table and peer over at us when we come into the kitchen. \"Long night?\" Ian teases. Gabe snickers, \"Like most.\" I plop down into a chair and take an apple from the bowl in the middle of the table, \"I'd like to see you guys do it.\" Gabe sits down next to me, \"I would like to see that too!\" \"Why did you get a sudden interest for this stuff anyways?\" John asks. Gabe and I glance at each other and we both shrug. \"Just thought it would be fun,\" I say with apple in my mouth. Gabe nods, \"And it is fun.\"[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: The New Age \"Happy Birthday!\" I kiss Gabe good morning. He sleepily chuckles, \"Don't remind me.\" I rest my head on his chest, \"Why? There's no shame in being old.\" \"Oh please, I'm only 23!\" He rolls his eyes. \"Exactly,\" I tease. I remember last year he never mentioned to me about his birthday. He was so focused on me and, I suppose, I was too. He says all he wants to do is visit a couple people, and I know who they are without him telling me. They are probably the closest family he has besides his brothers. In that short of time, we all got very close. Especially him and Max, he was Max's male figure. He asks to go alone, probably because he doesn't want to see me cry on his birthday, but it's good because while he's gone, his brothers and I are preparing his surprise party for him. \"He has more friends than I thought he did,\" I say to John as the kitchen and living room fill with guests, mostly men and a few wives and girlfriends. Ian laughs, \"He's actually pretty popular.\" I rush to get things around and rearrange things out of anxiousness. I want everything to be perfect for him. Guests chat with each other and everyone already seems to be enjoying the company, I'm sure it will only get better when Gabe arrives. John and Ian are constantly watching out of the windows and listening for the garage door. I continue to run around, occasionally asking anyone if they need drinks. \"He's here!\" Ian calls. Everyone hushes and I go over to the garage door, awaiting him. He takes his time to park and to collect himself. I can see that he had a heart-felt conversation with Max and Nana, just by the look on his face. He has a serious look to him, like he was determined and something was on his mind. It was good they have him, he can keep himself together much better than I can. I pretend to be looking for something in the closet when he opens the door. I turn and smile, \"You're back!\" Was all I could think of to say. \"I'm back,\" He nods. John and Ian lean against the kitchen island. Everyone has moved to the living room, \"Welcome back,\" They say with better acting than me. He slightly smiles and sets his things down on the bench next to the door, \"There's a lot of cars down at the park.\" My heart skips. Ian makes the notion. I lead Gabe around the corner to the living room and everyone yells, \"Surprise!\" Gabe's eyes widen and he can't help but grin, \"I should have known.\" I smile. He wraps his arm around me and he kisses me in front of everyone. \"Happy birthday, Gabe,\" I say softly. \"Thank you,\" He says loudly for everyone, but it was more directed towards me. He lets me go and begins to converse with his friends. I watched as they all try to talk to him. I can see why he was popular. He's the cool guy, calm, collected, attractive, and strong. And yet again, he is also rich, but that is certainly not why I am here. We bring out his gifts and the food into the kitchen. His cake is decorated with tools and cars, which was Ian's idea, hoping he would get a kick out of it. \"So, how long have you known Gabe now?\" The girlfriend of one of his good friends asks me. I think for a moment, \"Oh, it's been a while, almost 3 years…\" I remember the purge is coming up quickly. \"And you're not dating? I hear a lot of things about you two,\" Another says. I look at her surprised, \"Well, we are very close, but no, we haven't really put a status on our relationship.\" \"You definitely should! Gabe is a wonderful guy, I would snatch him up in a heartbeat,\" An obnoxious girl chimes in. \"Mhm, well, it works for us. We are close without a status, and I'm sure we would be just as close with one,\" I shrug, \"So it doesn't really matter to me,\" which may have been a lie? Maybe it did matter to me? I hadn't even realized how long Gabe and I have been inseparable. It's been almost 3 years and we have yet to set a status. Maybe it's because we are both afraid? As soon as you set a status, it almost seems like you now have to live up to the role and the expectations, maybe neither of us wants that? \"And if he wanted to set the status?\" The girlfriend asks. I look at her, \"Then all he has to do is ask,\" I say without hesitation. \"Cake time!\" John yells. My eyes scan for Gabe, but he has seemed to disappear. Everyone gathers in the kitchen and looks for Gabe. Finally, a hand pulls me from the side and up to the front of everyone. I relax and everyone looks excited. Gabe looks down at his cake and smiles. John scrambles to light the three candles resting in the middle of the tools. \"That was my idea!\" Ian makes it known. Gabe nods, \"I figured it was.\" \"Happy birthday to you,\" John begins the song and everyone joins in. I have never heard so many people singing all at once before. \"Make a wish, man!\" A friend yells. Gabe waits a moment in thought and blows out the candles. Everyone claps, yelling loudly and whistles. Gabe takes my hands and turns to me, \"Remy, ever since you came into my life it has been an adventure. We have been able to battle the bad times and last in the good ones. You are just the most perfect person in the world,\" He gulps. My face fills with warmth and I can hear that everyone has settled. They are listening intently. What is happening here? \"I know the past two years have been tough, but that's how I know that we are strong. I can't even begin to show you how much you mean to me and how I am nothing without you,\" His hand reaches into his pocket and he pulls out a small box. My mouth instantly dries and my heart beats hard against my rib cage. He slowly bends down and gets on one knee, \"Remy, will you marry me?\" The only thing I can feel is a tear falling from my eye. My legs jerk forward and I wrap my arms around him, \"Yes, I will marry you,\" I say in his ear. Everyone cheers and howls. He hugs me tightly, \"I love you, Remy.\" Tears fill my eyes, it's uncontrollable. This was the first time I have heard it from him, the \"I love you\" and it was more than I have ever expected it to be. I remember saying it to him when I thought I was about to die, and it's not that I didn't mean it, but I couldn't say anything else that would have expressed how I felt. Of course I love Gabe. He is the first guy I have ever loved or been in love with. \"Congrats guys!\" I hear someone say. Gabe pulls me away and lifts up my left hand. He slides the large diamond ring on my finger and kisses my hand, \"Thank you.\" \"That was so cute, Gabe!\" \"Yes, very romantic!\" The girls squeal. That's when it hit me, that's when everything made sense. That is why he needed to go see Max and Nana. That is why those girls were bugging me about our status. I give him a look, \"Everyone knew about this?\" He smiles, \"Yep.\" \"Was this surprise party really an engagement party?\" \"More or less,\" He admits. \"You guys had this planned around me?\" I ask, defeated. He lifts my chin up, \"You were the whole part of the plan,\" He kisses me. \"But this was your birthday,\" I pout. He nods, \"But this was the best gift I could have ever gotten and not just for my birthday, but in my life.\"[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: The Perfect Passion I sit in the kitchen looking at the lists of medication I have gathered from a few families on the old street I used to live on. The house is quiet, the boys are at work. I make notes on best routes to take. My eyes scan back and forth between a map and my own written directions. I'm hoping that the route we are going to take have plenty of shadows to make cover with. So far, I'm satisfied. It's a longer trek from this house, I'm afraid it might be too far, but we'll have to make it work. We went out the weekend after Gabe's birthday party to locate possible pharmacies that we can look at. There are quite a few that I had not ventured far enough to know about but since we now live on the wealthier part of town, I have them in mind. The pharmacies in this area seem to be better protected and I'm sure they have the new security system that has recently come out, all the wealthy homes are getting them, including ours, in which comes a complimentary flower pot with it also to show your approval of The Annual Purge our founding fathers have so graciously created for us. I tap the pencil eraser against the table and my eyes stop at where our old house used to be. It's been too long. It's a bittersweet taste in my mouth when I see their names on the two streets. I set the pencil down and take in the silence. Complete silence. This house is too new for it to settle and it's that time of day where the day bugs begin to whisper in preparation to be overcome with the night bugs. I take a sip of water when a shadow crosses in front of me. The glass drops from my hand on the table and my eyes snap up. I gulp unintentionally. The face becomes clearer to me, almost as if I were in a dream. \"You're not really going to do this, are you Rem?\" Max's voice startles me still even after I've been looking at his innocent face. \"Max?\" I look down to the table and back up, yet he's still there. \"You're such a wonderful person, Remy, but do you have to risk your life?\" Nana steps beside Max with a concerned look in her eyes. \"I just want to help,\" I say. Nana sits down beside me, \"I know dear, it's your nature.\" \"There's no need to go out anymore, Remy,\" Max is across the table from me, \"You've done so much already!\" \"All that time you've spent goin' out during the Purge to get me my medicine, I didn't even like you doin' it then,\" Nana adds. I shake my head, \"I haven't done enough. I am helping poor families like ours survive and if I die doing this, I'm fine with that!\" \"But what about Gabe? You are engaged to be married now; you're fine with leaving him behind?\" Nana asks. I think for a moment, \"Well, no, but-\" \"What about all he's done for you? All he's done for us?\" Max asks, \"And that will be a waste.\" I shake my head, \"I don't think he'll see it that way!\" \"Perhaps not, but you're saying that you'll be fine with leaving him behind,\" Nana turns to me, \"don't do this to the boy.\" I bite my lip. \"And if he left you behind?\" Max adds. The question stings my face. I can feel my skin get hot, \"I couldn't live without him…\" \"Don't you think he feels the same?\" Nana's eyes soften and she reaches out taking my hand. I set my other hand atop of hers. I miss the warmth of her hands and how they always smell of cucumbers and honey suckle. She squeezes our bundle and rests her other hand on my face after moving my bangs behind my ear. Tears instantly fill my eyes, \"I miss you guys so much.\" Max's arm sets on my shoulders like almost a hug. \"Remy my darlin', we're always with you dear. You don't need to look too far for us, we're never going to leave you.\" \"It's so hard to imagine that it was all my fault,\" I sob. Both of them hug me, \"No, no, shhh, child,\" Nana consoles me, \"Shh, shh, now. None of this was your fault.\" \"Yes it was, it was,\" I cry. Max chuckles, \"Oh Remy, you're going to take the blame from those monsters in the street?\" I look up at his blurry face, \"You were so young.\" \"Remy,\" Nana holds my face in her hands, \"We survived because of you. Now you have to start fighting for yourself like you fought for us,\" She presses her lips against my forehead and I could feel them begin to fade away. \"Don't go, please don't go!\" I cling to her hand, but in a blink of an eye they are gone. I collapse onto the floor, sobbing uncontrollably. They were so close to me, their touch, their warmth, gone, \"Don't leave me, don't go!\" The numbing feeling that has kept me from going insane is finally, slowly wearing off. It hasn't been many times that I've mourned them and now that The Purge is creeping up on me, reality is slipping away again. I look down at my shaking hands; clear water drops form streams down through my skin. \"Remy?!\" Gabe's voice sounds distant and metallic, \"Remy, are you okay? What's wrong?!\" I don't care, I continue to sob. \"She's not stable enough for the purge, Gabe, you have to convince her-\" \"I'm doing this!\" I say loudly, my voice piercing through the air, \"At least this once.\" Gabe's hands pull at my shoulders, \"Remy, tell me what's wrong, what happened?\" I wipe the tears from my face and I look up at him, \"I miss my family…\" xxxxxxxxx With the purge so close, it's hard to keep your mind off of it. I do little tedious things around the house, but I always catch myself stopped in the middle of something, staring at whatever happens to be sitting in front of me. The news plays in the background as the boys sit and watch. You know the purge draws near when that begins to be the only topic of choice for the newscast. \"They are saying this is going to be the most interesting Purging Year yet,\" A male voice hums in a way that only a news reporter can, \"Now that the new security systems are out on the market for anyone to purchase, a lot of the participants are speculated to stay in the poorer areas this year, Ann.\" \"Thank you, Bill-\" Brainwash, is all it is. Trying to convince people that this is the way the world should be, to cleanse our souls once a year of all the bad we've done. That is bullshit. Sure, the Purge keeps our economy strong and our unemployment rate at an all-time low of 1%, but not for the right reasons. Killing our own people was not the way to revive this country. Now, it is literally every man for himself, there is no united. \"-footage of last year Purge to show the significant differences between this coming Purge that has high hopes of being one of the best years yet,\" The woman's voice seems to be mocking me. I stand at the threshold of the living room, \"Do you have to watch that?\" Gabe turns, \"I'm sorry, we're just trying to get some information so we are better prepared this year…\" I nod, trying to force a smile, \"I know… It just makes me uneasy…\" He gets up from the couch and approaches me, \"We don't have to do this, you know? It won't change that you're an amazing person.\" \"I have to do this,\" I wrap my arms around his waist, \"I already looked into the eyes of those families, I can't turn my back on them now.\" His lips touch my forehead and he squeezes me in his arms, \"I understand…\" \"You know we could probably pay for all that medication easily,\" John says from the couch. \"For a year's worth?\" I ask. \"Hmm,\" He thinks, \"How much is on the list?\" I pull the paper from my pocket and I throw it at him. He opens the paper. He's silent as he scans over all of the different medications, \"How many families is this for?!\" I walk over, \"Four.\" \"Wow, that's a ridiculous amount of medications,\" He almost chuckles. I take the paper from his hand and hold it in front of him, \"This,\" I point to a very long word, \"Is for a little girl with leukemia,\" I slide my finger down to the next word, \"This is for the pain, this is for the possible symptoms, this is just to make everything seem better,\" I continue down the list, \"This is for a grandmother with Parkinson's, along with the other four medications that fallow.\" His face twists. \"This is for her husband who has rheumatoid arthritis,\" I look him in the eyes, \"a man with painful crippled fingers that twist in ways that you couldn't even imagine.\" \"Remy…\" Gabe softly calls my name. I hold my finger up and pull the paper to the very end, \"And these are prenatal vitamins. She didn't even ask for them. I put them down because I know she wouldn't ask from me more than what this family already has. They talk about how they scrounge up enough to buy milk, bread, and peanut butter. Those are their dinners. That's what they eat almost every night. She probably never walks into an actual store that carries prenatal vitamins. So, yes, this might seem like a lot of medication, but it's not because they have a choice, and trust me, they've already chose to live without for too long and that's what I'm trying to change.\" All three of them stare at me. I know I probably went too far and I've never come off as being that assertive before, but in my mind, this is the perfect passion.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: Indecisive It's the night before the Purge. Gabe and I sit silently at the kitchen table, both thinking to ourselves. It doesn't seem to be this time of year already and no matter how many times I've told myself and everyone that I am ready for this, I'm not really sure I am. I intended to make this my life, Purging for poor families like mine, but my life is starting, as much as it feels it has already ended. I'm going to start school soon. Gabe and I are going to get married. Perhaps, maybe, I will have a family, that may be sooner than later. \"Well,\" Gabe breaks the silence, \"At least we have a game plan. We know what route we're going to take and the pharmacies we're going to stop by. It shouldn't take that long if we stay low and keep moving.\" I nod, agreeing. He reaches across the table and sets his hand on my arm, \"We have backup anytime we need it, John and Ian are going to be ready for a call all night.\" \"They don't have to do that,\" I say. \"They don't, but they care about us,\" He takes his hand back and rests his head on it, \"They'll do what they can.\" I stand and smooth my shirt down, \"I have everything packed and ready.\" Gabe stands and pulls me into him, he lifts my chin to look at him, \"We need to get through this because I intend on marrying you, you know that, right?\" I can't help but grin, \"Yes I know.\" \"I'm going to go see what the guys are up too,\" He kisses me softly and leaves me in the kitchen. I've been waiting for him to leave me. I rush to the back of the hummer and grab the plastic bag I've hidden since coming back from the store. I take the pink box from it and open it, dumping the contents on the back seat. My hands shake as I hurry to put them in my pocket. I discard the bag and the box in the garbage bin and I make my way back inside. My stomach turns and I'm suddenly nauseas again. The bathroom couldn't be closer. I make it to the toilet in time before I vomit. The coolness of the porcelain calms my nerves as I hold it in my arms. \"You've got to be kidding me,\" I mumble to myself, wiping my mouth. I wash my hands and pull the things from my pocket. They lay out on the sink in front of me. I stare at them for a moment. Finally I pick one up and peel wrapper back. I pull the plastic stick out and sigh. This wasn't something I ever imagined myself ever doing and now that I am about to do it, I'm not scared or nervous. It actually seems that this is something that I want, something that would be a pleasant surprise. But what am I saying? This is not good, right? With the direction my life is going in and the choices that I am making for myself, this doesn't make sense. But, maybe I also want this? I grip the plastic test in my hand, \"You're never indecisive, why are you now?\" I ask myself. Moments pass. \"Just see what happens…\" I finally decide. I take the test and lay it back on the sink. I sit on the side of the tub, thinking. My knuckles can only crack every once in a while, never soon enough to please me. Minutes seem like hours as I wait and I cling to the tub to keep my balance as my head spins. Finally, after a half hour passed, I stand to look at it. My heart flutters. And stops. And beats harder than I have ever felt it beat before. I find the tub with my hand and I drop to the floor. A knock at the door makes me jump, \"Remy, are you okay?\" \"Yes!\" I hastily make it to my feet and scramble to get rid of any evidence, \"I'm just washing my face and brushing my teeth.\" \"Alright, well when you're done, do you want to watch a movie with us?\" I smile, running my fingers through my hair, \"Yeah, yeah, I'll be out in a minute.\" \"Okay.\" I can hear him walking away from the door and my body relaxes. I wash my face and brush my teeth quickly and meet them in the living room. They tell me it's a tradition that they would do every Purge Eve. A comedy movie usually lifts their spirits, but this year must be different. They don't seem very settled into their seats. I sit down next to Gabe and he holds out a beer for me. I look at it hesitantly. \"I'm glad you could join us,\" I can hear it now, in his voice. I slowly take the beer, \"So, what are we watching?\" \"Knocked Up,\" Ian says, pushing a button to have the DVD go into player. My face gets hot. They all stare at me. \"What's going on?\" I set the beer down on the coaster and inch away from them. Gabe centers himself to look at me, \"Ian found a bag in the back of the Hummer,\" He glances at them and they get up to leave. \"Gabe, I-\" \"Was that what you were doing in the bathroom?\" He sets his hand on my knee. I slowly nod. His eyes widen and he looks a little more nervous than he usually does in most situations, \"And… well… what did it say…?\" \"You want to find out like this?\" I mumble. He shrugs, \"No, but I need to know now and I had a feeling you weren't going to tell me at all if it was negative and too late if it was positive.\" \"So, what do you think it was?\" I stare into his eyes. He glances at the beer, \"Well, the way you acted when I handed you the beer kind of made it seem like… maybe it was… positive?\" I can't help but smile now, and without being able to help it tears form in my eyes, \"It was positive…\" Gabe's checks blush and he sits back into the cushion of the couch. He stares in front of him as the news sinks into his skin, \"A baby?\" \"A baby…\" I repeat. A grin crosses his face, \"A baby!\" I nod, with equal excitement, \"Yes!\" He leaps forward and hugs me. He squeezes hard before he stops and checks to make sure that I'm still intact. Then, his excitement drains, \"You can't go tomorrow.\" \"What?\" I ask. \"You can't go tomorrow,\" He looks at me sternly, \"You're not going.\" \"But Gabe-\" \"I will go for you because I know how much it means to you, but I will not let you go. You can't go with my child,\" He gestures towards me. I can't say that I am surprised, because I'm not. But it is still something I felt that I have to do. It is my job, not his. I chose to do this and I chose the families, \"So now, we can just be extra careful, that's all. Please let me go, nothing will happen.\" \"Nothing was supposed to happen last year either…\" He says quietly. I get an overwhelming feeling of nausea again. I hold up my finger and rush to the bathroom. My hands meet the porcelain again as I vomit even more into the toilet. Gabe is right behind me and I can feel him pulling my hair back for me, \"Is this why you have been hanging around the bathroom?\" I nod, sitting up, \"I didn't think that women get nauseas this early.\" \"Well, every woman is different,\" He gets a hand towel and wets it in the sink. \"Yes, but I hope this doesn't last…\" I hold my stomach. He tilts my head back and sets a cold washcloth on my forehead, \"We need to make you a doctor's appointment.\" \"I just found out today,\" I sigh. He chuckles, \"I know, so first thing tomorrow morning you should call and make an appointment.\" I roll my eyes. \"And this is not going to help you get away with avoiding our conversation,\" He sits down across from me. \"Let's sleep on it?\" I know my voice sounds exhausted. \"Fine,\" He stands and holds his hand out for me, \"But you're not going tomorrow.\" Again, I roll my eyes.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: The Bobbin Key I wake late in the morning. Gabe has left breakfast for me in bed. It's very dark in our room, but the alarm clock says its one in the afternoon. I sit up and look over at my phone with a note saying \"Doc appointment\" with a number. I sigh and roll my eyes. When I check the time it confirms that the clock is correct. My eyes are heavy and they feel puffy. I go into the bathroom and see that I still look exhausted. I must have slept heavily. Cold water on my face wakes me up a little more. Breakfast still sits on the bed and I go over to it. He made my favorite, French toast and sausage. It is surprisingly warm; I wonder how long it has sat here. I try to eat everything on the plate, but I find that I'm quickly full. When I'm finished I set it on the nightstand and prepare to take a shower. I look at my phone again. It's only a few more hours before the Annual Purge is to begin which means I need to get ready quickly. After my shower I look down at the note on my phone. Tomorrow… I will call tomorrow. When I go out to the kitchen, the boys are sitting around the island talking and looking at a map. They all look up at me. Gabe grins and pulls out a chair for me to sit down. \"Good morning.\" \"Morning,\" I mumble, still feeling groggy. \"How was your sleep?\" Ian asks. I shrug, sitting down at the table, \"What are you guys doing?\" \"We're going over routes so they know our plan,\" Gabe says. I nod, \"Okay, that sounds good.\" \"Yeah, since they'll be going with me now,\" He adds. \"Gabe…\" \"I'm sorry but you can't go. I love you, I can't let anything happen to you or I'll be losing everything,\" He holds my hand, \"Please, understand this…\" I bite my lip. What do I say to this? My defense is hardly a defense at all… \"This is my job, this is my choice…\" He nods, \"I will do anything for you, even uphold your selfless promises.\" \"We're going to go get ready, we only have about an hour before we leave,\" John explains as they stand and leave the kitchen. \"I'll be right behind you,\" He calls after them. I shake my head, \"I can't let you do this.\" He caresses my cheek, \"I want to do this for you.\" \"No, please,\" I beg quietly, but I know that it's useless. He kisses my forehead, \"Remy, I love you, everything will be fine.\" \"No, no it won't be fine, this is for me and you're not letting me do it,\" I complain. The look he gives me turns my stomach, \"You are pregnant!\" My eyes sting and I nod. \"So, I guess I'm not understanding your reasoning other than it's for you, obviously you're not thinking of anyone else,\" His voice rises a little. A cool feeling runs through my core. I think this will be our first real fight… \"I'm pregnant, not crippled, I'm not disabled, I'm not unable.\" \"Remy, really?\" His voice sounds strained. \"I'm going with you!\" I say sternly. He half heartedly smirks and grabs my arm, \"I love you Remy,\" his grip is strong as he hoists me out of the seat, \"I'm so sorry I have to do this.\" \"Gabe, what are you doing?!\" I go to yank myself from his grip when I find that I'm much weaker than I can remember, \"Gabe!\" He drags me towards the room. \"Gabe, don't!\" I pull back against him, but he's still able to propel me forward, softly, into the room. I swirl around when the door slams shut and I hear a click. When I reach down to unlock it from the inside, I realize he has switched the handle, so now it's locked from the outside, \"Gabe!\" I pound on the door, \"Don't you lock me in here!\" \"I'm sorry, Remy…\" His voice calls through the wooden door. \"Don't you leave me like this, Gabe Collins!\" I scream through the door, but there is no answer. He leaves me locked in the room to get ready with John and Ian. Tears frantically run down my face as I sit against the door. My teeth clench, anger boiling my blood. I never thought in my entire life I could be angry at Gabe, but at this moment, I'm not angry, I'm pissed. This is not fair! How could he do this to me?! I look down at my shaking hands and I try to calm my racing heart. I can feel a scream building up in my throat, but all that comes out are uncontrollable emotional sobs that I'm not sure I've ever experienced before. \"Fuck him!\" I kick the air, \"Fuck them all, fuck it, fuck them, fuck!\" As I sit there gripping my hands together, I hear a loud sound coming from the windows when I see the metal coming down to cover the fragile matter that is the only thing keeping what is out there, outside. They are leaving. I scramble to my feet and run to the window, before it closes down. There was no use in that. In a panic, I search the room for a key or something to pry the door open with. I search under pillows, under the bed, on top of dressers and inside of our closet, to no avail. I run into the bathroom, ripping through drawers when my eye catches on something small and black. I hold the bobbin pin up between my thumb and forefinger and smile. There is a hole on my side of the door that must mean there is a way to unlock it from my side of the door? I rush to the door as I straighten out the bobbin pin. I stick the jagged side in, twisting it and pushing it in every direction I can manage. For almost thirty minutes I do this, turning twisting it around in the small hole. \"Come on!\" I hit the door, pushing the metal as far in as I can get it when I hear a click. I turn the knob and it opens freely. \"Yes!\" I quickly change my clothes and put my black masquerade mask on and pull the black hood up. I go out to the kitchen and find that they took the map. I assumed they would, but in hopes they forgot it I checked anyways. As I walk by the living room, I hear that they left the TV on and the emergency broadcast signal comes on. I stop at the threshold, not turning towards the television. \"Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police, fire and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7 am when the purge concludes. \"Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a Nation reborn. May God be with you all,\" I say with the voice, as I do every year, and I walk to the alarm system and I wince to remember the code that I know they told me. I bite my lip. \"1 6 7 8?\" I say aloud, but I hesitate to put it in, \"No… 1 6 8 7?\" I put 1 6 but pause, \"Dammit!\" my fingers then quickly hit 7 8. \" Alarm System unlocked, \" The voice says I sigh in relief and grab the remote to the system and run out the door before guilt makes its way into my mind. The outside air is cool and silent. Not even bugs chirp tonight. I look down over the hill where the small towns lights reflect off the clouds that roll in slowly. I head down the driveway hastily while trying to stay hidden in the brush. I know the first pharmacy they plan to hit, so my goal will be to make it there first. A shimmer catches my eye and I look down at the engagement ring Gabe had given me, \"Please forgive me, Gabe…\"[Chapter 19] Chapter 19: The Encounter The pharmacy seems to be vacant, and there's not many Purgers out tonight. I scout it out through the thick of the trees. Something doesn't seem right. I haven't seen many people and that's very strange. I duck down low as I cross the parking lot to the back of the pharmacy. When I get to the shadows, I stand and press myself against the wall. I reach for the back door when dark shadows come out of the trees to the front of the pharmacy. Did I make it here before them? How? It's a long moment before I hear glass shattering and I make my way around to the front. The last foot steps through when I round the corner. I peer through the shattered glass. The shadows have now disappeared. I step through with the lightest steps I can and slink back down into the shadows. There's rustling in the back and the closer I get, the more I can hear. \"This stuff is damn expensive,\" Ian's voice says as they sift through the bottles. \"Well, the medicine is for serious conditions,\" Gabe's voice relaxes me, \"I'm sure it is all very expensive, that's probably why Remy thought it was so important for her to get it for families who can't afford it.\" \"I'm sure most of those families are without health insurance also,\" John adds. Gabe nods, \"Without health insurance, without very good paying jobs.\" \"I guess we were pretty lucky for us to have had rich parents,\" Ian says. I can only imaging the looks Ian is getting right now from both of them. There is a pause as they continue to search through the medications. \"So, how did you convince her to stay?\" John asks. Gabe doesn't say anything for a moment, \"Well, I didn't. I kinda locked her in the room.\" \"You locked her in the room?!\" Ian almost begins to laugh. \"That was the only way I could get her to stay, I could keep her safe,\" His voice is somber, \"I just want to get this medicine as soon as possible and get the hell back…\" I bite my lip. He shouldn't be the one doing this… \"How pissed was she that you did that?\" Ian chuckles. \"Not very happy...\" Gabe says, \"But, as long as she's safe, I don't care how pissed she gets at me.\" Again, there is silence. \"I've got everything from my list,\" John says. \"Me too,\" Gabe quickly says. \"I think I have a few more,\" Ian adds. When they are finished with gathering what they can from this pharmacy, they are happy to discover only two more that they need to get before they can get back. I watch them leave, carefully walking back through the pharmacy and I follow. Before going through where they came, they check to make sure they are clear. \"I don't see anyone,\" Ian says. \"I don't either,\" Gabe confirms. They step through and head north for the next pharmacy. I'm careful not to make any noise behind them and I stay close, but not too close. We are making good time before we hear it, the screaming and chaos of the Purgers. I knew they were somewhere. The boys stop behind a building, keeping to the shadows. I stop in an empty small propane cage and watch through the holes. It looks like new Purgers, I have never seen them here in town before, yet most are wearing masks anyways. They've managed to set a building on fire in the middle of town, which can only mean the town hall or the police department. Why anyone would want or care to do that, I don't know, but I didn't want to stick around to find out. When I crawl from the cage, the boys are gone, I can't see them anymore. I rush over to where I know I saw them last and pause to look. \"Whoooa, whoa!\" A man's voice yells over the commotion, \"We can't have a bonfire without a beer, where are the damn beers?!\" There is laughter. \"Come on, baby, go on and get me a beer!\" He says. I can hear a girl giggle and laugh. \"Maybe you won't have to worry about that parking ticket anymore,\" I hear another man say. \"I sure as hell hope not, them fuckers can kiss my ass!\" \"Here you go,\" The girl says. \"Thanks baby,\" The can opens, \"Why don't you do a little dance for us?\" The girl laughs, \"What? Like this?\" Men cheer as I'm assuming she girl starts to dance for them. Trucks are heard off in the distance, \"Who the fuck is that?\" My stomach sinks, I need to find Gabe. I continue on through the shadows behind the buildings. I know the next pharmacy is near here, it was only a block from the police department. The trucks stop. \"Who the hell are you?\" \"We want her,\" A man with an accent demands. The other men laugh. \"Over my dead body,\" He says all cocky like. \"Alright,\" A shots are fired. The girl screams. This is when I speed up my pace. \"No!\" The girl screams, \"Get away from me!\" \"Put her in the back with the others,\" He says. Finally at the end of a building, I see three shadows at the back of another building. Peeking around I see the group of men standing in front of the burning building, their shadows flicker across the ground. I know that I have never seen these men before, or these types of trucks. Something doesn't feel right, something is different about this. \"Remy?\" A whisper calls my name. Across the road, Gabe is waving in the shadows to get my attention. He doesn't look angry, he actually looks very concerned, \"Gabe!\" I quietly call. \"What are you doing?!\" I point to the group of trucks in the middle of the road, \"Bad men,\" I say, \"They're not from around here.\" \"I'm coming over to you,\" He runs over to the tree line. I look around the building before I make my way to meet him. I get into the tree line and listen for the crunching of leaves. I can hear Gabe coming towards me, quickly. I jog to meet him, swerving through the trees. Finally, I can see him and he can see me. He races towards me, reaching out his arms. He embraces me, tightly and then checks to make sure I am okay and he kisses me. \"Remy, why?\" He still doesn't look angry. \"Don't worry about that right now, we need to get back to the house, right now, we need to get back and be safe and not be out here,\" I say, trying not to panic, but my voice shakes, I have a very bad feeling about those men. \"They are Purgers, just like every year,\" He tries to calm me. \"No, Gabe, no, these men are different, these men are collectors, they took a girl, they only wanted the girl,\" I explain, trying to keep the tears from falling, \"They killed a group of men for that one girl.\" Gabe keeps his face composed and he nods as if he saw it. \"So, get the boys and we-\" Just then I can hear shouting. We look towards where Ian and John had been. The group of men now hold their guns up to them, shouting, demanding. Before I know it, Gabe grabs me and ducks me down behind the tree, \"You stay here, god dammit, please, just stay,\" His tone isn't harsh, I think he meant for it to be, but it wasn't. \"No, no, no, no!\" I reach out for his hand, but I miss it as he heads out towards the hostiles. \"Hey, what seems to be the problem,\" Gabe is now walking towards them; his hands are up in the air. A man with a black beanie looks over at him. A cigar hangs from his mouth and the embers reflect off his eyes making them glow, \"I knew I saw three.\" His accent confirms that he is the man that took the girl. \"We're just out here to get a few things for some sick people, that's all,\" Gabe continues to walk towards them. The man takes the cigar from his mouth, \"And we are also out here for a job, so how about this, you are from this town, no?\" Gabe pauses, as if he is thinking, \"We are?\" The man nods, taking another puff of his cigar, \"Then if you help us, we won't kill you, sound good?\" Gabe puts his hands down, \"Help you with what?\" The man smiles, his eyes glowing orange, \"Picking up some girls.\"[Chapter 20] Chapter 20: The Chase They take them in their trucks and leave me in the tree line. My stomach turns as I watch them drive away. Do I go home? Or do I pursue the truck and keep in the shadows just to be sure the boys are okay and stay okay? I bite my lip. They can handle themselves, but how do I know the men won't just kill them after they get their job done? If I keep close, I could provide a distraction for them if needed. I cross the street and press myself against the nearest building, luckily the truck is moving slowly in anticipation to come across a female, I imagine. I would wonder what the women are for, but I already know for sex trafficking. The government advertises low crime rates because everyone gets their aggression out without any penalties, but if they also should death and missing numbers in just one night, they would not compare. The truck continues to move. I follow in hopes they cannot see me in any of their mirrors. After it turns right a street, it stops. I keep moving because I cannot see anything. The men have jumped out of the truck and look as if they are going to check a building. I see Gabe standing beside the boss who seems to have replaced his cigar with a new one. Their voices become clearer the closer I get. \"… For?\" I hear the last word of Gabe's question. The Russian shakes his finger while clicking his tongue, \"No, no. You do not ask any question. That is not what you are here for.\" \"I figured if I knew I could get you the best product, if you know what I mean?\" They watch the men go through the house. The man looks Gabe over, \"You want to become part of this business?\" \"Not particularly, but I am a business man myself and I can only imagine you would also value quality over quantity.\" Gabe continues to try to silver tongue the boss. The Russian nods in understanding. It's hard to tell if it's working, but what is Gabe doing this for? To stall? Save some lives? I know a plan is forming in his head, if only I could read his mind. \"They are to be sold.\" Gabe nods as if not surprised at all, I'm sure he probably wasn't but now he is a part of this atrocity. \"Then you do not want to be in this neighborhood, unless your men like buying anything they can stick their dicks in.\" A deep laugh rolls from the Russian's throat, \"I like you. You funny man.\" Gabe continues to stay calm and he laughs along with the man. \"I was right to ask for your help. Where do you suggest we continue our search?\" He finally asks. I hold my breath for Gabe's answer. He pauses a minute, turning the question over in his head. \"The High Hills.\" My breath catches. \"What?!\" John comes from an area I haven't been able to see. \"The High Hills. It's just over there,\" Gabe points in my direction and I duck to avoid eyes catching notice to me. The High Hills is a neighborhood adjacent to ours, a rich community. Perhaps his plan is to take them up there to houses with the new security system that no one should have the ability to break into, yet. Luckily for the rich, they release protection options a day or two before the Purge. The poor have to make due, as they always have. \"The building was empty.\" A man glares at Gabe. The Russian man nods. \"Smart people.\" Gabe holds his hands in his pockets awaiting orders from the unpredictable stranger. \"We are going to High Hills.\" The words roll and twist off his tongue. Before they load into the truck, I begin to sprint through the buildings, making my way towards High Hills. The truck is loud when they put it into gear and turn around to head towards me. I get onto the road in hopes they will drive slowly like they did before. The road is much easier to run on. But the time I make it to the foot of the hill, my lungs are burning and headlights graze my heel. I dash into the woods and hope to go deep enough so they will not see me. I reach the fence they will have to figure a way around. It is taller than me which will mean I will have to climb if I want to keep ahead of them. I jump and grab onto the bar above me. My hands throb in annoyance at the square metal. I'm able to pull myself up and over the fence. I tuck and roll when I land. The truck is still paused at the gate, which gives me a moment to breathe before I hear the squealing of metal and rust. The gate is opening and the truck is moving forward. I duck behind an A/C unit and listen for the truck to stop again. I move around the corner and see that they are choosing their house carefully, perhaps trying to guess which have decided that they didn't need to worry about a security system and the truck stops. The truck turns off and the air goes silent. It's a moment before the men get out of the truck and for the first time, I hear whimpering and yelling from the back. My heart skips. I couldn't go home tonight knowing I allowed them to take these women to a horrible fate. I watch the Russian pointing to several houses before leaning against the truck. Gabe is beside him again. I think the man does actually like Gabe considering he's keeping him close. The back of the truck is locked, but it's only a bolt lock which is easy enough to unlock. I quickly dart across the street and Gabe glances at me. Alarm arises in his eyes, but proceeds to distract the Russian as I make my way to the back of the truck. Crying can be heard from inside and I hope that I can keep them quiet enough once I open the door to keep them from checking on them. Carefully, I turn the lock up and as quietly as I can I push it over. I don't want to cause them to scream in fear that it is a man. \"… You want one? I give you discount?\" The man laughs. I can tell that Gabe is probably going along with it, \"I have a woman believe it or not.\" \"Really?\" The man seems peeked in interest. \"Yes, but she's not available for this.\" I pull the door open enough to reach my hand in. I hear whispers and sighs. I hold a finger up, hoping they will wait for me. \"I can respect a man's wife.\" The Russian says. \"Mine I love very much. She got me out of very bad situation.\" I almost chuckle. When I get the door fully open, I see they've only been able to get six girls. They're all standing except for one, in the very back. \"She's given me a son, and a beautiful daughter.\" She looks over at me, and this is when I realize I've taken on too much. She places her hands on each side of her and grips onto the bench before letting out a very loud high pitch scream. The girls know what that means and without waiting for me to move, they push the doors open, making me fall to the ground, knocking my head against the pavement. I hear footfalls against the road before shots ring out and the girls begin to scream, hitting the ground. Gabe runs over to me, pulling me up off the ground and all of the men are making their way back to the truck. I hear hard steps coming towards us and I see the Russian looking down at me, ashes fall down beside me. Gabe gets me to my feet quickly and puts an arm around me. \"I'm apologizing for my wife, Ivan.\" He talks smoothly still. \"I didn't realize she was going to be out tonight, let alone run into us.\" With just a wave of the hand, Ian and John are placed besides us. \"I liked you, Gabe.\" He clicks his tongue again. \"I did.\" He takes a puff of his cigar. \"This is your wife?\" \"Yes.\" Gabe tightens his hold on me. Ivan nods, \"Very pretty, but I can't help the feeling that you were lying to me.\" He sighs. \"I have a job to do. It's very weary job, slowly moving throughout USA. You see, American's cost the most, so it's worth it.\" He looks behind us, \"But now I have injured girls. And it seems one has even gotten away.\" \"I'm sorry about that, Ivan-\" \"Because of your wife,\" He points to me, looking me in the eyes. A whistle sounds from his mouth and a shot is fired. John falls beside me, gasping in pain. I start to kneel to help him but Gabe holds me still. \"I understand and I know that it looks bad, but she didn't know I was with you.\" \"She must have seen you?\" Ivan looks confused, again looking at me. Another whistle, another shot, my heart skips, but John yelps in pain, he is still alive. \"I didn't see him,\" I say. \"I just heard crying and I assumed that they were being held against their will, I needed to help.\" Ivan nods, taking a gun from his belt and he points it to John, \"I liked you Gabe.\" He pulls the trigger and John goes silent and still. \"But you mean nothing to me, so neither does the people you love.\" He points the gun towards Ian. \"Wait!\" I yell. \"I will go with you, if you leave them.\" He laughs, shooting Ian. \"I was taking you anyways.\" Ian struggles. Gabe turns to me, whispering in my ear, \"You need to listen to me this time.\" I slightly nod. \"When I jump towards them, run. Don't look back and just run.\" He demands. Tears form in my eyes. \"Ivan, please. I will get back the girls and more.\" When he squeezes me one last time and lets go, I almost burst into tears and it keeps all of my energy to keep the tears from falling. He leaps towards them and I turn, running behind the truck and I curse, wishing I would have brought weapons. The back of the truck is locked again and shots ring out, putting holes in the metal. Screams starts and all at once, I begin to panic. My body and mind fight between calm and chaos. My breathing is now choppy and my muscles twitch. I see a shadow coming alongside the truck and I jump out to surprise him, using the skills I trained for all year, I trip the man, making him fall to the ground and with one punch with the heel of my hand, he's out. I take the gun from his hand and race around the truck. I see Gabe laying on the ground and I begin to shoot. Anger, frustration, passion, panic, adrenaline all run through me as I aim and take the shots I need to survive. The last one standing is Ivan and I don't even give him a chance to take a puff of his cigar before I march up to him and shoot him between the eyes. I go to the back of the truck and throw the doors open, aiming at the girl in the back. \"Duck!\" I yell and I shoot her because I am angry. The girls aren't that badly wounded, only in the legs, they'll be okay. I rush over to Gabe and I hear that Ian is still alive, but he may not be for long. These men are sloppy. No wonder he is only the collector. They do not deal with confrontation very well at all. My heart races faster than ever before and it aches. I cannot live without Gabe and I will him to be alive and okay. The ground is covered with black. In pain, I finally allow myself to break down. Crying over him, I turn Gabe over and I almost scream when I see a wide grin on his face. Tears are in his eyes and blood covers his chest, \"You can't listen? Why can't you listen!?\" \"You were dead!\" I yell at him. \"You lay on the ground and I thought you were dead! You didn't move!\" \"They have horrible aim when you're moving.\" He says, sounding weak. \"Ian, are you okay?\" \"John's dead.\" Ian says from behind us. Gabe is silent. \"I can't do this.\" I sit on the ground. \"I'm so stupid, why-\" \"It's okay, Remy, we're okay.\" Gabe wraps his arms around me and I feel weak, but that's okay. I'm ready for this to be over and I'm ready to be wrong. \"We need to get home, there's still at least three hours before dawn.\" Ian's voice is shaking. I agree with him. I want to go home.[Chapter 21] (I want to thank everyone who has read, enjoyed and followed this story, it means a lot and I would also like to apologize that chapters slowed down significantly for... too long! I appreciate your reviews and they kept me writing and wishing I could even when I couldn't! I may not have many, but I love you my FanFic fans! And here it is... the last chapter. In a way, I am very sad to see it go, I feel that it has helped me grow in my writing and gave me the nerves to get out there. On the other hand, this story has made a life of its own, I never anticipated for it to turn out the way it did, but it was just what would flow and this is where it needed to end. I hope you enjoy the chapter and I hope you will follow me through my next adventure. I hope to see you there! :) Chapter 21: Falling Away From Me Grabbing Gabe off the ground, I hold him as best I can. \"Hold on, okay?\" Ian rushes to my aid in an attempt to make Gabe as comfortable as we can. The girls cry loudly in pain and desperation to leave the scene. None of them are thankful, but I don't mind, they weren't entirely my priority. \"We need to move fast and quiet.\" Ian says, wincing in pain but I can't tell where he's been shot. Gabe's breathing is shallow. \"Be careful, Remy.\" \"What are you talking about?\" I ask playfully. \"You say this like I did just save everyone?\" I hear a smirk cross his face. \"You're something else.\" Rushing towards the woods, I examine the roads. Fires have broken out throughout the town, worse than I've seen before, which gives me the impression that more people are out this year, twisting my stomach. I give a hard glance towards Ian who looks concerned. If we get into trouble on the way home, there's not much we can do to protect ourselves. \"We'll be okay as long as we stay low and quiet.\" Ian says as if calming himself. My eyes continue to scan the area and my heart jumps at every shadow playing tricks on me. Gabe grips the bag of my shirt which eases my mind, it means he at least has enough energy to stay conscious, to stay alive. \"What kind of vehicle are you going to buy this year, Gabe?\" I ask as it seems he's always buying a motor vehicle after every Purge. \"I was thinking a mini van.\" He wheezes. \"A mini van? Why a mini van?\" I ask, if only to keep him awake. He laughs. \"All the kids we're going to have.\" My tongue goes dry and I try to smile. Shouting catches my ears and my first reaction is to duck and cover but with Gabe on my arm, the three of us lose balance and fall down the small hill. I rush to recover Gabe along with Ian. Breathing heavily, Gabe grits his teeth in pain and clenches his fists. My cheeks sting with guilt that I could be so careless. \"Are you okay? I'm so sorry!\" I say under my breath. Gabe slightly shakes his head. \"It's fine. Maybe you should leave me here and come back for me in the morning?\" \"No!\" My voice is stern. \"We're not leaving you here.\" \"No one will notice me down here.\" He argues. Ian begins to get him up. \"This is ridiculous, why are we even talking about this. It's not an option. Let's go.\" Screaming makes my heart leap and I turn towards the buildings just through the trees. The Demons are out tonight and it looks like they are close. Their shadows dance against the buildings with a large fire roaring between them. They've manage to catch an unlucky Purge participant and it doesn't sound like they are wasting their last few hours making him comfortable. \"They're preoccupied, we'll have no problem traveling through the woods.\" I say hoping to ease all of our minds. Moving as carefully as we can, we help carry Gabe closer to the road that can take us all home, safe and sound. With the three of us, and Gabe's weak legs, we are breaking a lot of twigs and crunching leaves but I hope that the life of the fire keeps anyone from hearing us desperately escaping the chaos of death and destruction. It is too dark to see how close we are to the road and Gabe's grip is getting weaker. I try to guess our location by the buildings when I see shadows coming towards us. At first, I open my mouth to speak, but something stops me. Fear? Shock? I'm not entirely sure, but I feel hopeless now and if this is trouble the likelihood of us getting out is none. \"I guess it pays off to hang out in the woods.\" I hear a slithering voice say. Gabe collapses between us, seemingly dead. Tears fill my eyes and I glance at Ian. \"Just go.\" And I attempt to, when I feel something wrap around my legs and I fall quickly to the ground beside Gabe. If I didn't know better, I would probably expect him to be dead, but I can't think about that right now, can I? The only way out of this is to fight and I won't be able to do that knowing that he is gone. Ian runs towards them, injured and in pain. He is easily subdued and stuck with a knife they drive into his stomach. I panic, struggling through the leaves to break free of whatever it is that is keeping my legs from moving. \"Look at what we have here.\" The slithering voice sounds amused. \"She's not too bad lookin'.\" Another voice says. They turn me over but I don't fight. \"What should we do with her?\" The slithering voice looks at me with piercing black eyes. Most of the shadow covers his face, but his freckles skin and black hair are unmistakable. His grin is sinister and I can't imagine he would ever fit into society. Perhaps these people only come out during the Purge? \"I have an idea!\" The other has hard features but it seems his face could probably be easily softened to blend into everyday activities. These are our neighbors, our doctors, our teachers, our policemen. These are people that we interact with on a daily basis, who own a small business or work as a cashier. These are the people that murder. Ian gargling snaps me back into time. My pants have been taken off and they are working on untying my legs. I need to be patient and time things right or we're all going to die here. After a few minutes of frustration, he finally gets the rope from around my legs and begins to unzip his pants, moving on top of me, I find my window of opportunity and I take it. I throw my leg up with as much force as I can muster and he shouts out in pain, falling over to the side. In shock, his friend jumps, holding down my arms when I throw my leg up again. With both of them curdled over in pain, I see that Ian has stopped moving and I quickly kneel down towards Gabe. His breathing is shallow, barely noticeable. I can't help but smile in excitement that he is still alive! \"You bitch!\" I hear before something hard hits the back of my head. My vision goes blurry and I'm thrown to the ground again. It seems I don't even have the energy to breathe. My vision fades between black and a faint light. I attempt to move my arms and my legs, but for some reason I just can't. I think of my baby, possibly for the first time in all of this and I hate myself. Perhaps I deserve this? But the baby doesn't. The men use me and when they are done, they get out their knife in which they begin to make cuts. They cut my arms and my chest and my legs. They laugh and grin at their work, which I assume must look impressive by their expressions. \"You think she's had enough?\" \"No, but I think that's a good end to our night.\" Their faces are clear to me again and the sky is lighter, which means we've almost survived the night, just a little longer. A glint is sharp in my eye and the knife is driven into my chest. A breath of air leaves my mouth and the pain squeezes my lungs. Another stab into my stomach and I can feel my mouth gaping open. It hurts and I cannot stop it. They are killing me and I am letting them. A warm liquid begins to fill my throat and when it touches my tongue a metallic taste fills my mouth. Another stab in my shoulder and another in my chest. I gasp and breathe as hard as I can, but I feel as if I am drowning and I know I am. I am drowning on myself and my own blood is suffocating me, slowly, painfully. I spit out as much as I can, just to breathe, I just want to breathe but I know it is not possible. They stand, satisfied with their work and they begin to fade. I hear myself wheezing, loudly and I allow myself to cry. Sounds begin to fade and I can feel the life falling away from me. \"No, no, hold on.\" I weakly tell myself. \"Hang on.\" Between them, I see a shadow. He angrily consumes them, killing them at my feet. Blood fills my nose when I smile and burst with joy. Gabe is alive. \"I love you.\" I say, but I can't be sure that it came out. I'm not sure if he heard me but I hope he knows, because I used my last breath to tell him. ","Summary":" The Purge: A Night to Survive I never have been good at goodbyes and I'm the best at avoiding them."},{"Movie":"Letters to Juliet","Title":"Sincerely, Juliet","Author":"hippogriff-tamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11024705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Happy Birthday H6p8gv...I hope that you and the other readers enjoy this story...It's a drabble length multiple chapter story. I am not sure yet as to the number of chapters but I'll let you know when it gets close to the end... Also I'd like to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this story for me... Disclaimer: I don't own any of the recognized places or characters... Sincerely, Juliet... That's how I signed the letter in front of me instead of \"Sophie\" like I usually would when writing a letter. But I was in the Office of the Juliet Secretaries not in my own home. The letter I answered was from a woman, Kim, who was in love with someone who didn't notice her. She worked with the guy and in her letter mentioned that it wasn't against policy to date a coworker. She just never had a crush like this before and she didn't want to be rejected by the man she cared for. My advice to her was to talk to him. He might have the same feelings as her and been too scared to talk to her or if he really was blind to her he could start to like her once they got to know one another. My best friend's mother had told her that same thing when we were teenagers when she was too afraid to talk to a guy she liked. The advice had paid off and my friend went out on a few dates with him. That relationship didn't work but my friend never forgot what her mother told her and now she is happily married. I really hoped that the advice that was given to my friend could also work for Kim. Placing the letter in the basket to be mailed, I heard the door open. \"I knew that you'd still be here,\" a familiar masculine voice said bringing a smile to my face. I looked up to see my husband of seven months, Charlie, standing in the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest, an amused expression on his face. E/N Next chapter will be up shortly...[Chapter 2] A/N I would like to thank Loki's Only Love for looking over this chapter... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable places or characters... 2. \"I'm almost done. I just want to read this last letter,\" I stated indicating a pinkish envelope in front of me. Charlie walked closer to where I was sitting at the table. \"It's getting late and you are the only one left here in the office. I didn't know that when I took my lovely new wife away for a trip to Italy that I'd hardly see her.\" I noticed that the light in the room had darkened as i gazed lovingly up at him and placed my hand on his chest. \"I've only helped Isabella today and yesterday. You've had me the rest of the time we've been here.\" I smiled to show that I wasn't upset by what he said. He placed his hand on mine and gave it a light squeeze. \"Okay.\" \"Okay?\" I queried. I was expecting more of an argument from my new husband since he was just saying that he hardly saw me. He nodded. \"I know you love,\" he answered simply. Before I could say anything he leaned down and brushed his lips over mine. I tugged his shirt making him come closer so that I could take his lips for a deeper kiss. We both moaned happily at the contact. E/N Chapter 3 will be out next week...[Chapter 3] A/N Here's the third chapter in this story...I hope that you enjoy... I again want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable places or characters... 3. We both leaned back at the same time with goofy grins on our faces. We were still newlyweds after all and according to Claire the first year of marriage was supposed to be filled with kisses and goofy grins. It's inevitable she would say. \"See you later?\" Charlie asked bringing me back to the present. \"Of course.\" He ran his fingers down my arm as he moved to leave making my skin tingle with his touch and left. \"No fair. He touches me like that and leaves,\" I whispered in exasperation to the empty room. As there was no answer, I turned back to the task at hand, picking up the letter that lay before me. On the back of the envelope I saw the name 'Meredith Black' and an address in London. Making sure not to destroy the address, I opened the envelope and took out the letter. Dear Juliet, I left him. He asked me to marry him and I left! I know that it was a foolish thing to do considering I love him but the truth was I was scared. Scared of not being good enough, scared of losing his love, just scared. So I told him that I didn't love him anymore and that I didn't think we would work. He got angry of course and tried to get me to reconsider but I didn't. That was until a few days after. Then I was too scared to go back and apologize. Call it pride if you will Juliet. Now it's been three years and I still love him. I'm scared now that if I go back I would find that he moved on with someone else or worse that he hates me. Please, Juliet, I need your advice. What should I do? Meredith Poor Meredith! To walk away from the man you loved must have been hard! I know considering my past it would be weird to hear me say this let alone think it but not every woman who walked away was like my own mother. At least Meredith seemed to really regret leaving and wanted to do something to remedy what she had done. My mother walked away from me and my father and hadn't looked back since. Thoughts of my mother threatened to pull me into a depressed state so I put the letter down, rolled my head side to side and let out a deep breath to allow myself time to collect my thoughts in a more positive direction like replying to Meredith's letter. Taking a piece of paper and pen, I began with \"Dear...\" Dear Meredith, Relationships are scary. When we enter into a relationship we open ourselves up to another person for scrutiny and hope that they will do the same without throwing our hearts right back at us .Being scared can be a good thing in that it can keep us from dangerous, even life threatening feats but it can also prevent us from experiencing something wonderful. I think that you let your fears of what could happen overrule all the good that the two of you shared and that's why you ran. If you truly regret leaving him then maybe he may regret letting you leave? If you let fear rule your life then you aren't really living. You should take a chance. You may never know where it may lead. Sincerely, Juliet I began folding the letter so I could place it in the envelope but stopped. I unfolded it and added my first name and email address telling her that if she ever needed someone to talk to she could contact me through email. Before I could change my mind, I folded the letter and stuck it in the envelope. After addressing it, I placed it in the basket to be mailed. E/N The next chapter should be up later this week or early next week...[Chapter 4] A/N Here's the fourth chapter in this story...I hope that you enjoy... I again want to thank Loki's Only Love for betaing this... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable places or characters... 4. 5 weeks later The sun had just peeked out from the clouds as I returned home. When I rounded the corner to my street, I noticed a person standing on the sidewalk by my house. Walking closer, I noticed that the person was wearing jeans and a long sleeved dark orange long T-shirt. They also had long dark hair. \"May I help you?\" I called out when I was almost upon them. The person turned revealing herself to be a woman with olive skin and dark eyes. \"Are you Sophie Wyman?\" she asked. \"Yes. Can I help you?\" I answered curiously. \"Oh sorry. I'm Meredith Black. You wrote me a letter as Juliet.\" Her name didn't ring a bell at first but then I remembered the letter I read and replied to weeks ago when Charlie and I were in Italy. \"You did send me that letter didn't you?\" she asked. Her question shook me of my thoughts. \"Yes.\" She sighed relieved. \"Oh good. For a moment there I thought I had the wrong person.\" \"No, it just took me a moment to place your name.\" \"Of course. You must answer thousands of letters so mine was just one…\" she began, a nervous lilt to her voice. I walked closer to her. \"I help the secretaries out sometimes when I'm in Verona but I remember writing the letter. Though that was weeks ago.\" Meredith shivered. \"Oh where are my manners. Would you like to come in?\" \"Yes, please,\" she answered. I went passed her and opened the door using my key. I walked in first and she followed. \"Oh what a lovely place.\" Before I could answer her I heard my name being called. E/N Chapter 5 should be up early next week...[Chapter 5] A/N I'd like to again thank Loki's Only Love for looking this over Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 5. Claire came out from the kitchen holding a red mug. She smiled when she saw me. \"I thought that was you. Charlie said that he wouldn't be home until later…oh we have company.\" \"Um yes…\" I turned to see Meredith with a surprised look. \"This is Meredith Black. Meredith, Claire.\" Claire came over and extended her hand to Meredith. \"It's nice to meet you.\" \"You too,\" Meredith managed. \"Well, come on in,\" she told us both. We obliged, walking further into the house. Claire stopped me in the doorway of the den while I motioned Meredith to continue into it. \"I hope you don't mind that I'm here. I didn't know that you were having a guest.\" \"No.\" and it was the truth. Claire had a key to the house and was a frequent visitor when she was in the area. Neither Charlie nor I minded since we both loved her and cherished her company. \"I didn't know either. I just met Meredith outside a minute ago.\" \"Oh,\" she said. \"Well then, shall we?\" I nodded and walked into the room. Meredith was looking at the photos on the cherry bookshelf. She didn't notice that Claire and I come in so I cleared my throat. She turned around, her cheeks coloring when she saw us. \"I hope that you don't mind,\" she said. \"No,\" I told her earnestly. Something about her put me at ease which was why I had invited her in so easily. \"Is this your husband?\" she asked indicating our wedding picture. \"Yes.\" \"He's handsome.\" \"He is,\" I admitted proudly. \"Can I get you a drink Meredith?\" Claire asked from behind me. \"No thanks, Claire,\" she answered. \"Sophie?\" \"No thanks,\" I answered turning to her. Looking back at my guest I asked, \"Would you like to sit?\" indicating the sofa. \"Okay,\" she answered before walking over to where I indicated and sat. Once Claire and I sat on the sofa opposite her, she said, \"I bet you both are wondering what I'm doing here…\" Claire looked over at me but I was unsure on what to say. Meredith was unaware of my silence as she continued. \"I'm here to ask for your help.\" E/n I hope to have the next chapter up either the end of this week or middle of next week...[Chapter 6] A/N Thanks again to Loki's Only Love for looking this over. Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 6. \"Help with what?\" Claire inquired before I could. Meredith looked us square in the face, her expression serious. \"Getting the love of my life back.\" \"You're taking a chance,\" I proclaimed happily. \"Yes, thanks to you.\" Claire looked between us confused so I told her about reading Meredith's letter and answering it. \"This sounds familiar,\" she noted with a smile once I finished. \"Yeah, but you came on your own accord to Italy to find Lorenzo and I asked to help you, not the other way around.\" \"That's why I tracked you down,\" Meredith cut in. \"I read your story about Claire and the Juliet Secretaries and I wondered if you could be of assistance. The fact that we both live in London seemed like fate wanted us to meet.\" \"How'd you find me?\" I asked very curious to hear her answer. She looked embarrassed. \"Well, I'm good with computers and you left your email address and name on the letter I received so I was able to push a few buttons and get your name. Then all I had to do was use your name to look up your address.\" \"Why didn't you just email me?\" \"I'm not sure. I guess I just thought that my story would be better told face to face.\" \"Oh,\" I said. Claire moved closer to her. \"Would you tell us your story?\" \"Of course, but where should I begin?\" \"Usually its better if you start at the beginning,\" I answered. E/N I expect to post the next chapter Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 7] A/N Thanks again to Loki's Only Love for looking this over. Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 7. \"We met at college.\" \"What's his name?\" Claire asked. \"Jonathan, Jonathan Miller,\" Meredith answered. \"How'd did you two meet?\" \"I was at the campus bookstore at the beginning of my junior year buying books for class. I had just reached for a psychology book when my hand brushed against something warm. I immediately pulled my hand back and turned to see what it was. It turned out to be the hand of the handsomest man I've ever seen. He looked just like Josh Duhamel the actor.\" \"Who?\" Claire questioned. \"He was in the transformer movie,\" I told her. Charlie and I had watched it once. \"Oh was he the young one who was the star?\" Claire asked. \"No, that was Shia Lebeouf. Josh Duhamel was the army captain in the desert.\" She thought for a moment. \"Oh, he was a good looking boy.\" Meredith who was quiet as Claire and I spoke, looked amused. \"Of course, at the time, I had no idea of who Josh Duhamel was but talking to you, that was the easiest way to describe what Jon looked like then. And both the actor and Jon are extremely handsome.\" \"But not as handsome as Charlie,\" I mused half whispering. Claire grinned at me obviously having heard me. \"You're biased.\" \"I know,\" I said laughing. Meredith laughed at my banter with Claire. \"Well, like I said he was handsome. I just stared at him like a goober until he said 'hi'. My mental functions still didn't want to work well so he repeated the greeting in Spanish and French. I don't know why but that made me laugh. He just looked at me like I was nuts. Composing myself, I apologized for laughing. After that we continued talking and I learned his name and in turn gave him mine. He eventually allowed me to take the psych book that we had both reached for and we made a date to see each other the next day.\" \"So you met him the next day?\" I asked. Meredith nodded. \"We met for lunch at the dining hall. We talked about our families and freshmen year at college. He told me that he transferred.\" \"What school did you attend?\" Claire asked. \"The University of Pennsylvania. Anyway, after our first date we decided to make plans to see each other again and soon we were exclusive.\" I didn't know what would happen if I asked about how long they were together but I decided to anyway. She didn't seem perturbed by my question and answered, \"Four years. I was twenty when I met him.\" \"That's a long time,\" mused Claire. \"It is,\" Meredith agreed. \"They were probably some of the happiest years of my life.\" The big question loomed in front of us. Claire, who seemed as interested in Meredith's story as I, was the first to speak. \"So what happened?\" E/N The next chapter will be up next week. Probably Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 8] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over. There's not much going on in this chapter but things get moving in the next few so I hope that you'll forgive me... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 8. Meredith's demeanor changed. While talking about the first meeting with her ex, she seemed animated and happy. Now, she was somber. \"I guess that would be the next logical question.\" \"I'm sorry to ask but your story sounds so wonderful…\" Claire stated sympathetically. \"I guess the trouble started a year or so after we graduated college,\" she began wringing her hands. \"See, Jon had lots of nieces and nephews and he absolutely adored them. He would get this light in his eyes whenever he was near them.\" I wanted to ask why that was a problem. Lots of people adored children. There was only one reason I could think for that being an issue and that would be so heartbreaking! With this in mind, I believed I knew what she was about to say but this was her story and she'd get to it in due course. I looked over at Claire and saw the same expression on her face that I was sure was on mine. I knew that she must have come to the same conclusion. So together we waited to hear the rest of what Meredith was about to say. She was staring at her hands. \"We were still in school when we met so kids never entered into our discussions but now we had degrees and jobs. I knew by the way he interacted with his nieces and nephews that he wanted kids of his own but I knew that was something I could never give him.\" \"Why not?\" I whispered hoping that I was wrong. \"I can't have children.\" E/N i hope to have the next chapter up next week either Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 9] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 9. I was really hoping that I was wrong in my assessment of the problem but I wasn't. Claire was immediately up and sitting next to Meredith. She pulled the girl into her arms for a comforting hug. I crossed over to the other sofa, sat on Meredith's other side, and patted her leg since Claire still held her. Meredith pulled away from Claire's embrace after several moments. \"Now you know why I couldn't let him marry me.\" \"Did you ever think that he wouldn't care?\" I asked. \"If you saw him with children you would know that he would want some of his own,\" Meredith stated stubbornly. \"But if he loved you, which I believe he did shouldn't you have told him and let him decide for himself? You just left without giving him a choice.\" Meredith sighed heavily. \"I know that now and that's why I've come to see you.\" \"What can we do for you?\" Claire asked emphasizing the \"we\". I had no doubt that Claire wanted to help this poor woman as much as I did. \"I want to talk to him if he'll even talk to me that is. I want to apologize for being so stupid. But Jonathan Miller is such a common name so I don't know where to start. Having an email address would help since that's how I found you but the one he had doesn't exist anymore. I know I tried. I'm all out of ideas. Then I remembered reading your story about Claire and her search for Lorenzo. I thought that maybe you could possibly helped me like you helped her.\" She turned to me and looked me straight in the eye. \"Will you help me?\" \"I can certainly try,\" I told her earnestly, knowing that I couldn't refuse her request. \"We will,\" Claire added squeezing her hand. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 10] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over...After all of the heaviness in the last couple of chapters, I decided that a bit of fluff would be nice but it does keep with the story so I hope that you enjoy... Updated 3/24...Winterluna was kind enough to make me realize that I wasn't good at showing Sophie's emotions in this chapter so I hope the additions I made remedy that... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 10. Meredith left soon after giving me her cell phone number so that I could reach her. \"Well, that was something,\" Claire stated once she left. I nodded. \"It was.\" I went to get a drink of water. Upon returning to the den I heard the door open. Before I could do anything else, warm, familiar arms wrapped around my waist as a kiss was placed on my neck. I smiled happy that he was home. I immediately turned around to return the greeting to Charlie by brushing my lips across his. He wasn't satisfied with that so he pulled me closer and deepened our kiss. I wrapped my arms behind his neck to get even closer but a loud throat clearing had me dropping my arms and stepping away from my husband who didn't look happy at being interrupted. I smiled at him thinking that his expression was adorable. \"Should I leave?\" Claire asked teasingly. I blushed at her words, embarrassed that she caught me basically mauling her grandson. But Charlie only grinned sheepishly before turning towards her. \"No, Gran. I'll behave myself for now.\" She laughed at his words. \"Do I get a greeting?\" His hands left my waist as he went over to Claire and kissed her cheek. \"Hello Gran.\" I couldn't help the frown on my face at the loss of contact. \"Hi dear,\" she told him patting his cheek affectionately. \"How was work?\" I asked him. \"Good...\" he started. \"Charlie,\" I said in a tone that showed I knew he wasn't being completely honest. He sighed unhappily. \"The cases I've been given are not great...\" \"How so?\" I asked. \"I knew that when I took the time off for our wedding and honeymoon that they would have to give the cases I hasn't finished and new ones to other lawyers but I thought that by now I would be given back the better cases again.\" I went to him and wrapped my arms around him, resting my head on his shoulder. His hands instinctively wrapped round me to rest on my waist-though a little too close to my behind for comfort considering Claire was still in the room. \"I'm sorry Charlie.\" \"What are you sorry about?\" he asked curiously. \"I'm sorry that your bosses don't see what I see.\" \"And what's that?\" \"That you are a brilliant lawyer who loves what he does and likes to help out people in any way that he can.\" He leaned back before cupping my cheek with one hand and bringing his lips to mine. I savored their taste for a few moments before ending the kiss since I didn't think that Claire would want to see us making out again. \"What do you two ladies think about getting something to eat,\" Charlie suddenly asked clearing his throat. Claire and I both laughed at his choice of timing before agreeing. He must have been a bit uneasy at having his grandmother in the room even though it didn't seem to bother him earlier. \"I bought roast beef, potatoes and vegetables for dinner,\" Claire said. \"We can tell him the story while dinner is baking.\" I could have argued that she was a welcomed guest and that she didn't need to cook but it would have fallen on deaf ears. So I acquiesced to her suggestion but I still told her that I was helping. \"What story?\" Charlie asked looking curious and following us into the kitchen. As I helped Claire get the ingredients out I began telling Charlie about the letter and meeting Meredith with Claire interjecting from time to time to add more details. By the time we finished the story dinner was ready and we were sitting down to eat. \"What can I do to help?\" Charlie asked surprising me. \"Well, first we need to narrow down the number of Jonathan Millers. It's a common name,\" I answered. \"What kind of job does he have?\" Charlie inquired. \"And does he live in London?\" \"I didn't think to ask,\" I admitted to him. \"I guess I just got caught up in her story. Though I am willing to bet that he is in London.\" Claire swallowed her sip of wine. \"Me too.\" \"I'll call her.\" I got up and went to the den to grab my cell phone where I had programmed her number in it earlier when she gave it to me. I found the number and hit send. It rang four times before her voicemail clicked on. I left her a brief message asking her to call me back. Returning to the table, I relayed what happened to Charlie and Claire. \"Maybe she'll call back soon,\" Claire said optimistically. I smiled at her. \"Before she does I should see if there are any more questions that we neglected to ask so that when she does call I can ask them.\" E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday...[Chapter 11] A/N I've decided to post this a day early... Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over.. Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 11. Meredith didn't call back till the next morning as Charlie was getting ready to leave for the office. We agreed to meet in the afternoon since we both had to work. Charlie, who had overheard the conversation, asked if he could join me when I went to meet her. \"Sure,\" I told him. After last night I wasn't surprised that he wanted to go and meet her. He did ask if he could help. He smiled as he came closer and lowered his lips to mine. They tasted sweet like maple syrup. \"Mmmm you taste like maple syrup,\" I told him once we parted, licking my lips. \"You do too,\" he mused contentedly looking at my where my tongue had been. \"Must be from the pancakes we just had.\" \"Most likely,\" I agreed amusedly. I licked my lips again to see what he would do. Normally he would kiss me again. He didn't do what I expected so I took matters into my own hands and wrapped my hand around the back of his head and pulled his lips to mine. Pulling back, I noticed that he had ten minutes to get to work. Deep down inside I yearned to have another day like we had on our honeymoon where we could just do anything or nothing. But we both had things we needed to do so instead I said, \"Have a good day and see you later.\" He pouted at my dismissing him and I kissed him again, letting my tongue caress his lips. \"If you're a good boy maybe I'll make waffles tomorrow morning.\" He licked his lips. \"Sounds good. I'll be back at three.\" \"Okay.\" xxxxxx Charlie and I met Meredith at her flat which was about twenty minutes from ours. She was surprised to see Charlie with me but didn't say anything against him being there. I made a quick introduction and she allowed us inside. Her place was tasteful with colorful paintings and minimalist style furniture. Charlie, ever the gentleman, let me precede him to follow Meredith into the den. \"Please sit,\" she told us motioning to a cream colored sofa. We both did as she asked. \"Do you want anything to drink?\" \"Water, please,\" I answered. Charlie indicated that he wanted the same. Meredith left the room returning a few minutes later with three glasses. She handed one to me and another to Charlie before sitting in a chair facing us. \"I'm glad you called.\" \"I have some questions,\" I told her. \"Okay.\" \"I guess the first thing that I'd like to ask is what does Jon do for a living?\" \"He received a degree in education and was a substitute teacher right after he graduated.\" \"So he's a teacher,\" Charlie inquired. He took my free hand in his and threaded our fingers. \"Not necessarily. He also talked about possibly going to law school.\" Charlie quirked his eyebrow in question. \"Law school?\" I had to admit that law seemed like a one hundred and eighty degree turn from being an educator. \"Yes,\" Meredith answered. \"One of his nieces has a disability and they gave her a hard time when she went to school despite there being laws so he was contemplating becoming a lawyer to help her and others like her.\" There was a sense of pride as she spoke. \"So education or law. We have two areas where we can look for him,\" Charlie stated observably. \"He lives in London doesn't he?\" I asked. I know that it sounded odd for me to ask but I needed to make sure. \"Yes, I learned from a mutual friend of ours that he moved here a year or so after I broke up with him.\" \"Did your friend tell you anything else?\" Charlie queried. E/N The next chapter was just sent to Loki's Only Love so hopefully I'll have it back to post next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 12] A/N I am sorry that this chapter is later than usual...my friend, Loki's Only Love took longer than I had hoped to get back to me...Also I am not from England so I don't know that much about the British school system or British law so please excuse any mistakes I have made regarding these two things. I guess you can say that I am using creative license when it comes to them... Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over.. Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 12. Meredith shook her head. \"Not much. Shauna was always closer to Jon so I guess she felt more loyalty to him than me.\" \"What else did she say?\" I asked. From her tone I doubt that it would have been anything nice. \"Let's just say that she can have a colorful vocabulary when she wants to.\" I frowned and sat up angling my body closer to her. \"I'm sorry Meredith.\" She shook her head. \"Really I think that I deserved much worse than she gave.\" \"No one deserves that,\" Charlie said softly. He was watching Meredith with a sympathetic expression. She tried to smile at him. I knew that he meant what he said since he had once said some unkind words to me with regards to not knowing what loss felt like and was instantly sorry that he had said anything when Claire informed him about my mom. I couldn't help but be moved by his words so I leaned over and kissed his cheek wondering what I did to deserve him. After a few minutes of silence, I decided to bring the subject back around to finding Jon. \"Well, if he went into law to help his niece and others like her like you said then maybe he's a child's advocate lawyer,\" I suggested. \"Possibly. They do have those types of lawyers in England don't they?\" We both looked at Charlie. \"Yes. It's similar to the type of law I practice. But since it has only been three years since you saw him last he could be an intern.\" I was surprised at myself for not thinking of that. I looked over to see if Meredith was thinking along the same lines as me but it didn't appear like it though the wheels were spinning in her head. \"Could Jon work in your office?\" Meredith asked before I could. I was surprised at the turn this conversation was taking. Could Charlie know Jon somehow? Could it really be that easy? Charlie was dumbfounded by her question. I don't think that question occurred to him until she asked. \"There are no Jon's in the group I work with but the firm I work for is large.\" His answer was disappointing. Apparently it wasn't that easy. \"Can we go ask?\" Meredith asked. She seemed both eager to go and nervous. \"Why don't I check the index and see if I can find any Jonathan Millers in it.\" \"Index?\" she asked curiously. \"It's a database with all the lawyers who work at his firm,\" I answered. Charlie had mentioned the index once before and I had asked him what it was. \"I'll check it tomorrow for you. We can only use the index at the office.\" He seemed genuinely sorry that we had to wait. \"Maybe while Charlie does that we can look at other leads,\" I told her with a hopeful lilt to my voice. \"Like what?\" \"Well, you did say he was teacher…\" \"A sub,\" she interjected. \"Okay. Maybe he's still a teacher. Claire has some contacts in the education system I believe.\" As I said the last part I looked at Charlie and he nodded. \"Tomorrow we can see if any Jonathan Millers are teachers.\" \"Okay.\" \"And if that or Charlie's idea doesn't pan out we can look to see if he is a student at one of the universities.\" She seemed confused for a moment then the words that Charlie spoke earlier must have registered. \"That's a good idea.\" With the help of Meredith's answers we had a plan. E/N I expect the next chapter will be up in a week...probably next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 13] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 13. The next day Claire and I met up with Meredith. After leaving her place the previous night, Charlie and I returned home to find Claire talking on the phone with Lorenzo. She ended the call shortly after she saw us and we told her about our time with Meredith. She was delighted to get in touch with her friend and see if she could find anything. We were meeting Claire's friend, Ron, at a primary school just outside of London. Meredith was nervous as we got closer to the school. \"What if it's really him?\" \"Then you just talk to him,\" I answered stepping closer to her to show my support. \"But I can't exactly go up to him and say 'Hi remember me?' to him. I know I talk for a living but even I can't think of a way to begin a conversation.\" \"You talk for a living?\" Claire inquired. \"Yes, I am an auctioneer.\" \"So you talk extremely fast then,\" I mused lightly. She laughed. \"Yeah, I guess I do.\" Laughing seemed to lessen her nerves which was a good thing. But they soon returned so Claire and I tried to lighten the mood by asking her about her job. This seemed to work until we rounded the corner and saw a sandy haired man in a tan suit standing outside the school doors. \"That's Ron,\" Claire told us. We walked together with Meredith in between us to him. When we got close enough I could see that Ron had some gray at his temples. \"Mrs. Wyman, it's nice to see you,\" Ron said affably. \"Ron it's been years since I was your teacher. And I've remarried since then.\" He smiled as he rubbed the back of his head. \"Oh, yeah I read about that. But you'll always be Mrs. Wyman to me.\" Claire smiled back at him. \"May I introduce Mrs. Sophie Hall-Wyman and Ms. Meredith Black? Sophie, Meredith, Mr. Ron Chambers.\" \"You are the woman who wrote the article aren't you?\" Ron asked addressing me and holding out his hand. \"Yes, and I'm Claire's granddaughter-in-law,\" I said shaking his outstretched hand. I was a little taken aback that he addressed me first and not Meredith since she was the reason why we were here. \"None of that in law stuff. She's my granddaughter,\" Claire stated firmly. I smiled affectionately at her. In truth Claire was more of a mother to me and Charlie with him losing his when he was so young and mine disappearing on me when I was nine. Meredith took the initiative and stepped forward to shake his hand next. \"Nice to meet you Mr. Chambers.\" He shook his head as if remembering there was another person present. \"Please call me Ron and it's a pleasure making your acquaintance. Both you ladies. I've heard that you're interested in one of my teachers.\" \"We are,\" I answered. \"Jonathan Miller.\" \"Well, I just might be able to help you. Follow me.\" Ron turned and opened the door motioning for us to go in. Before we took a step I looked over at Meredith and asked, \"Are you ready?\" \"As I'll ever be,\" she replied shakily. \"We're right here with you,\" I told her. \"Right here,\" Claire agreed. Meredith looked between us and tried to grin. \"Thanks.\" Together Claire, Meredith and I entered the school with Ron following. He closed the door making Meredith jump slightly. \"Sorry,\" he said. She gave him a slight nod to show that she wasn't upset and we began walking with Ron leading. The school was three stories with lockers on either side of the hall. the floors were gray. We passed by five classrooms until we stopped at a brown door that was identical to the others except for the number displayed in the middle below a window. \"Wait here,\" Ron said before knocking on the door and entering. We couldn't hear what was being said but minutes later Ron appeared again. A tall man with short brown hair appeared not long after. We could only see his posterior as he was backing out of the classroom. I felt Meredith grab my hand. I squeezed it comfortingly. \"Please look at page fifty while I'm gone,\" the man said in a deep voice. I looked over at Meredith. She was standing as stiff as a board. The door closed and I looked back to the man in front of us. E/N The next chapter was sent to Loki's Only Love so hopefully I'll have it back to post next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 14] A/N My friend has been busy recently so she hasn't given me this chapter back yet but I wanted to post it instead of leaving readers in suspense for much longer so any mistakes are mine...I hope that you enjoy! Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable characters or places... 14. He had blue eyes and a nice smile. \"Hi I'm Jonathan Miller,\" he said upon seeing us and extending his hand. Claire was first to introduce herself. I, again, looked to Meredith. She appeared both relieved and disappointed. \"It's not him,\" she whispered to me before taking his hand and saying hi. I took his hand last and introduced myself. \"Ron said that you wanted to speak to me,\" he stated. \"Um, yes. See my friend here used to know a man by your name and she was interested in finding him,\" I told him. Mr. Miller glanced at Meredith. \"I wish I could be of assistance but this is the first time I have ever met Ms. Black.\" He sounded sincere. \"I'm sorry that we have disturbed you,\" Meredith said genuinely. \"I'm not,\" he replied but looked at Ron sheepishly. Ron just shook his head. \"It's not often that I get to meet such lovely ladies,\" Jonathan added flirtatiously. He picked up Meredith's hand and kissed the back of it. I refrained from shaking my head at his obvious flirting but couldn't help the smile. I turned to see Meredith blushing and smiling at his attentions. Her reaction made me wonder if this was the first time she had ever received attentions such as this before. On the other side of Meredith, Claire looked like she was trying not to chuckle. His gesture and manners were certainly charming and I was curious to know whether his charm worked as well on children that they seemed to with my friend although it wouldn't work quite in the same way. A loud crashing sound came from his classroom making me jump. Neither man appear alarmed. \"Well, I better go see what happened. But if you don't find the man that you're looking for give me a ring.\" Mr. Miller gave us a quick farewell before heading back into the room. \"I hope that nothing really bad happened,\" Meredith told him. I wasn't sure if he heard her or not. Ron did. \"If it was we have insurance,\" he told her. \"But most of the items in our school are unbreakable. It wouldn't be a good idea to something that could potentially harm a child anywhere nearby.\" \"That's very practical,\" I complimented him. He smiled. \"You don't work with children and not have these types of situations.\" Claire nodded in agreement. Knowing that she used to teach children around the same age I was willing to bet that she had witnessed many situations like this before. She had also taken care of Charlie for most of his life and from stories I heard from both her and her grandson I knew that Charlie could be quite rambunctious in his youth. \"I'm sorry that didn't go as planned,\" Ron stated sympathetically. He was looking at Claire more than me or Meredith. We all smiled at him and thanked him for his time. \"If you ever need any more assistance please ring me up,\" he said as he walked us to the door. Once outside I turned to Meredith. \"I'm sorry that wasn't him.\" \"I am disappointed but also a bit relieved.\" \"I saw that in your expression. Why?\" \"I guess part of me hoped that it was him and part of me hoped that it wasn't because I'm scared of what he will say or do if we ever do meet.\" \"Don't be scared, dear,\" Claire said soothingly. I nodded in agreement with Claire. \"Remember what I wrote in your letter?\" She sighed. \"Take a chance.\" \"That's right. You never know what may happen. Look at Claire for instance.\" Claire smiled. \"I found my wonderful Lorenzo.\" She spoke his name lovingly. I wondered if I said Charlie's name the same way. \"You do,\" Claire said to me. I blushed in slight embarrassment. I guess that I said the last part out loud. \"I think it's sweet how you love your husbands,\" Meredith said wistfully. \"Jon would be a fool not to forgive you,\" Claire told her. I agreed with her. Meredith was a nice person who just made a wrong decision. We could all be at fault for making those types of decisions on one or more occasion. For example Claire left Lorenzo when she was fifteen and I went back to Victor when I was already falling in love with Charlie. Claire and I had a chance to right those wrongs and we were both happier in our lives now. Now it was Meredith's chance at a happy ending. \"I wouldn't blame him if he hated me.\" \"No one would dare hate you,\" Claire said adamantly. E/N When I get this chapter back from Loki's Only Love I'll make any necessary changes. I hope to post the next chapter next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 15] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 15. \"So how did it go earlier?\" Charlie was lying on our bed with his arm over his eyes. He had lost his suit jacket somewhere and his white shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His shoes were also dangling off the end of the bed. Sometimes after he arrived home he liked to lay and relax especially if it was a trying day. He often told me that laying there he could just breathe and let his mind unwind. It helped him think clearer when he did so. I tried it once and ended up falling asleep. I picked up his shoes and placed them on the floor. \"How'd you know that it was me?\" \"Gran hardly ever comes in our bedroom.\" \"True,\" I said laying down next to him. He uncovered his eyes and turned his head towards me. \"To answer your question he wasn't the one Meredith is looking for.\" He placed his hand on my cheek and I covered it with my own. \"Was Meredith upset?\" \"Disappointed and relieved were her words,\" I answered before telling him about our experience at the school with Ron and the wrong Jonathan Miller. \"Was he really that charming?\" Charlie inquired. Leave it to my husband to ask about that first. He wasn't the jealous type but he still didn't like other guys trying to charm me. He told me that was his job. Charlie did have some charm. I didn't get to see it at first because he was so against Claire finding Lorenzo, but, as I got to know him better, and we started to fall in love it started coming out. He also used his charm with clients which was one of the reasons why he was such a good lawyer. \"Yes, but he directed it towards Meredith even going on to say that if she didn't find her Jon she could call him.\" \"Good.\" \"Good?\" \"You're my wife,\" Charlie stated succinctly. I nuzzled his palm and kissed it. \"And you're my husband.\" He smiled at me. \"Glad that's cleared up.\" I shook my head at his silliness but we were both at the stage in our marriage where we liked hearing the words 'husband and wife'. We just laid there for several minutes' content to be together when Charlie said, \"I can imagine.\" \"Imagine what?\" \"Her being disappointed yet relieved.\" \"How so?\" \"When Gran was searching for Lorenzo I had so many mixed emotions. I wanted her to be happy but I didn't like her searching for her long lost love. My grandfather was her true love.\" I couldn't help but snort. \"I remember. You were quite verbal with some of your opinions.\" \"And I remember you not letting me get away with anything and having your own words to say back,\" he teased, his lips twitching with amusement. \"But you wouldn't have me any other way,\" I teased back. \"No I wouldn't.\" He turned over so that his whole body was facing me and guided my lips to his. My hands found purchase on his face holding him in place. The kiss began as it usually did sweet and tender but it turned needy. I knew that something was wrong so I ended the kiss and pulled back so I could see him properly. \"What's wrong?\" I asked trying to hold him in place. He knew how to wiggle out of my hold and started kissing down my neck obviously not wanting to answer. \"Seriously what's going on? It can't be that bad.\" He leaned back and ran his hand through his hair. \"I'm just frustrated.\" \"Why?\" I asked trying to tame his now tangled locks. \"Are you still disappointed with the cases you're getting?\" \"I talked to Eric. He told me that my skills were better suited for the types of cases I'm being given.\" Eric was his superior. I met him once. He reminded me of the Charlie I first met; stubborn in his beliefs, arrogant. Charlie could still be stubborn and arrogant at times but he wasn't as bad as when I first met him. \"I'm sure that you'll blow them away and they'll realize what idiots they,\" I told him with conviction. I knew that his frustrations might seem trivial but my husband strived to help those most in need and he felt that he wasn't getting the chance to do that. It was one of the many reasons why I loved him. \"Or they could just be complimenting you.\" His brow furrowed. \"How's that?' I kissed him again. \"They know that you are a skilled attorney and that you'll blow away the rest of the guys you work with so by giving you the cases they are they are allowing the rest of your colleagues a chance to learn a thing or two before they bring you the bigger cases again. Does that make any sense?\" He smiled for the first time since I came in the room so I take that he did understand what I was saying. \"What did I do to deserve you?\" His tone was reverent as he spoke, his fingers caressing my face; cheek, chin, and lips. I kissed his index finger as it passed along my lips not knowing how to respond since I had often asked the same question about him. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 16] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 16. We stayed up in our bedroom just relaxing for a while after we talked. Maybe relaxing wasn't the best term to use but our time together after we talked did relieve us of any stress we had thus leaving us relaxed. At least Charlie was in a better mood when we went downstairs after dressing in gray sweats and a red t-shirt for him and black yoga pants and a pink t-shirt for me. The door opened as I came to the last step and Claire walked in. She was carrying a large sack that looked like it was from the local market. \"Do you need any help?\" I asked. Charlie looked like he wanted to ask the same thing. \"Hi,\" she said when she saw us. If she noticed anything about the way we were dressed, she didn't say anything. We weren't usually dressed so casually at this time of day and our hair must have looked like a mess since I had been running my hands through Charlie's hair and vice versa. \"No, I'm fine.\" She hastened to the kitchen before either Charlie or I could move to take the sack. We quickly followed her and started helping her put things away. I put away the eggs and milk that she had and Charlie placed things in the cabinets that were hard for his grandmother to reach. It took only a few trips and we were finished. \"So did you find anything at work today Charlie?\" Claire asked once everything was put away. It took me a minute to realize what she was asking. I felt bad for not having asked but I had other things on my mind. So had my husband for that matter. Claire must have misinterpreted my expression because she said, \"Do you already know?\" I shook off any guilt I felt. \"Um no.\" \"We were um distracted,\" Charlie admitted, blushing a little. \"Yeah we were,\" I added, my own cheeks heating up. In fact, my lips were still a little numb from all of Charlie's kisses. That's not the only place his lips went but to acknowledge any of this in front of his grandmother would have been awkward hence my red stained cheeks. Even thinking of it felt strange. If Charlie and I had been alone I might have still turned red thinking of our earlier activities but my husband probably have just kissed me before taking me upstairs again. He did however give me a quick look that made it apparent that he wished that we were alone to resume our earlier activities before turning his attention back to Claire. Seeing our blushes, Claire must had realized what our distraction had been since she smiled. \"Oh I see.\" I doubt that she was surprised since our newlywed status practically begged for us to spend a great amount of time together in the bedroom. \"Actually I did find an intern named Jonathan Miller.\" I turned my head so fast I almost got whiplash. \"You did?\" Charlie came closer frowning. \"Are you okay?\" I rubbed my neck self-consciously. \"Um yeah. You were saying that you found a Jonathan Miller…\" He didn't answer at first just came even closer removing my hand and touched my neck checking to see if I was really okay. Neither one of us like to see the other in pain. \"I'm really okay. Just shouldn't have turned so quickly,\" I told him covering his hand with mine. His worry didn't dissipate. \"Go sit. I'll go get the ice pack,\" he said. Seeing as I was closest to the refrigerator he'd have to pass by me to get there. He gently made his way around me and opened the freezer. We had a side by side refrigerator/freezer so he did so handily and grabbed a towel to wrap the ice up in. I sat and he placed it tenderly on my neck. \"So um you said something about an intern?\" I asked stuttering a bit. His hand was still on my neck, his warmth sending delicious tingles down my spine at the same time that the ice was cooling my skin. It was an interesting combination. One that I had never experienced before. He kissed me once before removing his hand. It must have been cold. I would have taken it and warmed his hand between mine but I was holding the ice pack. \"Yes, I did,\" he answered. Claire walked over and asked, \"Are you okay darling?\" \"Yes, Charlie didn't need to get the ice,\" I told them as I grabbed the ice, taking it off my neck. Charlie frowned so I leaned into him in hope that my action would reassure him of my being okay. He pulled away looked at my neck and seemingly satisfied that my head wasn't going to fall off or anything pulled me back to him. \"Don't leave us in suspense, Charlie,\" Claire stated. So Charlie told us how he had found an intern in the Child's Advocates Office. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 17] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 17. A few days later I stood along with Meredith outside of Charlie's law firm. She was looking up at the twenty-story glass building nervously. \"Are you okay?\" I asked her hoping that she didn't let her nerves ratchet up any higher than they already were. She nodded unconvincingly. \"Don't worry Meredith, you'll have me and Sophie there right by your side like last time,\" Claire said coming to stand next to her. She gave her a weak smile. \"Thank you, Claire...and you too Sophie,\" she added turning to me. I went up to her and gently squeezed her arm comfortingly. \"And Charlie will be there.\" In fact, Charlie arranged an impromptu meeting with Jonathan Miller, intern. I didn't know exactly what he had planned or how he was going to make sure that Mr. Miller was around for us to meet him but I knew that if anyone could pull a meeting like this off he could. \"Okay take a deep breath,\" Claire said taking Meredith's arm. I moved closer and as a united front we entered the building. The only thing that he had told me was to tell anyone who asked that we were there to meet him for lunch. I knew that he worked on the seventeenth floor but we needed visitor's passes so we went up to the front desk. Luckily I recognized the young red haired woman working at the desk. We had met a couple times before when I had come to see Charlie. \"Hi Sophie,\" she said casually when we approached the desk. I wasn't surprised at the greeting since I had asked her to call me by my first name. \"Hi Jessica,\" I greeted back. \"We would like passes to seventeen.\" \"Going to get your man and go to lunch?\" she asked. She was British but her use of an American phrase made me want to giggle. I nodded my head in answer. She smiled and handed me three passes. I clipped one to my shirt and handed the other two to Meredith and Claire. We thanked Jessica and headed to the elevators. I watched Meredith trying to gauge how bad her nerves were as we walked. I'm okay Sophie,\" she said with a sigh bringing me out of my thoughts. She had apparently caught me watching her so I gave her an apologetic smile. \"Of course you are dear,\" Claire stated. \"I have a feeling today will be a good day,\" she added confidently. I hoped for Meredith's sake that she was right. I didn't want my friend to be disappointed again. As we walked to the elevator Meredith started asking questions that she said she had been remiss in asking before. I think talking helped her nerves. It did when we visited the school so when she inquired more about how Charlie and I met, about our adventures to Italy and our wedding I answered her as well as I could even questions that weren't in the article which she had read. Some things were just too personal to me and I didn't want the world to know about them. I, in turn, asked about her experiences with the country. We reached the elevators. As the doors closed and Claire pushed the button for seventeen, Meredith said, \"Italy is beautiful. I remember going there on a vacation with my parents when I was a child. Jon and I talked about maybe going there someday but things happen…\" \"What made you go to Verona?\" I asked. \"The Secretaries of Juliet,\" she answered. \"I read about them in a book I found in the library, and yes I am one of those people that still go to the library.\" I smiled. \"I do too.\" Meredith smiled back. \"I don't doubt that. Anyway, I read about how these women answered all of these letters from people around the world and I wondered if maybe one of them could give me advice.\" She turned to me and took my hand in hers. \"And it worked.\" \"So you flew all the way to Italy for advice?\" Claire asked. I am ashamed to admit that I had forgotten she was there. She had been so quiet. She shrugged. \"I didn't really think anything of it. I was interested in getting some advice from an impartial person. If I went to Shauna she would have told me to forget Jon.\" \"That's the friend who was closer to your ex,\" I said. She nodded. \"Good thing we don't share her opinion.\" Meredith grinned. \"The funny thing is that I knew Shauna before Jon met her. I think the reason why she is so loyal to him is because she's had a crush on him ever since she met him.\" \"That's awful,\" Claire said shaking her head. I had to agree. \"Did you know for a fact those were her feelings?\" I asked. \"It was just my opinion. I mean Jon was handsome and nice guy.\" \"I'm sure he still is,\" I told her. I could see that all this talk about Shauna and Jon were starting to make her nervous again so I decided to ask a neutral question. \"Are you from Pennsylvania?\" Meredith looked at me like I'd lost my mind. I shrugged. \"Just making conversation.\" She rolled her eyes a little but answered, \"No, I was born in Virginia. You?\" \"New York State,\" I answered. And so we talked about our respective pasts with Claire adding her two cents when she had visited a place we spoke of until the elevator doors opened. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 18] A/N I decided to post this a day earlier than I was expecting... Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 18. We got off on Charlie's floor and headed toward his office space. He had a small office with a sturdy wooden desk. A computer sat atop it. Bookshelves of the same material lined the back wall filled with various law books. Charlie was sitting behind his desk dressed in a dark blue suit, his face obscured by a papers in his hand. I knocked once on the door to gain his attention since he couldn't see us and he quickly looked at us. Upon seeing that it was the three of us he placed the papers on his desk. Standing, he came over and gave me a quick kiss before kissing Claire on the cheek. Meredith looked a bit uncomfortable but ever since we became a couple that was how Charlie liked to greet me. I quite liked it to be honest. And he always kissed his grandmother on the cheek. It stemmed back to when he was a boy. Before Meredith could become anymore uncomfortable he turned shyly and greeted her. She smiled at him. \"Hi Charlie.\" \"I can see that you are nervous. Don't be. I have everything worked out,\" he said addressing her. She took a breath and let it out slowly. \"You do?\" \"Yes.\" \"He's always been good at formulating a plan,\" Claire chimed in. \"Except when it came to Sophie.\" He nodded. \"If someone had told me that the woman whose letter resulted in my spending time on what seemed like a wild goose chase would become my wife I'd thought they were crazy.\" I kissed his cheek. \"You weren't in my plans either but destiny had other ideas.\" \"Well, yes, destiny does have a way with things doesn't it,\" he said, his words flush with emotions. Meredith made a small noise effectively getting our attention. \"What's the plan?\" she asked. I wanted to know the answer myself. He had been vague on that part when he had spoken about finding an intern named Jonathan Miller. \"In one of my cases there is an issue concerning a minor of the client so I called down to the child advocates department for some information and they are sending someone up. I have it on good authority that the intern Jon Miller is the one coming up.\" \"How?\" Claire inquired. \"A friend,\" he simply answered. \"Emily\" I guessed. Charlie had mentioned that name before on occasion when he spoke of his job. Curious, I had asked him about her. He had seemed amused by my asking and at first that angered me because I couldn't understand his amusement. I wasn't normally a jealous person but like with Charlie a few days ago with the other Mr. Miller and his charm, I was unhappy with how he spoke of her. Of course, that only lasted until he told me that Emily was forty years old and happily married with two kids. He also told me that she reminded him of Claire. I met her at our wedding and she did have the same energy that Claire gave off and I liked her instantly. By his expression he had not expected me to guess like I did though I don't think he was surprised that I knew who he meant. \"It was Emily,\" he confirmed. I knew it. I think that she thought of him as a little brother and she wanted to help him in any way that she could. She even tried to set him up with her niece once before we had gotten together because she thought he looked too sad. But that hadn't worked because by that time he was already in love with me. Of course, she hadn't known it at the time but when he came back from Claire's wedding looking happier she knew that something was up. He had eventually told her about me and invited her to our wedding. She was extremely happy for us. Meredith glanced at the door. \"Is he coming up now?\" Charlie nodded. \"He should be here any minute.\" \"Shall we sit?\" Claire suggested. Meredith decided to stay standing stating that she would probably just fidget if she sat. Claire took a seat. I went to stand by Meredith hoping that by doing so it would help ease her nerves. The wall that we were against afforded is a view of the door but hid us from the sight of anyone at the door until they entered the office. Someone, probably Mr. Miller, knocked on the door not a minute later. Meredith took a deep breath next to me. \"Come in,\" Charlie told him. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 19] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 19. A man walked into the room. He wore light gray dress pants and a white shirt. Flaxen waves the same color as mine topped his head and a mustache the same color graced his upper lip. \"Charlie,\" he said succinctly going straight to Charlie and handing him a manila folder. \"Thank you,\" my husband said to him. Mr. Miller went to turn when he noticed Claire. He then searched the rest of the room and saw Meredith and me. He appeared disgruntled but tried to rearrange his expression upon seeing us. It didn't work too well. \"Ladies,\" he greeted in a tone that he probably considered congenial but sounded a bit off to me. There was probably a good reason why he was disgruntled but he would never be a good lawyer if he couldn't separate his personal feelings from his job and be more professional. He was also being rude by not introducing himself. \"Hi, I'm Sophie Hall- Wyman,\" I stated emphasizing my last name hoping that he would connect my last name to Charlie's. My husband's sapphire eyes turned my way with a look that made me want to melt. He loved it when I used his last name when introducing myself. I saw when the connection had been made. His mouth opened a bit. Charlie had a few pictures behind his chair. Some were of us together and a couple with Claire in them. In one she was standing with her late husband, Jack, and in another she was with Lorenzo. I thought I saw his eyes dart to the pictures before turning back to me and Meredith. I'm Jonathan Miller,\" he said after a moment probably trying to redeem himself. I acknowledged that I had heard him and introduced Meredith. When I went to introduce Claire she smiled politely at him and offered her hand. He took it and gave it a shake. \"Nice to meet you.\" He said trying to recover some manners. \"But I have to get back. Maybe we'll see each other again.\" He then addressed Charlie by saying, \" if you need anything else just call\" and left the way he came. \"Well, I don't see a bright future for him as a lawyer,\" I said once he departed. \"His manners were deplorable,\" Claire said in agreement. She glanced at Meredith who was standing quietly next to me. \"Of course if he was your Jon then I'm sure he has changed and could improve upon them.\" Meredith shook her head. \"I don't know who that was but he's not my Jon as you call him.\" I was actually glad to hear that since I couldn't see how she could be with anyone who was rude. \"I'm sorry he was the wrong guy again,\" Charlie told her. \"Maybe it's just not meant to be.\" \"I don't believe that,\" I told her fiercely. \"He's out there. We just have to keep looking. I am just sorry that we haven't found him yet.\" \"Don't be. The three of you have done so much for me.\" \"We're not going to give up until we find him.\" I was confident that we would indeed find Meredith's Jon. \"Maybe it's a sign that it's too late,\" Meredith intoned sadly basically repeating what she had just said. \"I don't believe that. We still haven't looked at the possibility that he is a student at a university.\" Meredith considered my words for a moment. \"But there are multiple universities around.\" \"There are ways to find out if he goes to one,\" Charlie chimed in. \"We can look into that this afternoon,\" I told her. \"So do you still want to go to lunch?\" Meredith inquired apparently wanting to change the subject. \"Are you sure you're up to it?\" Claire asked. She nodded. \"Plus it wouldn't be right to blow our cover.\" I chuckled. We did come here on the pretense of going to lunch with Charlie. \"Are you both okay with lunch?\" I said looking at my husband and Claire. \"Of course,\" Claire answered as Charlie said, \"Yes\". E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 20] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 20. We headed to a deli style place for lunch not too far from Charlie's office. We refrained from talking about Jon instead talking about random stuff such as our favorite places in London, some of Meredith's favorite items that she's auctioned off and stories about Ron when he was Claire's student. We had a great time just eating and relaxing. After lunch Charlie grabbed a taxi because he had to go back to his office. Claire was meeting a friend across town so she also grabbed a taxi leaving Meredith and I alone in front of the restaurant. We didn't see any more taxis on the street so we decided to walk to the nearest tube station. \"So during lunch Charlie called you 'love '\" Meredith stated. I smiled thinking that her question was really random but I wanted to keep things light and happy as well as Meredith apparently did. \"He did. He started calling me that after our first official date.\" I didn't know if my next question would dampen the mood but I was curious. \"Did Jon have any nicknames or terms of endearment for you?\" Her expression surprisingly didn't falter. \"He called me Merry and sweetheart.\" She had a tender smile as she spoke. She must have liked it when he called her by those names. I knew that when Charlie called me 'love' my insides tended to turn to mush so I could relate. \"Charlie also calls me Soph but not that often. Mostly now my friends call me that,\" I added as an afterthought. \"Can I call you that?\" \"Of course. We are friends after all.\" \"You know with that accent of his it makes his endearment sound even better,\" Meredith stated. I laughed. \"They don't have sayings about guys with accents for nothing.\" She laughed too. \"I do like an accent but I think my favorite sound was Jon's laugh. He had one of those laughs that comes from deep within you know?\" I did know. Charlie laughed the same way. She laughed again. \"I see from your expression that you do know.\" A moment later her expression changed. \"The case Charlie said that he works on involved a child, didn't it?\" I nodded interested to know why she was asking. \"He used the justification of needing information about a minor to get the Jonathan that we just met to his office.\" She stopped. \"Do you think that my Jon could be involved with it somehow?\" I stopped next to her. \"That hadn't crossed my mind but I guess that's possible especially if he's working for the other party in that case.\" \"That could be…\" she stated. \"Or maybe he's involved in the case but not as a lawyer.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Maybe the child is his,\" she suggested sadly. Charlie never did say the age of the child. It would've gone against his professional ethics to do so since we had no official part in the case and he could get in trouble for divulging details to unauthorized persons, even his wife. I saw that Meredith's latest words had darkened the previously light atmosphere so I said, \"Or maybe he really is an associate at the other firm.\" \"Maybe…\" As I opened my mouth to ask her why these sudden questions I saw that a Dalmatian was running towards us its leash dragging behind it. The dog came to a stop in front of Meredith. \"What a pretty dog,\" she cooed leaning down and scratching the dogs back. \"Yes,\" I agreed petting the Dalmatian. \"He/she must have a name,\" I continued. Meredith reached for the dogs' dark collar from which the leash was attached. \"Merida!\" A male voice called from a distance. Meredith froze. Concerned, I inquired, \"What's wrong?\" \"That voice,\" she managed to barely whisper. I only caught the words because I was standing near her. E/N We are coming down to the end of our story...at the moment I am thinking maybe five more chapters...anyways t he next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 21] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over...This chapter was hard to write since I don't usually write this type of interaction so I hope that you like it... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 21. \"Merida!\" The voice called again. This time it sounded closer. Soon a man in black track shorts and a gray long sleeved t-shirt jogged up to us though his eyes were on the dog. \"There you are girl,\" he said kneeling so he could reach her. As he petted and spoke to Merida I watched him. He had longish brown hair, athletic build, and a slight tan darkening his skin. He had scruff on his chin and cheeks as well. When he finally stood holding the leash tight in his right hand he seemed to notice me and Meredith standing there. His eyes were dark and surrounded by black frames as he looked up. Upon seeing Meredith his pupils widened and his body stiffened. \"Merry?\" he stammered blinking his eyes several times. \"Jon,\" Meredith replied in an astonished tone. He just stood there stunned. Meredith just stood there staring back, neither knowing what to do next. \"Hi, I'm Sophie,\" I said hoping that by speaking it would get my companions out of the stupor they were presently in. It worked sort of. Jon didn't respond to me. Instead he asked Meredith, \"What are you doing here?!\" His tone was half incredulous, half angry. The incredulous part I understood. They hadn't seen each other in three years. The angry could have stemmed from her leaving him but I wasn't entirely sure. His tone must have jarred Meredith out of her stupor because she asked, \"What am I doing here? What are you doing here?\" \"Looking for Merida.\" His voice was still weak and full of disbelief but the anger dissipated. \"I was going to walk her but she got outside before I had the chance to stop her or grab her leash.\" I was surprised that he answered her. Even more Meredith asked another question. \"So you live nearby?\" \"Um about seven blocks that way,\" he answered by rote pointing behind him. He put his hand back down to his side and looked at it. After he finished answering her, he looked down at Merida and his feet probably uncertain as what to do or say next. \"I'm sorry,\" Meredith said after a few minutes of silence. He raised his head so fast that I was taken aback. Even Meredith took a step back. \"What?!\" His expression was one of surprise and maybe a bit of anger again. I think Meredith was equally surprised by his reaction. She took a few deep breaths probably gathering the courage to apologize again. \"I'm sorry,\" she repeated. \"For what?\" His voice was unsure. \"For leaving,\" she answered. \"Leaving?\" he asked stupidly. She nodded looking at me nervously. I gave her an encouraging smile. At least he hadn't run away or anything yet. Merida must have sensed that her best friend was upset because she sat right next to him and nudged his hand with her head. He absentmindedly scratched her fur. He must have seen how nervous she was for his expression softened and he sighed before wiping his face. \"You had every right to leave me.\" She looked at him perplexed. \"I did?\" \"What was it you said to me...\" he stroked his stubble, \"Ah yes, that you didn't love me anymore. I had no choice but to just let you go after that. I…I…couldn't keep you from finding love.\" Meredith gaped at him for several moments before saying, \"I lied…\" \"Lied?\" he asked probably looking for more explanation. She nodded. I stepped closer sensing that she might need more support. She acknowledged my presence and I could see that she appreciated it. She clenched and unclenched her hand before telling him, \"I did and still love you.\" \"You love me?\" He was flabbergasted. \"Yes.\" I wasn't sure he meant to but a small smile played on his lips but only for a moment before it fell and he asked, \"But if you still love me why did you say you didn't?\" \"I was scared. Scared because I can't give you the one thing that would make you happy.\" You made me happy,\" he stated confused. She had tears in her eyes. \"You made me happy too.\" Jon furrowed his brow in confusion. \"Then why were you scared?\" \"Because….\" \"You can tell me,\" he told her softly. She took a deep breath seemingly steeling herself. Maybe she was thinking about what I had wrote in the letter to her but the courage she showed earlier came back. She took one last breath and told him, \"Because I can't have children.\" She let the words out quickly probably before she lost her nerve. E/N The next chapter should be up next Monday or Tuesday...[Chapter 22] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 22. Jon took a step towards her but stopped short of taking another. He opened his mouth to speak but closed it again. He repeated the same actions again before settling upon saying, \"Why didn't you just tell me?\" \"You love kids. I know that we never really discussed having any but I could tell that you want them and I thought that you'd be disappointed or resentful because I can never give that to you.\" \"Didn't it ever occur to you that there are other ways?\" \"But they wouldn't be yours.\" I could hear her voice waver. \"Yes they would. Just because you don't share any DNA doesn't mean that you aren't family.\" Meredith's eyes were moist from tears. I don't think she ever thought that he'd be so understanding about this. Her fears clouded her judgment. Merida looked between Jon and Meredith. The Dalmatian nudged him closer to Meredith. I covered a laugh thinking that Merida was smart. Jon patted the dog's head never taking his eyes off Meredith. \"Was that the only reason you broke up with me?\" He sounded hurt. \"Yes,\" Meredith answered a mixture of emotions evident in her voice and in her expression. Jon reached out and tucked a piece of Meredith's hair behind her ears surprising both me and Meredith. By the way Jon tugged his hand back he was equally as surprised. \"Um I should get going,\" he said stuttered. \"Oh,\" she said. \"Okay.\" Jon took a firmer hold on Merida's leash and with one last glance at Meredith he turned, walking back the way he came. Meredith watched him until he had crossed the street then turned to me. \"That was...um...\" \"Unexpected?\" I queried. She nodded \"Definitely.\" \"Are you ok?\" I asked looking her straight in the eye so she could see my concern. \"I'm not sure yet,\" she answered earnestly. She let her gaze drift in the direction where Jon had gone. \"Do you want to find someplace to sit or something?\" I asked because I didn't want her to collapse or anything though she looked like she wasn't. But I wasn't a doctor. \"No, let's just go.\" \"Okay.\" We headed to the tube station and caught the next available train. Meredith was quiet but that was to be suspected after what just happened. I don't think she had processed everything that happened yet. Heck there were still a hundred questions in my head and I wasn't the one that just saw my ex after three years. I was lost in thought that Meredith's voice jarred me. I turned to her and asked her to repeat what she said. \"Did you know that Merida is a place in Mexico?\" I shook my head. \"I found it once on the Internet when Jon and I were researching vacation sites for Spring Break.\" \"I wonder why he'd name his dog that,\" I wondered aloud. She shrugged and lapped back into silence. A few minutes before my stop I asked her if she wanted to come home with me. I thought that maybe she could use the company but she declined my offer. \"Are you sure?\" I asked unsure. \"I am.\" I looked at her for a moment to gauge if she was all right. She sat taller in a way to make herself seem more assured. I decided against asking her again. Instead I told her, \"Call me if you need anything.\" When the train stopped I gave her a quick hug and told her that I'd talk to her later. On the way home questions swirled in my mind but the most important one was- What will happen now? E/N I am still working on the next chapter and I will get it out as soon as I can...[Chapter 23] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over...I am sorry for the delay but this chapter gave me a bit of writer's block... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 23. When I arrived home the house was empty. Since the house was so quiet I decided to get a little work done especially since I've neglected it while helping Meredith. Currently I worked for one of the newspapers answering questions about love under a nom de plume. It was similar to writing letters like I had Claire and Meredith under the guise of Juliet. I also freelanced from time to time. I set my purse down on the closest chair in the den and went to grab my laptop. Settling down on the couch I set about writing hoping that by focusing my attention on work I could maybe give my mind a break from analyzing what happened earlier. Claire arrived home a couple of hours after me and found me sitting in the same spot just staring at my computer. I hadn't written a word. The events of Meredith's encounter with Jon were at the forefront of my mind preventing me from concentrating on anything else. I kept wondering if there was anything else I could of done to help my friend. I think she could tell that something happened after lunch because she asked, \"Is anything wrong?\" I closed the laptop and told her about the encounter with the real Jon. \"I wish that I could've been there for Meredith,\" she said after I finished. \"I know. But it was so unexpected to see him.\" She nodded. \"Was there anything else I could of done?\" I asked quietly unsure if I was even heard. Claire did hear me. \"No, we've done what we set out to do. Now it's up to Meredith and Jon.\" \"Are you sure?\" She sat down next to me and gently squeezed my shoulder. \"I'm sure. So now what happens?\" \"I'm not sure. He didn't leave his address or anything. Actually he was pretty shocked. I was surprised that he could speak at all!\" \"But you know where he lives don't you?\" \"Approximately. But there are probably at least a dozen houses on his street and I don't think stalking him would be a good idea,\" I said making my tone light at the end of the sentence. Claire smiled. \"No, it wouldn't.\" Before I could respond we heard the front door open and close. Charlie entered the den a couple minutes later sans jacket. Upon seeing him I immediately got up from where I was sitting and went to greet him pressing my lips to his and enveloping him in an embrace. He wrapped his arms around me in return as his lips brushed against mine but he didn't linger like he normally did. Instead he pulled away with a boyish grin to his face. \"I have some news,\" he informed us. \"So do I…\" I told him. He motioned for me to go first so I told him about the encounter Meredith and I had with her ex-boyfriend. \"So you really met the Jon?\" he asked. \"Yes.\" \"Wow.\" This response made me smile. There was a time when he thought that words such as \"wow\" or \"amazing\" were pedestrian but since we've been together I've noticed that he has started to use them once in a while. His grin grew bigger at my expression. \"You enjoy my usage of the word do you?\" I nodded laughing. \"Who'd thought that Mr. Prim and Proper would ever use the word wow?\" \"Hey I'm not always prim and proper.\" \"Says you,\" I retorted. His breath was warm on my ear as he huskily whispered, \"You want me to take you into the bedroom and show you how prim and proper I am?\" My body shivered and my cheeks heated at his suggestive tone. \"Charlie, what's your news?\" Claire asked preventing my body from reacting anymore and my mind from having lascivious thoughts. It took a minute for Charlie to compose himself. Guess our thoughts were on the same page. \"\"There was a meeting this afternoon after I got back to the office concerning the case that I was talking about before. When our client came in for the meeting she wasn't alone. She was with a man...\" Before he could say another word I thought I knew where he was going. \"... He introduced himself as Jonathan Miller.\" \"How is he connected to the case?\" \"He's our client's brother.\" \"Brother!?\" Claire exclaimed before I could. \"What did he look like?\" I asked hoping that it was the same guy I had met earlier. \"Brown hair, glasses….exactly like the Jonathan you described you met earlier,\" he answered. \"And before you ask because I know you,\" he added, \"this was the first time that I've met him. The other two times I've met her the client had come alone.\" \"Will you get in trouble for telling us this?\" I didn't want him getting into any problems with his boss. He shook his head no. \"I haven't revealed the client's name or details about the case except that there's a child involved so I think that it'll be fine.\" \"So now what?\" Claire inquired. \"Well, I have his address and I gave it to Meredith.\" E/N I am still working on the next chapter and I will get it out as soon as I can...[Chapter 24] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over...I am sorry for the delay. I'm hoping the next one doesn't take as long to finish... Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 24. After Charlie had told us that he gave Jon's address to Meredith, I jumped and stared at him in surprise and disbelief. It was something that I wouldn't have guessed that he would do. I looked over at Claire but she was just smiling. Charlie, though, didn't seem overly shocked by our reactions. \"How'd you get her number?\" I asked. \"Gran gave it to me. I called you first but you didn't answer.\" \"Oh, sorry. I was completely in a daze after getting home. Seeing Meredith's ex was something I couldn't have imagined happening. Well, not like that,\" I admitted. Now I knew why Claire wasn't surprised by Charlie's declaration. She had known about it. He took my hand in his and steered me to the couch. I sat down and he sat next to me. \"And how did you imagine it?\" I had to think about an answer. He just watched me. I'm sure Claire was watching me too but I paid her little attention. \"Um, he'd ride up on a white horse and whisk her away?\" Both he and Claire chuckled. \"That's what Lorenzo did with Gran.\" \"He'd fall off a vine after declaring his love for her while she stood on a balcony?\" He smiled softly. \"That was us, love.\" I returned his smile. \"Our declarations were quite memorable.\" \"Yes they were,\" Charlie replied with a faraway look. I knew that he was thinking about that day. \"How did you imagine Meredith and Jon's meeting?\" Claire inquired curiously. \"I guess I just hoped that he'd accept her apology and take her in his arms telling her that he was an idiot for allowing her to leave and not going after her before declaring that now that he had her he wasn't ever going to let her go again.\" Charlie pulled me to him and gave me a soft, lingering kiss. \"You're such a romantic.\" \"And you love me,\" I teased. \"I do,\" he answered kissing me again. A week later... \"I'm going to see him.\" I didn't need to ask who Meredith was talking about when she spoke yet I found it somewhat amusing that those were the first words from her mouth when I had answered my cell phone. \"Hello to you too,\" I told her. Even though I couldn't see her, I knew that she was probably flushing in embarrassment. \"Oh I'm sorry Sophie. Hi.\" \"So you're really going to see Jon?\" The only response I heard was a swishing sound on the other end of the line like she was nodding. A small snort at her second faux pas of this conversation. She seemed to realize that I couldn't in fact see her and answered in the affirmative. \"What day are you going? Claire and I can be there whenever you need us.\" \"That's sweet of you but this is something that I need to do myself.\" \"Are you sure?\" There was a hint of doubt in her voice so I needed to make sure that she was all right with her decision. I would be there in a heartbeat if she wanted me there. I knew Claire would be as well. Having more confidence in her voice she answered, \"Yes.\" \"Well, call me or Claire if you change your mind or if you need anything.\" \"I will, thanks.\" With that answer Meredith had ended the call. I had called her to see how she was doing and if she had wanted to meet for lunch or something. We had spoken a few times since I left her on the train but she hadn't really acknowledged that Charlie had given her Jon's address. She had spoken to Claire as well but to my knowledge they spoke of different topics but stayed away from the topic of Jon. Today was the first day that she had said anything about it or seeing Jon again. Their first encounter near the restaurant had been shocking and had brought out a ray of emotions which wasn't surprising given the timing and their history. I knew that she did want to see Jon again. She loved him. But she needed time to recover from seeing him again after years and think about her next actions. She was still scared but I think his reaction to her telling him her big secret went a long way to making her more confident. And he needed to see past the hurt she had caused and decide to give her a second chance. Within time I knew that these two would work things out. After all taking chances can lead to wonderful rewards...I should know and we both have Juliet to thank…[Chapter 25] A/N Again thanks to Loki's Only Love for looking this over...I am sorry for the delay. It seems like forever since I last posted. There is one more chapter left and I hope to have it done soon. Thanks for sticking with me! Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... 25. Epilogue Part 1 One year later… \"We're getting married!\" Meredith's exclamation made me almost drop my laptop. I hadn't realized that she was here. I carefully placed my computer on the table in front of me and went straight to the foyer where I thought her voice was coming from. Once there I saw Claire hugging Meredith and Jon. When Meredith saw me she pulled away from Claire and practically floated over to me. \"Jon asked me to marry him,\" she said happily hugging me. \"I'm so happy for you,\" I told her returning the hug. When Meredith bravely went to Jon's house that day months ago they had ended up talking for hours and she had asked him for a second chance. They soon started dating again, taking it slow. Both still had wounded hearts that needed time to heal. Knowing how much they cared for each other, I knew that I'd be hearing these words. Once everyone was settled in the den with refreshments Claire looked around with a twinkle in her eye. \"You know Meredith and Jon's journey would make for a wonderful story.\" Honestly, I never thought about writing their story like I had Claire and Lorenzo's but obviously Claire had. The more I thought about it the more it seemed like a good idea. \"I would be honored if you would write our story,\" Meredith stated sincerely. Jon knew that I was a writer. We had officially met after they had started dating again. His silence was irking. \"Are you okay with this? I'll only do it if I have your permission.\" He looked at Meredith who nodded. \"I'm okay with it.\" \"So that's that I suppose,\" Claire stated happy with this turn. \"Will it be difficult to remember everything?\" Meredith asked. \"It has been a year.\" \"No,\" I answered truthfully. \"Though I do have some questions.\" \"Okay,\" Jon answered hesitantly before Meredith could. \"How did you pick the name Merida for your dog?\" He looked baffled while Claire laughed. Meredith smiled. I don't recall if she ever told me so I thought why not ask now. \"Um…well one time we were looking at places to go on Spring Break and Merry was researching Mexico. She came upon a town named Merida…\" \"I told him that the town sounded more like a female name than a town,\" Meredith added. \"And that stuck with me. And when it came time to name my new Dalmatian, Merida popped into my mind and seemed perfect.\" \"I asked because it's not a name I've heard before,\" I admitted shrugging my shoulders. \"And I was curious.\" \"You're curious by nature,\" Meredith said jovially. She was right. \"Okay what's your next question?\" Jon asked. He didn't appear as uncertain since I asked the first question. \"How'd you propose?\" Meredith smiled. \"Well, the first time was more cliché with the dinner and kneeling on one knee. This time we were getting ready to watch a DVD at my place when all of a sudden he says 'Marry me.'\" Jon was smiling at her adoringly. \"Suffice it to say she was not expecting that. Heck I wasn't planning on proposing right then and there either.\" \"But she said yes,\" Claire stated. \"I said yes,\" Meredith said kissing Jon's cheek. He leaned over and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. Before I could ask another question Charlie walked in. \"Man I'm knackered.\" Realizing that we had guests his cheeks turned a bit red. I went up and kissed him on the lips but pulled away before it became too heated. \"Go sit, I'll get you something to drink.\" I heard Meredith and Jon both greet him as I walked into the kitchen. I'm sure Claire did as well. Lately he has been tired. After handling Jon's sister's case, which was a custody case and ended six months ago, he started another case which was similar. And he had more cases than just the one that he was working on. I grabbed a glass and filled it with soda hoping that the caffeine would prevent him from falling asleep while we had guests. They would understand if he did but I don't think that Charlie would like to fall asleep in the middle of a conversation. My husband was sitting where I had been when I returned. Jon was saying that his sister had taken his nephew shopping for Halloween. Charlie thanked me as I handed him the glass before sitting in the empty seat next to him. \"But isn't Halloween weeks away?\" I asked him once I was settled. \"Yes, but she likes to get an early start on things.\" \"So do you have any more questions?\" Meredith asked addressing me. \"Any wedding plans yet?\" Claire asked. \"Nothing concrete yet but we both want a small wedding,\" Meredith answered. \"Just us, a few close friends and family,\" Jon added. Meredith turned to me. \"Soph, I don't think that Jon and I would be where we are today if it weren't for you. Would you be my maid of honor?\" \"I'd be honored.\" She next turned to Claire. \"Would you be my matron of honor?\" She smiled. \"Of course, I'd be honored.\" Jon was next to speak. He asked Charlie to be a groomsman. They had become friends in the last year with my husband helping Jon's sister to us being friends with Meredith and hanging out together. Claire and I asked a few more questions about wedding ideas but soon Jon and Meredith had to leave. One month later their story was published in the New Yorker and three months later I stood beside her as they exchanged heartfelt vows.[Chapter 26] Disclaimer: I own none of the recognizable names or characters... Chapter 26 Epilogue part 2 \"Is this where the Juliet Secretaries work?\" a male voice inquired. I looked up and found a man and a woman standing in the doorway. They were casually dressed. The man wore jeans and a t-shirt, the woman khaki shorts and a halter top sporting Yoda on it. His dark skin and hair was the opposite of her light skin and red hair. Isabella, who was also sitting at the desk reading a letter when they walked in, looked up as well. \"Yes,\" she answered. \"My name is Isabella can I help you?\" \"We are looking for the person who answered my letter,\" the woman told her while glancing between the both of us. Isabella took the letter she was holding and scanned it. \"This doesn't seem familiar but maybe Sophie here wrote it.\" She handed me the letter and I started reading… Dear Kim, It's natural to not want to feel rejection from anyone, especially one we have a crush on. My advice would be to just talk to him. You never know. He might be shy or unsure about talking to you or asking you out as well. I only know what you've told me but his lack of interest in other women is probably a positive indicator. Who knows if you watch him when he's not looking maybe he does the same? So just talk to him. It might lead to a happy ending. Sincerely, Juliet I saw that they were all watching me. \"I wrote this letter.\" Kim and her companion both smiled at this. \"I'm so happy to hear that. I'm Kim Stewart and this is my husband Cole Stewart. Cole kissed her cheek when she finished speaking. \"Congratulations!\" both Isabella and I told the couple. \"Thanks,\" Kim answered looking sweetly at Cole before returning her gaze to me. \"I'm Sophie,\" I told them. \"It's so nice to meet you! I didn't know if we'd get to! Cole thought that there was a good chance.\" He leaned in and kissed her. \"I'm glad that I was right.\" \"How long have you been married?\" Isabella inquired. \"Two months,\" Kim answered. \"But we haven't had the chance to go on our honeymoon until now.\" \"And she wanted to come to Italy,\" Cole interjected. \"Well, Italy is beautiful and I always wanted to come here. I also wanted to meet the woman who gave me the push I needed to talk to one man who's made me the happiest woman in the world.\" \"All I did was answer your letter,\" I intoned. \"I appreciated your bluntness.\" Isabella's mother, Angelina, came in before anyone could speak another word. She was cooking something that smelled delicious in the kitchen. \"Everyone sit. I'll bring out something to eat. I made shrimp and linguine.\" \"I'm allergic to shrimp,\" Kim told her regrettably. \"Don't worry. I'll just fix you up some linguine without the shrimp.\" \"Oh you don't have to go through that trouble.\" \"No trouble,\" Angelina said bustling back in the kitchen before Kim could say anything else. Since Isabella was acting as hostess, I let her direct Kim and Cole to some chairs as I cleaned their spot from the detritus on the table. After they sat Isabella and I followed suit. Several minutes later, Angelina came in with plates of food and placed them in front of us. She left but soon returned with glasses and a bottle of wine. \"White okay with everyone?\" We all nodded and she filled our glasses. \"Join us,\" Cole told her. I could tell that she wanted to say no but after some prodding by Kim she acquiesced. \"So how'd you two meet?\" Isabella inquired. She had not read Kim's letter so she knew nothing about them. Neither did Angelina. \"We met at the restaurant where we work,\" Kim answered. \"I'm the hostess and he's the bartender.\" \"Where's the restaurant?\" I asked curious. \"Not far from Duke University in North Carolina,\" she stated. \"Ah so you're American like our dear Sophie.\" This from Angelina. \"Where are you from?\" Cole inquired. \"New York City.\" We started eating talking a little about the states and how different Italy was. We quickly moved onto when Kim first approached Cole. \"I was so nervous. I probably seemed like a bumbling idiot.\" \"You were adorable,\" Cole interjected kissing her temple. She rolled her eyes playfully. \"I wasn't. Not really. We were the last to leave one night like two weeks after I had received your letter and from somewhere deep inside I heard a voice say 'go for it ' so I did. \" \"When I saw her coming over she seemed like she was talking to herself. I didn't know what to think but when she stopped in front of me and said my name her voice was a mere whisper. I don't know how she managed to get the words out but she told me about a Star Wars movie marathon at a local theater and asked if I wanted to attend with her.\" \"I honestly thought that you'd say no,\" Kim admitted. \"But I'm glad that you didn't.\" She kissed him. He looked at her adoring. \"I wouldn't have said no.\" I smiled at them though I was caught a little off guard at her having asked him out. I would've thought that by her letter that Cole would've been the one asking and I told them. \"I was thinking about wanting to see him outside of work and the words just slipped out,\" Kim admitted shrugging. Cole placed his arm around her shoulder holding her close. \"If she didn't I would have asked her out.\" The way she was looking at him was enough to make anyone blush so I decided to change the subject. \"Is Yoda your favorite character?\" \"Yes, how do you know?\" she asked looking at me. \"You're wearing a Yoda shirt sweetheart,\" Cole told her in a tender voice. Her cheeks turned crimson. \"Oh, yeah right.\" He let out a light chuckle. \"Yes, he is her favorite. She's seen Star Wars what must have been a million times.\" \"I happen to love Star Wars thank you very much.\" Cole nuzzled her hair. \"I know.\" \"So where were you married?\" I asked. \"We had a backyard wedding,\" Kim answered recovering from any embarrassment she felt. Isabella started asking questions and I couldn't help but wonder what would've happened if she hadn't written the letter. Would they have gotten together without it? But then I realized that they were here and happy. All thanks to a letter signed Sincerely, Juliet… A/N I am so sad that this story is complete. I may do an outtake in the future but otherwise this is it. I want to thank all my readers for reading and Loki's Only Love for looking this whole thing over for me. I also want to thank Winterluna for reviewing and pointing out some things that I previously missed. ","Summary":" A/N Happy Birthday H6p8gv...I hope that you and the other readers enjoy this story...It's a drabble"}]