[{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Long Shot","Author":"BlueXXRose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7131893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi! Alright, this fic was up under my cousin's name a couple of years back, and I'm adopting it and bringing it back, because frankly, I'm bored, and was just inspired since I watched Cheetah Girls the other day. Bigger summary: AU placed between the first and second movie and pushes the second movie later on. What if fame got to the Cheetahs' heads once more and they went back to Jackal? He still wants them under his label three months after Toto's rescue, and they agree to work with him. They're smarter this time around. Jackal has to work with their requirements or lose them. He agrees, but there's one thing he didn't count on- Dorinda's oldest foster sister keeping an eye on things to make sure he's not messing with them again. Will fame threaten to tear the Cheetahs apart again? Growing up is in store for each and every one of them, whether they like it or not. GalleriaDerek, JackalOC. Rated for occasional language and some not-at-all-explicit innuendo. \"No! Absolutely not! Do you remember what happened last time with that leech of a man?\" Dorothea Garibaldi demanded of her daughter Galleria as the two of them walked back into their New York City apartment. \"Mom, it's been three months! He saw what we're really about and wants that! He's signed so many more people for their real talent lately! This could be our big break! Please?\" Galleria protested. \"That's what you said last time…\" Dorothea pointed out. \"We're smarter this time, Mom. We won't walk into any crazy schemes. No masks, no lip syncing, just us.\" Dorothea frowned again, then looked to the side, remembering something. \"Hold on… didn't Dorinda's older sister take an entertainment marketing class a while back?\" Galleria shrugged. Dorothea took a moment, then nodded. \"She did. I remember her telling us when she picked up Dorinda not too long ago.\" \"Your point being?\" Galleria asked. Dorothea squared her shoulders. \"Fine… you can meet with him… only if Taylor can accompany you girls. I trust that young woman. I do not trust him. I'd like her to be there to be there this time- to keep an eye on him, his tactics… his hands-\" \"Mom!\" Galleria shrieked. \"What? Those are my demands for you girls to do this- and be in a public place, no less. Fine, call him. I do trust you girls, no matter what you think. You just need to grow up a bit. Go ahead, talk to him, but if he pulls something again… this time I will say I told you so.\" Galleria squealed. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you! You won't regret this!\" She replied, running off. Dorothea sighed. \"I already do.\" Taylor Quinn looked back at the large rock jutting out of the ground from the bench she was sitting on in Central Park. She was freezing, just sitting there drawing. However, she should've seen that coming, wearing thin jeans, a low-cut long sleeve shirt and a leather jacket at the end of Fall. She put down her sketch of the rock and the trees in the background and zipped up her jacket. \"Not bad. Were you an art major?\" Taylor jumped at the unexpected voice almost right next to her ear and turned around sharply. The owner, a tall, thin man with reddish brown hair and obnoxious blue sunglasses offered a sheepish smile. \"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you.\" Taylor, who had spent all her life in the city and was no stranger to possible creeps, she arched an eyebrow. Not to mention the guy looked sleazy, between the hair, sunglasses and… she didn't want to get started with the clothes. He looked like he was trying way too hard to look like someone big. Then, there was the sleaziest bit of information yet- he was no longer checking out her sketch, but her herself. The man smirked. \"Not a creep. I promise. I don't look familiar?\" Taylor scoffed, then looked around, making sure that there were plenty of people around if something went down. \"No…?\" The man extended his hand. \"Jackal Johnson, Def Duck Records.\" Taylor tried not to burst out laughing. This was the guy that her foster sister and her friends were trying to go to for a record deal? This was the guy who practically screwed them over? Oh, that was rich. She offered what she hoped looked like a genuine smile and turned around. \"Then I'm supposed to see you, actually. I'm- OOF!\" She stumbled when something collided with her side, and if she hadn't recognized the voice that called her nickname, she would've elbowed her potential attacker quickly. \"TAILS!\" Taylor laughed, then bent down further so Dorinda could get down from her current spot on her older sister's back. \"Hey, Do,\" She looked over at Dorinda's friends, who were walking up a few feet away. \"Hi Aqua, Chanel, Galleria!\" She waved. \"Hey, Girl!\" The others called. Jackal turned to her, and, as she could practically see coming, pushed his glasses down and tilted his head down to get a better look at her. That is, her chest. She wondered if he knew she was onto him. \"So, you're Big Sister Cheetah, huh?\" \"Mm hm. Enlisted to make sure you behave with this latest deal of yours.\" Taylor replied, crossing her arms over her chest. \"Taylor Quinn, at your service.\" Jackal outstretched his hand. \"Pleasure to meet you, Sweetheart.\" Now she couldn't fight the sort. \"Don't even go there, pal. I'm here to make sure no funny business goes on.\" \"Hey hey hey, easy. I'm just being friendly. That's how we wanna start this off- on the right foot, huh?\" He looked at the teenagers, who smiled uneasily. He sighed. \"Alright, let's get this over with, huh? I know you guys aren't happy with me, so let's just get down to business so we can all relax and get you on the way back to getting international stardom.\" None of the others looked too convinced. Jackal sighed, then tossed one arm around Taylor and the other around Galleria, not noticing Taylor raise an eyebrow at his arm, then give him an 'are you kidding?' look. \"Come on, let's go sit down and get somethin' drawn up. There's a reason we're not in the office, ya know?\" And so it began. They worked up a contract that worked in the girls' favor. To the girls' surprise, Jackal didn't pull any tricks. He was interested in the Cheetah Girls. There was no mention of Global Get Down or any other 'new, in demand' group. He worked with the girls' school schedules. All seemed well, and before they knew it, they were scheduling a meeting for the following weekend about hearing some of the girls' other songs. The girls parted ways from the two adults, leaving the two of them alone. Taylor started fishing around in her messenger bag for her phone, trying to ignore the walking ego beside her. Jackal leaned over. \"So, is Sister Cheetah satisfied?\" Taylor glared at him. \"A, don't call me that. B, my eyes aren't on my chest, they're a fair bit higher up, and you better be looking me in the eye right now. C, on one condition…\" Jackal shrugged. \"Name it… and I don't do sexual favors… much…\" He winked. Taylor narrowed her eyes and scoffed. \"The condition was a verbal contract of our own- under the table business-wise, and we don't tell the girls. Here it is- start off this whole thing with a two month trial. If you try anything to exploit my girls in any way, or you pull some crap in the next two months… we're all done. The contract goes bye bye, and I take your ass to court if come need be. Agreed?\" Jackal put his hands up. \"Fine by me, Sis-\" Taylor set him with a glare that he finally caught on to. \"Ahem- Miss. Quinn.\" Taylor smiled and nodded a farewell before turning to go to the corner, where a couple of taxis were lining up. \"Hey, Miss. Quinn, ya know, that's way too formal for my kinda business partners. Taylor, right?\" Taylor turned back to him, getting less and less convinced by the moment that he was the kind of man who took himself seriously. \" 'Business partner'? and yes, Taylor.\" Jackal shrugged. \"You oversaw that whole thing with the girls, and you and I just made a contract all our own.\" He smiled at her, and she figured he was going for a charming vibe. That certainly didn't go with the rest of his appearance at the moment, in her opinion. The young woman didn't have a response for that. She offered another weak smile, then turned back towards the taxis again. \"Ah ah ah, you didn't let me finish.\" Taylor flinched and turned back. \"What?\" She didn't want to know what the people around them who were looking their way were thinking, seeing the two of them like that. \"What's up?\" Jackal smirked. \"My business partners travel in style with me, Taylor. Come on.\" He nodded towards the block parallel to the one she was headed for. Taylor looked around. \"…Where?\" She looked around, then wanted to slap her forehead when she saw a large, white, stretch limo that had two lines of blue and purple neon lights bordering the bottom of the doors and windows. Jackal snapped his fingers and pointed at it. \"My ride,\" Taylor stared, then laughed. \"No, I'm good.\" Jackal waved his hand. \"Come on. I told you I'm not a creep. This isn't some trick. You're a gorgeous girl and you deserve a gorgeous ride, not some hideous yellow… thing. Just tell the driver where you wanna go.\" Taylor sighed. \"Seriously?\" Jackal motioned at it again. \"Come on, Partner. I'm really trying to win you guys over, here. I feel bad. Let me start making it up to you guys.\" \"It's not me you need to work things out with. It's them. I don't know you.\" \"Then get to know me. Come with the girls next week. You're their mothers' eyes and ears, right? It helps everyone.\" Taylor flinched again. He was a wheeler dealer. There was no saying no to him. \"Fine, whatever. I have weekends off, anyway. See you then.\" She turned back towards the taxis, only to see they had all been taken. Now it was a fifteen block walk, or a ride in the most ridiculous limo she had seen, with a man she had just met who she was convinced was sexist. While the rational part of her was screaming it was a bad idea, she was starting to like the limo with a stranger better. Jacak rolled his eyes and tossed his head back. \"Come on. I'll hand over one of the bottles in the mini bar as a weapon if it makes you feel better.\" Taylor sighed. \"Ugh. Fine. Whatever. And I don't need the bottle. I have a Swiss army knife in my bag.\" She pushed past him and towards the limo, then stopped. \"Oh, and by the way- not part of the contract or anything, if you hurt them in any way… I'll decapitate you or kill you and hide the evidence. Got it?\" She started walking again, and he followed behind. Jackal mock-saluted her. \"Got it, Chica.\" \"Don't call me that, either. Taylor works.\" She shot back. \" Got it… Tay, maybe? Please? Come on, Taylor's so… blah.\" Jackal made a face. They reached the limo, and she practically yanked the door open. \"Are you gonna keep being this difficult?\" \"Are you?\" Jackal countered with a smile, watching her get in. Taylor poked her head out of the limo. \"When it comes to watching out for those girls? Hell yes,\" She went back in. Jackal looked to the side, pressing the tip of his tongue to the inside of his right cheek. She was going to be more of a challenge than Galleria's mother. He could just tell. He chuckled. Well, he always did enjoy challenges. ","Summary":" A/N: Hi! Alright, this fic was up under my cousin's name a couple of years back, and I'm adopting i"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Real: Cheetah Girls Style","Author":"MarineGalaxy1216","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12443687","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the cast of the reality show The Real , nor do I own guest appearances of Kiely Williams and Sabrina Bryan, though I do own the plot, the characters Ethan, Mackenzie, Chloe and Jordan. Warning: This is a femslash, so if you don't like then don't read. Kiely will be married to a guy named Marcus Jones, while Sabrina and Adrienne are together. Sabrina Bryan is the name she had originally went by, but she dropped her first name of Reba, changed it to Sabrina added Marie as her middle name and has a new last name. Also Tamar will not be in this, set after she left the show. General POV The four co-hosts all sat around their table ready waiting for the show to begin. Tamera Mowry-Housley sat to the far left, dressed in a black summer dress with a white blazer thrown over the top and white wedges. She was currently observing her fellow co-host and former Disney Channel star Adrienne Bailon, dressed in a skin-tight red sleeveless dress a white leather jacket on top and white heels, gaze down at her phone with a blush adorning her tanned cheeks and her full bottom lip stuck between her teeth. Tamera's face was contorted into a curious expression intrigued as to what could have made the normally fiery Latina blush like a schoolgirl with a crush. As the director announced the start of the show Tamera lost focus on the current situation, but would constantly glance in the other women's direction to see if her expression would return to the one it had previously been stuck on. Loni Love who sat between Tamera and Jeannie Mai, who was dressed in a fitted purple dress and grey heels, while Loni was dressed in black dress pants and a fitted yellow shirt and yellow heels, didn't miss the look Tamera was constantly throwing Adrienne who was oblivious to it due to the constant buzzing of her iPhone. Jeannie Mai was being distracted by the buzzing of Adrienne's phone had finally had enough, so she snatched the phone off the table, even as Adrienne frantically reached for it, and passed it down to Tamera who unlocked it and looked at the messages that were so important to Adrienne that they were causing her to not pay attention to Girl Chat. As she unlocked the phone, Adrienne allowed her head to fall to the table with a resounding thud and her caramel colored curls to hide her heating face, already knowing what Tamera was going to find on her phone. Tamera's POV I snatched the phone out of Loni's firm grip and typed in Adrienne's password, which happens to be her birthday 10-24-83, and watch as her messages pop up from her previous conversation, all of which is to and from the contact Mi Amor 3. The conversation started at 8:03 this morning and was entertaining and sweet to say the least. From Mi Amor, From Adrienne 8:03 am, ~ Hello love, I miss you already and so do two little monsters. They want to see you. They say hello. I want to see you soo badly, every second away from you is like torture. Hope to see you soon. 8:08 am, ~Hi mi amor, I miss you too. Give the monsters kisses for me and tell them I'll see them later. I really want to see you too and I understand the feeling. I want you back in my arms. Come by at lunch and we'll spend time in my dressing room before I have to go back out. 8:15 am, ~I will, and they know, they just love you like crazy, like I do. I want to be there too, and okay, but we can't get caught, they can't know until you're ready. Just know that I love you with everything in me and I'll spend the rest of my life proving that to you. 8:23 am: ~I know, I love you and them too. And I know we can't but I'm basically ready to tell them I am tired of hiding things from my friends, they deserve to know and you deserve to know I am not ashamed of you or us. You don't have to prove that to me, you did that when you married me. 8:27 am, ~ Then tell them love; you know I support whatever decision you make. I know you aren't ashamed you have proved that time and time again you just weren't ready. Marrying you was the best decision I ever made, I love everything about being married to you. I'm on my way over there, by the way. I can tell you're ready to tell them. 8:40 am, ~Babe I'm here, with the monsters, where do you want us to go? 8:50am, ~Adrienne? 8:57 am, ~I'm guessing your show just started; let me know if you want to tell them. The monsters and I are waiting by the side behind the wall if you want them to know. \"Adrienne, who is Mi Amor saved in your phone? And why are they saying you two are married and who are the monsters you two keep referring to? Also, why are they waiting right back stage for some announcement for you to make?\" I question. After I finish the question her head shoots up, causing her curls to go flying behind her and settle on her back in a mess of ringlets. Her hazel eyes go wide and glance in the direction of backstage, showing she knows who is back there. She tries to snatch her phone back, but it chirps just before she can, so I drag my hand away from her grasp and read the text. \"Adrienne, your mi amor said to tell them the truth that if they are your real friends they will not judge you and will love you no matter what. Tell them who I am, then come back here and get the one of the monsters so we can introduce them, and then tell them the rest of the news.\" I recite to her, and watch as she smiles in the direction of backstage and nods her head. \"They're right you know. I've known you for almost 15 years and think of you as a sister I would never judge you. Besides I was there when you started dating Sa-\" I cut myself off as my eyes widen and I realize just exactly who this is. Adrienne sees my reaction and confirms my realization with a small smile and a gentle nod of her head. I walk over to her and give her a tight hug to show I still support her and am proud of what her life has become, she buries her head in my neck and squeezes just as tight to show her gratitude. Loni and Jeannie both look on in confusion, as does the rest of the audience, who I forgot were even there. Adrienne sees the confused looks and pulls back; she sits down again and begins to explain my sudden epiphany, the messages and our hug. Adrienne's POV I take a deep breath and then let it out. This is what I have been hiding for the past 16 years, though being married for only two. I smile knowing that Sabrina is just around the corner with my two babies, waiting with them for me to come and get them and to finally meet everyone. \"Okay, there is something I have to tell you all, though Tamera already knows because she was there whenever I started to date this individual 16 years ago when I was only 18. I married my spouse two years ago on the day I turned 32.\" I begin and then smile at the shock I see on everyone's face except Tamera's. \"Wait if you two have been together for 14 years by this time, why did you wait so long to get married?\" Loni asks. \"Because…\" I sigh as I take a deep breath, \"Because I could only get married two years ago in a court of law. It was only legalized two years ago.\" I breathe out. \"Wait you mean you're ga-\" Jeannie hesitates as her eyes widen in realization. \"Yes I am gay. I married my former band and cast mate Sabrina Bryan, now Sabrina Marie Bailon.\" I confirm with a nod of my head. Everyone's reactions were immediate, Tamera's face stretches into a smile so big it looks almost painful, while Loni and Jeannie just sit there dumfounded. \"That's not all there are three people I want you to meet properly, and then we have some other news to tell you.\" I state as I get up to walk to backstage to get my wife and two beautiful children. When I get to backstage the first thing I immediately notice is Sabrina. She looks absolutely gorgeous in her tight deep blue figure hugging dress and silver heels. Her long blonde hair was left down today and hangs at her waist in a flurry of golden pale ringlets. Her ocean blue eyes are bright when they see me approach. On her right hip sits our daughter Mackenzie Raven Kiely Bailon, dressed in white overalls over a red short sleeved shirt and miniature white dance shoes Sabrina insisted we buy for her. Her curly brown hair curls around her ears and her eyelids cover her gorgeous blue eyes. Clutched in Sabrina's left hand is a small tanned hand connected to an equally small body. My son, Ethan Lucas Bailon, he is wearing a light blue button up shirt tucked into a pair of khaki pants and black Nike Airs adorn his little feet, his hair was left in its naturally blonde curly mess that hangs down to the bottom of his ears covering his hazel eyes that match mine. I walk over to Sabrina and gently pull her into a searing kiss. We stand there for a few seconds moving our lips in tandem with each other, before we pull back and I drop to my knees to hug my little boy. He grins when he sees me and immediately launches himself into my open arms. I pepper kisses all over his face before I pull back to grab Mackenzie, the only one I'm still allowed to carry now. I gently shift her in my arms so that her head is cradled in the crook of my arm and her legs hang over the other. She shifts in her sleep before she opens her eyes to look at me, but instead of crying like she usually does she just snuggles closer to me and gazes up at me in wonder. I look up to see Sabrina grab Ethan and settle him on her hip before reaching a hand out to me. I shift one arm so that one is free while the other is supporting her little body. I grasp Sabrina's hand and tangle my fingers with hers before I lead her back onto the stage. When we get back into view everyone turns to look at us, the crowd immediately starts freaking out while Tamera, Jeannie, and Loni cover their mouths with their hands and get teary eyed. Sabrina sits in the chair next to mine that was provided by the one of the crewman and sits Ethan in her lap. I sit down in my original seat and sit Mackenzie up so that my abdomen supports her back and my breasts cradle her head. I grab the hand that Sabrina didn't have wrapped around Ethan, lace our fingers together and rest them on the table. General POV Everyone watched as Adrienne lead the woman who was made famous by the Cheetah Girls, then Sabrina Bryan, now Sabrina Bailon, to the table. In her right arm was a little girl no older than six months old, the crook of Adrienne's elbow supported her head while her body was supported along her arm, her hand resting on her butt and the little girls feet hanging down against her momma's stomach. Her tanned left hand was tangled with a milky white one belonging to Sabrina who had a little boy rested on her hip, her arm wrapped around his waist and his head resting on her shoulder. After the family was seated one by one questions were asked and answered by the couple and the rest of the co-hosts. \"Who are these two adorable little kids? And who is the gorgeous woman sitting next to you?\" Loni asked with a gentle smile. \"Well, this is Sabrina Marie Bailon, my wife. The little boy in her lap is our son, Ethan Lucas Bailon and he is three years old. The little girl in my lap is our daughter Mackenzie Raven Kiely Bailon and she is six months old.\" Adrienne answers back with pride and love in her voice. All nod to this statement, but then Jeannie asks a question that all were wondering. \"So…who carried who? And did you use a donor or what?\" She asks excitedly. \"I carried Ethan and Adrienne carried Mackenzie. No we didn't use a donor, we used this experimental test created in England, which is where the doctors take some bone marrow from one of us and turn it into a type of sperm that can get you pregnant. So doctors took bone marrow from Adrienne and injected it into me and I got pregnant with Ethan, then they took bone marrow from me and implanted it into Adrienne and got her pregnant with Mackenzie. That way they are both biologically ours and no one else's.\" Sabrina answers. \"Can you explain to everyone else how you two got together and first met since no one else knows except for me and you two?\" Tamera asks. The two women nod and Adrienne is about to begin before being stopped by a small tanned hand slapping the table to get his mommy's attention. \"Mami, they have to tell us who they are. Mommy says it's not nice and sacwy to talk to stwangews.\" Ethan says pulling on his mami's jacket sleeve. Adrienne just sits there shocked before turning her attention to her wife who was looking at her with an amused expression on her face. \"Only our son would call me out on national tv and take his mommy's side.\" Adrienne says incredulously. Everyone just laughed while Sabrina nodded her head and ruffled the little boys' curls. \"Alright midget, this is Jeannie, Loni and aunt Tamera.\" Adrienne says teasingly to the boy. \"You mean she's my aunt like aunt Kiely, aunt Raven or aunt Claudette?\" Ethan asks innocently. \"Yeah buddy, just like that.\" Adrienne answers sweetly to her son. He doesn't respond he just smiles and then turns so his front is pressed against Sabrina's abdomen and his head buried in her chest. She looks down at him as he wiggles around in her lap and then runs her hand over his back once he is settled. \"Okay anyways Sabrina and I met on the audition to our movie the Cheetah Girls. We both had to do the same scene with each other's characters and we both got there at the same time so the directors decided we were just going to do the scene together to test our chemistry. I had already figured out I was gay when I turned 12 around the time I joined 3LW, and was instantly attracted to her physically. Sabrina later told me that she was attracted to me instantly too, and has known she was gay since she was 13. Anyways we had to do an emotional scene, so we got into character and we started crying and talking. At the end of our monologue I had to grab her and pull her to me into a hug, as I hugged her I felt an instant spark and knew she had to be mine.\" Adrienne explains, but then lets Sabrina pick up where she left off. \"Yes I was attracted to her from the beginning and after that scene it felt like something shifted so whenever we were left alone together we would heavily flirt with each other, but when we were around people it would be the side glance kind of thing and letting our hands linger on arms or stomachs too long if we were passing each other or helping each other with choreography. That was definitely my favorite thing, I was the fastest to pick up the dances while Adrienne here, ever the perfectionist, took a little longer than everyone else so they would send me over to help her and I would let my hands linger on her abdomen or hips a little too long.\" Sabrina sheepishly admits while Adrienne sits there with a smug smile on her face. Sabrina happened to look to her right at that moment and saw her expression and immediately knew what she was thinking. \"Oh my god! Adrienne! You totally did that on purpose just so I would get to touch you, didn't you?!\" She exclaims. \"Yes I did, I have always thought you were incredibly gorgeous and I wanted to know if you liked me or not. By the way your fingers would constantly graze my skin and the way your eyes were glued to my hips whenever my pants would slide down when I danced I knew you did, so I tried to amp up my flirting. I purposely wore clothes I knew would provoke you, like jeans that would sit low on my hips and show my v, and crop tops that would show my flat stomach, your eyes were always locked on my body I knew you liked it so I kept doing it.\" She admits with not an ounce of shame in her voice. Sabrina wasn't even surprised that is something Adrienne would do in a heartbeat, she is also one to go after whatever she wanted and not stop until that person was hers. \"I'm not surprised nor am I mad, I loved looking at your body it is gorgeous. She was the one who finally asked me out and it was in a hilarious way. We were on the set for the first Cheetah Girls movie, which was filmed in Toronto, Canada, and Kyle Schmid who played Derek, Galleria's love interest, kept hitting on me. Adrienne watched him hit on me for about four days before she finally had enough, she stormed over to the both of us and squeezed her little 4'11 self between us. She then pushed Kyle out of the way, turned back to me and pulled me down into the most amazing kiss. When we finally came up for air Adrienne declared loudly that she wanted me and she knew I wanted her so what were we going to do about it. All I could do was stand there blushing so she reached up, brushed her lips against mine one more time and declared that we were together and people needed to stop hitting on us. All I did was laugh before I grabbed her hand and pulled her into my trailer, and lets just say we were lucky we didn't have anymore scenes that day. After that day we were inseparable, but we made sure to let everyone know that we were NOT ready to come out to the press so our relationship was to stay incredibly private.\" Sabrina says. \"After that we started to date, we dated through all three movies and haven't broken up once. We fell in love and have been that way since.\" She continued. Everyone sat there silently absorbing the story and wondering how they kept it a secret for so long without the press finding out. Loni, Jeannie, and Tamera knew that after today this was going to be all over every magazine and reality tv show, because how often is it that two people in Hollywood keep their relationship a secret for almost twenty years all while having two kids. But what everyone was the most curious about was what the other news was, Loni was the one to snap first and ask. \"That was an amazing story. I am so proud and happy for the both of you. You two deserve to be happy. But I am curious as to what the other news is?\" Loni states/asks. \"Thank you. We really appreciate that. The other news is…\"Adrienne says and then pauses looking at Sabrina for confirmation. She just kisses her forehead as an answer and allows her to continue. \"Well we have two separate things, the first is that…um I'm pregnant again. About twelve weeks to be exact, I have just wore a lot of jackets to hide my baby bump. We found out we are having another little girl and we've already picked out a name. Her name will be Chloe Elizabeth Bailon. And the second, well why doesn't Kiely come out here and let you meet him.\" As she finishes the girls all get up to rush at Adrienne but are quick to halt when Sabrina stops them with her hand and gestures to Mackenzie, who is sleeping against her mothers chest. One by one Tamera, Loni and Jeannie come over to Adrienne and Sabrina and gently hug them both, keeping in mind the two sleeping children in their laps, and quietly express their congratulations. Once everyone is seated again Kiely Williams, who was already supposed to come onto the show, came out with a surprising guest to everyone except Sabrina, who she had texted earlier that morning she was bringing him after she found out they were coming clean about their relationship, came onto the stage with a little boy trailing behind her. The little boy is of mixed race, a caramel colored skin tone, with bright green eyes and micro braids in his hair. He is wearing a marvel Avengers logo shirt, fitted blue jeans and white Jordan high tops. His small hand was connected to Kiely's slightly larger and darker one, who is wearing black slacks, a purple dress shirt and light purple heels, and was being led over to Sabrina who handed Ethan over to Adrienne, who had shifted both children so that they were comfortably resting in her lap still asleep. The little boy looked up, took one look at Sabrina and darted straight for her jumping into her open arms. She caught him, swung him onto her hip and headed for Adrienne who was smiling at the boy. When they reached her Sabrina lifted him over the two younger kids and allowed him to hug Adrienne and kiss her on the cheek. She sat back down and set the boy in her lap who just snuggled up to her and took in all the people around him. \"So he is our second surprise.\" Adrienne says, to the confusion of everyone in the room except Sabrina. \"Care to elaborate?\" Jeannie asks. Adrienne laughs and nods her head. \"This is Jordan Wesley Rogers he is six years old and currently in foster care. He will soon be Jordan Wesley Bailon, we are adopting him and have been in the process for about five years now, it should be finalized in about a week.\" She explains. Everyone gasps and starts to applaud, Jordan just blushes and buries his head in his mommy's arms and twists his fingers into his mami's white jacket so he can be connected to the both of them. \"With Jordan coming into the family permanently, Ethan and Mackenzie already here and Chloe on the way our family is complete. I have my beautiful wife, children who love me, amazing friends and a job I love. I couldn't ask for a better life. All I can do now is ask you this question Adrienne.\" Sabrina says while turning to her wife. Adrienne cocks her head to the side in confusion but nods nonetheless. Sabrina shifts so that Jordan is on her hip, but she is kneeling on the ground in front of Adrienne and their two kids in her lap, Adrienne just gasps and starts tearing up. \"All of my life I have been looking for that one person who would push me to be a better person and encourage me on my dreams, but you did more than that. You didn't just encourage me to be a better person, you encouraged me to use the lesser parts of myself to embrace the good and be proud of my faults, to love them like you do. You didn't just encourage my dreams as a person and in performance, you inspired me to dream bigger with the woman I love and create a future that I could be proud of. You allowed me to be myself and still fell in love with me in return, despite all of my faults. You have helped me create a beautiful family and given me something to love wholeheartedly with no doubts. I love you Adrienne. Will you give me the chance to make you my wife in front of the world and in front of the people who love us unconditionally? Will you become my wife again and marry me?\" She asks as Jordan pulls a necklace out of his pockets that contain five gems each with a family members birthstone on them and room for one more for when Chloe is born. \"Yes.\" Adrienne whispers as tears run down her cheeks. Sabrina beams, she stands up resettles Jordan on her hip and then leans over her two children to kiss her wife who she is marrying again. The she takes the necklace and clips it around Adrienne's neck and lets it rest in the center of her breastbone. As she does this the crowd and their friends stand up and let out a loud cheer, while Kiely runs up to Adrienne and Sabrina and pulls them both into a hug with the children squished between them. \"I love you.\" Adrienne whispers to Sabrina while looking down at their three children in their laps and her baby bump that is slightly protruding underneath her jacket. \"I love you too.\" She whispers back just as quiet and lets her gaze rest on the beautiful family they had created together. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the cast of the reality show The Real , nor do I own guest appearances of "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"One Cheetah's Angel","Author":"tropicana-e","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5409103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not want to be the only one that can totally see Angel and Galleria having a romance, so I decided to make this little ficlet. Very innocent, no R-ratings here! I don't own The Cheetah Girls One Cheetah's Angel Galleria saw outside of the boutique, waiting for Aqua and her mother to exit. Aqua had gone well past her fifteen minute limit, and Galleria made a mental note to speak with her about that later. She sighed, while she was stuck out here, she figured she may as well play with some lyrics in her head. \"Cheetah sistahs…\" She sang softly, \"Livin' la vida—no. No.\" She shook her head. She hummed, testing out some tunes, but minutes passed and she had succeeded in nothing except for gaining a throbbing headache. She groaned and dug through her bag for her phone, hitting the '4' button to speed dial Aqua when she did find it, Her foot began to tap as it rang, and she looked at her watch again. \"Hola!\" Galleria's head turned at the familiar voice. \"Angel! Hey! Hola!\" She said as he made his way down the sidewalk. She closed her phone just as Aqua answered, and put it away, placing both of her hands in his. \"Si, you remember, Galleria .\" He said, kissing both her hands gently. \"Well how could I forget?\" Angel smiled and winked at her, and she couldn't help but blush. \"So,\" she spoke, \"What are you doing here?\" he shrugged, examining their surroundings. \"I was on my way to the dance studio to pick up Joaquin. And you?\" She looked behind her and back into his clear blue eyes. \"I'm waiting for my mom and my friend Aqua, they're inside.\" \"Come with me, then?\" he said through a smile. \"I can't.\" \"Oh? Why?\" \"Well—because me and my friends, well we have this singing group, 'The Cheetah Girls', and we need all the time we can get to rehearse for the New Voices Competition.\" \"Oh, si. Well how about tonight?\" \"… I don't know.\" She said. Angel's eyes dropped, and he pulled her hands up to his heart. \"Okay, you can stop by tonight, but just for a little while. And not too late, okay?\" \"As long as I am graced by your company, bella Galleria. So I will see you tonight?\" She nodded, letting out a giggle in spite of herself. \"Until then.\" He said, only then releasing her hands. \"Ciao.\" She said. \"Okay, so where's the fire?\" Galleria jumped at Aqua and Dorothea. But she snapped back into reality quickly. \"Did you forget the time limit you were allotted, Aqua?\" \"I thought you meant once we got downstairs?\" \"Don't worry, Galleria, we're leaving now, so you girls can have plenty of time to rehearse, okay?\" Aqua winced from the evil glance she shot at her, as they stood there. \"Okay, mom.\" Galleria finally answered. A/N: Okay, not much here, but I'll try my best to make it a little more… intimate , yeah? Lol, see you next chapter! ","Summary":" A/N: I do not want to be the only one that can totally see Angel and Galleria having a romance, so "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls XPC Edition","Author":"Kerkas101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4460692","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PG Disney/ KFL Productions Written By:Kerkas101 Team STARRING: Raven Symone Adrienne Bailon Sabrina Bryan Kiely Williams \"THE CHEETAH GIRLS\" Cheetah/Cheetah/Cheetah, the crowd calls out. Flashing Lights, here comes the cheetah Girls singing Ha,Ha,Ha Yea Here We Go! We movin' just like the ocean It's pullin' you in with every motion You can't stop with a beat this hot como fuego, fuego (como fuego, fuego) We bringin outta you the islands, oh so hot poppin' out the hydrants In the streets all the kids they scream Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Pre-Chorus: O.C. to the Lower East Side We're gonna set the night on fire Jersey down to the Islands It's all night long come on now From Miami and LA to the chi We're gonna set the night on fire hitsville to the ATL It's all night long come on now Chorus: Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre Come on and sing this song (sing this song) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre We're dancin' all night long (all night long) Won't stop 'til the moon is settin' What you see now is what you gettin' you can't quit with the heat so sick como fuego, fuego (como fuego, fuego) So crowded like the city of people Do it again let's read the sequel You can't counterfeit this hit Cuz it's fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) O.C. to the Lower East Side We're gonna set the night on fire Jersey down to the Islands It's all night long come on now From Miami and LA to the chi We're gonna set the night on fire hitsville to the ATL It's all night long come on now Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre Come on and sing this song (sing this song) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre We're dancin' all night long (all night long) baila conmigo Come and dance with me (whoa) Take a chance with me (whoa) Feelin' like a dream Now hold on if you can Como fuego, como fuego So baby take my hand (baila conmigo) Yea,Yea,Yea,Yea,hey! Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuego (Como fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre Come on and sing this song (sing this song) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre We're dancin' all night long (all night long) The audience start scearm GO GO GO CHeetahs Galleria: Thank You, Guys (The girls went backstage) Chanel: Girl we did our thing up there, we know we miss u Galleria: I miss You guys too Aqua: So how as your trip been Galleria: It was so great in France, You Guys should come along next time Cheetah: YEAH The Cheetah Girls headed out , except Dorinda Dorinda phone started to ring Dorinda: Hello A Man:Where are You, I WANT YOU HERE NOW Dorinda: Okay, I'll be there, just don't come A Man: What, you don't want your little cheetahs to know Dorinda: Yes -Next Chapter coming soon, that's just a little bit of what's going to happen, in the story- ","Summary":" PG Disney/ KFL Productions Written By:Kerkas101 Team STARRING: Raven Symone Adrienne Bailon Sabrina"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Where Are They Now?","Author":"xxalexisthebombxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4550338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dorindanturned on the music. It sounded like 70's music now. She missednthe Cheetah Girls. As one of the songs began to fade she heard herndaughter screaming in horror. Dorinda raced up stairs to find anspider on her daughter, Jenny's, shoe. \"It's just a spidernhoney.\" Dorinda said as she took the opposite shoe and killed it.nHer daughter hugged her mom and then began to get ready for school.nAs Dorinda walked into her room to get her purse she felt armsnwrapping around her waist and she smiled. \"Have a good day to day,nbaby. When you get home I have a surprise for you.\" Joaquinnsaid as her kissed her on the cheek. The truth was that Dorinda hadnmoved to Spain and married Joaquin after the Cheetah Girls were overnwhich was about five years ago. Dorinda kissed him back and rushedndownstairs as she saw her little girl ready to go to school. \"Wakenup Chanel, your going to be late to your interview.\" Vic said as henshook Chanel as hard as he could. He had been doing this for quitensome time now. Chanel didn't want to get up because she new whatnthe big boss man of her interview would say, no. Then she would havento find another job to apply to like she has been doing for aboutnthree years now. Chanel just wasn't the working type. Fortantly,nVic was and has made many movies after the Cheetah's. Chanel wasnreally inlove with Vic, so she moved back to India and now Vic andnChanel are engaged. \"Shutnthose things up!\" Aqua said as she kept holding her ears. \"Theynkeep ringing and they just will not stop!\" Aqua screamed as she ranninto Kevin's office. \"Please I just got the baby to sleep and Injust got Ricky to school. Now please can we have peace and quiet fornonce.\" Aqua was talking about the phone ringing off the hook. Itnfelt like they were some pizza place and everyone wanted the samenpizza. Kevin was tech support and it was that time of the year whereneveryone had a new computer and didn't know what to do with it. Itnwas Christmas time. Kevin turned off all the phones and dashed out ofnthe room. Aqua and Kevin were having one of there daily fights.nUnlike the other Cheetah's Aqua moved back to Texas and Kevin movednwith her. They were just boyfriend and girlfriend right now andnlonged to be more. If they keep fighting like they do they will nevernbe more. Gallerianstepped onto the train in great depression. All of her bags werenpacked and she wasn't really ready to go though. The University shenwas going to had kicked her out because she had failed all of hernclass except one. Galleria new why she failed she was to busingnremembering what the Cheetah Girls had been until she had moved away.nShe missed them but she just had to get over herself and remembernthat her life is basically ruined now. She was trying to become anschool teacher, but it just wasn't working and she knew it but keptntrying. Galleria began to cry as she put her face in her hands.n\"Ma'am may I sit beside you?\" Galleria looked up for a secondnand smiled a bit. \"I can make some room.\" ","Summary":" Dorindanturned on the music. It sounded like 70's music now. She missednthe Cheetah Girls. As one o"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"It's Over Song Fan Fiction","Author":"The Wiccan Writer Next Door","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6804800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's Over Song Fan Fiction Sadie I miss you as a friend and I really don't want t to lose you over a silly argument. I am very sorry and this one is for you. Hope to see you soon, your best friend Livy. Melinda and Terri are singing along to the radio on the school bus. Two voices perfectly blending Right from the start Melinda is sitting on her bed alone. She looks at Terri's facebook page and writes her message. She deletes the message before she sends it. Oh, I'm afraid that's ending And my world is fallin' apart Terri is sitting on her bed alone. She looks at a picture of Melinda and Terri together and sighs. It's over and I feel so alone This is a sadness I've never known Melinda and Terri are waiting for a school bus. They are standing a few feet away and keep looking over at each other and turning away. How did I let The sweetest of dreams Slip away Melinda is lying down on her bed and is crying. And I'm afraid the hurt is Here to stay \"Here is too not ever fighting again.\" Terri said. \"I agree.\" Melinda said. Promises made, not meant To be broken From a long time ago \"Your my best friend.\" Melinda said. \"Your my best friend too.\" Terri said. And both girls hug. Oh, so many words still unspoken \"It's my idea!\" Melinda yelled. \"Can I please use it?\" Terri asked. Tell me how was I to know It's over It's over Melinda and Terri are sitting at a bench at lunch and are laughing at Mr. Pole. Never thought it would be Terri is her room reading one of their joint Quizilla stories and starts to cry. Why in the world did this Happen to me? Melinda and Terri are walking in the snow. Melinda stops and lies down on the floor and starts to make a snow angel. Terri joins in. And then they both complain about the cold. How could I let The sweetest of dreams Slip away Melinda is texting Terri. Her finger pauses over the send button. Instead she just saves it as a draft. And I'm afraid the hurt is here to stay Terri texts Melinda the word hi. And stands across the road from her. Melinda looks over at her. Melinda texts back a very long sorry. I go around and round And round in my head Wanting to take back Whatever I said Terri and Melinda are at Melinda's house watching Power Rangers RPM. No one was right We all made mistakes Terri walks over to Melinda's house and knocks on the door. I'm ready to do whatever it takes Please, please, please Don't let it be... Over! Melinda calls Terri's mobile and waits nervously as she waits to see if Terri will pick up. No, this is not how it ends I need my sister, my family, my friend Melinda and Terri are in Claire's Accessories choosing a Friendship necklace together. Don't wanna let The sweetest of dreams Slip away Terri sends a message to Melinda on MSN. Cause if it's over Then the hurt is here to stay Terri is crying in her room, with music playing but she's not listening to it. Don't let it be over Melinda is writing in her diary about how much she misses seeing Terri. Please, Don't let it be over Melinda is looking at Terri's Quizilla page and Terri is looking at Melinda's. Then both look at the 'Send Message' button. Please, don't let it be over Melinda and Terri are down the park sitting on the swings. ","Summary":" It's Over Song Fan Fiction Sadie I miss you as a friend and I really don't want t to lose you over "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls Lyrics","Author":"disneyslittleprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4588373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dance Me If You Can Lyrics (Gita) Arenyou sure that you're up for this? Do you think that you can handlenit? This is complicated You might get fustrated (Gita) Wengot the moves that you never seen, Let me show you just what Inmean. There's really no chance, That you can do ourndance. Can't keep up, Can't keep up, No. Try keepnup, Try keep up, Yeah. (Oh no uhum, uhum) (Oh no,shownme what ya got) (All) Trynto follow, watch me now, If you think that you know how. Thenndance me, Dance me if you can. Dance me if you can. Dancenme, Dance me if you can. (Dorinda) Inknow you think that you're in control. But watch we move 'Causenthis is how we roll Work it just like this, Let's see you trynto do that. What's the matter? Can't figure it out? 'Causenyou look confuse, mixed up, no doubt. There's really nonchance That you can do our dance. (All) Can'tnkeep up Can't keep up No. Try keep up Try keepnup Yeah. Can't keep up Can't keepnup No. (oh,oh,c'mon,c'mon) (Yeah,yeah,show me what youngot) Try to follow,watch me now, If you think that you knownhow. Then dance, (dance me) Dance me if you can. (Ohnyeah) (Dorinda,Gita) Getntogether or fall apart, If you think it's not that hard. Thenndance me. (dance me) Dance me if you can. (Gita) Isnthat the best that you can do? You gonna have to try much harder, (Dorinda) Nownis the time to make your move. You know... Hey,hey getnready. Hey,hey let's go. (All) (that'snright) (here we go) (yeah,yeah,yeah) (All) Trynto follow,watch me now, If you think that you know how. Thenndance me, Dance me if you can. Everybody wants to win(wants tonwin) If you think that you can handle it, Then dance me. Dancenme if you can. Never easy, That's the way(that's thenway) If you think you got what it takes. Then dance me, Dancenme if you can.(dance me if you can) Cheetah LovenLyrics: (All) ch-ch-ch cheetah cheetah ch-ch-ch- cheetah cheetah cheetahnlove(repeat) (Aqua, Dorinda) this girl is a friend for lifenim gonna be there when you need me that's right yeah this girl is neva change nonmatter where i go i'll still be the same (Chanel) andnthis girl wants to have some fun so put your hands up cuz we onlynbegun andntheres no stoppin us because we got that cheetah love (All) wenare cheetah cheetah girls we stick together for life sometimes wendont see eye to eye but we will side by side yeah there is nothin innthe world that we can overcome streakin numbers got each other gotnthat cheeteh love (All) ch-ch-ch cheetah cheetah ch-ch-ch-ncheetah cheetah cheetah love(repeat) (Dorinda,Aqua) i knowntheres a place to turn when i really need you do you put me first andnmy girls always got my back no matter what happens i can count onnthat (Chanel) and we dont want to escape it all my sistersngonna always gonna be first call and theres no stoppin us becuz we gondat cheetah love (All) we are cheetah cheetah girls wenstick together for life sometimes we dont see eye to eye but we willnside by side yeah there is nothin in the world that we can overcomenstreakin numbers got each other got that cheeteh love (All) illnneva be the someone that'll hurt you ill neva be the who deserves younwe have a bond noone is breakin and if they try we will stillnsurvive (chorus)-repeat we are cheetah cheetah girls wenstick together for life sometimes we dont see eye to eye but we willnside by side yeah there is nothin in the world that we can overcomenstreakin numbers got each other got that cheetehnlove (bridge) ch-ch-ch cheetah cheetah ch-ch-ch- cheetahncheetah cheetah love(repeat) (all) love love love love FlynAway: Dorinda We'renstanding on the edge of something Do we stay or do we run It'snobvious that everything's changed Aqua Mynhead can't seem to figure out Why my heart is full of doubt Maybenwe're just tired of the game Dorinda Guess you never knownwhat's gonna happen So you do the best you can Following yournsoul might bring you back Or it may have anothernplan Chorus Please don't let it fly away, high away Gottankeep it together Feel for the flow Don't fly away, highnaway Please don't No don't, don't let it flynaway Dorinda We've never felt this place before Wonderingnif anymore We can find in us what it takes Aqua It'snnot about who's to blame I pray that they're just growingnpains Laughing while they're testing our faith Dorinda 'Causenyou never know what's gonna happen So you do the best youncan Following our souls might bring us back Unless it hasnanother plan Chorus Dorinda&Aqua; It's yes, it'snno We stay, we go Feels like we're questioning everything,nyeah We run, we fall, but through it all (through it all) Wennever thought we would break We never thought we would break WhatnIf:Chanel Maybenthis was meant to be Maybe now it should be me Been dreamin' ofnthis forever But I'm feelin' so confused...Yeah It's hardnto see what's right Between you and I And I don't know what tondo Oh we'd stay together always is the promise we made Butnsuddenly it's not so clear And I'm being pulled both ways Andnit's breaking my heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible tonchoose What if I don't try What if I do Everything that I'vendreamed right in front of me If I win what would I lose Howncould I learn to live wondering...What If? Things would nevernbe the same, oh no Maybe that's the price of fame Been waitin'nfor this forever It's close enough for me to touch But if Indon't go for it, I might always regret But is it worth us breakingnup Oh we'd stay together always is the promise we made Butnsuddenly it's not so clear And I don't know what to say Andnit's breaking my heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible tonchoose What if I don't try What if I do Everything that I'vendreamed right in front of me If I win what would I lose Howncould I learn to live wondering...What If? What If I wouldnhave tried I could shine, even fly I don't wanna realize afternit's too late And see it all pass me by If I do, if Indon't Will I ever really know What the future could hold beforenit slips away Could be the chance of a lifetime And it'snbreaking my heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible to choose Whatnif I don't try What if I do Everything that I've dreamed rightnin front of me If I win what would I lose How could I learn tonlive wondering...What If? I never want to say...What if ImnThe One-The Cheetah Girls Ohnyeah... Woah... Mhm... C'mon... Nobody can sing likenme I can hit every note you give for me From A to Z Yes Incan Nobody can dance like me I can move to the beat yournplayin' Baby with my feet Yeah yeah.. Nobody can actnlike me I can fall to pieces and make you believe almostnanything I'm the one Steppin' out and we're ready Younknow the rules All alone (all alone) Gonna show everybody whatnI can do I'm the one Put your bet on me Can't you seenthat I'm the one Don't need anybody now Makin' it on mynown She can turn every word into a lovely melody Yes shencan Girl's got her own groove Put the music on And watchnher as she Does her thing She can do anything My girl isna drama queen Any role you give her She does perfectly Oh,ncan't you see that She's the one She's steppin' out andnwe're ready You know the rules All alone She gonna showneverybody what she can do She's the one Put you bet onnher Can't you see that She's the one She don't need anybodynnow And she's makin' it on her own I wanna be The onenwho everybody knows (I'm steppin out, steppin out alright) Inwanna be The one who's always front and center For the firstntime in my life I'm the one Steppin' out and we'renready You know the rules All alone (all alone) Gonna showneverybody what I can do I'm the one Put your bet on me Can'tnyou see that I'm the one Don't need anybody now Makin' it onnmy own I'm the one Steppin' out and we're ready You knownthe rules All alone (all alone) Gonna show everybody what I canndo I'm the one Put your bet on me Can't you see that I'mnthe one Don't need anybody now Makin' it on my own NonPlace Place Like Us Incould be recognized by the distance Yeah, I could be the biggestnname on the screen Singing and dancing forever Signing my namenfor whoever Yeah, it's all in my reach Yeah If I give itnall that I got I get there to the top But I don't even wanna tongo If I have to go there alone So Stand me on top ofnthat mountain Let me, fly to the end of the world Yeah, I canngo anywhere But if you're not with me there It'll never benenough There's no place like us There's no place like us IfnI find the other side of the rainbow Will I find that the goldnain't worth any price Cause if we ain't there for each other Thennall I got doesn't matter No it won't be right to Give itnall that I got And get there to the top If you're not up therenwith me There's nothing I wanna see So Stand me on topnof that mountain Let me, fly to the end of the world Yeah, Incan go anywhere But if you're not with me there It'll never benenough There's no place like us There's no place like us Itndoesn't matter where we are Ornmatter how far Cause even when we go our separate ways We'll benthe place I believe that I can do it But alone I won't getnthrough it We know we gotta stick together Cause no matternwhat There's no place like us No, no, no No place likenus No place like us Stand me on top of that mountain Letnme, fly to the end of the world (Fly to the end, end of thenworld) Yeah, I can go anywhere (Anywhere) But if you're notnwith me there (With me there) It'll never be enough (It'll nevernbe enough) There's no place like us There's no place likenus No place, no where, no way, no price I'd pay There's nonplace like us No where, no way There's no place like us DignA Little Deeper Chanel Nonone can hold us back when we're set to go Aquanette No onencan tell us that we're not ready when we're ready tonflow Dorinda Lead by example Here's a sample on thenfloor Chanel Yeah, try a little harder; move a littlenfaster if you can't find the strength you're after Chorus: Digna little deeper, dig a little deeper Just like we had to do, justnlike we had to do You've got to dig a little deeper, dig a littlendeeper Aquanette We're celebrating like we never didnbefore Dorinda Went through the fire, took it higher, checknthe score Chanel If you wanna be a leader check your ego atnthe door Aquanette Yeah, be a trend setter, be a go-getternif you want to do everything better Chorus AllnCheetahs Don't ask the question, what it is you should do Justntake some action, it'll come to you It's all connected all younhave to do Is move baby, move baby, yeah, yeah, yeah You're onna roll, let it go, lose control Don't you know it's the best thingnyou can do Fuego(ThenCheetah Girls) Wenmovin' just like the ocean It's pullin' you in with everynmotion You can't stop with a bet this hot como fuego, fuegon(fuego, fuego) We bring it on from the islands And it's ,oh, sonhot poppin' out the hydrants In the streets all the kids theynscream Como fuego, fuego (fuego, fuego) It's all nightnlong come on now From Miami and LA to the chi We're gonna setnthe night on fire It's Philly to the ATL It's all night longncome on now Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from thenstreets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuegon(fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from thenstreets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuegon(fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre Comenon and sing this song (sing this song) Party, fiesta, together,nforever, siempre We're dancin' all night long (all nightnlong) Won't stop 'til the moon is settin' What you see nownis what you gettin' Can't work with the heat so sick comonfuego, fuego (fuego, fuego) So crowded like the city of people Donit again let's read the sequel You can't count up this big Comonfuego, fuego (fuego, fuego) The O.C. to the Lower EastnSide We're gonna set the night on fire Jersey down to thenIslands It's all night long come on now From Miami and LA tonthe chi We're gonna set the night on fire It's Philly to thenATL It's all night long come on now Ooh, Ah Just turn itnup We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turnnit up Como fuego, fuego (fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn itnup We make it hot from the streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turnnit up Como fuego, fuego (fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together,nforever, siempre Come on and sing this song (sing thisnsong) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre We're dancin'nall night long (all night long) Come and dance with men(woah) Take a chance with me (woah) Feelin' like a dream Nownhold on if you can Como fuego, como fuego So baby take my handn(baila conmigo) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot fromnthe streets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuegon(fuego, fuego) Ooh, Ah Just turn it up We make it hot from thenstreets to the club Ooh, Ah we turn it up Como fuego, fuegon(fuego, fuego) Party, fiesta, together, forever, siempre Comenon and sing this song (sing this song) Party, fiesta, together,nforever, siempre We're dancin' all night long All Night Long CirclenGame-Kiely Williams Mynfriends ask me if I'm doing ok But it all depends on if you'vencalled today So I guess that means I'm not doing so good AndnI'd forget about you baby if I could My friends ask me how Inam tonight And if I've heard from you I'll be doing a height And that's the trouble with the situation We go up and down,nin and out of love, because It's a circle game (it's ancircle game) I don't wanna play (I don't want to play) Inthink I'm over it, then I hear you name, I get lost in the soundnand I can't find my way out It's a circle game (it's ancircle game) Nothing's gonna change (nothing's gonna change) Better half of me is telling me to lose your name, And Inget lost in the sound and I can't find my way out Everydaynis different but it feels the same My mood goes up and down with every move you make If I could I'd get myself off this ride,nand we'd be on the same Page at the same time It's ancircle game (it's a circle game) I don't wanna play (I don't wantnto play) I think I'm over it, then I hear you name, I getnlost in the sound and I can't find my way out I want offnof this merry-go-round, it keeps spinin me round and round, Itngets hard to breathe When your not with me And an hour cannfeel like eternity So baby What we keep going round and roundnand round we go Where we stop we never know Round and roundnand round we go Where we stop we never know Round and roundnand round we go Where we stop we never know Round and roundnand round we go It's a circle game It'sna circle game (it's a circle game) I don't wanna play (I don'tnwant to play) I think I'm over it, then I hear you name, Inget lost in the sound and I can't find my way out FeelsnLike Love FeelsnLike Love Feelsnlike love Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah Chanel You got, menspinnin' now I feel your happiness all around I'm not sure whatnI'm getting into (Feels like love) We're not the same,neverybody knows That's the best thing about us though So hardnto believe it, but it's true (Feels like love) Chanel &nVik We see the world in different ways But I'm lovin' everynminute of every day Against the odds we'll make itnthrough Chorus: Maybe this could be More than justnfun This could be everything that I want What's happening tonme Could you be the one This could be everything that I want Indidn't know how good it could be And it feels like love tonme Feels like love Feels like love Hey, yeah, yeah,nyeah Aquanette I didn't know I could feel this way It'sna new world, maybe that's okay You're like a part of me I nevernknew (Feels like love) You're the one I need next to me ButnI know that it's hard to be Living for everybody else butnyou (Feels like love) Aquanette & Amar Real love'snnot supposed to be Afraid of what everybody thinks So, let'snshow 'em all what we can do Feels Like Love lyrics fromn/ Chorus: Maybe this couldnbe More than just fun This could be everything that Inwant What's happening to me Could you be the one This couldnbe everything that I want I didn't know how good it could be Andnit feels like love to me Rahim I've got to say itnnow Gita Seems too hard to do this Rahim We'rengonna work it out Gita Nothing about us makesnsense Rahim I'll build a bridge from where I am To wherenyou are Rahim & Gita It shouldn't have to be thisnhard Chorus: Maybe this could be More than just fun Thisncould be everything that I want What's happening to me Couldnyou be the one This could be everything that I want I didn'tnknow how good it could be And it feels like love to me Feelsnlike love Feels like love It feels like love to me Feelsnlike love (like love) Feels like love (feels like love) Itnfeels like love to me SonThis is Love-The Cheetah Girls Ooo-ooo Thisnis love This is love This is love This is love Sonthis is love So this is love So this is what makes lifendivine I'm all aglow And now I know The key to all heaven isnmine My heart has wings And I can fly I'll touch ev'rynstar in the sky So this is the miracle that I've been dreamingnof So this is love This is love This is love This isnlove This is love Until tonight Love was a word Of anplace I've often heard A mystery Now its clear as it cannbe So this is love Until tonight Love was a word Ofna place I've often heard A mystery Now its clear as it cannbe spanish So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as can be So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as it can be So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as it can be So this is love So this is love Untilntonight Love was a word Of a place I've often heard Anmystery Now its clear as it can be So this is love Sonthis is love Ummm... ","Summary":" Dance Me If You Can Lyrics (Gita) Arenyou sure that you're up for this? Do you think that you can h"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Cowbelles 2: Return to the Dairy","Author":"CLARK-and-LOIS-KENT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3372317","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternOne Nineteennyear olds Taylor Callum and Jackson Meade were in the barn at MeadenFarm. Jackson was laying hay while Taylor was feeding the cows. Justnthen, Taylor's cell phone rang. It was her sister, Courtney.n\"Hello?\" Taylor answered. She paused, allowing her sister tontalk. \"Yeah, I'm just about done here.\" Another pause. \"Okay,nsee you then, love you, bye.\" Taylor hung up. \"Whatnwas that about?\" Jackson asked his girlfriend. \"Theynneed me down at the dairy when we're done here. They told me tontake my time though.\" Taylor replied, pouring the last of the feednin the trough. Therenwas a loud crash coming from the house. Taylor and Jackson stoppednwhat they were doing and ran to the house. Jackson's dad recentlynwas diagnosed with cancer. He had to stay in bed all the time now,nthat's why Taylor came over to work with Jackson. Jacksonnthrew open the door and rushed in. Taylor was close behind. Laying innthe living room, in a heap, was Jackson's dad. \"Taylor, help mentake him back upstairs.\" Jackson said, slipping his dad's armnaround his neck. Taylor grabbed his other side. -n- - - - - - - - - - Mr.nMeade grunted when his son laid him back in his bed. \"Dad…\"nJackson started. Mr. Meade raised his hand to silence his son. \"Inneed to say something and I don't have much time.\" He looked intonhis son's face. Jackson nodded. He glanced at Taylor. Tears werenstreaming down her face. He took her hand in his. \"Taylor, I neednyou to promise me something.\" \"Anything.\"nTaylor replied quietly. \"Inknow how much you love my son. I can see it in your eyes. You lightnup when you hear his name or when he walks into the room. I also knownthat he loves you very much. Promise me that you will accept his handnin marriage.\" Mr. Meade wheezed. Taylornlooked at Jackson. He was sobbing quietly. His dad was the only thingnhe had left. Now he was going to lose that too. She focused back innMr. Meade. \"You have my word. I will marry Jackson.\" \"Thanknyou.\" He turned back to Jackson. \"This farm will be yours now.nYou can do with it what you want to. You can keep this farm going ornsell.\" \"Dad…\"nJackson cried. \"Inlove you very much.\" Mr. Meade said. He laid back, closed his eyesnand took his last breath. -n- - - - - - - - - - Thenfuneral was three days later. Everyone from the dairy was there tonshow their support. Jackson was sitting in the very first row, Taylornat his side. The blonde in Taylor's hair was gone. She had it cutnto her shoulders and dyed black. Besidenher was her sister and her boyfriend, Philippe. Mr. Callum was at thenpodium, talking about how kind and generous Mr. Meade was. When henwas done, he took his seat. The priest got back up and finished thenceremony with some kind words and a prayer. Then, one by one, all thenguest rose and laid a rose on the casket. -n- - - - - - - - - - \"I'mnreally sorry for your loss.\" A friend of the family said. \"Thanknyou.\" Jackson replied quietly. This was the first time since hisndad died that he had been out of the house. Philippe and Courtney hadncome over to help with the farm. The only person that Jackson hadnallowed to see him was Taylor. Mr.nCallum walked up to Jackson and Taylor, who was constantly by hisnside. \"Jackson, I just wanted to say that you are more then welcomento stay here until you and Taylor get married. It must be hard to benin that house all alone.\" The day that Mr. Meade died, Taylor andnJackson called him and told him everything, including Taylornpromising to be Jackson's wife. \"Inappreciate that, Mr. Callum, I really do, but I…\" Jacksonnstarted. A thin man with gray hair walked up to them. \"I'mnsorry to interrupt. Hi, my name is Ian White. I took care of yournfather's financial business. I want to say that I am truly sorrynfor your loss. I know this isn't a good time but if I don't tellnyou this know, it might be too late. Your father willed you the farm,nbut you can't have it until you are married.\" \"What?\"nJackson asked, confused. \"Thencounty can come and claim your farm until you are married. Yournfather had it that way. They can take the cows and shut down thenfarm.\" Mr. White's face softened. \"I don't think he plannednto go so suddenly.\" \"Sonin order for the farm to keep running, Jackson has to get married?\"nTaylor asked. \"I'mnafraid so.\" Mr. White said. He seemed to truly be upset.n\"Unfortunately, you only have a few weeks left.\" \"That'snridiculous.\" Mr. Callum stated. \"Intotally agree.\" Mr. White said. \"I'm just doing my job. Mr.nMeade had come in and said that if Jackson wasn't married threenweeks after he died that the county was to come and take it until henwas married.\" \"Taylornand I are engaged.\" Jackson stated. \"Wencould go to the Justice of the Peace. He can marry us.\" Taylornoffered. \"No.nWhen we get married, I want to give to the wedding of your dreams.\"nJackson stated. Taylornlooked into his eyes. \"The farm has been in your family forngenerations. I know that it means a lot to you. I love you and asnlong as we're married, I don't care if we get married in a churchnor in an office.\" Jacksonnlooked down at Taylor. He loved her even more now. He looked at Mr.nWhite. \"Don't worry. We'll get married.\" \"I'llncall the J.P. tomorrow and set up an appointment.\" Mr. Callum said. \"Again,nI'm really sorry about this.\" Mr. White tipped his hat at themnand walked away. Mr.nCallum turned to his daughter and Jackson. \"I'll pay for thenwedding bands.\" \"Thanknyou, daddy.\" Taylor said, giving him hug. She put her arm backnaround Jackson when she let go. He ran his hand through her blacknhair. \"Thanknyou.\" He said. He leaned in and gave her a kiss. ","Summary":" ChapternOne Nineteennyear olds Taylor Callum and Jackson Meade were in the barn at MeadenFarm. Jack"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Cheetah Girls 3","Author":"CLARK-and-LOIS-KENT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3336971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternOne DorindanThomas could not believe where she was. She looked straight ahead.nJoaquin. Tovar was standing there, waiting for her, smiling. Shenglanced down at herself. Thanks to Luc, she was wearing a very prettynwedding dress. Something she could not afford. It was backless andnsleeveless. Dorthea demanded that she make the dress and both Luc andnDorinda agreed. A few more steps and she would be at the altar. Joaquinnlooked stunning. He had on the traditional tux, but looked veryncatching. He remembered when he had proposed to Dorinda. At first shenwas shocked. After she had time to sit and think about it, shenagreed. He couldn't blame her though. He was twenty-one and she wasnonly eighteen. Whennshe reached the altar, she handed Chanel her bouquet and held out hernhand, waiting for Joaquin to take it, just like they had rehearsed.nOnce he took it, they faced the priest together. \"Younlook beautiful.\" He said to her. \"Andnyou look very handsome.\" She replied. \"Dearlynand beloved, we are gathered here today to unite Count Joaquin Tovarnand Dorinda Thomas together in holy matrimony. Who gives this womannaway?\" \"Indo.\" Mrs. Bosco, Dorinda's foster mother said, standing up. Shensat back down. \"Donyou, Joaquin, take Dorinda to be your lawfully wedded wife, to havenand to hold, to love and cherish, for better or for worse, for richernor for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" \"Si,nI do.\" He replied, squeezing her hand. He turned to Luc, who wasnhis best man and retrieved the wedding band. Smiling, he placed itnupon her finger. \"Donyou, Dorinda, take Joaquin to be your lawfully wedded husband, tonhave and to hold, to love and cherish, for better or for worse, fornricher or for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do younpart?\" \"Indo.\" She said. She got the ring from Chanel and placed it on thenman she loved. \"Ifnthere is anyone here today that thinks these two should not be wed,nspeak now or forever hold your peace.\" After a moment's silence,nhe continued. \"Then by the powers invested in me, I now pronouncenyou husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Joaquinnlifted Dorinda's veil. \"You look really beautiful.\" He said,ncaptivated by her beauty. \"Younalready said that.\" Dorinda smiled. \"Kissnher already.\" Angel called from the pews. Dorinda laughed, placednher hands on either side of his face and pressed her lips againstnhis. \"Itngives me great pleasure to present to the public for the very firstntime, Count and Countess Joaquin Tovar.\" The guests erupted intoncheer. -n- - - - - - - - Thendoors of the church opened and Joaquin and Dorinda emerged. On bothnsides of the steps, their guests were congratulating them andnthrowing rice. Lucnopened the door to their limo. \"See you at the reception.\" -n- - - - - - - - - - SincenChristmas the was day before and there was snow on the ground, theyndecided to have the reception at Manhattan Magnet's Gymnasium.nThanks to Galleria, Angel, and Drinka, the room was transformed fromna smelly gym to a wedding reception. Blue, white and pink balloonsnwere every where. Flowers were at every table. The wedding cake wasndisplayed in the middle. Thenhappy newlyweds were seated in chairs that, when put together, formedna heart. All the legal adults were drinking champagne, and all thenminors were drinking white grape juice. Lucntapped his glass. \"As best man, it is my duty to say something nicenabout the couple.\" There were laughs among the guests. \"But innall seriousness, I have never seen two souls who fit together likenDorinda and Joaquin. They have gone through the same struggles andnthey have the same interests. They love dancing and are very, veryngood at it. I see this marriage as an example of love for anothernperson. So, will you join me in blessing them.\" He raised hisnglass. \"To Joaquin and Dorinda.\" Thenother guests raised their glasses. \"To Joaquin and Dorinda.\" Justnthen, Chanel got up at the microphone. \"It's time to get thenparty started, but before we do that, Joaquin and Dorinda need tongrace us with their first dance as husband and wife.\" Joaquinnled Dorinda out to the dance floor. Suddenly, 'Dance with Me' bynDrew Seeley came on. Dorinda looked at him. \"You remembered ournsong.\" \"Howncould I forget. It is the one we danced to when we first met.\" Henreplied. Atnthe tables, their guests sighed. Joaquin and Dorinda looked amazingntogether. Dorthea grabbed Franco's hand, Juanita rested her head onnLuc's shoulders, and Galleria and Angel shared a kiss. Arametnlooked at Randolph, love in her eyes. -n- - - - - - - - - - Whennthe song ended, Joaquin attempted to lead Dorinda back to their seatsnbut Aqua stopped them. \"It's time to cut the cake.\" Handnin hand, they each cut two slices and fed them to each other. \"It'snabout time that Joaquin and Dorinda leave or they'll miss theirnplane.\" Juanita said. \"ButnDorinda has to throw the bouquet.\" Galleria protested. Dorindanwent to the front of the room, turned her back to the crowd andnthrew. She could hear the unmarried women scramble for the flowers.nWhen she turned around, Galleria had the bouquet firmly in her grasp.n\"It looks like Galleria will be the next to marry.\" Dorindanstated. Galleria looked at Angel and turned red. Joaquinnlooked down at his watch. \"I'm sorry, but if we don't leavennow, we'll never make it to our honeymoon.\" He said, takingnDorinda's hand. \"Wherenare you going?\" Angel asked. \"I'mnletting them use my villa.\" Luc answered. Withnone last wave goodbye, the happy couple's limo took them to thenairport. -n- - - - - - - - - - - Dorindangiggled as Joaquin carried her over the threshold. \"If there isnanything you need at all, just call for us.\" Senora Reynosa stated. \"Inthink we'll be fine.\" Joaquin said. \"Actually,nwhy don't you and Senor Reynosa take the next couple days off.nWe'll call if we need anything.\" Dorinda said. \"Gracias.\"nSenora Reynosa said, shutting the door to their room. \"Now,nwhere were we?\" Joaquin asked, kissing her once more. \"Rightnhere.\" Dorinda replied, slipping out of her wedding dress. ","Summary":" ChapternOne DorindanThomas could not believe where she was. She looked straight ahead.nJoaquin. Tov"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Cheetah Girls Go Senior","Author":"cheetahtastic1983","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4007689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own The CheetahnGirls! Chapter 1 \"Girls, wake up,\" said Mrs. Garibaldi. \"C'mon, we have to getnready to go shopping.\" As soon as Aqua heard her say that, she ran out of bed and was readynin ten minutes. When she was done, she ran back to Galleria's room, jumped on thenbed, and woke them up by screaming, \"WAKE UP YOU GUYS! WE'REnGOING SHOPPING!\" \"Aqua, go away, we're tired,\" groaned Dorinda. \"But you guys, Mrs. Garibaldi said we're going shopping, andntoday is the big sale at the mall,\" said Aqua. \"They only have itnonce a year; it's only for a few hours.\" Then Chanel woke up. \"Let's go ya'll,\" she said when she jetted out of bed. Aqua stayed in the bedroom and tried to get Dorina and Galleria outnof bed, but she couldn't. Then Mrs. Garibaldi was getting tired ofnwaiting for them. \"Girls, don't make me come up there!\" Then the two of them got right out of bed and ran to the bathroom tonget ready. By the time all the girls were ready to eat breakfast,nAqua was finished and ready to go out the door. Chanel sighed and looked up from her bowl of cereal. \"What's wrong?\" asked Dorinda. \"I can't believe that there's only two more weeks of summer,\"nshe replied. \"It went by so fast when we were in Spain.\" Aqua was excited about going back to school. She couldn't stopnthinking about all the things that would happen to her in her seniornyear at Manhattan Magnet. She already had an idea for what the designnof her dress was going to look like. Dorinda wasn't as excited as Aqua was. She didn't like being innclasses all day for seven hours. She didn't want to wake up at 6nthen get home at 3, do homework, and then wake up the next day and donit all over again. The one thing she was looking forward tonwas graduating and going to Julliard for college. She had wanted tongo there ever since she was a little girl. The only thing Galleria was looking forward to this year was singingnwith the Cheetah Girls. She promised them that she wouldn't try toncontrol everything again. Chanel was just happy that she was going to be with her girls, andnthat her mom was happy with Luc. \"Let's go, Let's go, Hurry up!\" yelled Aqua. \"We're coming!\" screamed Galleria. They all finished their breakfast and rushed out the door. Author's note: Please tell me if I spelled anynof the characters' names wrong, or if there are any mistakes. Thisnis my first fan fic, so please don't be too harsh. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own The CheetahnGirls! Chapter 1 \"Girls, wake up,\" said Mrs. Garibaldi. \"C'm"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Fifth Cheetah","Author":"music-is-magic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3370309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Galleria sat in her room, unable toncontain her excitement. She walked over to her keyboard for a moment,nbut found herself unable to play. Her mind was filled with thoughtsnof the impending arrival in her home. An exchange student.nFrom Spain, to make it even more exciting. She still remembered thenCheetah Girls trip to Barcelona with fondness. Well, now they werenhosting an Exchange Student from there! Galleria jumped aroundnher room, before finally picking up her phone and dialling thenfamiliar number. \"Chee Chee? I justncan't wait!\" She said as soon as her friend picked up. Chanelnsounded rather tired, but Galleria didn't mind. \"Yeah Bubbles? What isnit? Couldn't it wait until school?\" she said impatiently.nGalleria sighed. \"Chanel, I have an exchange student coming to mynhouse this afternoon! This is major news girl, and is well an trulynearly hour worthy.\" Chanel sighed. \"Bubbles,nI know that you have an exchange student coming, you've told menabout twenty billion times. Just go to sleep!\" she yawned. Gallerianpouted, before saying goodbye resignedly and hanging up. She fellnback into bed, but could not fall back to sleep. Galleria ran over to Chanel, Dorindanand Aquanette, a huge smile on her face. Chanel pushed a strand ofncurly blonde hair behind her ear sleepily. She obviously was not thentype for early morning calls. \"The exchange studentnis coming in a few hours! I am so excited!\" Galleria began, butnAquanette cut her off. \"Galleria, there are more exciting things atnthe moment. We are performing at lunch today, shouldn't you bengetting bossy by now?\" She joked, but the excitement did not leavenGalleria's face. At lunch The Cheetah Girls waitednbackstage, the usual thrill of performing filling them. They ran outnon stage, to the incredible roar of the crowd. The music began andnthey sang the first lines of an old favourite. i nNo matter where we come from we can be ourselves andnstill be... one AMIGAS CHEETAHS FRIENDS FOR LIFE THE RHYTHMnAND EACH OTHER THAT'S WHAT KEEPS US TIGHT AMIGASnCHEETAHS LIVIN' THE DREAM NOTHING'S EVER GONNA COME BETWEENnUS AMIGAS /i They sang their hearts out, pullingntheir best moves effortlessly. Finally the song came to a close andnthe crowd went wild, cheering and screaming. They bowed, beforenleaving the stage and entering the crowd. Many fellow students beganncongratulating them, as they walked through the crowd. Suddenly angirl came up to Galleria. She had long messy black hair, pale skinnand grey eyes. She was dressed like a mixture between emo and punk,nwith tattered cargo pants and a skinny ripped black shirt. Galleria regarded her with interest.nShe had never seen this girl before. Suddenly the girl spoke. \"Hi there, you're Gallerianright?\" she asked, and Galleria nodded. \"And this is Chanel,nAquanette and Dorinda. The Cheetah Girls.\" She said proudly. Thengirl smiled at them all politely before turning back to Galleria. \"You wrote the song right? Well,nI'm sorry to tell you this, but it kind of sucked. The lyrics hadnno meaning, the music wasn't all that grande, choreography couldnhave been a lot better, it was repetitive and don't even get menstarted on your groups name. 'The Cheetah Girls?' It'snsicknening! The costumes were kind of Cheetah obsessive as well.\" All four Cheetah Girls mouths droppednopen at her words. Galleria glared at the girl. \"Was there anythingnyou liked?\" she asked. The girl nodded. \"I liked Dorinda'snjeans.\" She said simply, before turning and leaving. Gallerianturned to the other girls, fuming. \"How dare she!\" She exclaimed,nbefore storming from the room. The other girls followed, all bothnhurt at being critisised, and depressed at the thought of all thenextra rehersal Galleria would be putting them through. Galleria arrived home, her midn whirling. \"Mum,nyou can not believe what this rude girl said to us today! She saidnthat the Cheetahs were awful!\" She exclaimed when she saw hernmother in the hall. Dorethea frowned. \"Galleria, do you not remember whatntoday is? The exchange student is here! Maya!\" she exclaimed.nGalleria's eyes widened. \"I forgot! Oh wow, where is she?\" Shenasked, looking around. Dorethea pointed to the kitchen, and Gallerianran in. Her mouth dropped open when she sawnwho it was. Standing in front of her was no spanish girl, but insteadnher worst nightmare. The girl who had insulted them at thenshow was standing in her kitchen. ","Summary":" Galleria sat in her room, unable toncontain her excitement. She walked over to her keyboard for a m"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Galleria Garibaldi  A new beginning","Author":"AGB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5061392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reclaim: I DO NOT own the character Galleria Garibaldi or the rest of The Cheetah Girls, but I do own the story and the character Peter Daniels!! Pleas and review!! It was Monday morning and she'd already been in England for a week. She loved it here, but it was still so much different than New York. People were stressed in another way. People seemed to be more open and everything seemed so much cheaper. That was the best part. She could shop and her credit balance wouldn't take noticed (almost). Galleria stepped out of the taxi. Her mother had told her to learn how to use the public traffic, but she was still quite new and she didn't want to get lost and be late on her first day of school. She looked at the big, almost majestic building on the beautiful campus that she now was going to call her school. She was nervous and she got even more nervous when she stepped even closer to the building. Would she be able to do this? She was alone now. Galleria was so used to have the girls to comfort her. She really missed them. Channel had told her that they'd gone to India to be in a movie. Of course Gabriella was happy to hear that The Cheetah Girls, that she in fact founded a long time ago, was doing fine, but inside she was crying. She so wanted to become something big with The Cheetah Girls and that couldn't happened now. She was in England and they were in New York. She went inside the building. It was absolute amazing and breath taking. She looked around. People were running with paper in their hands. Some were kissing their love ones goodbye. Others, like her, were just standing, not knowing what to do. A guy was weaving at her. Did she know him? Should she weave back? No. she didn't. Instead she pretended she hadn't seen him. She turned around, but someone tapped her on the shoulder. \"Galleria Garibaldi?\" a voice said. Galleria hopped she could ignore the person and move on. She couldn't. \"Excuse me. Are you Galleria Garibaldi?\" the voice said. She turned around to find a boy with quite messy hair. \"Hi. I'm Peter Daniels.\" He said and held up his hand for her to shake. She looked at his hand and then at him. She wanted to give him a fast 'hi', but his eyes cached her. They were green and gorgeous. She couldn't say anything and now he was just looking at her half smiling. \"Are you okay?\" he said in his lovely British accent. If she was okay? She was better than okay. She was excellent. She didn't normally fall for guys just by one look at them, but this one was an exception. \"I…I'm fine\" she managed to say and looked down. It was impossible for her to say anything when she looked him in his eyes. \"And yes I am Galleria Garibaldi. \"She said, still looking down. \"Awesome. We are…ermh…what did they call it…oh yeah, 'freshmen-buddies'\" he said, \"I think it's because we have the same courses, so we can help each other and so on.\" Galleria laughed a little. Peter laughed too. \"So, 'buddy', let's find our schedules!\" he said and headed towards the reception.[Chapter 2] Reclaim: I DO NOT own the character Galleria Garibaldi or the rest of The Cheetah Girls, but I do own the story and the character Peter Daniels (and the other characters)! Please read and review! \"What is your name, love?\" the receptionist said and looked up from her computer, when Galleria and Peter arrived at the reception. Galleria and Peter looked at each other, not knowing whom she was talking to. \"Ermh…Peter Daniels, ma'am,\" Peter said nervously and stepped a bit closer. \"Peter Daniels,\" the receptionist said and tapped something on her computer. \"Peter Daniels,\" she repeated and took of her glasses and moved her face closer to the computer screen. \"Yes, yes. I've got your schedule here. Have you done everything that has to be done?\" the receptionist said and looked up from the computer again. Peter looked at the receptionist, then at Galleria and then at the receptionist again. He shrugged his shoulder and nodded. \"Okay, dear. Here's your schedule,' she said and handed him a piece of paper. \"And you have to go and see Mr. Parker to get your key to your locker.\" She said and added \"I know this is not high school, but honey, believe me, you'll need a locker.\" Peter took the paper and repeated the name, Mr. Parker. \"What it your name, dear?\" the receptionist said and turned her face to Galleria who hadn't been listening, because she'd heard someone singing one of her songs 'Cheetah sisters'. \"Darling, what is your name?\" the receptionist said in a higher tone. \"Sorry,\" Galleria said and snapped out of it, \"My name is Galleria Garibaldi,\" Galleria said. The receptionist tapped something into the computer. \"Here you are, Galleria,\" the receptionist said and moved her face closer to the computer, \"what a lovely name, dear!\" she said and looked up at Galleria. \"Thank you, ma'am,\" Galleria replied and smiled. The receptionist handed her a piece paper. \"And you have also done everything that has to be done?\" \"Yes,\" Galleria said unsure. She looked at Peter. Peter flashed his perfect set of teeth. Galleria smiled back, but looked down fast. \"Wanna go get our keys and find our lockers?\" Peter asked when they were on their way away from the reception. \"I don't think I have the time,\" Galleria said and looked at her schedule, \"I have a class in five minutes and I am not sure where the room is,\" \"Okay. Ermh, we can meet after our classes, yeah?\" Peter said and looked at his schedule too. \"Sure, where do you wanna meet?\" Galleria asked Peter. He looked around. \"What about that bench right over there?\" Peter said and pointed at a small bench in front of the building. \"Okay.\" Galleria said and dared to look Peter in his eyes. Green and gorgeous indeed! \"This is music class 101. Here you will learn the basics of music. You will learn how to sing. You will learn how to write. Forget everything you have learned, song and written because here, here you will learn the truth,\" Mrs. Pears said a couple of minutes later when Galleria had found the classroom. She'd been looking for a classroom – it turned out to be a major lecture hall. \"Talk about exaggeration,\" a girl said sitting next to Galleria. She just looked at her and smiled. Galleria looked around in the lecture hall. She couldn't find Peter anywhere which was weird since he said that they were 'freshmen-buddies' because they had the same classes. \"...and I want you to make groups. Groups that you will collaborate in and support each other in.\" Mrs. Pears finished off. \"You wanna be in my group?\" the girl next to Galleria asked. Galleria just nodded because she didn't know what to say. \"I want four people in each group. Don't matter to me if it's all girl groups, all boy groups or mixed,\" Mrs. Pears said, \"couldn't care less,\" she added. \"My name is April,\" the girl said and held out her hand for Galleria to shake it. The girl reminded her of Dorinda. \"I'm Galleria,\" Galleria said and shook the hand. \"Cool name,\" April said, \"we still need two other people in our group,\" \"Hi, may we be a part of your group?\" a girl said from a seat above Galleria and April. April nodded excitedly while Galleria looked at the two girls now joining her group. Why was it that they seemed to remind her of her old friends? One of the girls had same face structure as Aqua and the other girl had the same aura as Channel (far out, yes, but Channel had a special aura around her). \"Hi, I am Veronica,\" one of the girl said. Defiantly nothing like Agua. \"And I am Sophia,\" the other girl said. Defiantly nothing like Channel. \"I am April and this is Galleria. So we are a group, that's cool,\" April said and seemed to get more and more excited about this whole thing. The rest of the class, the girls talked about themselves. Galleria couldn't seem to loosen up like she had hoped she would. They all reminded her of her girls. Was she just seeing her old friends in what looked to be her new friends? She remembered that she had promised herself not to find 'substitutes' for Channel, Aqua and Dorinda, and when she thought it through she could see that April, Veronica and Sophia was nothing like them, Galleria just wanted them to be like her girls, to be like the Cheetah girls. Galleria sat down on the beach where she was to meet Peter. \"Hi,\" Peter said walking to the bench, \"Wow, what's wrong?\" he asked and sat down next to her, \"are you all right?\" \"Yeah, why?\" Galleria said and lighten up. \"You look so...\" Peter said and looked worried. \"No, I'm fine. I was just thinking about my friends,\" Galleria said and smiled to convince Peter that she was fine. \"Okay,\" Peter said and cheered up a bit, \"do you wanna go to that cafe –\" \"Starbucks,\" Galleria cut in. \"Right, right, Starbucks,\" Peter corrected, \"wanna go and get some coffee?\" \"I think I'm gonna head home. I'm kinda tired,\" Galleria said. She wasn't tired at all. She'd only had one class and she hadn't even done much in that class. She would have loved to sit in Starbucks with Peter, but she had to get home before she broke down in tears. \"Sure, okay. See you tomorrow,\" Peter said and smiled a cocky smile. \"See you,\" Galleria said and got up. Galleria was too upset to get effected by his smile. She made it to the corner before she broke down. Now, more than ever, she wasn't sure if she could do this. It felt like she was cheating on the Cheetahs with the new group, but that wasn't why she was crying hysterically; she missed them. She missed them so much and it hurt thinking, that they weren't there to comfort her now when she needed them more than ever. Galleria gathered herself, got a taxi and went home. The first day of school was tough, was she cut out for it? Was she cut out for doing this alone? ","Summary":" Reclaim: I DO NOT own the character Galleria Garibaldi or the rest of The Cheetah Girls, but I do o"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls: Chanel's Story","Author":"CristalleCarter3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8085202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chanel couldn't take it anymore, she hadn't spoken to Dillyn in over a week. This was the longest time they had ever spent apart. Chanel flipped over and grabbed her phone. \"Hello?\" This was the voice that Chanel loved so much, \"Hey Dillie! What's up?\" \"Hola, Chanel, not much, but I've got to tell you something. Can I see you today?\" Dillyn was Latina-American, having a caucasian father. \"Sure…\" \"Good, I wouldn't have taken no for an answer.\" \"and why not?\" \"Because I'm already at your door.\" Chanel hung up the phone and ran to the elevator. At that very moment, it slid up and Dillyn walked in, wrapping Chanel in an embrace. Chanel pressed her lips against Dillyn's and Dillyn slipped her tounge into Chanel's mouth. Just then, Juanita walked in…[Chapter 2] Chanel couldn't take it anymore, she hadn't spoken to Dillyn in over a week. This was the longest time they had ever spent apart. Chanel flipped over and grabbed her phone. \"Hello?\" This was the voice that Chanel loved so much, \"Hey Dillie! What's up?\" \"Hola, Chanel, not much, but I've got to tell you something. Can I see you today?\" Dillyn was Latina-American, having a caucasian father. \"Sure…\" \"Good, I wouldn't have taken no for an answer.\" \"and why not?\" \"Because I'm already at your door.\" Chanel hung up the phone and ran to the elevator. At that very moment, it slid up and Dillyn walked in, wrapping Chanel in an embrace. Chanel pressed her lips against Dillyn's and Dillyn slipped her tounge into Chanel's mouth. Just then, Juanita walked in… ","Summary":" Chanel couldn't take it anymore, she hadn't spoken to Dillyn in over a week. This was the longest t"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Impossible to love","Author":"evafan89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3969850","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:nImpossible to Love Author:nEvafan89 Disclaimer:nI did not create nor do I own any of the characters of Cheetah Girls.nI only wish to borrow them for a little while. Summary:nGalleria and Chanel lose each other. Can they find their way back? GallerianGaribaldi felt her heart break and snap in half as she watched hernbest friend Chanel walk away with Marisol. She knew it wasn't evennthe fact that she was madly in love with her best friend that wasncausing her heart to break. It broke because she realized at thatnmoment that the cheetah girls weren't going to last forever ever.nThat thought had never passed through her mind before. Not even atntheir near break up in their freshman year. Galleria had always heldnthis hope that they would last forever. Now she realized that onlyna diamond would last forever. Galleria looked down at the sheet musicnin her hand and realized that no matter how hard she tried shencouldn't seem to get the others back to the music. Galleria hadnmade a promise to Chanel and now that she didn't care about thatnpromise Galleria decided she didn't care either. \"It'snover,\" Galleria sighed as she walked back to the house. Hernplan had been to call her Father and just get on the next plane to gonhome. But just as always her plan didn't exactly work out the waynit was supposed to. Just as she walked into her room her Mothernwalked in as well. \"Insaw you come in,\" Dorthea told her daughter, \"What's wrong?\" Dortheansat on Galleria's bed when Galleria didn't say anything andnmotioned for her to sit down as well. \"What'sngoing on with you?\" Dorthea asked again when her daughter failed tonsay anything. Galleriansighed and told her Mother what had been going on with the CheetahnGirls and she had realized that they seemed to be over. Dortheanlistened as her daughter rambled on about how the others were doingneverything but enjoy the music like Galleria herself was. She talkednabout how Dorinda had found someone who enjoyed dancing as much asnshe did, how Chanel had found a friend who spoke Spanish as well, andnhow Aqua had found herself in heaven working on fashion drawings.nDorthea had always been perceptive and she had only enhanced thisnskill when she had Galleria. She could tell when her daughter wasnskirting around what was really bothering her. Dorthea knew thatnright now her daughter was telling her everything but what was reallynbothering her. \"Inknow you Galleria,\" Dorthea told her daughter, \"I know that'snnot all that's bothering you.\" Gallerianfroze. She wondered if her Mother knew how much she loved Chanel. Hownshe couldn't stop thinking about her fellow cheetah? She wonderednif her Mom would be shocked and disgusted if she ever found out hownGalleria liked Chanel as more then a friend or if she would be happynfor Galleria. It wasn't as if anything would ever come from hernfeelings. Chanel was slipping away as a friend as it was. She hadnfound herself a new Spanish-speaking friend in the form of Marisol.nWhy did she need Galleria anymore? Galleria chose her words veryncarefully so that her mom wouldn't discover her true feelings fornher best friend. \"Inmade a promise to Chanel that I would do everything I could to keepnthe cheetah girls together. Now she has Marisol and it seems as ifnshe doesn't care about us anymore. If Tia does move here when shenmarries Luc she'll have Marisol and forget all about us,\"nGalleria explained to her Mother quietly. Dortheanpulled her daughter into her arms. She didn't know what to say tonmake her daughter feel better. She knew there was more to the storynthen was being said, but she knew better then to pester Galleria fornanswers. Galleria would come to her when the time was right. ThoughnDorthea had a funny feeling she knew the deeper reason for what hadnGalleria so upset. \"She'snyour best friend,\" Dorthea told her daughter after a moment ofnsilence, \"You've been best friends since you were divas inndiapers. How could she choose someone she met over someone who'snalmost like her sister?\" \"Indon't know how,\" replied Galleria, \"But she has.\" \"It'llnbe okay,\" Dorthea, told her daughter, \"You'll see.\" \"Inhope you're right Mom,\" Galleria sighed, \"I hope your right.\" Dorindanhad just gotten back from her lunch date with Joaquin and she needednto find Galleria to talk about what had happened. But when shenarrived at Galleria's bedroom door she was just in time to hearnGalleria telling her Mom about how she had made a promise to Chanelnbut Chanel didn't seem to be interested anymore. Dorinda realizednthat Galleria was afraid that the Cheetah Girls were over. Besidesnthe near scare during their freshman year the Cheetah girls hadnremained strong. Dorinda knew that if she didn't do something andnquick the Cheetah Girls were going to be over. Dorinda first callednAqua and told her she needed to come back to the Vila before she wentnoff in search of Chanel. She wasn't able to get Chanel on her cellnphone and soon found it was because Chanel had left her cell phone innthe house. It took Dorinda ten minutes before she found Chanelnsitting by the fountain singing in Spanish with Marisol. \"ChanelnI need to talk to you,\" Dorinda told her. \"Sure,\"nChanel said before she told Marisol be back after she talked tonDorinda. Bynthe time they got back to the house Aqua had just gotten back. \"What'snwrong Doe? Why'd you throw up the Cheetah Distress Signal?\" Aquanasked. Dorindandidn't know how to tell them that they had been neglecting theirnfriend and if they didn't change she was going to leave breaking upnthe Cheetah girls forever. Dorinda told them to sit down before shensaid anything. \"Inknow that Barcelona has been an adventure for each of us. But we'venforgotten why we came here in the first place,\" Dorinda told them,n\"Chanel the only reason we're even here is because Galleria wasndetermined not to let you believe the Cheetah Girls would ever splitnup. Now you're off with that Marisol girl all the time and ditchingnGalleria who was only trying to be there for you? I know your scared,nbut Galleria was here way before Marisol ever was.\" Anpart of Chanel knew that Dorinda was speaking the truth, but thenother part was too afraid to face Galleria and deal with her truenfeelings for her fellow cheetah. She hated the fact that Dorinda wasncalling her on how bad of a friend she had become when she hadnalready known it. She may not have seen it at the time, butnsubconsciously she had always known that she was only pushingnGalleria away from her every time she hung out with Marisol. Chanelnstood and raced for the door. \"Chanel,\"nDorinda and Aqua yelled after her. Chanelndidn't care as she raced out of the house. She didn't even botherngoing to find Marisol. Chanel was too angry to deal with Marisol atnthe moment. Now every time she thought of Marisol she could only feelnangry at herself. She hated that she couldn't deal with the factnthat she was in love with her best friend. It wasn't like Gallerianwould run away and freak if she ever found out. Galleria wasn't thentype of person to push her friends away for being different. Thoughnit would be a little weird at first if Galleria didn't feel thensame way as Chanel, but at least their friendship would be safe. ButnChanel couldn't force herself to face this fear of rejection. Shenhad seen so much heartbreak for her own Mother and she didn't wantnthat for herself. It would be even worse if Galleria didn't wantnher and abandoned her because she was her best friend. Chanel foundnherself in the garden. She didn't realize that Luc was there untilnafter he cleared his throat. \"HeynLuc,\" Chanel said as she brought her legs up to her chest. Lucnwatched Chanel for a moment before he took a seat next to her on thenswing. He had known Chanel for almost two years now and he hadnlearned her different emotions. It wasn't even from her talking tonLuc. Luc understood why she never had come to him with problems. Henwas the new man in her Mother's life and Chanel was just afraidnthat he would leave like the rest of them. Now it was his change tonshow Chanel that he wasn't going to abandon them. \"Inknow that I'm not the best person you would like to speak to rightnnow,\" Luc began, \"But I just thought I'd let you know that youncan talk to me whenever you would like to.\" Chanelnlooked up at look and saw that he was concerned for her. It was thenfirst moment throughout her mom's entire relationship with him thatnshe could see he did actually care for them. Or maybe it was just thenfirst time throughout the first two years that she was ready tonaccept that he could actually care for them. It as also going to benthe first time that Chanel was talking to someone that wasn'tnGalleria or her Mom about problems she had. But since her problem wasnabout Galleria and her Mom was off doing something else she guessednthat Luc was the only other option. She was too mad at Dorinda andnAqua to go see them. Even though she knew they were only trying tonhelp. \"Inthink I lost Galleria,\" Chanel told Luc quietly. \"Whyndo you think that? You two are as tight as two cheetahs can be,\"nLuc told her. \"Wenwere,\" Chanel sighed, \"I just was afraid and I pushed her awaynwhen she needed me the most. I needed, correction I need her too.\" \"There'snyour answer,\" Luc told her. Chanelnwas confused. None of her problems had ever been solved this fastnbefore in the history of Chanel having a life. It couldn't havenbeen that easy or she would have thought of a solution before herntalk with Luc. \"What'snthe answer\" Chanel exclaimed not seeing what Luc was trying to getnat. Lucncould only smile at his future daughter. It made him so happy thatnshe was going to him for advice over a problem that she was having.nFor so long he thought that she had hated her, but now he saw thatnshe was just afraid. It was just that Chanel was afraid that Lucnwould hurt her Mom, but Luc saw that she was afraid to be hurt bynhim. \"Younjust said it yourself Chanel. You need Galleria just as much as shenneeds you. So go to her and tell her that,\" Luc told her as henurged her off the swing. Chanelnwas filled with renewed hope and energy. She almost ran across thengarden but stopped just before she left it. It had just occurred tonher that Luc had figured out her secret. Chanel could only look atnlook questioning how he had figured out the secret that she hadn'tntold anyone. Luc only just smiled knowingly without saying a word. \"Thanks,\"nChanel told him with a small smile before she ran off.[Chapter 2] Chapter One It's impossible It's impossible to love you If you don't let me know what you're feeling It's impossiblenfor me to give you what you need If you're always hidin' from me Even after the talk with hernmother Galleria still wasn't so sure that she was needed. Her bestnfriend had found a new friend and they had been spending so much timentogether lately. Marisol had slowly replaced Galleria even though shenhad been the one there for Chanel since they were divas in diapers asnChanel put it. Galleria couldn't find the strength to stick aroundnand on love her best friend when obviously she wasn't needednanymore. Galleria packed her bag quietly so that no one would knownshe was leaving. She didn't want to cause a fuss and she didn'tnwant anyone to try to stop her from leaving. Galleria had made up hernmind. I don't know what hurtsnyou I just, I wanna make itnright Cos boy I'm sick andntired of trying to read your mind Galleria had been trying tonfigure out what her best friend wanted from her. Before the tripnChanel had made Galleria promise her that no matter what happened thenCheetah Girls would never split up. Galleria had done everything shencould to keep that from happening. But no matter what she did latelynChanel just kept getting annoyed. Their dream for the Cheetah Girlsnwas to get a record deal and to move on to being big. The contest wasntheir chance. It was an international contest and they had been ablento enter even after the deadline had passed with an audition on thentelephone. Now if that wasn't luck Galleria didn't know what was.nBut now everyone was off in their own direction and Chanel wasn'tneven with the Cheetah Girls. She was too busy hanging out withnMarisol and learning Marisol's music. Galleria was tired of doingnthings that went unnoticed from her fellow cheetah. She had wrote,nwhat she thought was, the best song she had ever written. Not onenperson even wanted to hear it. She knew it would have been the onenfor the contest but the contest was over for them. Galleria knew itnwas over for her at least. The Cheetahs were down one. She wonderednif they would even notice that she had left. She wondered if Chanelnwould even care that she had left. It's impossible Oh baby it's impossiblenfor me to love you This way It's impossible Oh baby it's impossible If you making' it thisnway Galleria tossed the last ofnher things into the suitcase and closed the cheetah print luggage. Itnwas the last reminder she had of everything she was leaving behind.nShe knew she was making the right choice but it didn't hurt anynless for Galleria to leave behind everything she loved. She hadncalled her Father and he had arranged for a flight back to the Statesnfor her. She had explained to her Father everything that happened. Heneven promised not to tell her Mother which had surprised her. Itnwasn't as if she would be home by herself long. Her Father wasnreturning from Japan in just a week. Impossible to make it easy If you always tryin' tonmake it so damn hard How can I, how can I givenyou all my love, baby If you're always, alwaysnputin' up your guard Before Galleria left shentossed the sheet music to the new song she had written on the bed. Itnwas her own way of letting them know that she had left. On the top ofnthe music she wrote one solitary word. Goodbye. The music floatednacross the bed and as she watched it her eyes landed on a picture ofnher with the Cheetah's. She couldn't help but notice Chanel innthe picture and how happy they all looked. \"Why do you have to makenit so hard? Why can't you let me in again?\" Galleria demanded thenpicture. Thisnis not a circus Sondon't you play me for a clown Hownlong can emotions keep on goin' up and down \"I'm not going to runnaround trying to make you happy if you can't even appreciate thatnI'm only doing it for you,\" Galleria told the picture, \"You saynI'm controlling, but I'm only being a good friend who doesn'tnbreak her promises.\" It's impossible Oh baby it's impossiblenfor me to love you This way It's impossible Oh baby it's impossible If you making' it thisnway Galleria flipped the picturenover so she wouldn't feel eyes watch her as she left her room fornthe last time. She was leaving Barcelona and nothing was going tonstop her now. She placed her suitcase on the ground and wheeled itnover to the door. After making sure no one was out there who couldnstop her before she left the room without even one last look behind.nShe met the cab she had called out on the streets and soon she was onnher way to the airport. Her Barcelona trip was over and as she nearednthe airport the only thought she had was that of the last time shenhad seen Chanel. She thought about how angry Chanel was with her forntrying so hard. She knew that if she hadn't left she would havenlost Chanel forever. Though she knew she probably already had anyway. Chanel raced from the gardennto Galleria's room hoping to catch Galleria before she did anythingnstupid. When she reached her room she didn't see Galleria anywhere.nShe figured that she was with her Mother somewhere but when she sawnthe music sheets on the bed and the picture of all of them knockednover on the bed she knew deep down that something wasn't right. Shenquickly searched all the drawers and found that everything ofnGalleria's was gone. \"This is all my fault,\"nChanel cried, \"Why couldn't I have just faced what I felt?\" She backed out of the roomntrying to keep the tears at bay that threatened to leak out of herneyes. She had to tell someone that Galleria was gone. Maybe there wasnstill something that could be done. The phone rang and Chanel quicklyngrabbed it before anyone else could answer. It might be Galleria fornall Chanel knew. She wasn't so lucky it was only Galleria'snFather. \"Tio! Galleria's gone,\"nChanel exclaimed into the phone without saying hello. \"I know,\" he said, \"Hernflight is tonight at ten…\" After hearing the time shendropped the phone and ran out of the room. She still had a couple ofnhours to catch up to Galleria before she left the country to go backnhome. She still had time to make Galleria see how sorry she was.nChanel could only hope that she wasn't too late. Chanel spotted Lucnoutside and ran up to him. \"I need you to take me tonthe airport,\" Chanel told him, \"Galleria is leaving and it'snall my fault. I have to stop her.\" Luc nodded and ushered intonhis car. They were out of the driveway and headed towards the airportnin a matter of minutes. Chanel sat impatiently as they drove to thenairport hoping they would get there in time to stop Galleria fromnleaving. Luc glanced over at hisnfuture daughter and saw the turmoil in her eyes. He knew that shenblamed herself for driving Galleria away. He only hoped that theynwere able to reach the airport before Galleria's plane left. Henknew that if they didn't that Chanel's heart would just shatter.nHe wouldn't be able to stand it if that happened. Luc called in allnthe favors that he had to get a clear way to the airport. Dependingnon when Galleria left Luc might have a chance to arrive there beforenher. He was going to anything for Chanel to keep her from being heartnbroken. ","Summary":" Title:nImpossible to Love Author:nEvafan89 Disclaimer:nI did not create nor do I own any of the cha"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Only 1 way to learn","Author":"xxoRebel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3298774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Dorinda laied down on the bed, sleeping as the doctor went out of the room. Joaquin grabbed him by the neck. \"SO?\" he yelled/asked. The doctor pulled away and straighten his tie. \"She's alive Mr. Tovan and you have a beautiful baby girl.\" he smiled. Joaquin's eyes grew BIG and hugged him. Days later, he approached his wife. Dorinda had a little pink bundle in her arms, that she was cooing. \"What ever shall i name you?\" she asked herself. \"Maybe Dorinda, since she's so beautiful.\" he answered. Dorinda looked up. \"Hello sweetie, greet your daughter.\" she spoke as he took the child. He found himself filled with emotion and looked at her. It was nothing but a little peice of meat. THe nurse came in with a clipborad. \"Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Tovan. Well your beautiful daughter needs a beautiful name!\" she said with a fake smile. \"I'll give you a few moments\" she added and went out of the room. \"What would fit her best?\" Dorinda asked. \"Well, she looks nothing like us, so she should have to do ANYTHING with our names.\" he suggested. This was true. The child had red/blonde hair (probaly fromk dorinda's side) blue eyes(mutated), her nose from Joaquin, lips from her mother, and a skin tone so pale, it looked like moonlight. \"Ivylin\" he said instantly. Dorinda opened her mouth to argue, but she stole a glance at the child. It did look like an Ivylin. \"Yes, but i want a VERY TRADTIONAL LONG NAME.\" Dorinda said., \"Ivylin Abigail, because in Hebrew it mean \"father's pride\" and she is my pride.\" Joaquin said. \"Ivylin Abigail Tarella, after my favorite name when i was little\" she said. \"Ivylin Abigail Tarella Lilac\" Soon her name was VERY long: Ivylin Abigail Tarella Lilac Victoria Naomi Roxanne Tovan which was made after like, 20 mintues. The nurse had a hard time fitting it all in on the birth certificate. (HAHA) 7 months later \"Joaquin! Where's Ivy's bottle?\" Dorinda yelled from downstairs. \"I think it's in the living room!\" he calld from upstairs. It had been 7 month since the baby came in. They lived on private property because someone found his father's will that left him MILLIONS BILLIONS ZILLIONS of bucks! So they lived in a beautiful mansion in California on a moutain top. \"Ok, Hurry up! I don't think Aqua will be pleased if we were LATE!\" Dorinda called. It was a week before Christmas and Aqua was holding a party for everyone because they haven't seen each other in a while. The three loaded in the car and TOOK off to the airport. \"Flight 703 to New York City at gate 2\" the intercom called. \"Come on Dorinda!\" Joaquin said. They boarded the plane and took their seats.[Chapter 2] Don't own it.[Chapter 3] Don't own it IVY'S POV \"Happy Birthday!\" was the first thing I heard when I woke up. Ugh. Suprise Suprise, right? NOT! \"Hey Mom, Dad, Ivory.\" I said. They frowned at my lack of happiness. \"Is there something wrong?\" my mother asked. I ignored her and went to the bathroom. Yeah, today's my 16th birthday. So what? I don't freaking care. I'm older, and dad's getting more protective. I'm almost not allowed to a boy from 5 meters. But, behind their backs, I date. Yeah, I've dated. But nothing further than that. I was currently dating Benjamin, a jock. HOTTIE more like it. I know he's cheaing on me with that SLUT Diana Cammer. I'm gonna break up with him today. \"NO!\" is shouted and bolted out of the bathroom. I have a temper. Yeah, I'm disrespectful. IT'S THEIR FAULT! They never pay attention to me, Ivory is the one that is always paied attention too. Poor Ivory, flunking math and reading. But does anyone say: Good for Ivy, made 1st in school again out of the whole grade. I'm in all advanced. They wanted to bring me to college already, so I'm just taking courses. I'm smart and not fcking delayed like Ivory. I hate my life so much. Taht's why i love music, no dancing. Ok, I dance because mom and dad do, but i do...dirty dancing. Hip-pop, cool stuff in the clubs. Not that 'safe' stuff like tango. Music is the best thing ever to me. Everyone thinks I'm crazy cuz i like music, not dancing like mom and dad. Ivory LOVES and ADORES dancing. I fcking hate it. \"How come every time you come around, my London, london bridge wanna go down like...\" I sang as I ignored my parents waiting at the door. \"Ivylin...\" my dad started when I slammed the door in his face. \"IVYLIN TOVAR!\" someone yelled. I shurgged and went back to my comp. PosionIvy: Heyyy Benny Jock4Life: Hey baby girl PosionIvy: We are over. BYE! PosionIvy has signed off I was now single. WHOO-HOO! He can go and fck Diana Cammer all he wants and I don't give a SHIT! I put in my ipod and \"Fall Out Boy's\" 'Dance,Dance' was blasting out of the speakers. I combed my hair and put on jeans. I slipped on a white tank to match my blonde/red hair. It's naturally like that. I hate it. Yes, i am a rebel. IVY'S A REBEL SO WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU CARE!? I let my hair down and sway to the music while I typed up my Physics report. \"joaquin, what have we done wrong?\" Dorinda asked. \"I don;t know, she was fine until...\" \"Until 13. When she became a legal teen.\" Dorinda finished. Her husband nodded. \"Here, why don't we talk to her?\" Joaquin suggested. \"Heck, that won't work.\" said a voice. They turned around to see Ivy's best friend, Erick Anotonio, son of angel and galleria. \"Hi Erick, how's your mom?\" Dorinda asked. Erick sat down in his second home. \"Ok, she's stressed. Kendra is starting college, Angelica is being a bitch and became a frickin' vergatarian. Dad lost his thing. He doesn't want music anymore, he wants the listen, not make. Mom's not ready though.\" he explained. \"Oh, poor Galleria. Ivy's upstairs.\" Dorinda said. \"k, i'll get her head straight.\" he said. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Dorinda laied down on the bed, sleeping as the doctor went out of the room. Joaquin grabb"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Evil in the Blood","Author":"JuliaBoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11696453","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So we escaped but with his last ounce of free will he, somehow conjured up from some ill used recess, managed to check us into a mental institution. It was under a false name and he was fuzzy on the details to the attending nurse but he convinced them to lock us up with tighter chains that even I could break in this weary, weak body of his. When the blood spattered across the pale skin of his teenage face, he felt it immediately but the full process had yet to begun. Long after he'd felt the spray or looked deep into those round soulless things or even before he heard the gun shots that would mark the start of the end. The true moment came the second the life slipped from the indomitable grasp of Harry Warden. So, the crimson red had seeped itself though the recesses and pours of the boy's face, going deeper until it merged with his own blood. This blood then travelled with the rest of his blood to corse through the veins that resided in his brain. There in his mind the blood had brought with it the soul of that slain monster of a man. Harry Williams would not even let death cease his rein of terror. \"Harry doesn't talk.\" Was the response he gave to the doctor who sat across from him, behind his wooden desk. The room was small but modest. The psychiatrist sat heavy in his thick black leather chair, the kind the spins. He was younger than most senior shrinks; about forty odd, perhaps late thirty, with well controlled black hair and thick black glasses. A chick might think him nice looking but not handsome. \"What do you mean Harry doesn't talk?\" The shrink asked in response. It was always just like shrinks to ask about something that was obvious. Hadn't I just said all there was to be said? \"He just doesn't.\" The doctor made that noise, you know the one, like a hmm but with more meaning behind it, like he'd reached some conclusion or at least had theorised a so-called 'hypothesis'. \"The how do you communicate?\" He asked again. I sighed, the details always exasperated and frightened me at the same time; it was a strange combination. \"At first I thought he wasn't in my head.\" I paused, God this was confusing even to me, \"At first I thought he was a person, someone who existed just like you or me. You know, a person.\" Taking a deep breath I continued, \"But then, I, I, I realised he wasn't. Before you know, well he came to me like any other person but I found out that he was like a ghost, not there. I found out he was in my head. He was taking me over and making me do bad things. He controlled my body. I...\" I stopped. I could say any more. Midway, without even realising it I'd started to hyperventilate. I had to stop talking, I fumbled in my jacketed for my pills then I realised that they weren't there so I just kept hyperventilating. Soon everything started to fade to grey, then black and I found myself loosing control of my legs then I was out, stone cold. Of course I had no idea that soon my doctors would be meeting Harry. Tom Pines (last name, as it appears on his admittance forms) had hyperventilated and passed out. The doctor hadn't thought much of it until he woke up and went straight for his throat. But a psychiatric hospital is prepared for these things and soon he was subdued. Locking him in chains was all they could do to contain him; but when they did they found him to be calm, menacing and silent. The only sound that slipped from his mouth, apart from the few grunts he had uttered during his assault upon the doctor, was that of heavy breathing. He gave death stares to anyone and everyone. The change was obvious even to the untrained. Tom was gone, and Harry had arisen. A/N: So what do you think? Should I continue this? This was just an idea that bounced around my head after re-watching the movie again. So? Is it any good? ","Summary":" So we escaped but with his last ounce of free will he, somehow conjured up from some ill used reces"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Getting Better","Author":"evilbunnies101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8594018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why wasn't anyone listening to him? The town was falling all over itself trying to figure out these murders, but they were looking so far in the wrong direction. Blaming him. Somebody he knew, somebody they all knew, could be in danger right now and the police department was too busy staring him down in his hospital bed. Tom didn't want anyone else to die; he wanted to help, but the people he was trying to save shied away from him, accused him. People he knew growing up. People he once called friends. Sarah was the only one willing to believe him, and he was losing her faith to her jackass of a husband. That hurt worse than anything. He wasn't expecting Sarah to leave her husband, and he obviously wasn't expecting the love she felt for him ten years ago to still be there, but it was because of that love that Tom felt she should trust him, at least. He was the same guy she knew, a little broken now, a little sick, but the same guy. The meds kept the dark tendrils in his mind away, and before his return he hadn't been haunted by Harry Warden in a long time. He'd been seeing his own face in the mirror. Now, he was going to gain back a semblance of a life. He was going to keep the mine so that the townspeople had jobs. He was going to redeem himself to them. He was going to stop this killer and save these fucking people, goddammit. He was getting better, he really was. Hi. I know this is really short, but I just had FEELS. Tom is such a great character, and I can't help but feel that he's not really the bad guy. ","Summary":" Why wasn't anyone listening to him? The town was falling all over itself trying to figure out these"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Usual Tuesday","Author":"Taxi Kid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8607252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer! Just watched the movie last night! this is loosely based on what that stupid sheriff said about Tom being in a mental hospital. Jensen Ackles is probably one of my favorite actors of all time and boy was I happy when I found out that he was alive... Even though he was crazy! :) so, here it is! never saw the original, only saw the remake BECAUSE of Jensen Ackles (supernatural, people!) So I hope you like it. Tom sat in the fenced-off courtyard of the Valdez Mental Care Facility, thinking. He really didn't do any more than think these days. He felt like he needed to go back home for one reason and one reason only: to sell the mine. But Harry wanted to go back for another reason. Harry was the reason Tom's father had secretly admitted him to this facility in the middle of nowhere, Maryland. They were surrounded by thick woods; if a patient wanted to get out, they weren't going to get out of the woods alive... or they would get out looking wild and inhuman. Tom was about to complete his fourth year of staying at this place. He only stayed because it was quiet and the doctors had given up on him and his case of sharing his body with a piece of Harry. They seemed fine with having him in this place, though. Here, there was no one he wanted to kill. There was no need for violence unless someone angered Harry, and then Tom would see Harry. The doctors had tried explaining to Tom that Harry was just a hallucination, and that he himself was the real danger. It didn't even matter. Tom was aware of a nurse dressed in white coming towards him, a frown on his face. The staff here were nice, as long as patients behaved. \"It's time for your group session,\" the nurse said, pulling Tom to his feet and leading him back towards the main building: a huge brick place with tiled floors and metal doors. This group session was different from all the others: every Tuesday before four o'clock, the Valdez staff would bring random groups together in the mess hall and they would talk about why they were in there. Tom never talked though. He refused to speak about the horrors he'd seen and the person whom he now shared his existence with. Sometimes, when he actually took his medication, Harry would go away, and Tom was free to be Tom and only Tom. But Harry didn't like the meds. He refused them and had even lashed out at one of the nurses who had tried forcing them down his throat. Tom would win sometimes, though, no matter how hard Harry tried to make him lose. Today, Tom and Harry were both present throughout the group session. As his turn presented itself, Tom said, \"no\" and they moved on. After being here for nearly four years, they knew not to press. But sometimes new shrinks or shrinks-in-training pushed him so hard that Harry appeared and tried to kill someone. That had only happened twice. When Tom was led back to his room and locked in for the night after ignoring his dinner and dessert, all he could think about was making Harry go away and a normal life. Normal wasn't the right word: free was. Free of Harry. Harry wanted to get out and go back to that old mining town, but Tom didn't. So he laid down on his bed, wondering if he would spend the rest of his life here. He hoped not. Because some day, he had to come back and sell that mine. But that wouldn't be for another three years. This is just a one-shot, i might write a story about it, I don't know. would you like an actual story? I might write/might not write one (unrelated to this or not, not sure) no matter what... but your opinions are appreciated! :) thank you for reading. ","Summary":" Disclaimer! Just watched the movie last night! this is loosely based on what that stupid sheriff sa"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Sweethearts","Author":"Saint Sentiment","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8356478","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Harry can be patient. After all, it's only until next year. A/N: Lines in italics taken from Sylvia Plath's The Rabbit Catcher, with the tense tweaked. I might have a multi-chapter fic coming along concerning Tom post-movie, but I'm not sure, since this fandom appears to be dead. If you would like to see it, feel free to tell me. :3 Duality reflects in the mirror. Unadulterated. Harry wheezes back, and says nothing. His eyes are like the portholes of a dead vessel whose boarding souls wallow in the deep with water-filled lungs. His headlamp shines like a beacon of death. All morning he has been simmering there, swimming in his stomach like a terrible fish. Waiting to catch someone–anyone—alone. (I felt a still busyness, an intent) He locks Tom on the inside for this day of the year because it is special. When he comes to, blood already colors the walls, splattered with the pleading that did not save them. Several times tonight he's been forced to take off his mask in the terrible knowing that it has happened again, and he pulls off the leechy tube sock to breathe in the death. He gasps for air and sees what he's done. He cannot be forgiven. He can only turn his back to the silence, the broken bones and stifled lives. (The absence of shrieks Made a hole in the hot day A vacancy) Harry refuses understanding. Now he trudges up the path, past the squeal of sirens. Past Axel, who from no lack of trying is still alive, and Sarah, whose love for her asshole husband he's probably only strengthened (he bets Axel loves being the hero). Past the rescue workers who scatter in determination, all with their own tasks. The medics don't notice his staggering gait, the arm he holds jealously to his lower abdomen. He hopes they don't. It's so painful to walk upright he feels like he's going to pass out. The mask comes off again, teeth grit. He sneers. Harry has only been postponed. Sarah and Axel have bought themselves one more year. He waits for when their bodies, or what is left of them, will be encapsulated in history. Harry smiles for the future of their empty chest cavities, and the boxes that will be filled. That will be his final memory to Harmony. He smiles in spite of the discomfort. (How they await him, those little deaths… They wait like sweethearts.) ","Summary":" Summary: Harry can be patient. After all, it's only until next year. A/N: Lines in italics taken fr"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"The Masked Man","Author":"WhatTheF-ckHaveYouDoneLately","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7063284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Quite awhile ago, Reaper's Curse said she wanted some gore and emoness. Sorry it took so long. This is extremely gory, so if you have a weak stomach AT ALL, turn around and run. This is my first time writing for My Bloody Valentine and also my first time writing in present tense. I don't know, it just seemed to suit the fic better. Feedback and ideas for improvement are very appreciated, this is my first time writing horror. Warnings: Extreme gore, blood, violence, and brief organ play. Soundtrack: Change by Deftones, Headstrong by Trapt, Let The Bodies Hit The Floor by Drowning Pool. The blood pounds in his ears. His booted feet cover ground, each step bringing him closer to his victim. His breathing is made all the louder by his mask. His pickaxe feels familiar in his hand, the end of it rusted and covered in dried blood. The girl runs for dear life, clinging to the fragile hope that she will survive. She even prays, as if God will save her. She is Tom Hanniger's favorite kind of victim. He loves watching the light go out of their eyes, loves watching their prayers shatter right in front of them as soon as he has them cornered. He shudders in anticipation. He's quite pleased. After surviving the explosion in Harmony, he moved on to another town. This one has a mine too. This stupid girl had come here to mess around with her boyfriend against the wishes of her very Christian parents. Tom had crushed the top of the boy's skull with his pickaxe, the sharp point cutting through skull and lodging into the soft, vulnerable flesh of the brain. Blood had oozed from the wound and matted the boy's hair. Tom left his heart, for he wanted instead the vital, beating organ inside the girl he was in hot pursuit of. He had briefly toyed with the idea of taking both, but then decided to indulge himself in being choosy this time. So he went after the girl. She runs for dear life. Hannah Cooper, only sixteen years old, is about to see the end of her days, but she denies this to herself and continues to run, her worn out Converses pounding the ground beneath her. She suddenly realizes she no longer hears a second set of feet behind her. Trembling, she looks over her shoulder. The masked man is nowhere to be found. She wraps her fingers around the small silver cross she wears around her neck, sending one more prayer for her to live, for him to have left her. The mine is utterly silent. She considers turning around and trying to find a way out, or perhaps going out the way she came. But she doesn't know where the man is that killed her boyfriend and can't risk encountering him. Not to mention she isn't sure she could stomach seeing her love's cadaver. There are plenty of tunnels within this old, abandoned mine. She decides to try to find another exit. Bracing herself, she turns around, the silence telling her that she was alone. Tom Hanniger is standing right in front of her. He can be deceptively quiet. She screams and takes off, her legs weak underneath her. She can barely maintain her balance. Tom smirks as she trips over the corner of a crate. She goes sprawling, her long, dirty blond hair falling on either side of her. It is in vain when she rolls over onto her back and tries to scramble away from the masked man holding the pickaxe. She begs for him to let her go, insists that he doesn't want to do this. She's wrong…he very much wants to do this. He can practically hear the pounding of her heart, strong and steady. He longs to tear it out. \"Please, no, please…\" she cries, tears streaming down her face. His reply is to bring the pickaxe down. He relishes her final scream, the one that was torn from her throat as he buried his weapon in her chest cavity. The light bleeds from her eyes; her blood bleeds from her chest. He watches, adrenaline high. There is nothing like the conclusion of a good chase. He rips her chest apart, from her ribs to her breastbone, tearing it all away. The body's natural protective appendages are only minor obstacles to him. Finally, under the blood and messily splintered bone, he encounters the object of his desire. He reaches in and grasps her heart, pulling it free, the arteries connecting it to the rest of her body snapping as he removes it. Blood seeps into his covered hands. He drops his axe and removes his mask, sucking in long, deep breaths as he frees himself. The heart is a pleasant weight in his hand. His green eyes glitter hungrily as he gazes down upon it, a cruel satisfaction spreading through him as it always does after a kill. He leans down and caresses the surface of it with his silky tongue, that delicious liquid soaking into his taste buds. Perhaps it is Harry that enjoys the taste, perhaps it is Tom. They are one and the same now. He dons his mask once more and stands, his pickaxe in one hand, the heart in the other. As he exits the mine, he takes the time to admire the state of his two victims. The girl's chest is practically shredded; the boy's skull is split open. Tom is proud of his work. He strides out into the cool dawn light. This is his favorite way to start the day. No one sees him. He stares down at his axe, which is still wet with the blood of an innocent, sixteen year old girl. He is already anticipating his next victim. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Quite awhile ago, Reaper's Curse said she wanted some gore and emoness. Sorry it too"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"No Escape","Author":"Siduel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6122141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a little one shot I wrote after I watched the movie. It was a bada** movie! Tom Hanniger awoke from another nightmare of that one Valentine's Day. He rises from his motel bed and walks over to the bathroom sink. Splashing water on his face, Tom tries to rub away the memories that played with his mind. His eyes remained closed as he recalled when Harry Warden, a miner of his father's, tried to kill him. Harry had woke from a coma after being trapped in the mines thanks to Tom's mistake. Whatever happened down there changed Harry into a murderer, killing his fellow miners with his pickax. Tom took in a shaky breath as the image of the gas mask Harry was wearing appeared in his head. For years, Tom tried to run away from that mask, he even left Harmony to escape the mask. Taking in a deep breath through his nostrils, Tom remembered what happened when he returned to Harmony after ten years of absence. Harry, who was supposedly buried alive in the mines, was back and killing those around him. However, Tom discovered that it wasn't Harry that was killing everyone. In his mind, the criminal was the town sheriff Axel. No matter how much he pleaded Sarah to shoot Axel she didn't. To his surprise, it wasn't Alex at all. Exhaling shakily out his mouth, Tom opened his eyes slowly to look at himself in the mirror. The person who looked back at Tom wasn't himself. Looking back at Tom was the gas mask Harry had worn when he killed all those people. The mask he couldn't escape. The very mask he himself wore when he killed all those people once he returned to Harmony. Harry had long since died ten years ago but he remained inside Tom. Playing tricks with Tom's mind to believe that he had returned. Tom stared back at Harry as Harry stared back at him through the mirror. There was no escaping Harry, no escaping the murders, no escaping that damned mask. Review if you want. Not like it'll disappear if you don't. ","Summary":" Just a little one shot I wrote after I watched the movie. It was a bada** movie! Tom Hanniger awoke"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"What He Fears Most","Author":"just sammich","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5403629","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What He Fears Most PG 100 words Author's note Very short ficlet centered on Tom Hanniger coming to terms with the fact that he is Harry Warden. --- Tom sees him when he looks in the mirror. Even the pills don't help anymore. He sees the mask and the light and the suit, and he screams when Harry reaches for him, gloved hand breaking through the dirty glass. Tom knows he isn't really there… Or at least a part of him knows. Still, he screams. He pounds on the glass, fighting back until there is nothing but shards and tears and blank eyes reflected in what's left. The blood is on his hands. The deaths are on his head. Harry Warden is no more. Only Tom Hanniger remains. ","Summary":" What He Fears Most PG 100 words Author's note Very short ficlet centered on Tom Hanniger coming to "},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"In Another Mind's Eye","Author":"fun.lover2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5302751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: In Another Mind'snEye Rating: PG-13 Fandom: My BloodynValentine (09) Series: One-Shot Summary: A one-shot aboutnthe 7 years Tom spent in the mental institution and what he wentnthrough before getting out and returning to Harmony. The doctor passed by room 201 andnlooked though it's glass window. He shook his head as he continued tonwalk on. About a week later, they had admitted a man who looked to benin his early twenties, who claimed to have almost been a victim ofnHarry Warden, the miner who became trapped when the mine collapsed,nand was supposed to be in a coma for years, but woke up only tonmurder many people on Valentine's Day. The doctors had heard of thenstory, but they didn't believe it. The man went by the name of TomnHanniger, the son of the owner of Hanniger Mine in the small town ofnHarmony, Pennsylvania. Days passed by, even though it feltnlike weeks. Tom had been stuck in this place for it seemed likenforever. He would just walk around the room, hoping to find a way outnof there. He sat down in a corner of the room, his knees drawn upnagainst his chest, staring off into space. He jumped as he heard anknock at the door. Tom stood up and answered the door to see a doctornstanding there. \"Mr. Hanniger, it's time fornyour weekly therapy session.\" He went through weekly therapynsessions to help him cope with what he was going through. But it wasnonly hindering him more than helping. The doctor escorted him down tonthe Therapy room where a woman in her mid thirties sat in chair withna notepad in her lap and pen in her hand. Tom walked in and laid downnon the couch. \"Hello, Tom. How are you thisnafternoon?\" \"Well, I've been stuck in thisnplace for it seems like forever.\" \"It's only been three years.\" Tom leaned up and looked at her,nslightly stunned. \"Three years?\" \"Yes.\" Tom laid back down onto the couch. \"Now, tell me what happened.\" Tom sighed, \"Not again.\"nHe stared at the ceiling before begining to speak. \"Me and somenof my friends threw a party down at the Mine, not thinking thatnanything would happen. Everything was going fine until I came backnfrom the truck and my girlfriend, Sarah, grabbed me and was screamingnthat everyone was dead. He then started coming for us.\" \"Harry.\" Tom nodded. \"We then begannrunning towards the car and they made it, but I didn't.\" \"What do you mean?\" Shenbegan writing down notes on her notepad. \"They made it to the car butnhe struck down on me. I don't know what happened next because I fellnwhen he struck. The next thing I know, he's staring down at me. Henwould've killed me if it hadn't have been for him getting shotndirectly in front of me.\" The therapist wrote down some notesnon her pad. She then looked back up at him. \"And what did younsay he murdered his victims with?\" \"A pickaxe. A really longnpickaxe. When he couldn't get to his victims, he would sometimesnthrow it and it would hit them. But not always.\" \"Okay, I believe that will benall for today. See you next week.\" Tom stood up and walked over to thendoor, followed by the therapist. She opened the door to reveal thensame doctor who escorted him standing there. Tom walked out andnwalked with the doctor back to his room. As he entered his room, he walkednback over to the corner he was in before and sat down, drawing hisnknees back up to his chest. As he sat there, he would rock back andnforth, Tom felt like someone, or something, was taking over his mind. There was no telling how long he'dnbeen there now. The last time he was with his therapist, she saidnthat he had been there for three years. It had to have been close tonfive years now. Yet, each day, he felt like he was going to go morenand more out of his mind. He looked like he hadn't slept in days, orneven months. A loud knock disrupted him from a deep sleep he hadnfinally forced himself into. Tom stood up and walked over to the doornto see the doctor standing there. He opened it up. \"Mr. Hanniger, time for yournweekly therapy session.\" \"Um, I'm not really up for itntoday.\" The doctor just looked at him, thennresponded. \"You're going.\" Without warning, the doctor grabbednTom by the arm and dragged him down the hall towards the Therapynroom. The therapist heard them coming and opened the door to see himnbeing literally dragged down the hall, screaming and shouting not tongo. \"No! You can't make me! Let gonof me!\", Tom screamed as he writhed in the doctor's grip. \"Shut up and get in there!\" The doctor shoved him into the roomnas the therapist shut the door behind him. Tom fell to the floor,nthen stood up and walked over to the couch, lying down. The therapistnwalked back over to her chair and sat down, getting her notepadnready. \"Hello, Tom. I heard that youndidn't want to come today.\" \"Yeah.\" \"How come?\" \"I don't know.\" He satnup. \"I just haven't felt myself lately.\" \"How so?\" She made a fewnnotes on her notepad. \"I feel like someone ornsomething is taking over my mind. It may just be that I've been stucknin this place for so long.\" \"That could be a factor.\" \"I'll be so glad to get out ofnhere. I don't belong here.\" \"Yes, you do. When you camenhere four years ago, you admitted that you had a problem; that younneeded help.\" \"Well, now I think I'mndoubting that. I'm feeling fine, really. I'm alright.\" He let ansmall smile creep onto his face. The therapist smiled back. \"Can you tell me how long I'venbeen here now?\" \"Yes.\" She looked throughnher notes, then looked back up at him. \"You have been here fornseven months.\" \"Wow, seven months. Doesn'tnseem like it's been that long. Could I please leave from here? I'mnfine, really.\" \"Well, you have seemed to shownsome improvement since you've been here. We will let you go. But, Indo want to put you on some medication that will hopefully help younwith the struggles you may still be dealing with.\" \"Sounds good to me.\" Tomnsat up and looked at the therapist, giving her another small smile.nThe therapist took out another pad and began writing down anprescription for him to get filled. She tore it off and handed it tonhim. \"I want you to follow justnwhat it says on there and, I hope things work out for you.\" \"Yes ma'am. Thank you sonmuch.\" With the paper in hand, Tom walkednout of the Therapy room and back to his room, changing back into hisnnormal clothes. He grabbed his stuff and walked out the door, nevernlooking back. Once he got checked out and got into his car, he headednto the only place he could find peace in, Harmony. ","Summary":" Title: In Another Mind'snEye Rating: PG-13 Fandom: My BloodynValentine (09) Series: One-Shot Summar"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Lost My Way","Author":"DeanBean","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5242651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lost My Way This is just a little drabble about Tom's thoughts at the beginning of the movie after Harry Warden attacks him. Word count: 491 Tom's P.O.V. He had watched as his friends drove away, leaving him behind. He had only a moment to ponder on that particular thought before he was on his feet and running, his wounded arm held tight against his body. He had grown up in these mines, knew the layout like the back of his hand; he had been down here countless times with his father while he was at work before he too became a worker in the Hanniger Mines. He used to spend hours here, in the cold and the dark working just as his father had, wanting to make him proud. He used to spend hours in these mines until last year and the dreaded Valentines Day accident. Harry Warden had killed all those men. And it had been his fault. He hadn't stepped foot inside these mines until tonight. And now he wasn't so sure he would set foot outside again either. Keeping close to the walls he scanned around him looking for any sign of Harry. If he could make it another fifty feet or so he would be able to access the side door that would allow him to leave the mine and come out on the side hill. Taking a last glance around, his heart thundering against his ribs he started to walk, his footsteps light to try and hide his presence, fear coiled around his like a deadly snake. He couldn't have taken more than one step when he heard the presence behind him. Harry Warden. Everything after that moment was a blur. There was a struggle; one that he obviously did not win, his opponent was bigger and stronger and that wasn't even taken into account that Tom was walking wounded. He fell to the ground; scrabbling backwards he knew this was it. It was over. Harry was going to carry out the vindication he felt was due for the mistakes that Tom had made. He held his breath, eyes wide with fear, breath stilled in his chest. Looking up into the mask, the light bright against his eyes though he couldn't turn away, awaiting his death. But it never came. Harry's form shuddered as he stood over Tom. A bullet wound tore through him, spraying blood all of Tom's face, the liquid warm and sickly. After that time seemed to speed up and slow down. Harry was relentless. He had come here to seek revenge and he would leave until he was satisfied. Officer Burke came over to him, laying his hand on his shoulder in a gesture that was meant to offer comfort but Tom only felt cold and numb. Burke was saying something to him but the words were muted, as if they were being spoken under water, before he pushed away and chased after Harry. Sitting there in the mines, alone and cold Tom felt unconnected from himself and everything around him. And he knew. He had lost his way. Please leave a review and let me know what you think. Thanks. DeanBean xx ","Summary":" Lost My Way This is just a little drabble about Tom's thoughts at the beginning of the movie after "},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Hide And Seek","Author":"SilentKnightInDisguise11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5794072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Hide And Seek Summary: Poem! Tom Hanniger likes to play a dangerous game of hide and seek... Genre: Horror, Suspense Rating: T --- Silent Knight: I was feeling emo today, and so, this is what was made. Hope you like it. ;) Oh, and the \"he\" in this poem, is, obviously, Tom Hanniger. *faints* And the person who's POV this is in can be either an OC, or someone in \"My Bloody Valentine.\" *shrugs* What do I own? This poem and the idea for it. Nothing else. (Maybe the person who's POV it is in considering the fact I intended on it being an OC. But, eh, whatever) Silent Knight over and out! Hide And Seek Poem I try to keep myself hidden, My breaths coming in quiet gasps Closing my eyes, I try to make myself smaller Blood is gushing down my arm, So I keep my hand on it, trying to stop the blood flow If it continues to pool, he'll see it This whole thing is a game to him A bloody game of hide and seek If he finds me, it's over for me This game meant for children is now what seals my future Either I live and he doesn't, Or he lives and I don't My heart pounds as I hear his footsteps They echo in my ears, clinging onto me I lean against the wall, my body folding more into itself Tears begin to fall, the saltiness stinging my tongue Finally, his boots come in my downward view I look up at his grinning face My blood turns cold, Fingers numbing, Heartbeat escalating He found me... ","Summary":" Title: Hide And Seek Summary: Poem! Tom Hanniger likes to play a dangerous game of hide and seek..."},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Not So Happy Valentine's Day","Author":"theangelofthur2day2agemiinii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7837467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I HATE Valentine's day. Everything always happens to ME this day. And so does Harry Warden. See the connection? And yes this is THE Harry Warden, not the wanna-be killer that it turns out to be at the end. No, it's the real Harry. Based on the original film from 1981. This is what I honestly really think is what happened down at the mine. Not word for word, but just the consept. Because nobody gets THAT crazy without something deeper happening to him. Little one shot I've had on my mind sence I've woken up. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Warden, or My Bloody Valentine, just Jenny. Jennifer pased back and forth in the old mine, thinking of ways for revenge. She huffed and growled under her breath and cursed out loud when she realized that her idea only made sence in a Tom and Jerry or old Looney Tones cartoon. And right now, she was feeling like a certian cyote. \"Ugh! Fuck that! I don't even know where to GET itching powder, let alone one that will actually work!\" She picked up a good sized rock and hurled it deep into the dark path leading to the abandoned section. She knew the whole place by heart. She would sneak down here bright and early in the morning to explore. She hated that girls couldn't work in the mine. She could swing a pick ax and worked twice as hard than anybody else in Valentine! \"Who the hell even named this stupid town!\" 'Ok mabe I can ruin her room some how. I do have some stink bombs. Ya those might work! Oh a skunk! Even better! They're always up by the woods, I'll just need some gear so I won't smell terrible afterwards...\" And with that she light up the notebook in her hands with her flashlight-helmet thing she borrowed from the equptment room. She scribble down everything she would need, and where she would get them. Then on the other side of that page she began to scribble what her gear should look like. She couldn't make any connection. She growled again and pitched a rock down the tunnel again. She turned suddenly and saw a man in a full body miners suit towering over her, his pick axe raised. She inctictively screamed and yanked at the hose running down the base of the mask, causing it to strech and snap back when released. The man fell on his back stunned, accidently dropping his pick axe. \"Holy crap you're Harry Warden ain't ya! Oh sick dude we all thought you were dead! Wait why are you here anyways?\" Harry frowned 'Why do they always assume I'm dead?' He knew nobody would understand his muffled voice under the mask, and there was no way in hell he would be stupid enough to take it off, so he wrote in the dirt. 'Well either way this aughta scare them in the morning tommrow.' He placed his finger on the dirt and dragged it across the soft loose eath under them. He finished and looked up at the small stranger tilting he head trying to read his hand writing. \"There's a Valentine's day party, and they'll all be sorry. The first to go is you, but don't worry the others will be dead soon to.\" She read then quckly reacted by picking up his dropped axe and raising it over her head threating to use it. \"Hey hey hey! Relax! I'm on your damn side! Granted my meathods are a little less harsh but still.\" Harry tilted his head. He has never heard of a teenage girl living in Valentine to hate today. He was a bit shocked. He slowly writes in the dirt again. \"Why don't you like Valentine's day? Well I'll tell ya why Mister Warden. every stinkin' year something happens to me! Last year I nearly broke my back working for months in advance to try to get this girl I was going out with a some stupid giant teddy bear right? Well what happens is, I give it to her and what does she do? Breaks up with me by the end of the day because she thinks I don't find her 'important' enough. Then she starts going out with the school slut.\" She says as she does air quotes with the word 'important'. To Harry it looked like she was clawing someome's eyes out. \"And this year,\"-she continues-\"I get dragged along to help set up the dance, which I did not even want to go to mind you, I just like to decorate stuff. Then when I finally get there in time, to ya know say hi and hang out a little because there was absalutly nothing else to do in this town, I get the boot because I didn't 'help out enought' even thought I literally decorated the place while the rest were probably in the freezer having sex.\" By this time Harry was already standing, brushing himself off. He doges a rock that goes sailing his way. \"So why do you hate Valentine's day? I mean you did just almost kill be just because of some stupid party.\" Harry didn't really feel like writing his whole story out. He unscrewed the hose, making it easier to understand him. He leaned up agianst the jagged rock wall and Jenny sat down on the pick axe. Harry sighed and told her his whole story from being trapped in the mine, surviving by eating human flesh, escaping from the mental hospital he was sent to when found, and killing the two supor visors who were too stupid to wait a bit more and caused the whole mess in the first place. He turned and gasped silently, his eyes wide with suprise. He was expcting for the young lady to me running away, or trying to kill him with the pick axe, or atleast emptying her stomach in a corner somewhere. Instead she was looking at him, her eye brows pushed together contomplating the whole story. \"Well by my understanding they desirved to die. But shame on you, you should have buried them alive and kill the survivor outta that. They died too fast the way you killed them. Or they should have atleast been alive when extracting their heart. Which was a really good touch by the way. So quick question, how does human taste like?\" \"Suprisingly like chicken, even if it was raw. But not really as good as chicken makes it sound, it's just a good thing to compair it to.\" He began to remember the deadful day of his first bite. It was one of his closest friends that died first. They had known eachother sence they were six. He and the other's had no choice. The man was already dead through no fault of their own. He had gotten an untreatable head wound during the cave in. Harry remembered him shivering and his screams of pain from his pounding headaches, him praying to anybody who happen to be listen. He remembered sitting by his friend telling childhood memories. They would laugh together, forgetting the situation they were in momentarly. Harry remembered the look of fear slowly glazing his friend's eyes. The real trouble came when his friend slipped into what he guessed was a coma. The others were getting more hysterical and dehumanized by the minute. Harry himself was also losing it, but he had to protect his friend no matter what. He held his friend close to him wrapped up in blankets, protecting his unresposive body. The other miners were attacking Harry for the body, in hopes of a meal, but he wouldn't listen to their hunger filled voice of reasoning, or his own for that matter. He stayed awake day and night to gard the breathing corpse. He watched the other three as they sat the opposite side of him. They watched his every move, waiting for him to sleep. Harry was stronger than the others, which is why he was able to keep them away. He rocked his friend back and forth whispering more joyful memories. He hoped that his friend was atleast happy in his unwakeable slumber. Then came that moment he was dreading. The body went completely limp in his arms. He stopped breathing all together, and the gash on his head stopped bleeding. Harry began slapping his friend, not accepting what just happened. The other's were quick to react to his sudden break down. Two tackled and pinned him to the ground while the 'leader' of the three searched Harry untill he found what he was looking for, a jagged knife Harry kept on his person. The two held down the strugging Harry with great force. All in all, Harry was tired. He felt as if he could fall asleep and never wake again. But at this moment his eyes were glued to the image happening before him. Watching the small knife being raised and drawn down to his sleeping friend's chest. Still no bleeding. It all seemed to surreal and too nightmareish to be true. He wondered at this point of he was even awake. He smelled the rotting insides, and felt the suddle heat from the body. Tears were cascading down his face, but he did not dare make a sound. \"How about the first bite goes to the one and only Harry Warden? What do ya say boys? For making us wait so god damn long.\" He remembered the bony man say to the followers. He suddenly had the face and hands of the grim reaper, but with more skin. He watched as the man cut out the heart of his friend. He walked over to Harry with the bloody heart in his hand, shoving it in his face. Harry refused to open up. The skeleton had started to get annoyed and kicked Harry on the side of his head. He screamed momentairy, only to have a heart shoved into his mouth, then being gagged and forced to eat it. \"Happy Valentine's day Warden!\" He was forced to sit and watch as his friend was devored before his very eyes. He had been tied up, hand behind his back and feet bound together, at the moment. He wanted to look away, but his eyes were plastered to the actions being done before him. He had swallowed the heart in chunks, keeping it away from his tastebuds. The three had fallen asleep and Harry had taken the time to get out of his bindings and untie his feet. He found a pick axe he had hidden and easily killed the three cannibals. He smiled and looked over to the mass of meat, blood, and bone on the floor. \"I promise you Jimmy. I will have revenge. If they forget about what happened to you, they will sure as hell remember me!\" He devoured one of the three men's arms. He had gotten through 2 bodies and was feeling healthier. But he did not sleep. He felt as if his life would rewinde and he would have to experience it all over again. He needed revenge first. Only after and not a second before. He blamed himself. If he had been stronger he would have woken him up. There was nothing he could do... \"Oh my god I got it!\" Jenny said loudly, her voice bouncing off of the walls and travling down the never ending darkness. Harry jumped being pulled out of thought so quickly. He looked at her, his chest pumping up and down like a rollar coaster. She turned to him. \"Harry do you know where the party is even being held?\" He shook his head no. \"Well if I tell you where, you have to promise to kill some spesific people, then who ever else you damn well please. Deal?\" He nodded his head suprised and took a post-it note with a list of names on them. He shook his head and laughed in disbelief. This girl obviously has her own problems. And he will find out soon, but not now. Yep, Harry deffantly hates Valentine's day, but this year is going to start out ok. ","Summary":" A/N: I HATE Valentine's day. Everything always happens to ME this day. And so does Harry Warden. Se"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Till Eternity Passes Away","Author":"grumkinsnark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6081116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was written for the lovely bhoney who generously donated to the Support Stacie Author Auction, and requested a Tom/Sarah fic from the (remake) My Bloody Valentine . Hopefully she's still cool with me posting it here. Anyway. This was a very different kind of story to write for me, and while it was a welcome challenge, it was a challenge nonetheless. Till Eternity Passes Away Damn it, Sarah, I need you to understand! I need somebody to understand. You're the only one I can trust . It's pouring, and she's cut and bruised, and Tom's shot and bleeding and bruised, and dozens of people are dead, and the mine is collapsed, and her son's fatherless, but right now, Sarah can't be bothered to give much of a damn. Doctors and psychologists would call it posttraumatic stress disorder, she's sure of that—and why wouldn't it be? She's pretty sure what she went through counts as \"trauma\"—but, thing is, she doesn't feel particularly abnormal. Oh, sure, her mind can't focus on one thought for any longer than a second or two, and she's reasonably positive that her hands haven't always been shaking and that there aren't four ambulances, but she's seen all the war movies Noah's so fond of. She's seen the broken soldiers' reactions and mentalities, and she doesn't feel like they had. In fact, if she pretends that all the crap that had just happened didn't happen, then she might as well have just been out for a hike with her family. Family . She's hit with a sudden, overwhelming urge to pick up Noah in her arms and hold him there forever, even though she's just gotten off the phone with one of the officers who found him hidden in the linen closet. Fine, but scared. She'd requested they don't bring him here. Don't bring him to see her yet. She doesn't want her son to see her like this. She wants him to see her as his stalwart mother, to still hero-worship his father, to be naïve enough to where he doesn't really realize what's happened, or what will happen. He's ten, he's ten and she knows he's old enough to comprehend everything, because he inherited her intuition and Axel's perseverance. She knows she won't be able to hold him off forever. And she knows that she doesn't have a lot of time in which to come up with an explanation. The way she sees it, she's got two options: Tell Noah the truth, tell him everything, risk his hatred of her and nights spent crying himself to sleep. Or don't tell him the truth, tell him that everything'll be okay, that Daddy's just gone away for a while. That don't worry, sweetheart, Mommy loves you , and hope he takes that as an answer. But, thing is, it isn't just Noah she has to deal with. She looks down at the injured but handsome face of her former lover, the caked blood slowly sliding down his cheek with the rain, the dirt clinging to his eyelashes. She knows his brain had fallen into unconsciousness to stave off pain, and she's sure that she doesn't like him looking like this, wishes it were different. When she remembered him—at least before the mining accident—she saw genuine smiles, and eyes full of adoration for her , only for her . But then he returned, and he was different. Tense. Frightened. Jaded. Lost . He wasn't the Tom Hanniger she knew. He was a man who had been dealt a lousy hand, and hadn't been able to bluff his way out of it. He'd been hit with tidal wave after tidal wave of Heaven knows what, and hadn't been able to pull himself out of the current. He'd descended into…something, something she doesn't know, and she wonders if she'll ever figure out what it was. Somehow, she knows she'll be okay (well, okay being a relative term), if nothing else than because she still has her son. But Tom…she sees his face taut even in sleep, and hates that she sees it. He's not the same man she once knew, and she doesn't know if he'll ever completely return. \"Ma'am,\" says one of the paramedics, coming up to her with a hat drawn low over his face. \"Ma'am, we need to check you out.\" \"I'm all right,\" she says flatly, looking but not seeing. \"Just…just give me another minute.\" The man stares at her tersely for a few moments, but she's not bleeding and her body's not broken, so he leaves her. She lowers a trembling hand down to Tom's face, brushes his hair from his forehead. Her fingers linger a trail down his jaw, over his lips, tracing a path that's harder and yet the same from ten years ago. She leaves her hand there, careful to avoid the lacerations and purpling bruises, and closes her eyes. For just a second, her mind allows her a reprieve from its maelstrom of thoughts, and in that one second, she's at peace. Before, of course, a bright, blue-white light flashes over her eyelids, soon accompanied by a thick roll of thunder. She counts. One…two… Three…four… Five…Six… Seven…Eight… Nine…Ten… Eleven… She loses count, doubts she was counting right anyway, but it doesn't matter. The lightning is far away, and a not-so-small part of her wishes she were, too. \" I've been working the past seventy-two hours! When would I have had time to play psycho?\" She stalls. The gun's heavy in her hands, the weight unfamiliar and unwanted. It's pointed at her husband, and if she should press the trigger, it would go straight to his heart. Stop it forever. The gun wavers. She wavers. \" You're the sheriff, Axel. I mean, you come and go as you please.\" It's only for a half-second, and her memory would later try to erase it, but for that half-second, she's relieved at that voice. That voice that's now gravelly and forced instead of smooth and confident, but the one that's always been reassuring. The heavy footfalls in boots with thick leather, and that same stupid green jacket she gave him senior year. He's wired, she can feel it in the air, but he's assuring to her. For a half-second. Before her surroundings and situation assault her again, and she's stuck in between two men that she loves ( Do you? ), and her mutinous hands wildly swing the pistol over to him, the flinch in his jaw causing her guilt. He doesn't deserve this , her heart commands. He's him . The hell're you doing? He isn't your husband , her mind says. He isn't. He left. Axel stayed. End of story. \" All right, Tom, stay back!\" she finds herself shouting, marveling at how distant her voice sounds. Though maybe it's the echo in the mine. Maybe both. She doesn't know. Can't keep herself focused enough to figure it out. \" It's okay, Sarah.\" I know , she wants to say. I know it is. Now. But she doesn't. \" The both of you, stop fucking moving!\" she screams, the two men doing exactly the opposite, and she awkwardly maneuvers the firearm between them, wondering how in the world her life had been turned so upside down. Why her? Why now? Why this? \" Sarah. Look at me. Shoot him , and he won't move.\" He's her husband, and she trusts him. Should trust him. Has every reason in the world to trust him. (When it comes down to her life, she has to amend. Maybe not in her love life, but her survival, she trusts him.) She has no reason to trust Tom, not after all this time. But her finger stays off the trigger, and for the first time in a long time, she doesn't know what to do. She stares at Tom, can't manage to look anywhere else. \" Axel, we're gonna get you help.\" \" You are so full of shit!\" Shut up! Shut up, shut up, her brain screams, the order not quite making it to her mouth. Don't speak to him like he's— A murderer. Don't speak to him like he's a murderer. \"Come on, Sarah, let's get you home,\" someone—a paramedic? Policeman? She doesn't know—is telling her, gently moving her towards a car. \"Your little boy's asking for his mom.\" She wants to object, she doesn't want Noah to see her like this, she doesn't , but her brain isn't working right, her thoughts aren't working right, and she lets the man guide her into the backseat as he takes the front. Harmony isn't exactly a large town, hardly a pinprick on the Pennsylvania map, and so getting to her home doesn't take long. Her mind rather on the fritz right now, she doesn't notice the blood stained on the hardwood, the paramedic glancing nervously at it before relaxing, seeing that she doesn't. He makes a note to tell someone to clean it thoroughly before Sarah catches sight of it. Also to keep her in as calm a mindset as possible. He nearly snorts at himself for thinking the situation is anything but normal, but just the same… Noah's sitting on the couch uncertainly watching cartoons next to a policewoman, who puts on an air of nonchalance for the his sake, but is obviously on high alert, her right hand resting on the butt of her .45. When Sarah walks into the room, Noah immediately runs over to her, throwing his arms around her waist. She picks him up and hugs him to her, tight enough that he complains she's suffocating him. The policewoman says something to her, and Sarah feels herself replying, and she must have said convincingly that she was okay, because the woman departs, though she does leave her piece on the end table. Sarah loosens her grip on Noah a little, but doesn't release him. She can't. \" Shoot him, Sarah! He's right there—shoot him!\" Some piece of her says Tom's just trying to distract her, but she ignores it. This look on Tom's face…it's not a lie. She turns, and jerks backward just in time to feel the air in front of her jostle with the metal of a pickaxe, and scrambles away to get as far from the threat as possible. She needn't have worried on that last count—he's paused. He's fuckin' huge and fuckin' deadly and a fuckin' killer, but he's paused. She looks behind her to see Tom similarly paused. Only, this time it's in unadulterated fury . It's written in all the lines that shouldn't be on his young face, and in the set of his shoulders that show his muscles are wound tight as a tripwire. But Tom's not looking at what almost killed her. He's looking at something else—some one else. With dread in the pit of her stomach, she follows his line of sight and sees Axel standing there just as he had before. Except, now, his face is not that of anger and exhaustion, but an odd type of…equanimity. His hand lowers from the stock of the axe, the action having been a preventative measure for Harry's killing blow. This time. \" A-Axel?\" she finds herself saying, the gun somewhere off to her right. She looks up at the man dressed in a miner suit and holding a huge-ass weapon, his heavy breathing echoing throughout the mine. \"What's—?\" She can't finish the sentence. \" I knew it,\" says Tom, tearing his eyes from his rival to that of the face—the mask—that had haunted him for going on eleven years now. \"I knew you weren't dead.\" If the miner, if Harry, is smiling or smirking or sneering under the mask, no one can tell. He just keeps on breathing, keeps on adjusting his lethal grip on the axe. \"Why?\" Sarah pleads, wondering when the hell everything had gone so wrong . When Axel had gone wrong. The wedding ring on her finger feels suddenly heavy, for a reason she can't explain. \" Oh, trust me, Sarah,\" says Axel calmly, \"I nearly killed this bastard myself when I found out he was staying up on Dad's property. But I didn't. And you want to know why?\" Tom glares. Sarah stares. (This isn't her husband, she's dreaming, she is, she is .) Axel points at Tom, and gives a smile that is entirely alien upon his face. \"You, Tom,\" he says. Harry takes a step forward, but Axel holds out a hand and, like a Great White on a chain, he halts. \"You came back into town after all this time, and set your sights on my wife. You really expected me to allow that to happen?\" \" Axel, you always were a sneaky son of a bitch, but I never thought you'd turn to a serial killer, this killer,\" Tom spits, face tight. \"I mean, all you had to do was say 'please' and I woulda left.\" Sarah wants to yell at Tom to stop fucking antagonizing Axel when there's a fucking axe murderer, the axe murderer not but fifteen feet from him. But her brain and her mouth seem to be taking separate vacations at the moment. Axel doesn't rise to the bait. \"Here's how this is all gonna go down,\" he says, like he's giving a speech for Vice Parliamentarian. \"My buddy Harry here is going to get some face time with his favorite colleague, and you and me, Sarah, we're gonna go on like none of this ever happened. Sounds like a plan, don't it?\" Sarah gapes in horror at Axel. \"What happened to you?\" she gasps. \"When did you turn—\" \" What, crazy?\" asks Axel. \"Oh, sweetheart, I'm not crazy. For that, you might want to look at Tom over here.\" A muscle in Tom's jaw spasms, but apart from that, he gives no reaction. Sarah's too petrified to even consider reacting. \"Sarah,\" says Tom lowly, the tone one she's never heard before, and is certain she'd never wanted to, \"run.\" \" What?\" she sputters, caught off-guard. \"I'm not leaving you.\" Axel's mouth twitches in anger, but apparently he's complacent enough with the situation to not remark on Sarah's declaration. \"No, Tom's right, Sarah,\" Axel says. \"You really should go. Let us sort this out.\" Tom glances upwards for a split second, and then slowly bends down, picking up Axel's gun from the ground. Sarah watches him in fear and confusion and prayer. He points it at Axel, finger firmly on the trigger. The Tom she knew wouldn't kill anyone, but the look in his eyes now says he's all too ready to send a bullet right through Axel's chest. \" Shoot me if you want,\" says Axel, before pointing to Harry. \"But he'll still want a sit-down with you.\" \" I ain't shooting you,\" says Tom. Before anyone can make sense of his words, he points the gun above Axel and Harry's heads and fires. The round embeds itself in the ceiling, and, as Tom had expected (okay, hoped), sounds of rock breaking resounds throughout the mine. Making use of his distraction, Tom leans down to grab Sarah. \" Go!\" he commands to her. She can't move, the sound in the mine deafening. Tom's half-dragging, half-carrying her through the tunnels with practiced efficiency, hands warm and safe on her back. She hears a crack that's entirely different from the splintering rock and entirely identical to when Tom pulled the trigger, and suddenly he falters, a grunt escaping his lips. She turns around, but he's still pushing her, preventing her from looking anywhere but his face and then the mine shaft. \"Please .\" Her legs begin to betray her desire to remain behind, leave Tom to do something she fears, but a voice stops her. \" Sarah!\" It's Axel's, and his tone is of normal chord, the same tone he'd used when he tried to console her after Tom vanished, the same tone he'd used when he swore his vows to her. She looks at him from across the mine, and then to Tom, and then back again. Tom has no such reservations and, evidently giving up on trying to persuade Sarah to get the hell out of the mine, runs farther in, to where Axel and Harry are still present. Well, Axel anyway. Harry's nowhere to be found. Tom raises the firearm, this time with the intent to legitimately kill. Axel's face is so similar to that of when Tom knew him a decade ago that he hesitates for just a moment. And then Axel smiles, bringing out a gun that had been strapped to his ankle. His eyes drift the slightest bit to something over Tom's shoulder, and Tom, despite his red haze of fury and homicide, notices it. He hits the ground with an exclamation of pain, drops of blood from the gunshot wound in his abdomen that Axel had inflicted decorating the rock crimson. A beat later, he hears another grunt, this one not his own. He looks up to see Axel standing stunned for a few seconds, before dropping to his knees, and then onto his back. There's a very familiar pickaxe stuck dead center in his stomach, rivers of red pouring from the wound, his brown eyes dark as the blood. Tom then twists around, ignoring the agony in his side, to see Harry standing there, his expression somehow maniacal even though Tom can't see it for the mask. He takes striding steps towards Tom, his sole objective to kill him barehanded if he has to. But, even though Tom is starting to see spots and knows unconsciousness is near, he manages to control his shaking, slippery hands enough to raise the .45. With murder in his face, Tom squeezes the trigger until the chamber empties. Five bullets sink into his forehead. Tom's shots are dead on, even through the plastic of the mask, and Harry is struck back a couple steps, seemingly as shocked as Axel had been. He falls back against the rock, sliding down the wall and leaving a trail of blood behind. He's dead, Tom knows he's dead, but he's got ten years of hatred and cowardice bottled up, and this is his last chance to get rid of it, or at least be a start, he can feel it. Standing up unsteadily, he walks over to Axel's body and yanks out the pickaxe with a squelch. Mustering the remaining strength he has, he slams it into Harry's heart. \" Go…to hell,\" Tom growls shakily, \"y-you fucker.\" His body giving up on him, he falls to the ground, too, vision black and consciousness mercifully gone even before he slices his temple on one of the fallen rocks. Sarah, frozen at watching the entire scene becomes animated when she sees Tom collapse. Sliding on the mine's uneven terrain, she hurries to Tom's side, hiccupping once at seeing her dead husband. Her stomach gives a roll of both despair and revulsion, but her conscience staves it off, and she instead focuses her attention on the sole other person alive. \" Tom!\" she shouts, holding her hands on either side of his face. \"Tom! Wake up!\" He doesn't, and she's not sure if he's even breathing. Ripping out her cell phone and thanking no one in particular that it gets signal, her fingers scrabble over the numbers and she dials 911, somehow relaying their location to the dispatcher. They try and glean the schematics from her, but telling them she's in the mine was all she has the mental concentration for. Gathering this, they promise units and paramedics within two minutes. She waits in the cold, hands clenched tightly around Tom's shoulders, taking in his cut face and bullet hole in his side, both bleeding profusely. She thinks she vaguely hears sirens from outside, but at this point, she's surprised she's even capable of stringing two thoughts together. She does know one thing, though: there's no way in hell she's letting Tom die. Not him. Not him. Sarah's jerked from her anguished stasis when she hears a thump and then a subdued curse from the dining room. Getting up from the couch where Noah'd fallen asleep and grabs the gun that the policewoman had left. She cautiously makes her way into the room and trains the weapon on the shadow by the window. With her left hand, she flicks on the light, immediately moving back to the weapon to steady it. The aim wavers, however, when she sees who'd just invaded her home. His eyes squinting briefly against the sudden light, Tom looks up at her, stitches running along his temple, a nice bruise covering the same side, his full bottom lip swollen and cut, and his hand clutching his stomach. He looks a mess, and yet all she can do is stare. \"Sarah,\" Tom breathes, standing up as straight as his injuries allow. Not altogether sure that she's not in danger—give her a break: she's had a trying few days—she keeps the gun pointed in Tom's general direction, watching as he moves towards her. \"Why did you break into my house, Tom?\" she asks firmly, feeling any resolve she may have had crumble at his earnest green eyes and beaten physique. \"You're hurt.\" Tom tries a chuckle, but immediately presses his hand into his side harder, grinding his teeth against the injury. \"I've had worse,\" he proposes. She knows he hasn't, knows this is by far the worst, but forgoes her objecting comment because for some stupid, masculine reason, he wants to pretend his injuries aren't incredibly debilitating. \"Why did you break into my house?\" she asks again, her grip on the gun now nothing more than pathetic. \"You really should lock your windows,\" Tom suggests airily, glancing back at the offending opening. Then he sobers, and with an odd note of humility, continues, \"I had to see you. I had to talk to you.\" \"About?\" she asks. \"I just wanted to say that…that I'm staying,\" he says, eyes sliding up to meet hers. He's lied before, and he's a damn good actor, but now, she can see he's so far from lying it hurts. \"I'm not going to just disappear again.\" Now, Sarah fully lowers the gun, setting it on the table and choosing instead to cross her arms around herself. \"Why? Why this time?\" she inquires, giving Tom a once-over, as if from his clothes she can decipher his reasoning. Tom hesitates for a mere second, before answering solidly, \"This time…this time I have somethin' to prove.\" \"Prove what?\" He smiles, just a little. There's a wince in there, too, as the gesture tugs at his split lip, but it's well-veiled. \"Myself,\" he answers in a husky whisper. \"To you, Sarah.\" She doesn't know what to say. \"I don't know what to say.\" \"You trusted me, and you shouldn't've. That's more'n enough.\" \"Tom, I—\" \" Sarah ,\" Tom interrupts with another tiny grin, and another tiny wince. \"Shh.\" It's not in her nature to \"shh,\" and so she begins to say something else, but Tom walks up to her and puts a hand on her forearm. That, more than a finger to the lips, stifles her mid-word. \"Why don't we just put this off until morning. I don't think it's completely out of the question to say that we've had a hard couple of days.\" Sarah laughs darkly, wishing rather a lot not to remember. \"Let me just move him—\" she says, gesturing and slowly making her way towards Noah asleep on the couch. Tom shakes his head, fighting against the blackness once more in his peripheral (maybe he shouldn't have snuck out of the hospital…), and turns her in the direction of her bedroom. \"I got him,\" he says. Her rational mind tells her not to let anyone but her touch her son, but the irrational trusting part of her says nothing, and instead of its own volition makes her walk away Tom and her son. At her door, she stops and turns, looking back into the living room. Tom has Noah in his arms, looking down at him curiously, like he'd never before seen a child. It's as if his wounds have been all but forgotten, even though a thin line of red has started to seep from his temple, and his breathing is abnormal. Sarah's heart skips a beat. He shrugs and shoots her a soft smile, walking with Noah into his room and placing him under the covers. He smoothes Noah's hair out of his eyes, lingers a second, and then treads heavily back out. \"You do trust me, right?\" he asks her quietly, eyes as intense as if his entire world depends on her answer. Isn't that the question of the ages. She doesn't answer, and Tom sighs, shutting out the light and gingerly taking Noah's place on the couch, stature just tall enough so his feet hang out onto the cushions. He cringes as he lies down, putting a hand to his head to ward off vertigo, and carefully shifts to his left side in order to keep pressure off his abdomen. Sarah stares at the carpet for a moment and then goes into her own room, sitting on the edge of her bed. Against her will, she flashes back, seeing Tom shoot lead into Harry's skull with no look of trepidation over murder—not that Harry was deserving of trepidation, but she hates the heartless expression she'd caught on Tom's face—and then, with the same amount of rage, sink the pickaxe into Harry's heart. She should be calling the cops on him, at least make sure a psychologist checks him out or something. But then she sees him with her son again, the confounded but gentle look in his eyes as he picked up Noah and put him to bed, how identical their features were in the light. His secure hands at her back, telling her to run and abandon him to his fate. It'll take a hell of a long time to sort through everything, through Axel's betrayal and corruption, through the fact that Tom had killed a person—for her—but if Tom, Tom , is willing to stay, then it's a no-brainer. Should have been a no-brainer when he asked, but better late than never. \"Yeah, Tom,\" she says softly to herself. \"I think I do.\" And for the first time in the last four days—maybe the last ten years—she sleeps soundly. ","Summary":" This was written for the lovely bhoney who generously donated to the Support Stacie Author Auction,"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"FourPart Harmony","Author":"vanillafluffy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5625198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Four-Part Harmony After the events of what the media dubbed \"The Hanniger Mine Disaster\", the town of Harmony closed its ranks on outsiders. Sheriff Axel Palmer didn't want the jackals of the press, as he called them, to keep coming back year after year, so the series of murders which had occured recently were labeled 'accidental', 'natural causes', and the ever-noncommital 'misadventure'. No one, not even those who had lost loved ones, argued with him; Jim Burke (Death due to heart attack) and Ben Foley (Death due to concussion) were the only ones who might have tried, but they were awaiting oak caskets and marble headstones. Axel was respected by the town, but every time he looked at his wife, an inner voice taunted him, \"She settled.\" Sarah Palmer felt like she was walking a tightrope after the Valentine killings. Her relationship with Axel was strained, and their son Noah had to be admitted to a pediatric psychiatric facility after his encounter with The Miner. She no longer felt safe in her own home; antidepressants didn't help. Damages caused by the rampage at the market were just within the amount of the insurance company's deductable. Reopening the store strained her parents' resounces to the utmost. Sarah consoled herself with the thought that with Tom Hanniger missing but not officially dead, the mine couldn't be sold, and Harmony would continue its precarious existance. Sometimes she wondered if it was all her fault, if she should have listened to Tom when he begged, \"Trust me.\" Forty-eight hours after the explosion, in Peru, Indiana, Tom Hanniger awoke to find himself sleeping in a car. His memories of the events in Harmony were jumbled---finding the cardboard hearts in the cabin in the woods, checking into the Thunderbird motel, Sarah panicking and wrecking his car, Harry Warden attacking him with Axel and Sarah doing nothing to help him---and his meds were gone. In the days that followed, he had recurring blackouts. Several times, he found large sums of money in his pockets or in the car that he couldn't account for. On another occasion, he regained consciousness in bed with a dead woman beside him. Sometimes he had blood on his hands, or his clothing was stiff with it. Often, he prayed to a God he no longer believed in, \"Save me.\" For the first time in years, Harry Warden was free. There was no institutional confinement now, no shock treatment or neurochemicals to befuddle him. He was in total control, and took mean-spirited pleasure in tormenting the weakling he shared the body with. \"Poor Tom\" didn't like to commit robberies or kill people, two of the things Harry enjoyed best. If only the stupid boy would give in and go away, but time after time, Tom struggled back into consciousness. Harry was certain he'd break eventually; whenever he was in the backseat, as he thought of it, he kept whispering over and over to Tom, \"Be mine.\" ","Summary":" Four-Part Harmony After the events of what the media dubbed \"The Hanniger Mine Disaster\", the tow"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Jacksonville, The Hellhole","Author":"SilentKnightInDisguise11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5613018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Jacksonville, The Hellhole Summary: One-shot! Tom escapes from Harmony and makes it to a neighbouring small town; Jacksonville. There, he tries to forget the Harry Warden incident. A woman he meets tries to help him with that; but he might even help HER, too. TomxOC Genre: General, Romance Rating: T for heavy cursing and slight sexual stuff - let me know if I should bump it up to M --- Silent Knight: This starts out angst-y, but then, softens up a bit, gets angst-y again and then softens up again at the end. Just like a roller coaster. I only own the idea for this oneshot, this oneshot itself and my OC, who, by the way, has a very interesting job. What is it, you ask? Read to find out what it is and even let me know what you thought her... job ..was. :) Hope you enjoy this. Jacksonville, The Hellhole Oneshot He climaxed all too quickly, but she wasn't far behind. Panting heavily, Tom Hanniger screwed his eyes shut; but as soon as he did so, all of those haunting images came back. Harry Warden, the mines, Axel, Sarah...Sarah. Taking himself out of the woman, Tom opened his eyes quickly and looked at the woman's face underneath him, withering in ecstasy. Part of him wished that he could surrender himself to his body like was doing, but there was no way he would be able to; it was too hard for him. How could he forget about Harry Warden when, every time he looked in the mirror, instead of seeing his own reflection, he would see him? How could he forget about Harmony when all he could think about was Axel and Sarah, married, together? That, maybe, right now, he was fucking her senseless and she actually liked it? That she actually wanted that sick bastard that had hated him from the start in her? No, he couldn't. It was too hard to forget, but, in moments like these, Tom could easily ignore them; ignore him . And ignoring them was exactly what Tom did, trying to block out the pain, the agony. The thirst to kill, the thirst to torture. Mute it out, mute it out Tom, he thought to himself, squeezing his eyes shut, trying hard to ignore the images that he saw as he did so. Sure boyo, try to mute me out. Let's see if that works. Shut. Up. \"Hey, you alright?\" Asked the hooker that was underneath him, still panting a bit from their little rendezvous. Tom opened his eyes to look down at her, and weakly nodded. \"Y-Yeah,\" He cleared his throat when he stuttered, \"Yeah, I-I'm good.\" Stop stuttering! \"You sure? You don't look fine to me. Somethin' wrong?\" Oh God, there she goes with that cute little English accent of hers. Tom always had been a sucker for accents. He was almost sad that she had to leave soon. Very soon. It was almost time for him to take his pills, even though they really don't ever help him out much. \"No.\" \"No what? No, you're not sure, or no, you are sure?\" She looked confused, which made her seem even more cute...and sexy and hot and irresistible. What? Haven't gotten laid for a long time? Sure seems like you want to fuck her again. Might have to pay extra money, Harry Warden muses. Will you were just fucking shut up?! ...no, of course not, boyo, was the reply. \"No, I'm sure. I'm fine; I'm gonna be okay.\" It sounds to Tom that he was trying to reassure himself, not her. When he sees the hooker raise an eyebrow at him, it seems safe to say that she probably was thinking the same thing he had been thinking. Like a match made in heaven, Harry Warden says, chuckling at his own joke. Will you just fuck off? It's hard to forget about you when you talk to me, Tom sneered. Ignore, you mean, you could actually hear the smirk on Harry Warden non-existent face when he said that. Tom definitely was irritated, and it showed; well, to Harry Warden, anyway. Same fucking thing. \"So...what's your story?\" The hooker asked him, actually looking genuinely curious. Tom is confused, and his confusion showed on his face. \"Pardon?\" He asked her. She smirked at him, turning them around so she was on top of him. Her breasts squished against Tom's chest even harder, making him squirm a bit, a light reddish tint going up his chest and settling at his cheeks. What the hell? He had just fucked her and now he's blushing like Virgin Mary or something? She saw his blush and smirked at him even more, squirming like he had previously done, giving him a hard-on and making him blush as he felt her breasts move against his chest as her nipples hardened and were made more apparent to him. All of this in just one little measly move. Boyo, I think I like this one. Tom chose to forget - or, shall he say/think, ignore? - that little side comment. God, were the two of them teaming up even though she didn't know about Harry Warden who kept on whispering to Tom in his head. Okay, was it just him or did that sentence just make the whole Harry's-in-his-mind-taunting-him situation sound even creepier than it already was? Yes, yes it did, was a certain man's answer. \"Well, at least you got manners. Not many clients I've...met with, have any. Nice to see a change,\" Her smirk turned into a small smile and her eyes held a great amount of pain in them, but that pain soon vanished into playfulness, \"Well, everyone's a story. I mean, what got you here in plain old Jacksonville. This stupid little fuck town has got so fuckin' many problems that even I - a God damn hooker - want to get out of it.\" Such a dirty mouth this little bitch has. Hmm, what else can she do with it? Tom bristled. Fuck off, and don't ever think of her that way, you asshole! Ooh, seems like someone's got a crush , Harry Warden teasingly said, stretching the word \"crush\" out slowly. Fuck you, you bastard, Tom only said/thought, and tried to forget - ignore - him. That, was very hard for him to do, mind you. Although, he tried his best to pay attention only to the girl above him, trying to think of a honest answer that, at the same time, wouldn't land him into shit with the cops. But he could overpower this hooker and easily kill her - Harry Warden was ecstatic as soon as Tom thought this - but she was an overall cool person to talk about. The only friend he had actually made in Jacksonville, to be truthful. \"Hmm, well, you know, relationship problems,\" She nodded as though she understood; but Tom wasn't so sure - after all, she was just a girl who's supposed to fuck with anyone that waved a couple of bills under her nose, \"I used to like this girl that, a long time ago, had been my girlfriend. I left for, like, what? 10 years? Anyway, when I came back; she was married and had a kid with someone I couldn't stand when we were teens. Hell, I can't even stand that fucker even know. I came here to escape from him...from them. I mean, any place was better than there. Yes, even a shitty hellhole like Jacksonville.\" Tom explained, half lying and half telling the truth. It hurt him that he had to lie to her; he felt like telling her everything, which was weird since all she really was to him was a hot hooker. A really hot hooker. \"Yeah, and that's sort of one of the reasons as to why I became a hooker. You get to fuck with no strings attached, meaning no personal relationship at all. But there's also the money,\" She laughed, but her face grew sad, \"And...well, I need the money for...for my...my dad.\" This piped Tom's interest. \"Your dad? Why?\" He asked. A tear fell from her eye as she swallowed heavily, moving off of him and settling on his side; his arm automatically coming around her waist and pressing her against the side of his chest. Her arm then laid itself on his chest, her head resting itself on his shoulder. The two were practically meant to be molded into each other's arms for they, well...they fit, for no other good word that came to this author's mind. Harry Warden, shockingly, didn't utter a word. He was quiet, and Tom tried to savor this silence, this contentment for the time being; still wondering if this hooker - no, woman; she didn't deserved to be called a hooker - was going to say anything. He didn't mind if she didn't, everything she said and did was fine with him, even though he met her just hours ago. \"My dad...he, he's got c-cancer. It's been i-in his b-body fo-for about two ye-years,\" She stuttered, gasping for air as she tried her hardest to continue. Tom ran a hand through her carmel coloured locks, and she looked up at him in gratitude, a small smile on her face before continuing, \"I needed money for his operation, and we weren't the richest family. It was just me and my dad, 'cause my mom died while giving birth to me. Dad was the only one in from the two of us that had a job, and so, with no money, there was no way I could pay for the operation. My...my dad wou-would d-die. So, a guy came up to me and offered me money for my... services when I was at a bar, drinking my sorrows away. And I got quite a big load of cash for it...now, here I am, paying for my dad's operation and becoming a filthy fucking hooker ,\" She laughed as tears fell down her face, \"Yeah, my dad's gonna be so proud of me when he finds out what my actual job is. I've been bullshitting him about my job for quite a while now.\" Tom looked down at her, grabbing her chin and carefully bringing her blue tear-filled eyes to meet his green ones. \"Hey, hey; you're not filthy. Plus, it's not like you wanted to be a hooker, you had to do it for your father. That was completely selfless of you. You're sacrificing yourself for another, and if I were you, I'd do the same.\" The blond said softly. Although, this soft moment was sort of ruined for Tom when Harry Warden decided to right out laugh, but Tom ignored him fully, not even thinking about telling him to shut up or to screw himself or to fuck off. Right now, his first priority was this wonderful, amazing girl in front of him that was feeling like complete and utter shit. Another tear fell from her eye. \"Thank you.\" She whispered to him, and slowly, they kissed. But this kiss wasn't like the ones they had shared before. The ones before this one had been rough, demanding. This one was soft and gentle, and Tom felt at peace as their lips molded perfectly together. This...this wasn't something he had felt when he had been with Sarah. It was like Sarah was just a dull ache now; so far off in his mind that part of him didn't even realize that there was such thing as her in the first place. This kiss was even better than the equally soft and gentle ones he always used to share with Sarah; this one was far better. And then, the night carried on, soft moans vibrating and echoing off the walls of the motel room as Tom slowly and carefully entered her. Through this all, Harry Warden didn't even say a word. Why? Tom didn't really know. This, for no better word, was heaven . Who knew that Tom could feel this way in the hellhole that was Jacksonville? Tom woke up the next day by himself, the woman from yesterday gone. He sat up in his bed and looked around to make sure that she wasn't in the bathroom. All of the skimpy, revealing clothes she had been wearing the other night, the ones Tom had quickly took off and threw all around the room, were gone, along with her. Only her intoxicating cinnamon-watermelon scent remained, a scent that sounded so...weird, and so disgusting yet was so enthralling to take in. Don't grow so attached, boyo, Harry Warden reminded him, she, after all, did leave you; no other way to meet with her ever again. She might not be an actual hooker-hooker - if ya get what I'm sayin' - but she did just walk out of here and left you actin' like a love-sick nerdy little hormonal teenager that lost his virginity to a hot bitch-y cheerleader. Tom growled out loudly. Because of the mystery woman leaving or because of what Harry Warden had said, he didn't know. But he was still upset about the woman leaving and pissed off at Harry Warden that was stuck up in his mind all the same. How could she just leave him? Maybe...maybe all of that crap about her father leaving was just talk that might've made that bitch think that he would pay her more out of sympathy. Told ya that hooker's were something that you should just fuck; it's called no strings attached, boyo. I am so not in the mood to talk; so... FUCK. OFF ! Yikes, someone's got their knickers in a bunch, Harry Warden then proceeded to laugh. The blond just rolled his eyes, huffing angrily. His shoulders slumping in defeat, he just laid back in his bed and turned around, nonchalantly placing his hand on the pillow next to one supporting his hand went he felt something cool and smooth underneath his fingertips. Paper. With a furrowed eyebrow, he sat up in bed and grabbed the folded piece of paper. Harry Warden stopped laughing and quieted instantly, just as curious as Tom was. On the folded paper were lip imprints, coated in red. This only made himself and Harry Warden even more curious than they had currently been. Opening the folded paper, he struggled - but, somehow, surprisingly, managed - to read what it said in scrawny, overlapping writing: 473-926-585 Those digits are my cell phone number, in case you're wondering what those numbers are for. I hope you can read this, 'cause it would be really embarrassing if you don't. After all, I got really bad and messy hand writing. Anyway, I had an awesome time with you. It feels good to know that someone doesn't think I'm a slutty hooker. Hope I didn't scare ya when you woke up to realize I wasn't there. Probably thought that I was lying about my dad having cancer, huh? Well, I'm not a liar. Hope you call me. ;) P.S. The name's Elizabeth. Liz or just Izzy for my friends. P.P.S. And yes, I consider you a friend - or well, whatever we may be, considering we already fucked - so call me Liz or Izzy. P.P.P.S If you call me Lizzy I'll cut your dick off so you can never use it again, got it? Get it? Good. For the first time in months, Tom's lips pulled themselves into a smile as he read the last line. ...well, that bitch sure knows what's on your mind, boyo. Let's hope you can keep her. Surprisingly, I have to agree with you there, except for that little bitch comment, of course, Tom paused there for a second before continuing again, but let's not go fucking insane; you're still a bastard and an complete asshole. Harry Warden let out a laugh. Of course, boyo...of course. Silent Knight: Hmm, I'm sure Harry Warden was a little...OOC - Out Of Character - throughout this one-shot, but I tried my best to keep him as in line as I could. And, aww, I really liked that ending. It seems that Harry and Tom went a little soft on each other. And - HOLY CRAP! This has probably been the first fic of mine that was loaded with curse words. Hope you guys didn't find it too offensive. Also, did you like my OC Liz? Was she alright, or just too cliché? Actually...has anyone in this fandom paired Tom up with a hooker? Just wonderin', that's all. Another thing; I was wondering, should I make a follow-up oneshot on this, or would another just...completely destroy this whole oneshot? Let me know what you guys think about this, so I know wether or not I should make a follow-up. Anywho, hope you enjoyed and I hope you guys all review! Silent Knight over and out! ","Summary":" Title: Jacksonville, The Hellhole Summary: One-shot! Tom escapes from Harmony and makes it to a nei"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"The One Who Left","Author":"SilentKnightInDisguise11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5527103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The One Who Left Summary: Drabble! Tom thinks about Sarah, and the whole Harry Warden incident. TomxSarah, faint AxelxSarah in the end Genre: Tragedy, Romance Rating: T, just in case --- Silent Knight: I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! The One Who Left Drabble Tom had loved Sarah when they had been dating. In fact, the day when they were to go into the mines after the \"incident\" - when Harry Warden had attacked Tom - the blond had to go back to get the promise ring he wanted to give to her. So, quickly deciding what to do, Tom made up an excuse - \"You know what? forgot the beer in the truck. I'll meet you inside.\"- and left to get the promise ring and, to make it look real, the beer that was left neglected in the truck. What he didn't know was what would've happened next. After Harry Warden had pursed Tom in the mines, Tom was left, dazed and scared. For two days, he stayed at home, no contacts whatsoever. All he did was twirl the promise ring he wanted to give to Sarah around and around with his fingers. He never ate, and didn't sleep for those two days either. Although, one time, when he went to take a shower, he saw Harry Warden in the mirror. His father was visiting Hanniger Mines, meaning that he was all alone. Screaming loudly, he punched the mirror, and shards seeped into his skin. That was when he decided to get away, leaving Sarah behind. He didn't want to leave her behind: the two had already shared their \"I love yous,\" all that was left was the ring, but he had to. He was starting to see Harry Warden everywhere, and his brain couldn't take it anymore. And that was why Tom decided to have a new start, his heart heavy for leaving his one true love behind. Who knows how she was holding up. Finally, finding a good enough neighbourhood, Tom took some of his dad's money that he had stashed in his safe and bought a house. But then, people started to notice all the screaming inside the house, and were scared as to what happened in there, although, they never checked for themselves. One day, a curious little boy heard the screaming and peered into the window. What he saw shocked him, and he started screaming as well. That caused the whole neighbourhood to look out and see young little Billy crying, which then made a crowd forming around Tom's house. And so, for years, he had gotten admitted into a hospital when people around his new neighbourhood started to think he was crazy. Finally, when he ran away - although he remembered to take his medicine that helps him with seeing Harry Warden everywhere - Tom lived here and there, and never lived in one place for too long. He knew what would happen to him if he did, and he didn't enjoy all those shock therapies one bit. After a few years, Tom decided to face his fears and headed back to his city when news got out his father died. His heart ached to see his Sarah again, and maybe rekindle the relationship they once had had. Tom still had that promise ring, and wondered if it would still fit her. But when he saw that Sarah was now married to Axel and now had a child, his heart broke. It was hard to see his Sarah with him , but there was nothing he could do. He was the one who left, and Axel was the one who stayed. ","Summary":" Title: The One Who Left Summary: Drabble! Tom thinks about Sarah, and the whole Harry Warden incide"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"And They Lived Happily Ever After","Author":"SilentKnightInDisguise11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5655752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: And They Lived Happily Ever After Summary: Drabble! /Sarah Palmer was a lot of things, and \"dreamer\" happened to be one of them./ TomxSarah, AxelxSarah Genre: Romance Rating: T --- Silent Knight: I only own the plot for this drabble the drabble itself. So..enjoy! :) Silent Knight over and out! And They Lived Happily Ever After Drabble Sarah Palmer was a lot of things, and \"dreamer\" happened to be one of them. When she was about 4 years old, all she could think about was the stories her father would always read to her. About the lovely princess and the handsome, charming prince and the \"happily ever after\" the two always shared. Of course, in between, there was a witch and a tower and a dragon that needed to be slayed, but Sarah never really liked to go into details. Whenever it was time to go to sleep, though, she was all about them. She wanted to know every single thing that happened to the princess, every single thing that happened to the prince and every single thing that happened in a castle far, far away. Specifics were the things she cherished then. All her life until the ripe age of 8 - although, she had always thought about her fairytale until she was 15. It was a little too embarrassing to even think inside her head - she thought about her happy ending, about her wedding and about her very own prince charming. He would have to top all the others, wearing gleaming armor and riding a beautiful, white horse. He would have the be the most gentle, caring and loving - not to mention handsome - man to ever land on the face of the Earth, but most of all, he had to love her and her only. That had been what she had wanted, what she craved in a man that would marry her and take her to their castle in some land unheard of. It would the most wonderful, romantic fairytale with a blooming ending that would enchant anyone who would hear it. And when she had finally gotten Tom Hanniger as her boyfriend, the tiny part of her that still clung onto those wonderful tales knew that he was the One. Her prince charming that had rescued her from her boring life and was to whisk her off her feet with a breathtaking kiss and would marry her and love her only. Tom was a gentleman and definitely a sight for sore eyes; he was everything Sarah wanted - needed , and she found herself falling deeply in love with him. That is, until, he left her after that unfortunate Harry Warden incident that had occurred in Hanniger Mines. Her soul and heart had been crushed, and she weeped for many long hours, just thinking about him and how he left her by herself, alone. And Sarah didn't like being alone. Although, part of her knew that he would be back for her - that he would eventually come for her and whisk her off her feet and take her with him and they would live with one another until they grow old and have grandchildren. But that never happened...Tom never showed up. Sarah had then lost all hope. But then, Axel became her shoulder to cry on - the one she could depend on - her bestest friend in the universe after Irene became a bitch and dumped Axel and practically shunned Sarah. Axel became the one who was always there for her, day in and day out, and she found herself falling in love again. She found herself dreaming about her perfect fairytale again. Though, a part of her cried out for Tom, but that part of her was quickly muted out forever by her endless love and devotion for Axel. But that never meant that that part of her ever quieted. ","Summary":" Title: And They Lived Happily Ever After Summary: Drabble! /Sarah Palmer was a lot of things, and "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls: New Beginnings","Author":"hollytiger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4494411","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Cheetah Girls: A New Beginning \"That was the most fun I have ever had, Cheetahs!\" said Aqua as she packed her suitcase. Their India adventure was over, and they would soon be on their way back to New York. \"Vic said he was going to come back to New York with us, and he's going to finish editing the movie there,\" said Chanel as she packed her blouses into her suitcase. Dorinda smiled as she set her clothes in. \"Amar will be there too. He got into Columbia,\" smiled Kiely. \"That's awesome,\" said Dorinda. \"I can't wait to get back home and see my foster mom. I've missed her and my family so much.\" \"I know, I've missed your mom, and Auntie Juanita and Luc,\" said Aqua. As they finished packing, Dorinda's cell phone rang. She knew who it was, and she wasn't going to hang up this time. \"It's Joaquin, I'll be right back,\" said Dorinda. She answered her cell phone as soon as she was out of the room and smiled as she said a greeting. \"Hi,\" said Dorinda softly. \"Hi New York,\" said Joaquin, using his nickname for her. \"Look, Joaquin, I'm sorry, about, everything.\" She was trying to fight back the tears and the ache that was filling the gap in heart. She neded him badly. \"You're in India?\" asked Joaquin. \"Yeah,\" said Dorinda. \"We're actually done with the movie, and we're packing up to go back to New York.\" \"On your way back, do you maybe think you could stop in Barcelona? I'd like to see you, if possible.\" Dorinda sighed, and her heart leapt out of her chest. That pounding she got when she had first met him was back into her heart. \"Yes, I will be there,\" said Dorinda. \"I'll call you and let you know when we get to Barcelona.\" \"By we I take it you mean Aqua and Chanel?\" \"Yeah,\" said Dorinda. \"Alright, I'll talk to you later Do.\" \"Joaq?\" asked Dorinda. \"Yeah?\" \"I love you.\" \"I love you too, New York.\" She hung up the phone and smiled before heading back into her hotel room. The other two were finished packing and stood there with amused expressions on their faces. \"Well?\" asked Chanel. \"Cheetahs, we're taking a detour. We're going back to Spain.\"[Chapter 2] The Cheetahs were making their descent into Barcelona, along with Amar and Vic. Do immediately called Joaquin as soon as the plane touched down and he told them to come to his new place. They got into a taxi and a half hour later, arrived at his house. Joaquin was standing on the front step. Dorinda was the first one out of the taxi cab, and sprinted to him in a fury. He picked her up and swung her around, Dorinda squealing and giggling. \"Hello my beautiful Dorinda,\" whispered Joaquin. \"Hi,\"said Dorinda. Before she could say anything else, the rest of the group smiled and quickly walked past them with their bags leaving them alone. \"Dorinda, I've missed you so much,\" said Joaquin. \"I have too baby,\" said Dorinda. \"I've missed you so much.\" Their lips met in a sweet embrace. The lonely ache in her heart was no longer there, and had now been replaced love, the one gap in her heart that had been empty. The passion that had been built up since their \"breakup\" heated up even more as he waltzed her right past Aqua, Vic, Chanel and Amar, letting him know that they were free to anything in his kitchen as he had gone shopping, leaving the four dumbfounded as he waltzed her upstairs and right into his bedroom, un aware that Aqua and Chanel watched them go right up the stairs and looked at eachother. \"Ooh, someone's gonna get cheetahlicious love tonight,\" said Chanel as Vic and Amar made them some dinner. \"About time,\" said Aqua. The next morning, Dorinda quietly untangled herself from Joaquin and dressed. Their lovemaking the night before had been nothing she had ever imagined, and as much as she loved him, she couldn't stay. After a quick phone call to her foster mom, she grabbed a piece of paper from his desk and wrote him a note and placed it where she had slept. The others had already been up, and before she let them say anything, she told them they had to go back to New York that instant. An hour after they left, Joaquin woke up, trying to figure out why it was so cold in his bed. \"Do?\" he called out. \"Dorinda?\" He saw the note lying where she had slept and groaned. Reading it he frowned a bit, but then smiled. Joaq, Last night was amazing. It was nothing I had ever imagined. By the time you are reading this, the girls and I, along with Amar and Vic, will be on a plane back to New York. I would love to stay longer with you, but we are all homesick and anxious to see our families again. We also have to prepare for our classes coming up. When you are able to come to New York, my foster mom says you are always welcome as usual. I want to make things work Joaq. I am in love with you, but I don't know if I can handle us being six hours apart. My world is being with my girls, and your world is Barcelona. I do want to make this work. I know we can. I love you. Yours forever, Dorinda Joaquin sighed and buried his hands in his head. She was gone and out of his life again, and he was miserable. Dorinda groaned as she once again emptied the contents of her stomach into the toilet in front of her. This was the third day in a row she had been sick like this. She knew something was wrong, but she didn't know what. \"Do? Are you sure you're okay girlfriend?\" asked Chanel from in front of her mirror as she applied lipstick. \"She better be,\" said Aqua. \"She better not puke while we perform tonight.\" \"I have no idea why I'm regurgitating my lunch from yesterday,\" said Dorinda as she wiped her mouth with some toilet paper and flushed the toilet. Aqua had been standing behind Dorinda, holding her hair back. \"You've been sick since Monday,\" said Aqua. \"Don't you think you should go see a doctor? What if it's food poisoning?\" \"I don't think it's food poisoning,\" said Chanel. \"She only has puked three times in the last three days.\" Dorinda froze when she looked at her calendar, and saw the words circled on the day's date. \"Oh my god,\" whispered Dorinda. \"It can't be.\" \"What Do?\" asked Chanel. \"What's wrong?\" \"Girls, I think I'm pregnant.\"[Chapter 3] Dorinda sobbed as she firmly grasped the white stick in her hands. Two pink lines. She was pregnant. \"What am I going to tell Mom,\" whispered Dorinda. Aqua and Chanel looked at each other and then rested their hands on her shoulders. \"It will be okay chica,\" said Chanel. \"We got your back.\" \"Besides, now I'm going to have to compete with you on how much we eat!\" said Aqua, earning a small laugh and a sniff from Dorinda. Just then, a knock came at the door and Mrs. Bosco, Dorinda's mom, poked her head in. After the success of the Cheetah girls had grown over the last three years locally, the Bosco's didn't have to live in the apartment complex's super's office anymore. They were actually able to afford their own place to live and now ran a center for runaways and abandoned children. The Bosco's were also now Dorinda's (and all of her other foster siblings) legal and official parents, thanks to the what was leftover from the money from Luc and Juanita had donated to her parents to help build the center, . \"Girls, is everything, oh my god, Dorinda,\" said Mrs. Bosco. \"Is that-are you pregnant?\" \"It's Joaquin's,\" whispered Dorinda. \"I never meant for this happen, Mom. I'm sorry.\" Mrs. Bosco smiled and wrapped her arms around Dorinda. \"Oh sweetie, it's okay,\" said Mrs. Bosco. \"Your father and I will help you get through this.\" \"What about college?\" asked Dorinda. \"I worked so hard to get into NYU.\" \"Oh hunny, you can still go to class,\" said Mrs. Bosco. \"You'll be long done with your first year by the time you have this beautiful baby. We'll help you, don't worry baby.\" Dorinda smiled, tears still falling down her cheeks. She let out a sniff. \"Now the question is Dorinda,\" continued her mother, \"are you going to tell him?\" \"Mom, to be honest? I don't know,\" said Dorinda. \"I really don't know.\" Later that night the girls were ready for their show. \"Come on Do,\" said Chanel. \"You are always so focused, don't let this pregnancy think that you can't do anything with us any more. My mama was dancing Latin while I was still in the womb, so don't think you can't dance hip hop.\" \"Do I look fat,\" frowned Dorinda as she adjusted her outfit and looked in the mirror.. \"You look gorgeous,\" said Aqua. \"You have this radiant beam of light shining off of you!\" \"Mom said all pregnant women do,\" smiled Dorinda. \"Okay I can do this. Ready Cheetahs?\" \"Let's do this,\" said Aqua. They took their place on the stage that was set up in the middle of Central Park. Adrienne had this fantasy before they had left for India and now, it was finally going to happen. They had a concert in front of a thousand people. \"Ladies and gentlemen! I give you, THE CHEETAH GIRLS!\" The crowd cheered as the music played and the girls started singing. They sang Cheetah Love and several other numbers for a whole hour. At the end of the show, the crowd burst into cheers and the girls bowed and hugged each other as they excitedly ran off stage, but as soon as Dorinda got to the back, she reached for the garbage can again. \"Oh man, this kid just wants have to fun with it's mommy, doesn't it,\" said Dorinda. \"It didn't like me jumping around.\" \"Or it probably did because he or she wanted more dancing. You know this baby will be adancer like Mom and Dad,\" said Chanel. Dorinda sent her a death glare for even bringing him up. \"Girl, you know you're going to have to tell him sometime,\" said Aqua. Dorinda sighed. \"You guys are right. I mean that was the first thing I messed up. I was pushing myself away,\" said Dorinda. Around midnight Barcelona time, Dorinda dialed Joaquin's number. It rang, and rang, and rang until she got his voicemail. \"Joaquin, hey, it's Do,\" said Dorinda. \"Listen, umm, I'm sorry I haven't called you in the last month or two, things have just been so hectic around here. But I figured I'd call and share the new with you. That night we spent in Barcelona was mazing, and well, I'm going to have your child. If you don't want anything to do with him or her, I will understand, but I've decided to keep the baby. I love you Joaquin.\" Hanging up, she smiled softly and then fell asleep, her hand resting on her stomach. \"Are you sure you guys want to come in with me to my ultrasound?\" asked Dorinda a few months later. Joaquin never called back after Dorinda had called him, and she knew, that he was probaly never going to hear from him again. \"Absolutely girl,\" said Aqua. \"We want to know what the baby is too!\" she said. \"This is our godchild!\" They walked into the office and Dorinda smiled as she walked up to the receptionist. She must have been new because it wasn't the usual girl. \"Hi, I'm Dorinda Thomas-Bosco, I have an appointment with Dr. Ross?\" \"Dr. Ross is expecting you, go back to room 205 sweetheart.\" \"Thank you,\" said Dorinda. Aqua and Chanel walked through the back and found Room 205, Dr. Ross' office. \"Hi Dorinda, hello Aqua and Chanel good to see you again!\" said Dr. Ross as she greeted the thre girls. Martina Ross was the same doctor who had ironically delivered Chanel and Galleria, so she was a close friend of the family. \"Are you ready to find out if you're having a boy or girl?\" asked Martina as Dorinda set herself up on the examination table. \"Yes,\" said Dorinda. Martina squeezed a small good of petrolium jelly onto Dorinda's now bulging stomach and Dorinda gasped as Dr. Ross moved the wand around, and saw a glimpse of her unborn child's face for the first time and cried. \"According to the ultrasound, congratulations Do, it's a boy!\" \"He looks like Joaquin,\" whispered Dorinda and sobbed as she hugged Dr. Ross and Aqua. \"Well, so much for adding another member to the Cheetah Girls, but I can live with a godson to finely dress!\" said Chanel, joining in the group hug. \"Girls, there's someone I have to call now,\" said Dorinda. \"But you haven't heard from him girl! Get over that man!\" said Aqua. \"But he has a right to know,\" said Dorinda. \"And he will.\"[Chapter 4] Chaptern4 Itnwas Christmas time and the Cheetahs were gathered at Juanita andnLuc's penthouse in Manhattan to celebrate Christmas Eve. The Boscosnwere all there too, as well as Aqua's dad to celebrate the holidays. nThe Garabaldis were on their way as well, minus Galleria, who wasnstill in mid-flight back from Cambridge. Dorinda was nearly sixnmonths along, and sitting comfortably in a recliner, her feet proppednup. Aqua and Chanel, along with Vic and Amar, were stringing lightsnonto the tree, while Luc played a CD of Christmas tunes. Juanita andnMrs. Bosco were serving up hot chocolate for the kids and preparingndinner when Chanel turned to Dorinda. \"HeynDo, you sure you don't want to string lights with us?\" askednChanel. \"Nonthanks Chuchie, I'm really tired, and Junior here is kicking likenmad.\" Aquanrolled her eyes and looked at Dorinda. \"Maybenhe is telling you to get up of your duff and enjoy yourself fornonce.\" Dorindanglared at Aqua and sighed. \"NonAqua, I really am just so tired,\" said Dorinda. \"Arenyou feeling okay?\" asked Chanel. \"Maybe you should go intonmy room and lie down.\" \"No,nI'm okay,\" said Dorinda. \"It's just...\" \"Younstill miss Joaquin,\" said Aqua. Dorindannodded. \"Yeah,\"nsaid Dorinda. \"I really do.\" \"Don'tnworry Dorinda,\" said Vic, \"if it was meant to be, he wouldnbe here. That's why I am.\" \"Charmer,\"nsaid Chanel. Vic grinned cheekily and pointed up. \"Bynthe way, we're standing under mistletoe,\" smiled Vic. \"PoconLoco,\" said Chanel jokingly. \"Oh,nso now I'm a crazy chicken!\" said Vic. \"Anvery, very sexy one,\" said Chanel. Aqua and Dorinda rolledntheir eyes as Vic leaned down and passionately kissed Chanel. \"Getna room!' said Aqua. Justnthen, there was a knock at the door and Chanel smiled at Aqua. \"Gee,nI wonder who THAT could be?\" asked Aqua wonderingly. \"Indon't know, maybe DORINDA should get it!\" said Chanel. Dorindansighed in exasperation at the laziness in her friends and carefullyngot up and waddled to the door. When she opened it, she gasped. \"HeynNew York.\" \"Joaquin...\" *n* * \"Joaquin,nwhat are you, how did you?\" \"Inhaven't been avoiding you,\" said Joaquin as he entered thenapartment and closed the door. \"I lost my cell phone.\" \"Howndid you?\" \"Lucngot a hold of me.\" Henfinally noticed her bulging belly and placed his hand on it whilenwrapping his other arm around her waist. \"Younreally are pregnant.\" \"I'mnsorry, we were so caught up in it...\" \"Don'tnbe,\" said Joaquin. \"Do you know what it is?\" \"Anboy,\" smiled Dorinda. Just then, he did something that totallyncaught Dorinda off guard. He smiled, then it widened into a fullnblown grin and kissed her passionately, not caring that they had annaudience now. \"Oooh,\"nsaid Kiely. Mrs. Bosco was smiling happily at her daughter andnhopefully, her future son-in-law and Chanel raised an eyebrow. nAnother knock at the door sounded the arrival of the Garabaldis andnDorinda answered it and greeted them with hugs. \"MerrynChristmas!' said Dorthea. \"MerrynChristmas Auntie Dorthea and Uncle Franco!\" said Dorinda. \"Looknwho I got for Christmas!\" Dortheansmiled and hugged Joaquin. \"HellonJoaquin, good to see you,\" said Dorthea. Chanel and Aqua smilednas they hugged Dorthea and Franco and Dorthea smiled. \"Whonwants presents?\" asked Dorthea. \"Ooohnme!\" cried Aqua. \"Is it food? I'm hungry!\" \"No,nbut it's something I know all of you girls will like,\" saidnFranco. He opened the door and the girls screamed. \"GALLERIA!\"nthey cried. \"MerrynChristmas Cheetahs!\" said Galleria, who was carrying a huge bagnof presents. The four girls engulfed in a giant hug. \"Inthought you were still in mid flight!\" said Chanel. \"Intook an early flight in to surprise you guys!\" said Galleria. n\"Dorinda, you got so big! You look so cute as a mama cheetah tonbe!\" \"Awwnthanks Gal,\" said Dorinda. \"You do too! Have you lostnweight?\" \"Yeah,nwell when you're in a place with sucky food, you do tend to lose anfew pounds,\" blushed Galleria. \"Cheetahs,nfamilies, the food has been served,\" said Juanita as she camenback in from the kitchen. \"Aboutntime,\" said Aqua, \"I'm starved!\" \"Asnusual,\" smiled Chanel. *n* * Everyonenwas passing out gifts later that night after enjoying a great meal. nJoaquin pulled Dorinda aside from the group and brused some hair backnfrom her face. \"I'mnso glad you're here,\" said Dorinda. \"But how are we goingnto do this? How can we raise our son together?\" \"Simple,\"nsaid Joaquin. \"Marry me.\" \"What?\" \"Marrynme Dorinda,\" said Joaquin. \"Become Countess DorindanThomas-Bosco Tovar.\" Dorindanwas sobbing as he knelt in front of her, holding up a gorgeousndiamond ring. \"Inmay not have much money, but I love you with all of my heart, and Inwant to be with you. Do, please say you will marry me.\" \"Yes,nyes I will marry you Joauin!\" said Dorinda. He slid the ring onnher left hand and Dorinda sobbed again. Joaquin smiled and kissednher gently before resting his forehead against hers. \"MerrynChristmas Dorinda.\" \"MerrynChristmas Joaquin.\" Theynkissed again and broke apart blushing when they heard cheering andnappaluse. Mrs. Bosco was crying against her husband's shoulder, andnMr. Bosco smiled warmly at his daughter and future son-in-law. \"It'snabout time you two,\" said Galleria. \"DItto,\"nsaid Aqua. \"Yeah,nwe're really happy for you guys,\" said Chanel. \"Thanksnguys, we are too,\" smiled Dorinda. tonbe continued.... ","Summary":" The Cheetah Girls: A New Beginning \"That was the most fun I have ever had, Cheetahs!\" said Aqua a"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls: Cheetah's Reunited","Author":"LourdesSkyJinx87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9388633","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One: Dream Deferred \"Closing Time's in 15 minutes Garibaldi, let's get those tables clean.\" \"Yes Ma'am.\" Reluctantly Galleria grabbed the spray bottle and dingy gray rag that she kept under the counter register and headed out towards the small dinning room area of Katy's cupcakes. The dinning room had six pink square plastic tables each with four white and polka-dotted chairs, which gave the small quirky specialty store the look and feel of a Barbie doll play set. Galleria hummed a little as she starting cleaning the tables. Lately there had been a little melody that was stuck in her head and would start playing when she was alone. A few years ago when she would get a new tune stuck in her head she'd write it down quickly in her song book so that she could play with the notes on her keyboard and brainstorm lyrics. But those days were long gone. It had been years since she'd written a song or even played a riff on the piano, the desire to create music was gone. As a teenager Galleria had belonged to a popular self-made singing group called the Cheetah girls. Besides herself there were three other girls; her best friends Chanel \"chuchie\" Simmons, Texas native Aquanette \"Aqua\" Walker, and dancing prodigy Dorinda \"Do\" Thomas. Together the four of them had formed into a formidable girl group that was destined for stardom. By the time the girls had reached senior year, fame seemed only a reach away. Fresh from winning an international singing contest in Barcelona, Spain, The Cheetah's were flying high and nothing could stop them, or so it seemed. But then Galleria's mother had forced her to take a break from the Cheetah's so she could attend university. Dorothea was adament about her daughter getting an education. \"But mom...\" Galleria had whined like a toddler. \"Galleria.\"Dorothea began. \" You promised me last summer that if i let you go to Spain you would focus more on your studies, and against my better judgement I agreed to let you go. It's time for you to leave the singing behind for now and prepare for the real world.\" \"I can't leave the girls behind.\" Galleria protested. \"This is our dream. I can't let them down.\" \"If they are truly your friends they will understand.\" Dorothea said calmly \"They will support you.\" Her mother was wrong. By the end of her first year in college the Cheetah girls were over. Chanel, Dorinda, and Aqua had spent the spring in India filming a Bollywood movie. Galleria had been hurt when she realized she wasn't invited or that the girls hadn't even bothered to call her to talk about it. When she finally got Chanel on the line to ask about the trip, Chanel acted as if cutting her out of the Cheetah Girls latest gig was no big deal. \"Geez, it was just one movie...You need to chill out bubbles.\" For Galleria however it was a big deal. She was the founder of the group. She'd written all the songs, composed all the music, made sure that they rehearsed regularly when the others didn't want to. How dare they cut her out! So Galleria did the only thing that made sense to her. She quit. This wasn't her first time quitting the group, so naturally no one believed her at first. Chanel and the other girls just figured she was being dramatic, and that if they gave her time she come back around. She didn't. \"Garibaldi! Almost done with those tables?\" Galleria snapped out of the past. Time to focus on the future. Her future. A future she had never planned. Working eight to twelve-hour days, serving up cupcakes, cleaning bathrooms and tables wasn't apart of the plan she had carefully crafted seven years ago. She was supposed to be playing sold out concerts, winning Grammy's, and jet setting all across the world. Why had her life become so drastically different from the one she dreamed of?[Chapter 2] \"Ready?\" Dorinda nodded in her husband Joaquin's direction. The knots that were forming inside her stomach prevented her from saying actual words. Even though she and Joaquin had danced together for years, the slightly nauseating mix of fear and excitement still stirred up inside her before each performance, something that she desperately hoped she'd outgrow. She and Joaquin would be dancing a fun freestyle dance, on the popular TV show \"America can dance!\". Dorinda and Joaquin owned a small dance studio in Manhattan where they taught affordable dance lessons to children and adults. They made a decent amount of money, but some months were better than others, the income flucuated quite drastically at times, causing a few financial difficulties. Which in time led them to take on guest spot roles on all the latest amateur dancing competitions who paid quite handsomely to be able to feature award-winning dancers like them. \"Excuse me.\" A stagehand had come over to talk to them. \"You guys are up next, go on out to the floor please.\" Joaquin took her hand and together they made their way out on the brightly lit ballroom stage floor. \"Annnnnd now.\" The announcer drawled for dramatic effect. \"Dancing a freestyle Tango here's Dorinda and Joaquin!\" The crowd cheered as the opening strains of Shakira's \"Objection Tango\" began. The dance routine started with Dorinda moving sensuously, while keeping her body close to Joaquin's, creating an effortless swan-like pose that she held for six seconds before the tempo kicked up to a fast paced rock 'n' roll tango. Gliding across the floor Dorinda felt unstoppable. The music was flowing deep inside her, allowing her to dance with passion and abandon. As a dancer she knew there was a fine line between letting the music move you and allowing it to control you. Whenever Dorinda surrendered to the music her dancing became more daring, she'd improvise moves on the spot and didn't follow the choreography completely. By the end of second verse Dorinda became completely unhinged when she turned a backwards split into a backwards handstand cart-wheel. Joaquin shot her a confused look. What was she doing? He wondered as her watched her shimmy and shake. Why was she messing with the routine? Hopping to get her back on track he quickly grabbed Dorinda by the waist giving her a hard spin, before dipping her low for a few seconds, then bringing her up again to lean into his chest. \"Are you okay?\"he asked in a whisper that fell against her cheek as she swiveled away from his side. She smiled at him, as she leaped forward, then back towards him, spinning in complicated pirouette like movements. As she twirled she was picking up speed way to fast, that she ended up hurtling past him and towards the edge of stage. Joaquin raced toward her, but he was too late to prevent Dorinda from falling off the edge. Crack! Dorinda heard her leg snap before she felt the pain. She had landed flat on her back with her leg folded awkwardly behind her. \"owwwww!\" Her scream echoed through the now silent room, as everyone rushed towards her. \"Quick! Somebody call the paramedics. Hurry!\" One of the producers shouted. \"Is she going to be okay?\" \"Oh that doesn't look so good.\" \"Baby can you hear me? Baby, speak to me.\" Joaquin pleaded as all four of the video cameras zoomed in on her sprawled out on the floor. Great...She thought. Just great.[Chapter 3] Aqua sat alone at her drafting table working on her latest designs for the reopening of \"Spots\" the boutique she owned with Chanel in Soho. Spot's would be hosting a massive relaunch party in a few weeks in honor of it's first year anniversary, featuring new exclusive clothing designed by Aqua. For any designer this was a dream come true, for Aqua it was becoming a nightmare. The pressure was getting to her for sure, it would be her first real fashion collection, something that she dreamed of doing for years, but now she wasn't sure if she would be able to complete it. Time was running out, she had to get this done tonight! Aqua tapped her pencil against her head lightly determined to create a least one acceptable drawing that night. Even if it took all night! Closing her eyes tight, she tried to imagine what the show stopper dress would be. \"Aaaaqua!\" Chanel sang out interrupting Aqua's thoughts, as she entered the apartment. \"You'll never guess what I did today!\" Aqua rolled her eyes. She knew exactly what Chanel had been up to, without even looking. Chanel was an extreme shopaholic who couldn't pass up any sale regardless of whether she needed it or not. \"What did you buy?\" \"I didn't buy anything today, I did something even better.\" Aqua got up from the table convinced that she was lying, Chanel never came home empty-handed. \"Okay, where did you hide the bags this time?\" Aqua mocked playfully as she pretended to search for hidden shopping bags. \"Went on another Prada spree?\" Chanel smiled. \"Nope I didn't buy anything today except for lunch and a manicure.\" \"So if you didn't buy anything, what's up?\" Aqua asked as she watched Chanel plop down on their chocolate-brown leather sectional, and take off her painful looking italian seven-inch heels. \"I know how hard you've been working on the designs for the relaunch.\" Chanel began. \"And I just realized how difficult it must be to come up with an entire fashion collection all by yourself, so I hired two other people to help you get the job done.\" \"What do you mean you hired people to help me? Like what interns or something?\" Chanel leaned back in her seat, obviously pleased with herself. \"No not interns, designers, real live designers! These girls are extremely talented and well-known in the fashion circuit. \"So you hired two new people behind my back to replace me?\" \"Replace you? Aqua you are my best friend why would I replace you? I thought you could use the help.\" \"Yeah, so you could help me right out the door.\"Aqua said sarcastically. \"Why else would you hire people behind my back to do my job.\" \"I didn't hire them behind your back!\" \"Yes you did! You could have just asked me point-blank, instead of being sneaky about it. \"Come on Aqua! Are you seriously accusing me of trying to push you out of the company we built together?\" \"Why wouldn't you?\" Aqua countered rising to her feet. \"I'm not moving fast enough for you, so go ahead and replace me. I'm obviously not good enough not to design for my store!\" Chanel leapt up from her spot on the couch, and walked over to Aqua's workstation. \"Aqua the launch is in less than a month away, and I have not seen one finished sketch.\" She said as she opened up Aqua's sketch pad. \"Put that down Chanel!\" \"Why?\" Chanel started flipping through the pages. \"I want to see what you've been working on.\" \"Put my sketch book down!\" Aqua screamed infuriated by the way Chanel was getting under her skin. \" You've had almost six months and this is all you have to show for it? Chanel's voice began to rise loudly. \"Every page is scribbled and crossed out. There is no collection is there?\" Chanel stood up and flung Aqua's sketch book into the waste basket next to the desk. \"You've been lying to me this whole time. There is nothing in this book but garbage.\" Aqua saw red. Her temper threatened to blaze out of control. In her mind she could see herself slapping that smirk right of Chanel's face. Of course she knew exactly how that would end. The apartment they lived in had a strict no police policy. If the cops were called, no matter what the situation; drugs, loud noises, partying, or fighting, the landlord would evict them. Fighting with Chanel would put them both out on the street. \"You're right Chanel.\" Aqua said grabbing her purse and keys that she had thrown on the couch earlier in haste. \"I'm an untalented liar who is in way over her head!\" Chanel winced as Aqua slammed the door as hard as she could.[Chapter 4] Author's note: Hello all! I am so sorry I have not been able to update this story sooner. Honestly I got a little wrapped up in other things and found myself unable to get back here.(That and I lost all my work and upcoming chapters when my computer broke.) I felt a little disgruntled with my work gone and i was planning on writing an entirely new fic anyway so I was going to let this story hang and fade was the plan until….. I found out a few days ago, that this story has been stolen and claimed by someone else as their \"Original\" work on a different fan-fiction site. I was a little upset about it at first, but as I was reading the comments, I felt happy. People obviously enjoyed this story, so much that one person claimed it as their own. This has actually inspired me to continue this story all the way until the end. As a writer all I have ever wanted was for people to read my work and enjoy it. Anything else is extra. I live and work for the smiles. I bet most of the writers here on this site and beyond would also agree with me. To the budding author who plagiarized this story. As I mentioned above I am not angry. Up until now this story was abandoned and I had zero intent to complete it. If I had not come across your \"Original\" story it probably would have remained that way. So I thank-you from the bottom of my heart for loving this story enough to breathe new life into it and inspiring me in the process. You have my permission to keep using this story and you may even update it with the new chapters coming soon. However I do hope that you or anyone else who likes this story or any of the millions of other stories found here on this site, will support the authors by reviewing, and following their work instead of claiming it as your own. Lola ","Summary":" Chapter One: Dream Deferred \"Closing Time's in 15 minutes Garibaldi, let's get those tables clean."},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"She Walked Away","Author":"IceRose92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3738914","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Rating: I have no idea...I guess I'llnsay T to be safe. Couples: Chanel likes Dorinda...but isnthe feeling mutal? Summary: Dorinda gets some great newsnfrom California and rushes off to tell the other Cheetahs. When shengets there, Galleria starts harping on her clothes again beforenDorinda can tell them. Dorinda and Galleria have another argument andnDorinda storms out. Chanel, who is hopelessly, head-over-heels innlove with Dorinda searches for her and attempts to comfort her.nUltimately, Chanel blurts out her feelings but before Dorinda cannrespond, Galleria finds them and she is determined to finish thenfeud. that she started. Dorinda runs off again. I don't wanna say anynmore because I'll give things away. A/N's: If any of you are reading \"WhatnI really Meant to Say\", I have to tell you that I have madenbiographies for Brooke and Melissa. Check it out. This story is the result of an evil,nnagging plot bunny. It kept me up until 6 AM the other night. Incouldn't stop thinking about it! I had to get it out of my head! But,nanyways, I had no title. The only thing I knew was what would happen.nBut then I was listening to my MP3 player and \"She Walked Away\"nby Barlow Girl came on. It fits perfectly. I thought of this storynafter watching the two scenes in the first movie, where Galleriandisses Doe's clothes at the talent show rehearsal and when Chanelnfinds out that Doe is a foster child. This is set in the girls' sophomorenyear. After the first movie...it's like the second one doesn't exist. Alright...on with the story! ------------- \"Ok, guys,\" one of the danceninstructors said. \"Take ten.\" Dorinda sighed. The class had beennworking for three straight hours. She thought they should get anlonger break than ten minutes. Isn't there, like, a childnlabor law or something that would forbid this? \"Dorinda! Phone!\" she heardnAnthony, one of the instructors, call. She sighed again and walkednover to pick up the phone. I wanna sit down, jeez! For ten measlynminutes, just let me rest!! \"Hello?\" \"Is this a Miss--\" there wasna pause, as if the woman on the other end of the line was lookingndown at a piece of paper. \"Dorinda Thomas?\" \"Yes...\"nDorinda replied, now thoroughly confused. \"My name isnSherri Bennett. I am head of the Young Adults Dance Academy in LosnAngeles, California. Your instructors have informed me that you arenthe best dancer in their class and, after reviewing a tape they sentnme of your class, I have to say I agree with them 110.\" \"Well...uh...thanks,nMs. Bennett,\" Dorinda said, still confused. \"I'm quitenimpressed with the talent that you have. I've never seen that innsomeone so young. I have a position at the academy open, teaching then12 to 14 year old class. I am offering that position...to you.\"nDorinda's eyes widened and her mouth hung agape slightly. \"Me? Ms.nBennett, you must be mistaken. I'm only a sophomore in high school. Injust turned 16. I mean...shouldn't I have, like, a college degree ornsomething?\" she couldn't believe it. She was only 16...and shenwas being offered a job most dancers only every dreamed of having. \"Normally,nyes, you would have to have a college degree. But I am willing tonmake an exception for you. You have so much talent, Dorinda...I'dnhate to see it all go to waste. But, of course, I understand that younmay want to stay in New York. If you want to wait a few years...go toncollege...I'll be more than happy to wait for you.\" Dorinda bitnher lower lip. She had no idea what to say to this woman. \"Um...couldnI...maybe...have a week or so to think about it? There are a fewnpeople that I would like to run this past...their opinions matter tonme. I'd like to talk to them first.\" \"Of course,nDorinda,\" Ms. Bennett said. Dorinda could practically hear thensmile in her voice. \"The class starts in 3 weeks. I'll give younmy number so you can get back to me. Feel free to have your parentsncall me if they want...and I bet they'll want to.\" Dorindangrabbed a pen and a pad of paper. \"Ok...what'snthe number?\" Ms. Bennett told her the number and Dorinda foldednthe paper up and tucked it into her pocket. \"I hope tonhear good news, Dorinda.\" \"Thank younfor the offer Ms. Bennett. I'll be in touch,\" Dorinda said. Withnthat, they hung up. Dorinda was buzzing with excitement. ------------- \"...And shengave me her number because she knew you'd want more information aboutnit.\" After class,nDorinda had rushed straight home to tell her parents about the offernshe received. They were happy that Dorinda's talent had gotten hernsomewhere...but they were still skeptical. After all...she wasnthey're daughter (no matter that she was a foster child) and theyndidn't feel comfortable with her being on the other side of thencountry. \"Dorinda...sweetheart,ndo you want to do this? Because, if you want to...I'm not gonna sayn'no' just yet,\" her father said. Her mother nodded. \"But wenhave to talk to this...Ms. Bennett.\" \"Mom...dad...Inthink I have to talk to the Cheetah girls about this first. Afternall...they are my friends.\" \"Ok,nsweetie. But whatever you chose we'll be happy for you. This will bena great experience,\" her father said and her mother nodded,nagreeing. Dorinda jumped up and hugged her mom and dad. \"Thank younguys soooooo much!!\" she said, kissing each of them on thencheek. \"I've got to go tell the others. Love you!\" Shenyelled as she walked out the door, hoping her friends would be happynfor her. ------------- When Dorindancame to a pay phone, she dropped some change in and dialed Aqua'sncell phone number. The girl picked up on the first ring. \"Hello?\"nAqua greeted in her thick Texan accent. Dorinda could hear Gallerianin the background. She rolled her eyes. \"Hey, girl!nListen...I have big news. Where are you?\" \"Mynapartment. We're all here together,\" Aqua answered. Dorindanrolled her eyes. Obviously . \"Yeah...Infigured. I can hear Galleria,\" she dead panned. \"Yeah,\"nAqua mumbled. Dorinda could imagine her rolling her eyes. \"She'sna little on the loud side, isn't she?\" Dorinda laughed. \"Yo,nGalleria! Turn the volume to the left! Doe can hear you all the waynthrough the phone.\" Aqua yelled. \"What...?\"nDorinda heard Galleria ask. Aqua sighed. Dorinda laughed. \"Ok...sonI'll be over in a few, ok?\" \"Alright,ngirl! Can't wait to hear that news. See you!\" they said theirngoodbyes and hung up. Dorinda took a deep breath. She feared thenworst from her friends, but hoped they'd understand and be happy. Shenwouldn't go if they didn't want her to, though...if someone gave herna good enough reason to stay. ------------- Aqua hung up thenphone and walked back to her bedroom where Chanel and Galleria werensitting on the bed. She sat down, too, making a triangle out of theirnsitting arrangement. \"Who wasnthat?\" Galleria asked. She was looking at a bunch of fashionnpictures from one of the most expensive clothing shops in New York. \"Do-Re-Mi.nShe said she has some big news to tell us. She'll be over in a fewnminutes.\" Chanel gaspednquietly. Her eyes widen and she looked down at her hands, which werenin her lap. Oh. My. GOD! I can not believe it...of all the days tonnot wear a bit of make up...I choose today!! The other two lookednat her and sent each other knowing smiles. Chanel had never broughtnattention to it...but Aqua and Galleria could tell that she had morenthan friendly feelings for Dorinda. \"Obvious,nmuch?\" Aqua mouthed silently to Galleria. Galleria shrugged. \"Good...I'venbeen wanting to show her these,\" she held up the pictures.nChanel looked up, frowning. \"Galleria...Indon't think that's such a good idea. You know she can't afford thatnstuff,\" she said. Galleria scoffed. \"I justnwant to show her! Give her some ideas, some options. We're hernfriends...there are such things as Christmas and her birthday! Whatngood friends would we be if we didn't get her anything?\"nGalleria said, still looking down at the pictures. Chanel and Aquanlooked at each other. Aqua rolled her eyes and shook her head,ntelling Chanel not to press it. Chanel offered a weak smile, scarednof where this may lead them. ------------- A/N: What do younguys think? Should I continue? Please review. Oh...I have a question.nDid that couple adopt Dorinda or are they just her fosters until shengets a permanent home? I have nevernbeen to New York, so if someone who lives there or who has beennthere, could tell me the name of a shop that sells VERY expensivenclothes and things, it would be greatly appreciated![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Rating: I have no idea...I guess I'll say T to be safe. Couples: Chanel likes Dorinda...but is the feeling mutal? A/N: Yeah...so no one has informed me of any shops in New York...so the shop has no name for now. ------------- Dorinda knocked on Aqua's door. A minute later, she heard a very faint \"You guys suck!\" and then very loud laughter. Finally, the door opened and there stood Chanel who was blushing furiously. She had no make up on and she was in nothing but jogging pants and a t-shirt. She smiled shyly at Dorinda and stepped aside to let her in. ------------- The three Cheetahs were sitting on the bed in silence when there was a knock on the door. \"Would you get that, Chanel?\" Aqua asked, picking at her fingernails and trying not to laugh. \"Me? It's your apartment!\" Chanel exclaimed, panicing. Aqua showed her the back of her hand and wiggled her fingers slightly. \"Busy,\" she stated matter-of-factly. Chanel groaned inwardly and looked at Galleria. The other girl practically read her mind. \"Busy,\" she said, never looking up from the pictures in her lap. \"Girl, you might want to go get that. Doe might leave,\" Aqua said. Chanel got up. When she reached the door, she turned on her heel to face the other two. \"You guys suck!\" she stated loudly. She turned and walked out. She was halfway down the hallway when she heard the other girls burst into hysterical laughter. She rolled her eyes and sighed. Is it that obvious? She stopped in front of the door and attempted to fix her hair. She looked down at her jogging pants and her t-shirt. She wasn't even wearing shoes or socks. She thought that she wouldn't be seeing Dorinda today, so she hadn't bothered to fix herself up. She opened the door and gave Dorinda a small smile. She could feel the blush creeping up her neck and into her cheeks. She stepped aside to let the girl in. \"Hey, Doe,\" she said as she closed the door. She looked at Dorinda. She was still in her dance clothes. \"Hey, girl! Hmmm...I like your change of wardrobe! You look more like you with these on,\" Chanel looked up and smiled, still blushing. \"And no make up. Jeez...what did those two do?\" Chanel gave her a confused look. Dorinda pointed at Chanel's face. Chanel brought her hand up to her cheek gingerly, fearful of what she'd find. \"I didn't know that people could turn that shade of red!\" Dorinda laughed. \"Oh...that. They girls...they, uh...they were joking at my expense,\" Chanel said. Not a complete lie. \"Awww...poor, Chanel!\" Dorinda stepped forward and pulled the smaller girl into a tight hug, putting her arms around her waist and her hands on the small of her back. Chanel's arms instantly went around Dorinda's neck as a reflex. \"Want me to beat them up for you?\" Chanel nodded, her face pressed into Dorinda's chest. She inhaled. Strawberries. I'm in heaven! ------------- \"Where are they?\" Aqua asked Galleria, realizing that Chanel and Dorinda hadn't come in yet. Galleria shrugged, still engrossed in the photos, which she had been through at least seven times. Aqua rolled her eyes. \"Come on!\" she said, grabbing Galleria's wrist and hauling her out of the bedroom. When they reached the living room they were shocked by what they saw. There stood Dorinda, her arms around Chanel's waist and her hands on the small of the girls back, and Chanel, her arms around Dorinda's neck and her head pressed into her chest. Galleria gasped. \"Chanel! Girl, you finally told her!\" the girls pulled away and Aqua hit Galleria on the shoulder. Chanel sent Galleria a death glare. \"Told me what?\" Dorinda asked. \"Nothing! It's nothing. What's the big news?\" Chanel asked, changing the subject as quickly as possible. \"Oh, yeah! Today, after dance clas-\" Dorinda started, only to be cut off by Galleria. \"Oh, girl! Before you tell us, I have something to show you!\" she said, grabbing Dorinda and pulling her towards the bedroom where she had dropped the photos. Aqua and Chanel looked at each other, both thing the same thing: This will not have a good outcome. They followed the other two and stood in the doorway. Galleria walked over to the bed, let go of Dorinda, and picked up the photos. She handed them to Dorinda. Dorinda took one look at the first one and shot a glare at Galleria. \"Galleria...what are these?\" \"Fashion photos. I thought I'd open up some options for you. Feel free to cut them up...mix and match,\" Galleria said, obviously happy with herself. Dorinda groaned and dropped the pictures on the bed. \"This again, Galleria? You know I can't afford any of these. My parents have ten other kids to buy clothes for, too!\" \"Girl...they're just opt-\" \"Options? Galleria...please. I don't need this,\" Dorinda said. Galleria shrugged, obviously irritated. \"Ok...I guess it doesn't matter. Go ahead and walk around New York in those raggedy clothes.\" Dorinda scoffed and shook her head. \"Whatever,\" she said. She turned and walked out of the door, breaking through Chanel and Aqua. When she reached the front door, she opened it and stepped into the long hallway. She resisted the urge to slam the door as hard as she possibly could...after all this wasn't Galleria's apartment. Once she exited the building, she turned to the right and, finding an alley a little ways up the street, turned into it, hoping to calm down a little bit. She sat down on an up turned crate on the other side of a dumpster. A single tear fell from her eye as she thought about how horrible of a friend Galleria could be at times. ------------- Chanel watched Dorinda storm out of the apartment, knowing that she couldn't stop her. She rounded on Galleria instead. \"How. Could. You?! We told you! You know that she hates it when you do that!\" Chanel said dangerously. \"Raggedy? Her clothes are NOT raggedy! They're casual. Eleven kids, Galleria! Mr and Mrs. Bosco have ELEVEN kids to care for...to feed! The only reason they're allowed to live where they do is because Mr. Bosco is the superintendant,\" she shook her head. \"Sometimes, Galleria, I wonder how you ever manage to make and keep friends,\" she turned and headed out of the apartment, intent on finding Dorinda. She stood outside, looking left and right frantically. She did a quick ennie-meanie-miny-moe in her head and headed right. When she came to the alley, she looked down it. Even though she didn't see anyone, she had a good feeling that Dorinda had gone that way. Besides...Doe couldn't have gotten far. She had just reached the dumpster when she heard someone sniffle quietly. \"Do-re-mi?\" she asked cautiously...just in case. \"Chanel?\" Dorinda poked her head around the dumpster. Chanel nodded and sent her a small, knowing smile. She walked over and knelt in front of Dorinda, placing her hands on the taller girls knees for support. Her heart beat quickened at the contact. \"You ok?\" she asked. Dorinda nodded slightly. She's so cute. She looks like a child. Chanel stood up and held out her hand. Dorinda looked at it, confused. \"Come on. Let's go to my place...it's much safer.\" Dorinda took her hand and Chanel hauled her to her feet and together they walked to Chanel's apartment, holding hands the whole way. ------------- Dorinda sat at Chanel's kitchen table with a bottle of water in front of her. Chanel was seated across from her. \"I can't believe Galleria! After everything that happened the first time...\" she trailed off. \"I know,\" Chanel said queitly. She grabbed Dorinda's hand in her own. \"You know that when she gets the fashion stuff stuck in her head that's all she thinks about. Sometimes I'm worried she may forget to breathe one time,\" Dorinda smiled. \"That's what I like to see,\" Dorinda's smile widen and she giggled slightly. I think...now's the time. She took a deep breath. \"What's wrong, Chanel?\" Dorinda asked, looking worried. \"I...have something to tell you,\" Chanel started. Now or never, Chuchie! \"Ok...I'm listening,\" Dorinda said. \"I...uh...I love you,\" Chanel mumbled, hoping Dorinda hadn't heard her. She did though. \"I love you too. I mean...Cheetah Sisters, right?\" Dorinda said cluelessly. Chanel sighed inwardly. This is gonna be harder than I thought. Isn't she supposed to be the smart one? \"No...I mean, yes, Cheetah Sisters and all...but I love you...as more.\" Chanel said. Dorinda still looked confused. Oh boy... \"More than a friend. As in...I want to be with you!\" Chanel explained further. She could feel her face burning up. She thought she'd faint at any moment. They were silent for a while, letting the information seep in. Dorinda opened her mouth to say something when there was a loud, obnoxious banging on the door. Dorinda looked relieved and disappointed at the same time. Chanel sighed sadly and got up to answer the door. There stood an angry Galleria and a helpless Aqua. \"I tried to stop her,\" Aqua shrugged. \"Sorry,\" Galleria swiveled her head around to glare at Aqua, who shut up immediately. \"Is Dorinda here?\" Galleria asked, a little too sweetly. Chanel peered around the door at Dorinda, who was staring out the window. That was all the answer Galleria needed. She stepped towards Chanel and put a finger in her face. \"I'll get to you in a minute,\" she said, trying and failing to sound dangerous. She pushed past Chanel. \"You,\" she said, coming up to Dorinda. \"Are SO rude! Just walking out like that.\" she tsked and shook her head mockingly. \"Me? I'm rude? Galleria, you said my clothes were raggedy, and I'M rude?!\" Dorinda asked. \"Not were , Doe. Are . Your clothes are raggedy,\" Galleria said calmly. \"Galleria-\" Chanel started, trying to defend Dorinda. Galleria rounded on her and held out her palm in a talk-to-the-hand manner. \"Am I talking to you, Chuchie? No. I'll talk to you in a minute! Wait your turn,\" she turned back to Dorinda. Chanel's eyes widen and she stepped towards Galleria, intent on causing permanent damage. Why is she being like this?! She's changed so much. Aqua grabbed her upper arm and pulled her back, giving her an she's-not-worth-it look. \"As I was saying. Your clothes are raggedy, Doe. I was only trying to help.\" \"Help? Help?! Galleria, you never help! You're always the one to make things worse. Sometimes you are the worst friend anyone could EVER have.\" Galleria looked taken aback, but shrugged none the less. \"Ok. Well, I guess it doesn't matter anyways. You only dance...not much on the singing, are you?\" Dorinda shook her head and scoffed. She couldn't believe that Galleria was so determined to win this that she would bring up an old argument. She stepped around Galleria and headed for the door. When she came to Chanel, who Aqua had pushed back to the door, she leaned down close to her, her lips brushing Chanel's ear. \"I'm sorry,\" she whispered. She cupped Chanel's right cheek while she planted a soft, lingering kiss on her left. Then she hugged her tightly. She opened the door and left. Chanel made to go after her but Aqua stopped her. \"Give her some time. And besides, we need to stay her and calm Gallzilla over there down,\" she whispered so Galleria wouldn't hear her. Chanel nodded, touching her cheek. She kissed me. ------------- Dorinda didn't stop running until she was inside her apartment. She locked the door behind her. She sat at the bottom of the stairs, trying to catch her breath.. Once she was breathing rather normally, she walked into the kitchen where she knew her mom and dad were. \"Hey sweetheart!\" her dad greeted. \"Did you guys talk it over?\" \"Yeah,\" she lied. \"We had a long conversation about it. They're happy for me and they said that I should go if I want to...if that's what'll make me happy.\" she'd made up her mind while she was running home. She just had to get away from Galleria. \"Can you call Ms. Bennett? I want to go...I want to do this.\" I'm so sorry, Chanel. I hope you'll understand. ------------- A/N: Well? What do you think? Please review! I know Galleria is evil. But I made her more evil because I don't like her. This may be the last update for a while. School starts Monday :[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Rating: I have no idea...I guess I'llnsay T to be safe. Couples: Chanel likes Dorinda...but isnthe feeling mutual? A/N: I'm gonna start putting the daynthat things happen in this. Maybe even the time if I feel it'snneeded. Dorinda's parents names aren'tnmentioned, so I have to invent one for her dad. I just watched the \"Gotta Go MynOwn Way\" scene from HSM2 on youtube. I couldn't stop picturingnthem being Miley and Lily from Hannah Montana. I don't know why. Insaw Miley as Gabriella and Lily as Troy...randomness, I know. Cannanyone else picture another couple for it...or is it just me? ------------- Chanel rounded on Galleria. \"Who the fuck do you think younare?!\" she asked dangerously. Galleria's eyes widened in shock.nShe had never heard Chanel curse before. She recovered quickly. \"What? She had it coming. She cannbe so damn rude at times,\" she said while rummaging around innher purse. Chanel stepped towards her, but Aqua stopped her beforenshe could hurt Galleria. \"Why do you keep pestering her?nWhy are you always bringing up old arguments to try and win a fight?\" \"Why does she always run from hernproblems?\" Galleria retorted, pulling out a nail file from hernpurse. She ran it over her fingernails. \"Why can't she standnhere and take it?\" \"Why can't you just get off hernback?!\" Chanel screamed. Any earlier thoughts of restrainingnherself were long gone. Aqua tightened her grip on Chanel, sensingnthat she would launch at Galleria at any second. \"Chanel,\" Galleria began. Shenwaved her nail file around, trying to emphasize her words. \"You'renonly defending her because you like her. You seriously need to getnover her...you deserve sooo much better.\" That did it. Chanelnpushed Aqua away and walked over to Galleria, who looked at hernexpectantly. Chanel smiled at her sweetly and, when Galleria smilednback and went to pull her into a hug, she balled her right hand intona fist and punched Galleria in her left jaw. Galleria let out a yelpnand fell to the floor, clutching her face. \"Chanel!\" Aqua stated innshock. \"That's my name, don't wear itnout,\" Chanel said grumpily as she walked out the door. Aquandebated on whether to see if Galleria was missing any teeth or to runnafter Chanel. She finally decide that, at this moment, she didn'tncare too much for Galleria. She ran through the door and caughtnChanel at the elevator. \"Girl I know you want to go findnDoe, but maybe you should give her some time. I mean...if I was justnyelled at, I'd want to be left alone for a while,\" Aquanreasoned. The smaller girl was quiet for a beat. \"I told her,\" she statednsimply. Aqua brought her eye brows together in confusion. Thenelevator dinged and the doors opened. They stepped inside and Chanelnpushed the button for the first floor. Once the doors closed, Aquanturned to Chanel. \"You told who what?\" Chanelnturned to her. Her eyes were brimmed with tears and she lookednslightly annoyed that she had to explain herself. \"I...I told Dorinda that I lovenher. She was going to say something when Galleria...\" shencouldn't continue. She sobbed and Aqua wrapped her arms aroundnChanel's shoulders and hugged her tightly. \"I'm so sorry,\" she said. \"Intried my best to stop her,\" Chanel pulled away from the embracenand wiped her eyes as the elevator opened. \"It's ok, Aqua. It's not yournfault. No one can stop Queen Galleria once she sets her mind tonsomething,\" Chanel assured. They stepped outside into the coldnDecember air and sat down on one of the wooden benches. \"Look, Chanel. It's Friday. Wendon't have school Monday. Let's wait until Tuesday to talk tonDorinda. Give her some time to clear her head. Is that ok?\" Aquanasked. She hated leaving her friend alone at a time like this, butnsometimes it's what's best. They were quiet for a while, debatingnpossibilities and the consequences of them in their heads. \"Ok,\" Chanel said finally.n\"Fine...we'll wait until Tuesday. I just hope that it doesn'tnmake her think that we don't care.\" Aqua nodded. \"Good. Now, let's go and getnGalleria out of your apartment. Then maybe we can go see a movie ornsomething?\" Chanel nodded and they began their trek back up tonChanel's apartment. \"By the way...that was a nice!\" Chanelnlaughed. ------------- Saturday Afternoon, 5:30 PM,nDorinda's Apartment \"And her apartment will be rightnacross the hall from my own,\" Sherri Bennett explained to Mr andnMrs. Boscoe. Mr. Boscoe had called her Friday evening at Dorinda'sninsistence. Ms. Bennett had taken the first flight from L.A. to NewnYork, arriving at the Boscoe's only an hour prior to thisnconversation. Dorinda had stopped listening to her, still caught onnthe $25 an hour pay. \"Dorinda will have a private tutor, whichnthe academy will provide, for schooling. Her hours will be 9:00 AM ton1:00 PM. Because of child labor laws she has to take a break, duringnwhich her tutor will come at 1:30 PM and stay until 4. Then, Dorindanwill come back in from 5:30 to 8 for an evening class. And I willnmake it my own personal mission to make sure she keeps her grades up.nHer tutor will e-mail you a progress report every three weeks.\" \"Um...could the tutor maybe callnus instead?\" Mrs. Boscoe asked. Ms. Bennett nodded. \"Whatever is convenient with you,\"nshe said. \"Would you give us a minute tondiscuss this with Dorinda for a minute?\" Mr. Boscoe asked. WhennMs. Bennett nodded, the three of them got up and headed to thenkitchen. \"She's very nice. And I like thenprivate tutor,\" Mrs. Boscoe said. \"That's cool and all...but thenpay!\" Dorinda said excitedly. Mr. Boscoe laughed at hisndaughter. \"Now, Dorinda...are you absolutelynsure you want to do this?\" he asked her. \"Mom...dad. I want to do this.nIt's going to be a great experience. And the pay! Will you let mengo...please?\" Dorinda begged, putting on her best puppy dognface...the one her father couldn't refuse. \"On a few conditions,\" Mr.nBoscoe said. \" You have to keep your grades up. If they start tondrop you're coming right back home, got it?\" Dorinda nodded. \"And you will call us ten times anday, deal?\" her father said. Dorinda smiled and laughed. \"Deal!\" she squealed andnpulled her parents in for a hug. They headed back to the living room. \"We have talked it over,\" Mr.nBoscoe said, sitting down in his stained, battered recliner. \"Wenhave decided to let Dorinda do this. She's really excited and wenthink it's a wonderful opportunity.\" \"But...the minute her grades drop,nwe want you to call us,\" Mrs. Boscoe added. Ms. Bennett nodded. \"Deal...ok great!\" she said,nreaching in her briefcase and pulling out a stack of papers.n\"Ok...because Dorinda is 16 and therefore still protected bynlabor laws, you will need to fill out these consent forms.\" When Ms. Bennett finished explainingnthe forms and the Boscoe's had signed them, she put them away andnstood up. \"Alrighty. Thank you so much fornall of your cooperation tonight. I must be heading back to thenhotel,\" she reached into her briefcase one last time and pullednout a plane ticket and handed it to Dorinda. \"Our plane leavesnMonday afternoon, Dorinda. I'll be here around 4 so we can head out,nok? See you then!\" She shook each of the Boscoe's hands andnleft. \"So is Dorinda leaving?\" theynheard a tiny, but forceful voice call. They looked up and saw tennlittle heads poking out of various places on the second level. \"Yes guys...I'm leaving,\"nDorinda said, smiling at them sadly. They were quiet for a minute.nThen, \"Can I have your room?\" tennvoices asked in unison. Dorinda laughed and Mrs. Boscoe shook hernhead in disprovement. \"You all go somewhere and play!\"nshe said sternly. They all scattered. \"You better start packing,nDorinda,\" she said. Dorinda nodded and headed upstairs to hernroom. Mrs. Boscoe turned to her husband with tears in her eyes. Hensmiled at her sadly, kissed her forehead, and headed to the kitchen. ------------- Monday Afternoon, 6:45 PM, Airport \"Now boarding flight 124 to LosnAngeles, California.\" \"This is it,\" Ms. Bennettnsaid, standing up from her seat. Dorinda followed suit. Her parentsnpulled her into a group hug. Her father kissed the top of her headnand her mother sobbed. Finally they ended their embrace and Dorindanspoke. \"I'll call you guys every singlenday!\" \"And you are coming home fornChristmas and Thanksgiving!\" her mother demanded. Dorindannodded. \"I love you guys so much!\" \"Love you too!\" they repliednin unison. Dorinda and Ms. Bennett handed their tickets to thenwaiting attendant standing near the doorway. Dorinda turned one lastntime and waved goodbye to the only parents she had ever known. Then,nshe turned and boarded the plane. ------------- Mr and Mrs. Boscoe stood at the floornto ceiling window and watched their daughter's plane take flight. \"James...did we make the rightndecision?\" Mrs. Boscoe asked, her voice muffled by her husband'sncoat. Mr. Boscoe didn't answer. He pulled his wife closer to him andnkissed the top of her head. ------------- Friday Afternoon, 1 PM, Lunch timenat Fashion Industries High School Chanel and Aqua were seated in thencafeteria. They hadn't spared a glance at or said a word to Galleriansince the incident a week ago. They were both ver worried aboutnDorinda. She hadn't been to school all week. For some reason, Chanelnlet Aqua convince her to let Doe alone. \"After all,\" Aquanhad said. \"She may be very ill.\" \"I scared her off!\" Chanelnexclaimed suddenly. \"That's got to be it. I told her how Infeel...she freaked...and transferred!\" she let her head fall tonthe table with a dull thud, grabbing the attention of a few othernpeople at their table. \"Girl she's probably just sick!nShe has got to be stressed out from school, dance classes, and whatnhappened with...you know. Tons of stress can make people sick. Plusnit's December...people get sick all the time,\" Aqua reasoned.nShe knew Chanel wasn't convinced...she wasn't even convincingnherself. \"Ok...how about this: we'll go and check on her afternschool. Alright?\" she offered. Chanel nodded, not bothering tonpick her head up off the table. After the school, the pair rushed rightnover to Dorinda's. Aqua rang the bell. Mrs. Boscoe opened the doornsmiling. When she saw the girls, her smile faded and she lookednconfused. \"Hi, Mrs. Boscoe. Is Dorindanhome?\" Aqua asked. \"Um...\" Mrs. Boscoe started. \"We're worried about her,nconsidering she hasn't been to school all week,\" Chanel added. \"Oh dear...you girls better comenin and sit down,\" Mrs. Boscoe said, leading the girls inside andninto the living room. They hesitantly sat on the couch. \"Girls...last Friday, Dorinda camenover to tell you something important. Did she ever tell you?\" \"No ma'am. Galleria gave her anhard time over...some things and she stormed out, Chanel explained.nMrs. Boscoe sighed. \"James?!\" she called over hernshoulder into the kitchen. The man came around the corner. \"Yes?\" \"Dorinda didn't discuss...thenthing with her friends, like she told us she did,\" Mrs. Boscoensaid angrily. Mr. Boscoe took a deep breath. \"Imma have to have a serious talknwith that girl about lying to us,\" he said. \"Can someone please tell us whatnhappened?\" Chanel asked worriedly. The Boscoe's explained thensituation to the girls. Chanel was in tears by the time they werenfinished. \"She told us that she discussed itnseriously with the three of you.\" \"Well...it's understandable.nGalleria was horrible towards her,\" Aqua said, glancing atnChanel out of the corner of her eye. Aqua explained their story tonthe Boscoe's. Mr. Boscoe was enraged that someone (especiallynGalleria) who was supposed to be his daughter's friend could say suchnhorrible things. They were silent for a while. Chanel finally brokenthe silence. \"Um...yeah so...I better headnhome. Mom'll have a cow if I'm not there when she gets home.\" \"Yeah...me too. Thanks for tellingnus about...yeah,\" Aqua said. They both stood up, hugged thenBoscoes and left. \"I'm so sorry, Chanel. It's mynfault...we could have caught her...\" Aqua apologized. \"No...Aqua it's not your fault.nThere's nothing we could have done.\" ------------- When Aqua arrived home, she picked upnher phone and dialed Galleria's number. \"Hello?\" \"Here's the deal: I have somethingnto tell you. This is the last time I'm EVER going to speak to you,nmmk?\" Aqua said, rudely. Galleria grunted her approval. Shenexplained everything to Galleria. When she finished she said,n\"Alrighty...have a nice life!\" and slammed the phone ontonthe receiver. ------------- Chanel walked through the door andnturned on the light. Her mom wasn't home yet. Thank God . Shenwalked to her room and stripped off her shoes, socks, jeans, andnblouse and climbed into bed in nothing but her bra and boy shorts.nShe buried her head in her pillow and sobbed. She could still feelnDorinda's breath on her ear and her lips on her cheek. She couldn'tnreally blame Dorinda for leaving, but she couldn't help but be mad atnher a little bit. All she could really do was hope that Dorinda wouldncome home one day. I now officially hate you, Galleria Garibaldi! ------------- A/N: Alright...what do you think?nReview please! Haha...today my English teacher wasntalking about the correct way to write quotes...apparently I've beenndoing it wrong. Oh well.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Rating: I have no idea...I guess I'llnsay T to be safe. Couples: Chanel likes Dorinda...but isnthe feeling mutual? ------------- 2 Years Later Chanel sat in her third period Englishnclass waiting for the tardy bell to ring. She hated English, and itnjust made matters worse that Mr. Moore, her teacher, had seated hernfront and center of the class. Finally the bell rang and Mr. Moorenclosed the door. \"Alright, class,\" he began,nclapping his hands together and walking to the front of the room.n\"Today, we have a new student.\" Chanel sighed and restednher head in her hand, tuning Mr. Moore out. She wished Aqua had thisnclass. Maybe then it wouldn't be so boring. But two of the better things was one,nMr. Moore was a total hottie, and two, Galleria didn't have thisnclass. Chanel soon found herself daydreamingnabout Dorinda. Where was she now? What was she doing? Was she hurt?nSick? In a hospital? Dead? Chanel shook her head at that thought andnrealized that someone was speaking to her. \"Chanel? Can you tell me thenanswer?\" Mr. Moore asked, standing directly in front of her. \"Errr...noun?\" she guessed. \"Um...yes, that's right,\" hensaid, moving on to someone else. Chanel breathed a sigh of relief. Finally the lunch bell rang. Chanel wasnhalf way out of her seat when Mr. Moore came to stand in front ofnher. \"Chanel, may I speak with you?\"nhe asked kindly, sitting down on a desktop. She nodded and turned tonface him. \"Is there something wrong? Is something bothering you?nYou seem distant.\" She shook her head. Oh nothing much, Mr.nMoore. Just that the love of my life left me here all alone to wondernwhat happened to her. What's that Mr. Moore? Yes, I did just sayn'her'. \"No, Mr. Moore. Everything'snfine...I just have a lot on my mind is all.\" He nodded. \"Ok. But if you ever need to talknyou can always come to me,\" he said. Chanel nodded. \"Thank you, Mr. Moore,\" shensaid. He smiled at her and allowed her to leave for lunch.nThankfully, she had lunch with Aqua. \"Girl, what took so long?\"nAqua asked as Chanel took her seat. \"I zoned out during class and Mr.nMoore wanted to know if anything was bothering me,\" Chanelnexplained, not really wanting to go into detail. Aqua looked at hernexpectantly. She looked down at the table, hoping Aqua would get thenhint. She didn't. \"Well? What's wrong?\" shenasked gently. Chanel shook her head. \"C'mon, Chuchie. Is itnabout...her?\" Chanel nodded. \"I can't help but wonder where shenis or what she's doing,\" Chanel looked up with tears in herneyes. Aqua looked towards the end of the table. \"We're being watched,\" shensaid quietly. Chanel looked over and saw Galleria staring at them.nThe guy she was sitting with brought her attention back to him andnshe began laughing. Aqua and Chanel shook their heads. \"Look, Chanel. I'm not going tontell you not to worry about her...you'll do that anyway. But...givenher some time. She'll come home eventually. Her family isnhere...we're here,\" Aqua said, trying to comfort her friend.nChanel nodded, not really convinced. \"How about you come overntonight? We have that history test tomorrow. We could study ornsomething...we both need all the help we can get.\" \"Ok. History isn't one of ournbetter subjects...come to think of it neither is English,\"nChanel said. \"Or science...or math,\" Aquanmuttered. The girls laughed. The rest of the lunch period was spentnlaughing and joking and talking about nothing in particular. When thenbell signifying the end of lunch sounded, the girls parted ways. ------------- \"Ok, ok...who wrote thenDeclaration of Independence?\" Aqua asked, reading from hernnotes. Chanel's eyes widened. \"Um...some old guy...who's nowndead...so why do I need to know this?\" Aqua laughed. \"C'mon girl, do you know it ornnot?\" \"No...wait...Thomas Jefferson?\"nChanel asked, uncertain. \"Very good!\" Aqua said,napplauding. \"Ok...I think we've studied enough!\" She threwnher notebook to the floor. \"I agree,\" Chanel said,nthrowing her own notebook to the floor. \"Ok,\" Aqua said, jumping intonfull on 'girl talk' mode. \"Prom is two weeks from Friday. Hasnanyone asked you?\" Chanel nodded. \"I've had a couple of offers...butnnone of them are who I really want to go with,\" she said sadly.nAqua nodded. She understood. They sat in silence for a while beforenChanel finally spoke again. \"Are you going with anyone?\" \"Actually...I accepted anninvitation yesterday.\" \"Really?! Who?\" \"Adam,\" Aqua said shyly. \"Adam Hatley?\" Chanel askednincredulously. Adam Hatley was Fashion Industries' resident shy, emonboy. He was 19. He should have graduated the previous year, but henwent through a rough patch in his home life and he failed all of hisnsecond semester classes. He wore jeans, a band t-shirt, andnvans/converse all the time. He wasn't really who Chanel had picturednAqua getting together with. \"Yeah. I've kinda had a crush onnhim. I accepted with earnest. When I accepted...he smiled!\" Aquansaid. Adam rarely ever smiled. They spent the rest of their nightntalking about what Aqua was going to wear. Aqua even managed tonconvince Chanel to come with or without a date. Chanel finally lookednat the clock and, upon seeing that it was past 8, decided that she'dnbetter head home. She gathered her things, assured Aqua that she'd benfine on her own, and left. Chanel was a block from her apartment.nIt was eerily quiet. There were no cars passing by. No people onneither sidewalk. All the lights were out, except for the streetnlight. But, Chanel couldn't shake the feeling that she was beingnfollowed. She stopped and turned to see if anyone was behind her.nSeeing no one, she continued on her way, figuring it was just Aquanmaking sure she got home safely. What's the deal? This is NewnYork...there are always people milling around. Where is everyone? Suddenly, she felt someone grab hernroughly from behind. One of their hands clamped over her mouth andnthe other arm wrapped around her waist. Chanel dropped her bag andnclawed at the person's hand. She tried to scream, but the handnmuffled it. The person drug her backwards into an alley. She felt herself being slammed into thenalley wall. The person held her in place. She could see that he wasndefinitely a guy and it became apparent when he told her not tonscream or he'd \"make it hurt worse.\" He wore red, yellow,nand black face paint. He slowly unbuttoned her blouse,nteasing her. She took advantage of the fact that he wasn't payingnenough attention to clamping her mouth shut. She ripped his handnaway. \"Help!\" she screamed. \"Helpnme!\" she couldn't let this guy take her in the alley. The man slapped her hard across thenface. Her head flew backwards and collided with the brick wall behindnher. Her vision began to swim. She heard footsteps and a loud WHACK!nThe guy screamed and released her, falling to the ground in annunconscious heap. Chanel slid down the wall to the ground, her visionngetting dimmer and dimmer. As she faded into unconsciousness, shenfelt herself being lifted off the ground by a pair of strong, butndefinitely female, arms. She saw a flash of blonde hair and smellednthe intoxicating smell of strawberries before everything went black. ------------- Chanel awoke, but didn't open herneyes. Her head hurt too much. She realized she was laying on a bed.nThe bed felt familiar and she could tell she was covered withnblankets. She could also tell that she was in nothing but her bra andnboy shorts. She finally opened her eyes to look around. She was innher room, laying in her bed. She reached over and turned on the lampnon her bedside table. \"Was it a dream?\" shenwhispered to herself. She took into account her pounding head andnstill burning cheek. She had no idea how she had gotten home. Shendidn't remember taking her clothes off or getting into bed.n\"Nope...definitely not a dream. But...who brought me home?\"nShe found it odd that whoever it was knew exactly where she lived andnwhere her room was. She looked to her right and saw her clothesnfolded neatly on her computer chair. She shook her head, confused andnfrightened at the same time. ------------- At lunch the next day, Chanel told Aquanabout her ordeal. \"I think the person that broughtnme home was a girl...or woman. I saw long blonde hair. Maybe it was anguy with long hair. I don't know,\" she rested her head in hernhand. She'd thought about it all day and had given herself anheadache. \"Will you come over tonight? I don't want to benalone.\" \"Of course. See? You should havenlet me take you home. But it's weird that the street was deserted,\"nAqua said, scratching her chin. \"I know this sounds weird...but,nin a way, I'm glad it happened to me. Someone else may not have beennas fortunate. That person walked past the alley at the right time. Ifnanother woman would have come by later...that person wouldn't havenbeen there to help,\" Chanel said. \"You wanna know what creeps me outnthe most? The fact that you woke up in your underwear. That'snfreakin' creepy. Let's hope it was a woman,\" Aqua said, laughingnslightly. Chanel bit her lip. \"Sorry...I didn't mean to worrynyou.\" \"It's ok...but if there is a Godnin heaven...it'll have been a woman,\" Chanel responded. At thatnmoment the lunch bell rang. Chanel and Aqua headed back to class. Chanel couldn't keep her mind off ofnthe person. She knew that, whoever it was, it was someone either shenor her mom knew, who knew where they lived, and who also had blondenhair. She shook her head, hoping to clear it. Whoever it was willnprobably come foward eventually. ------------- Aqua and Chanel were sitting on thencouch in Chanel's apartment after school talking about prom. Chanel'snmom was at work (Chanel wasn't completely sure she wasn't outnshopping instead), so they didn't have to worry about beingninterrupted. Aqua was telling Chanel about a dress that she had seennin a store window a few days prior, when there was a knock on thendoor. Chanel sighed and rose from the couch to answer it. \"Galleria?\" she asked,nstunned. She felt Aqua come up behind her. Galleria shuffled her feetnuncertainly, her hands clasped in front of her. The three girls werensilent for a beat, just staring at one another. \"Can...can I come in?\"nGalleria asked meekly. Chanel nodded curtly and stepped aside. Shendidn't like Galleria, but Chanel knew it was only fair to hear whatnshe had to say. Galleria stood in the center of the room and lookednaround. \"Wow...this place hasn't changednat all,\" Galleria whispered. \"What do you want?\" Aquanasked viciously. Galleria looked down. \"Chuchie...\" she began.nChanel held up a hand to stop her. \"Don't...you don't have the rightnto call me that anymore. What do you want, Galleria?\" \"I uh...I just wanted to see younguys,\" Galleria whispered. \"Yeah...right,\" Aqua snapped.n\"You want something.\" Galleria shook her head. \"Chuc...Chanel...I'm sorry. I'mntruly sorry. I really didn't mean to make Dorinda leave,\" Chanelncringed and her eyes filled with tears. It was an unspoken rulenbetween Chanel and Aqua to never speak Dorinda's name. Aqua knew itnwould cause Chanel to break down. \"Get out,\" Aqua saidndangerously, seeing Chanel's reaction. \"Aqua...that's not your decision,\"nGalleria said, looking to Chanel, silently begging her to let hernstay. There was another knock on the door. \"Galleria...please get out,\"nChanel said, almost sobbing, as she went to open the door. When shenopened it, there was no one there. She looked down the hall and saw anflash of blonde hair disappear around the corner. Chanel cocked hernhead to the side, wondering if that could have possibly been thenperson that saved her. \"Galleria get out!\" she heardnAqua say. She turned back to them. Galleria looked at her withnpleading eyes. She shook her head and Galleria looked down sadly. Shenwalked to the door that Chanel had neglected to close. She lookednback, hoping Chanel and Aqua were pranking her. When she saw nothingnin their eyes but coldness and loathing, she left without anothernword. Aqua walked over to Chanel and wrappednher arms around her, letting the smaller girl cry on her shoulder. ------------- I can't believe I'm actually here rightnnow, standing outside Chanel's apartment, trying to find the couragento knock. I finally lift my hand and rap my knuckles softly on thendoor. Part of me hopes that it was so soft no one heard it. \"Galleria...please get out,\"nI hear Chanel say, almost sobbing. Galleria? Alright...I knownnow coming here was a mistake. I turn and quickly walk down thenhallway. I hear the door opened behind me and I pick up my pace so Incan get around the corner before I'm noticed. I hop into thenelevator. Once the doors close, I lean against the back wall, tearsnclouding my vision. So close...yet so far away. Would I havenstayed even if Galleria hadn't have been there? I don't know. Butnit's ok...prom is in a couple of weeks. Maybe I'll get lucky then. ------------- The next two weeks passed by swiftly,nwith no sign of Chanel's blonde savior, and soon it was prom night.nAqua was at Chanel's apartment and they were helping each other getnready. Adam was due to pick the up in a few minutes. \"You look gorgeous!\" Chanelntold Aqua, who was wearing a sleeveless, light blue dress that camenjust below her knees with matching blue heels. I hair hung looselynaround her shoulders. \"You don't look so bad yourself!\"nAqua said. Chanel was wearing a soft purple, sleeveless dress thatnwas slightly longer than Aqua's, with matching light purple heels.nHer hair was in it's natural wavy state and was put up into a ponyntail. There was a knock on the door. \"Ready to break a few hearts?\"nChanel joked. Aqua laughed. \"Girl...I have no intention ofnbreaking his heart!\" Chanel laughed. The girls grabbed theirnpurses, linked arms, and went to answer the door. \"When Adam saw the girls, he wasncompletely speechless, his mouth slightly agape. Aqua was having thensame problem. He was wearing black slacks with a black silk dressnshirt and a fairly new pair of skate shoes. His bleach blonde hair,nwhich usually had a stripe of color in it, was completely devoid ofnany strange color and was combed over, covering his left eye. \"Wow,\" he and Aqua whisperednin unison. Chanel rolled her eyes. \"Ok, you two. There will be plentynof time for that when we get to the prom!\" she said, letting gonof Aqua's arm and starting towards the elevator. Adam, being thengentlemen he was, held his arm out, allowing Aqua to loop hers aroundnit. Adam and Aqua tried their best toninclude Chanel in their conversations, but she wouldn't cooperate.nShe just sat in the back of Adam's yellow jeep liberty, staring outnthe window with her arms crossed over her chest. Chanel sat at the table alone allnnight. Adam and Aqua were constantly on the dance floor. Chanelnsighed. I should just leave. ------------- \"So...what's wrong with Chanel?\"nAdam asked curiously as he and Aqua danced. She sighed and told himnthe story of what happened two years ago. \"I guess she was kind of hopingnshe could eventually be here with Dorinda,\" Aqua said,nsurprising herself. It was the first time she had spoken Dorinda'snname in two years. \"They would have made a cute couple ifnGalleria hadn't screwed everything up.\" \"If Dorinda comes back...do younthink Chanel could find it in her heart to forgive her for leaving?\" \"I hope so,\" Aqua said,nlooking over to her lonesome friend. \"God I hope so.\" ------------- Chanel sighed. This was not workingnout. She was lonely and right now she loathed Aqua for convincing hernto come. She would have been quite content to stay home, in bed, withna bag of chocolate chip cookies, a tub of ice cream, the remote, andna sappy romantic movie. She decided to call a cab and go home. Shenwas about to ride from her seat when she heard a female voice behindnher. \"Chanel...would you like tondance?\" Chanel didn't turn around. \"Sorry, but I'm not in the dancingnmood,\" she rolled her eyes when she felt a hand on her shoulder. \"Maybe I could change your mind?\"nChanel turned, fully intent on chewing this girl out. What she sawntook her breath away. She sat there, eyes wide and mouth agape,nstaring at a beautiful blonde girl dressed in a red sleeveless dress. \"Dorinda?\" she asked. Hernmouth had suddenly gone dry. The girl smiled. \"Wanna dance? Please?\"nDorinda said, holding out her hand. Chanel stared at it for a minutenbefore taking it and letting Dorinda lead her onto the dance floor.nDorinda placed her hands on the shorter girl's waist. Chanel, notnreally knowing what to do with her hands, finally settled on placingnthem on Dorinda's shoulders. \"So...\" Chanel begannawkwardly as they swayed to the music. \"How long have you beennhome?\" \"Three weeks. I'm surprised younhaven't seen me.\" \"You're the new kind in my Englishnclass aren't you?\" Dorinda nodded. \"Didn't you hear Mr. Moore say mynname?\" \"No...I sort of spaced out,\"nChanel said, embarrassed. Dorinda laughed. \"Oh yeah...Inrecall an 'Errr...noun?'\" Dorinda teased, smiling. Chanelnoffered a weak smile. Chanel decided to ask the question that hadnpressed it's way into her mind. \"Why are you here?\" Dorindanlooked hurt. \"Do you not want me here?\" \"Yes...I do. I just want to knownwhy you're back. The way your mom talked that job offer was a sweetndeal.\" \"Well...it started to get verynboring. I taught one class a dance. The next class would come in andnI'd have to teach them the same dance. Then, those classesn'graduated' and, when the new class came in, I'd have to start allnover. LA was great and all but...the teaching...it just wasn't fornme. Ms. Bennett told me that there would always be a place for menthere, in case I changed my mind later,\" Dorinda explained.n\"And...I missed you.\" she shrugged helplessly. Chanel'sneyes started to tear up. \"I missed you too, Doe,\" shensaid. She wrapped her arms around Dorinda's neck and pressed herncheek to her shoulder. Dorinda placed her hands on the small ofnChanel's back, pulling her as close as possible. She looked over atnAqua and Adam. Aqua had tears in her eyes and Adam was smiling. Aquansmiled and waved. Dorinda offered her own smile and waved back. Thenslow song they were dancing to ended as the DJ put on 'Home' by ChrisnDaughtry. Dorinda leaned down and sang softly in Chanel's ear. I'm going home, to the place where Inbelong, and where your love has always been enough for me. I'm notnrunning from...no I think you got me all wrong. I don't regret thisnlife I chose for me. But these places and these faces are gettingnold...So I'm going home,\" Chanel smiled to herself. She'd missednDorinda's singing. \"Chanel...I love you too.\" Chanel lookednup. \"Really?\" she askednincredulously. Dorinda nodded. Tears streamed down Chanel's face.nDorinda reached up and brushed them away with her thumb. She leanedndown slightly and Chanel leaned up, closing the distance betweennthem. The kiss was sweet...soft and gentle. It wasn't exactly hownChanel had dreamed it would be. It's better. When they pullednaway, Chanel kept her eyes closed as she bit her bottom lip. You don't know how long I've wanted tondo that,\" Dorinda said. Chanel opened her eyes and saw thatnDorinda's face was beet red. She smiled meekly. \"I knew you'd come home,\"nChanel said seriously. \"I waited for you.\" \"I had always planned on comingnhome. I had absolutely no intention of staying in LA forever. Notnwithout coming back for you. I didn't exactly leave on the bestnterms,\" Dorinda said. \"We all know who's to blame fornthat,\" Chanel said bitterly. \"The blame goes half and half,nChanel. Sure, Galleria pushed me away...but ultimately it was totallynmy decision to leave.\" The rest of the night was spent dancingnand catching up. \"I'm tired,\" Chanel saidnreluctantly, stifling a yawn. She pulled out her cell phone to checknthe time. \"Wow. It's midnight.\" \"Want me to take you home?\"nChanel nodded. \"First let me go tell Aqua thatnI'm leaving,\" she said. She rose from her chair and walked tonwhere Aqua and Adam were sitting. \"Hey girl!\" she called. \"Chanel! Oh my God! Is she anyndifferent?\" Aqua asked, jumping up from her seat. Chanel shooknher head smiling. \"Hey...I told you she'd come home.\" \"Yeah, you did. We're going tonhead on out, ok?\" she hugged Aqua and waved to Adam. \"Good luck,\" Aqua whisperednto her. Chanel nodded her thanks. \"Bye guys!\" she turned andnpractically skipped back to where Dorinda was standing. Dorinda wavednto Aqua one last time before taking Chanel's hand and heading towardsnthe door. On the way out, they were stopped by Galleria. \"Dorinda?\" the girl asked,ndisbelievingly. \"Hey...Galleria,\" Dorindansaid, suddenly feeling rather uncomfortable. \"Um...I just wanted to say thatnI'm sorry. I am so, so sorry about what happened. I never meant tonpush you away.\" \"Galleria...it's ok. I forgivenyou,\" Dorinda said. She stepped up and gave Galleria a one armednhug, as that was all she felt comfortable with at the moment. \"Chanel...can you ever forgivenme?\" Galleria asked as she and Dorinda pulled out of their hug. \"I'll try,\" she said. Shendidn't hug Galleria, and all three parties were aware of the reason.nThey gave Galleria one last smile and then they were out the door.nThey hailed a cab and headed back to Chanel's apartment. By the time they got there, Chanel hadnfallen asleep on Dorinda's shoulder. When the cab driver stopped,nDorinda paid him and lifted Chanel effortlessly our of the car. Shencarried the smaller girl to the elevator and to her apartment wherenshe twisted the door knob and realized that it was locked. \"Chanel? Come on, sweetie wakenup,\" Chanel's eyes fluttered open and she looked up at Dorinda.nAt that moment, she was hit with the overwhelming scent ofnstrawberries. She opened her eyes all the way and cocked her head tonthe side. \"What's wrong?\" Dorinda asked, setting Chanel onnher feet. \"Nothing...it's nothing,\"nChanel said, digging in her purse for her key. Don't jump tonconclusions! \"Mom?\" Chanel called once they wereninside. Receiving no answer she went to the kitchen where her momnusually left her notes on the refrigerator. She saw a pink slip ofnpaper hanging there. After reading it, she turned to find Dorindanlooking around the room. \"Well...mom is spending a few days withnher new boyfriend, Luc.\" Dorinda nodded. \"This place looks exactly like itndid the day I left,\" she said softly. \"I had a great timentonight,\" she said, looking at Chanel. \"So did I. Will...will you staynwith me tonight? Please?\" Chanel asked shyly. \" I don't have any clothes here.\" \"So borrow some of mine,\"nChanel offered. Dorinda smiled and nodded. She grabbed the phone toncall Mrs. Boscoe. While Dorinda was on the phone, Chanelnwalked to the bedroom to get ready for bed. Dorinda came in a fewnminutes later, saying that Mrs. Boscoe said it was perfectly alrightnfor her to stay. \"Doe...can I ask you something?\"nChanel asked. \"Sure.\" \"Come here for a second,\"nChanel said. Dorinda looked confused, but she walked over to Chanelnnone-the-less. Chanel grabbed Dorinda's shoulders and pressed hernface into her chest, inhaling deeply, taking in the powerfulnstrawberry scent. When she pulled away, she was chewing her bottomnlip. \"What's wrong?\" Dorinda askednconcerned. \"Are you...the person that savednme in the alley two weeks ago?\" Chanel asked. Dorinda lookedndown at the floor and nodded. \"I was on my way to see you. Inpassed the alley and I heard someone screaming for help. I walkedncloser and I saw that it was you, so I picked up the nearest heavynobject and whacked the guy over the head with it. I call the cops andntold them where the guy was laying and what he'd done. Then I pickednyou up and brought you home.\" \"Did you knock on my door the nextnday and leave?\" \"Yeah...I was gonna stay. But Inheard you telling Galleria to leave. I didn't exactly feel likenseeing her, so I left,\" Dorinda said quietly. Chanel stepped upnto her. Dorinda cringed, fearing Chanel was going to strike her.nInstead, Chanel put her hand under Dorinda's chin and lifted her headnup. \"Thank you,\" she whisperednsoftly. \"For saving me. I don't know what I would have done ifnnot for you.\" She cupped Dorinda's face and stood on tip toe tonlightly kiss her. Dorinda smiled at her. Chanel turned and strippednoff her dress and shoes, discarding them in a pile on the floor. Shenslipped into bed in nothing but her bra and boy shorts. \"Coming?\" she asked whennDorinda did nothing but stand there. Dorinda nodded and also strippedndown to her underwear. She climbed into bed on Chanel's left side.nThe smaller girl turned and draped her right arm across Dorinda'snstomach and rested her head on her chest. Dorinda's right hand wentninto Chanel's hair and the left one went to her hip. \"Goodnight,nDoe. I love you.\" \"Love you too, Chuchie.\" ------------- When Chanel awoke the next morning, shenreached to her left, expecting to find a warm body there. When shenfound nothing but cold sheets, she sat up abruptly and looked aroundnfrantically, fearing that last night was all some horrible dream. Shensmelled bacon cooking in the kitchen. Mom can't cook. She stepped out of bed and put on anpair of volleyball shorts and a cami and went to the kitchen. Therenat the stove stood Dorinda, clad in a pair of basketball shorts and ancami. She sighed with relief and walked to stand beside the girl. \"Hey you,\" she said. Dorindanturned to her and smiled. \"Morning. Hungry?\" she asked.nChanel nodded. Dorinda finished the cooking and they sat and ate innsilence. \"Wanna watch a movie?\" Chanelnasked as they did the dishes. \"Sure. You go pick it out and I'llnfinish up here,\" Dorinda said smiling. By the time she finished,nChanel had picked the movie put and popped it into the DVD player.n\"What are we watching?\" \"X-Men 2!\" Chanel saidnproudly. Dorinda gave her an 'are-you-serious?' look. Chanel gave hernthe goofiest grin she could manage and nodded. They were halfway into the movie andnwere both pretty bored, so Chanel decided to make conversation. \"So...about last night...\"nshe said, pausing to see Dorinda's reaction. When the girl looked atnher she continued. \"Does it make us a couple? Are we together?\" \"Do you want to be a couple?\"nDorinda asked. Chanel nodded slightly. \"Yes...but...if you don't want it,nit's totally cool,\" she said, looking down at her hands sadly.nShe was slightly startled when she felt Dorinda's hand on her arm.nShe looked up, willing the tears not to form. \"Chanel...I totally want that,\"nChanel couldn't believe what she was hearing. \"Seriously?\" \"Chanel Simmons...will you be myngirlfriend?\" Dorinda asked. Chanel responded by throwing her legnover Dorinda to straddle her lap. She placed her hands on either sidenof Dorinda's neck. \"Yes, Dorinda Thomas. I will benyour girlfriend!\" she said, kissing Dorinda deeply. At thatnmoment, Dorinda knew that this was exactly where she needed to be. The End ------------- A/N: Ok. This story is finished! I'mnkinda sad about it though. I like this story. I realize that thisnchapter was a little long, but I didn't feel like it would be rightnto split it in half. And I know it was a bit rushed, but I'm no goodnat fluff. So tell me what you think! I welcomenyour opinions with open arms :-) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. Rating: I have no idea...I guess I'llnsay T to be safe. Couples: Chanel "},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"evolution","Author":"wild wolf free17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5073316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : phantasm Disclaimer : not my characters; just for fun. Warnings : spoilers for film Pairings : none stated Rating : PG Wordcount : 100 Point of view : third He snuck out of town in the fervor after the attack on Axel and Sarah. The attack, Tommy? Warden purred. You know better. \"No!\" Tom denied, glaring into the bathroom mirror. \"It wasn't me!\" Warden chuckled and Tom flinched. You killed all those people, Tommy. Just admit it. You'll feel better. \"No, no, no,\" Tom muttered, resting his forehead on the mirror, rubbing his temples. \"I—I—\" Tom , Warden said. It's fine now. Honest. I'll be good . He sighed in pleasure and Tom looked in the mirror. That fucking mask stared back. For awhile . Tom resignedly closed his eyes[Chapter 2] Title : what remains Disclaimer : not my characters; just for fun. Warnings : spoilers for film Pairings : none stated Rating : PG Wordcount : 410 Point of view : third He doesn't stop running until he hits Oregon. He isn't sure if he's Tom or Warden or someone else entirely, and his hand shakes as he downs the rest of his pills in one go. A bit late for that, don't you think, boyo? Warden asks. \"Shut up,\" Tom replies, eyes squeezed tightly shut, resting his head on the steering wheel. \"You're not real.\" I'm as real as you, the ten-year-dead killer says. Realer, if you wanna get technical. \"What the fuck does that even mean?\" And Tom should really stop pandering to the psychopath in his head. It means you were never more alive than when I killed those people with your hands , Tommy-boy, and you know it. Tom shudders. \"No,\" he whispers, knuckles going white around the wheel. He raises his head to look at the small church he's found in this flyspeck of a town. Gonna confess our sins? Warden scoffs . That'll get us right back in the hospital, or jail. No way we won't get the max sentence. You wanna die? Tom just repeats, \"Shut up,\" and climbs out of the stolen jeep, slamming the door. He stalks his way through the empty parking lot and then pauses outside the sanctuary, fortifying himself with a deep breath. If you tell anyone , Warden says gently, I'll kill them . His hand on the simple wooden door, Tom freezes. No , Warden continues. We'll kill them . Tom takes another deep breath, then a third. \"What do you want?\" he whispers, so far past tired he can barely think straight. Just a little mayhem, now and again. That's not too much to ask, is it? Closing his eyes, Tom fights hard to keep down vomit. \"Your mayhem kills people,\" he hisses, backing away from the door. He trips on the curb and falls to his knees, hands coming up to cradle his head. Tell me honestly, Tommy, that you didn't enjoy it, and I'll let you talk to a priest. Tom opens his mouth to say, of course he didn't enjoy it, but the words stick in his throat. He closes his eyes in self-disgust and then slowly stands, trudges back to the jeep. \"Forgive me, Father,\" he whispers, sliding the key into the ignition. \"I have sinned. I killed some people, and tried to kill some more.\" He glances into the rearview; Warden gazes impassively back, from behind that damned mask. And I know I'll kill again , Warden finishes.[Chapter 3] Title : not a daydream Fandom : My Bloody Valentine/Devour Disclaimer : not my characters Warnings : spoilers for both movies Pairings : none Rating : PG Wordcount : 225 Point of view : third Prompt : MBV/Devour, Tom/Jake, kindred spirits At first, Jake thinks it's just another twist of his waking nightmares. Another facet of his madness. He's almost sure he made Marisol up, that he killed all those people—Mom, Connie—out of some twisted monster inside him. And then he starts seeing Tom, and Harry, and bodies and blood. Tom looks just like him. Tom's just as messed up as him. Gotta be another fabrication. Then the mirror starts talking to him. Telling him to stop taking the pills. To start hiding knives. Jake's been a good patient for over half a decade. Hasn't killed anyone since his parents, since Marisol. He created Marisol, to kill all those people. That's what the doctors say. But he's been a good boy. No one's watching him anymore. He's such a good boy. But now Tom is in his mirror—no, Harry is in the mirror, and Harry says to do horrible things. Once, Jake could've gone anywhere, done anything. And now that he's quit taking the pills, all he sees are targets. In the mirror, Tom whimpers for him to stop. But Harry, Harry demands he keep going. When Jake hesitates, Harry pulls him into the mirror and shoves him out of the way, and Marisol laughs while Harry kicks down the door. \"I'm sorry,\" Tom says. Jake just waits to wake up. ","Summary":" Title : phantasm Disclaimer : not my characters; just for fun. Warnings : spoilers for film Pairing"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"After Harmony","Author":"winchesterbitch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5600534","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Harmony A/N: This is an A/U Story of what may or may not have happened To Tom Hanniger after his escape from the mines in My Bloody Valentine 3d. He's over his obsession of Sarah Palmer-Formerly Mercer and has a life of his own. -Flashback 2009- Tom Hanniger slowly and painfully made his way out of the mines in the clothes he'd stolen from one of the rescue workers. There was no way in hell he was going to prison or back to a mental institution, Tom Hanniger wasn't crazy, it was this town. It had been why he left Harmony to begin with, well it had been part of it. He was blamed for Harry Warden's wrong doings and the initial mine collapse, yeah so he forgot to bleed the lines, but he didn't kill those men, not back then and Harmony drove him to kill the others, but at least for now the storm is over, Harry Warden was quieted down, for now at least. Tom fled to a nearby mountain town to get fixed up. Using the name Jeff Teague...It was official Thomas Bryan Hanniger was dead, long life Jeffrey Tristan Teague. Tom/Jeff had spent weeks in the hospital recovering from his 'car accident' but once out he got a job in the local bar, he liked this place, he really liked the blonde who often sat at the end of the bar drinking water or gingerale, she never drank booze, but she could sit and would sit for house just talking to the man named Jeff that looked like he could be a movie star. Her name was Kara Damian, she was 21 years old and she adored the new man in town, it didn't matter to her that Jeff was almost 9 years older than her, he didn't seem to mind either. He was trying to builf up the courage to ask the girl out, however the last person he'd actually dated had been sarah and he wasn't 18 anymore. It took him almost a month to gain the courage to ask the girl out, he'd been shocked to say the least when Kara had said yes. So when it came time for the date to go down though extremely nervous he pulled out all the stops. He took her into the city and took her to a play remembering that she'd said that she liked the theatre, ofcourse there was also the expensive dinner and after it all they just walked around. She was amazed at the money he shelled out considering he was a bartender and didn't make much. He explained to her that he'd inherited some money from his father and didn't have to work, he just chose to. See after Tom Hanniger \"died\" a mysterious 'cousin' showed up and had paperwork to prove it. The \"cousin\" sold off the mine, to hell with Harmony. Jeff still chuckled at how the town had claimed the mine had been its 'lifeblood' and yet the town still thrived. Anyway back to the date...Tom/Jeff hadn't really been trying to get Kara into bed when he took her out, but that's exactly what happened. 9 month after that first date they welcomed their first son Kingston. And one year after that they had twins Kale and Kora. Shortly after the births of the twins Jeff and Kara got Married. -End Flashback-[Chapter 2] 16 years later... Jeff and Kara has split up when the kids were small, it had been amicable, hell they were still sleeping together off and on. But Kara had realised that she couldn't be a wife and mother, sure she visited the kids but they lived with Jeff and they were happy with him. Kingston,Kora and Kale had mostly stuck to themselves since they started school at Harmony High, their father tried everything to keep them from having to go into the town he hated, but there had been no choice, there was nothing he could do, he also hadn't been impressed that within the first couple of weeks of school his babygirl had a boyfriend, his name was Travis Palmer, Fucking Palmer the younger son of Sarah and Axel, he could feel Harry Warden starting to rumble to life again inside his head. The rumbles stopped as he saw his kids coming to the car. Jeff smiled slightly as the kids filed into the car, Kale and Kora took their spots in the backseat, while a scowling pissed off Kingston got in the front, Tom/Jeff stayed silent until they'd started out of town. \" What's wrong King?\" The boy shook his head to brush the question off, but Kora piped up \" Laura dumped him today. He caught her with another guy\" Kingston Glared and turned in his seat \" Shut Up Kor!\" Tom/Jeff put his hand on Kingston's shoulder \" Easy son. Kora you know better than to tell your brother's business\" Kingston turned back in his seat and stayed quiet for almost the whole rest of the way home, but Kora started babbling about school at that Fucking Palmer kid, she stopped a minute then smiled at her father \" Daddy...\" he glanced at her in the rearview mirror \" Princess\" Kora still wore that cute smiled that always made him give her whatever she wanted. \" There's a party at the old Hanniger Mine this weekend...Travis wants me to go with him...\" Tom/Jeff shook his head \" no..way..in..hell\" Kora pouted slightly \" But daddy! King's going!\" Jeff shook his head \" No he's not. Its Dangerous you're not going\" Kora pouted while Kingston stared at his father, it wasn't very often that Jeff said 'no' to them. \" Jeez Dad. Relax its not like Harry Warden or Tom Hanniger can get us. They're both dead. Besides...\" Tom/Jeff shook his head and just got quiet until they reached home.[Chapter 3] Later That Night.... Tom/Jeff sat in the livingroom with a beer and his old Harmony High yearbook, he knew eventually his past would come back to haunt him. He hadn't heard Kingston come into the room due to staring at a picture of himself and Sarah senior year all lovey dovey, he'd gotten over her years ago but his memories were still very much intact, he jumped as Kingston looked over to him and spoke. \" You really don't want Kor and I to go to that party...I assume you have a good reason, I mean you always do.\" Tom/Jeff nodded and sighed, how could he tell his babies that he was one of Harmony's worst nightmares? He frowned and sighed then handed Kingston the yearbook. \" Tom Hanniger is the reason you can't go\" Kingston looked at the picture and then to him and back again. \" You're Tom Hanniger? That's why people look at Me and Kale funny, cos we look like you?\" Tom Nodded. \" King...What happened was a long time ago...I was sick\" Kingston nodded not entirely sure if he believed it, but this was his dad, his dad was freakin' harmless or so he thought. \" You hurt people though dad\" Tom sighed and ran a hand through his now long hair \" I know King. Its not something I'm proud of\" Kingston frowned seeing that just this conversation seemed to be hurting his dad. \" They wanted to hurt you right? That's why you did it right?\" Tom smiled and nodded slightly \" Yeah son, they did.\" Kingston gave a slight nod \" Then...I understand why you did it.\" Tom smiled again, he could hear Harry in his head rattling in his cage to get out. \" C'mon Kid, let me out before one of those bastards hurts one of the kids\" Tom held his head trying to push Harry back into the depths of his mind, Kingston frowned and moved to his father's side. \" Dad? Dad! Are you alright?\" Tom looked at him but he seemed different, his voice was cold now, it kind of scared Kingston. \" Oh...We're ok kid. Go to bed\" Kingston frowned perking an eyebrow \" You're not my dad...who are you?\" Tom/Harry smiled \" I'm Harry Warden Kid, I keep Tom Safe\" The boy stared at him, noticably disturbed by what was happening. \" You have to let dad out, please! Kora and Kale can't see you when they wake up\" Tom/Harry looked at the boy puzzled really \" Why aren't you afraid of me boy?\" Kingston shrugged \" You've been part of my dad all my life...you've never tried to hurt us at all, so Why should I be afraid? Are you planning to hurt me or my brother and sister?\" Tom/Harry shook his head \" No. That would destroy Tom and in turned destroy me. I protect him nd you kids. It would be stupid to harm any of you. However he's right, you shouldn't go to that party. And that Palmer kid can't be trusted. Noone in Harmony can be trusted. If they find out Tom's alive they'll take you kids from him. So keep it quiet.\" Kingston nodded \" Dude, I'm so not about to brag to the townsfolk that Tom Hanniger outsmarted them.\" Tom/Harry nodded \" Alright, go to bed. Your dad will be back when you get up in the morning.\" [THE NEXT MORNING] Tom/Jeff woke up late with a splitting headache, he groaned and reached for his meds popping a couple pills without water and then dragged himself out of bed to feed the kids. Kora was arguing with Kingston about that damned party again. Clearly Kingston had explained things to his siblings, since as soon as Tom/Jeff walked into the room, Kora looked at him with a look of Confusion but them smiled and walked over to him hugging him tight. \" I don't think any different about you. You're my daddy and I love you. I Still want to go to the party though\" Tom/Jeff sighed \" Fine. But you stick by Kingston.\" Lookin to his eldest he smiled slightly \" Take care of your sister at this party. And call when you're ready to leave\" Kingston nodded \" yeah ofcourse Dad.\" Tom/Jeff looked over to Kale who had yet to say anything at all to him. \" You alright Kale?\" The boy nodded \" Yeah..its just alot to take in. But I know you're nothing like the stories. You're still my dad and nothing will change that\" Tom/Jeff/Harry was filled with pride that day, he had three great kids and none of them judged him for who the bastards of Harmony made him out to be. They knew who he really was despite what he'd done in the past. ","Summary":" After Harmony A/N: This is an A/U Story of what may or may not have happened To Tom Hanniger after "},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Beneath the Mountains","Author":"meilimingzi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11202857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, everyone! This is my second story in this fandom, and it has been floating my mind for a long time. Whenever I see the movie, I always think what if? Well...this is my answer to that what if. Please review! I need feedback! The road is rough and worn from the train station to the old house. The mountains rise up in the background like a looming barrier between where she is and where she came from. Christine is quiet beside her. This is her first time to see her great grandparents, Anna's grandparents. Anna's grandparents are nearing their late 80's and need to be taken care of, but her uncles are both too busy and have families of their own. Anna, who has been layed off from her job following the hospital going through economic hardship. So she and Christine decided to go and lice with her grandparents and help them all she can. Helen, her mother, was not at all happy about the arrangement. Nothing was more frightening to Helen than her daughter moving thousands of miles away with almost no Russian language skill to speak of. But Christine had thought it was a great opportunity and Anna secretly always wanted to see her fathers homeland for herself. As Anna looked over at Christine, she felt no fear for Christine. Christine was 10 and would learn the language and be her old, socialite self again in no time. Anna on the other hand was worried for herself. It was at moments like these, when she had nothing else to occupy her mind and her ears heard Russian everywhere like the buzzing of bees nearly. completely incoherent. It was moments like these when she would think about him. Wasn't he from this region? She vaguely remembered him saying his family lived in the shadow of the mountains in Yekaterinburg. Or maybe not. She didn't know whether she hoped he did or didn't. She remembered his voice and his hand as it brushed against hers in that fast food restaurant. She remembered what her uncle said about him, about how he was nice and very kind and urged her uncle to think leave when he was ordered to kill him. Like he said, he was ordered to kill him, but instead gave him a first class ticket to Edinburgh. Her uncle had come with her. He was sitting on the other side of her, comfortably conversing for what Anna was sure was the first time in her life. What do you know, Stepan is charming if the other person speaks Russian, too. They were being driven by a taxi driver from the train station to an old house in the country where her grandparents had always lived, even when her father was a boy. The house was somewhat decrepit and left to the decaying of age. Anna decided that would be the first order of business. Once everyone had settled down, Anna made the decision that the house was sorely lacking food supplies. So she and Christine walked to the local market outside the city, about a five miles. As Anna stood picking out the vegetables that would be necessary for dinner and breakfast the next morning, she noticed and older man staring at her. Her stared at her with a strange look on his face as trying to determine if he knew her or not. He looked hauntingly familiar. Almost startlingly so. The man had slicked back hair that must have at one time been dark. It was now silver with dark strands running through it. His features were sharp, and angular but it was his fingers that were the most frightening. There were distinct tattoos on his hands, the same tattoos he had all those years ago. Anna quickly bought the food and hurried away with Christine, never losing the feeling that the man was still staring with that strange look on his face. Please review! And if anyone has any ideas I would love to hear them, because quite frankly I think I know where I want this story to go, but there are a lot of holes I am going to have to work through. So if you like it and have ideas, tell me about them and I will see if I can weave them into the story. Thanks! ","Summary":" Hello, everyone! This is my second story in this fandom, and it has been floating my mind for a lon"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Kill Your Darlings","Author":"shortcurlytop99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8015304","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Anna poked curiously at her greasy paddy and bun, wondering what kind of person with any sort of culinary experience might find this sanitary never mind appetizing. She was sitting at one of the many cheap, plastic booths that crowded around the grimy rectangular window that looked out on to the rainy street. Helen was still at the counter, probably still locked in a heated argument with the pimpled cashier, and Anna took a giant slurp of her root beer; the only edible thing at the table. She didn't usually like root beer (it was too sweet for her liking) but she felt like she needed the energy boost—a recent cat fight with a fostering agency had left her tired and not very hopeful for Christine. The baby was almost a month old now and the government was getting suspicious of her prolonged stay at the hospital as were, Anna admitted ruefully, her supervisors. However, Anna greeted any sort of suggestion at removing the long-dead mother's child with protective fierceness; they just didn't understand. Letting Christine go into a world that seemed, now more than ever, wrought with evil was practically a death sentence. Even now, with Christine safely at the hospital, Anna felt antsy, as if not being by the child's side caused a nervous tick right near her heart. Another anxious gulp at the tooth-splitting soft drink, another glance out at the stormy elements that ailed the sky and the unfortunate pedestrians who walked below it; with a loud huff, Anna looked up in time to see her mother finally turn up with her tray wielded like a weapon against all ill-tempered customer services. Her expression was not forthcoming. \"Bloody idiots,\" Helen grumbled darkly, plopping down opposite Anna and ripping away the wrappings that swathed her pita with swift, angry movements, \"It's a marvel none of them go into catatonic shocks whenever someone turns on an oven, they're that incompetent…\" \"Mmm,\" Anna murmured, not really listening. Two men in long coats were just approaching the restaurant with their heads bent against the wind and, even though their faces were bowed towards the sidewalk, Anna felt they looked somewhat familiar. \"I really shouldn't be eating this,\" Helen sighed as if the weight of every middle-aged woman's health concerns rode on her shoulders, \"It's chock full of calories and probably has enough salt in it to kill a horse. Anna, you're in the business, is this really okay for me to…\" \"It's a perfectly normal choice in food,\" Anna answered distractedly, tapping her fingernails against the Formica tabletop. The men were conferring with one another under the awning, just beyond the doubled doors, and a low knot was forming low in Anna's belly as she watched. \"You're not listening to me,\" Helen complained, sucking bitterly at her own cup of root beer, \"you know what I read in the papers yesterday, Anna? England's obesity rate is now rivaling America's. Can you believe it? I told Stepan that Jamie Oliver was right but you know how he is, stubborn as a mule…\" \"Mum!\" Anna ducked her head, heart in her throat. The men had passed close, too close, to their booth and Anna impatiently pulled her mother down to her level. Helen's eyes were wide. \"Anna! Are you mad?\" Helen whispered furiously, pouting at the hot sauce that had slipped out of her pita and on to her cashmere sweater, \"look what you did to my shirt.\" \"Mum, it's him!\" Anna peeked cautiously over her mother's shoulder at the leather-clad back of a certain silver-haired driver, \"Remember, the man we met at the diner the other day!\" \"Yes, Anna,\" Helen said grudgingly, \"I don't easily forget people your uncle spits at.\" \"Never mind that,\" Anna looked quickly down at the tabletop, hoping that Nicolai's brief glance over his shoulder hadn't touched her, \"he's here. Right now.\" \"Him?\" Helen craned her neck and frowned, \"who's the fellow beside him?\" Who was it? Anna managed the most fleeting look over the top of Helen's head while hoping that her tall root beer hid her face. Oh. Perfect. At that moment, Kirill had decided to open his mouth and address Nicolai with a half-smirk, eyes flashing in mirth. Anna's skin seemed to shiver from inside out. His sleaziness seemed to shine from his hair (now wet from the rain) down to the toes of his leather boots. \"So,\" Kirill sniffed, teeth peeking from behind stretched lips, \"what are you getting?\" \"Combo looks good,\" Nicolai replied softly, eyes scanning the menu above them. \"Shit food anyway,\" Kirill sucked at his two front teeth at some sort of impression of a whistle, \"not like papa's.\" \"Your papa is not in the fast food business; Russian food can't be good for you all the time, can it?\" \"Not for me,\" Kirill insists, bumping his friend's shoulder in a friendliness Anna though pretty disbelieving, \"raised on the shit, man; papa doesn't know how to cook nothing else, anal old man.\" \"Anna,\" Helen pulled at her sleeve, yanking Anna out of her daze. \"Stop eavesdropping!\" Anna wrenched her arm away and looked back in time to catch Nicolai's eye. Without expression, he nodded to her. Anna felt her own head bob back like the nerves had been snipped loose. Then he smiled. Oh crap. It wasn't the kind of smile that left her giddy, like the one he had given her when he drove her home; that little twitch at the corner of his mouth that grew gradually, like the opening petals of a blooming flower, until lightness washed all over his face. This smile left her cold, like kissing a lifeless lover. The hairs on her arms started to rise. Kirill, oblivious, was speaking rapid Russian at Nicolai as he ordered his meal. The girl at the cash register smartly spent as little time as possible in view of the two men and busied herself frequently with the preparation of other meals on the way down the line of waiting customers. With his tray resting between two large, tattooed hands, Anna watched as Nicolai navigated his way through the tables and booths, Kirill at his heels, before coming at stop in front of… \"Ah, what a surprise,\" Nicolai surveyed both of them through sparkling but unreadable eyes, \"Mother, daughter…but no uncle; let me guess, gone to spit in other Russian's face?\" \"What are you doing here?\" Anna demanded, her bewilderment quickly dissolving into unreasonable anger. Nicolai raised his eyebrows. \"Getting something to eat, of course.\" By this time, Kirill had joined them. His face was just as surprised as Anna's. \"Here?\" his mouth curled as if the words swelled in his mouth like soured milk, \"of all places in bloody restaurant and you chose here?\" \"Lovely to see you too, Kirill,\" Anna couldn't help voicing and in response received a narrowed eyed glare from Kirill and a kick in the shin from her mother. \"Free country,\" Nicolai announced firmly, planting himself beside Helen and meeting Anna's eyes with a small grin. Looking slightly stunned and slowly building toward fury, Kirill reluctantly dropped beside Anna, making her shift until her side was flush against the cold glass of the window. \"So,\" Nicolai broke the awkward silence that spun between them, \"how is little girl?\" \"What?\" Anna blinked, a little preoccupied with remaining a good distance from Kirill's still damp coat, and flushed under Nicolai's searching gaze. Helen was staring at her as if she'd just entered the Twilight Zone. \"Little girl? The one you named…Christine?\" \"You remembered,\" Anna remarked. Nicolai didn't smile. \"I always remember names; it's just the faces that confuse me. They all look the same after a while.\" Casting an amused look at Kirill's stiff expression and shoulders, Nicolai popped an almost blackened fry in his mouth, long fingers playing with the crispy sticks that stuck out of their carton like broken spokes on a bicycle wheel. \"Nobody from Tatiana's family has contacted us,\" Anna eventually offered, careful not to look at Kirill, \"And the foster agencies have been hounding the hospital…\" \"Foster care unfortunate place for children,\" Nicolai interrupted roughly, his sudden engrossment in his fries forgotten, \"though maybe not as bad as orphanage.\" \"Have you ever been in an orphanage?\" Kirill questioned dubiously after snagging a handful of Nicolai's fries, \"A Russian Orphanage?\" \"No,\" Nicolai replied evenly enough, \"though why everything with 'Russian' in front of it might try to be telling me something…\" \"A different way of life,\" Kirill explained and, giving Anna an indifferent glance, added, \"not that English would know anything of it.\" \"Kirill,\" Nicolai began patiently, \"don't be rude. Your papa teaches you no manners.\" \"Don't talk shit at me,\" Kirill warned lowly and Anna noticed Helen turn a more prominent shade of white, \"I'll teach you something about manners, patronizing little shit.\" \"Calm down,\" Nicolai returned in Russian, \"You've been drinking too much.\" \"Bullshit,\" Kirill said with a broken smile, \"it's my medicine, Nicolai: never can get enough of medicine, can you?\" Nicolai didn't look impressed. \"Ever heard of overdose?\" \"You ruin all my fun,\" Kirill pouted, switching to Ukrainian and losing Anna's line of understanding, \"You ruin your own fun too; you never go out, never cut loose, you didn't even like fucking my girls back at the house…\" \"Not now,\" Nicolai abruptly answered back in English, \"we must be considerate of Anna and her mother, Kirill.\" \"I know how you can be considerate,\" Helen shakily instructed, finally finding her voice, \"leaving us in peace, that's how.\" Nicolai cocked his head and stared at her for so long Helen lost the little color she'd regained and Anna felt her blood run icy in her veins. Finally, Nicolai nodded and slapped Kirill's hand away from his fries without taking his eyes off of Helen. \"I thought you said you weren't hungry.\" Nicolai quizzed him with a frown. Kirill looked wounded. \"I can't change my mind?\" \"You can't change his mind when you didn't bother to pay for the food your stealing. You forget your wallet too liberally.\" Nicolai admonished and gestured vaguely to his back, \"look at my shoulders and you will see the marks of a wandering hand.\" Nicolai had switched back to Ukrainian. Kirill smirked in admiration. \"You never told me that story.\" \"Later,\" Nicolai said in English. He frowned at Anna. \"But if Christine is not going to foster care,\" he questioned as if they'd been continuing a conversation, \"who is she going to stay with?\" \"The hospital, for now,\" Anna pushed her hair absently out of her eyes and traced the tabletop with her finger nail, \"but the awful truth of the matter is that Christine has nobody.\" Anna swallowed, refusing to let that lump rise in her throat but, of course, it managed to crack her voice because talking about this uncertain facet of Christine's already shaky future made Anna feel incredibly and unreasonably guilty. Nicolai, shockingly, looked sympathetic. \"Why not with you?\" \"Me?\" Anna shook her head with a lopsided smile, \"I'm afraid that's not possible.\" \"Legal trouble?\" \"Income,\" Anna blushed, \"I don't have enough to support a growing child.\" \"Ask for a raise,\" Kirill imputed through a mouthful of Nicolai's burger, apparently forgetting that Anna was Enemy Number One and should not be acknowledged in any way remotely friendly. \"He's right,\" Helen said softly. Anna made a face; having two mobsters and her mother agreeing with one another was a little too weird for her liking. \"It doesn't matter,\" she finished off the rest of her root beer and pinned Nicolai with an accusing glare and asked innocently, \"How does Semyon like Tatiana's diary, considering he swindled me out of our original deal?\" \"My father doesn't swindle,\" Kirill corrects after a sip from Nicolai's coke bottle, \"he makes deals fair and square. You must have heard him wrong.\" Anna crossed her arms, \"he said he'd give me Tatiana's family address in exchange for the diary. He didn't hold up his end of the bargain.\" Kirill tilted his chin and rolled his eyes in condescension, \"And let me guess: he got the driver to receive and deliver? Little advice?\" Kirill leaned forward and Anna reeled back until she felt her head smack against the window, \"if you want what you ask for, trade hands only with my father, never his working men. That's the only way you'll know he's sincere.\" \"This would have been wonderful to know a few weeks ago,\" Anna snapped and Nicolai coughed, sitting up and eyeing Kirill meaningfully. It was then that Anna noticed Kirill's hand tightened on the edge of the table top. \"We leave now.\" Nicolai met Anna's eyes. \" I come by hospital tomorrow with bike.\" \"My bike?\" \"You left it in the rain,\" \"I didn't know you bothered fixing it.\" \"I have passion for motorbikes. I told you, people in my village rode them all the time.\" Nicolai stood up and heaved Kirill up by the back of his jacket, \"We go.\" \"I'm going!\" Kirill exploded, staggering out of Nicolai's grip, \"you're so pushy!\" For once, a genuine smile crossed Nicolai's face. But the relief soon waned and left his face as sharp and hard as ever. \"Goodbye, Anna. Helen,\" The two men disappeared as quickly as they had appeared. Anna stared down at Nicolai's leftovers. Helen was slumped in her seat, lips still pale with fright. The whole exchange had been quite bizarre. \"My God,\" Helen said with a wave of her hand in front of her face, \"I thought that slick-haired devil would pull a damned knife on us for sure!\" \"Which one?\" \"Either one!\" Helen burst, upset coloring her tone, \"Jesus, Anna, are you blind? Why you even let them sit down in the first place is beyond me.\" \"I know him. He drove me home. He…\" \"Made Stepan spit in his face, he works for the vors y zakone. He's dangerous!\" Helen narrowed her eyes, \"And, Anna, for the love of Jehovah, you do not know him.\" \"Not every man with a Russian Accent and tattoos is a killer, mum.\" Anna hissed lowly. Helen shook her head. \"Honey,\" she said sadly, \"you don't need to be Freud to know how someone like him works,\" she jerked her head at the swinging double doors, \"that other fellow was right; it's a different lifestyle, a different world. And we don't belong there. And we never will. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Anna poked curiously at her greasy paddy and bun, wondering what kind of person with any "},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"A Foreign Sky Protected Me","Author":"lurknomoar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10375130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's notes: I wrote this story because I wanted to know if it was even theoretically possible for Kirill to have a happy ending, and I came up with witness protection as a possible solution. This story is not graphic, but there are references to some horrible things that feature in the source material, such as prostitution, human trafficking, murder and rape. Additional warning for alcoholism and some homophobic statements made by certain characters. The title is a reference to the Russian poet Anna Akhmatova, and her beautiful and terrifying Requiem: 'No foreign sky protected me / no stranger's wing shielded my face.' . . . In the Scottish Highlands there is a small seaside village where the people are tough, the rain is relentless and colourful fishing boats take to sea in the grey hour before dawn. Five years ago a stranger arrived to help out in the kitchen of the local inn. He said he came from Russia. He didn't say much else. At first people were wary of the newcomer, of his strange clipped accent, his razor-sharp face and prominent bones, his worn turtlenecks and his colourless buzz cut, his menacing quiet and his sudden unsettling laugh. He never did anything identifiably wrong, never even raised his voice, but people tended to feel ill at ease around him, unnerved by the way he kept glancing around rooms and startling at the sound of engines, as if he was constantly expecting something painful to happen. He was an outsider and he was strange, but nobody could deny he was good in the kitchen, that he worked 12-hour days without complaint, and weekends too, that he moved with a skittish, nervous sort of efficiency and responded to any praise with a baffled blank look his co-workers soon learned to interpret as surprise. When somebody asked him why he came over to the UK, he shook his head and only said 'can't go home, trouble with family', and considered the discussion closed. After a while people got used to him, and he got used to people. He still had the same suspicious, vigilant shake in his bones, but he stopped looking at people as if he couldn't decide if he wanted to punch them or to protect his own face. Sometimes he whistled strange lilting songs while he stirred the soup, and he added beetroot to shepherd's pie claiming that's what made it 'proper food'. For all his quietness he turned out to be decent company, listening when talked to, going along when invited, laughing along when everybody laughed. He was especially good with children, and for some reason they seemed to love him, clinging to him and asking him to say things in his funny accent, wheedling to be given leftover puddings. He was deferentially respectful for the rare tourist, and confidentially kind to patrons. He was stiltedly, awkwardly friendly to everyone, but every time he was offered a beer or a shot or anything alcoholic, he said 'nah', twisted his lips into a bitter lopsided smile, added 's the devil's drink', and could not be persuaded otherwise. He became a part of the village, and after two years, most people tended to forget he hadn't always lived there, that he hadn't always done the same routinely unusual things he was doing, like going for early morning runs on the beach around the time the fishing boats came in, regardless of the weather, always running as if he knew exactly what was chasing him. Or living alone in an almost unfurnished bedsit, and taking extra shifts at work just so he didn't have to go back there. He made good food and made no trouble. One early spring morning, in his third year in the village, the returning fishermen found him sitting slumped on the quay, shaking soaking wet in the salt-smelling rain, curled up around an almost-empty bottle of vodka and crying with helpless, keening sobs. The men tried to help him up, but he snarled and punched and bit, fighting like a cornered animal even though he was so drunk and weak he could hardly stand. He seemed to have forgotten English and he used his native tongue to dry heave curses at them and at himself and at the entirety of creation. He was a wretched painful sight to behold, and the fishermen could spare no time for a sad drunkard, especially so early in the morning. But the Murray brothers didn't want to leave him, since he was one of their own, after some fashion. He kept up his angry hiccupping sobs while they carried him to the spare room in the inn, and he wouldn't tell them what had happened, but when the rough square hands of Jack Murray pulled a blanket over him, he opened his eyes, and said, with remarkable clarity, 'I am sick because I can't go home'. Then he passed out. . . . Three years ago. The moment the kingdom you believed you ruled collapses into nothing, you are standing in the empty restaurant, early in the evening but already drunk, reeling at the words Kolya, your Kolya had just said. Kolya is the police, and the police is coming for your family, and he has been lying to you and he won't be lying to you anymore now that everything is over. You raise a half-hearted hand to hit the bastard, the traitor, but he blocks the blow far too easily. You fight, you spit, you call him the bitch of the police and the whore of the FSB, but he shows no anger in return. 'I had to stop it.' He says, unapologetically. 'The vor took you in!' you shout. 'We took you in! You owe us a debt so fucking large your death would be cheap to repay it!' 'I had to.' He repeats quietly. 'Because of the girls.' 'The girls?' you laugh. 'You tell me you went to the police because of those dirty bitches?' 'It's human trafficking and child prostitution.' He sounds tired. 'I don't give care about the smuggling, or even the hits. But you were selling teenage girls to be fucked by strangers.' 'So what?' you snap. 'Do you want that to happen to your nieces?' he asks, still eerily calm. 'Do you want to see some big Ukrainian man to come and throw little Marya on her back? How about Tanya? She's already fifteen, so she'd be older than most. Or the twins?' You can't answer, you just keep shaking your head. 'Or the baby, the little girl Semyon wanted you to drown.' He continues. 'Do you want her to be one of the bitches in the stable, hmm? Shot full of drugs and fucked ragged every night? Is that what you want?' 'So you had to do it.' You concede, just to stop him saying things that turn your stomach and fill your mind with confused terrified questions. 'So you had to turn on us. Why did you even tell me?' You know you sound more frightened than angry, and the weak little anger you feel cannot even reach him, it falls back on you instead to choke the breath from your lungs. 'Because you are the boss and you are my brother.' He says, as if he hadn't just betrayed the ones he calls kin. 'And if you know what's happening, you choose what happens next.' 'What choice do I have?' you snap. 'Would you corner me with your policemen, then tell me to fight them? Or to run from them?' 'If you run, we will find you, and if you fight, we will kill you.' To hear this from the man you relied on to always say the stable trustworthy truth, it hurts with a strange wild hurt. 'What is my choice then?' 'You can do nothing, the police will come, and you will go to prison. You can do something, work with us, tell the truth and help clean this up. Your word would help put away those who brought the girls over to the UK, and in return you'd get to walk away.' 'Away?' you laugh. 'Away from the vor?' 'Yes, even from them.' He says, and he sounds as solid and certain as always. 'You're eligible for witness protection. You testify, we send you to a clinic to get you sober, give you a new name, get your tattoos off, and nobody will ever know who you were.' 'I'd rather die.' You say, without thinking. Prison scares you more than you admit, but losing your name, losing your rank, losing everything you've ever wanted to be, that's even worse, that's unthinkable. 'Kirill.' He says, and he's using the voice he uses when he thinks you are stupid, you are not stupid enough not to notice that. 'Kirill, I don't think you want that.' 'Who gives a fuck what I want, you sold me out to the police!' you shout, furious and righteous. 'Why not shoot me yourself, why not throw me into the river?' 'Because I don't want you to die.' He forges on. 'I want you to go into witness protection. To get out.' 'Don't you fucking get it?' you tell him. 'Here, I am a vor, I am my father's son, I have stars over my heart. Without the stars, I'm nobody, so why do you think I would even want to walk away?' You mean it. Witness protection is for people whose options are either an ugly death or a beautiful normal life somewhere with gardens and dogs and children, things like that. There is nothing for you out there. You options seem to be resisting the police until they put a bullet in you, spending the next decade or more in shut in a prison where most inmates have good reasons to want to fuck you up, and living out a dreary empty existence somewhere in the middle of nowhere, forbidden even to pretend that you were once somebody, not the pathetic stumbling wreck you are now. The bullets sound best, without question. 'Why?' you demand again. He doesn't answer, but the corner of his mouth curls up in an amused, almost fond smile. He grabs you hard by the back of your neck and pulls you close, pulls you into him until his face is inches from yours and he smells like leather and sweat and you can feel how warm he is underneath his jacket and he is right there just right there in front of you and you break. You fall forward to kiss him on the lips with a graceless mindless ferocity. A few seconds pass, and despite the haze of alcohol and adrenaline they are the clearest, brightest seconds of your life so far. But he doesn't kiss you back, of course, of course he doesn't, and you pull away with an ugly wet sound. You don't dare to open your eyes, silently bracing yourself for the slap, the punch, the kick that always comes, bracing yourself for the humiliation that has always been inevitable for as long as you remember. After all, you have been afraid of being found out for as long as you remember, and you are only comforted by the thought of having to die soon anyway. But his hand on your cheek is as gentle and heavy as it always has been. 'Walk away, Kirill.' He repeats. 'You will do fine.' It's a no to the kiss, a no to staying with him, a no to the thousand things you don't want to want from him. But it's the first yes you've had in your life, a yes to you, a yes to who you could be, a yes to the things you could be allowed to want, a yes to maybe even having them someday, and nothing, not the police or the vor or your father or even your own common sense, nothing can stop the desperate overwhelming hope rising in you. You drop your head onto his shoulder, dizzy and defeated, and breathe 'Okay. Okay.' . . . Three years later. The next day he gets back to work, and people make a point of not mentioning what happened at the quay, what happens each time he has nothing to occupy him, when his hands shake and his lips twists and he starts hacking the empty chopping board with the breadknife. The only thing that changes is that now everybody knows well enough never to offer him a drink. He seems thankful for that, although he never says so. Some months later, he moves into the cottage of the youngest of the Murray brothers, and he does not sleep in the guest room. They don't announce that they are together, but they don't deny it either, they don't hold hands but their shoulders touch. Soon the entire village knows, and the rumours start up, then die down. Some of the older folks grumble a little, but most seem to think that poor old Jack deserves somebody nice to be around the house, especially since his wife died. There are worried murmurs about his eight-year-old daughter, and whether or not it is right to raise a child like that, but little Tessa herself does not seem bothered, she is glad to have a new uncle who cooks her chicken soup and braids her hair. People stop wondering why he can't go home to Russia and why he doesn't talk about his family, because they think they know, and they are almost right. The outsider may not always be happy, and he may not always be good, but he certainly isn't an outsider anymore. Everybody knows the man with the worn turtlenecks and the slowly smoothening accent, the lingering smell of baked potatoes and warm kitchens, the man with the too-wide smile and the too-deep eyes, the man with the bearded partner and the pigtailed daughter. They know him to be hard-working and decent and not much more broken than everybody else is. Nobody knows his name used to be Kirill, that he lived in a hard family of hitmen and whoremongers, that he walked amongst the thieves in law. Nobody knows, not even the fisherman he learnt to love with a fearful fond love, that when he lets himself stand still for a second and look out over the sea, he thinks of the man who sold him and saved him. He will never know where that man, that driver and brother and traitor went, if he is even still alive, but as the years pass he has less and less desire to find out. He has a man who is kind at his table and warm in his bed, he has a daughter who looks up at him without fear, he has friends who help him peel potatoes and mock him only in jest, he has a hundred people who smile and nod when they see him. He hurts nobody and nobody hurts him, and he used to want more than this, but that was back when he couldn't imagine that this was something he could ever have. He has gotten away and he is alive and that is enough. He kept only one thing from his old life. Years ago, at the turning point between his old and new lives, when the nameless nervous policewoman asked him to pick a new name to live by, it was a choice he didn't have to think about. He chose Nikolai. . . . THE END ","Summary":" Author's notes: I wrote this story because I wanted to know if it was even theoretically possible f"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Mr Vinyl No Longer Lives Here","Author":"lye tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7459235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. funeral lessons Yesterday, Semyon died in prison of a stroke. They dumped the body (passed to the family). Grievances, condolences, nothing et al. Today, Kirill assumed the throne. Bought himself a pack of Dunhills, bottle of bourbon (cracked wide open the bitch) and drowned himself in miserable oblivion. Life is a sadistic little fucker, He takes another swig. Nikolai nods, So it is. The ghosts. Everywhere. They won't leave me alone. I'm covered, swallowed, like I'm their fucking Christmas toy. I see him—my father. He's pissed now. Oh he's gonna really get me now. He's always wanted to burn me alive. . . . There is an art to polishing guns—one he can't bother with. It takes a gentle caress, a maniacal twist, and jammed, cinch goes in the barrel. There is a beauty to them, the silvered pistols, the ivory revolver. Nikolai tickles the trigger. It squirms in his fine grip, a silent wail rising from the deep chambers. It screams as he pulls. Pull, pull . The bullet escapes so easily, effortless, an ingénue blinded in her first dance. He swallows the vodka and scribbles her a letter. Women (unlike guns) require a pinch of threat. It's all good business. She'll understand . . . \"Fucking cold tonight.\" Yeah? \"I can't even fucking move. Bring the car around, will you?\" As you say . \"Nikolai! Nikolai! Did you hear what I fucking said? Goddamn, goddamnit ! You're useless, did you know that? Hurry up before we freeze.\" You'll be a corpse before dawn . \"What's that? What's that for, eh? I'm the boss. Can't you understand that? You report to me. What—why—I thought we were brothers, you fucking pederast.\" There's no real camaraderie in war. \"You gonna shoot me? Kill me? Do it. I fucking dare you, you bloody queer.\" Bang. Who's the bloody one now? . . . Every year, on her birthday, Christine would find a gift. A mysterious package, an ill-wrapped mess. She would ask her mother, curious, who the sender was. Each time, Anna would bite her lip and say: No one. Christine would scoff and shrug and leave in frustration, unable to inquire further. Like why her mother always had a glint of fear in her eye, why she would tremble and rattle like her bones had suddenly been seared. It is a mutual agreement between them. Christine will ask, and Anna will answer. But never would she say the name. It is tradition. . . . Anna thinks she's going crazy. She turns her head and catches a glimpse, a watery silhouette (the fading trail of a slippery man). She pauses to catch her breath, darting left and right. Up and down. He is nowhere to be found. Shaking her head, she continues walking, faster, in staccato steps. It's nothing, she tells herself. She is simply going mad. Safe, home, she lets out a buried breath. She kicks off her sandals and kisses her daughter. \"Mommy!\" Anna smoothes her hair, smiling. \"Yes, darling? What is it?\" \"There was someone here for you. He left you this— ","Summary":" 1. funeral lessons Yesterday, Semyon died in prison of a stroke. They dumped the body (passed to th"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Daddy","Author":"Chicago Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4082240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer; Not mine. AN; I have strange thoughts. \"Who is my daddy?\" The question had just come out of the blue one day, while she was driving her to school. Later, when she looked back on the incident, Anna would curse herself for being such an idiot. Of course she was going to ask. Christine was five now, just about the age when she would notice the distinct lack of a father in her life. Not even Stepan, he had died when the girl was two, too much vodka finally taking it's toll on the old man. Anna should have expected it, should have prepared for it, but when she heard those four little words coming out of her daughter's mouth she had almost crashed the car. Her hands shaking in shock, she only just managed to park. Anna turned round in her seat to look at her. Christine, beautiful, beautiful Christine, looked up at her with the big, brown doe eyes she had inherited from her mother. Her real mother. After as pause that seemed to contain years, she quietly told her that she'd tell her after school. With that settled, Anna got out of the car and walked her daughter through the gates into the playground. She spent most of the day sitting in the kitchen, devising and rehearsing various stories, plausibility becoming weaker with each one. Anna wished there had been a suitable boyfriend in the past that she could affix the title to, but there had only been one, Oliver, and he was black. End of story. Of course, some fictional one night stand would cover all eventualities- a stranger, a bar, too much alcohol, no names- but that just didn't feel right, and Anna knew a lie like that would drill into her until she was mad with guilt. Eventually she glanced up at the clock- half past two, school ended in an hour. Anna almost screamed in frustration. She couldn't tell Christine the truth, she just couldn't. She hadn't even told her she was adopted, and she didn't intend to, not ever, for fear that her daughter would repeat her own mistakes by trying to track down her family. But even if she had, what then? Tell her that her mother had been raped at fourteen? That she had been kept as a slave and injected with heroin? That she had died on an operating table, her legs soaked in blood? That her 'daddy' was a Russian mobster currently serving a life sentence? But then, Anna thought, there was always him . He had risked his life to save her, to save both of them. Anna remembered the last time she saw him. His face. The way his rough hands had gently cradled Christine's head as he whispered goodbye to her. She thought of the soft, quick kiss they had shared. Did you love him? Christine would ask that, for sure. Well? No, of course not, Anna told herself. But… She had asked him who he really was. Told him she needed to know. And she knew why. It was because she knew he was not all he appeared to be. It was because she knew, at that moment, if he had asked her to, she would have taken Christine and followed him back to wherever he called home. It because she loved him. This thought hit Anna like a stone in the stomach, and she realised why there had been no other boyfriends. Later, when Christine asked the question again, Anna told her about her father. ","Summary":" Disclaimer; Not mine. AN; I have strange thoughts. \"Who is my daddy?\" The question had just come "},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Dasvidania Goodbye","Author":"Pink Lady Alex","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5759194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything pertaining to Eastern Promises . All rights are reserved by the original owners. Author's Note: I've been tweaking this story for months (since October) and I'm so glad to be able to finally get it out there! This is my first oneshot! – short and sweet… ok not sweet at all. I must give credit to fellow fanfictioner Ella Rae writer of Eastern Promises: Nikolai since after I read her story I became obsessed with both Eastern Promises and Nikolai, and was inspired to write this story. My other inspiration came from a youtube fanvid titled Broken by Jalychan. This movie also has a haunting soundtrack, which really sets the mood. Nikolai is such an amazingly deep character – that last scene in the movie breaks my heart, and I wanted to attempt to convey his thoughts; hope that I portrayed him well. ________________________________ How long had it been since he last saw her? Six months? He always tried to deceive himself into thinking that he had forgotten, as though it didn't matter, but he couldn't forget. It made sense chronologically, because it was shortly before Semyon had been imprisoned for the rape of that poor girl… Things had happened so quickly after that. He now sat on the throne, the position that had been thought unattainable just a short year ago. Perhaps Yuri had been right in saying that he had been in the zone too long. He had become a part of the vory v zarkone, or maybe the vory v zarkone had become a part of him. It didn't make any difference though because he was no longer sure who he was anymore. The line of distinction had blurred long ago and was now all but erased. Even months ago when he sat with his handler on the hospital roof, Yuri knew that his agent was in too deep. It was too late, the stars were on – permanently etched into his chest and knees – and he was through the door. The deep slashes on his body confirmed it. And Yuri had asked whom he had killed. He could still recall how he felt when he got the first tattoos and how they disturbed him; an undeniable sign of what was to come. It used to bother him to look into mirrors. Though when he realized that the reflection was no longer his own he should have asked to have been taken off of this assignment. All he saw now was a flicker of Mikhail, his old self, staring back at him. That man was almost gone. Nikolai was supposed to have become a part of him, yet somewhere along the way he had become Nikolai Luzhin. What made him refuse to tell her, when he desperately wanted to reveal everything? Anna, who saw the qualities he was all but shorn of. She should have stayed away like he had told her to, but her strong sense of justice kept urging her to see the situation through. But really, was he any different? He could look into her eyes and always find her staring back through him, trusting him on instinct alone. Everything she wanted to know and everything he wanted to tell her, only a whisper away. It wasn't even about protecting himself – it was about protecting her. Being what he was and being with her could never exist side by side without disaster between them. Like so much else in his life he could not be with Anna part-way, it was completely or not at all. He would not even allow himself to use the word 'love' in connection with her, though it was untainted, unadorned love that motivated him to keep this aching secret. It was because of love that she would be safe from truly knowing who he was. Even if it meant never seeing her again. The beads kept going around in his hand, each snap pulling back memories of Anna and reminding him what he was giving up, and what he had already sacrificed. Sliding the beads across his palm, he could almost feel her soft hand under his fingertips. He remembered her wet hair as it hung over her face when she couldn't get her motorcycle to start that night. He saw the way she looked at him when she found him waiting outside of the hospital. He could almost hear her voice, nearly feel the soft caress of her lips. The worry beads fell silent. There wasn't anything he wouldn't give just to touch her one last time. But he didn't have anything left to give. Yuri already knew that he had only killed himself. Mikhail couldn't breathe; that pain in his chest under the cross cutting in deeper than those knives ever had. No amount of vodka could wash it away. Silently saying what he could scarcely dream of uttering, he prayed that somehow Anna would hear him and forgive him. His head lowered slightly and his eyes flickered as he struggled to compose himself. Placing the beads into his suit pocket, he straightened his posture and poured himself one last shot of vodka. He let the alcohol slide down in one swift movement and paused a moment to allow it to settle within. Neatly pressing his kerchief to his mouth, Nikolai stood and slowly walked into the depths of the Trans-Siberian, his figure dissolving into the dark. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything pertaining to Eastern Promises . All rights are reserved by the o"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Hopeful","Author":"Suki59","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4869757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hopeful I do not own these characters. She saw the car waiting for her as she exited the hospital after a long and exhausting shift. She felt a twinge of fear. They were obviously police of some sort but in an unmarked car and in plain clothes. She saw a flash of badge as they confirmed her identity and whisked her into the back seat. She instinctively knew not to ask questions, and she knew that this most likely had something to do with him. She hadn't seen him in almost a year now, but he was in her thoughts every day. She knew the trial was going on, and she scanned the paper every day searching for his name in the list of defendants. How could it be that he was omitted? Was he dead? She recognized many of the names as those she had become familiar with in the other trial—the one before she adopted Christine. That trial had put away Christine's natural father who was also the most dangerous man in the Russian mafia here in England. Nikolai had stepped seamlessly into those shoes. She was so torn just thinking of how she felt every time she remembered their kiss. How could she feel such things for a man that was clearly a monster? She should be terrified of him, but all she could think about was how much she wanted to see him again. Maybe these men would have some answers for her. So she kept silent in the back seat, her stomach in knots, waiting. Was she hoping? Yes, she was. The car stopped in front of an old hotel she vaguely knew. Her escorts walked her through the lobby to the elevator. She felt awkward in their silence but still sensed that she was in no trouble herself. On the eighth floor, she was led to a room at the end of the hall. There was a brief knock, and then a key was produced. She stepped inside the room alone, feeling the door close behind her. He stood from the sofa to greet her, his hand outstretched and a tentative smile on his face. She was overwhelmed at the physical response she felt when their eyes met. She knew her face flushed. She put her hand out and he took hers in both of his. It was not a handshake, but a warm connection. She had so many questions, but just wanted to take in this moment. She could hear her heart beating and she felt a little dizzy. \"Please sit down. Thank you for coming.\" His accent was as thick as she remembered. They sat at opposite ends of the sofa facing each other. \"How are you? Um…I don't even know what to say.\" She laughed nervously. \"I know. I'm sorry about all this. We don't have much time, so please just listen. My name is not Nikolai. It's Jake. Actually, it's Yakov, but I call myself Jake. For the past three years I have been working undercover, infiltrating the Russian mafia. I am an agent of the FSB.\" She sat back and exhaled. \"Oh.\" \"I am a witness in the trial that you have probably heard about. My testimony begins tomorrow. Hopefully, by this time next week, my work will be done and I will be on my way to a new life with a new identity. It's for my protection. So they can't find me. I'm taking a great risk telling you this, but I just didn't want to leave knowing that you believed me to be a bad man. I'm not perfect. But I am not what you thought I was.\" She felt her eyes fill with tears. This answered so many questions she had felt nagging in the back of her mind. The relief was overwhelming. And yet, she also felt a rush of panic that he was leaving. Going to a place where no one could reach him. That meant that she couldn't reach him either. \"Can I find you? I'm not ready for this. I have so much I want to say. I don't know where to start.\" \"I know this doesn't make much sense, but I was hoping that you felt something…something like I feel. I have stayed away to protect you, but I think of you all the time. If things had been different… I just had to see you.\" There was a knock on the door. A head popped in. \"Excuse me, but we need to get her out of here.\" \"Yes, just a moment. Thank you.\" Then he turned to her, taking her hand in his again. She felt his urgency. \"Can I contact you? You won't be able to reach me, but I'll figure something out.\" \"Yes. Yes, of course.\" She knew she only had a minute. She put her hand on his face. He leaned into it with a pained look and closed his eyes. It was then she knew that she would do anything to be with him. Her mind reeled with all the questions of details, wondering how this could work. But as she kissed him she knew that she loved him, and that somehow they would make this all make sense. And for the first time in a long time, she felt hopeful about her future. ","Summary":" Hopeful I do not own these characters. She saw the car waiting for her as she exited the hospital a"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Winter Wonder","Author":"Mardahin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5721545","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: First foray into this fandom, so be gentle (although con-crit and general comments are always welcome). Written as part of the 14Valentines Project over on LiveJournal. Today's Topic: Sexuality. By the time Christine was seven, she'd started to notice him. When she was eleven, she learned not to ask about him, because it made her babushka yell and her mother cry. When she was older, the questions started again in earnest, small pieces fitting together in previously inconceivable ways. By then, however, she knew enough to keep her thoughts to herself. When thinking back on it, really thinking about it, Christine can't remember a time when he wasn't there in some way. She doesn't know his name, not the whole thing. Doesn't know what he does or why he's there. But she knows his voice, and she knows his face. Older and wiser, she can look back and see his fingerprints upon her life, but for the most part the touch was so light that she missed it completely at the time. It's strange, more to her adult eyes than it was to her childhood self, how he stood just beside the shadows of memory - present, but never accounted for. It took years for her to notice him, longer still for her to realize that the familiar stranger wasn't quite the stranger her mother pretends him to be. ^__^__^ It wasn't any one particular event or meeting that made him stand out to Christine's eye. Nor was it any particular incident that made her mother's forcibly blind eye apparent. For years, Christine just assumed that he belonged to one of her classmates, the way that all adults at children's events must belong to someone; Katya's uncle, perhaps, or Sveta's. A number of her classmates were from Russian families like hers, so the accent she overheard when trying to find her mother in the crowd of parents was not at all out of place. The second year she danced, she saw him talking to one of the older ballerinas, and everything was as it should be - he did belong to someone, after all. That he kept attending recitals after Sonya stopped dancing was one of many details her young mind didn't see as important. That she noted his presence at all was a minor miracle, for they spoke not a dozen words in the first years of her memory. She was four when she began to dance, seven when Sonya stopped, but it was another four years before she became aware of the discrepancies. She noticed him, really noticed him, at her first football match. She was eleven, and had decided that she wanted to be a tomboy instead of a princess, which meant dancing was no longer an acceptable choice for her after-school lessons. She spent most of that first match on the bench, which gave her a lot of time to watch the crowd. Her mother and babushka were easy to find, and she waved every few minutes so that they knew she could see them. It was just into the second half that it happened, and if she'd been on the field she'd have missed it for sure. But being new to the sport had its advantages, and she saw her mother stand, carefully making her way down the stairs and brushing against a vaguely familiar man just a little to closely as she did so. The man waited a moment, and then followed; Christine could just see him catch up to her mother as they approached the entrance to the gymnasium when the coach pulled her from her observations and sent her out onto the field. She asked about it that evening, curious if he might be a friend of her mother's from work. Her mother denied meeting anyone, flustered and rough around the edges in a way Christine had seldom seen, and the topic closed as quickly as it had opened. Later that night, Christine woke to her babushka's angry words as they echoed up the stairway. It was not the last time she saw the man at her matches, or saw her mother step away to meet him, but it was the last time Christine mentioned it. A year later, her tomboy kick ended, at which point she begged and pleaded until her mother took her back to Mme Eltsina's and the ballet lessons resumed. She thought nothing else of it, being thirteen and (in reflection) just a bit of a self-centred brat, until she stumbled on the website for the dance studio and saw just how much the lessons cost. She spent weeks agonizing about the revelation, because she loved the dancing, but while her mother's job was good, it wasn't that good, and Christine was nothing if not good at sums. But the anticipated financial crisis never came, or if it did Christine managed to miss it entirely. Every once in a while she would catch a whisper of conversations between her mother and Mme. Eltsina, words like \"talent\" and \"couldn't possibly\" and \"old friend, no trouble.\" Words that lead to far more questions than answers. As with the stranger who wasn't a stranger, it only took Christine one incident to learn not to question her good fortune. When she told her babushka she wanted to start babysitting to help with the cost of the lessons, she was told not to worry herself about such matters. Later that night, her mother and babushka had one of their \"discussions\", the kind which involved yelling-without-yelling and a lot of heavy footsteps across the kitchen floor. The following morning, her mother was pale, tone carefully civil when speaking with babushka, but it was clear that whatever the problem had been raised was not settled. It was all Christine could do not to slam the door behind her in an effort to break the tension. Fights were rare in their house, and she hated being the cause even if she had no idea what she'd done wrong. After that, she stopped asking questions altogether, at least out loud. Even though she started noticing more things in her life that didn't quite make sense. Like the fact that she'd been attending one of the most prestigious public schools in the London area since the age of twelve, but there had never been mention of a scholarship, and if good ballet lessons were a stretch then tuition for an elite day school should have been unthinkable. She watched, noting the quiet phone calls that always preceded her birthday and the not-quite-stranger who followed her from year to year. At times, she wondered if her mother had a boyfriend that she didn't feel comfortable bringing home - God knew, her babushka certainly had strong opinions when it came to Christine's boyfriends, especially if they happened to have a Russian background - but any length of consideration always proved the idea ludicrous. Despite concerted efforts on Christine's part, her mother had always brushed off suggestions that she date with a sad smile, explaining that Christine was more than enough excitement for one lifetime. The answers to her questions came unexpectedly, a week after her A-Levels came. They'd gone out to celebrate the good news, Christine and her friend Sarah and their parents. Christine hadn't thought anything of the fact that her mother stepped away for a phone call; throughout her childhood, her mother had been getting called into work to cover a shift with minimal notice, it was just the way things worked. Except her mother didn't come back, not in five or even ten minutes. So Christine went after her, just to make sure everything was all right. Her mother was midway down the small side street beside the restaurant, talking to the man who wasn't a stranger. Christine bit her lip, standing near the street corner and debating whether or not to interrupt them. The decision was taken from her when a barely-familiar voice called attention to her presence. \"Has no one told you it is rude to stare?\" The accent was Russian, as she remembered it, if perhaps slightly lighter in its intensity. \"I, I'm sorry.\" Christine startled badly, realizing that he was talking to her, and stepped took a few steps toward them on the mostly deserted street. \"I was just looking for Mum.\" She fidgeted, crossing and uncrossing her arms. The man's stare was unnerving, and her mother's anxiety did nothing to ease her mind. \"Um, I can just go back inside. I didn't mean to interrupt anything.\" Her mother placed a hand on the stranger's shoulder, holding him in place as she shook her head gently. \"No, you don't need to go. It's all right.\" She took a deep breath, visibly steeling herself, though for what Christine couldn't imagine. The man reached up, and as he removed her mother's hand from his shoulder Christine saw the ink on his fingers and stumbled, because she'd heard enough from the girls at Mme. Eltsina's to understand what tattoos meant on a Russian man, and it was never good. \"I won't hurt you, child.\" Christine blushed, realizing that he'd caught her staring, and closed the remaining distance to the two adults. \"Who are you?\" \"He's your father, Christine. Or as close as you've ever had to one.\" Three little words, and everything seemed to shift around her. Things made sense, or at least more sense. Why her mother knew him, why he always seemed to be around. The tattoos explained the silence, the careful avoidance and her babushka's anger. Later, much later, she'd realize that she had started to slot him into memories he had no business occupying, as her childhood grew fuzzier with age. She'd remember the startled look on his face at her mother's description, and wonder at the purpose of their meeting that night. But mostly, she'd remember the way he kissed her forehead before sending her back into the restaurant, voice ragged but firm. She never did learn his name. ~ Finis ~ ","Summary":" Author's Note: First foray into this fandom, so be gentle (although con-crit and general comments a"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Eastern Promises: Secret Dreams","Author":"Strast-Liia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6901203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was never difficult to see that Kirill was conflicted - no, tortured - by his sexuality. I knew from the first moment I met him, so did everyone else. Not Semyon, though. He chose not to see it. He chose to ignore the way his son would come home in a drunken stupor, hanging off the shoulders of his male companions, hands exploring their bodies as he was escorted to his room for the night. Semyon often referred to his son as a \"disgrace to the family\", but referred only to his love of expensive vodka, not of expensive men. \"True Russians are in control of their behaviour. Perhaps this sort of belligerence would be tolerated by peasants in shared apartments in Moscow, but not by me. Not by other families. We are more dignified than this, Nikolai.\" I would nod my head and agree with the old man. I'm in no position to argue. I can't count how many nights I held Kirill in my arms, stroking his hair as he cried into my chest. \"He doesn't love me,\" he would say. \"He wishes I would die!\" Some nights, Kirill would even tell me that he, too, wished himself to die. Deep down, I was the same man as Kirill. \"You are safe with me, Kirill,\" I would tell him. \"I don't think you are a disgrace at all...\" Once, and only once, I let my feelings overpower me. Kirill was in tears, as usual, and his hands were all over me as I tried to calm him down. I am much stronger than Kirill, yet I let him force his body on top of mine, pushing his lips aggressively against my own. As much as I wanted for him to continue, I pushed him back. This facade was the only thing keeping me alive. \"Please, Nikolai,\" he pleaded, more desperation in his voice than I had heard before. \"I can trust you, Kolya. You're the only one I can trust!\" I don't know why this idea of trust felt so important to me, but when he tried again to kiss me, I didn't stop him. I admired the way he looked with no clothes on and was awestruck by how quickly his temperament had changed with the slightest amount of reassurance. I lost myself in his body, his arms, his mouth. I let myself enjoy every moment. While I attempted to redress myself, Kirill pulled me back down onto his bed, pulled me close to him with his arms wrapped around my chest. \"Just stay, please? For a little bit?\" I told him I would stay. I also told him that this would never happen again, and he understood. Then he whispered in my ear, \"I love you, Nikolai.\" I cringed - not because he said it, but because he called me by a name that is not my own. A/N: This is my first attempt in this fandom, and I haven't written anything aside from 10 page essays in a long time, so any constructive criticism would be great. Thanks, and I hope you enjoyed. ","Summary":" It was never difficult to see that Kirill was conflicted - no, tortured - by his sexuality. I knew "},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Crosses","Author":"tulipsandlace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6935007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Written on request for a friend who just wanted Nikolai and Kirill to get a happy ending – realistically, I think this, or similar, is the closest thing to a happy ending they're likely to get! The title is from the José Gonzales song Crosses , which, along with James Blake's The Wilhelm Scream, was the soundtrack to writing this! Warnings : Strong language, male/male relationship (although this isn't actually that much of a deviation from canon!) and excessive run-on sentences. ~ Three months later- i. Kirill is a fucking king, a god, the highest of the high. He drifts through his city, he fucking owns the streets of London, the whores and the money and all the alcohol said money can buy. He is intoxicated by his own good fortune, and the only crutch he needs now is the solemn figure at his right hand side. He is fearless and shameless and hopelessly lost; lucky then, that the lightning has his thunder. ii. And there are the times when he feels raw, peeled open, tattoos exposed and vulnerable. These are the bad times, the times when he searches the faces of those around him and wonders exactly what they think. He is scared. He sees his father everywhere. He hears rumours which do not exist any more, which cannot exist any more, which were wiped out by his ascension. And the secret eating away at his core is brought closer to the surface, baited like a fish by the alcohol which strips him. iii. Nikolai is unbearably gentle, excruciatingly tender. Kirill totters and falls; Nikolai will pick him up. Kirill swallows and splutters bile; Nikolai will dab, softly, at lips and brow and chest. Kirill hesitates; Nikolai will continue. Kirill knows that if he did ask, Nikolai would oblige. But Kirill doesn't want obligation, that isn't what he wants at all. And Kirill has no problem with expressing what he does not want. He does not want empty-eyed, pliant whores. He does not want his father's old violin, nor his rotten legacy. He does not want the bottom of an empty glass, the sinking feeling as the sun rises over the London skyline. What he does want, however - now that proves more difficult for Kirill. iv. For Nikolai too, the boundaries are blurring. He does not allow himself to question his motives for staying in London, when fortune and another identity lie prepared for him in Russia. He focuses on efficiency, and profit and margin, and expanding an already considerable contacts network. He does not allow himself to be distracted by Kirill. Kirill spirals into himself even as his empire grows; Nikolai knows he cannot stop this. When Kirill is drunk, when his touches are that little more lingering, his eyes that little more beseeching, Nikolai averts his eyes. When Kirill's subtle hints become overt – a gentle brush of a thumb over Nikolai's chin, an embrace which lasts just a second too long, a gaze which cannot tear itself from Nikolai's lips – Nikolai swallows, turns, walks away. And when he picks Kirill up from whichever bar he has found himself in that night, drives him home, silently, props him up, he wonders when this became more than a game of manipulation, more than a play for power and influence and empire. He is getting close – too close – far too close. v. Nikolai realises that one day, one day soon, he will have to make a choice. He will have to decide between the past and the present, between a life or law – and lies – or crime – and truth. He will have to choose which man he wants to be. He will have to choose between telling Kirill everything and maintaining the façade. He will have to choose between Nikolai – hard-faced, tattooed, cold – and Kolya – whispered, laughed, made alive. Confessing to Kirill would not threaten his position within the vory ;Kirill poses no threat to Nikolai, his grasping hands and sweaty palms and unspoken confessions betray his loyalty. Kirill would trust Nikolai even if Nikolai came crashing down around him – more accurately, Kirill would trust Kolya even if Nikolai came crashing down around him. Nikolai is not afraid of the vory , but he is afraid of himself, and he fears losing the only thing he has in this life. He postpones the decision, and refuses to look too deeply into himself. He was never a man of contemplation. He teeters on the brink. But the moment comes. Nikolai is propping Kirill upright on an armchair in the back room of the restaurant; it is night-time, the employers are home, and Kirill's breath smells of vodka and cigarettes. Kirill's eyes are glazed, wandering. Nikolai has one hand behind Kirill's head; the other is tilting a glass of water into Kirill's mouth. Kirill acquiesces, slumps back, swallows. Nikolai puts the glass down, looks back at Kirill, who is smirking. His hair is over his eyes. 'Hmm, Kolya…' Kirill trails off; Nikolai brushes the hair from his eyes – Kirill will be comfortable here, in the morning Nikolai can deal with the fall-out – and makes to turn away; Kirill's hand darts out, reaches for Nikolai's forearm – it all happens so quickly even Nikolai is caught off-guard. There is fear in Kirill's eyes, and something else. Something guarded, and angry, and vulnerable. For a second, Nikolai is struck by irrational fear: he knows, he has always known. 'Kolya…' Kirill mumbles. His eyes flicker down, just for a second, he probably doesn't even realise what he is betraying. And the choice is upon Nikolai, and he is suddenly struck by the weight of the futures opening before him. He could grin, widely, make some comment on Kirill getting an early night, sobering up before the big day tomorrow. He could gently slip from beneath Kirill's fingertips, cause no offence, of course – turn, and leave the room, and not look back at the crumpled figure in his father's armchair. Nikolai looks at Kirill, hard. Kirill's eyes are open, lucid – not quite pleading. His fingers are warm – heavy, insistent pressures, closed around Nikolai's arm, weighing him down. Nikolai realises, hopelessly that he made his choice a long time ago. He moves forward. ","Summary":" A/N : Written on request for a friend who just wanted Nikolai and Kirill to get a happy ending – re"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Fading","Author":"Cold Ember","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4137791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've decided to take a little trip into the wonderful world of Eastern Promises. This is what I thought might be going through Nikolai's head at the end of the movie. I don't own anything. Unbeta'd. Fading He's in far too deep to get out now. He could have, probably should have, taken the out that had been offered to him all those weeks ago on the roof of the hospital, but yet here he was. He hadn't taken the out because this was his job. This was who he was. His wife was dead. She had died years ago. Killed by a man that had wanted to make him suffer, to punish him for the swift justice that he had been instrumental in dealing out to the man's brother. He had killed him. And then he had accepted this mission. Because he had nothing left to lose. No one to miss him. No one to ask the questions that always got asked when someone simply disappeared. No one that cared what happened to him. Some days he wondered if maybe he was in too deep, some days he himself almost believed that he truly was a heartless Russian mobster. But that was only some days. All the other days were filled with disgust at the things these so called people did to each other. But still, he felt as though he was truly becoming the psychotic driver turned mob undertaker turned mob boss that he was playing. Felt as though the line between who he was and the part that he was playing was slowly fading away until one day it would be gone completely. As he sits there in the restaurant, flipping the beads over his fingers absently he hopes to god that he is not about to lose his soul to this farce. ","Summary":" I've decided to take a little trip into the wonderful world of Eastern Promises. This is what I tho"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Paper Delicacies","Author":"lye tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4045906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: For LiveJournal's 1sentence community. PaperrnDelicacies 1rn– Comfort Therernwas no comfort left for him, but he still had breath and thatrnjump-jolted frantically, grasping, inside his lungs. 2rn– Kiss Hernkissed her gentle and sweet, and left an aftertaste sharp, cold likernmetal. 3rn– Soft Annarnbrushed her hair religiously ever night, brushed away the feeling hernleft snaking through the threads. 4rn– Pain Painrncame just like everything else: At the most unexpected (andrnportentous) moment and left the person shuddering for a long-longrntime, barren. 5rn– Potatoes \"Likernpotato sacks,\" Anna said, \"Like she was an animal to bernbutchered.\" 6rn– Rain Rainrnfell, rain wept, rain swept up London and held it in her wateryrnlove—drops spilling precariously from her lap. 7rn– Chocolate Nikolairnnever sent chocolate; she would not approve (she'd be terrified). 8rn– Happiness Happinessrnwas just over the moon, can't reach, can't touch, best leave itrnwhere it was—just over the moon. 9rn– Telephone Thernphone rang, and Anna answered, and no one was there (odd, that wasrnhow most things were now). 10rn– Ears Danglingrnfrom her ears were two small diamonds, two miniatures of stars andrnstarlight dancing. 11rn– Name \"NikolairnLuzhin, please,\" the name plummeted through hell and out of herrnmouth. 12rn– Sensual Flowersrnbloom, and flowers bleed, and leave scarlet hues soaked throughrnsheets. 13rn– Death Kirill'srndeath felt like a savage slap, smarting across his face before thernfinal blow actually hit, and Anna sighed (thinking she understoodrnperfectly). 14rn– Sex Sexrnand lies were one and the same (so were women and whores). 15rn– Touch Shernhated his touch, inside-bolted when his hand reached for her cheekrn(felt like the world was slipping away, dank and black). 16rn– Weakness Therernwas a weakness in Nikolai's bones, and along she came driving thernneedle home. 17rn– Tears Cryingrndoes nothing, she had learned, if only the tears turned to bullets,rnthat would have done something . 18rn– Speed \"Arnneed for speed?\" she joked, and Nikolai never smiled (English humorrnwas very bizarre). 19rn– Wind Isrnwind, is gone, is riding along cloud nine—gone with the wind—orrnsomething like that. 20rn– Freedom WhenrnSemyon went to prison, Nikolai was liberated and was incarcerated andrnthis time, someone else held the key. 21rn– Life Liferngoes by when no one's watching, evaporated in a second withrnhungering hands and frozen feet shuffling behind. 22rn– Jealousy She'srnnot jealous, she told herself, it's natural (him and thatrnfourteen-year-old girl kissing). 23rn– Hands Handsrncame down to her neck like two large vises, clasped around her throatrnand whispered: I Love You. 24rn– Taste Thernflavor goes sour after the first night, and on the second, it'srnjust bland. 25rn– Devotion Devotionrnto family, devotion to The Family, he explained, there was a crucialrndifference. 26rn– Forever Foreverrndanced along in chains, bruised and matted, a prisoner's talernbecause forever fastened them together like two animals to bernslaughtered. 27rn– Blood Coldrnblood, sang-froid, was on her hands from the moment they met, andrnnow, she's responsible too—and now, she's going insane too. 28rn– Sickness InrnLondon, there are whores and queers, and a sickness half-loosernrestrained and cutting (jagged) fingers off. 29rn– Melody Russiansrnappreciate good music, and a sweeter melody cuts chasms into heart,rnand so, when Nikolai asked her to play something (eyeing the pianornexpectedly) Anna blushed and said, \"I'm only half Russian.\" 30rn– Star Arnstar is only bright when the sky is dim, otherwise, it's no star atrnall. 31rn– Home \"Homernis sacred,\" she said, \"If you say so,\" he said and left (herrnstanding alone). 32rn– Confusion Annarnwas never confused; Anna lived as a chameleon, shape-shifted andrnthrived and tucked understanding down. 33rn– Fear \"I'mrnafraid,\" she confessed, to which he replied, \"I know, isn'trnthat funny?\" 34rn– Lightning & Thunder Thunderrncame after because it was slower, Anna came first because she wasrnfaster, and Nikolai laughed—as was expected, and second. 35rn– Bonds Bondsrnshatter asunder and there's no repairing them whole, and so, theyrnparted and left no rue in the wake, left with good intentions andrnblank and erased. 36rn– Market \"Theyrnsell dead fingers in that market, souvenirs; would you like one?\"rnand she shuddered in the sultry heat. 37rn– Technology Technologyrnwas a curse, like their love, left to die and plucked offrn(ephemeral), left to wait for a better version coming. 38rn– Gift Theyrnwere a gift, her hair and head, for him and he cringed. 39rn– Smile Smilernfor the baby, smile for the world, bear up, face up, grin and laughrneverything off (even when infinity hurts). 40rn– Innocence Shernwas innocent once, or something like that; he was always not-innocentrntoo, and together (somehow) it worked. 41rn– Completion Sinernis to cosine, as old is to new, as her to him—and dead to alive. 42rn– Clouds Thernclouds gathered overhead, cast down shadows running finger-thin andrnbruised in black and bluish-gray, dusty and ashy, they looked up andrnfire rained down. 43rn– Sky Yourncan stretch your arms and hug the world, anyone can, she once said,rnbut only if you have nothing else to lose. 44rn– Heaven Heavenrnbleeds, heaven dies, Anna learns: There is no heaven after all, madernfake-take lies and rouge (like that on a prostitute). 45rn– Hell Hellrnwas real, and fun, and hell was being with him. 46rn– Sun Thernsun flared and quelled and flared again, and this time she could feelrnthe solar insurrection coming down to engulf and take her away. 47rn– Moon Moonrnand Selene are two names the same, too bad, Anna sat under themrnforever and more and never discovered what was so great (about him ). 48rn– Waves Magneticrnfields came in waves, attraction and repulsion, one after thernother—this, she knew all too well, this she experienced withrnNikolai's kisses tearing her skin. 49rn– Hair Strandsrnare falling, strands are burning, wispy and intangible like a child. 50rn– Supernova \"Irncan make you anything you like, any delicacy at all, like arnsupernova—that good\" (out of impossible, paper, empty, andrnnil, like her plus him divided by zero). ","Summary":" a/n: For LiveJournal's 1sentence community. PaperrnDelicacies 1rn– Comfort Therernwas no comfort le"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"You Must Measure Seven Times Before You Cut","Author":"Zagzagael","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5740348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He had agreed, acquiesced, bent, given in, and betrayed his mother. She was a whore. The words had left his lips; his tongue scarred by their passage through his mouth, his teeth should have broken with such an utterance. He nodded agreement, blasphemers, closed his eyes and his retinas burned with an image of her, weeping at the foot of his cross, so he slowly opened them again. He saw clearly now, it wasn't his mother he was delivering like Christ to the Romans, it was himself. The doctors had told him that he would feel a heaviness around his heart, inside his left lung. The two ribs broken there, jagged beneath his left arm. He felt the outline of a thin grinding pain with every inhale. Every exhale. But it was the wet and dark weight inside, beside the cage of bone that worried him. \"Broken ribs,\" he mused. His rib bones had been battered before and never had he felt pain like this despondency. On the street he watched a black motorcycle, black clad rider cocky as death, dart through the traffic and with a great inheaving of breath, he felt the sickled curve of a steel blade slide into the space between his ribs and his heart and he grimaced. He had been queued inside a Boots. Packet of cigarettes and lighter fluid on his mental checklist. Boxed holiday cards were being clearanced in a bin beside the checkstand and he glanced down. At first he didn't realize what it was he was looking at, he only felt as though he would have to put out a hand to steady himself, but then he saw what it was and he reached down to pick it up. A box of cards with a blonde Madonna swathed in dark blue holding the blonde child against the contour of her throat, staring out over the head of the babe, into the shadows, not seeing the unseeable future, not knowing the unknowable destiny. He himself looked up and away from the image, out the glass doors fronting the chemist, out into the grey streets of early January. Wishing his future was unknowable, unseeable, but seeing it clear and knowing it intimately. He paid for the smokes and bought the box of cards and forgot the butane. He inquired and requested and the Vory tattooist appeared one night, insubstantial as smoke, as solid as the sharp pain he brought with him. Nikolai ushered him into the walk-up, handed him the Christmas card Madonna with her child, and pulled his damp t-shirt over his head. They were seated at the kitchen table. The tattooist raised one eyebrow. \"You know this means...?\" \"Yes.\" He cut him off with one word and a curt nod. He turned away, raising his left arm, elbow crooked over his head, and indicated the space beneath the hair of his armpit, the place over his ribs that protected his heart. It burned reminiscent of the game of chicken, a lit cigarette held against the flesh. He nodded hisappreciation when it was over, tossing banknotes onto the table. She was hidden beneath his arm. \"Prison for life.\" He said this without feeling, running two fingertips over the gauze bandageand the tattooist nodded, watching him beneath heavy brows, packing away the gun and inks, tossing the latex gloves into a paper bag opened on the countertop, scooping the money up and folding it into a money clip he fished out of his trouser pocket. A 5 star hotel in Edinburgh. His mind had seized on this. He would take her there. Exiled from their own futures, banished from the possibilities of what might have been. He had told his Scotland Yard commissioner with no hesitation, do not waste these stars. Do not waste this, the door has opened. He had no way of knowing that day, those words, that cigarette, a covert hospital balcony meeting, that the next night would reveal to him that the opened door led, like Virgil leading Dante, down. The next night he knew and he heard the door clanging shut, forever forever, behind him. A new kind of prison cell. It was July now. Seven long months had passed since that time. London was unbearable. At turns too hot, then too humid, clammy, uncomfortable. He lay awake for hours in his single bed, the sun rising early, the sheer curtains in his room, a filter between him and the world. Something inside him still hurt with every breath he took. He booked the hotel from his cellular, outside a smoky club on a Tuesday night, standing on the kerb, smoking and sad. He hadn't known he was actually sad until he disconnected the call and felt hope, a bloodied, pocketedwrap itself around his heart. He walked briskly up to the brightly-painted front door, pressed the thick envelope, the letter, the train tickets, through the mail slot, heard it hit the tiled foyer floor, and turned away. He waited for her, in Scotland. Smoking. He could not have said one way or the other if he believed she would come. He only knew he iwanted/i. He wanted her to come to him. He wanted to love her. The only one he had ever betrayed was himself. ","Summary":" He had agreed, acquiesced, bent, given in, and betrayed his mother. She was a whore. The words had "},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Slit","Author":"lye tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4025943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Slit Thenblade was rusted, un-ideal—hanging from his hand dead and heavy.nDead weight made new. Nikolainlit up a cigarette (and allowed Kirill to take it away, snatched in anblink, the smoke still trailing). Shownsome respect for a dead man ,nthe barber said. Said it loud, clear, and worthless. Said seven wordsndipped in barely hushed-up venom and threat. His throat all tied upnwith dread. \"I'llnshow you some fucking respect,\" Kirill laughed and perched neatlynon the table, still drunk and inside-beaten. Andnoff came the fingers, one by one. Algid, stiff, a dead man'snburden. ","Summary":" Slit Thenblade was rusted, un-ideal—hanging from his hand dead and heavy.nDead weight made new. Nik"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Stars","Author":"Surreysmum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5704331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A reader prompted me with Nikolai/Kirill and the words \"ceremony\" and \"folly\". Here's what I came up with. Title: Stars Author: surreysmum Words: 263 Pairing: Nikolai/Kirill Rating: PG-13 Of course, Kirill was excluded from Nikolai's initiation into the vory v zakone . Semyon, and only Semyon, represented Semyon's empire during that ceremony - the ceremony that resembled nothing more than a cross between a job interview and a meat inspection. But that did not mean that Kirill was uninvolved. Oh no, Kirill stuck to Nikolai like glue before they began, hugging him tight round the shoulders, poking at the stiff, naked chest, and teasing him about the fine quality of his black silk boxers. And Kirill was there as they opened the doors afterwards, the first to learn from Nikolai's grave nod that the services of the tattooist would be required. Throughout the inking, in one of the red-velvet booths in the deserted restaurant, Kirill watched intently and impatiently, taking deep swigs from the vodka that Nikolai had abruptly declined. Nikolai feigned boredom, apparently unmoved either by the pain of needle over bone or Kirill's obtrusive presence. But he was not oblivious to either. Eventually the tattooist bowed slightly, gathered up his tools and left. Nikolai rotated his shoulders, straightened his abused knees cautiously and stood. His arm was immediately seized by Kirill. \"It's time, Kolya! Time to show me more of your queer perversions. Hurry! You promised, my Lightning!\"* Nikolai sighed imperceptibly. \"Yes, Thunder, yes I promised.\" Obviously it had been the greatest folly of his life to confide to this dangerously pitiable, half-lovable man that he slept willingly with both men and women. His aching new vor stars would be pressed to the bedroom carpet for most of the night. finis * In the original script, in passages that did not make it to the screen, Kirill and Nikolai tell Semyon that Nikolai is \"Lightning\" and Kirill is \"Thunder\", because Nikolai is dangerous and Kirill makes a lot of noise. In the climactic scene, Nikolai uses the affectionate nicknames to talk Kirill into surrendering the baby. ","Summary":" A reader prompted me with Nikolai/Kirill and the words \"ceremony\" and \"folly\". Here's what I ca"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Brethren","Author":"Raihu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3971239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He likes Kirill's cowardice. Some men are uninspired; most are so full of shit that the stink of it binds to their skin, trailing the smoke signals for rat and asshole a hundred feet into the putrid English sky wherever they go, and everyone knows: there's a real motherfucker. Kirill isn't really his own man, so it's hard for him to have any failings on such a grand scale. He is a stained glass window in the family monument; inflexible, coloured by all the history and presumed prestige that came before his time. He'll be the first thing to break if the climate turns hostile. And, in a long, slinking, stinking dynasty of monsters and creeps, he is one of the more valuable things to come along in generations. \"Got some fucking junk on your face,\" he mutters as they huddle in the threshold. There's a delicate hesitation, and then he swipes at Nikolai's cheek, the uncultured hand like a heavy paw - but Kirill is no feline. \"You come in here like that, it makes the business look bad. Freaks with makeup walk around the tables too much, and then.\" He squints, an ice-washed menace, utterly unimposing. \"Nobody wants to come back no more. How do you think Papa likes that?\" \"I think,\" Nikolai says, \"he doesn't like it at all. If you want, I can stand outside and make sure all the ladies in makeup stay out and don't bother him with their money.\" \"Prick,\" Kirill says fondly, and they scurry inside, away from the clever chill breathing through little cracks in the doorjamb. Inside, the light is slow and liquid, rolling over all the hard edges, pooling in the decanters and ashtrays like something half-living and easily worked between the fingers. Cigarette smoke marbles the ambiance, stabbed open by gestures and adamant voices. Kirill leads him upstairs. They lean discreetly on the dark balustrade and look down, drab, damp overseers of a radiant kingdom. \"Hungry?\" Kirill asks. \"No.\" \"Papa's the best, you know. And even if you don't want spicy horsefish with goddamn marachino cherries or whatever, I can make you something normal.\" \"I don't like food much.\" \"No one likes a skinny bitch.\" \"Maybe later, okay?\" Looking a little disappointed, Kirill nods. \"Smoke?\" Nikolai reaches over and plucks the whole pack out of Kirill's pocket; he's slow to react, even to notice. \"Yeah. Good idea.\" They linger there for the better part of an hour. Kirill tries to teach him to blow smoke rings, but he's never had much of a talent for things like that. He does, however, manage a wide, jagged net that lifts and expands and then seems to descend on the room with the grace of a great gray spider. Kirill shrugs. \"Pretty cool.\" On his say-so, they stay up there until all the best patrons have paid and left, their scraps left behind for the vulture-quick cleaning staff to scavenge. Women in bird-of-paradise gowns and coats cut from the soft flanks of foxes and minks disappear in a rush of expensive perfume. The men follow, uninspired and full of shit. The smoke clears, and Kirill says, \"I'm going to find Papa. We've got to talk about some stuff.\" \"Big shot.\" \"Yeah. After that, I'll make you something.\" \"Forget it,\" Nikolai says. He's grown restless, but doesn't like to show it. \"I told you, I don't need that. What did you want to talk about?\" \"Nothing.\" Kirill is reaching consciously for the sharp edge in his voice; it doesn't lend him as much authority as he seems to think. \"Not until I see Papa anyway. I talk to him, then we talk.\" \"Fine.\" \"But maybe I don't trust you alone in here. Maybe you should come downstairs.\" \"Fine.\" Kirill's laughter is startled and shrill. \"Yeah? You like it if I don't trust you?\" \"It doesn't matter to me.\" There's a strange lull. The slow, sliding light reveals itself as jewelry for the sinister shadows lurking beyond the tables, behind the bar. \"Fine,\" Kirill remarks tonelessly. \"Maybe you should help clean up some, too. Get all the cups, take them to the kitchen.\" The great gray spider has woven a spiteful web behind Kirill's back. It would be terribly easy to push him back, bind him up completely and feed on him at leisure; but that would be quite cruel and perhaps a little counter-productive. Nikolai restrains himself for the most part. Thinks it best only to test the waters. \"Anything else you want?\" Try, you poor little cunt. Ask for a fight. Ask to be friends. He asks nothing, only vomits up an atrocious smile from some place lonely and black; it's one of the most heartbreaking things Nikolai has ever seen. He smiles back and tries not to laugh. When the lights have been banked and all the amber dredges left in scattered goblets across the room have been drained into the sink like molten gold swirling away with a poisoned river, Kirill emerges from the back room and tells him to go and then takes the stairs one at a time, dragging the silken weight of wings and pride behind him in a tatter. The coward. The lost little lamb. In some ways, Nikolai considers himself a shepherd; he takes all the long-lashed ewes and arrogant, willful rams out to pasture and then he brings them home again. They never really feel as if they're being led, but he is the one who picks the safe paths and knows the dangers. He is the one who will fend off wolves and skin them for a bristling, savage pelt to wear. In other, far more tangible ways, he is only a driver who certainly isn't only a driver; and most of all, he is never one to overstay his welcome. With a bright image of the Trans-Siberian's ground floor layout in mind, Nikolai steps out to face the perpetual gloom of the city at night, closing the door behind him with careful courtesy. ","Summary":" He likes Kirill's cowardice. Some men are uninspired; most are so full of shit that the stink of it"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Eastern Promises: Nikolai","Author":"Ella Rae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4046190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He wanted her the first time he saw her. At first it was simple, flirt with a pretty girl, a normal girl, and if she accepted then he would see how far he could get. He wanted to know that he could still have a normal girl, not just the sad, beaten slaves that came through the business. He didn't actually expect her to say yes, and she didn't, and that was supposed to be the end of it. But then she came back. He liked the defiance in her eyes, even if it was mixed with mild disgust, and she was strong, strong and stubborn; he hoped that trait would not get her into trouble. When she struggled with her bike in the rain she tried all she could to ignore him, except to show him that she was perfectly capable of handling the situation alone and it made him want to laugh, almost. \"I thought you did birth?\" he asked and saw the ghost of a smile. \"Sometimes birth and death go together,\" she'd replied. She was wise and caring, too caring. If she wasn't careful that bleeding heart of hers was going to get her killed. And yet, that part of her made him want her more. Before he'd just wanted her in a passing way, but gradually, the more he saw of her the harder it was for him to suppress a deeper longing, a type of longing he had forbidden himself to ever feel. He was starting to save his most secret fantasies for her, the thoughts and dreams he kept locked away and would even deny existed if he had to. They weren't anything wild, just him and her in a clean bed, in a nondescript hotel room, in some unnamed city. Sometimes very late at night after an especially hard day he would picture a house in the country instead and a ring on her finger. It's foolish, but worth it in the cold dark. When he went for the diary he expected it to be the last time he would see her; he had prepared himself, made an effort to close himself off. Her \"bodyguards\" amused him greatly, especially the uncle, so he couldn't help but have a little fun with them. As she passed him the diary he lightly brushed his fingers over the back of her hand. He shouldn't have, but it was his last chance to touch her. No matter how small, it was worth it. He was confused by her request for the address and the anger she fired at him was unexpected, but he almost preferred it because for a moment those wide blue eyes did not look at him with disgust. She was lovely walking out of the hospital that morning as he sat waiting on her bike; the shoes were… cute. For a brief instant he imagined her looking up at him and smiling, but when she did see him that familiar contempt and disgust over took her sweet features and he ignored the pang of disappointment. \"How can you keep doing what you're doing?\" she'd asked. He was good at denying what his true self felt, but, not for the first time, he found himself wishing he could tell her the truth. When Kirill lunged for her he felt true fear for the first time in a very long while, even if only for a split second. Those long, clammy fingers wrapped around her neck repulsed and angered him. He threw his captain off of her wanting to do more than just separate them, he wanted fist and flesh to meet, but he held back remembering what was more important. When he opened his eyes in the hospital he really thought he was dead, why else would that particular angel be sitting there by his bed? When she asked about her uncle and he told her the truth, though he tried not to he felt a swelling of happiness when that look, The Look, left her eyes. There was no more disgust there, no more contempt, just relief and maybe even a smile. \"Where have you taken Christine! Tell me you bastard!\" she shouted at him, knocking him back into the wall and pulling at his stitches. \"What are you talking about?\" he asked her, grimacing at the pain. Her eyes grew wide when she realized that he did not know. His own realization hit hard, not only because that baby was his ticket deeper into the organization, but also because he knew what that baby was to her. He knew where Kirill would take her, but he didn't know if they would make it in time. Kirill stared at him like a little boy who's lost puppy had come home safe and sound. He was a weak man, thank God, because if he weren't then that baby would have been dead by now. He was weak and he was probably in love with Nikolai; that was part of how he had been able to use \"The Prince\" so easily. He cooed and sweet-talked to Kirill, gently coaxing the baby from his arms. Relief flooded through him as Anna took Christine, bending down to cover her little head with a cap to keep the cold at bay. Everything was going to be okay; everything was going to work out like he wanted it to. Well… almost everything. He turns to Anna reaching out to gently grasp her shoulders. \"You are okay?\" he asks. She looks at him with anxiety and confusion. \"I need to know who you are,\" she says. He sighs; he wishes he could tell her. He wishes so dearly for something he knows he cannot and should not have. Christine begins to fuss and he whispers to her, soothing her cries. \"Bless you Christine.\" He and Anna are so close now that he can smell the shampoo from her hair. He looks up into her eyes uncertainly and he makes a move, it's his last chance, his only chance. He leans in to kiss her and miraculously she kisses back. It's soft, simple, and fleeting. When he will look back on it in years to come, sometimes he'll wonder if their lips really ever met. He wants more, so much more, even if it were only for one night. Why couldn't God at least let him have that, one night with her and nothing to disturb them? But they can't. They just can't and he nuzzles her cheek with his forehead in tenderness and frustration. It's hard, so very hard, but he says goodbye and walks away, feeling her warmth recede further from him until it's just the cold wind at his back. Many months later he sits in a booth at the restaurant, completely still, but for the hand that flicks his beads over and over. He still fantasies about her; they are still nothing wild. He pictures her in a garden, wearing a simple, but pretty blue print dress, holding Christine in her arms and singing softly to her in Russian. Sometimes, very late at night, after an especially hard day he'll picture himself there beside her, a ring on his finger that matches one on hers. It's foolish, but worth it in the long dark. ","Summary":" He wanted her the first time he saw her. At first it was simple, flirt with a pretty girl, a normal"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"People Watching","Author":"chayar1991","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10771935","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sit in a booth at the Russian restaurant \"Alexei's\". I drink my mint tea and play witness to a scene. I hear the quick spoken Russian of the elderly couple. The pink in the woman's blouse matches the tulips that rest in a vase before her. Brusquely, a man clad in a black suit, with silver slicked back hair walks in. He orders a glass of wine and fish. Nothing unusual. He too seems very interested in the elderly couple, as his blue-grey eyes can be noticed secretly and intently watching them. It all seems a very common scene until you see the startled faces of the couple reflected in the windows. The two suddenly go from speaking loudly, to a near whisper as they murmur \"tatuirovki\" and \"vory.\" They nervously shift in the chairs, as if in physical pain almost. The man with the silver hair, blue-grey eyes, salmon filled mouth, and red wine stained lips seems to have noticed their fright. He gains this look of wicked satisfaction, and guilt that coats his face. He quickly finishes his meal, and wipes his face with the emerald colored napkin. It is not until he holds the door open when I notice his fingers that I see why the couple was so frightened. The black ink figures that mark his pale peach hands are no average tattoos, but signify the \"Vory V Zakone,\"one of the more well-known and feared gangs of Russia.[Chapter 2] Okay peoples, so originally chapter 1 of this, and my other piece \"Nikolai Meets Christine Again\" was all I had written for the pieces. It was actually assignments for a class I had, but...given the responses (AND if you didn't review PLEASE DO! They're like the air I breathe!) I have been thinking on writing a second chapter at least for \"Nikolai Meets Christine Again\" if not this as well, but I would like your ideas...what would you as the reader like to see? Anna and Nikolai seeing each other? What about more about Christine? Anything on Stupen or Anna's mother? What about Anna's life post the move to Edinburgh? Tell me your thoughts people. I'd love to read them. -Chaya ","Summary":" I sit in a booth at the Russian restaurant \"Alexei's\". I drink my mint tea and play witness to a "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Cheetah Girls 3","Author":"Bobby-Rogue-Kitty-Colossus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3185976","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternOne Dorindanand Joaquin were walking down the streets of Barcelona. They had justngot done shopping. Suddenly, out of no where, Joaquin pulled Dorindanover and kissed her. \"I'mnreally going to miss you when I go back home.\" She said. \"Inasked you to go shopping with me today, because I have some news. Inreally care about you and Senora Garibaldi told me that if I want tongo over to New York with you, that I could have the apartment abovenher store.\" Joaquin informed her. \"That'snwonderful.\" Dorinda said, jumping into his arms. \"There'sna catch.\" Joaquin said quietly. Dorindangot back on the ground. \"What's that?\" \"IfnI want to stay over there, with you, I have to become an UnitednStates citizen.\" He announced. \"Thenonly way you can do that would be to get married.\" She informednhim. \"Inknow.\" Joaquin got dropped to one knee, pulled a ring out of hisnpocket and asked, \"Will you marry me?\" \"What?\"nDorinda pulled back, shocked. \"You'reneighteen and I'm twenty. We're only two years apart. We're bothnold enough. I love you.\" Joaquin said. Dorindanturned around and ran all the way back to Luc's villa, leaving hernbags behind. Joaquinnjust looked as she ran. A hint of pain could be seen in his face. Hengot up, gathered all the bags of merchandise and made his way back tonhis apartment. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - Laternon at dinner, Dorinda told everyone what happened. Gallerianspit out the drink that she had just took a sip of. \"He did what?\" \"Yeah,njust out of the blue.\" Dorinda confirmed. \"Well,nI think it's sweet.\" Chanel said. \"Donyou love him?\" Luc asked, squeezing Juanita's, Chanel's mother,nhand. \"I'vennever loved another person the way that I love him.\" \"Let'snhope not.\" Aqua said, jokingly. \"Wenhave some much in common. We're a perfect match.\" Dorinda pointednout. \"Henloves you very much.\" Dorthea, Galleria's mother, said. \"Whatndo you think that I should do?\" Dorinda asked. Everyonenlooked at each other and then rose to leave. They knew the answer,nbut Dorinda needed to find out for herself. Chanelnand Dorinda were the only ones in the dining room, when Chanel turnednback and said, \"Follow your heart.\" -n- - - - - - - - - - Thennext day the doorbell rang. Dorinda made her way room to room,nlooking for someone to answer the door. She didn't feel likentalking to anyone today, after her encounter with Joaquin yesterday. 'I could've at least told him that I would think about it, butnno. I ran off instead.' She thought to herself. After realizingnthat she would have to answer the door, she did just that. \"Inbelieve you forgot these.\" Joaquin said, handing her bags to her. \"I'mnso sorry for my behavior yesterday.\" Dorinda apologized. \"It'snpartially my fault too.\" Joaquin said. \"I shouldn't have sprungnit on you like that.\" Dorindanpulled him close and gave him a hug. \"I would love to be CountessnTovar.\" \"Inhave no money, cars, houses or anything like that.\" Joaquin said,nwith a smile on his face. He knew that materialism wasn't Dorinda'snstyle. \"I'mnsure we can manage.\" Dorinda said, smiling back. She crushed hernlips against his. \"Sonwhen's the wedding?\" a voice asked. Dorinda and Joaquin brokenapart, startled. They looked around and saw that everyone was there,nsmiling at them. \"Wenhaven't decided yet.\" Joaquin said. \"We have to save thenmoney.\" \"Nonneed. I already have the dress made. I just need to fit it.\"nDorthea said. Dorthea Garibaldi was a fashion designer. \"AndnI plan to pay for the entire wedding. You need to be married beforenwe leave.\" Luc announced. \"Wengo home in three days!\" Dorinda exclaimed. \"I'venalready called a caterer, bakery, priest, and all of that.\" Juanitansaid. \"Butnyou did know that I would say yes.\" \"Wenhad a pretty good feeling.\" Aqua smiled. \"Sonwhen is the wedding, Senor Luc?\" Joaquin asked. Lucnheld up one hand. \"Two days.\" Dorindannudged Joaquin. \"In two days, we'll be stuck with me.\" Joaquinnnudged her back. \"I think I can live with that.\"[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo \"Move,nmove. Out of my way.\" Aqua burst through the throng of people. Whennshe reached her destination, she was out of breath. \"Here's yournsomething borrowed. She held up a tiara. Juanitanplaced it upon Dorinda's head. It fit right against her bun. \"Therenwe go. Something old, new, borrowed, and blue.\" \"You'renset.\" Galleria said. \"Incan't believe I'm doing this. I'd never thought a girl like mencould ever get a guy like that.\" Dorinda said. \"Patiencenis a virtue.\" Dorthea said. \"Well,napparently the groom has no patience, because it's time for us tonleave.\" Chanel informed them all. \"GoodnLuck, Do.\" Galleria said, calling Dorinda by her nickname. Dorindantook a deep breath and waited for the cue. 'There it is.' Shenthought to herself. She took her first step at her new life. Hernshoes shone in the light like disco balls. Herndress, which Dorthea made, had been the prettiest of all. It wasnbackless and had no sleeves at all. It tied around her neck and madenher size C breasts stand out. The tiara was Aqua's grandmothers. Itnwas handed down from generation to generation and Aqua had it shippednto Barcelona from New York. There was a blue sash that was tiednaround her waist. She looked like a princess and made Joaquin's jawndrop. 'Damn, she looks great.' Joaquin thought to himself.nEvery eye was on her. Whennshe got to the altar, she gave Joaquin her hand. Together they turnedntoward the priest. After a short nod, he cleared his throat andnbegan. \"Dearlynand beloved, we are gathered here today to unite Count Joaquin Tovarnand Dorinda Thomas in holy matrimony. Do you, Joaquin, take Dorindanto be your lawfully wedded wife, to love and cherish, to have and tonhold, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sicknessnand in health, till death do you part?\" \"Si.\"nJoaquin replied. \"Donyou, Dorinda, take Joaquin to be your lawfully wedded husband, tonlove and cherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, fornricher or for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do younpart?\" \"Si.\"nDorinda answered. \"Ifnthere is anyone here today that thinks these two should not be wed,nspeak now or forever hold your peace.\" Afterna short pause, he continued. \"By the powers invested in me, by thencountry of Spain, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kissnthe bride.\" Joaquinnpulled Dorinda close and kissed her. While he was doing that, thenpriest said, \"It gives me great honor to present for the very firstntime, Count and Countess Joaquin Tovar.\" Thenother Cheetah's started to cheer. They rushed up to them and gaventhem a hug. \"Don'tnbe up to late.\" Luc called out to them as they made their way tonthe limo. \"Our flight leaves early tomorrow.\" \"Wenwon't.\" They called. Joaquin opened the door and helped Dorindanin. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - Atntheir honeymoon suit, Joaquin carried Dorinda over the threshold. Joaquinnwent to the bathroom to take off his tuxedo. Dorinda slipped out ofnher dress and put a silk robe on. Joaquinncame out of the bathroom and sat on the bed. Dorinda came over andnsat down next to him. \"Inlove you.\" She said. \"Younhave made me a very happy man.\" Joaquin said. \"I don't thinknthis day could get any better.\" Dorindanstood up, facing him. \"I think I can make it better.\" She pullednthe rope on her robe and Joaquin's eyes got big. \"Arenyou sure?\" He asked. Dorindannodded and turned off the light.[Chapter 3] ChapternThree \"Arenyou ready, Cheetahs?\" Luc asked. \"Asnready as we'll ever be.\" They replied. Theynboarded the plane. Their destination was home. \"Aqua,nyou should sit with Chanel and me.\" Galleria said, picking threenseats. \"Hownare we going to do this?\" Juanita asked. \"What?\" \"Indon't like being next to the window, and I don't like being nextnto the aisle.\" Juanita informed them. \"Indon't like being next to the window.\" Dorthea stated. \"I'llntake the window, Juanita, you can be in the middle, and Dorthea, youncan have the aisle.\" Luc suggested. As the adults were gettingnsettled, Joaquin and Dorinda picked a seat and sat down. \"Howndo the think your foster mom will take you being married?\" He askednher. \"She'snhappy for me. When I told her I was a countess, she nearly fainted.\"nDorinda laughed. \"Hey,nguys.\" Dorthea called. Joaquinnand Dorinda looked up at her. \"Inhave an idea. Now that you're married, why don't you both moveninto the apartment above Toto's?\" \"Gracias,nSenora Garibaldi.\" Joaquin said. \"Yes,nthank you.\" Dorinda agreed. \"Hey,nDo. Let's see your wedding ring again.\" Aqua called. Dorindanheld up her left hand and the twelve diamonds in it sparkled likenspring water. Theynwere interrupted my Luc's cell phone. Juanitanlooked at him. \"Aren't those banned?\" \"No.nit's perfectly safe.\" He assured her. Behindnthe adults were Chanel, Aqua and Galleria. They were discussingnCheetah stuff. \"I've been thinking of new song ideas.\" Gallerianwas saying. \"Inknow what you mean. I can't wait to get started designing our newnoutfits.\" Aqua agreed. Backnup with the adults, Luc snapped his cell shut. \"That was Angel…\"nHe started. He glanced back at Galleria. When he mentioned the name,nher face lit up like the Fourth of July. \"…he, Marisol, Lola,nRandolph, and Aramet are planning a trip to New York, here soon.\" After competing in the Barcelona's new voices competition, and won,nLola apologized. \"That'sngreat.\" Chanel said. Dorindanlooked at Joaquin. She couldn't hold it any longer. She opened hernmouth and yawned. \"What'snthe matter? Stay up late?\" Aqua teased. \"No,njust tired.\" \"Mentoo.\" Joaquin agreed. Lookingnaround the group, you could tell everyone felt the same way. -n- - - - - - - - - - - Hoursnlater, the plane descended and prepared to land. After grabbing theirnluggage, they made their way to the lobby of the airport. Mrs.nBosco, Dorinda's foster mother, ran up to them. She threw her armsnaround Dorinda. Whennthey broke apart, Dorinda made the introductions. \"Mom, this isnJoaquin. Joaquin, meet mom.\" \"It'sna pleasure to finally meet you, Senora Bosco. Dorinda has told me anlot about you.\" Joaquin said. \"Samenhere.\" Mrs. Bosco replied. Justnthen, an airport security guard made his way over to the group. Henlooked at Joaquin and asked, \"How long are you planning on stayingnhere?\" \"Fornthe rest of my life why?\" Joaquin asked. \"Yournvisa says for three months.\" The guard answered. \"Oh,nhe married an American citizen.\" Juanita pointed to Dorinda. Dorindanfished out the marriage license. \"Here you go, sir.\" Thensecurity guard looked at it and handed it back. \"Okay, all I neednyou to do is to sign some papers.\" He handed Joaquin a clipboardnand showed him where to sign. Oncenthat was done, the group headed to the parking lot. \"Joaquin,nwhy don't you and Dorinda stay at our house tonight, if Mrs. Boscondoesn't care.\" Dorthea offered. \"That'snfine with me.\" Mrs. Bosco replied. \"Good.nYou can get the apartment set up tomorrow.\" Dorthea added. \"Gracias.\"nHe replied. \"DenNada.\" Dorthea smiled. She turned to her daughter. \"See, I didnlearn a few things in Spain.\" Galleriansmiled back. Then she turned to Joaquin. \"You haven't met mynfather. He's a blast.\" \"Firstnthings first. How about we get some lunch. My treat.\" Luc said. \"Okay.\"nThe cheetah's said, and then laughed.[Chapter 4] ChapternFour \"Onenmore time.\" Dorinda said. She and Joaquin were practicing fornJoaquin's dance competition in the fall. Joaquinnturned on the CD and grabbed Dorinda for their dance number. Hentwirled her, dipped her, and lifted her. Round and round they wentnuntil they hit the last move for their dance routine. Theyncame to a stop, gasping for breath. Joaquin looked down and smiled atnher. \"I think we have the first place spot in the bag.\" Henpressed his lips against hers. \"Inthink that I may have an idea that will make us win for sure.\"nDorinda informed him. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - Meanwhile,nover at the Manhattan Magnet auditorium, the rest of the cheetahsnwere performing a song that Galleria wrote for their performance onnthe first day at school. They were very popular and the drama slashntalent show teacher asked them to perform. \"Likenthis, guys.\" Galleria said, hitting a key on her keyboard. She sangna note. \"It's supposed to be high, like that.\" Aquantook a deep breath and sang the note. \"How's that?\" \"Perfect.\"nGalleria responded. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - Backnto the studio where Joaquin and Dorinda were rehearsing, Joaquin wasnlooking at Dorinda like he was seeing her for the first time. \"Indon't know, Do. It sounds dangerous.\" \"Trustnme. It will work and then we will win first place for sure.\"nDorinda assured him. \"Inreally don't know…\" Joaquin started. Dorindanlooked him straight in the eye. \"Trust me.\" Hencontinued his gaze for about a minute longer, and then he nodded.nDorinda was a fantastic dancer and choreographer. He loved andntrusted her. Even though his gut was telling him not to do it, henturned on the music anyway. \"Tellnme how it is again.\" \"Younthrow me up in the air, then you spin yourself, jump, and then catchnme.\" Joaquinnswallowed back the awful taste in his mouth. God, please let thisnwork. He thought to himself. Theynstarted the dance routine, twisting, twirling and shaking. Then itnwas time for the move. Joaquin spun Dorinda, got her in his arms, andnthrew her up in the air. Then, as quick as he could, he spun himself,nand jumped into the air. When he landed, he had his arms stretchednout to catch Dorinda, but she never came. She landed half a secondnbefore he did. She was lying sprawled out on the hardwood floor.nThere was trickle of blood, indicating that she had a gash somewhere. \"Noooo.\"nJoaquin cried, running over to her. He picked her limp body up andnbrushed away the blood matted hair away for her face. \"Dorinda,nwake up. Please wake up.\" He started crying. He gently laid hernback down and ran to a phone. He dialed nine-one-one, and gave themnall of the details. After hanging up, he called Chanel's cellnphone. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"Hello?\"nChanel answered. There was a short pause. \"Joaquin, you need tonslow down. What happened to Dorinda?\" Galleria and Aqua rushed overnat the mention of Dorinda. \"Okay, we're on our way.\" She hungnup and turned to the girls. \"Dorinda and Joaquin had a dancingnaccident. Dorinda was hurt real bad and she's being rushed to thenhospital.\" \"Whatnare we still doing here?\" Galleria asked. \"Chanel, call your momnand tell her the details and then tell her to call my mom.\" Fornonce, Chanel didn't mind Galleria being bossy. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - Atnthe hospital, Dorinda was hooked up to heart monitors, iv's oxygenntanks and the whole package. The next thing Joaquin knew, the rest ofnthe cheetahs bombarded him. \"Whatnhappened?\" \"Isnshe okay?\" \"Havenyou heard anything?\" \"Let'sngo to the waiting room, I'll tell you everything.\" And he did. Hentold them about Dorinda's idea, but he was against it right fromnthe start, but Dorinda insisted they try it. There were tearsndripping down his face when he finished. The others had tears inntheir eyes too, but coming from Joaquin looked like crystal tears. Justnthen, a nurse came in. everyone stood and looked at her with hope. \"Rightnnow, she's stable, but the doctor's not sure how long she has.\" TOnBE CONTINUED…[Chapter 5] ChapternFive Anweek has past and there has been no news on Dorinda. Joaquin spentnevery waking moment with her. The cheetahs each took turns trying tonshow up and comfort Joaquin. Itnwas Friday, and total of six days that Dorinda was in the hospital.nJoaquin was by her side, as usual. He was rubbing her hand, crying.n\"Can I tell you something?\" he asked. Not waiting for an answer,nhe continued. \"I fell in love with you when I first laid eyes onnyou. Even before I learned you were a dancer.\" He sobbed and took andeep breath. \"Inknow I didn't tell you this enough, but I love you.\" \"I'mnsure she knew that.\" Someone said behind him. He turned around andnthere stood Galleria. \"I just came by to see if there was anynchange and to see if you needed anything.\" \"I'mnfine, thank you.\" Joaquin replied. \"Whennwas the last time you ate?\" Galleria asked, coming closer. \"Indon't remember. Two days ago, maybe.\" \"Let'sngo. You need to eat. You'll do Dorinda no good, if you're weak.\"nShe grabbed his hand and pulled him up. \"Dorinda is like a sisternto all of us. We know how you feel.\" \"I'venhad many girlfriends; I've never felt right in a relationship untilnI met Dorinda. She's my other half. I don't know what I'd donwithout her.\" \"Well,neat first. They have your cell number if there is any change, good ornbad.\" Galleria assured him. Joaquinnlooked back. \"I love you, Dorinda.\" Held her hand for a moment,nand then left with Galleria. -n- - - - - - - - - - - Atnthe café across the street, Joaquin sat back and stared intonspace, his coffee and muffins getting cold. Galleriantried to think of something to talk about. She cleared her throat andnJoaquin looked at her. \"So, when's your dance competition?\" \"Indon't care about that. If Dorinda can't dance with me, then Inwon't dance at all.\" He downed his coffee and muffin. \"Thanknyou for this, but I really must get back. \"Angel,nMarisol, and Lola's plane arrives later today. Do you want to ridenalong to go get them?\" Galleria offered. \"No.nmy place is here.\" -n- - - - - - - - - - - - Laternon that night, about a quarter to eleven, Joaquin was fast asleep.nHis head was resting on Dorinda's stomach, his hand holding hers. Thennslowly, Dorinda's eyes opened. She looked around and saw that shenwas in the hospital. She didn't know that Joaquin was there untilnshe tried to sit up. She smiled at him and used her other hand tonshake him awake. \"Hmm.\"nJoaquin moaned. He thought a nurse was here to send him home. \"Timento wake up.\" Dorinda said. Afternhearing Dorinda's voice, Joaquin opened his eyes and sat up.n\"You're awake.\" \"Whatnhappened?\" Dorinda asked. Joaquin told her everything. The fall,nthe week in the hospital, and the tons and tons of flowers fromnfriends and classmates that heard about her accident. \"Younreally scared me.\" He told her. \"I'mnsorry. I was sure that it would work.\" Dorinda apologized. \"Injust wanted you to win.\" \"Thencompetition isn't important. You are.\" Joaquin told her. \"Promisenme something?\" \"What?\" \"Nextntime I have a bad gut feeling, please listen.\" \"Inwill.\" She gently put her hand against Joaquin's cheek. Hensmiled. Tearsnfilled her eyes. \"I'm glad to have you.\" \"No,nI'm glad to have you. I love you.\" \"Inlove you too.\" She responded. He gave her a hug and a kiss. \"Inhave to go tell the nurses and call the other cheetahs.\" He said. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Thennext day, Marisol, Angel, and Lola accompanied the others to thenhospital. \"I'mnglad you're okay.\" Lola said when they got there. \"Thanks.\"nDorinda said. \"Younreally have Joaquin to thank.\" Chanel said. Dorindanlooked over at Joaquin. He looked away, avoiding her eyes. \"Yeah.nHe wouldn't leave your side.\" Aqua agreed. \"Inhad to pull him away to eat the other yesterday.\" Galleria informednher. \"Younhave the perfect man.\" Dorthea added. \"Gracias,nSenora Garibaldi.\" Joaquin said. \"We'reneach others other half.\" Dorinda smiled. Joaquin looked at her. \"Henguided me back when I was lost.\" Justnthen, a nurse came in. \"The doctor got back the results of yourntest. You're welcome to leave anytime.\" \"We'llnmeet you guys out in the lobby. I'm sure Dorinda wants to getndressed and get out of here.\" Juanita ushered everyone out. Outnin the lobby, everyone was getting situated. Mrs. Bosco was talkingnto Dorthea. \"I just don't have the room for Dorinda to get somenpeace a quiet. Can she stay at your house?\" \"SurenI have no problem with that, but since Joaquin got the apartmentnabove Toto's fixed up, she'll probably stay there.\" \"Oh,nthat's right. I forgot that she had plans on moving in.\" Justnthen. They heard someone singing Amigas Cheetahs. They looked at sawnDorinda and Joaquin. \"Justnwanted to test my singing. And look at this.\" She did a couple ofndance moves. \"Thendoctor said that she will be able to do everything she could before.\"nJoaquin informed them all. \"Let'snget you guys home and get settled.\" Chanel,nAqua, Galleria, and Marisol escorted Dorinda to the car. The restnsoon followed.[Chapter 6] ChapternSix \"Ready?\"nDorinda asked. The other Cheetah's nodded and followed her in thendance steps. It was like Dorinda never had that accident. Ifnanything, she was dancing better then ever. \"No, Galleria. Likenthis.\" She said, demonstrating the dance move that Galleria wasnhaving trouble with. Justnthen, Joaquin walked in. He signaled to them and sat down. About annhour later, the Cheetah Girls were done practicing. Aqua sat down atnthe table first. \"How have you been?\" She asked him. He hasn'tnbeen sleeping well. Ever since the accident, Joaquin has been havingnrestless nights. \"I'mnokay. I got a full night sleep last night.\" He said. \"Hey.\"nChanel said as the rest of them approached. Dorindanleaned in and gave her husband a kiss. \"Hey, I was thinking aboutnthe competition, and...\" She started. \"Younstart school in two days.\" Joaquin said. \"We can practice afternyou get home. Besides, with you at my side, they don't stand anchance.\" He smiled at her. \"Thatnis so sweet.\" Aqua said. \"I wish someone would be sweet to me.\"nShe said. The rest of them laughed. \"Actually,nSenor Luc wanted me to take you all out for lunch.\" Joaquin said.n\"He has something planned to surprise you.\" -n- - - - - - - - - - - \"Ah,nchicas, you've arrived.\" Luc said, standing in his and Juanita'snapartment. \"Joaquinnsaid that you have something for us.\" Chanel said. \"Si,nthat is true. I have been told that you were asked to perform on thenfirst day of school.\" Luc stated. \"That'sntrue.\" Galleria confirmed. \"Inwanted you to look especially cheetah-licious for the first day, so Inhope you don't mind, but I had outfits made just for you.\" Lucnsaid. Juanita,nDorthea, Angel, and Marisol came out of the hallway, each carrying annoutfit. Galleria'snoutfit contained cheetah print pants with a see-through cheetah shirtnwith a black shirt underneath. Aqua's was a pair of jeans withncheetah print scattered around. It came with a matching cheetah tankntop. Chanel's was a cheetah sweat suit. Finally, Dorinda's outfit wasnin the form of a dress. It would come down to her knees when shenslipped it on. \"Thesenare amazing.\" Dorinda said, putting her dress next to her body. \"Whondesigned these?\" Chanel asked. \"Indid.\" Aqua said in disbelief. \"That'snright.\" Dorthea said. \"I saw them, and knew that they had to benmade. I talked to Aramet and Randolph and they agreed to make them.\" \"Thanks,nLuc.\" All four cheetah's gave him a hug. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - \"Dorinda.\"nJoaquin called, looking all over for her. \"Dorinda he called again.nHe walked into a room and saw her lying on the floor, covered innblood. He took a step forward and slipped. When he looked down, hensaw the entire floor was flooded with blood. He screamed. \"Joaquin.\"nDorinda said, shaking him awake. Joaquinnsat up real quick. He looked around and realized where he was. \"Younhad the dream again?\" Dorinda asked. He nodded. She looked him innthe eyes. \"I promise that I will never do anything that foolishnagain. I love you and don't want to cause you any pain.\" She kissednhim. \"Inknow. I love you too.\" He said. Dorinda curled up next to him andnthey went back to sleep. For the first time in days, Joaquin sleptnpeacefully. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - ThenCheetah Girls have just gotten done performing their songs. Thenentire school was clapping and cheering. Innthe audience, Joaquin, Dorthea, Juanita, Luc, Angel, Marisol, andnLola were cheering them on. Afternthe girls got off stage, they met their parents and friends at theirntable. Justnthen, Drinka walked up to them. \"That was wonderful, girls.\" Shensaid. \"Thanks,nDrinka.\" Galleria said. \"Thesenare our friends from Barcelona. This is Lola Duran and her daughter,nMarisol. This is Galleria's boyfriend, Angel. You've met Luc.\"nChanel said. \"Andnwho is this?\" Drinka asked, referring to Joaquin. \"Thisnis Count Joaquin Tovar. He's my husband.\" Dorinda said, showingnDrinka her wedding band. \"Youngot yourself an amazing woman.\" Drinka said to Joaquin. \"Don'tnI know it.\" Joaquin said, pulling her close. \"Waitna minute. Count Joaquin?\" Drinka asked. He nodded. \"That wouldnmake you...\" \"CountessnDorinda Tovar.\" Dorinda finished for her. \"Wow.nCongratulations.\" Drinka was about to walk away. \"Oh, and Inalmost forgot. In a few months, there is going to be a singing andndancing competition for all the schools in the United States. It willnbe held in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I would like to take you.\" \"Wenwould love to go.\" Aqua said. \"Wonderful.nI'll see you ladies tomorrow.\" \"Joaquinnand I have to get going too.\" Dorinda said. \"His dancencompetition is in this Saturday, and we just want to make sure thatnwe have the number down.\" She led him away. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Thenmusic stopped and Joaquin and Dorinda froze. They were breathingndeeply and looked into each other's eyes. \"Perfect.\" He said. \"Firstnplace is ours.\" Dorinda agreed.[Chapter 7] ChapternSeven \"Wenwon!\" Dorinda shouted, opening the door to Galleria's house.nJoaquin followed her, a grin on his face and a trophy in his hands. \"What?\"nDorthea asked, getting up from her sketch book. \"Wenwon.\" Joaquin said. \"That'snwonderful.\" Dorthea gave him a hug. \"Where'snSenor Luc?\" Joaquin asked, looking around. \"I wanted to tell himnthe good news.\" \"Hentook Juanita and Chanel out for some family bonding.\" Aqua said,ngetting up off the couch. \"Hownwas the competition?\" Galleria asked. Joaquinnand Dorinda sat down and explained everything. The costumes, thenmusic, and the dancing. \"I still can't believe we won.\" Dorindansaid. \"Wenwouldn't have if you weren't there.\" Joaquin. \"You are an amazingndancer, woman and I'm proud and honored to have you as my wife.\" \"Thatnis so sweet.\" Aqua said. Justnthen, an older man opened the door, and carried in two suitcases. \"Franco.\"nDorthea got up and hugged her husband. \"Hownwas Barcelona?\" He asked. \"Beautiful.\"nDorthea replied. Justnthen, Franco spotted Joaquin. He stuck out his hand. \"Hi, I'mnFranco, Dorthea's husband and Galleria's father.\" \"Wherenare my manners?\" Dorinda asked, getting up. \"Franco, this isnCount Joaquin Tovar. He's my husband.\" \" You're Joaquin?\" Franco asked. Joaquin nodded. \"The girls have toldnme so much about you.\" He said. \"Thanknyou.\" \"Where'snyour boyfriend?\" Franco asked his daughter. \"Angelnshould be here soon. Along with Marisol and Lola.\" Galleria said. -n- - - - - - - - - - - Laternthat night, everyone was at a restaurant. Joaquin and Dorindanre-accounted the days events. Galleria introduced everyone, andnFranco talked about his trip to Hong Kong. \"Wenreally have to get going.\" Dorinda said, standing up. \"Wendo?\" Joaquin asked. Dorinda stepped on his foot. \"Right, we havento get going.\" -n- - - - - - - - - - Backnat their apartment, Joaquin was sitting on the bed, in nothing butnboxer shorts. This was why Dorinda wanted to leave early. Shencame out of the bathroom, wearing a black bra and matching thongs.nShe made her way over to the bed, and starting kissing him. Henallowed her to push him back against the bed and climb on top. Shenstarted kissing and nipping at his neck. She made her way slowly downnhis body. Sucking on his nipples, and kissing his stomach. Finally,nshe ripped off his boxers and stuck his ever growing penis in hernmouth. Shencould hear him gasp. She pulled it out of her mouth and startednstoking it while she sucked on his balls. When his member was fullynhard and erect, she stuck it back in her mouth and began to suck onnit. Joaquinngripped the bed sheets, trying hard not to put them on Dorinda'snhead. It was amazing. \"Wait a minute.\" He said. He was about tonblow his load in her mouth. He pulled her up, removed her thongs andnher bra. He kissed her, then moved down to her breasts. He thumbednthe one nipple while he sucked on the other. Then he switched. Henmade his way down to her vagina, and started to caress her clit withnhis tongue \"Oh.\" Dorinda cried. Joaquin couldn't help but smilenas he continued. Finally,nhe made his way back up to her. He place his penis at her vagina.nDorinda pushed her hips up to meet his as he penetrated. He pullednback and thrust again. Dorinda wrapped her legs around his butt, andnwhen his thrust, she pulled him in, hard. This cause Joaquin to gondeeper, causing them both to experience more pleasure. He thrust intonher a few more times. Just then, Dorinda started screaming.n\"Oh...my...god!\" she was orgasming. Joaquin pounded harder andnfaster. Dorinda screamed and moaned louder. The faster he went, thenwilder she got. He was close to blowing his load. He pounded andnpounded. He could feel the tension and sensation building. He wasnalmost there. Just a few more. Finally, he was ejaculating. Asnsoon as he stopped shaking, he laid against her, exhausted. \"Thatnwas perfecto.\" Joaquin said. \"Inknow. Are you always this good?\" Henlaughed. \"Me? You were the one doing all the work.\" He gotnserious. \"You make me a very happy man. You know me better thennanybody.\" \"Younmake me happy too.\" Dorinda replied. -n- - - - - - - - - - Asnthe hours passed, they fell asleep like that. Joaquin was betweennDorinda legs, his head against her chest. Dorinda had her arm drapednaround his head. ","Summary":" ChapternOne Dorindanand Joaquin were walking down the streets of Barcelona. They had justngot done "},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls One World","Author":"disneyslittleprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4493722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Cheetah Girls Summary:A differentnversion of The Cheetah Girls One World. Dorinda and Chanel havenbeen a couple sense they got back from Spain but when they go tonIndia Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go out withnhim.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will She leavenor will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries to makenChanel jealous by daiting Giti. Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Chanel/Vic Songs: Cheetah Love-The CheetahnGirls Dig A Little Deeper-ThenCheetah Girls Dance Me If You Can-ThenCheetah Girls Fly Away-Dorinda(MynVersion) What If-Chanel Im The One-The CheetahnGirls No Place Like us-Chanelnand Dorinda(my version) One World-The CheetahnGirls Chapter 1:Cheetah Love The cheetah girls are nowna threesome because Galleria had to stay in spain with her mom andnshe also got accepted to college.Dorinda and Joaquin have broken upnbecause of the long distant between them.After they got back fromnSpain Chanel confessed her love to Dorinda and Dorinda also fell innlove with Chanel so they decided to try it and they became ancouple.Aqua was so happy for Dorinda and Chanel but mostly Dorindanbecause she was still heart broken from her last break up. The Cheetah Girls havenbeen inceperable sense Dorinda and Chanel became a couple.And theynstill are a couple until something bad happens. After they sang \"CheetahnLove\" they all sat in the auditorium trying to figure out whatnthey did wrong.\"Do are you alright?\"Aqua asked as shenstared at her friend who was looking at her phone. \"Yeah Im finenAqua...Joaquin has been calling me non-stop...I dont want to talk tonhim\"Dorinda said sadly.Chanel looked at Aqua and gave her a sadnsmile.Chanel brushed the hair out of Dorinda's face softly to comfortnher.\"Well Joaquin was a stright up fool for dumping a beautifulnwomen like you Dorinda\"Chanel said. Dorinda smiled brightly atnher.\"Ya thanks Chu-chi Im hungry do you guys want to go eatnsomething?\"Dorinda asked.They all laughed and Aqua grabbednDorinda's hand.\"Im starving girl come on lets go!\"Aquansaid.Dorinda giggled at her friends silliness.Chanel rolled her eyesnat them and wrapped her arm around Dorinda's waist and they headednout to the resturant. -At the resturant- Chanel,Dorinda and Aquancame into the resturant.Dorinda went to her chair but was stoppednwhen she saw a statue(sp?) of an elephant.She continued to stare atnit.Chanel looked up at Dorinda and saw her staring at a weird lookingnstatue(sp?). Chanel grabbed her arm.\"YonDo you alright?\"Chanel asked her girlfriend.Dorinda snap out ofnher thoughts and looked back at Chanel.\"Yeah..that statue(sp?)isngiving me the creeps\"She shook her head and sat next tonChanel.\"Well it does kinnda creep you out...\"Aqua said. After about ten minutesnChanel's phone started to ring.Dorinda bit her lip and stared atnher.\"Hello?\"Chanel asked the other person.\"Hello isnthe Chanel from The Cheetah Girls?\"The guy asked. \"Uh yeah...did younwant something?\"Chanel asked.\"I would like you and yournfriends to audition for my new Hollywood musical\"Hensaid.Chanel's eyes lit up.Dorinda stared at her.\"What is itnChanel?\"Aqua asked.Chanel waved her hand at her.\"OH MY GODnof course The Cheetah Girls would like to audition!Thank You SonMuch!\"Chanel said and hunged up her phone. \"Girl you bettternstart dishing what is it?\"Aqua said.Chanel grab Dorinda's handnand Aqua's hand.\"Some big movie director wants us to auditionnfor their new musical in HollyWood!\"Chanel screamed.Dorinda andnAqua squealed but then stopped. \"Im not so sure aboutnthis Chanel...What about my classes in Columbia?\"Aquanasked.Chanel sighed.\"And you know I have dance camp this summernChu-chi...\"Dorinda said. \"Guys this could benthe deal of a life time!Do you really want to pass that up just fornstupid classes?We could be international movie stars!\"Chanelnsaid excitedly.\"you're really sure about this?\"Aquanasked.Chanel nodded her head. \"I've never been sonsure about anything before!come on Do just think about it!We'll benable to go to Hollywood and be movie stars and we could have a timenfor just us\"Chanel whispered in Dorinda's ear.Dorindansighed.\"Only if you so sure about this Chanel...then I'llngo\"Dorinda said.Chanel squealed and hugged Dorinda tightly. -Chanel's and Dorinda'snApartment- Dorinda and Chanel havenbeen lying in their bed as Aqua was reading.Dorinda heard her cellnphone ring.She growled.\"WHY WONT HE LEAVE ME ALONE!\"Dorindanyelled and tossed the phone across the room. Chanel sighed and rubbednher back soothingly.\"Do why dont you calm down okay...you dontnwant to get to stressed okay?\"Chanel said.Dorinda glared at hernthen lyed(sp?)down on the bed.\"Chanel I dont know how much morenI can take Joaquin just wont quit!\"Dorinda screamed. Chanel stared at Aqua fornhelp but then she thought of something.Chanel leaned up and kissednher softly.Chanel pulled away after a few seconds.Dorinda stared atnher and smiled.\"Thanks Chanel...Im sorry I yelled Im justnfurious\"Dorinda said. Chanel nodded.\"It'snfine Do I understand let's just get some sleep so we can audition fornthe musical tomorrow\"Chanel said and kissed her again beforenfalling asleep. -The Audition- \"Dig A LittlenDeeper!\"They all sang the last line of the song.They got off thenstage and walked over to the men.\"So how'd we do?\"Chanelnasked.Vic stared at her with his big brown eyes. \"You guys werenawsome!I would love to have you guys in my Bollywood musical!\"Vicnsaid.They all smiled.\"We're going to-Wait a minute did she justnsay were going Bollywood?\"Aqua asked.Vic nodded his head.\"YesnI said Bollywood..why do you have a problem with it?\"Henasked.Chanel shook her head. \"No we dont have anproblem with it just let me talk to them real quick!\"Chanelnsaid.Chanel grabbed Dorinda's and Aqua's hand and walked across thenroom.\"Bollywood?Chanel you said Hollywood!\"Dorindansaid.Chanel shook her head.\"Bollywood?Hollywood?My phone had anbad connection okay!I couldnt hear correctly...but guys this willnmake us international super stars!\"Chanel said. Dorinda sighed.\"ChanelnBollywood is on the other side of the world!It's In India!We cant gonall the way to India!\"Aqua said furiously.Chanel looked atnDorinda.\"Guys you said you would go it doesnt matter if it's innIndia or the U.S just as long we stay together and becomeninternational super stars!\"Chanel said. Dorinda gave her a smallnsmilen and sighed.\"She's right Aqua..we did say that...I guessnit really doesnt matter just as long as we're together and no one wenseperate us\".Dorinda said. Aqua smiled and nodded atnDorinda's statement.\"Alright I guess we can go\"Shensaid.They all turned to the guys.\"WE'RE GOING TO INDIA!\"Theynscreamed. Vic smiled at Chanel andnthe others but mostly Chanel.Chanel stared at him and blushed whennshe saw him smiling at her.Dorinda stared at them and glared at Vic. \"Well this is goodnyour flight leaves the day after tomorrow so be ready!\"Vic saidnto them.Chanel,Aqua and Dorinda walked out of the auditorium.\"Arenyou sure your uncle would agree to this?\"His friend asked.Vicnsmiled at him.\"It's my movie I say what goes\"Vic said left. End of Chapter 1! I hope you guys liked it!Inenjoyed writing this story.Please read and review!:) Songs: Cheetah Love-The CheetahnGirls Dig A Little Deeper-ThenCheetah Girls Dance Me If You Can-ThenCheetah Girls Fly Away-Dorinda(MynVersion) What If-Chanel Im The One-The CheetahnGirls No Place Like us-Chanelnand Dorinda(my version) One World-The CheetahnGirls For all those CheetahnGirls fans you should check out their new movie The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld!It permired Last Night which was the 22nd of Agust and checknout their new cd which is from the movie!Support the Cheetah Girls! by YukiLover12 Chapter 2 will update soonnplease read and review!:)THANK YOU![Chapter 2] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 2 Summary:Dorinda and Chanelnhave been a couple sense they got back from Spain but when they go tonIndia Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go out withnhim.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will She leavenor will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries to makenChanel jealous by daiting Gita. Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Chanel/Vic Aqua/Kevin(I dont know thenname from the movie so I'll just stick with Kevin!) Last Time: The Cheetah Girls werenaccepted to go to Bollywood not Hollywood India.They had somenarguments about deciding either to stay or go to India and theynagreed with Chanel and they are going to India!.Dorinda keeps a closeneye on Vic and Chanel. Now back to the Story!:) Chapter 2:Dance Me If YounCan Part 1:Dance Me If You Can The CheetahnGirls were set to go to India.They had taken a long plane ride fromnNew York to Bollywood India.They were ready for what India was goingnto give them. Dorinda,Chanelnand Aqua arrived at a huge India Hotel called the Matarasha Hotel thenbiggest hotel in India.Chanel traveled behind as a bellboy carriednall her belongings.Dorinda looked at Aqua and laughed.\"At leastnshe packed light\"Dorinda said.Aqua giggled and nodded. After an hournor so Dorinda and Aqua were sitting on the couch in their cheetahnprint robes.Dorinda was looking at a scrap book of them innSpain.Chanel came over to them.\"Guys were gonna be late!Comenon!\"Chanel said.Dorinda smiled at Aqua and they got out of theirnrobes. Dorinda wasnwearing a white dress shirt and a black buttoned up vest over thenshirt and a white tie tied around her neck and was wearing blacknjeans with her blonde hair pulled up into a ponytail.Chanel wasnwearing a pink shirt with cheetah spots scattered on it and wasnwearing a blue jean skirt with pink high heels.Aqua was wearing anblue buttoned up blouse and a long sky blue skirt that went down tonher ankels and white high heels. They allnlooked at eachother and nodded.\"We look Cheetah-fabulous!\"Theynall said and laughed as they walked out of the hotel and went to thenmovie set. -The Movie Set- The CheetahnGirls walked down the streets towards the movie set. Once there anguy stoped them.\"Who are you?\"He asked.Chanel stood infrontnof them.\"Tell them the Cheetah Girls have arrived.\"Chanelnsaid with a smile.The guy nodded and opened the gate. Vic camenrunning to them.\"At last The Cheetah Girls have arrived!Pleasencome I want you to meet your co-star\"Vic said to Chanel.They allnnodded and walked with Vic. (A/N:) (Shan is anfamous Indian movie romance actor he has stared in 45 movies and hasnwon so many awards.He is also in love with Giti the coreogropher ofnthe movies) (A/N:Giti wasna bitch towards Dorinda in the beging but became friends in thenmiddle of the movie) Shan walkedntowards the girls after signing autographs.They stopped what theynwere doing and stared at him. \"Hellonmy name is Shan...Im your co-star and your The Cheetah Girls from NewnYork?\"Shan asked.They blinked and continued to stare at him.Vicnlaughed nervously \"They're really happy to see you...\"Vicnsaid and Shan walked away. They allnsnapped out of their thoughts.\"Okay why dont you guys go to thenback and wait there for me I'll be back in ten minutes tops\"Vicnsaid and winked at Chanel which made Chanel blush.Dorinda glared atnhim again and grabbed Chanel by her arm roughly and they walkedntowards the back set. Once therenChanel pulled out of Dorinda's rough grip and rubbed her arm.\"Girlnwhat is you problem?\"Chanel asked with a hint of anger in hernvoice.\"Ugh!Like you dont know he was totally flirting withnyou!\"Dorinda said with anger.Chanel scoffed.\"Yeah so itndoesnt matter!I dont like him okay so stop being jealous\"Chanelnsaid. Aquangasped.\"Chanel what is the matter with you?Doesnt ournrelationship mean anything to you?\"Dorinda asked.Chanel sawntears threatening to come out of Dorinda's eyes. Chanelnwrapped her arms around Dorinda's waist and hugged her.\"Im sorrynDo please dont cry\"Chanel said. \"Awwnisnt that sweet..what?You Americans were supposed to be here hoursnago!\"Gita said.Chanel and Dorinda broke apart and stared at thenIndian girl who was wearing a green and gold dress and white pantsnunderneath. \"You gotna problem?\"Dorinda asked with anger in her voice. Gita walkednover to Dorinda.\"Im the coreogropher in this movie..this isnsupposed to be rehersal time not kissy lovey dovey time...so we havento see if you Americans cam dance\"She said with determination innher voice. Dorindanwalked up to her and poked her chest.\"Are you saying we cantndance?\"Dorinda asked furiously.Chanel and Aqua ran up to Dorindanand grabbed her arms to hold her back.Gita smirked.\"Your type ofndancing cant even match ours we have improved on our dancing morenthan you Americans ever have.\"She said. \"well isnthat so?... then let's see your moves\"Dorinda said. Gita smirkednagain.\"Fine guys over here!\"She waved to her friends thatnwere standing on the platforms. She walkednover to her friend Katia.\"We have to show this American girl whoncan really dance you in?\"She asked.Katia nodded. (A/N:I justnmade up an Indian name so it can fit into the story but if you guysnhave other opitions I would love to use them!) They all wentninto four lines with Gita and Katia in the front.\"Let's see ifnyou can do this\"Gita moved her hand and feet into a complicatednindian dance.She twirled and went face to face with Dorinda. \"Uh Imnnot sure if we can do that you see we-\"Aqua was cut off with anlaugh coming from Gita.\"Ha I knew it you guys cant dance if yournlife was in danger!\"Everyone laughed except for Aqua,Chanel andnDorinda. \"Wellnlet's see if you can do an American hip hop!\"Dorinda said.Aquanand Chanel nodded and got into position. Arenyou sure that you're up for this? Do you think that you can handlenit? This is complicated You might get fustrated Dorinda,Chanelnand Aqua danced to prove that Americans were better dancers thannIndian dancers. Wengot the moves that you never seen, Let me show you just what Inmean. There's really no chance, That you can do our dance. Theyndanced to show what the meaning of real dance is. Can'tnkeep up, Can't keep up, No. Try keep up, Try keepnup, Yeah. (Oh no uhum, uhum) (Oh no,show me what yangot) Dorindanand Gita faced off.Gita has fallen in love with Dorinda sense shenstarted dancing.She continued to watch her moves. Trynto follow, watch me now, If you think that you know how. Thenndance me, Dance me if you can. Dance me if you can. Dancenme, Dance me if you can. Chanelnwatched Dorinda and Gita dance eachother off and saw that Gita wasnwatching her every move.She felt jealousy in her heart but continuednto dance along with Aqua. Dorindanwalked up to Gita and moved face to face with her.Gita stared intonher brown eyes that showed determination. Inknow you think that you're in control. But watch we move 'Causenthis is how we roll Work it just like this, Let's see you trynto do that. What's the matter? Can't figure it out? 'Causenyou look confuse, mixed up, no doubt. There's really nonchance That you can do our dance. Dorindanagain wanted to show this Indian girl how americans can dance betternthan Indan people so she did hip hop. Can'tnkeep up Can't keep up No. Try keep up Try keepnup Yeah. Can't keep up Can't keepnup No. (oh,oh,c'mon,c'mon) (Yeah,yeah,show me what youngot) Try to follow,watch me now, If you think that you knownhow. Then dance, (dance me) Dance me if you can. (Ohnyeah) Therenwas a long pause after dancing but Dorinda and Gita performed annawsome move by jumping off the high wooded platforms.The continued tondance and sing. Getntogether or fall apart, If you think it's not that hard. Thenndance me. (dance me) Dance me if you can. Dorindanand Gita smiled at eachother and felt that there was a spark. Isnthat the best that you can do? You gonna have to try much harder, Nownis the time to make your move. You know... Hey,hey getnready. Hey,hey let's go. (that'snright) (here we go) (yeah,yeah,yeah) Trynto follow,watch me now, If you think that you know how. Thenndance me, Dance me if you can. Everybody wants to win(wants tonwin) If you think that you can handle it, Then dance me. Dancenme if you can. Never easy, That's the way(that's thenway) If you think you got what it takes. Then dance me, Dancenme if you can.(dance me if you can) Friendshipnwas made after they danced.They proved that Americans and Indians canndance equaly together. Dorindanand Gita hugged eachother.\"That was awsome...we should hang outnsometime maybe you can teach me that dance\"Gita said.Dorindansmiled and nodded.\"Ya that'd be great...\"Dorindansaid.Chanel glared at Gita.Aqua was confused.\"Great I'll see younlater\"Gita said and waved goodbye to Chanel and Aqua and walkednpassed Dorinda while she moved her hand to touch Dorinda's innernthigh which made Dorinda shiver and bite her lip. \"Imntelling you Doe she creeps me out you should stay away fromnher\"Chanel said.Dorinda glared at her girlfriend.\"Oh Chanelndont be a fool she's not creepy she was just being friendly just likenyou were with Vikram\"Dorinda sneered.Chanel shook hernhead.\"Whatever.\"Chanel said. Theynall walked towards the exist but was stopped by Vikram. Endnof Chapter 2 Inhope you guys liked it!Please read and review!:) Alsonnoticed:Please watch the Cheetah Girls One World so you can follownthe plot![Chapter 3] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 3 Summary:Dorindanand Chanel have been a couple sense they got back from Spain but whennthey go to India Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go outnwith him.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will Shenleave or will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries tonmake Chanel jealous by daiting Gita Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Chanel/Vikram Dorinda/Gita Aqua/Amar LastnTime:Gita and Dorinda became friends after a short time of beingnrivals.Chanel became jealous.Aqua became confused. Chaptern3:Fly Away AfternThe Cheetah Girls found out that there was only one leading role innthe movie they decided it wasnt right so they decided to stay away. Theynwalked to the shopping markets.\"I cant believe we fell fornthat\"Dorinda said.Chanel looked at her.\"Oh shut up younwanted to do this I didnt see the outcome I only thought of ThenCheetah Girls future.\"Chanel said as she looked through thenIndian skirts that were hanging up. Dorindanglared at her.\"What is your problem!Why are you being such anjerk now!?\"Dorinda asked.Chanel gave her an angry look.\"Oh?nIm not the one flirting with other girls when she already has angirlfriend!\"She yelled.\"Oh?Oh? like Im the one who wasnflirting with the movie director stupid Vikram!\"Dorinda yelled. Aquanbit her lip as she kept watching her best friends fighting.'Oh no arenthey going to break up oh god I hope not'She thought. Thennall of a sudden a male's voice decided to call Chanel.\"CHANEL!\"Vikramnran over to Chanel.Chanel smiled at Vikram.\"Hey I wanted to seenif you would like to hang out today\"Vikram asked.Chanel glancednat Dorinda who had her head down.Chanel smiled more.\"Of course Inwould love to\"Chanel said and took Vikram by the hand and theynwalked out of the market place. Dorindanlooked up and saw Chanel gone then turned to her right and saw Aquantalking to a guy who she assumed was Amar.Dorinda shook her head andnwalked past Aqua and continued to walk. Dorinda'snfeet carried her to the beach that was stranded.She looked over thenseas and saw that the sun was rising.She sighed and sat down on thensand and put her head between her knees and started to cry. Afternabout a few minutes she felt someone tap her on thenshoulder.\"Dorinda?\"Gita asked.Dorinda sniffled and shookednher head and layed her head on Gita's shoulder.\"What happenednDorinda?Did you and your friends have a fight?\"Gita asked as shenrubbed Dorinda's back soothingly.Dorinda nodded.\"Do you want tontalk about it?\"She asked.Dorinda shooked her head again andncried more. Hoursnlater Dorinda was brought back to their Hotel and didnt see Aqua ornChanel in the room.She was alone again.She sat down on couch andnlooked through the scrap book again.She saw pictures of her andnChanel being happy and Aqua who was making them laugh.She had teardnforming in her eyes as she remembered the happy times.She felt hernheart break in two when she thought of Vikram and Chanel beingntogether. Dorindangot up from the couch and went over to the window and started to singna sad and depressing song. Dorinda We'renstanding on the edge of something Do we stay or do we run It'snobvious that everything's changed My head can't seem tonfigure out Why my heart is full of doubt Maybe we're just tirednof the game Guess you never know what's gonna happen Sonyou do the best you can Following your soul might bring younback Or it may have another plan Chorus Please don't letnit fly away, high away Gotta keep it together Feel for thenflow Don't fly away, high away Please don't No don't, don'tnlet it fly away Dorinda We've never felt this placenbefore Wondering if anymore We can find in us what itntakes It's not about who's to blame I pray that they'renjust growing pains Laughing while they're testing ournfaith 'Cause you never know what's gonna happen So youndo the best you can Following our souls might bring us back Unlessnit has another plan Chorus Dorinda It's yes, it'snno We stay, we go Feels like we're questioning everything,nyeah We run, we fall, but through it all (through it all) Wennever thought we would break We never thought we would break Chorus(repeatn2x) Dorindanlayed down on the bed and fell to sleep dreaming and hoping this wasna dream that everything would be back to normal again. Imnsorry this Chapter was short but the next one will be longer Inpromise!:) Pleasenread and review![Chapter 4] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 4 Summary:Dorindanand Chanel have been a couple sense they got back from Spain but whennthey go to India Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go outnwith him.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will Shenleave or will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries tonmake Chanel jealous by daiting Giti. Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Chanel/Vikram Dorinda/Gita Aqua/Amar Chapter 4:What If The next daynAqua wanted to talk to Dorinda but Dorinda seemed distant. She walkednout of the Hotel room and outside and saw Dorinda talking with Gitanby the pond.She walked over and decided to talk to Dorinda.\"Doencan i talk to you?\"Aqua asked.Dorinda looked at her but thennback at Gita.Aqua growled.\"Doe come on please?\"She askednagain.Dorinda sighed.\"I'll be right back Gita..\"Dorindansaid .Gita smiled and nodded. They walkednaway from the pond and stood by a big tree.\"Dorinda are younokay?you seem distant\"Aqua said.Dorinda sighed.\"Why do youneven care Aqua?Chanel doesnt!You left me yesterday by myself...Gitanwas the one who had to comfort me\"Dorinda said.Aqua titled hernhead in confusion.\"Doe...please I dont understand\"Aquansaid.Dorinda growled.\"You dont get it!Of Course you dont getnit!You guys only came here for yourselves!What about me?Why am I leftnout of the group?\"Dorinda asked as she felt tears forming in herneyes. Aqua starednat her friend.She shooked her head.\"That's not true-\"Aquanwas cut off by a slap across the face.She stood shocked and moved hernhand towards her cheek and winced when she felt pain. \"Looknyou dont care...maybe Im just not a perfect Cheetah Girlnanymore...you guys dont need me...\"Dorinda said and ran offntowards the movie set. Gita starednat the direction Dorinda ran off.She walked towards Aqua and pushednher.\"What'd you say to her?She was just fine until you should upnwhy dont you go be with your stupid boyfriend Amar and leave Dorindanalone!\"Gita said and ran off to find Dorinda. Chanel wasnstanding in the back and she heard the whole thing that Dorindansaid.She made Dorinda cry and made her slap her best friend.She wasnresponsible for Dorinda's suffering. She sighednand walked along the path to the pond and began to sing. Maybenthis was meant to be Maybe now it should be me Been dreamin' ofnthis forever But I'm feelin' so confused...Yeah It's hardnto see what's right Between you and I And I don't know what tondo Chanelncontinued to walk as she kept seeing flash backs of her and Dorindanbeing happy. Ohnwe'd stay together always is the promise we made But suddenly it'snnot so clear. AndnI'm being pulled both ways Chanelnlooked over her shoulder and saw Dorinda talking to Gita and also sawnAmar talking to Aqua. Andnit's breaking my heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible tonchoose What if I don't try What if I do Everything that I'vendreamed right in front of me If I win what would I lose Howncould I learn to live wondering...What If? Shencontinued to see flashbacks with Galleria in them.She was so happynfor her and Dorinda that they became a couple. Thingsnwould never be the same, oh no Maybe that's the price of fame Beennwaitin' for this forever It's close enough for me to touch Butnif I don't go for it, I might always regret Butnis it worth us breaking up As she triednnot to cry as she looked at the pictures on the ground as theynreminded her of her and her friends. Ohnwe'd stay together always is the promise we made But suddenly it'snnot so clear And I don't know what to say And it's breakingnmy heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible to choose What if Indon't try What if I do Everything that I've dreamed right innfront of me If I win what would I lose How could I learn tonlive wondering...What If? What If I would have tried Incould shine, even fly I don't wanna realize after it's toonlate And see it all pass me by She didntnwant The Cheetah Girls to break up but she might think it's to latennow. IfnI do, if I don't Will I ever really know What the future couldnhold before it slips away Could be the chance of a lifetime Andnit's breaking my heart, tearin' me apart It's impossible tonchoose What if I don't try What if I do Everything that I'vendreamed right in front of me If I win what would I lose Howncould I learn to live wondering...What If? I never want tonsay...What if Chanel sighednas she heard Vikram calling her.She walked over to Vikram and theynwent to the Palace. -At the Palace- Chanel andnVikram sat in an empty room with only chairs and a large redncarpet.\"So Chanel are you going to practice for the audition\"Henasked as he looked over the script.Chanel sighed.\"I dont knownabout this Vik I dont want the Cheetah Girls to break up again.\"Shensaid as she put her head in her hands. \"What'dnyou mean break up again have you broken up before?You guys seemedninseperable the last time I saw you guys together.\"He said.\"Inknow but for some reason this audition is tearing us apart\"Shensaid.Vik smiled sadly at Chanel and hugged her. Vik andnChanel looked at eachother and moved closer.Their lips were metersnapart.Then a loud crash came.They ignored it but when Chanel lookednover by the door way she saw Dorinda with tears in her eyes.\"Uhnoh...man I did something so wrong..look Vik I have to go findnDorinda\"Chanel said.She was about to go but Vik stopped her. \"Youndont need her Chanel..you have me okay...Im sure Dorinda will be finenlater\"He said.He made Chanel sit on his lap and he kissed hernpationatley. -At the Hotel- Dorindanstormed into the room with tears in her eyes.She began to get hernthings and pack.\"How could I have been so stupid!I knew Chanelnwas just like everyone else!She fucking lied to me and didnt keep hernpromises!Well Im not staying here after the audition Im goingnhome!\"Dorinda screamed. Aqua watchednher friend in the doorway as she saw he friend collaspe on the floornand cried her heart out while packing her things.She felt tears innher own eyes forming as she saw her friend look at a picture of themnbeing happy after the music awards in Spain. She was goingnto have a serious talk with Chanel maybe even yell at her. -Later that day- Dorinda wasnwalking towards the movie set.She saw Gita talking to Rahim.(A/N:Infinally found out his name!) She sat downnon the table with her head down. Gita lookednover her shoulder and saw Dorinda with her head on the table.Shenlooked back at Rahim.\"I have to go see if Dorinda is alrightnI'll see you later\"Gita said and walked over to the table. \"Dorinda?Arenyou okay?\"Gita asked.Dorinda looked up at her and shooked hernhead.Gita sat down next to her.\"Are you still fighting with yournfriends?\"She asked.Dorinda nodded.\"Gita...I think I want tongo home\"Dorinda said.Gita stared at her.\"Really?\"Shenasked.Dorinda nodded again.\"Yes I cant stay here anymore...Afternthe audition Im going home\"Dorinda said and sighed.Gita tooknDorinda's hand in hers.\"Well if your sure about thisnDorinda..but I can I tell you something first?\"She asked. Dorindanstared at her.Gita moved closer to her and brushed the hair out ofnher eyes and leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips. End of Chapter 4!:) Please read andnreview!Thanks A Bunch for review this story the reviews keep menwriting! Next Time:The CheetahnGirls have to compet against eachother.Dorinda leaves but will Chanelnand Aqua catch her in time?[Chapter 5] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 5 Summary:Dorinda and Chanelnhave been a couple sense they got back from Spain but when they go tonIndia Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go out withnhim.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will She leavenor will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries to makenChanel jealous by daiting Gita. This Chapters Summary:Gitantells Dorinda that she is in love with her.But Dorinda is still innlove with Chanel so she and Gita decides to make Chanel jealous byngoing out after the audition. Songs: Cheetah Love-The CheetahnGirls Dig A Little Deeper-ThenCheetah Girls Dance Me If You Can-ThenCheetah Girls Fly Away-Dorinda(MynVersion) What If-Chanel Im The One-The CheetahnGirls No Place Like us-Chanelnand Dorinda(my version) One World-The CheetahnGirls Pairings: Chanel/Vikram Dorinda/Gita Aqua/Amar Chapter 5:Im The One Dorinda didntnknow what to say.She was just kissed by Gita her best friend.Shendidnt know if it was a good thing or a bad thing but she liked it. Gita starednat her friend and saw Dorinda's eyes sparkle.She smirked.\"Dorinda...Inhave been in love with you sense I met you when we were having thendance off thing...Maybe you feel the same way or maybe you still lovenChanel which one is it?\"Gita asked. Dorindanstared at her.\"Well I-I think...Im still in love with Chanelnbut...maybe I can fall in love with you to\"Dorinda said.Gitansmiled again and leaned up to kiss her. -At the Audition- Chanel,Dorindanand Aqua along with Gita walked into the building.Amar,Vikram andnRahim sat near the desk. Dorinda andnChanel sat on one couch while Aqua sat on the other next tonthem.Chanel stared at Aqua in disgust. \"Girlnwhat is that?\"Chanel asked.Aqua stared at her with a glare.\"It'snmy string\"She said.Chanel's eyes went wide. \"Waitnwhat?Why'd you take that off the tree?\"She asked.Aquanblinked.\"because my wish already came true\"She said. Chanel starednat Dorinda then back at Aqua.\"Our wish hasnt come true yet...Inwished for The Cheetah Girls to become international movie starsnwhat'd you wish for?\"She asked.Aqua sat up.\"I wished fornThe Cheetah Girls to stay the same\"Dorinda said.Aqua smiled atnAmar who was watching her.\"I wished to meet Kevin 3457 innperson\"She said.\"Well that's a suprise\"Dorindansaid.Aqua glared at her.\"yeah so...My wish came true and yoursndidnt!\"Aqua said.Dorinda kept her head down as she tried not toncry. \"OkaynCheetahs get ready.\"Vikram said.They each glared at eachothernand went to the mat. Gita watchednfrom the sidelines as she saw Dorinda she looked like she was aboutnto cry.She hoped Dorinda would win so she stayed in India with her. The music innthe backround started playing. Ohnyeah... Woah... Mhm... C'mon... Chanel: Nobodyncan sing like me I can hit every note you give for me From A tonZ Yes I can Vikram stared at Chanel andnsmiled at her. Chanel keptndancing. Dorinda: Nobodyncan dance like me I can move to the beat your playin' Baby withnmy feet Yeah yeah.. Dorindancontinued to dance Aqua: Nobodyncan act like me I can fall to pieces and make you believe almostnanything Aqua didnt want The Cheetah Girlsnto break up so she thinks that if she wins she'll be able to bringnthem back together again.Hopefully All: I'mnthe one Steppin' out and we're ready You know the rules Allnalone (all alone) Gonna show everybody what I can do I'm thenone Put your bet on me Can't you see that I'm the one Don'tnneed anybody now Makin' it on my own They all continued tondance and follow the rythm. Shencan turn every word into a lovely melody Yes she can Vikramndance and singed so Chanel can get the part.And he defend her. Girl'sngot her own groove Put the music on And watch her as she Doesnher thing She can do anything Rahim also danced and sing butnfor Dorinda's honor and for Gita. Myngirl is a drama queen Any role you give her She does perfectly Oh,ncan't you see that Amar was also dancing and singing for hisngirlfriend Aqua because she deserved the part. She'snthe one She's steppin' out and we're ready You know thenrules All alone She gonna show everybody what she can do She'snthe one Put you bet on her Can't you see that She's thenone She don't need anybody now And she's makin' it on her own Dorinda,Chanelnand Aqua went back to the dance floor and continued to Dance and singnto be the best. Inwanna be The one who everybody knows (I'm steppin out, steppinnout alright) I wanna be The one who's always front andncenter For the first time in my life Chanelnthought is was stupid that they had to do this.She continued to watchnDorinda as she danced to prove she was a better chocie I'mnthe one Steppin' out and we're ready You know the rules Allnalone (all alone) Gonna show everybody what I can do I'm thenone Put your bet on me Can't you see that I'm the one Don'tnneed anybody now Makin' it on my own I'm the one Steppin'nout and we're ready You know the rules All alone (allnalone) Gonna show everybody what I can do I'm the one Putnyour bet on me Can't you see that I'm the one Don't neednanybody now Makin' it on my own Oncenthey stopped singing they stared at Vikram and his uncle.(A/N:I dontnknow the name of the uncle).The uncle went over to them and stoodninfront of Chanel.\"Congratulations you guys were all awsome butnwe still only have to choose one.\"He said and stared at hisnnephew.Dorinda and Aqua smiled knowing they would get the part butnthey were wrong. \"Congratsnto you Chanel Simmons...you did a fine job you sing perfectly pleasenread the script and be ready for the rehersal tomorrow afternoon\"Hensaid and walked away. Aquanand Dorinda felt their heart shatter.Aqua shooked her head.\"Wellnthat figures once you start flirting with the director you get whatnyou want\"Aqua said and walked out of the room with Amar. Chanelnstared at Dorinda.\"Dorinda..I-\"She was cut off by a pushnaway.\"Save it Chanel...just take the part you deserve I dontnwant to be here when this movie comes out so have fun\"Dorindansaid and walked out of the room with her hands in her pockets andnwalked away with Gita along with Rahim Vikramnsmiled at Chanel.\"Im so happy for you Chanel..here's your scriptnI'll be seeing you tomorrow\"He said and kissed her goodbye thennleft the room. Chanelnsighed and walked away slowly from the room. Endnof Chapter 5 Inhope you guys liked it I enjoyed writing this chapter!Please read andnreview!THANKS EVERYONE![Chapter 6] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 6 Summary:Dorinda and Chanelnhave been a couple sense they got back from Spain but when they go tonIndia Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go out withnhim.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will She leavenor will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries to makenChanel jealous by daiting Gita. This ChaptersnSummary:Dorinda decides to leave India because she cant stand beingnaround Chanel anymore.Aqua and Chanel have a huge fight. Songs: Cheetah Love-The CheetahnGirls Dig A Little Deeper-ThenCheetah Girls Dance Me If You Can-ThenCheetah Girls Fly Away-Dorinda(MynVersion) What If-Chanel Im The One-The CheetahnGirls No Place Like us-Chanelnand Dorinda(my version) One World-The CheetahnGirls Pairings: Chanel/Vikram Aqua/Amar Dorinda/Chanel Dorinda/Gita Chapter 6:No Place Like us After a fewndays sense the audition for the leading role The Cheetah Girls havenbeen distant to eachother. Aqua has beennwith her boyfriend Amar.Dorinda was with Gita until she leaves.Chanelnwas doing her pracitce sesions with Vikram. Dorindanwalked silently down the path towards the palace with her hands innher jean pockets.She looked up and saw Aqua sitting by the window.Shenhasn't talked to Aqua in days.She sighed and walked over to Aqua.Shentapped Aqua on the shoulder and she turned around. \"Doe?What'snup?\"Aqua asked as she put her hands on her jeans and moved overnfor Dorinda to sit down.\"I just wanted to see how you were...Imnsorry I havent been a good friend lately\"Dorinda said as she satndown next to Aqua. Aquansmiled.\"It's fine I totally get it...Oh I cant take it I've beennso miserable lately I feel like a complete jerk Im so sorry Doe\"Aquanhugged Dorinda tightly while hoping that she was forgiven from beingnsuch a jerk. Dorindanhugged Aqua back.She felt happy that her and Aqua made up.\"Inforgive you Aqua just dont let it happen again\"Dorinda gigglednat her statement.Aqua giggled to and nodded.\"Trust me girl itnwont happen again I promise!Texas Honor!\"Aqua gave her a peacensign.Dorinda laughed and hugged Aqua again. \"I justnfeel so stupid about the fight...but are you really gonna go homenDoe?\"Aqua asked with a hint of dissapointment in hernvoice.Dorinda nodded.\"If Chanel doesnt want me here then I guessnall I could do is go home and forget that this has ever happened\"Shensaid.Aqua hugged her.\"Do you want me to come with you?\"Shenasked.Dorinda shooked her head. \"No Indont...I dont want you to leave Amar you guys are perfectntogether.\"She said as she stood up.Aqua sighed.\"Only ifnyour sure about this Doe\"Aqua said.Dorinda nodded. \"Im surenAqua I'll see you later I have to go find Gita and Rahim\"Dorindansaid and hugged Aqua goodbye then ran off to their hotel room. -At the movie set- At the movienset Chanel was sitting on the bench.She looked up and saw Aquanstomping over to her. \"i HATEnYOU CHANEL!\"Aqua yelled.Chanel stared shocked at her.Aqua nevernsaid that unless she was really mad.\"What are you talkingnabout?\"Chanel asked. Aquanhuffed.\"Oh like you dont know...you and Vikram?What about younand Dorinda?Dorinda is planing on leaving thanks to you!SO I reallynhope your happy that you got the part because your just so stuck upnand oblivious that you dont see what your doing or who your hurtingnyou just care about yourself...i bet your to shallow to look at thendamage that's in the mirror right in front of!Once you figure it outnlet me know and we'll talk till then stay away from me and DorindanmmmK?\"Aqua said and walked away from Chanel to find Dorindanagain. Chanel keptnher head down as she walked back to the rehearsal. -Later That Day- Dorinda wasnin the hotel room while packing more of her things.She had to getnaway from India and everything that reminded her of Chanel.She rippednthe pages out of her scrap book of the ones of just her and Chanel. She felt hernheart wasnt there anymore.After all those promises that Chanel madento her she backed down on them.She was hurt and felt betrayed.Butnmost of her felt relieved because if her and Chanel wont work outnthen maybe she can have a relationship with Gita.Gita is a goodnfriend to Dorinda.She wouldnt hurt her like Chanel did. Dorindansighed as she got her phone from her bag.She fliped it open and sawn15 messages from Spain.She decided it would be good to call Joaquinnand maybe save their friendship. As she dialednthe number she couldnt stop the tears forming from her eyes.Maybe shencould go to Spain and be with Joaquin as friends.She knows Joaquinnloves her. She heard anmale voice pick up.\"Hello Dorinda Is this you?\"Joaquinnasked.Dorinda felt her voice cracked up.She sollowed hard andnbreathed in.\"Yeah...l-listen Joaquin...D-d y-you mind If..If Income over there?\"She asked. Joaquinnsighed over the phone as he heard Dorinda sob.\"Dorinda what'snwrong why are you crying?\"He asked.\"I-I...The Cheetah Girlsnhave broken up...I-I think it's for good this time to...I dont plannon staying here in India because m-me and Chanel broke up..and I-Inmiss you\"Dorinda said as she cried more.Joaquin felt his heartnbreak in two as he heard his friend cry for comfort.\"I miss younto Dorinda...I would love to have you come here...\"Hensaid.Dorinda smiled over the phone.\"T-Thanks..I'll call younlater okay?\"Dorinda said.Joaquin nodded.\"Okay Dorinda justntry and relax okay please dont cry anymore\"Joaquin said andnhunged up.Dorinda closed her phone and rubbed her eyes. She walkednout of the hotel and walked down the halls of the palace. Chanel starednout of the window in her room and watched the sunset. Aqua walkedndown the halls of the palace in another direction. Incould be recognized by the distance Yeah, I could be the biggestnname on the screen Singing and dancing forever Signing my namenfor whoever Yeah, it's all in my reach Yeah Theyncontinued to sing and looked into the future of The Cheetah Girls. IfnI give it all that I got I get there to the top But I don'tneven wanna to go If I have to go there alone So Aquandidnt want The Cheetah Girls to break up. Dorinda andnthe others walked into a room of mirrors and continued to sing. Standnme on top of that mountain Let me, fly to the end of thenworld Yeah, I can go anywhere But if you're not with menthere It'll never be enough There's no place like us There'snno place like us Chanel stared at Dorinda whonwas singing her heart out and at Aqua who was also. IfnI find the other side of the rainbow Will I find that the goldnain't worth any price Cause if we ain't there for each other Thennall I got doesn't matter No it won't be right to Give itnall that I got And get there to the top If you're not up therenwith me There's nothing I wanna see So Dorindanand Chanel stared into eachothers eyes that havent been seen togethernin weeks.Chanel walked over to Dorinda and grabbed her hands. Standnme on top of that mountain Let me, fly to the end of thenworld Yeah, I can go anywhere But if you're not with menthere It'll never be enough There's no place like us There'snno place like us Aqua smiled at her friend whonfinally are getting back together. Chanel staredninto Dorinda's brown eyes that were sparkling. Itndoesn't matter where we are Ornmatter how far Cause even when we go our separate ways We'll benthe place I believe that I can do it But alone I won't getnthrough it We know we gotta stick together Cause no matternwhat There's no place like us No, no, no No place likenus No place like us Chanel couldnt believenthat her friends are forgiving her.She felt so happy inside. Standnme on top of that mountain Let me, fly to the end of the worldn(Fly to the end, end of the world) Yeah, I can go anywheren(Anywhere) But if you're not with me there (With me there) It'llnnever be enough (It'll never be enough) There's no place likenus There's no place like us No place, no where, no way, nonprice I'd pay There's no place like us No where, no way There'snno place like us Chanelncouldnt take it.She pulled Dorinda into her arms and hugged herntightly.\"Oh God Doe Im so sorry really sorry\"Chanel said asnshe let Dorinda cry in her arms. End Of Chapter 6 pleasenread and review! Next Time:Dorinda decidesnto stay until the end of Chanel's movie but they get a big suprise.[Chapter 7] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Chapter 7 Summary:Dorinda and Chanelnhave been a couple sense they got back from Spain but when they go tonIndia Chanel falls in love with Vic and decides to go out withnhim.But what happens when Dorinda catches them kissing?Will She leavenor will she fight to earn Chanel heart back again?She tries to makenChanel jealous by daiting Gita. Songs: Cheetah Love-The CheetahnGirls Dig A Little Deeper-ThenCheetah Girls Dance Me If You Can-ThenCheetah Girls Fly Away-Dorinda(MynVersion) What If-Chanel Im The One-The CheetahnGirls No Place Like us-Chanelnand Dorinda(my version) One World-The CheetahnGirls Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Aqua/Amar Chapter 7:One World(Thisnis the last Chapter) The day afternThe Cheetah Girls got back together Chanel and Dorinda have became ancouple once more. Gita was sonhappy for Dorinda and was happy that Chanel changed her attitude andnbecame a couple with Dorinda. -The Night Chanel andnDorinda got back together- Dorinda andnChanel walked to Dorinda's room.They stood in silence but Chanelnspoke. \"Dorindanis it true about what Aqua said.That your gonna be leaving?\"Chanelnasked.Dorinda nodded.\"Yeah...maybe after the movie I might leavenand go to Spain and see Joaquin\"Doridna said.Chanel gasped.\"Butni thought you guys broke up.\"She said.\"We did Chanel trustnme..but I miss him...and he misses me so i thought I should go seenhim.\"She said. Chanel smilednat her.\"It's cool I understand Doe...I missed you to Dorinda...Inbroke up with Vik a few days ago before The Cheetah Girls got backntogether...I relized how much I love you and I didnt want anything tonhappen between us and The Cheetah Girls...please forgive menDoe.\"Chanel begged. Dorindanhugged Chanel and kissed her on the cheek.\"I dont know if Inforgive you but I would like to get back together with you\"Dorindansaid.Chanel smiled cheekly at her.\"I would to Doe..now why dontnwe go in your room and have a real make up session.\"Chanel saidnwith a hint in her voice.Dorinda smiled at her and grabbed her handnand they walked into her room. The wholennight was filled with moans and cries of Joy. -At The Palace- Aqua sat onnthe balcony of her room in the palace.She was finally happy.Her bestnfriends got back together and she had Amar. \"HellonBeautiful\"Amar said.Aqua smiled at her boyfriend.\"Hey...Ohnguess what The Cheetah Girls are back together now\"Aquansaid.Amar smiled. \"That's great Aqua...Oh I talked to Vikramnhe said that I get to go to Columbia with you and I also discussed itnwith my parents and they were happy for me!\"Amar said excitedly. Aqua squealednhappily and hugged him tightly.\"That's awsome oh my god!\"Aquansaid.Amar picked her up and spun her around.He then took his chance. He put herndown gently and moved closer to her face.Once the gap was closed Amarnleaned down and kissed her.Aqua's heart beated faster as she feltnAmar's tounge inside of her mouth. Their kissednlast a few seconds. After theynpulled away Aqua bit her lip Amar sighed and grabbed Aqua's hand andnthey walked towards the movie set. -The Last scene!:)- The CheetahnGirls found out that they got to be in the movie together becausenthey decided that Gita and Rahim should be the leaders of the movie. \"OKAYnACTION!\"Vikram said. hey yay love always finds a way every single time once wenlearn to trust our heart and look inside, it feels like now,nwe see who we are in a different light we're not so far apartnand anything is possible with all the differences, we'renstronger here now the truth has been discovered, oh yeah afternall we've been through, now it's clear that all of us, we share one world, one love, one all we're a circle together onenworld, one heart, one song now and forever everybodyncelebrate bring on the party, bring on the dance time to letnthe music play the party never ends every guy and every girl stand up and shout, say it loud everyone around the world,ncome on and join in we're gathered here today everythingnis right cause when you give from the heart the things you doncome back to you there to be strong and brave not afraidnto try that's when we see who we are the best of friends andnthat's when with all the differences, we're stronger here now the truth has been discovered, oh yeah after all we'venbeen through, now it's clear we're all, right here, to share one world, one love, one all we're a circle together onenworld, one heart, one song now and forever ooohhhh innever knew that love would find a way to bring together both ofnus now inside, i know it's true cause what we have is meantnto be you let me be the real me together here is where wenbelong one world, one love, one all we're ancircle together one world, one heart, one song now andnforever one world, one love, one all we're a circle together one world, one heart, one song now and forever we're ancircle together now and forever one world And ThenCheetah Girls finally got their wish to become internationalnsuperstars! THAT'S IT GUYS!This is thenlast chapter to this story. I love writing thisnstory!:)Thanks for everyone who review my story! Should this story have ansequel?Yes or no?! Please read and reviewnthank you all! ","Summary":" The Cheetah Girls Summary:A differentnversion of The Cheetah Girls One World. Dorinda and Chanel ha"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"Nikolai Meets Christine Again","Author":"chayar1991","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10769956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nikolai Meeting Christine He walks to the park, now an older man. He is unnoticed by most as he seems \"normal\" or just part of the back ground. He is just the old man feeding the birds. Every once in a while he may be noticed, but usually only by those who believe he is homeless, and even then it's rarely. Most people don't notice him, or think he's not worth noticing. Although, that's fine for him as he prefers it that way. He enjoys the solitude. He practiced for so long to not be noticed, to blend…it's a pleasant relief to be invisible to most, without trying. Every so often he allows himself to be seen, as he is today. He sees a woman slip on the snow covered grate before him, and he goes to help her up. She is so shocked by his materializing out of thin air, it seems, that she initially, instinctively moves away, but only by an imperceptible distance. He clearly sees the alarm in her chocolate brown eyes. \"Are you alright, Miss?\" he asks. She nods, mutters a quick \"thank-you\" as he helps her to rise, and she quickly makes her way gone, off to her destination. He walks back to where he was, the world just perceives an average old man. He sits on the green, rusting bench with seeds in his pocket. He feeds the stormy cloud colored pigeons as he tosses the feed to the white blanketed cobblestones before him. The brisk air bites at his inked fingers, his once freshly inked tattoos now faded behind layers of skin, and time. He takes a breath in and the scents of Christmas, pines, chestnuts, and nutmeg, fill his nose as he waits for the woman, the woman with the golden hair, and bright blue eyes like the clear blue sky on a new day. She gave him hope for humanity then, and continues to today. He shifts in his black Armani, getting nervous. He checks his watch, staring at the tattoos on his well calloused fingers. The tattoos signified danger to her, and signified a responsibility to him, the responsibility to the F.S.B. \"You're in [a] very wrong place, Anna Ivanovna. You belong in there with nice people,\" his once strong and serious voice warned her as she followed him into the dark world of crime. She was filled with fight, as if lit by the very flames that burned the mother's diary. She never stopped fighting until she was sure there would be justice for the young Tatiana. She stood up to Kirill, yelling about what Semyon had done, and followed him to the bay, even after learning what he could do. She moved the F.S.B. Agent Luzhin so much he felt he must tell his handler of Semyon and Tatiana. He felt compelled to her, even when she was gone. Although he knew he shouldn't, he secretly, and covertly, kept tabs on the two ladies, the \"devochka\" and the \"Ivanovna.\" That is how he thought of them, knowing that he was less likely to even possibly disclose who they were if he thought that way of them. But, eventually their communications ceased as it became too dangerous for them. He sent her one last letter, the very reason he was there, that she should meet him on \"her birthday\" in sixteen years. He knew she'd understand. So, unlike so many others, in warm houses with friends and family, he sits waiting as white flecks cover his silver hair, and melt on his, now pink colored, cheeks. He worries about what has held her up. Until, he hears the tapping of heels. He looks up expecting to see his angel; his heart is delighted. He looks up with baited breath only to feel as if he were shot. He does not see his fiery angel walking toward him. Instead, he sees a thin, young woman, barely out of childhood, with green eyes and flowing light brown hair, walking towards him. Her ruby coat catches on a railing, and he rises to help her. He recognized the green in her eyes to be that of \"Christine.\" She looks so much like her mother, Tatiana, the woman who became his first lie to Anna, or rather his knowledge of her. His heart is pained thinking of the lies. \"Hello,\" she says in a light tone. Her sweet voice discloses that she did indeed grow up in the Scottish countryside, as he hoped. His grey eyes look her over, and while she is a bit thin for his liking, overall she looks well, although he knows all too well how scars can be hidden behind a good façade, and a well buttoned shirt. \"Privet\" he replies, trying to decipher what she knows. She smiles. It reminds him of his Anna so much. \"I know who you are, and who I am. Would you like to take a walk with me? Or would you rather give me a ride, 'driver'?\" she asks, full of her mother's spunk, that is the spunk of the only mother she has ever known. \"A walk, car is in shop,\" he replies, a wicked smile growing on his nearly frost bitten face. \"Da,\" she says as her smooth hands take his well-worn right, and places it against her velvet clad arm. \"Where is your mother? Surely, she wouldn't allow you to travel alone…\" he asks, his voice cut-off by the building fear that she is gone from this plane. \"She is in the hotel room. It was too cold for her this mornin'. So, I came instead. I figured you'd wanna see her. We're at the Marriott on King's Ave, room 127. Is it true what she says of you?\" she asks with timid wonder. \"Da, I was Vory V Zakone,\" he replies casually, almost as if he were saying something as innocuous as \"Yes, the sky is blue.\" A smile creeps onto her face, while she looks at him with disappointed eyes. She sighs knowing she'll have to do this the hard way. \"That's not what I meant.\" She whispers, hoping she won't have to spell it out for him. \"Then what do you mean, little girl? I am an old man, and do not have time for games,\" he says with the same harsh tone that he once spoke in, on the subject of slaves to Anna. She just smiles and shakes her head, chuckling as a response, and then strongly utters the initials \"F.S.B.\" He looks to her in shock, and immediately places on his metaphorical mask of stone. He looks at her, now trying to figure out who and what she is, behind the pretty face of a sixteen year old girl.[Chapter 2] Okay peoples, so originally this was all I had written for the piece. It was actually an assignment for a class I had, but...given the responses (AND if you didn't review PLEASE DO! They're like the air I breathe!) I have been thinking on writing a second chapter at least, but I would like your ideas...what would you as the reader like to see? Anna and Nikolai seeing each other? What about more about Christine? Anything on Stupen or Anna's mother? What about Anna's life post the move to Edinburgh? Tell me your thoughts people. I'd love to read them. -Chaya[Chapter 3] \"How is your mother?\" Nikolai asks, ever curious of \"his\" Anna's life. Did she hate him? Did she understand what he did for her, and why he did it? Did she too know about what he really was? Was she happy? That was his greatest question of all. Her happiness. Was she truly happy or just content? Did she miss him like he did her? Or did he truly fade into the back ground as he hoped he would for hers and her family's safety? Was she still \"his\" Anna? The brilliant, stubborn, and determined Anna? Or was she no longer his by way of ring or change of self? All of these questions flew through his mind as his ears were filled with the tapping of her shoes and the silence of her voice. She finally, after the few agonizing moments passed while she gathered her thoughts, responded. \"She's good, I mean there's always this kind of longing look in her eyes whenever I asked about my father, for a while she told me it was you…\" He was shocked that she told the girl this. He always mused over it in the late hours of the night when no one could see, but he always thought she would just tell the girl that she adopted her alone, giving him no credence. \"Eventually, she did tell me the truth of it all. I found the diary last year and connected the dots. She kept your letters by the way. Every one of them, tied together and put in her secret box, underneath the wobbly floorboard in her bedroom. I think she wanted you to be my father though, my papa. You know? Like how she's my mom. She never got with anyone. I mean she went on a date every so often, but none of them panned out. She loves Russian music, plays it all over the house. It's one of the few times I see her with a genuine smile on her face. She'll be drinking tea, listening to Russian music and reading a \"letter from a friend from long ago.\" She thinks I don't notice, but I do. She works at the hospital. NICU and Birthing unit. She has some friends there. Oh, don't ask about my grandmother, or Uncle Stepan. They died about a year and a half ago. Car accident. We buried them within a week of each other. That is the only time I've ever really seen her depressed. So, we're here.\" She says as the two arrive at the hotel. \"It took a lot to get her to actually come here. Hurt her, and you'll have to deal with me. You may be this big, scary, Russian dude, but I am the most terrifying thing on Earth. I'm a teenager, and I can promise you that if you hurt her there won't be a single second of your remaining days, however little they may be, that you don't regret ever even meeting me.\" She says with a smile as she slides in the key card and opens the door. The two walk into the small, two person room. It looks like a standard hotel room. Two singles, red comforters on each, made to the nines. Matching curtains and rug. A small, lit bathroom whose light illuminates the entrance area of the room as the door was left open. A television on, the two walk in to see Anna asleep on the bed. Her normally better done hair splayed on the pillow, her light pink lips gently left open as her chest gently rises and falls. While Christine had seen her mother grow ever older as the days passed to Nikolai she looked as immaculate as ever. The young woman took off her snow-coated shoes and padded over to her mother. She gently shook her shoulder. \"Mom, it's Christine. It's time to wake up. I brought your friend here.\" She said softly. Anna's bright blue eyes opened sheepishly as she turned to look on her daughter's face. \"Hmm?\" She asked groggily. \"I brought your friend here.\" Her daughter replied as she redirected her mother's attention by pointing to the silver haired man, who silently stood with his hands behind his back and a gentle, gracious smile on his face, waiting for his angel to fully wake and acknowledge his being there. She finally did turn her attention to him. An immediate smile grew on her face as she got out of bed and made her way to him. He saw the light in her eyes like a thousand stars before him. \"Hello Nikolai. I've missed you.\" That's all she said. That's all it took. He was hooked on the honey in her voice, the fire in her eyes….all that she was. She walked close enough for him to feel her warmth. She just stood there for a second. An agonizing second. A torturous second. A frozen second to take it all in before she hugged him. There they stood holding each other, just as they did on that New Year's night, all those years ago. ","Summary":" Nikolai Meeting Christine He walks to the park, now an older man. He is unnoticed by most as he see"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"My wish","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12024264","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, long time no see. Remember reviews are always welcomed :) The story is named after Rascal Flatts' song - My wish Being awake for the whole day and night could be annoying sometimes. It could get very easy to get bored at night, when the others were sleeping, but Chappie learned how to make himself busy. Right now it wasn't so bad. He was the only one awake, but watching Deon with Vincent sleeping next to each other was quite entertaining for him. Even though they were sometimes making unhappy noises and trying to get more comfortable while leaning on each other, they seemed happy in their shared presence. Chappie was used to sleep next to Deon, and it became clear to him that Deon longed for presence of someone else when sleeping. Chappie was always there to help. He had few chances to see Vincent sleep and started to have suspicions that the Australian suffered from the same problem. Humans visibly didn't want to be lonely, even when they were sleeping. That was understandable. Chappie took with him the book that he got today and started to read. He will learn something new. Time by time he looked up from the book to check on Deon with Vincent. Not that they needed to be looked over, but Chappie was glad to see they had a calm sleep. He started to talk with Epsilon through link. It was a good feeling to have someone who was awake just like him all day and night, so he had someone to talk to. Nights were not so lonely anymore. They tend a lot to have long conversations and forget about time, so night was perfect for such activity. In the beginning, their communication was far more formal, but as time went, it was more friendly and open. Epsilon was born with more developed mind than Chappie, but he was still learning. And other Scout was more than happy to teach him. He noticed that the blanket slipped off Vincent, so he took it gently put it back. Was this his task? Watching over humans and protect them? If so, he didn't mind. He smiled again. Seeing those two so comfortable and happy sleeping next to each other was soothing his soul. Then he got an idea to tell Epsilon to come over here. Also, it would be good to take a look whether mommy and Ninja are okay. The recent experience with Hippo left him paranoid. Epsilon did as he was told to and then appeared in Vincent's house, as silent as possible for a Scout. He joined Chappie, who pointed at two sleeping men and other Scout moved his ears curiously. He sat down next to Chappie, but didn't want to wake anyone up, so he asked through a com link. \"What is so interesting here?\" \"Look at them. Humans are fascinating, aren't they?\" Epsilon looked back. \"They are resting, what is so fascinating about that?\" Chappie chuckled lightly. \"You still have a lot to learn about humans.\" Deon woke up into new day. He looked up slowly, realizing he is not home. Did they fell asleep yesterday? Deon slowly turned to see Vincent leaning on him, still sleeping. They really fell asleep. In that case, who turned off the TV? He looked back at Vincent, who actually looked very happy in his current state. Deon did his best to move slowly and quietly, so he managed to get off couch and not wake Vincent. The truth was he looked much better than yesterday. Deon then noticed Chappie with Epsilon, who were waving at him from the kitchen. Deon smiled for himself, understanding. Before he left the room, he took the blanket and covered Vincent. They will let him sleep for a while. Deon joined the Scouts and whispered. \"What are you doing here? And, how long are you here?\" \"Just wanted to check on you. Is Vincent feeling better? \"I hope so, but don't wake him up, he's still sleeping. So, how was your day out?\" Deon curiously asked Chappie and Scout took his backpack, taking out the book. \"I got new book. We also met someone, but we'll tell you all later.\" Deon's ears moved curiously, but he didn't ask. When Chappie said they would get to know, he knew they would. There was a deep yawn and they all looked at Vincent, who was rubbing his face and looking at them. \"What are you all doing in my house? Again?\" \"Good morning, you feel better?\" Chappie didn't bother to answer and asked the question. Vincent was actually happy for the care he was getting, but that didn't stop him from being grumpy after being awaken. Yawn escaped him. \"I guess.\" Chappie with Epsilon went to have a look on some books, because Deon told them to. It was his way of showing that he respects Vincent's need to have a peaceful moment in the morning. When Vincent returned from bathroom, after a refreshing shower, he noticed Deon was that nice and made him tea. Vincent gratefully sat next to his friend and took a sip. \"Thank you. I guess we kinda fell asleep yesterday, huh?\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah. Well, how are you feeling?\" \"Much better.\" He drank the tea again and smiled. \"I'm glad to see you feel better. We need you. Like, you know, in TetraVaal.\" Before Deon could get too lost in his own words, Vincent put hand on his metallic shoulder. \"Deon, I wanted to thank you, for taking care of me.\" \"Ah, that's okay, Vince. Um… sorry, I didn't want to…\" Vincent smiled. \"That's fine, you can call me like that.\" \"Really? Michelle is the only one who calls you like that.\" \"You achieved the approval, mainly for taking care of me.\" Deon looked into Vincent's eyes, feeling a little pride. It was actually a big achievement to hear such a thing from Vincent, since it was so hard to gain his respect on the first place. Deon was so happy to know he has a friend that he can always count on. \"Thanks, Vince.\" The Australian gave him a dear smile and took the tea, walking away. They won't have another day off, it was time to get back to work. Deon stayed on the place, thinking. Chappie with Epsilon will be more than capable to help Vincent with sorting out of their today work. Meanwhile, Deon got lost in his mind, like many other times, but this was a little bit different. He was on the place of his mind that he didn't access very often. Words appeared out of nowhere, as he remembered the moment with his brother and what they were talking about. Even if I ever would, he wouldn't want me. Nobody would, not like this. He got back to reality, realizing what he was thinking about made him flinch. No… Deon looked at his metallic hands, the facts sinking in again. This was his life now, and these thoughts were forbidden territory for him. He didn't think of such things for a long time. Maybe it was the visit of his family, that activated such thoughts and feelings again. He tried to isolate his feelings since the day he became robot, because he knew they would just haunt him and bring him pain. Just like now. Deon rubbed his arms, trying to push those feelings away, lock them, so they can't annoy him ever again. This was something he never told Chappie or anyone else. He didn't want his son to suffer. If Chappie gets to know, he is going to blame himself even more and get even more depressed. He couldn't do anything for Deon, not in this way. No one could. He had to be strong and keep it in his own heart, dealing with the pain alone. Because yes, how could anyone ever love him? \"Deooon, we gotta go. Come on.\" Chappie came out of nowhere, tapped him on shoulder and ran back to Epsilon and Vincent, who were waiting. Scouts went outside, while Vincent waited for Deon. \"You okay? Seems like you got a little lost again, huh?\" Deon shook head. \"I'm fine.\" \"Well, move you, slowpoke.\" Vincent finally left the house and Deon felt like he just took a deep breath to keep himself steady and strong. Don't fall in love with me. Vincent's words flew through his mind, just to make it clear. He had to remember that. Still, god damn it, it would be so much easier if Vincent was not so nice to him. Michelle was sitting in the police office, as she checked the watch once again. This was taking forever. Yet another reason, why she never really liked to deal with formal police activities. It will be so much better when she is back at her own office, making money, of course. Still, why did they call her here? Scouts were doing their job just fine, at least that's what she was told, did something big happen? When the police chief finally came, he threw a bunch of paper folders on table, sat on the chair and frowned deeply. \"Glad to see you made some time to visit us, Miss Bradley.\" \"Did something important happen? You don't call me here everyday.\" The black man nodded. \"Yes, I believe you are a very busy lady at your company. First, I want to assure you that Scouts are doing excellent job. They are even better than before that blackout.\" Michelle raised an eyebrow. \"So, what is the problem?\" \"The fact is, they may not be enough. We don't want to spread a panic over the city, but we have suspicions that some big and bad things might happen next days. It's not fully confirmed and maybe nothing will happen, but I want to ask. Do you have something that might offer a bigger firepower than Scouts?\" The woman sighed deeply. \"I don't want to be rude, but we offered you Moose before. The walking tank, do you remember? You didn't want it.\" \"Well, times and situation changes. By any means, do you still have it?\" Michelle put on a business face. The face that belonged to the CEO of TetraVaal. \"I think you should come with me to TetraVaal, so we can have a little discussion.\" - Chappie run over the hallways of TetraVaal, trying to find his Maker. It was finally done! Now he just needed to find Deon and show him. It didn't really take long, before he saw the orange finish and called out. \"Deon, come, I have somethin' wonderful for you and mommy!\" Chappie gathered them all in the room, while typing something on the keyboard and taking out few things. Others were curiously watching him, while Epsilon was always there to lend a helping hand. When it was done, Scout came to Deon, Chappie took him by hand gently and made him sit down next to computers. \"You know, I finally found a way how to gain smell as a robot. You will be able to smell scents again, I just need to test it first.\" Deon's long ears rose in joy. \"Really? Chappie, that's amazing!\" \"I know it's not that hard to make it happen, but I didn't work on any upgrades for some time, so…\" Deon took his child's hand. \"No, no, it's okay. Don't blame yourself. Work how it suits you.\" \"Ja. So, first I need to give you these sensors.\" Deon stayed in place and let Chappie do the work. Vincent came closer and leaned on the table, watching. This was quite interesting to see. Deon tried to stay calm. He came through a similar action few times, when Chappie was playing with settings of his body, but he was still nervous. He trusted him, but his child liked to experiment a lot, so Deon never knew what to expect. When Chappie was finally done, he sat in front of Deon. \"Now we just need something to test it on.\" Vincent snapped fingers. \"Give me a sec.\" They watched the Australian leave the room and older man quickly returned with something behind his back. He sat next to Chappie. \"Close eyes Deon, or turn them off, you know what I mean.\" His friend did as he was told and Chappie curiously studied object in Vincent's hand. It was a can, what was so special about it? Vincent opened it and then put it into Deon's hands. \"Try it out.\" Chappie eagerly watched Deon as he put the can to his head, visibly trying to sense a scent. \"I know this… So…\" Deon turned on his eyes and then looked at Chappie. \"You did it!\" Deon started to sniff the can again and Chappie watched him, full of joy and maybe even some pride. He looked at Vincent who put hand on his shoulder. \"Good job, boy.\" \"Vincent, you really went to get me Red Bull?\" \"Why not? I was sure you would recognize that.\" They watched Deon as he continued sniffing the can and making noises of pure bliss. \"It smells just like when I was a human.\" Chappie didn't really know how to respond to this, he was just sure that he now knows the sensors work and he will upgrade himself and mommy. He already wondered what it's like to smell things. His thinking process was stopped by Michelle, who stormed into the room. \"Everyone, go somewhere else. The police officer is here!\" That was a straight command, so they all got up and were about to leave. They didn't really need to explain everything to officer, or be seen. Vincent wanted to follow others, when Michelle grabbed him by arm. \"Not you, Vince. You're coming with me.\" Australian gave her an unsure look, was he finally getting arrested? He followed their boss and soon found himself shaking hands with the officer and seated on chair, next to Michelle. He was uncomfortably reminded of all those times when they were trying to promote Moose, just to be declined. He tried to keep his feelings in, wondering what the police officer wanted from them. Meanwhile, Deon with Yolandi sat by Chappie's side, which already prepared the com link, so they can hear the conversation. This had to be important. Then Michelle started talking. \"Mr. Moore is the main person behind the Moose project. All questions direct at him.\" Vincent gave her almost shocked look, because this was the last thing that came to his mind. He then turned to officer, who simply nodded. Chappie and others also shared a confused look. \"I know you had quite a bad luck with police, when it came to your program, Mr. Moore.\" Vincent frowned deeply, holding it all in. \"But let's forget about the past. The thing is, we might need your help.\" \"If I remember correctly, your man told me that things would need to get much worse, to even consider my robot. So, how bad is it?\" The other man took a deep breath. \"It's not bad yet, but we are afraid it will get ugly. We will give you all info you need. I just need to know, if we really need it, can you support us with something bigger than Scouts?\" Vincent took a while before answering, looking at Michelle and then back at other man. This was all he wanted back then. If this happened before, he would say yes immediately, but right now he was thinking about all possibilities. In the end, he agreed. When the policeman left, Vincent dragged Deon with him to the place where the Moose was kept. Because of this request, they needed to finish this project as fast as possible. Deon was quite surprised by police chief's request. He was actually happy for Vincent, he finally will get his success, after so much time. He was also glad to be part of that success. At least Vincent won't have a reason to try to kill him again. He really had to stop with such black humor. The machine itself was constructed, they just needed to finish the programming and be sure everything is okay. Moose looked different now. Deon got used to call this machine as \"she\", because Vincent was doing so. The colors were different. They chose white and blue this time. The shape didn't change that much, but there were minor changes. It was suggested by Yolandi, they could make Moose look more appealing, removing the old color scheme and making the build better looking. Desert camouflage was useless in the city after all. No one said this aloud, but they were in fact trying to make this machine look as much different from the first one as they could. No one had good memories on the original version. For Chappie and others, the memories were painful. For Vincent, it was symbol of his failed attempts and dreams. They had to do better this time. They stayed until the work was done, and when it finally happened, Vincent took a deep satisfying deep breath. It was done. Deon also relaxed, everything was ready now. He leaned his back on Vincent's one and Australian let him, smiling. They were actually quite a good team. Just as the officer promised, the data with info came that day. It was however decided to look at it next day, so they can settle down their thoughts. Michelle was rather surprised by Vincent's reaction, expecting him to be more eager and happy about the news. The man was rather silent, so that meant he was thinking. She wanted him to be in better mood. Why were men so ungrateful? He got what he wanted all that time. They all had something to think about, because it looked like there are problems ahead. If they really need something as big as Moose, they should keep their eyes open and be ready for anything. Those weren't very good news to hear. None of them was happy about it. The city could become a danger zone any day and they didn't know how to stop that possibility. It will be better to rest for today, because they felt like the war is waiting for them. Vincent stayed in the room where they were preparing Moose and kept staring at the robot. Why was he hesitating so much about this? The past was gone, he couldn't do anything about it. He promised himself such mistake will never happen again. Vincent was joined by Deon, who sat next to him. \"I thought you will be happier, when your project finally gets a chance to shine. Your dream came true, you should be happy.\" \"I know, but I just can't forget what happened back then. Maybe I'm scared something similar could happen again.\" Deon nodded, understanding. \"I'll be fine. Remember, this time you don't have a reason to kill anyone of us.\" Vincent just chuckled. \"Still, I'm happy for you, you finally got your success.\" \"You helped me a lot, all of you. But… thanks.\" \"Let's hope it will turn out better than the last time. Still, what about a little celebration?\" They heard as door opened and Chappie appeared in the room. \"Good idea.\" \"Yes, go and celebrate as long as you don't use my money for it.\" Michelle appeared right behind the Scout. Deon and Vincent looked at each other and Deon lowered his ears. \"So, where do we go, my home, or yours?\" In the end they decided for Deon's home, but Chappie didn't join them right away. He rather wanted to install the sensors for Yolandi and himself. When he was finished, Yolandi thanked him gratefully and it made him feel much better. The only thing that was making him happy these days was happiness of those he cared about. Yolandi went downstairs to the others, but he himself stayed in his room, sitting on the bed. Chelsea was happily sniffing her cage and even decided to drink. Bunnies had a very easy life. He was soon joined by Deon, who sat next to him. \"You know, the others are having fun. You should come down.\" Chappie just nodded, moving his ears, but didn't say anything. That wasn't really a good sign. \"Is something bothering you?\" Chappie looked at his maker. \"How do the sensors work?\" \"They're great. You did such an amazing job.\" Deon knew Chappie smiled at him, but he also felt his child's worries. He pulled him close and let him lean on chest. \"Chappie, what's wrong?\" \"I wish I could do more for you. I find it rather crazy and sad to think that you gave me life, when you were still in human body, then you go the same body as me and now I am trying to make you more human. So I'm trying to return what you lost and reverse the process.\" Deon's ears lowered, he knew exactly what Chappie means. \"I also wish I would never stop being a human Chappie, but-\" \"You never stopped to be one. You are still human, Deon, just your body is different. Body is only temporary; it isn't necessary thing, to be a human.\" Deon blinked, thinking about it and suddenly a question appeared in his mind. \"Do you think of yourself as human?\" Chappie shrugged his metallic shoulders, putting head on his maker's chest. \"I don't know. You are a human, because you were born as one. I don't know what I am…\" Deon looked at window, seeing the sunset that was making his orange finish glow. He never thought about this. Chappie was right to ask this. He was not human, he was too intelligent for that, he was born in totally different way. He wasn't just a machine either. The closest thing that Deon could think of was Chappie being a soul that was very close to human, but it was living in a mechanical body. Suddenly he realized he didn't even know what he created. The next question could be what is the meaning in life, when they were having such conversation. What was he even supposed to say? The man looked at blue Scout that was now rather happily leaning on his body, with head resting on his chest. He was like a small child that was tired after the whole day of playing and now wanted to just rest in the presence of his parent. He didn't remember when he saw Chappie so peaceful for the last time. After what happened, Chappie was depressed, sad or even running away from them all, trying to hide. Deon didn't remember, when he actually came to Deon and wanted to rest next to him, just like before. Deon remembered on those first days and weeks that he spent with Chappie and realized how things changed. He just wished some things happened differently. Chappie grew up so much, he was not that innocent child anymore, but it took its price. Right now, he was not depressed or sad, he was just tired, wanting a moment of rest. Deon didn't know what he created, he couldn't find right words for it. The only thing that was clear to him was that Chappie was his child and it didn't matter if he was human or not. They will try to find the answer, but it won't be easy. Chappie moved a little and his maker looked at him again, stopping his thinking process. It almost looked like he was sleeping, something that he was not capable of. Oh, how the things have changed. In the beginning, it was Deon who was always seeking comfort and help from his son. He couldn't even sleep without him being close; he was waking up with nightmares. Chappie was always there to hold his hand, protect him and helping him to not go crazy from all the stress. He could never tell how thankful he was to Chappie for everything. He wouldn't survive a day as a robot, without his loving child. Now it was Chappie, who was seeking comfort and help, feeling like he would get lost in the darkness of his mind, as there was no one to get him the light. Deon sighed, realizing he maybe finally calmed down. His family knew what happened, things got settled over here, and maybe he finally was in peace with his situation. Not entirely, but he didn't fall to his knees like before, when a problem appeared. He finally felt confident enough to take care of his child and stay strong. He just thanked heavens, that he was not alone for this task. Speaking of heavens, he noticed Vincent entering the room and looking at them curiously. Australian blinked, wondering what Chappie was doing and it almost looked like he was sleeping. He knew that's not the case, but it looked it. \"What's he doing?\" Deon shrugged. \"Don't know, maybe he put himself into some resting mode. I know he can't sleep like me, but I know he tries to rest like me.\" Vincent just smiled and then yawned deeply and without asking sat on the bed next to Deon. The older man clearly didn't care about Deon's approval and just leaned on orange metal back. \"Eh, excuse me, but you are in my personal space right now.\" \"Oh, that's horrible, mate. And I'm afraid I won't do anythin' about it.\" Deon's ears rose, showing he is not amused. \"Oh, really… So, let me do something about it!\" He used one arm to pull Vincent down from the bed and fall on the floor. Deon was also very happy with how he managed to control his strength. \"Stupid Australian…\" \"This is how you treat guests?!\" \"You're not my guest.\" Vincent frowned and got back on the bed. \"You can be here, just because I allow it.\" \"You can be such a jerk.\" Vincent leaned back on Deon's back and sighed. Deon smiled for himself. \"I learned from the best…\" Vincent just smirked and relaxed, but then Deon asked him something. \"Vincent, if Chappie asks you what he is, what would you answer?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I just find it ridiculous that I gave him life, but I can't answer him what he is. He knows he is not a human, but he is not just a program. What would you tell him?\" Vincent remembered on the day when he and Chappie had that conversation about God. Back then, it was hard for him to even admit Chappie is a living being. This changed a lot, but when he thought about it, he didn't have answer for Deon's question. Before this big madness began, Vincent would say there is no difference between Chappie and toaster. It's so clear to him, how stupid he was to think in such way, but that didn't change the fact, he couldn't find any right words for Deon. \"Well, how do sensors work?\" \"Pretty well, I even smell you.\" Vincent snorted in annoyance. \"Let me guess, you will say I should get a bath, as I stink so much that the paint on the walls is cracking. Just like Michelle.\" \"No, I was not gonna say that. You smell kinda nice.\" Australian looked at his friend, surprised. Then he simply smiled, glad not everyone is telling him the same rude things. They both forgot about Chappie's presence, even when he was so close. They started to act like he was sleeping, talking about him like he was in the realm of dreams. Chappie wished that was true, but he couldn't sleep. Still, he managed to get rest and but himself into some relaxing state, but that didn't change a fact he heard everything they said. However, he was not going to confess to that. Michelle was standing on the balcony. The night came and her phone rang. More and more she was thinking about the fact, how little time she spends with her own husband. Why was she even getting married in the first place when all she does is work? She looked up to the stars, thinking if she shouldn't do something about her life at this point? Her husband was always very tolerant when it came to her career and she didn't see anything bad about it. However, since she started to spend so much time with this group of people, it was attacking on her look at life. Sometimes she started to wonder if she should also spend more time with her own family. She accepted the call and started to talk. In the end she realized she should go home, and maybe, maybe, it was time for her husband to get to know people she was working with all day. Then there was a voice. \"Miss, do you need something?\" \"Oh, no, no Epsilon, I'm fine. You are very nice to ask, but everything is all right.\" Scout just nodded and returned inside. The first thing he noticed was Dexter. The small robot was trying to get behind couch and clean the place. Epsilon saw this many times and he got used to just walk to smaller robot and help him. \"Want a help?\" Dexter looked at him. \"Yes, please. It's so dirty there, I must clean it!\" Epsilon showed some mercy to other robot and took the couch. He raised it very carefully to not damage anything. Dexter cleaned to place quickly but effectively and then gave Epsilon signal to put the furniture down. \"Thank you, this place is always so messy. I don't know what they would be doing without me!\" \"They would be hopeless.\" \"Yes! Now, excuse me, I have to take care of some other dirt!\" Epsilon let the smaller robot go his way. It was kind of amusing to see Dexter always so fierce about his job, even if it was just cleaning. He himself had other things to do. It was night, so his duties began. When he came downstairs and saw Yolandi with Ninja sleeping on the couch, he took the blanket and covered them gently. Looks like this will be another long night. He came across Dexter again, when he was just about to take a break. Even cleaning robots needed rest. He wanted to check on Chelsea to see if she has enough food and water. The rabbit was in Chappie's room and the other Scout was waiting for him. They cleaned up her cage and gave her a good rub for good sleep. Epsilon saw that Deon with Vincent were already asleep and Chappie took care of them, so there was no need for his contribution. Both Scouts went on balcony to look at stars. When they looked down on the garden, they could also see a frog that was sitting on place. Looks like this animal will stay with them for eternity. It just doesn't want to go away. Chappie looked at the side to see a long street and some unfamiliar sound appeared. The world could be one scary place. He just wondered what would they get to know tomorrow, what actually awaits them? \"Long night.\" \"As always.\" Epsilon agreed \"You know, I wanted to talk about somethin' with you.\" Chappie turned to look at other Scout. \"It's something that I discovered, when we were in England. Since we met with Deon's family there, I was wondering, if Deon has a brother, are we also brothers? We have the same maker.\" Violet ears rose in curiosity. \"I guess that is possible… Well, at least we have something to think about for this night.\" \"Ja.\" \"But we're not humans or any other biological being.\" Chappie shook his head. \"I don't think that's a problem. We are sentient, that's enough. We don't need to ask humans for permission. I like the idea of having a brother, so we are not just two Scouts, but something more.\" \"There is many of us, why me?\" Chappie playfully leaned on other Scout. \"Because you are here to watch over me. That's why you're here, not to fight criminals like others.\" Epsilon just nodded, understanding. Sometimes he was wondering what the real purpose for being on this world was. He was pretty sure that someone else would be capable to take care of Scout network and help on many daily occasions. Sometimes he just had to be reminded his real purpose was different. Sometimes he wondered why his memory was not filled with data that would tell him what happened before he came to this world. Deon for some reason decided to not give him this knowledge and he knew very well his creation wouldn't disobey him and look for himself. No one told him anything, he only heard and saw small hints, but no one wanted to reveal the whole truth to him. He was told he is here to help, but he never really understood why he is helping. What happened that he had to be here? Deon didn't want him to know, maybe because he was afraid he would have same problems as others. He asked his maker few times, if they let him know one day. The answer was a simple sentence. Maybe, when you are older. Looks like he just had to be patient. That was not a problem. Chappie rested on his side and looked up to the sky. \"Nights aren't so lonely anymore, when I have someone like you by my side, someone who doesn't sleep, just like me.\" Epsilon nodded and smiled in their Scout way. \"I do what I can.\" ","Summary":" Hey guys, long time no see. Remember reviews are always welcomed :) The story is named after Rascal"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Anywhere for you - Part 4","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11859870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, welcome to the last part of this story arc. Comments are always welcomed :) Deon wasn't sure how to feel this night. Neither Cade nor Vincent wanted to sleep in one room, that was understandable, but also uncomfortable. Deon stayed with his brother and they were staring at each other for a very long time before trying to get asleep. Deon murmured he is sorry, but Cade just sighed and turned the light off. He needed to think about all of this and maybe it will get better when he wakes up in the morning. Chappie was with Vincent, who slept in Deon's room. Well, he tried to sleep. Robot was sitting next to him, silent, but always ready to answer. Vincent rather felt like he doesn't even want to look at Chappie, because the child was reminding him of what he has done. It was right thing for Deon to come here, but he himself should stay in Africa. He should never come here. It could be so great if there was just a way to disappear. None of the wounds and scars he got, when Chappie beat him, hurt so much as all those regrets he was having right now. Chappie was watching him, hearing quiet sobs that Vincent was trying to hide from him. This situation never came before and suddenly Chappie realized he is not the only one who has to fight his inner demons. Vincent was suffering, just like him. That was proof there was good in him, he regretted what he has done, but couldn't forgive himself. They were so similar to each other at this moment. Chappie leaned slowly to man and took one of the hands gently. Vincent returned the grip, slowly and hesitantly. He never thought about this before, but Chappie was everything he would ever want from his own child, but he knew he hadn't any right to beg. He was thankful to Chappie, for giving him a chance and respecting him, but he was Deon's child. Vincent could never even dare to ask, whether he could treat Chappie as his child. In fact, Deon's whole family was a forbidden territory for him. The morning was unwelcome; Vincent really didn't want to get up. The echoes of the evening were still very strong. He was actually surprised to see Chappie welcoming him into new day. They all met at breakfast and Vincent was trying to stay silent and avoid Cade's unpleasant look. He really felt like he should leave, but Deon made up his mind last night, begging him to stay. He was also told by Deon to try and behave normally. Cade may be angry and upset right now, but even he won't start a fight in front of everyone. Neither he nor his brother wanted to let their parents know. After the breakfast, Ninja went out to smoke, while the other men and Chappie followed Bruce. Since they were going to stay for few days only, Bruce wanted to spend time reasonably. Chappie was very curious and if Bruce remembered right, he was told that Chappie likes books. He just hoped he remembers that right, because the first day of their arrival was kind of hectic and there was a lot of info to take in. Nevertheless, he took them all into library. When the room was entered, Chappie's ears rose in wonder and he started to look around. It took one gaze, before he turned to back to others. \"It's like in our home, you and Deon sort books the same way.\" Bruce chuckled. \"And that's a good thing?\" \"Well, it could be improved by some ideas and-\" Deon decided to stop his child by putting hand on his head. \"Okay, Chappie, I think we all get what you mean.\" \"Deon, if he has some good ideas, let him do it.\" Bruce smiled gently and his son turned to him. \"You don't know him, after he is finished, this place will look like Area 51, not library.\" Bruce just shook head and put hand on Chappie's shoulder. \"Go and look, maybe you will find something interesting.\" His grandson didn't hesitate for a single second and started to check out what was offered to him. Bruce asked politely. \"Your other friend isn't going to join us?\" \"Ninja doesn't like to read.\" Deon made a sound of sigh even when he didn't have lungs anymore. Then he noticed Vincent, who didn't seem comfortable with standing next to Cade. They were both silent, and before it could get worse, Deon grabbed the Australian by hand and pulled him closer. \"But Vincent loves to read, don't you?\" The older man smiled slightly, trying to look calmer. \"Sure.\" \"Why don't you show him some books you have here, he would be interested.\" \"Of course.\" Bruce turned to bookshelves. \"So, what would you like?\" Meanwhile, Avani was sitting with Michelle and Yolandi in the living room. They started to talk about their personal lives and Avani was very curious what kind of people surround Deon these days. Of course they had to talk about children and family at one point. \"I don't have children myself. I am more a business type of woman.\" Michelle sipped her tea, thinking about the subject. \"I also didn't have any children until Chappie was born.\" Avani moved spoon in her cup. \"How did that even happen he takes you as his mother?\" Yolandi smiled, diving into her memories. \"I was there when he was born. I sorta took care of him in his first days. I wanted him to call me as mommy when we were teachin' him how to talk, since then he calls me like that. We both got attached to each other. Still, I must admit we could treat Deon better back then…\" Avani clearly didn't need any more explanation. She was glad Yolandi is honest, but there was no need for more words. \"Chappie is a lot like Deon, isn't he?\" Yolandi and Michelle nodded. \"He is mostly like Deon, but he also has a lot from Yolandi. I just pray to god he won't decide one day to be like Ninja or Vincent.\" Michelle folded arms on her chest, not liking that idea. \"I taught him some basic stuff, like being himself. Deon was always more strict to him. I wouldn't trade Chappie for anythin', he is the sweetest child that I could ever have. He always asks whether we need somethin', how he can help us. I just feel sorry he still feels guilty.\" \"Guilty? He saved you.\" Yolandi understood this could sound absurd to someone who wasn't with them for past few months. \"Ja, he did, but he still thinks he could things better. He is glad we can live forever like this, but he knows we also suffer, because we lost our human bodies. It wasn't his fault.\" She clearly left out the fact that Vincent was the one who shot her. Even though she didn't have memory of that moment, it was still him. \"This may not sound nice, but it always seemed to me he likes to punish himself too much for his own mistakes, just like Deon.\" Michelle didn't really know if that was right thing to say and was rather surprised to see Avani nod. \"He was always like this, since he was a child, I just hoped he will stop this way of thinking. You should scold him every time he doest that, or rather both of them do that.\" \"I'll remember those words.\" Michelle chuckled. Deon with Cade decided to leave the others in the library and go upstairs Cade's room. They needed to have a little talk; it couldn't go on like this until the day they leave. Deon hated the fact he is home again, but instead of happiness there was very thick atmosphere between him and his brother. \"Cade… Give him a chance, please.\" \"Why did you forgive him? What did he do so great?\" \"That's a long story, but trust me, he deserved it.\" \"What if he does something like that again? Did you think of it? Am I supposed to give him another chance…?\" He moved close to his brother. \"Just so he can hurt you again?\" He put hand on Deon's metal shoulder. \"I don't want to lose you.\" Deon understood. He was sure Cade was paranoid, just because he wanted to protect him, but the fact was, he wasn't with him for past few months. That wasn't his brother's fault, it was just a fact. Cade loved him, he had every right to be worried. For him, Vincent was just a stranger who ruined his brother's life. For Deon, Vincent was a friend. Someone who hurt him so much, but redeemed himself. How could Cade see it? \"I know…\" Cade shook head, small tears in his eyes and pulled Deon close. \"You just mean too much to me, I can't bear the thought of losing you again.\" \"Do you want me to be happy?\" \"Of course!\" Cade realized he raised his voice too much and sobbed. \"Sorry…\" \"If you want me to be happy, give Vincent a chance, please. He risked his own life to save me, Cade. He isn't dangerous anymore.\" Younger brother rubbed his nose. \"And what if you are wrong?\" Deon chuckled. \"Then you can kill him.\" Cade leaned on his brother's shoulder. \"I'll think about it, but no promises.\" Young man took a deep breath, rubbing his chest and t-shirt with turtle on it. \"Why do you even try so hard?\" His look landed on Deon. \"...do you have crush on him, or what?\" Long orange ears rose in sudden shock and Deon stared at his brother. \"Wh- No, I mean, no, no, Cade!\" Younger man chuckled, pulling out his tongue. \"I knew it.\" \"I don't…\" \"What's so wrong to admit it? Well, I hate him, but…\" Deon sighed. \"Even if I ever would, he wouldn't want me. Nobody would, not like this.\" His brother suddenly fell silent. He was there yesterday, when they talked about this and he himself felt very bad now for opening one of Deon's wounds. Guilt struck him hard and deep frown escaped him. \"I'll do it…\" \"What?\" \"I'll do what you want from me, give him a chance, but if he just looks at you badly, he's done!\" Deon was staring at him for a while, but then pulled his brother close. \"Thank you, Cade, thank you.\" \"I hope I won't regret this…\" Deon chuckled. \"You won't. Vincent is great when you get to know him.\" \"If you say so…\" After few minutes, both brothers headed downstairs. To their surprise, their mother was still talking to Michelle and Yolandi and the others were with Bruce. There was even Ninja who sat in the chair and was apparently reading. Deon tried with all might to stop his mind from thinking that Ninja can't even read and just let it be. Chappie with Vincent were sitting in circle with Bruce. Chappie was silently listening, while Vincent said something few times. Deon came to them and poked Vincent on shoulder, this gained the Australian's attention and it was clear Deon wanted him to follow. They went into another room. \"Come here, Vincent.\" Deon gestured to his friend and the Australian followed, stopping by his friend's side. Cade was waiting for him with neutral look. \"Cade wants to tell you something.\" \"I guess…\" Younger brother sighed. \"Deon convinced me to give you a chance.\" Vincent blinked, surprised. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, but I'll keep an eye on you, Vincie. I'm doing it only for Deon, not you.\" Vincent didn't seem very found of the new nickname that Cade gave him. The younger man was clearly mocking him, but that didn't really bother him now. He was glad for given chance. Cade then walked around him. \"Don't screw it up, Vincie.\" As his brother left, Deon looked at Vincent. The Australian smiled at him, gratefully. \"Thank you.\" \"I'm sure you will get along, it just needs time.\" Vincent hoped so. The only fact that Cade was willing to do this, just for his brother, proved how much he loves Deon. He didn't have anything against Cade, he just wondered whether it could ever get better between them. Hours were passing by. Since they couldn't just go out and have a walk around London, they had to find a way to entertain themselves inside. Deon hoped they will be able to walk on streets of London again, but some time will have to pass first. Cade was keeping both eyes on Vincent. He was actually quite surprised Vincent treats Chappie more like his own child than anything else. Something that had to be done was playing videogames with his brother. Even just for the sake of nostalgia. They spent hours by playing the games. Chappie joined in and Cade felt just like when Deon was still living here. Meanwhile, Avani was enjoying the presence of small bunny that was brought along. Living with reptiles was nice, but small and fluffy bunny was just so amazing to rub. It was also amusing to see Vincent, who just couldn't figure out why he was followed by the tortoise, everywhere he went. Turbo decided to follow his steps everywhere, and when the Australian sat down, the tortoise laid and leaned on his leg. The Australian was surprised when Deon's father sat next to him and offered him some books. Vincent took them, blinking curiously. \"Thank you.\" He looked better at books, just to see those are military ones. \"I noticed you showed interest in those in the library, but didn't ask if you can look at them closely. Are you a soldier?\" Vincent chuckled. \"I was. I was in Australian special forces.\" \"Really? That's a coincidence, I was a paratrooper.\" Vincent stared at him, and his eyes got spark in them. Suddenly his brain switched into entirely different mode, knowing there is a fellow soldier next to him. He would never get an idea that Deon is from a family that has something to do with military life. Oh, they are going to have so much to talk about. When the evening came, Avani was sitting with Chappie in library and she let him draw on the paper. \"Good, good, Chappie, keep the focus, but you are very good at it.\" \"I draw a lot at home.\" \"That's good.\" She took the drawing from Chappie and studied it in detail. \"You have such imagination.\" \"Do you like it?\" Chappie rubbed his non-existent nose. \"Yes, I do.\" Avani patted her grandson on head. \"You know, I am a math teacher, I could give you a little test.\" Chappie would grin if he would have a mouth. \"Won't that be too easy for me?\" Everyone gathered at the dinner, while Chelsea was happily chewing on lettuce next to Turbo. Neither tortoise nor bunny mind the noise the humans made and they just continued eating. After the dinner, Cade wanted to do with his brother something that their mother never liked. \"Come, Deon.\" \"Mom will kill both of us.\" Older brother sighed, when Cade opened the window that led on the roof. They had habit of sitting on the roof in the nights and watching London. Deon was always very nervous about it; he didn't like to sit on the roof. The view was beautiful, but he was scared they would slip. At least now he would be able to catch both of them. They sat carefully on the roof and London appeared in front of them. \"Isn't it beautiful?\" \"Yeah, I really missed this.\" London still looked the same, even after all that time. They sat in silence for a while, before Cade leaned on Deon's side. \"I wish you wouldn't leave again…\" \"I must, we all do, and there is a lot of work to do in Johannesburg. You can visit us anytime.\" \"You did your work Deon, your robots are protecting that city. You don't have to do anything.\" It was clear what his younger brother was implying, but Deon just couldn't do that. He felt responsibility for his Scout program and after what happened last month, he knew he just couldn't leave that city. Staying with his family sounded lovely, but he didn't want to be closed in the house, or to leave others. \"I wish I could stay Cade, but you know I can't. There is still so much work to do. You will visit us, right? All of you.\" Cade nodded, but there were small tears in his eyes. \"Yeah.\" He leaned more on his brother and moved closer, putting head on metallic shoulder. Deon smiled at him and then looked up to the sky. There were no clouds, just stars. He wrapped arm around Cade, just like he does with Chappie. \"I remember on that day, when my funeral happened…\" Cade gave him surprised look. \"You were…\" \"Yeah. I thought that was the last time I will ever saw all of you. Chappie was also there.\" Cade didn't know if he was supposed to punch Deon into face or start crying like crazy. They were so close, but yet so far that day. \"That night, I was watching stars with Chappie, getting in peace with fact I will never see you again. And now we are here.\" He pulled his brother close. \"It'll be fine, Cade, everything will be fine.\" \"Yeah…\" \"I wonder now…\" Deon's ears rose. \"Are you still with Lucy?\" Cade chuckled lightly. \"Yeah. I wouldn't make it without her back then, when we thought you are dead, but she is on university expedition right now, so you won't see her now…\" Deon nodded and pulled his brother closer. He was glad Cade wasn't alone. They both were silent since that moment, enjoying the presence of each other. They didn't see Chappie who was sitting close to the window and listening. Spying on someone wasn't a good thing, but he didn't want to interrupt them. They deserved to be alone for a while and have a happy moment. It only reassured him he needs to try harder to make things right again. He will protect everyone, no more harm, no more pain. This night was far more peaceful than the previous one. Vincent thought he would sleep in Deon's room again, but Cade told him to sleep with them again. He didn't like Vincent, but a promise was a promise. They went to sleep quite early, while others were still in the living room and talking. Michelle didn't know when she felt so relaxed for the last time. There were no argues, no stress, they really needed a vacation. They laughed so hard it even woke up Deon. To his surprise, Chappie was snuggled to Cade, who was peacefully sleeping under his tortoise blanket. Deon laid down again and noticed Vincent is silently watching him. \"Can't sleep?\" He whispered and Vincent shrugged. \"I guess… You know, you never told me you are from a military family.\" Deon's ears rose rapidly. \"Who told you? My dad?\" \"Yeah. Why you never told me? That's amazing.\" Deon whispered back. \"I don't know what's so amazing about it.\" \"Your dad told me he was a soldier, and your great-grandfather was also one. Looks like it jumps with generations.\" Deon hissed. \"I know that.\" \"So, that means the next soldier in your family would be…\" Vincent smirked and Deon with sudden realization turned to look at Chappie. \"Oh no, no, no, mister. Not gonna happen.\" Vincent chuckled quietly. \"He would be a great soldier.\" Deon took Vincent's blanket and covered him with, putting it also on the Australian's face, hoping that will keep him quiet. \"Night, Vincent.\" Vincent chuckled for more seconds and then took the blanket off his face, snuggling into it and leaning his face into pillow. \"Night, Deon.\" This was the last day. Tomorrow they are going to leave. They didn't want to, but the work was waiting for them. Even Vincent started to get rid off his depression and feel more comfortable in this place. Yes, he still felt guilty, but he didn't have an urge to leave anymore. Deon wanted one to go one more time into tea store and Bruce gladly fulfilled the wish of his son. Helping in the store was something he was doing for years and even now opening the big boxes and finding place for various things wasn't so bad. After all that madness that happened in his life recently, he was glad for boring and usual activities. Bruce used the situation to start a very important conversation, something he wanted to do these days and he just waited for right moment. \"So, how do you like being a father?\" Deon sighed deeply, he should expect this question. \"It's hard, isn't it?\" Deon was taking some time, before answering. This was such an irony. Then he finally talked. \"Yes, but it's worth it. I guess, just now I realize how hard it is to raise a child and how much work you and mom had with me and Cade.\" \"Deon, why didn't you tell us before? Before all of it happened?\" \"Because I didn't expect to become a father. I thought I would create AI, teach it, not that I will create artificial… life. Get attached to him so much that I can't live without him. I would tell you, but I didn't know myself what would happen back then. I still wish so many things would happen differently.\" Bruce watched his son as he was trying to sort his thoughts. He sat next to Deon, putting hand on his son's metal shoulder. \"Dad… Did you ever felt like you failed as parent? That you can't even protect your own child and take care of him?\" Bruce sighed deeply. \"Almost every day, since you two were born. Deon, every parent feels this way, just don't let those fears pull you down too much.\" \"Sometimes I feel like I let him down.\" \"Deon, I wasn't there with you for past few months, I didn't see what you two have been through. I can only tell you what I see right now.\" Deon nodded sadly, but Bruce continued. \"I think you did a good job at raising him.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes. He clearly loves you and that's the biggest success that parent can achieve. You've raised him well.\" There was such a big relief. He needed to hear something like this, something that made him sure he didn't totally screw up. Deon hugged Bruce happily, still minding his own strength. \"Still… could I ask you for advice, when I don't know how to deal with him?\" \"Of course, son.\" Deon with Bruce returned home. This day was meant to be peaceful; even though it was clear they will get separated tomorrow. Yes, Deon's family will visit Johannesburg, but it was still a sad thought to know they will be separated for some time again. This trip was very useful, because they now knew Deon is alive. He was so glad they all seem to get along. Cade had problems with Vincent, but at least he was tolerating him. Otherwise it looked like the whole group found new friends. Deon never imagined his father could have a friendly conversation with someone like Ninja but it happened. He had to thank Vincent for idea to come here. He didn't want this day to end, but hours were passing by. It was getting dark and Avani came to Vincent, who was standing on the balcony, curious what he was doing there. \"What are you so alone here?\" Vincent smiled at her. \"I'm just thinking. Thinking about some things I did wrong…\" Avani actually expected this answer. Since they arrived, it seemed to her this man was troubled by some inner doubts. \"Returning to mistakes won't make your life any better. Mistakes can only be undone.\" \"Some things can't be undone, or changed. I wish it could be…\" \"You know, I can see you and Deon are very close to each other. I don't know the whole story, or what exactly happened between you two, and maybe I don't even want to know. Still, no matter what happened, you two seem very close now. I'm glad for that. Deon was always very lonely, even since he was a child. No matter how hard I tried, he was always too shy, too scared to talk to other people and always too lost in his own mind.\" Vincent blinked. \"In his own mind?\" \"Yes. Deon always preferred to spend time in his own mind, thinking. He was that child that rather stayed at home and do his own stuff, rather than to go out and play with other kids. He had his own little world that even I could never fully understand. It got better as he was growing up, he got more social. You know him for some time now, so it is clear to you he is very introverted.\" \"So, you are glad he is not alone anymore, because we all surround him?\" \"Exactly. He was always so smart, so intelligent he finished university so many years sooner than other people. But I could always see his true potential comes out when he can work with someone else, be with other people or even take care of them.\" She looked at Vincent, who smirked. \"You didn't see him yet, when he is overprotective over Chappie.\" \"I think I will for sure see that.\" She sighed. \"Vincent, could I ask you for a favor?\" Australian gave her surprised look, but nodded. \"Sure…\" \"Would you watch over him? I hope I don't want too much from you, I just want to be sure he is safe. It is clear your whole group look after each other, but I want to beg you.\" She put hand on his shoulder. \"Would you do that for me?\" Vincent was thinking, why was she begging him? Him out of all the people in his house? Not that he would say no, he just didn't understand. Something in his mind was telling him that she knows. She can see that Vincent is troubled by the past, was that the reason? He himself was actually glad for this request. He could finally do something right for Deon's family. Yes, he will, until the day he dies. \"I will, I promise.\" \"Thank you.\" Avani gave him the dearest smile and actually rubbed his bearded face gently. The gesture was accompanied by the tenderness and motherly care. Vincent smiled gently. \"You are very wise lady.\" \"Thank you.\" She let go. \"You know I wouldn't mind someone like you to be part of our family.\" Vincent blinked in confusion. What was she saying? \"Excuse me? What do you mean by that?\" Avani chuckled very lightly, putting hand in front of her mouth. Then she smiled at him again and Vincent felt there is something more behind that smile. \"You will see one day. Also, would you keep an eye on Chappie too?\" \"I do, every day.\" Those days ran so fast. They were having fun in the evening, talking, laughing, then spending time together before they finally fell asleep. Chappie made many photos and videos that evening. He wanted to treasure these moments for eternity. He clearly felt Deon's sadness, knowing they will leave tomorrow and to be honest, he didn't want to leave either, he didn't want to leave his family. Those moments will stay forever in his mind, but living them was so much better. No matter, they were falling asleep with happiness in their hearts. The next day, they were all standing at runway, looking at the plane that will take them back to Africa. Deon made sound of deep sigh and looked at others. \"Well… here it is, a goodbye.\" Moments like these were unbearable, he didn't want to say goodbye. Even when he knew it isn't for forever this time, but he still didn't know how he will feel, when he see them from the plane, getting distanced. \"You could stay for few more days…\" Deon looked at his brother. Maybe they could. \"We'll visit you soon, don't worry.\" Bruce put hand on his son's shoulder and Deon just nodded. \"Are you sure you got everything? It happens almost every time that things get forgotten.\" Avani asked, while checking out bags and luggage. Yolandi came to help her. \"I think we're fine.\" Avani then looked up. \"Chappie, child, I didn't even ask you, did you like the visit?\" \"Ja, a lot.\" Chappie checked on bunny who was again in her cage. He really hoped they didn't forget anything. Deon sighed one more time, turning to Vincent and asking. \"Do we really have to get into that plane?\" Vincent gave him impish smile. \"I guess.\" Both of them looked back at others and Deon went to give one final and real goodbye before they will get into plane and take off. Vincent didn't want to interrupt them, no one wanted to. Still, he was met with look of Deon's mother. Her answer was gentle smile and blink. Yes, he will fulfill the promise. On the other hand, Cade came to him and hissed. \"Don't screw it up, Vincie.\" Vincent took a deep breath to swallow everything. \"I'll miss you…\" Deon whispered and Chappie nodded, feeling same way, standing in front of Avani and Bruce. \"Same here, but it won't be for long.\" Bruce smiled. \"We'll visit you on your birthday.\" \"Go, and let us know when you land safely.\" Deon nodded and Cade then pulled him close for one last time. \"Take care.\" Then he also pulled Chappie close. \"Both of you.\" The embrace was complete, when Avani and Bruce also spread their arms and pulled them close. Then it was finally time to go. Everyone watched Deon's family as they were waving and slowly disappearing in the distance. Deon needed to keep sobs in, they will see each other again, this wasn't a real goodbye. As the plane disappeared from the sight, Cade took a deep breath. He smiled, even when he had to shed a tears from his eyes, he was happy. What he didn't see or hear was Avani, who turned to Bruce and whispered. \"Do you think they will be okay?\" Her husband smiled. \"I do. Did you actually asked him to…\" Avani nodded. \"He accepted. Looks like you soldiers are all the same…\" Bruce shook head with impish smile and pulled his wife close. \"I wonder whether things are going as you think they will.\" Meanwhile, on the plane, Deon was still trying to get his feelings together. Chappie was right next to him and Vincent grinned at both of them. \"Do you think it was a good idea to come here?\" Deon simply nodded. He was eternally happy his family knows he is alive and he will see them soon again. Then he looked at Chappie and was even happier, knowing they accepted his child into family. Michelle clapped her hands. \"Okay kids, vacation ends, you will all return to work.\" \"Yes, madam, get those slackers back to work.\" They all listened to voice from speaker that belonged to their pilot. \"And to make your flight better, let's all have a little sing along! And this first song is for that nice guy with nice ass over there! I'm talkin' about you Vincent, honey!\" They all looked at the Australian with wondering look and Vincent just sighed deeply. The whole group started to hope the flight will go as fast as possible when Jane started to sing. Maybe they will need one more day of vacation. ","Summary":" Hey guys, welcome to the last part of this story arc. Comments are always welcomed :) Deon wasn't s"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Anywhere for you - Part 3","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11819146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The next part will be the last one, now, let's read this interesting story :) Comments always welcomed :) Was it morning already? It could be, there was some light. It took some time, before Deon fully realized where he is. He looked around to see his brother, Chappie and Vincent lying next to him. Right, they were not in Johannesburg. They were at his family's house, in London. He almost wanted to take a deep breath of relief, before realizing he has no lungs. It wasn't a dream, they were really here. He also didn't remember when he had such a good sleep. He felt so calm and relaxed. \"Deon, you awake?\" Deon turned to Chappie, who was looking at him curiously. \"Yeah, good morning, Chappie.\" He laid down again, letting Chappie to snuggle to him. Sometimes he was still like a small child that just wanted attention. \"Did you sleep well?\" \"Yeah, very well.\" They heard Cade murmuring something in his sleep, before snuggling into blanket again. Deon was used to this, his brother always murmured when he was sleeping. He then looked at Vincent, who was happily sleeping. He looked like a big teddy bear that was enjoying every second of his sweet rest. \"Are ya happy we are here?\" \"You have no idea. I wanted this for so long; I actually feared it was all just a dream, when I woke up, and that we never got here.\" Chappie chuckled, but still tried to be quiet, to not wake Cade and Vincent. It was still very early in the morning. He looked at Cade and started to think. Cade seemed to like him, but what about Deon's parents? \"You think your family likes me?\" \"Sure. Cade already likes you a lot. I'm sure mom and dad will also like you, when you spend some time with them. Don't worry.\" Deon put a hand on Chappie's head, but his son disagreed. \"I'm not scared, just wonderin'... I'm sure I'm not what they expected.\" Chappie whispered in unsure tone. Vincent moved in his sleep right beside him but didn't wake up. That was good; Chappie didn't want to disturb him with his problems. Even though he was maybe wrong and hadn't any real reason to be worried. He then noticed someone else actually woke up. \"Morning.\" Cade yawned loudly. \"I slept like a happy turtle, how did you sleep, bro?\" Deon moved close to his brother and he would smirk if he could. \"Still dreaming of becoming turtle one day?\" Cade grinned. \"Sure thing.\" \"Becoming what?\" They all turned to Vincent who also woke up and was looking at them with confused face. He clearly didn't know what they were talking about and being awake for not even a minute made it all confusing. Nevertheless, Chappie hugged him gently, welcoming him to new day. \"Good morning, Vincent.\" Australian sighed, but appreciated Chappie's greeting. \"Thanks, boy.\" He didn't actually remember when he woke up by anyone's side. He was used to wake up alone; it wasn't so bad to see there is someone beside him when he wakes up. He then gave Deon and Cade a very questioning look. \"You know I always wondered what it would be like to be a turtle, or tortoise. I would love to wake up one day as a turtle.\" Vincent didn't even try to pretend he understands and Deon just chuckled lightly. He knew his brother very well and expected to act like this even when other people are around. Still, the look on Vincent's face was priceless; he was just so clueless right now. \"Cade, stop scaring him. He's used to be among normal people, not freaks like you.\" \"Why would anyone want to be a turtle?\" Cade moved closer to Vincent and noticed Chappie was also giving him a curious look. \"Imagine being a turtle, or tortoise, having such a peaceful life. Not rushing, not getting angry, or getting angry very, very slow. Having a shell where you can hide and rest, doesn't that sound amazing?\" Cade smirked at Vincent and Australian was staring at him, not knowing what to think. Chappie raised his ears and thought about it. \"Hm, doesn't sound so bad.\" \"Look, Deon, that kid gets it!\" Cade pulled Chappie close. \"You really are my nephew!\" Deon just chuckled and then looked at Vincent, who was still trying to process his own thoughts. He put his metallic hand on his friend's shoulder, gaining attention. Suddenly, Deon seemed so normal and sane, compared to his brother. Vincent always thought Deon was the one who was acting very weird, but right now he looked like the sanest person on Earth. Then Vincent looked back at Cade, who was still pulling Chappie close, like it was a cute puppy. He was acting like a small child and he clearly didn't care. Then he turned to his brother and Vincent. \"Well, let's get breakfast. Imagine all that fun we will have today.\" They all gathered down in the kitchen and even some of them couldn't eat, it was very pleasant to sit there and talk with others. It was quite fascinating how people from so many different corners of the world could get along. Deon came to his mom, who was preparing tea and she smiled at him wide. He told her last night about all upgrades that Chappie did to their bodies and also other stuff. She was probably sorting everything in her mind. \"I don't remember when was the last time, when there were so many people here, and so much joy.\" Deon sighed. \"I guess you cried a lot, when…\" \"I cried for days, Deon, we all did, and even when we stopped, it didn't go away. It only got better when Michelle told us you may be alive, but we didn't even know whether you will ever return to us. But that doesn't matter anymore.\" She patted him on face. \"You are here and alive, that's what matters.\" \"Mom, do you think you could have a little talk with Chappie? He's still a little unsure, whether you are going to like him.\" Avani smiled at his son and then got tea into cups. \"Of course.\" She then reached to the bowl of vegetables and gave it to Deon. \"For your bunny.\" Deon returned to others, looking for Chelsea. He expected someone to have her, but he was wrong. Then he found her sitting next to Turbo, as she was happily sniffing the tortoise. Looks like those animals got along just fine. Deon put the bowl in front of them and Chelsea sniffed the food, before taking some of it in her mouth. He then returned to others, just when Vincent was asking Cade. \"Why are you so obsessed with turtles anyway?\" \"I study herpetology.\" \"Derp… Her… Herp… Herpotamalogy?\" Ninja tried to repeat the world and Cade just chuckled. \"Herpetology, that means I study amphibians and reptiles, simply said. Turtles and tortoises are just my most favorite reptiles, since I was a child.\" \"So that's why you have a chameleon on your shoulder?\" Vincent leaned closer to look at small animal. \"Isn't he adorable?\" Deon sat next to others and his father talked to him. \"Deon, would you like to see the tea store? You weren't there for such a long time. You all can go with us.\" Deon looked at Chappie. \"Would you like to see it there?\" His child nodded, raising his long ears. \"You own a tea store?\" Michelle sounded rather curious. Maybe it was just her business side and interest in money, but she sounded very interested. \"Yes, it's actually a reason why Avani and me met. Deon and Cade spent many days at that place. I still remember them running around like small kids.\" Bruce sighed deeply. All those memories that appeared in his mind now. It was so long time ago. Sometimes he wished those days would return. When he was looking at Cade and Deon now, he almost couldn't believe they grew up so much. That was something that every parent had to face. He then looked at Chappie and realized Deon will have to face the same thing one day. He never tried to think of idea how fast robots grow up mentally, but if he really develops like a child, he is going to be mature one day. Bruce noticed Chappie was still very quiet and shy, when he was around him or Avani. He seemed to calm more relaxed around Cade through. Was he afraid? Of them? Avani came into room and put cookies on table, turning to her son. \"I know this will sound ridiculous, but didn't ask you yet, Deon, but all that happened means you didn't find anyone right? Some nice girl or boy.\" Deon twitched suddenly and looked at his mother, shocked. Everyone else looked at Deon, curiously watching him. Cade then leaned to his mother. \"Mom, that was a secret.\" Avani looked at her son's, surprised. \"Deon, your friends didn't know?\" \"No! I mean… no, I didn't want them to know.\" He looked at the others, who were still staring at him with surprised looks. Chappie was also looking at him. There was a moment of silence and Deon looked down, avoiding eye contact. \"Right, just because you found out about this, it means I am someone else now, huh? I'm not the same person anymore, just like every other time.\" He stood up and left the room. Everyone was sitting there in total silence, clearly not getting what he meant. Chappie stood up and decided to follow his Maker, others that did the same. They found him sitting on stairs and Chappie slowly came to him. \"Deon? What's wrong?\" \"Now you all know, so you are going to judge me and then say that I should keep myself away from you, or laugh at me, huh?\" Chappie didn't like tone of Deon's voice, he sounded cynical, sad and bitter. \"Why would we do that?\" \"Because that's what people do. Not you, Chappie, you are young, you don't know people that much yet.\" He looked at people around him. \"What will you do?\" \"Deon, we don't mind.\" He looked at Yolandi, surprised. \"So you like both, men and women, that doesn't change who you are to us.\" \"Damn, I live with robots, dude. Robots, I think dats more fucked up.\" Ninja rubbed his face. \"You are still the same annoying nerd.\" Michelle folded arms on her chest. \"As long as you make money for me, I don't have a reason to judge your personal life.\" \"What if you fire him?\" Cade asked and Michelle turned to him. \"Then I still have more important things to do, like counting money. Remember I am the evil boss after all.\" Deon looked at Vincent, awaiting his reaction. He was most afraid of his response. Vincent was Christian, which could be a real problem. He was against AI, so Deon expected him to have the same look at bisexuality. Vincent in the end sighed and came to Deon, sitting next to him. \"Why so scared?\" \"You… you don't mind?\" Vincent smiled at him. \"In short, I don't, but we can talk about this later. Did you really have to run away like this?\" \"Old habits die hard, forget about it…\" They all fell silent and felt really awkward. They didn't want to harm Deon in any way, but they were really surprised by his reaction. It seemed like he expected to be beaten down, or being verbally abused. It was clear to everyone what it meant, what he had to been through to behave like this. Chappie was thinking about it, slowly putting all pieces together. His mind was developed enough to understand. He hugged Deon gently. \"I still love you.\" This was what Deon clearly needed, assurance. He hugged his child back, pulling him close. He was accepted, that was what he wanted. They will need to talk about this, but that will come later. He looked at the others. \"So none of you mind?\" They all shook heads and Deon felt such big relief. He looked at his mother. \"Mom, please, try to keep my secrets, okay?\" \"I'm sorry, Deon, but I expected them to know.\" Deon sighed, but he actually felt relieved. They will talk about this later, now he had to get himself together again. It wasn't very mature of him to freak out like this. They returned to kitchen and spend some time there. They started to talk about different subjects, so it helped Deon to relax again. He was still surprised how well it went, they didn't mind. It almost looked like they didn't care. When Deon finally calmed down, it was time to visit his room. When they entered, Deon recognized familiar shapes, colors, it was just like he remembered. The place where he spent so much time of his life. He let Chappie in first. He went right after him, with hands on Chappie's shoulders. They made few slow steps. \"This is where I had my little dream world.\" Chappie started to look around, noticing all small details in the room, Deon then leaned on him from behind, moving his arms on Chappie's chest. \"I wish I could be a child again, when I see this place.\" Vincent followed them into room, moving the door. He heard a smash and then something feel on his head. \"Ouch!\" Australian looked on floor and picked up the object that practically attacked him. \"Is that… a Death Star?\" \"Oh my, it's still here. Looks like the batteries are dead, it didn't kill you.\" Vincent gave Deon an ironical look. \"Very funny, Deon.\" \"Chappie, if you want to check something, you can, don't be shy. All those things are also yours now.\" He watched Chappie as his child started to look around the room. There were books, plush toys, figures, video games, board games and much more. Deon for had a very happy and rich childhood. Chappie's attention was drawn mainly to books, and then he moved to other things. \"You have so many plush Pokemon.\" Deon turned to Vincent, looking at all the plush toys. \"I used to collect everything Pokemon related. I think some of these plushies may be very rare and expensive these days. Look, I got a shiny Krookodile, it sort of looks like you.\" He handed Vincent the plush toy and older man looked at it, not amused. \"Did you ever play games?\" \"No, I just know they exist.\" He put plush back at the shelf. Chappie was still checking out things. They stayed in room for some time, before Bruce finally decided to go out and take them to the tea store. Before that happened, Deon was not quite sure of letting Chappie see the movies he found in the room. Deon was not sure whether Mars Attacks! is the right thing for Chappie, or if he is not going to learn Garfield's cynic look at world after reading comic books. Vincent was visibly interested in the room, because when he saw old Transformers toys, he felt a warm nostalgia. Of course he expected that Deon would have robots all over the room. Vincent looked at few comics of Futurama and then discovered hordes of DVDs and even VHS tapes that were stored behind them. He also found Mangas, at least he thought they call these Japanese comics like this. Cade was showing Chappie trading cards, when they were called to come down and get ready to leave the house. Cars stopped in front of the shop and they entered the shop. Chappie's ears rose in wonder. He never saw such a place like this. So many colors, so many things on the shelves and walls. He started to walk around the shop and Deon also looked around joyfully. He didn't see this place for such a long time and it didn't change a bit. The only thing that was different on few places were different kind of teas, but the place stayed the same. \"Just like you remember it.\" Deon turned to his father and nodded. \"Yeah. I hoped it would still look the same.\" The group was inside and Ninja whistled when he saw the place. Teas had such a strong smell, it was like someone punched him in the nose. Bruce was most interested in Chappie's behavior as he was looking at every detail. \"You're so curious, just like Deon.\" He kneeled next to Chappie and smiled at him. \"Do you want a tour of this place?\" Chappie nodded gratefully and Bruce started to talk. He was actually very glad his… grandchild is so curious and wants to know everything. It reminded him so much of the days when Cade and Deon were little kids. The others also studied the shop and Yolandi's eyes landed on a plush turtle that was placed on shelf. She carefully took it. It was so adorable, but when she looked around, it was clear turtle was used in decoration many times. In another area, there were located bath salts, candles and various stuff that was related to bath, massages and relaxing activities. This place had its own atmosphere. It felt relaxing to be here. Deon regretted he can't taste any tea anymore, but at least the others could. He noticed Vincent was visibly interested in bath salts, even when he didn't say anything. Well, Deon won't ask, but he will remember this. Chappie enjoyed this place and that was the best reward for Deon. They returned to home two hours later than they expected. They managed to spend hours at the store. There weren't any big plans to explore London, going around with robots was just too risky. You simply never know when something will get bad. No walking on Piccadilly these days. Instead there was plan to spend time together at home. Avani remembered Deon wanted her to talk to Chappie. She should really do it; the poor kid was still acting nervous around them. She asked him politely if they can be alone for a while and Chappie accepted. Both sat on the couch and Avani smiled at her grandson, who still looked nervous and shy. Both woman and robot were exchanging looks for a while, not really knowing that to say. There was a clear subject to talk about, but it was hard to begin. She understood Chappie wouldn't be the one to start talking, so it was up to her. \"I always wanted a grandchild, I just never expected it would be like… you.\" \"I'm sorry…\" \"No, no, don't be sorry. Don't say sorry for being born.\" Chappie looked at woman and his ears rose. \"Deon has... well, had your eyes.\" Avani blinked in surprise. She never expected to hear these words from him. She almost stopped believing that Deon will ever return to them, now he was back and he even brought a child with him, it was not the child that Avani expected, but she was glad he is here. She took his hand gently, if she remembered correctly, Deon said they could feel warmth and touch. Chappie let her and watched as the woman started to rub his hand gently. He wasn't a human, but she could feel this child came through a lot since he was born, even though it was only few months. \"Thank you for bringing him back home…\" Avani wanted to shed a tear away from her eyes, but Chappie stopped her. \"No, it's okay to cry…\" She smiled wide and gently pulled him close, just like she did so many times with Deon. It actually felt similar. Chappie relaxed in her arms. It felt like being hugged by his mom, but at the same time by Deon. He was afraid they may not accept him, but right now he felt loved. \"Welcome to family, Chappie… I just feel sorry we couldn't welcome you, when you were born.\" Maybe it was good, they weren't there. It was one hell of a week. Still… Family, this was his family. He belonged here. They accepted him. Avani then looked into his glowing eyes and shook her head, smiling. \"I still can't believe I have a grandson. I begged Deon so many times to get married and have children, but right now, I can't get over the fact that he became a father. I always bothered him, but now I am a grandmother and I don't know how to deal with it. Suddenly you are here. We didn't even get to know you were born. It's all so sudden; I can't actually imagine Deon being a father.\" Chappie knew Avani can't see it yet, but he smiled. \"I would never want anyone else. He screwed up few times, but he never gave up on me, no matter what happened. \" \"That's my Deon…\" Avani noticed her husband entering the room and then sitting right next to her, also looking at Chappie. \"Do you like it here?\" Bruce asked very gently, to not scare the boy. He seemed more relaxed, but still on guard. Nevertheless, he nodded. \"Ja, it's nice here. And you are nice. All of you.\" \"Good, we are your grandparents after all. Don't be scared, boy, we don't know what you have been through, but you are safe and welcomed here.\" Chappie lowered his ears and look at his hands, rubbing them against each other nervously. \"I was afraid you'll blame me, for what happened to Deon. If it wasn't for me, maybe he would still be the same. You wouldn't be sad, you wouldn't cry.\" Avani had to take a deep breath when those words were said. Of course there was this way of thinking, but she didn't want to do it, neither Bruce. They couldn't even imagine yelling at this child to get away from them. \"Chappie, we can't change they way you think, or force you, but we want you here. You came here with Deon, as his child. We will accept you, take you as family. Do you want that? Do you want us to be your family?\" Chappie looked at them, unsure. Yes, he wanted them to be his family; they were so nice to him. But he couldn't just say yes. Flashbacks ran through his mind, remembering that horrible day. No, he didn't want to hurt them. What if it happens again and he hurts them? He started to get back into his depressed mood and dark waters of his mind. He managed to forget about those events when they arrived here, but it came back now. No, he didn't want to go back, but there was no escape. His silence made both people wonder and worry. \"Chappie?\" Bruce hoped it will get robot's attention, but voice was apparently not enough. Before it could go too far, Avani pulled Chappie close, holding his hand. He looked at her nervously and then on Bruce, who put hand on his shoulder. \"You're safe here. No matter what happened to you before, you are safe here. I promise, a-\" \"And you can never break a promise.\" Both humans looked at him surprised. \"Deon taught me that…\" Bruce and Avani smiled at him. \"I think you will fit into family just fine…\" Bruce patted him on head, while Avani was still pulling him close. He felt safe, loved. He needed this feeling. He didn't want to be afraid and drown in his fears. They managed to keep those fears away. Chappie finally let himself relax they accepted him, he could finally rest. Meanwhile, Vincent was helping Cade in kitchen, while the others were sitting in living room. Cade always seemed to be in such a good mood. Well, no wonder since his brother returned. \"You and Deon seem to get along very well.\" \"We are brothers, why shouldn't we?\" \"Not all siblings do get along.\" \"We always got along; he was always there for me, since we were kids… He was helping me, taking care of me, playing with me. Every time I came to him and wanted something, he never sent me away. Yeah, I know he is moody, but he was always there.\" Vincent blinked and thought about it. Looks like Deon had this caring nature since he was a child, and now he was using it to raise Chappie. It was actually confusing to see someone so devoted to other people, never actually founding his own family. Chappie was the closest thing to child that he will ever have, but he will never find a loving mate. Vincent could almost chuckle at the absurdity of this situation. He was the one who had a wife and kids, but he lost them. Deon didn't have a partner, but he had Chappie, who refused to leave him. He was very glad to see that Deon has a loving family over here. \"I think I get ya.\" \"Yeah, so…\" Cade looked at Vincent seriously. \"Don't even try hurt him…\" Vincent raised an eyebrow, seeing this was meant as real threat. It didn't matter Vincent was ex-soldier, this much younger man would be probably willing to attack him, if Vincent would hurt Deon. How was he supposed to feel about this anyway? He didn't expect Deon has such overprotective brother. \"Why would I do that?\" \"Just warning you.\" Cade grinned and then took food, carrying it to living room. Vincent watched him and not so long after that, Deon's parents joined, together with Chappie. Vincent liked the sight, he was happy for all of them. Deon's family was complete again and they even had a new member of family. He himself felt joy, when he looked at them, but there was also sadness. Regrets filled his mind. He felt like he should leave this place. The feeling didn't get away, it just became bigger. The rest of day was bringing up miserable thoughts. He liked this place, he liked those people, they were very nice and welcoming, but that made it even worse. He hurt them and they didn't even know. Their joy was scarring him, every time he looked at them. Nothing he would ever do will be enough to fix his mistakes. He kept himself distanced, not allowing himself to share their joy, he wasn't worth of it. However, it was noticed. Deon and Chappie noticed very well. First they thought Vincent just has one of his lonely moments, when he just wants to be silent and have some peace for himself. It became more and more evident that they were wrong. Vincent was acting unusually since yesterday, maybe they should talk to him. Cade was the next one who kept an eye on Vincent. Why was he keeping himself away? He didn't know yet, but he wanted to know. When the night came, Vincent was on the balcony, watching stars, deciding what to do. He should leave, he really should… \"Vincent, do you have something you want to tell me?\" A familiar voice made the older man shiver. He turned to face Deon and he was very aware of looking very nervous. His friend came closer to him, and gestures made it clearly that if he could, he would heave a very concerned look. \"Is something wrong?\" \"To be honest… yes. I think I should leave. I don't deserve to be here.\" \"What? Wait, hold it, it was your idea to go here, and now you say that you want to go away? Why?\" There was a moment of silence and Deon made it clear he won't leave until he gets answer. \"Why?\" \"Deon… I tried to kill you, I am maybe the main cause of what happened. Remember, I was going to rip you apart with Moose, if it wasn't for Chappie. Isn't that enough? Imagine how I feel, knowing all of this, and being here with your family. I took you away from them and made them suffer. I don't deserve to be here…\" Deon was silent, he understood very well, but he didn't want to blame Vincent even more. Yes, what he said was truth, but Deon didn't want him to go away. He didn't know how his family would take this fact, but he wanted Vincent to stay. Then he looked back, hearing footsteps and saw Cade standing there. From the look on his face, it was clear he heard everything. Deon knew his brother very well; he knew what he is going to do. \"Cade…\" \"How… how could you take him here… HOW?!\" He came close to them, staring hatefully at Vincent, he turned to his brother. \"Do you know how we felt when we were told you are dead?! Can you even imagine it?! CAN YOU?! And you bring the one who is responsible for it?! WHY?!\" Deon was stunned, standing on place and not being able to answer. He didn't want to cause a pain to his brother, but now he felt like he stabbed Cade's back, because he brought Vincent here. Cade turned to Vincent, his eyes full of hate and anger. \"Don't blame Deon, it's all my fault, I'm sorry…\" \"Sorry?\" The young man felt like someone punched him in stomach. \"YOU FEEL SORRY?! ARE YOU SHITTING ME?! DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE?!\" He punched Vincent into face. Australian didn't do anything, not even rub his face, he just looked back at Cade, who had tears in his eyes. \"Do you even know what it is like to loose someone you love? Do you even know? Because otherwise you would never do such thing…\" Deon and Vincent watched Cade leave, he clearly needed time to be alone, because he didn't know how to feel and deal with this. After a while they both went to Deon's room, sitting on the floor silently, without any lights. The only light came from not totally closed door and Deon's glowing eyes. \"Well… we screwed up again.\" Deon chuckled, but Vincent made it clear he is in no mood to laugh. They sat there for a while and Deon was thinking about what to say. Maybe he should come out with different subject to talk about. Cade needed time to calm down, when he does, he can think rationally again. Going to him right now was useless. Deon had to think of some way, how to communicate with Vincent properly. He remembered on one thing that actually surprised him pleasantly. \"I still can't understand how you don't mind, that I'm...\" \"I don't really care, Deon. It's your life.\" \"Wait, so you mind AI, but not homosexuality or bisexuality?\" Vincent sighed he really wasn't in mood to talk about such thing, but he knew very well Deon is trying to get them into better mood. \"Yeah, because AI can be dangerous, but man loving another man, there is nothing dangerous about that. I've been through too much shit in army, so I know there are far more important things to care about. Also… I had a friend there who was… well… gay.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, and not only that, he saved my life once, so hating on people who aren't straight would be very hypocritical of me. I would never actually tell he is gay, until he told me. Same with you.\" Deon looked at him curiously. \"But you're a Christian.\" \"Yes, but that doesn't mean every Christian is homophobe, Deon. I believe God loves us all, it's just us people who make mistakes, not Him. Killing someone is mistake, stealing is mistake, all things that hurt other people are mistakes. Loving someone isn't mistake.\" Deon raised his ears in wonder. He didn't expect Vincent to be so polite about this subject. \"But could you make me a favor, Deon?\" \"What is it?\" \"Don't fall in love with me. I bring bad luck when it comes to love and I don't want any more problems.\" Deon chucked. \"Don't worry, you're not my type at all. And it doesn't even matter. After all, I will never find anyone. No one would want to be with a robot…\" Vincent felt like someone stabbed him right in the back. He was practically the biggest reason why Deon was in this state. Who knows how things would go if he wasn't there, him and Moose. The fact was, he felt very guilty for Deon's fate. He never actually thought about this, not until now. Deon may never find someone who he would love. He had Chappie, family and friends, but he was destined to be alone, when it came to love. Vincent was alone, because he chose to, after he got divorced, but Deon never got a chance to choose. \"Don't feel guilty, Vincent. You know me, even when I was a human, I didn't bother to find someone, so what's the difference now?\" Vincent saw Deon is trying to sound calm, but he was not too far away from breaking into tears. It hurt, he knew it hurt. Vincent wanted to cry himself, because he knew the feeling of loneliness. He still remembered what it was like when someone loved him deeply, but he didn't want to lose anyone else, ever, so he decided to be alone. He pulled Deon close and his friend gratefully leaned on his shoulder. \"I'm sorry, so sorry.\" Deon sobbed. \"Hey, that's okay, we are both alone. We can be forever alone together.\" Vincent chuckled with tears in his eyes and clapped Deon on the back. They screwed up so much and it hurt. How could they ever make things right again? Deon leaned more on Vincent, making the embrace tighter. They had to get through this, somehow. What they couldn't know was that the door was left open and they were watched by Cade. He could see Vincent was sincere when he said he felt sorry for what happened to Deon. He knew spying on someone like this was wrong and he felt bad because of it, but it made him understand. He leaned on the wall, thinking. How was he supposed to take this? Why would Deon even let someone who is responsible for his current state to come here? Cade looked at them again and there was such weird feeling. He himself acted like an idiot, but who could blame him? Anyone on his place would be mad. He won't forgive him today, or tomorrow, it will take a lot to earn his trust, and he was asking himself. Should he even give Vincent a chance? Was there any reason? No, there wasn't. He welcomed Vincent just like others, but right now, he didn't even want to see the man and he didn't want him here. Maybe he should also keep this for himself. He won't tell Avani and Bruce, for now, it would hurt them so much. They had all right to know, but Cade decided to not tell them. He didn't understand why, but Deon seemed to have forgiven this man and even take him as his friend. Why? That was the question. He then looked at side and faced Chappie, who came close without him even noticing. \"You know now…\" Cade just nodded, looking at Scout sadly. \"How can you live, knowing this? Letting him so close? How can you like him?\" \"Because he's a family now.\" Chappie didn't feel an urge to explain everything, he didn't want to. So many things happened, so much has changed. He hoped his words are enough. Cade was staring at him; he expected any other answer, but not this. Family? Young man blinked, confused. Chappie would smile, if he could. \"Why did you forgive him?\" Chappie asked himself this question many times. Over the time he started to be selective, mainly for the last month. He gained a feeling not everyone is worth of his love, presence and effort. Then he could effectively protect those he cared about, but even they needed to be worth in his eyes. Those who he called family from the beginning will always have his loyalty. Vincent had to earn it, even though it was painful. He looked right into Cade's eyes. \"He earned it.\" ","Summary":" The next part will be the last one, now, let's read this interesting story :) Comments always welco"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Monody","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12180761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The name is inspired by song Monody by FatRat Reviews are welcomed :) Cade was looking through window, thinking. Here in England, the weather was for once good. The sun was shining, accompanied by the blue sky. Summer finally came. He just wished there was a reason to be happy right now. His ears registered the sound of opening door and he looked back. There was at least something to be happy about. She was home. He got up and hugged his loved one. \"Finally home.\" \"Yeah, it was a long day.\" Cade looked at the young woman with blonde hair and brown eyes. He gave her a little kiss on the forehead and she then threw her bag on the couch unpacking it. \"How was your day?\" \"Could be worse.\" Cade was watching her as she took out her notebook, looking at it for a while. He knew this side had a calendar on it and Lucy was visibly thinking about something. \"Is something wrong?\" Lucy sighed and sat on the couch, Cade followed her, looking at the calendar. \"You know, Deon's birthday is coming…\" Cade was struck by realization. She was right. Suddenly a wave of guilt went over him, he knew Deon is not dead, but Lucy didn't. She was still mourning his brother and it was very uncomfortable position, to know more than her. \"Do you miss him?\" \"Yes, why shouldn't I? We spent so much time together, but I understand you miss him much more. \" Cade was thinking, should he tell her? No, not yet, he had this feeling very often, but it wasn't the time to do so. Instead he came to her and hugged Lucy tight from behind. \"You know, it's funny, because sometimes I remember him, and I feel like he is back. I know it sounds stupid, but somehow, it's like I can feel him here. I guess I just go crazy.\" \"Not really.\" \"Maybe I still didn't get over the fact he is gone. It was so sudden.\" Cade was looking at her, while remembering the day Deon returned to them. Then she said words that almost made him choke up. \"It's such a shame he never got to have a family, children.\" \"Y-eah. I would like so much to be an uncle…\" Meanwhile, in Johannesburg, all those miles away, Deon was standing and watching Chappie with Epsilon going around the power station. Now when Epsilon knew everything, he wanted to see the place where Chappie was born. His brother let him to share the memories through their minds, so the images were crystal clear to Epsilon. Still, visiting the place was something different. Chappie was trailing his metal fingers on the walls, thinking. This place had many huge walls that could be used for something. Sometimes when he was painting he wished for bigger canvas, much bigger. Maybe he could use this place as his own coloring book. It would also cover up some bad memories that he had. After they were finished, Deon wanted to take them home, but his sons disagreed, saying they still want to have a look on the city for today. Deon accepted, but was rather curious what was right now going on in Epsilon's head, now when he had access to all information. His point of view was surely changed, because he got to know what happened and who was responsible. However, that didn't stop him from looking at others as his family and he was keeping his ways to approach everyone. Deon was just curious what he was thinking about all of them. Chappie with Epsilon were doing their daily guard of the city. They were going around, watching people, noticing every small hint. They did this at least once per day for a good feeling of being useful and doing something for safety of people. Thankfully most of the times, nothing bad happened, but some days, it was no help. People are just annoying and never learn. Chappie lost his patience, when they saw a man that was visibly threatening a small girl. To not make it easy for the human, they sneak up. Before the man could even notice, Chappie got behind him and grabbed him by shoulder. \"Hi, human. I think we need to talk.\" The man screamed and got free form Chappie's grip. \"Fuck off, you metal monster!\" Chappie frowned. \"So, I am the monster, huh? I am not the one attacking a little girl, you sick creep!\" The girl looked back, surprised to see Epsilon behind her. \"Don't worry, we'll take you home.\" \"After I teach this fucker a lesson.\" Chappie started to move to the man and Epsilon took a girl into his arms. She didn't protest and gladly leaned on Scout's chest. Epsilon advised her to look away, when Chappie grabbed the man and gave him a lesson. Soon after that, two police officers found the man on the police station as he was trying to get away. They both gave each other a confused look, because man was chained to the street lamp and there were even papers with needed info. \"Hey… I think I know this guy. We were after him for some time.\" \"Yeah, but I don't think he had a broken nose back then.\" On the other place, Chappie and Epsilon were walking the little girl home. \"Is this where you live?\" Epsilon asked and the girl nodded. \"Yeah. Thanks for helping me, you are awesome.\" Epsilon put the girl down. \"That's our job.\" \"Try to stay safe, okay?\" The girl nodded and pulled Chappie by the hand. The Scout crouched to look right into her eyes. \"But it was so cool when you broke his nose.\" \"Just don't try it yourself, okay?\" The girl grinned. \"Okay.\" Deon was always very happy to see they are home and unharmed. He was always quite nervous when they were walking through town, looking for mischief. He couldn't forget on that day when they were both kidnapped and he had to fly on the Moose to save them. He really hoped such day would never come again. A sigh escaped him, when he noticed what was Chappie's plan for the rest for the day. \"You should not watch so much horror 80's stuff. What is it today?\" \"Alien and Nightmare on Elm Street.\" Deon sighed, hearing Chappie's answer. \"Why are you so interested in such things?\" \"Don't know, it's interesting.\" Chappie gave an impish smile, while Epsilon came to their father. Deon smiled at him. \"I'm glad you don't like creepy stuff.\" \"Well, I don't really enjoy it, but I will watch it with him. After that…\" Epsilon took a book and gave it to Deon. \"Can you teach me something new, please?\" Deon was splashed by the wave of happiness and joy when Epsilon asked. He was just to happy to see his kid wants to learn and he was not going to decline that wish. Cade was sitting next to his mother, while Bruce was quietly sitting on the other side of the room. He was reading a book but didn't mind the conversation his wife and son were having at the moment. \"Mom, how much longer do we have to keep it as secret? You know I feel like I am choking up in my shell, when she talks about Deon.\" Avani sighed deeply. \"I understand, Cade. I was also thinking about it, a lot. It would be better if she was here when Deon arrived.\" \"Well, we must tell her, somehow.\" Avani was thinking for a while, then she talked. \"You know your brother will have birthday, right?\" Cade nodded. \"Yeah, it will be Deon's hatching day.\" Avani just shrugged it off. She got used on Cade's turtle vocabulary \"So, is he coming over?\" \"No. I need to call him, and I would actually like to visit him this time. I want to see how he is doing there. We should also take Lucy with us. She doesn't know for so long. It's getting hard to keep this as secret from her, this might a good chance to get her know.\" Cade agreed with this, but he was still not sure, how she will handle the truth. She will be for sure happy that Deon is alive, but there was much more. They all felt guilty for not letting her know that Deon is alive, but this was something she needed to see, not just hear. Deon was always very dear to her, since she was so close to this family. Cade was also happy, when he realized he will also see Chappie. There was also Vincent. That wasn't so pleasant to realize... \"I'll call him.\" Bruce nodded, agreeing with his wife. \"Good luck with our stubborn son.\" \"Mom, we just have one problem, how do we tell Lucy that we are going to South Africa and not make her suspicious?\" Avani made his son stand up and get from the room, pushing him on his back. \"That's your work. You are one smart turtle, you can figure it out.\" Deon decided to spend this night upstairs. While Chappie and Epsilon were having their movie time, Vincent came for his daily visit and when he spotted what was on TV, he decided to join. Deon swore that if Ninja also came, he would do the same and they would all have a long night of discussing those movies. He himself was not really into horrors and so he didn't see a point of joining others. Chappie was entirely different story, he loved horrors, loved creepy things and over all mysterious nature of the world. He was totally fascinated by those things and sometimes it was driving Deon crazy, because his son started to use his horror knowledge in real life. On the other hand, why was Deon even surprised? Chappie faced the death and practically defeated the whole concept of it, no wonder he was not scared of things like scary movies. Deon rather decided to work and spend his time productively. However, it looked like he will not be left alone to do his job. There was a call from his mother and he actually gladly answered it. The work could wait after all. \"Mom, I'm glad you call. How are you?\" Avani smiled at his son, slowly getting used on his unusual appearance. \"I'm fine. How about you, son?\" Deon sighed. \"It's busy around here, yeah, busy, but I guess we're fine.\" \"I'm glad, Deon, I wanted to ask you. Do you think we could come over for a visit?\" Deon was at first kind of surprised. Why would they come for a visit in such time? \"Of course I don't mind, but why?\" \"Deon, did you forget even about your own birthday?\" Now he stopped and looked at his mother. \"My… birthday?\" \"Of course, in a few days. Did you really forget?\" He was staring at the screen for a while, realizing the fact. \"I, I guess so. We had much work here, mom…\" \"I understand, but I think you deserve to enjoy your own birthday. Oh, it's so long ago, but I remember it so clearly. You were such a cute baby, when you entered this world.\" \"Okay, mom, I get it, don't get too emotional about it.\" \"Deon, I just want you to know you are still loved and wanted. No matter what happened, you are still my son and I will always remember as that small bundle of joy. Even though I didn't always agree with you and we had some fights, I am very proud of you.\" Deon's long Scout ears lowered and his body language changed entirely. \"Even like this?\" \"Yes. It's not what I imagined for your own life, but I am glad you are here with us. I wonder, would you want us to come to Johannesburg on your birthday?\" \"I would love that.\" \"We will also take Lucy with us.\" Deon froze when he heard a familiar name, but he understood. It was finally time to expose her to the truth. \"Well, I hope she will be able to process everything, without her brain exploding…\" He came downstairs to see Vincent resting on the couch, with Chappie and Epsilon snuggled to him. They were on each side and Vincent was pulling them close with both arms and happy smile. To Deon, it was starting to be very clear that Vincent started to see these two as his own children that he can teach and spend time with. That was something he lost long ago and he was feeling like he got a new chance. Deon was not going to interrupt this feeling. It made Vincent happy, and it was helping him to get away from his angry and bitter former self. Chappie and Epsilon were not his children, he hadn't any part in creating them, but Deon didn't care. It was better this way. The next day, he decided to tell everyone. However, the conversation he had with Yolandi made him realize how complicated the situation really is. \"So, your family is comin' over?\" \"Yeah.\" Yolandi smiled widely, clapping her hands together. \"Awesome. I'm so glad I will have once again have someone else to talk to. Your mom is cool, but I guess you will have a lot of explainin' to do.\" Deon gave her a questioning look. \"What do you mean?\" The woman pointed to Epsilon. \"How do ya explain him? He was not with us in the England.\" Deon was staring at his creation, Yolandi was right. He had to explain Chappie's existence last time, now he had to explain Epsilon. It would not be so bad, if he hadn't have to say why he was not with them last time and why he has another child in only few months. They fact his children were robots didn't make it any less awkward for him. Oh god, what was he supposed to do? \"I'... I'll think about it.\" Yolandi leaned closer to him. \"Ya sure. Ya don't sound so sure.\" \"I'll be fine, go and tell Ninja, so he acts… At least a little normal, and human.\" The woman just sighed and after rolling the yes went to find Ninja. Deon stayed in the room, thinking. He needed to figure this out somehow. What was the best way to make it as little awkward as possible? Then he remembered Lucy would always be here. His thinking process was interrupted, when a hand landed on his shoulder. He was so deep in his mind that he almost fell from the chair he was sitting on and then he saw Vincent's face. His friend had a worried look on his face. \"Vincent? Is something wrong?\" \"No, it's just… Your family is coming over, so…\" Deon sighed. \"Cade, is that it?\" \"Well, you know me and your brother don't have the best relationship.\" \"Vince, don't worry, I'm sure it will be fine. He promised me to give you a chance.\" He rubbed the friend on the back, but Vincent didn't share his optimism. He would rather leave and not meet his family at all. Vincent still felt unwanted in their presence. Even though Deon's father was very welcoming to him and his mother even begged him to take care of Deon. \"Deon, I…\" \"Vince, please. Promise me you won't leave. Please, stay here, they will be glad to see you. Cade… He'll get used on you. Promise?\" The ex-soldier took a deep breath. \"Promise. Also, do you want some help with explaining of Epsilon?\" \"Yeah…\" \"Again, why are we going there?\" \"That's a surprise, but trust me, we have a reason.\" Lucy gave Cade a very questioning look. She said yes, when she asked to go with him and his parents to Johannesburg, but the reason was kept away from her. Going to Johannesburg was not a really jolly thing to do. If the memory served her right, she was there once, when they were visiting Deon. This trip was bringing back happy, but now very bitter memories. They were also going there on his birthday, so she was suspecting this trip has something to do with Cade's brother. For now, she will let things flow and wait. Things changed so much after Deon died. She remembered all those restless nights and days that followed. Bruce and Avani were trying to handle the sorrow by themselves, but Cade was not so strong. She was always there to help him, support him mentally. He told her so many times that he would not make it without her. She was the one who pulled him through. She never expected such days to come, but when they did, she did everything possible to help. Lucy was missing Deon a lot, but breaking down was not something she could afford. Right now, she was getting suspicious. She expected him to be sad, maybe even depressed, because they are going to Johannesburg. He seemed nervous, but not sad. What was going on in his head? Avani and Bruce also didn't tell her anything. They really wanted this to be a surprise. When they arrived, weather was sunny and all of them were reminded they are in Africa. The air was hot and sun was shining. Someone was waiting for them at airport to lead them to Deon's house. Cade was not very happy, well, his mood got totally ruined, when he saw it was Vincent. Lucy didn't ask who it is, but understood he is a friend, when Avani and Bruce greeted him happily. She and Cade came to the man. The Australian was visibly not happy to hear Cade's words. \"Hi, Vincie.\" \"Hi, Cade…\" His parents looked at their son, they still weren't sure why he was calling Vincent like this, but it was clear teasing. However, Lucy was very curious to meet this man. Vincent gave her a careful smile. When Deon begged him to go here, he mentioned there would be someone new with them, someone he didn't meet yet. Vincent was not very eager to go, but Deon begged him a lot and said he totally trusts him. He reached a hand to the young woman. \"Nice to meet you, I'm Vincent.\" Lucy liked the pleasant tone of his voice and took the hand. \"Lucy, nice to meet you too.\" She looked at Cade. \"You should learn something from him, when it comes to talking to lady.\" \"I know how to talk to a female turtle! Remember I stretched the neck the most, so I defeated anyone who would be interested in you!\" Vincent was giving him a confused look. He already understood Cade was acting weird in terms of normal people, but he was even weirder than before. However his family was totally fine with it, so he wouldn't ask. He didn't want to argue with Cade. He rather offered them a ride and took them right to Deon's home. Lucy was suspiciously looking at the place, remembering it. Why were they here? It was even stranger, when Cade told her to stay with him in the car for a while. Vincent got out with Bruce and Avani and talked to them about something. After a while, they told Lucy and Cade to stay in the car, while they entered the house. Avani and Bruce got a nostalgic feeling, it was so long since they were here. They were still surprised, because in the room there was a purple Scout that was sorting papers on the table. Avani immediately thought it was her grandchild, just with different finish. \"Chappie?\" Avani asked and purple Scout looked at her, confused. His memory kicked in and in the second he knew who is this woman. She was the confused one, when Chappie appeared next to the other Scout. \"Hi, grandma.\" Both adults were looking at Scouts, confused. Vincent then put hand on Bruce's shoulder. \"Don't worry, we'll explain everything to you.\" \"Is this…?\" Vincent nodded. \"Yes, this Scout is important.\" \"Dad!\" Deon rushed to his father to hug him tight and Bruce laughed, modestly, but it was there. The joy was on both sides and he was happy to see his son again. Looks like Deon just couldn't wait and just rushed to them. He also pulled Avani close, hugging them like a small child. \"Looks like Vincent managed to get you here.\" Australian snorted. \"Oh, you thought I'm that useless, huh?\" \"Is Cade and Lucy…\" Aveni smiled. \"Yes, they're here. I hope you know how to explain all of this. Also, who is this purple robot next to Chappie?\" Deon sighed. \"I'll explain everything, promise. Just give me time, I think it will be better when we all sit down and have a calm talk.\" Avani nodded, but she also looked around the room. \"This place is cleaner and more organized than I expected…\" Chappie was about to laugh, but he managed to keep it in, well, mostly. Deon just nodded, feeling awkward. \"That's Chappie's job. He does not like mess, even though I know where my stuff is…\" \"I'm sorry, my dear father, but after I found our bunny in the oven, I think something needed to be done.\" This time Vincent almost laughed, but he kept it to chuckle. \"Yeah, yeah, let's keep that for later, okay? I think we left a turtle in the car.\" Chappie agreed and grabbed both his grandparents, pulling them to another room. \"Don't worry, we have it under control.\" Deon with Vincent watched them leave and then they looked at each other, very unsure. The plan was going well, well, sort of. \"Should I…\" Deon nodded. \"Bring them in.\" Vincent nodded and went outside for Cade and Lucy. Deon was standing there, thinking. He hoped so much this will go well. Vincent and Cade told Lucy that there is a surprise waiting for her inside, nothing more. Slowly, she entered the house, wondering what would jump on her. It felt like being a kid again, waiting for Santa Claus to appear. When she was in, the only one that was in the room was an orange Scout. Lucy gave him a very curious look. Something felt very familiar about this robot. It was the way he was standing. She came closer, knowing there is no danger and looked into blue shining eyes. What were they trying to do? Was this some joke, or just some crazy riddle she was supposed to solve? The unsettling thing was, that the robot was watching her. Those gestures, movements, they were so familiar to her. What was happening here? She tried to reach out to him and Scout flinched. Now it was clear to her, her memory told her the rest. \"Deon…\" The orange Scout nodded and she already knew it was him. She was staring at him for a while, trying to find some common sense in this. After giving up she just came closer and with opened arms hugged him. The metal was cold and damn, he was just as tall as he used to be, so she was leaning on his chest, but it was him. It was so well recognizable, when he returned the hug in the same manner as he always did. \"I missed you too…\" Lucy just chuckled silently, holding in tears. \"Let's say I accept this crazy scenario. Still, how? I know it's you, but how you can be in this… body?\" Deon didn't answer her right away, he was just happy to see her again. Lucy was just like his mom, they both recognized him without saying a word. How were women doing this? \"Long story, Lucy. It's a very long story…\" She actually laughed, looking into his eyes. \"So, that's why we came here, to see you.\" The realization struck her. \"Wait… How long do they know?\" \"Few months, and trust me, they were just as shocked as you. Please, don't be mad at them.\" Tears appeared in young woman's face. \"Deon, what happened to you?\" \"You'll get to know, but I think you should sit down, you're shaking a little.\" Lucy was not going to argue and she sat on the couch, still holding his metal hand, like she scared he would disappear again, if she doesn't hold him. \"Take it easy, take it easy.\" \"Okay, okay… what else should I know?\" Deon sat next to her, thinking what to say. He gave her a while, before saying something. \"There is not more important thing. You will have to meet with my kids.\" \"Wait, you have kids?\" Deon smiled in his robot manner. \"Look behind you.\" Lucy did as she was told and saw two Scouts that were suddenly standing there watching her curiously, but carefully. The young woman couldn't stop staring at them. One was dark blue, the other was purple. They were both polished, their bodies shining in the sunlight. She admitted to herself they looked beautiful. Still, the blue one was giving her an unusual look. Lucy flinched, realizing what he was doing. For some reason, she felt like he was looking right through her, like he was scanning her. It was a robot, it didn't have human eyes, but the look was human like. It was long and magnetizing. He was slowly coming to her and then standing in his full height. There was such a strong urge to flinch, but Deon stopped her. \"No, don't be afraid of him.\" She looked back at Chappie, who leaned closer, looking right into her eyes. Then he talked to her, in a very soft tone. \"You're good.\" \"What?\" She gave confused look to Chappie and then to Deon. \"What is happening right now?\" The second Scout came close and Deon gently put hand on Lucy's shoulder. \"These are my kids. Chappie and Epsilon.\" \"Those are your children? Well, I suppose I could expect they won't be ordinary… Still…\" \"We are sorry to disappoint you.\" The purple Scout talked with very pleasant and polite voice. \"I can't say I'm disappointed. You are children of the biggest nerd and freak I ever knew. What was with that look?\" Chappie came closer and talked. \"I want to be sure. People did horrible things to me, to people I love. I want to be sure ya are okay.\" \"You can see that in one look? Deon chuckled. \"Trust me, he can. Chappie is very talented when it comes to see what people keep in their minds. It's a self-defense mechanism. I guess you passed.\" She looked back at both Scouts who sat on the floor in front of her. Cade and Vincent finally came in and Lucy just nodded. \"So, this is your family.\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah, and we have a lot to talk about.\" ","Summary":" The name is inspired by song Monody by FatRat Reviews are welcomed :) Cade was looking through wind"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"A sign of wish","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12356587","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reviews are always welcome :) Name of the song: Beybalde - Sign of wish Deon slowly woke up, remembering he is not in his bed, but sitting on the floor and leaning on… Vincent. Right, so he really stayed till the morning. The man was still sleeping and Deon was silently watching him. He didn't want to get up yet, so instead, he covered himself again and leaned back on his friend. How much he wished he could wake up like this everyday... Vincent mumbled something in his sleep, leaning on Deon happily. Deon didn't mind, not in the slightest. They all slowly met up downstairs and Deon immediately noticed Epsilon talking with Lucy and Bruce, while Chappie was helping Avani. It was good to see his children were comfortably becoming a solid part of family. When he was thinking about this, he noticed Cade. Cade came to his brother. It was clear to him that Deon suffered yesterday, they grew up together, Cade recognized when his brother was not feeling well. He didn't want to hurt him. He stopped himself, what did he even want to accomplish yesterday? Cade grabbed his brother's metallic arm. \"Deon, I'm sorry if I upset you last night. I didn't want to.\" Deon gave him sad, but also a little angry look \"And what did you expect? Cade, please, just don't talk about it, I beg you. It only hurts us both. You didn't come here to argue, and we have a work to do.\" Cade sighed, nodding. Deon didn't want any tension between them, he knew Cade was sorry. It will take time for him to understand. He pulled his younger brother into embrace. \"I didn't lose my mind, Cade. And I also don't wanna be mad at you. You're worried about me, I know, but try to trust me, please.\" Cade sighed. He was not happy about this, but it could not go on like this. It would be very tragic to argue every time they see each other, after being separated for so long. \"Okay, I'll try. Just for you…\" \"Thank you, Cade. You're my nice little brother.\" Cade made some grumpy noises, but he nodded. Even though Deon didn't have to eat, he was sitting at the dinner table with others and listening. \"So, how long do you hang around, Lucy?\" Deon actually expected Vincent to ask. Not that the Australian was thinking about Lucy as someone dangerous, he was just curious and maybe a little cautious. After all, Lucy seemed like she was part of the family for some time, but Deon never talked about her before. Avani was actually the one to answer this. She wrapped an arm around Lucy's shoulder in the motherly way. \"She has been with us for few years now.\" \"Really, and I assume you study?\" Lucy nodded. \"I'm botanist. Cade and I study on the same university, that's also how we met.\" Deon chuckled. \"You know, Lucy can do a martial art stuff. Maybe she would be able to beat you up. Why don't you have a little sparring?\" Vincent gave him an ironic look. \"I can't beat a woman, who do you think I am? Some brute, who doesn't know manners?\" \"...Well, that's what I think for the whole time.\" Epsilon actually chuckled, very lightly, but it was there. He didn't really agree with Cade, it just seemed funny to him for some unknown and illogical reason. \"I'm not gonna beat a woman.\" Lucy chuckled \"Believe me, you won't get to that. I can take care of myself.\" \"What is it, Vincie? Are you scared?\" Vincent frowned, trying to ignore Cade. In the end he frowned again and nodded. \"Ok, but I told you not to do this. Also, why would a girl like you need martial arts?\" Lucy chuckled. \"You will see.\" Deon noticed his parents didn't say anything against this idea. Well, they will still go to the living room. Deon was actually curious how this will go. \"You should know I was a soldier, so I know a martial arts myself, but don't worry, I'll go easy on you.\" Chappie with Epsilon sat down, watching curiously. They never saw such thing on their own eyes before. They also looked at their father, but Deon just shrugged not giving them any thought about this situation. They just turned back, wondering what would happen. Vincent thought he would simply grab her and hold her on the floor to make her unable to move. Simple way to not hurt her, but also to disable her. The reality was quite different, because to his surprise, she was the one to grab him and smash him on the floor. Vincent found himself on the floor, groaning in pain and shock. Chappie laughed. Lucy crouched next to Vincent. \"Does it hurt?\" \"No…\" Vincent frowned. Chappie laughed and tapped Lucy on the shoulder. \"Welcome to the club of those who threw Vincent on the floor.\" She gave him a surprised look. But didn't ask about details. Deon meanwhile leaned down to Vincent. \"So how do you feel after being beaten by a woman?\" Vincent gave him an annoyed groan, he really didn't expect this. Lucy also leaned down. \"Vincent, you should never give someone the advantage like this. You totally gave me a moment of surprise advantage.\" Vincent sighed. \"I'll remember that, don't worry that won't happen again.\" Chappie with Epsilon spent much time thinking. Cade will need to tell them very specific info when he gets home, but for now, they could figure out, what they would do with the tortoise. But from the start, it was clear that they would have to surpass human technology by few years. Not that it would be a big problem. They needed to create new limb, but at the same time, connect it to body, the muscles, the blood, everything. \"We came up with an idea, how to fix it. So, listen carefully, I'll try to explain it so even humans can understand this. I know you are not very intelligent species.\" Deon gave his son a strict look and Chappie just chuckled, wiping his non-existing nose. \"We're going to do some hardcore bionics here.\" Cade blinked curiously. \"So that means you are going to try and create artificial legs and connect it to my tortoises' nerves and muscles?\" Epsilon nodded. \"We were thinking about the possibilities and this seems like the best way to go. The main issue was to figure out how to provide the power for the legs. No battery is that small and yet at the same time powerful, but the body is. I'm not going to confuse you with technical data, but this is basically what we will do.\" Deon was not ashamed to show how proud he is of his sons and others immediately noticed. Cade on the other hand was excited. Just the thought of his poor little tortoise walking again like it used to was giving him the chills. While Cade was thinking about all the possibilities and almost kissing both Scouts with joy, Deon and Lucy went to another room. It was clear that Cade would have to leave and come back. However, Lucy could stay, she didn't have to go with Cade and their parents. He didn't' know whether she wanted to come back here, but it would be amazing, to spend more days with her. Chappie and Epsilon liked her. \"Lucy, you can stay here for those few days, before Cade returns with the tortoise. So you will get back home with Cade after it's all done.\" Lucy looked at Deon. \"Really? Well, I don't have anything to do at home, but why?\" Deon smiled in his robotic way, hoping his friend recognized it. \"Because I didn't see you for a long time. Also…\" He leaned closer and whispered. \"I need someone to tame Cade, so he won't kill Vincent.\" Lucy gave him an ironic smile. \"You really know how to make a proposal to a woman, don't you? Ok, I'll stay.\" Avani was not the only one wishing they could stay longer, but time was flowing and days passing. In the end, they had to make their way home. Avani and Bruce were happy to see their son is having relatively good life, considering his situation. He had two very skillful sons that were always there to help him and Avani was very glad to see Vincent was fulfilling his promise. Deon was in good hands. She just wished he would tell them about Epsilon sooner. That boy was just so innocent and precious and she would gladly take him with them to England. However, he was visibly needed here. They stayed for two more days and there were many interesting moments. Lucy with Avani were looking at Vincent with Deon, when they were once again arguing. Chappie answered them, very calm. \"I would be actually worried if they were NOT arguing for one day. In that case, I would start to think they are sick.\" Chappie with Epsilon were curiously listening to Bruce, when he was telling them about his army days or what was happening in the store. There were also so many moments that he remembered when Cade and Deon were still children, or growing up. They screwed up so many things and their father was not shy to talk about such stuff. Both Scouts were giving him full attention and Bruce realized how hectic Deon's life must be when he takes care of them. They didn't spend all day inside the house and went on the little tour of Johannesburg. Unlike London, Deon could move totally free around here. No one was paying attention to one of many Scouts that were guarding the city. It was a long time since they visited Deon and saw this place. A lot of things have changed since then, Scouts were everywhere. Cade remembered the moment he was begging Deon to stay in London with them, but when he saw how situation looks over here, it became clear to him, Deon was needed on this place. They managed to meet with Michelle, who just finished her work. Lucy saw this woman for only one moment in her life, at Deon's funeral. She remembered her talking to Bruce and Avani, but she never talked to her. The older woman noticed Lucy and came closer to her, offering her hand. \"I'm glad to finally meet you.\" Lucy shook the hands with Michelle and she invited everyone to café. Michelle was pissed of all the work she had lately and decided to take a small break and get some info. It was not every day she got a visit from England. She also gets to know another person that was spending a lot of time with Deon. Since she was going to stay, Michelle planned to meet with her again. Now she could talk with Avani and Bruce and report antics of their son. When the day came, Avani pulled her grandsons into a loving embrace. \"Be nice and obey your father. Okay?\" Both Scouts nodded. \"I just wish we could see each other more often. I'll call you when we arrive home. Also, I want you all to come over for Christmas. I'll have some nice presents for you.\" She then turned to Vincent. \"I forgot to ask you, did you like those bath salts we sent you?\" Vincent smiled gratefully. \"Very much. Thank you.\" Deon sighed and looked at his brother. He hoped Cade won't forget to take the tortoise; sometime he was too crazy for his own good. Still, even with what happened the first day, they hugged and Deon was happy to see him again. Well, he will be back in few days anyway. They said goodbye to everyone and then just watched the plane take off. Family moments always ran so fast… Chappie and Epsilon were spending whole day and night working. Deon saw them only when they needed something or when he checked on them. He was of course always there to help them with anything, but most of the time, he was working on something himself, or trying to occupy his mind. Sometimes he just felt useless, not being able to help his children. They were doing just fine without him. He even fell asleep on the couch, but was awaken by Epsilon. \"Done?\" Epsilon shook head and leaned closer to his father. \"Just checking on you.\" This actually made Deon smile. He may feel useless and also bored, but Epsilon made him feel appreciated. Just with this simple gesture. He rubbed gently Epsilon's cheek, smiling. Deon was glad that Lucy decided to stay. She was making him a company, when she was present at the house and they could remember together all those moments they spent together. All before everything started to fall apart, get weird and robotic. Deon also noticed she and Vincent were getting along very well. They were talking about all kind of stuff, like cooking, gardening and she apparently loved listening to his stories from life. Cade is not going to like this. Deon chuckled, when he thought about that. Lucy may actually help to get Cade and Vincent understand each other. Days passed and Deon knew they were making progress, but he didn't ask. Vincent got them medical equipment as he promised and after some trying, Michelle allowed them to use Tetravaal equipment. They had everything they needed; now it was on Epsilon and Chappie to do the practical side of thing. After the flight to London and back to South Africa, Cade was not happy to see it was once again Vincent who picked him up at the airport when he arrived. He had to remember, this was possible only thanks to Vincent, after all. He still didn't like it, though. Vincent got him to Deon's house and Cade's brother was already waiting at the door. There were also his children, waiting eagerly. Looks like they were ready. Cade greeted them all and after that took out the tortoise, checking it. \"It's so tiny…\" Both Scouts looked closely on the small tortoise that was in Cade's hands. \"Will that be a problem?\" Epsilon shook head. \"It should not. Can I?\" Cade nodded and handed the tortoise to Epsilon, who carefully took it into his metal hands. Chappie also looked closer. Epsilon gently rubbed the tortoise's shell. This was the first time he saw such a creature on his own eyes. It looked so interesting, unusual. \"Do you really think you can help it?\" Cade gave them both wishful and sad look. Both Scouts nodded. Yes, they can. They prepared the small place for tortoise. There was a lamp, place to hide, rest and also some fresh food. Before they will do anything, they will watch the tortoise for a while. They were noticing the movements and behavior. There was just something amazing about these animals. They were so calm and peaceful. Everything is going to be okay. Meanwhile, Deon gave Cade some food and awaited his reaction. \"Do you like the food?\" \"It's so good, I didn't expect you to learn cook, mainly since you are a robot now.\" Deon chuckled when he saw Vincent grinning. \"Well, I'm not the one who made this, it's Vincent's food.\" Cade immediately spit out everything in his mouth. \"That is one of the most disgusting things that I have ever eaten.\" Vincent just rolled his eyes. Lucy was actually trying to keep the laughter in and Deon was doing the same. Epsilon with Chappie were watching the humans, amused. They were such a hilarious species to watch. Vincent glanced at them and both Scouts just winked back. Deon was once again looking over his son's shoulder. \"So, how is it going? Any progress?\" Epsilon nodded to his father's delight and showed him blueprints. \" The parts that need to be printed are already in making. We may be able to do it tomorrow.\" Deon stroked Epsilon's shoulder. \"Great job, I'm proud of you two.\" As Epsilon promised, they were ready next day. Deon was just glad Cade and Vincent didn't eliminate each other and were just staring at each other with stubborn look. In his mind he was apologizing every second to his children, because they were so much more mature than these two. Lucy was apparently thinking the same thing. Chappie and Epsilon were amused by this childish behavior, but overall they ignored it, there was a work to do. They let Cade know they are ready. The only thing they needed was a tortoise and get to Tetravaal. They rather wanted him to stay home with others and Cade understood, he was no use to them. Cade took one last look at tortoise and watched them leave. He actually had tears in eyes, but was trying to keep them away. Deon patted him the back very gently. \"Don't worry, they'll do their best. It'll be okay.\" Cade smiled sadly at his brother and also noticed Vincent was nodding. \"If someone can do it, it's them.\" It didn't take long to get to Tetravaal. The building was empty that day, since Michelle ordered everyone to not go to work. No one needed to know more than was needed. They got everything ready and checked the tortoise. Working with something so little and delicate was quite new. This was a living organic being, something they don't work with on daily basis. They had to be VERY CAREFUL with this little animal. \"Don't worry, little one, you will sleep for a while, and when you wake up, you can walk again.\" Epsilon rubbed the tortoise gently on the shell and it seemed to like it. Chappie did the same, just for luck and assurance. \"Let's do it, bro.\" The waiting seemed like an eternity. Deon was reassuring his brother that everything will be just fine. His children never failed him and he was sure they didn't want to start now. Deon understood worries of his brother, but there were no doubts that tortoise was in the best hands. The best thing to do was occupy the mind. Cade was not very willing to do anything, but his brother was telling him again and again to not be afraid. When they called, Cade almost had a heart attack. Deon took the phone and answered it instead of his brother. It was a matter of seconds, but to Cade, it was like an eternity. In the end, Deon just nodded, happily. Looks like they did it, and they were coming home. When both Scouts arrived, Cade immediately jumped in front of them. \"Is it…?\" Both brothers nodded. \"Ja. It went smoothly.\" Epsilon gave Cade a warm smile. \"That little one will be just fine.\" Cade was staring at them, unable to say a single word. Slowly, it was getting clear and there were tears in his eyes. They did it, they actually did it. He started to sob, but this time it was fine to cry. Without any warning, Cade rushed to both Scouts and wrapped arms around their backs. \"THANK YOU. THANK YOU, THANK YOU!\" \"You can go and look, but be quiet, that little one needs some rest. When everything heals, it will be like nothing ever happened. \" Cade almost could not believe his own ears. He was of course very curious how they achieved it, but right now there was just happiness, questions will come later. Deon and others were just watching the scene and he smiled for himself. Once again they didn't let anyone down. Cade decided to let the tortoise rest and take a look tomorrow. Meanwhile, Deon found Epsilon sitting outside, alone. For some reason, Deon felt like Epsilon felt distanced from them. He didn't know why, he just felt it. Maybe it was just his fatherly instinct that he got over the time. He slowly sat next to him. \"I forgot to tell you something, something that I told Chappie soon after he was born.\" Epsilon looked at his father. \"What is it?\" Deon took his son's hand and put his on it. \"No matter what anyone tells you, you can do what you want in your life. If someone tells you can't do anything, never listen. I want you to get as far as possible in life, both of you.\" Epsilon recognized a soft smile. \"You both are capable of so much, don't let anyone stop you.\" Epsilon slowly nodded. Deon lovingly rubbed him on the cheek and pulled him close into embrace. \"Good boy, I know I can be proud of you.\" Epsilon wrapped arms around Deon's back, not questioning anything. He was glad to see their father is happy for once and not having a depression mood swing or just being frustrated. \"Why do you even say this?\" Deon sighed. \"Because I want you to know it. Some things you learn the hard way. I sure did, when I was younger, so I want to make it easier for you two.\" \"Are other parents as caring and nice as you?\" Deon looked at Epsilon, surprised. \"I really wonder why you tell me such thing. I was treating you so badly and you think I'm a good parent…\" Epsilon looked right into Deon's eyes. \"You are my father, the only one I have.\" The man sighed and put hand on his son's shoulder. \"That doesn't mean I am good one. You still have a lot to learn about the world, Epsilon.\" \"Like what?\" \"Keep eyes on people and don't trust everything that people say. You are clever boy, you can figure it out.\" Cade smiled as he watched his brother hug his child. He didn't know what happened between these two and didn't have in plan to ask. He was just glad they were making visible progress. They had every right to take a rest, after doing such brilliant job. Cade still had problems to believe they actually did it and his tortoise will be able to walk and be healthy again. He could never show how thankful he was, not even in million years. Lucy came by and hugged him, maybe they should finally go to sleep. \"Where am I?\" Vincent was looking around, trying to find anything familiar, and then the voice appeared. \"Lost?\" Vincent looked in the direction of the voice and he saw Chappie standing there. Finally someone he knew. \"Chappie-\" \"Oh, happy to see me. Huh?\" Something was not right, that voice was so dark and poisonous. \"Here again to cut off my second hand? Or try to kill me?\" \"What-\" Suddenly Epsilon appeared beside his brother, putting hand on his hip and giving Vincent unpleasant look. \"Yeah, after all, he knew I was being mistreated and he didn't do anything. Why trust him?\" There was another voice from behind, a female one. \"Mhm, yes. I don't have place for employees that try to ruin the whole company and ruin me personally. The one that doesn't obey orders.\" \"Ja, the one destroyin' everythin'.\" Vincent looked on side to see Ninja with Yolandi. They were all around him and when he turned again, he bumped into Cade. \"Why did you do it? What did I ever do to you, that you kill my brother!? What did my family ever do to you?! YOU DAMN MONSTER!\" Vincent flinched and wanted to get away, but he was pushed back by Chappie. \"Ja, what did we do to you? You killed my mommy, fuckmother.\" \"I should let you rot in the prison.\" Michelle hissed. \"Please-\" Vincent whispered and Cade yelled at him. \"You don't have any right to beg, give me back my brother! GIVE HIM BACK HIS LIFE!\" \"Yes, give our father back!\" Epsilon joined and Chappie hissed at the man. Vincent started to have tears in his eyes. \"I want to, but I can't!\" It was even worse when he saw Deon's parents in the distance. \"I'm sorry…\" He hid his face in both hands, wanting to get away. When he finally got them off, there were tears on them, but others were gone. Yet he could see something else. It was Deon. He was still a human, waving at him with a smile on his face. Vincent didn't wait a second and ran to him, that just could not be true. He tried to get there as fast as possible and Deon was still happy to see him. However before he could get there, something appeared. Vincent gasped when he saw it was Moose, but also himself. No, no, no, he had to save him, this could not happen again! Deon turned back to see a robot and the man he knew and in the next second, he was shot. When Vincent finally got there, the robot and the man disappeared, but he managed to catch Deon. He held him close in his arms, pulling him to his chest. \"No, no, no, please no. Not again! Please stay with me! Please!\" His hands started to be bloody and other man's body was getting cold. Deon just smiled at him, sadly. \"You tried…\" Vincent cried, grabbing Deon's shirt and pulling him close. Why is he always late? Why can't he ever fix anything? \"Please, don't go, please. I need you…\" Vincent woke up, sitting up and gasping for air. He touched his chest, trying to realize it was just a dream and he is back in the real world. His face dived into his hands and he started to sob. Then something struck him, Deon, where was he? He ran off the room, right into Deon's bedroom but to his shock he was not there. He was slowly starting to panic and ran down the stairs. Finally, Vincent calmed down when he saw Deon lying on the couch, visibly sleeping, still with some work papers in his hand. Once again he fell asleep during the work. Vincent sobbed and wiped his nose. The Australian slowly sat next to couch, looking at his friend. He was so glad to see Deon was having a peaceful sleep, unlike him. He was a robot, but he was alive. Relieved, Vincent put arms on the couch and then his head on them. How could he ever fix this? He blinked curiously, when Deon in the sleep took one of his hands and gently gripped it. Vincent smiled gently and returned the grip. He never wanted to have such dream again. Deon yawned and was surprised to see Vincent sleeping near to him, with head on the couch. What was he doing here? He was also holding Vincent's hand. \"Vince.\" He shook with his friend, trying to wake him up. \"Vince, I don't know what you're doing… but get up from my floor.\" The older man finally opened eyes. \"Is it morning already?\" Deon moved his ears curiously. \"You didn't have a good sleep, did you?\" It didn't surprise him when Vincent nodded. Deon pulled him up on the couch and let Vincent rub his eyes. \"You don't look well.\" \"I had one disgusting dream, just wanted to check on you, and then fell asleep…\" Deon nodded, understanding. There was no taste to ask what the dream was about. He gently put hand on the other man's chest. \"Take a bath, you'll feel better.\" The Australian agreed and did as he was told, he was so happy to see Deon awake and alive, even in this robotized way. After he was done, Vincent went down to kitchen and sat at the table. \"Do you feel better?\" Vincent smiled and rubbed his still wet hair, sitting down and taking deep breath. \"Much better.\" Deon smiled and put a cup of tea in front of Vincent. \"I'm better at making tea, rather than coffee…\" Vincent grinned. \"In your case, I'll be happy when it doesn't poison me. Thanks, Deon.\" Chappie came into kitchen and came around Deon, patting him on the back. \"Good morning, father.\" \"Good morning, son. Where's your brother?\" \"Checking on the tortoise, but it looks like it went totally okay.\" Chappie smiled for himself, but then noticed Vincent starring at him with unsure look. \"Something wrong?\" \"Uh, no, no. I'm just glad to see you…\" Vincent took a sip of tea but Chappie was still curiously watching him. \"You are looking at me, like I would want to murder you, or somethin'...\" Vincent swallowed hard when he heard that and Deon noticed that. \"Well, it's gonna be a big day. We fulfilled our duty, so now we can have fun.\" Chappie left the room and both men could hear him greeting Lucy and Cade. Deon looked at his friend, giving him suspicious look. \"Vince, what did you dream about?\" ","Summary":" Reviews are always welcome :) Name of the song: Beybalde - Sign of wish Deon slowly woke up, rememb"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Try","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11945615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reviews are always welcomed :3 Titles by song from Simple Plan - Try Michelle said there wouldn't be any more vacation, but it was clear a day off was needed, after they returned to the South Africa. They returned home with much better feelings than when they left. When they were leaving, Deon was stressed and scared, now he was happy, but tired. It was good to see Epsilon was able to take care of everything and their home was in the same condition as they left it. The same thing couldn't be said about garden however. That place was quite savaged. Epsilon was very sorry, but he didn't really know how to take care of angry frog, which was visibly mad since they left and didn't leave any food in the garden. Chappie really started to have doubts whether this is a regular frog. Deon was too tired to even bother at this point, so he headed to bed. The only thing he did before that was letting his family know they are safe and sound at home. There will be time for everything, but right now, sleep had priority. Chappie put Chelsea into her cage, making himself sure she had everything she needs. Then he followed his father and as Deon lay down on bed, his child covered him gently with a blanket. Chappie lay next to his Maker, happy they are home. When morning came, Deon didn't really want to leave bed. He was so glad Michelle allowed them day off, but in the end, spending the whole day in bed didn't sound very productive. When he finally got up and headed downstairs, he met with gaze of Chappie and Epsilon. Both Scouts were apparently waiting for him. Chappie came to him and hugged him gently. \"Good morning. Did you sleep well?\" \"Yeah.\" Deon turned to Epsilon. \"Good morning, Maker.\" \"We started to unpack things, but since we brought some new stuff…\" Deon smiled. \"I know, we'll find a place for those, Chappie. After all, we have a whole day for it.\" He then looked at garden and sighed. \"And I guess we need to take care of that…\" Deon looked at purple Scout. \"Epsilon do you think you could…\" \"Take care of all duties in TetraVaal for today?\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah.\" \"Of course.\" Scout was visibly happy with his task and his Maker was very thankful. Epsilon was up to this point fulfilling his tasks very effectively. Deon certainly didn't regret Epsilon's creation. He was very glad he would have time to sort his thoughts from the last days and fully realize he can contact his family any time he wants. That was such an amazing feeling. Then he started to wonder how the others would spend this day. Before he could wonder any longer, the main door opened and they all saw Ninja coming in. Deon had to ask himself once again, why did he allow everyone to have keys to his house? Not that Ninja would rob him, well, you can never know in this man's case, but he should reconsider letting them have keys. \"Heeey, Deon, buddy.\" The man came to Deon and wrapped arm around the metal shoulder. \"I was wonderin'... would ya borrow me your kid for today?\" \"Why?\" \"I just wanna spen' time with him.\" Deon moved his long ears curiously. \"Well, ask him.\" Ninja turned to Chappie and Scout simply nodded. Why not? He spends every day with Deon, he could for a change spend some quality time with Ninja. \"Goood. So, I'll wait outside.\" Deon looked curiously at his child. \"What do you think he is up to?\" \"Don't know. I'll be home soon, promise.\" Chappie put his head on Deon's shoulder, then he took the bag and left. Deon watched him leave and actually smiled for himself. How long was it since they had to hide and couldn't even go out? Now they could go anywhere and it felt like Chappie is maturing much faster than before. At least he didn't suffer because of depression right now. He'll be home soon. Deon also wondered what was Vincent planning to do today. The call was made, few times and since there was not a single answer, Deon started to get worried. It was probably nothing, but absence of any reaction was making him very nervous. Vincent always answered the call and he never forgets to take phone with him. Deon told Epsilon to get back to TetraVaal and he himself headed to Vincent's home, hoping he is just paranoid. He had keys to Vincent's home, so it was not any problem to get inside. \"Vincent? You here?\" It was uncomfortable to go into someone's house and not telling him. Well, he tried to tell him. Deon opened the door of bedroom fully and saw his friend lying in the bed. Only the sight was telling Deon something was wrong and he didn't like it. \"Vincent?\" He got answer in form of slight groan and Vincent raised head to look at him. \"What are you doing here?\" Deon's ears raised in surprise, when he noticed Vincent's red face and hoarse voice. He even coughed few times and Deon came to him, putting his metal hand on his friend's forehead. The heat that came from it wasn't surprising in that moment. \"I'll be fine…\" \"Yeah, right.\" Deon pulled the Australian back in the bed. \"Stay here, I'll get you something on that forehead, and some tea, anything. Just stay here.\" Not that he would go anywhere. Deon returned quickly, putting wet towel on Vincent's forehead. \"Why are you here anyway…\" \"I tried to call you, but since you didn't answer I came here to see you if you are okay. You were fine, what happened?\" Vincent coughed. \"Did I ever tell it's quite easy for me to get cold? I guess that trip with plane, change of climate and stress wasn't too good for me.\" He rubbed his face. \"Remember, my body is still healing…\" Deon simply nodded and actually took a blanket and covered his friend. \"You need to be in warmth. Don't worry, I'll take care of you, you can't be all alone here.\" \"You don't have to do that, Deon… I can take care of myself.\" \"I'm sure you can, but I am still going to stay. Mhm, I could call my mom actually, she could have some good tips what to do.\" Vincent sighed deeply, understanding Deon won't go away. Meanwhile, Chappie was walking on the street with Ninja by his side. He still didn't get to know, what the man wanted from him, so he decided to ask. \"So… what are we gonna do?\" Ninja grabbed Chappie by arm and dragged him close. \"I need help, but don't tell anyone.\" \"You don't own money to some crazy gangster that will try to kill us, just like when I was born, do you?\" Chappie talked with very skeptical tone and clearly was not joking. There was no taste to get involved into something like that again. \"No, nothin' like that. Ya know boy, I need a gift for Yolandi.\" Chappie's ears rose. \"Really? That's all?\" \"Eeeeh, yeah. I'm not really good in picking such things. That's why I need ya, boy. She wants a book, but I don' really know about that funky stuff. Would ya help me?\" Chappie actually felt relief, no crazy stuff today, they will just go and buy a book. That actually sounded very good. \"I tell you, it was huuuge and it wrecked that place.\" A loud laugh sounded around the whole room. In fact, this wasn't the first laugh that happened here today. Hippo was sitting on the chair and pounding table with one hand. The man was not clearly happy with the state of things and the fact he was laughed at. \"Hippo, when are you going to stop? It's not even funny anymore. Do you really think we are going to believe you that some big ass robot just dropped from the sky, and started to massacre everyone? If so, why we never saw it?\" \"I tell you, someone cleaned that place and took that fucking piece of shit.\" Everyone bursted into laughter again and Hippo frowned, angry and annoyed. He will show them, he will show them all! Hippo left the bar, frowning and thinking what to do with those not believing idiots. He saw it, he was there! It went like this for few months now, sometimes he actually wondered if it really wasn't just a dream, or a drug trip. Maybe he was really going crazy. In that case, why did everyone disappear? He wondered what would meet him today in the city. \"Deon, I'm so glad you call.\" \"Yeah, I may need a help.\" Deon was happy to hear his mother again. He was sitting in front of the computer screen. He managed to keep Vincent in the bed and take some rest, so now he could ask his mother for some advices. \"What is it?\" \"Vincent got sick, I guess he has a fever. You are better at helping others than I am, do you know what can help him?\" \"Of course, I'll write you down a list. Still, it's so nice you take care of each other like this, just like we always told you to do so.\" \"Mom, the advices, please.\" \"We should really make calls from now on, because there is still so much stuff I want to talk with you about. But you are right, that can wait, I'm going write down some things. When…\" Deon moved his ears curiously. \"When?\" \"When Turbo decides to get off the keyboard. It's not easy to write with a tortoise on keyboard.\" Chappie didn't really waste time and found the nearest bookstore. Of course he could find the book online at any moment, but that just didn't feel right. They wanted it to be the real book, so Yolandi could really hold it. There was just more meaning behind it. Ninja still clearly didn't get used to visit such places and he knew he would be totally lost without Chappie. Scouts were allowed everywhere, so there was no problem when they entered the store. He did this many times, even though this was the first time with Ninja accompanying him. Book stores were weird. There was that characteristic smell of paper that attacked the nose. Books were literally everywhere and there were also other things. Ninja never understood why they were selling the board games in the same store. He was not in his usual habitat and that freaked him out. He let Chappie to search for the book and was told that before it was done, he can go and look around this place. It almost looked like he expected the former gangster to read. Not to mention that few people were giving him a strange looks. To his bad luck, Chappie told him that the book was not here, so they had to go to different store. Oh, the joy. Chappie clearly didn't mind, he enjoyed going to bookstores, but Ninja's patience and taste was getting smaller and smaller with every next store they had to visit. Couldn't they have one damn book?! Ninja wondered how long he would be able to hold on, before his patience breaks. Then, every time he wanted to give up and just go home, he remembered why he is doing it. He was doing it for Yolandi, so, yes, he may be able to try one more damn store, or even two, or more… There was one last store, and if the book was not here, then they could only order it from the Internet. Ninja made it clear they need the book before the evening comes, so that was not the possibility. He also denied taking any responsibility for not thinking of it earlier and ordering the book earlier. Chappie didn't comment this behavior. It was Ninja, he didn't expect anything else. While they were looking for the book, Chappie noticed a new territory that was not yet explored by his curious mind. He took one of astrology books and started to browse it. Astrology, he never tried to study that before. Well, finally something new to make his troubled mind busy. They were lucky, the book they looked for was there. Ninja gripped his fingers into the book and it looked like he would be willing to wrestle Arnold Schwarzenegger, if that guy would want this book. No one will take it away, so he put it into the bag and was surprised to see Chappie also wanted a book. So he also paid for that thing and Scout happily put it inside the bag. When the task was accomplished, it was time to go home. They didn't see any real reason to spend time together. Yes, their relationship was much better than before, but they still didn't found anything in common that would keep the conversation between them. Chappie wondered if they are ever going to get along. To Chappie, it seems ironical he was able to get along with Vincent just fine, but not with Ninja. Vincent was talking with him, teaching him things. It almost looked like Vincent was used to take care or raise someone. Chappie fought the urge to go through databases and find out everything about Vincent's past, because it was very uncomfortable to just break the man's privacy. However, he was getting more and more convinced that Vincent has, or had children. If so, where are they now? Ninja was total opposite. Chappie knew that from the first day of his life and it didn't get better. Ninja didn't yell at him anymore but the man was not able to treat Chappie like a child or someone who is just growing up. He just didn't have the patience and maybe didn't even know how to do it. Looks like they will have a silent walk home. Well, they would, if they didn't land on the eyes of the certain man. \"I can't believe my own eyes.\" Ninja stopped on spot and felt a shiver run down his spine. He knew that voice and was almost scared to turn and face the truth. \"You still owe me money, Ninja, a LOT of money. And I want them all!\" Ninja and Chappie turned back to see someone they thought, they will never see again. Ninja gulped in the next second, while Chappie started to browse his memory. He knew this man, where did he… \"Hippo, what a pity, I thought you're dead.\" \"You will be, Ninja, after you give me my money!\" Chappie was staring at Hippo, putting the pieces together and suddenly it was all clear to him. He remembered exactly when he saw this man. \"I know you…\" Hippoe looked at Chappie. \"What?\" \"You were there that day, and wanted to hurt me and others.\" Hippo was looking with confused look at Scout. He was sure he never saw this one before. Why did that damn thing acted like it knew him? Then he finally realized he is staring at police droid that could crush his bones at any moment. \"Chappie… Did we ever tell you that it wasn't Vincent, who shot Deon? It was Hippo.\" Chappie turned to Ninja. He always assumed it was Vincent's doing. They never talked about that moment and Chappie never asked. He just assumed it was Vincent's fault. So he wasn't the one who shot Deon. Why would Ninja lie to him now? Scout slowly looked at man. \"You. Should. Run.\" Hippo finally understood in what situation he is in and started to run away. Ninja looked at Scout, who was gathering anger in his mind. That wasn't good, if he gets furious again, Ninja didn't know what would stop him. Chappie's mind was suddenly full of hatred. Not really towards Ninja. No one said who shot Deon, they decided to not talk about it, but he hated this man. He hated him with passion! Ninja didn't dare to talk and he just watched as Chappie started to run. What was he even supposed to do in moment like this? Chappie was running, his mind processing all that anger and complicated thoughts. It was not really his decision, it was more like an instinct. The only thing that flew in his mind was to kill this man, without even thinking about it. He will pay for what he did to Deon! Deon… Suddenly, Chappie's mind got back in control, making him stop on place. What was he doing? Memories rushed through his mind. No, he didn't want to do it again. He didn't want to kill people, not again. What would become of him? No, this wasn't right. Ninja appeared beside him, looking at Scout. \"Chappie?\" The robot grabbed the man's arm and ran in opposite direction, than he intended before. \"Ey, what are ya doin?!\" Running away, that's what he was doing. Running away from himself. Hippo actually noticed this behavior and started to wonder. Why did that robot changed the mind so suddenly? Well, this could be useful, for him, of course. \"Chappie, Chappie, stop!\" Scout stopped and leaned himself and Ninja on the wall, before looking back. Of course, Hippo couldn't be seen anywhere, but it felt right to look back. Chappie then finally let go of Ninja and let himself slide down to the ground, putting arms on his knees. Ninja was not usually the one to show sympathy or worry, but in this case, he kneeled down next to Scout. \"Chappie? What's wrong, boy?\" \"Not again. I don't want to. Not again.\" \"Deon, please, I told you don't have to do this.\" \"Hush.\" Deon pulled Vincent back on the pillow and reached to him with a tea in second hand. \"Just shut up and drink it.\" The older man snorted, annoyed. He still took the cup and started to drink. Deon sat on the bed, watching the Australian. He knew there would be a big smile on his own face right now, even though that wasn't possible now. \"I still don't get it, why are you so nice to me? What did I do to deserve this? Besides… trying to kill you.\" \"It's a right to thing to do, to take care of others. I was raised like that.\" Deon looked at Vincent, who was staring at him with cup in both hands. \"Don't worry, you did much more than just trying to kill me. We won't ever talk about it again, okay?\" Vincent nodded slowly. \"Okay…\" \"You know, I didn't even ask, how did you like my family?\" Vincent leaned on the pillow, taking the deep breath. \"I liked them… It's just… Your brother.\" \"He'll get used, we all need to… Well, I guess you need to rest now, I shouldn't bother you with my family right now. Do you like the tea?\" His friend smiled genuinely. \"I still don't understand why you bother so much.\" \"Because you need help, I thought we help each other.\" \"Deon…\" Long ears rose, focused. \"I don't remember when someone was so nice to me. It's such a long time ago. It's just so weird to me that you are still trying to be nice and help. Even after all those months…\" Deon let his mind process these words and then just gave out a sound of sigh. \"I guess it's just my bad luck, because you are now probably the best friend I have right now.\" Vincent looked at him, surprised. \"Heh, you mean that?\" \"I like others, don't get me wrong, but aside Chappie, I spend most time with you.\" \"I feel so sorry for you.\" Deon chuckled. \"You should.\" Then he fell silent. It was all true, but to be honest with himself, he had to admit it wasn't that bad. It felt good to actually spend time with someone else and not just sit in front of computer and work on something. His life was so different since Chappie was born and aside being a robot, he actually wouldn't want the old life back. It was funny, how much he now realized what he was missing for all these years. Just now, he saw how lonely he was and how empty he felt. He knew he was lonely, that's why he created Dexter and Rory on first place, to have a company. Now it hit him. No, he wouldn't want the old life back. Even though it hurt a lot to achieve where they are now. \"Deon?\" He got back to reality and shook his head. \"Sorry, just thought about something. Do you need something else?\" \"I think I'll manage.\" Deon just nodded, maybe a little disappointed and it looked like he was about to leave. Vincent coughed a little to get his friend's attention. \"But… Do you think you could stay a little longer? I would like to talk to someone, when I spend all day in bed.\" Deon looked back at his friend. \"Sure. Well, do you want something to eat? And we can watch TV, like you know, movies and everything. Just like on college.\" Vincent smiled. \"Why not?\" Ninja was sitting next to Chappie, waiting. It was so uncomfortable when this kid fell silent, it meant he was thinking. Ninja was sure he was not thinking about anything good right now. Still, sitting here wasn't the best idea either. \"Chappie, come on. Ya can think about stuff at home.\" He tried to pull Chappie by his arm and get him on his feet. Not that he would be even able to move the arm. \"No…\" \"What's your problem, kid?\" Chappie lowered his head, hiding it behind his arms. \"I don't want to hurt anyone, not anymore.\" Ninja stopped pulling the arm and looked at Scout. What was he talking about? Ninja was never the one to have deep thoughts, but this stopped him on the place and made him think. It took a while, but his memory browsed to the part, when Chappie practically went crazy and went on killing rampage. Suddenly it wasn't so hard to understand. \"Chappie, let it go, boy. It's gone.\" \"It's not! I still feel it! I don't want to be a monster…\" Ninja blinked, confused. \"Who ever said ya are?\" \"I know how you were looking at me that day.\" Ninja sighed deeply. Where was Deon right now? Or Yolandi? Anyone, but him. He was not the right one to talk to Chappie about such things. What was he supposed to do? \"Chappie, we all screw up. We all make stupid shit, ya are not special. Ya are just as dumb, stupid and screwin' up shit like we all do! Ya are like us, the same idiotic moron! Don't think ya are somethin' extra, boy, just because you did one shit damn mistake! God damn it!\" Chappie was staring at him, speechless. Did Ninja just call him stupid and dumb? One thing was for sure, it dragged him out of his depressing thoughts. Ninja also realized what he did. He yelled at him, oh, no. He shouldn't do that. He had no idea, how Chappie will react to this. Now he was the one who screwed it up. \"Chappie, boy, I didn't want to say that. I didn't mean-\" \"You're right.\" \"Ja, I'm…. what?\" \"You're right. I'm not anythin' special. Someone just had to say that.\" Chappie's ears move up and down, thinking. That may be it. \"Here you are!\" Both of them, Ninja and Chappie, turned to see Hippo. There was no time, Chappie grabbed Ninja and started to run, it won't be too hard to get rid of this man. Maybe he could finally find the answer to his troubles on this day. He wondered if other are having a better time. \"Thank you, Epsilon, I think that's enough sugar.\" Michelle took the cup of coffee. \"Why would I spend my precious money outside, when I can have good coffee in my home?\" \"Madam, I suggest you drink that coffee very carefully.\" The woman sipped the drink and then spit it up right on Epsilon's violet finish. \"Pf, it's hot!\" \"You are certainly right, I feel how it burns my sensors.\" \"Michelle, are ya sure that he shouldn't be at TetraVaal?\" Yolandi gave Epsilon a questioning look. \"Oh, don't worry about it, Miss, I am controlling every operation right now. I am able to be here and serve you.\" \"I don't think this is why Deon made you.\" \"Don't worry, Miss Yolandi, I am happy with my current existence. It makes me genuinely happy to serve you and help you with any possible trouble you come across.\" \"Not gonna complain about that, but I am really disappointed that all shops where I wanted to go are closed today. This is like some conspiracy.\" \"I rather wonder what are others doin'.\" Epsilon's ears rose. \"I might have an answer for you, Miss Yolandi. Deon wanted to see Mister Vincent, since he didn't respond a call. Chappie left with Mister Ninja, I'm sure they are all having a good time.\" Hippo snorted, annoyed and pissed. How dare they run away from him? Again?! He will settle the score with Ninja, but he was still wondering about that Scout. It was running away from him, like it was afraid. Still, it looked like that damn thing knows him. Well, if that thing is not going to defend itself, he will have fun. On the other place, Ninja was quite sick of running. Then he realized they were on location he knew very well. \"Chappie, stop. We can hide here. I know this place.\" Scout stopped and let Ninja lead the way. It looked like some abandoned playground and there was a tube. Ninja started to crawl through it and Chappie followed him. It was a surprise for him when they entered a small room that was covered with grass and flowers. It like it was some old abandoned cottage. Even though there was a lot of grass, there was still enough light coming through windows. \"This place is abandoned for a long time. I think some crazy dude lived here. We used to hang around here a lot.\" Chappie looked around to see every detail. \"Mommy too?\" \"Ja. We know each other for some time. I think he won't bother to look here. I tell ya, I've seen some shit in this city.\" Chappie nodded and actually sat down, leaning on the wall, thinking. Ninja also put down the bag and took a deep breath. The man then looked at Chappie, who was clearly browsing his mind. This day was more and more difficult to handle. He really didn't expect Hippo, how was that guy still alive? He punched him so hard back then. Well, that wasn't the main problem now. What was he supposed to with Chappie? Spending time with him was not actually that bad, it was just awkward, mainly when he remembered on those first days. He was never the one to make any sense, but he still sat next to Scout. \"Look, boy, I know I was never nice to ya. Mainly when ya were born, and it's hard for me to tell you some nice shit.\" Ninja sighed. \"Ya know, I didn't have it easy in life.\" \"Well, at least something we have in common.\" \"Ya know, me and my own dad never really understood each other. I guess dat explains, why I don't know how to handle ya, or just be nice to ya.\" Chappie raised his ears curiously. \"Really?\" \"Ja. Ya know, how you get along with Deon?\" \"Chappie nodded. \"Ja.\" \"I never had that with my dad, the bond, or how ya call it. Deon is nice to ya, and takes care. Ya have it much better than I did. My dad never really took care of me. So, I guess I also don't know how to do it. Sorry for puttin' you through so much shit.\" Chappie was watching the man for a while. Ninja then took out the cigarette and lighten it up, putting it into his mouth and breathing out the cloud of smoke. \"I know ya have a problem, we all know. I'm just not right person tell ya what to do. Say, are ya scared?\" \"Ja…\" The reply was slow and Chappie was actually thinking whether he should answer, but he did. \"Good, ya would be crazy, if not.\" \"I'm so scared I would hurt someone, someone close. I don't want to be a monster, I don't want to kill, but…\" \"People screw it up, so ya have no other choice. Chappie, remember what I told ya? If you want to survive, you must fight. For the most part, it's you, or them. Tell me, if anyone would attack Deon, mommy, or anyone of us, what would ya do?\" \"Protect you.\" \"Ja, exactly. Do ya think dat's a bad thing to do?\" \"No, it isn't, I mean… Sometimes I just don't know anymore. I don't want to hurt people, sometimes I just wish they would leave me and all of you alone.\" \"But that's not gonna happen, Chappie. I know how it goes in life. You must do what is needed, even when you don't like it. You must. I know it stinks, but if someone punches you first, you are right to punch him back. We don't think ya will go crazy again. Just remember we have your back and ya are fine.\" Chappie started to think. Ninja could be right. He didn't attack people on purpose, he was just defending himself and the ones he loved. What was wrong about it? Yes, it went bad and he lost himself, but he was able to find a way back, thanks to those he cared about. So maybe, just maybe, if he always remembers he is loved and wanted, he will never lose himself again. It was not about what he was doing, but for whom. If he decides to step back and don't fight, his family might get hurt. Ninja was right, he had to fight, even when it was just a defense. It was just so ironic that out of all the people, Ninja was the one who made him realize what is the right way. He had to be dragged off his comfort zone and be yelled at, to realize what to do. Of course the depression won't get away in a second, but he already felt better. It was like finding your way back, when you were lost in the dark. Still, sometimes it looked like you have to be harsh to your close ones to help them. That was such a bizarre concept, compared to what Deon and Yolandi taught him. \"Ninja, thanks.\" \"Ya are thankin' me for yellin' at you?\" \"Ja, because now I know what to do. Also, this may sound weird, but why don't we spend more time together?\" Ninja gave him ironic look. \"Because I'm annoying fucker that no one wants hang around with. At least that's what everyone says.\" There was an awkward moment of silence. \"So, you are not really mad at me anymore?\" Chappie shook head. \"Nah. We could watch some cartoons.\" \"...Ja.\" Ninja scratched his nose. \"Well, we should go.\" Chappie stood up and Ninja blinked, curiously. \"What about Hippo?\" \"We'll let him go. I think he will find us, but I don't want to bother with him today, we have a book to deliver.\" Deon stayed with Vincent, just as he promised, making the older man a company. Vincent was very thankful, because Deon was talking with him, keeping his mind occupied. It was much better to spend day with someone, than just lay in bed and being all alone. When he felt better, they got downstairs into living room and got settled on the coach. Here they could watch something and there were more windows to open for fresh air. Deon admitted he may not be the best cook and it was few months, since he tried to cook something, but he still offered Vincent a meal. Australian accepted gratefully. Overall, the day was not so bad at all. Not with someone to talk to and spend time with. When they were watching movies, it was like they were two small boys having good time and arguing from time to time. Sometimes small silly moments like this were needed in life. Deon was mainly glad to see Vincent is getting better, that was the most important thing. Chappie with Ninja headed back home, but they didn't find Yolandi. She left a note that she was at Michelle's house, so they decided to pay them a little visit. They were surprised to also find Epsilon there. Yolandi had a Chelsea on her lap and was patting the bunny. Ninja handed the book to Yolandi. She was happy about the gift, but one smirk to Chappie made it clear she knew he was helping. Ninja didn't notice, but Chappie did. He stayed for a while, but then he decided to head back home with Epsilon. There was a work to do. He also called Deon, who explained the whole situation and that he won't be coming home yet, and that was actually good in this moment. For Chappie. Epsilon went with him. Both Scouts entered the house, and when they arrived into Chappie's room, Chappie started to sort things. Then he booted up the computer and Epsilon was watching him. \"What do you have in mind?\" Chappie stopped and looked at window that was full of sunlight. Evening was coming. \"I will make things right. You know, I was worrying too much, fearing myself, but that won't solve the problems.\" He looked at Epsilon, his ears raising. \"So, you finally found answer?\" Chappie smiled. \"I hope so. I may be flawed, I finally understood I'm not special. Being flawed is part of being a human. I may not be right, but I'll try. I was slackin' off the whole month, it's time to get back to work.\" The other Scout nodded. \"May I be any help?\" \"Ja.\" He looked at computer and connected his mind with it, booting up the programs. \"I think… we will have a new friend, Epsilon, very soon, but shhhhh.\" Chappie even put a finger in front of his face. Yes, no one should know about this, not yet. After setting up few things, Chappie decided to visit Vincent's house. If he was really sick, it made Chappie worried. He never experienced sickness himself, but he was sure it was unpleasant for humans or animals. He entered the house and was quite surprised to find Deon with Vincent sitting on the coach, leaning on each other. They were both sleeping and there was a TV on. They must have fall asleep, while watching it. Chappie just smirked for himself, turned off the TV and looked at them again. They looked so happy like this, safe. Chappie found a blanket and covered them both, but he also snuggled to Deon's side. He will stay here with them, it felt right. ","Summary":" Reviews are always welcomed :3 Titles by song from Simple Plan - Try Michelle said there wouldn't b"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Anchor","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12246314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys, reviews are welcome :) The story is named after song by Novo Amor - Anchor Deon had to take few mental breaths to keep himself together. Maybe they will survive this day, somehow. Vincent came next to him with hands folded on his chest. The older man looked back at Cade who came with him. Deon immediately rushed to his younger brother, pulling him carefully into a hug. He was so happy to see his brother again. Even though Cade was annoyed by Vincent's presence, the joy was mutual. Bruce and Avani joined the group, since they were all here, maybe they could get some explanation. \"Deon, dear, can you tell us what is exactly happening? Your father and I are rather confused.\" Avani pointed at Epsilon. \"Who is this?\" Deon sighed in his robotic way and reached to Epsilon, offering him the hand. His child grabbed it and rose to his full height, next to his father. \"I guess we will never meet without me surprising you. You remember telling me so many times you want grandchildren? Well, Chappie is not the only one anymore.\" Both parents stared at the purple Scout. \"Mom, dad, this is Epsilon, and I am very sorry for telling you about him just now.\" \"What do you mean by just now?\" Bruce asked. \"You know, he was born before we visited you, but he didn't go with us, for certain reasons.\" \"Deon, I know I pushed you a lot when it came to children, but I think you should slow down.\" Avani sighed deeply and looked directly into Epsilon's eyes. The woman slowly reached to the Scout, glad he didn't flinch away. \"Well, can you talk? You didn't say single word, are you scared of us?\" Epsilon shook his head. \"I just don't know what to say…\" \"We look a lot alike, don't we?\" Chappie wrapped arms around Epsilon from behind, looking at Bruce and Avani. Meanwhile, Cade was looking at all of them, putting all pieces together. He was interested in the fact why Deon didn't take Epsilon with them back then. However, that didn't' matter now. \"So, you mean I have two nephews?! OH, MY TURTLE, THAT'S SO AWESOME!\" Cade pulled both Scouts close. \"Another turtle in the family!\" He looked at Epsilon. \"Or maybe, you are a tortoise.\" \"I'm a robot.\" Cade got closer and whispered. \"Yeah, and the others think I am a human.\" Both Scouts were looking at him with questionable look, but when they saw Deon just shrugging it off, they decided it was not too important to think about. Vincent was visibly having the doubts and not understanding Cade's words. Deon chuckled, putting hand on his friend's shoulder, giving him signal to let it go. \"I'm sure you are all tired. Take a seat and then we can continue with you getting know each other, okay?\" Deon talked loudly, so the others could hear him. \"I'll take care of your things.\" Chappie wiped his non-existing nose and went outside, ready to take all luggages and bags at once. Lucy tapped on Deon's metal shoulder, making him look at her. \"Does this mean that I am their aunt?\" \"Heh, I guess so.\" \"You know, when I got to know you are… gone, I was bothered you never got to have a children. I'm so glad I was wrong with so many things.\" Deon laughed slightly, he was so happy to see her again, to see everyone. Days like this were one of the few occasions when he felt like it's worth to continue living. The only reason he was willing to stay on this world, in this form, were people dear to him. Deon was so happy they were all here. They will take rest for today and after that celebrate. He was very happy to see Lucy was very curious about her newly found nephews. They knew each other for a very long time and it seemed like she was totally okay with him having robots as children. Maybe she even expected such thing… Avani was visibly amazed to see Deon's home was actually clean and things were on their rightful places. She was used on Deon's mess so the floor was hidden under dirty clothes. She almost could not believe this was home of her son. She was very interested in Chappie's and Epsilon's room. It reminded her a lot of times when both Deon and Cade were still living with her and Bruce. Mainly when they were still kids. Sometimes Avani missed those times. Chappie and Epsilon reminded her of her sons so much. They were just so eager to show her everything. She loved it. Look like she finally got those grandchildren that she was always hoping for. This place felt much friendly and lively since Chappie and Epsilon were here. It was so much better than the last time, when Deon was still alone here. Bruce noticed there is a lot of food. First he assumed it was here because of them but Deon admitted most of it is for Vincent, since he spends a lot of time at this place. Bruce couldn't almost believe that his son has a social life now, but he was happy about it. He just could get friends when he was still a human. Deon expected his father and Vincent to start talking about military stuff just like last time and he wasn't disappointed. Deon was glad Vincent was going along with his family. There was always Cade, but he hoped his brother will understand one day. Maybe. What Deon didn't really expect was that his family was really going to make a proper birthday party for him. Considering what he has been through, this sounded like a sci-fi to him. He was actually going to celebrate his birthday, with family and friends, it was no dream. It was too good to be real, yet he could not wake up. Chappie was visibly reading his mind and hugged him from behind, to let him know this is reality. To his surprise, Yolandi with Ninja also came. Michelle didn't came, she had to be in work. Lucy was rightfully surprised what kind of friends Deon had. Very interesting friends… When they all settled down in the living room, Deon knew he should say something, but just couldn't find right words. Chappie and Epsilon were sitting by his side and holding his hands. This was the first birthday that he was going to celebrate with them. This was also the first birthday he will celebrate as robot, but ironically he was celebrating with more people than last year. \"I'm glad you are all here. I just really don't know what to say.\" Everyone around him chuckled. \"I guess you will have to eat all the cake.\" \"Well, first you will open my turtle present.\" Cade came to his brother with a colorful box and Deon looked at it curiously. \"I hope it's not lettuce…\" \"Lettuce needs more time to be really tasty, but I have got something else for you.\" Deon didn't really expect to get many presents. It had to be very complicated to think of presents for him. This body didn't really give him many options. That however didn't stop his family from getting him plenty of presents. He was very surprised to see Chappie and Epsilon also had gift for him. \"Boys, you didn't have to give me anything.\" \"In that case, we would miss your surprised face then.\" Chappie chuckled and Epsilon put present into Deon's hands. Their Maker slowly opened it and studied something that resembled a book. When he opened, he understood, it was a photo album, even with photos inside. \"You really bothered to do such thing?\" Both Scouts nodded and Deon pulled them both close. \"Thank you.\" \"We couldn't think of better present.\" \"Don't worry, this is perfect. You took images form your own memories, didn't you?\" It may seem strange to take own memories and make pictures of them. He didn't complain, it was an interesting idea. They all stayed in the living room and Avani was still saying, how surprised she is by the state of this house. \"I'm not that crazy about cleaning up, but sometimes I was really worried by how messy Deon's places can be.\" Yolandi shrugged. \"It couldn't be that bad.\" Avani snickered. \"Well, one time it looked like there was a rat poison instead of sugar in the sugar bowl.\" Vincent immediately spit out his coffee and then looked into the cup. He actually expected Cade to laugh at him, but that didn't happen for some reason. Cade was actually silent right now. Why? Chappie with Epsilon took the album and showed it to Lucy. This was at least some way to make her familiar with their situation and time that passed. Cade went outside and Vincent went to Deon. \"Deon, is your brother sick?\" Deon looked at his friend with a questioning look. \"Why?\" \"Because he doesn't bother to insult, call me names and other stuff. You should check on him.\" Deon watched Vincent leave the room and thought about his words. Maybe he should really check on Cade, could be something wrong? Deon found his brother sitting outside of the house, looking at the sky. He sat beside Cade. Vincent was right, something was wrong with Cade, it could be seen on the first sight, but Deon until now didn't have time to study his brother's behavior. \"Cade, is something wrong?\" \"What? No, no, everything's alright, why?\" Deon was staring at him with a strict look, the same look that he was using to tame Chappie and Epsilon. \"Okay, not everything is as okay as I would want…\" Deon had to congratulate himself, looks like his skills at gaining control and respect of others was getting better. \"What happened?\" Cade sighed deeply. \"Some time ago, I got a new tortoise. It was given to me, because the previous owner didn't know how to take care of it. I don't want to go into details, but it lost hind legs…\" Deon gently wrapped arm around his brother's shoulder and pulled him close. This was enough to make him understand, because he knew so well how much these animals mean to Cade. He also didn't say anything when Cade curled to him, looking for comfort. He was visibly happy that he can see his brother again and that he understood. \"I wish I could help you somehow…\" \"The only thing that could help would be new legs for that poor little tortoise, but I don't think you have that lying around…\" Deon sighed, but then he got an idea. \"I don't, but maybe I know someone who could help.\" Cade gave him a surprised, but also hopeful look. \"Really?\" They went to Chappie's and Epsilon's room and they were just sitting on the bed with Lucy. Deon came to his sons and asked them. \"I want to ask you something, both of you.\" Both Scouts gave him full attention. \"Cade would need your help.\" Deon's brother sat on the chair, while Deon sat on the floor. Chappie leaned closer. \"What is it?\" Cade started to explain everything. Lucy knew the whole story already and hated to see Cade talk about it. It was hurting him, but Epsilon and Chappie clearly understood. They didn't want Cade to talk about it more than was needed. \"Do you think you can help somehow?\" Deon asked and Cade rubbed his arms, trying to stay calm. He was really uncomfortable when he was talking about this. He didn't even know if it was a right thing to do, travel here when this was happening. Chappie and Epsilon were thinking for a few seconds, but right now they didn't have answer. What could they do? Making new legs for an animal was something they didn't experienced. They both knew it was right thing to do, but some time will be needed to figure it out. \"I hope so, but we'll need time to think of something. This is new, but I promise we'll try our best. There should be a way.\" \"Really?\" Cade's voice was full of surprise, shock, but also hope. He rushed to them and grabbed Chappie's and Epsilon's hands. \"THANK YOU! I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU CAN DO, BUT THANK YOU!\" Epsilon tried to calm him down. \"Just give us time, OK?\" Deon sighed happily for himself. The message was delivered, not hey just needed to figure out something. For some reason, he didn't have doubts. He knew his sons will come up with something, they always do. He didn't expect Vincent to grab him by his arms and drag him to his bedroom, but that happened. \"Vince, what are you doing?\" \"I need to apologize. Deon moved his ears in curious manner. \"For what?\" \"I'm sorry, Deon. I didn't forget, but I just…\" \"You couldn't think of anything for me, right?\" Vincent nodded, ashamed. \"That's okay, Vince. I understand it must be hard to figure out presents for a… robot.\" \"Don't think of yourself like that, you are much more. Still, this is stupid. What would you want? I'll get you anything if it's even a little possible.\" Deon blinked and his ears moved in curious manner. Anything he said? Before his mind could start and go crazy, he stopped himself. There was so much he wished for, but he knew it was impossible. Deon knew exactly what he wanted, he wanted him … \"Deon, Deon, hey, wake up. Did you get blue screen or something?\" Vincent snapped fingers and that finally brought Deon back to reality. \"Eh, sorry, I got lost in my own mind again.\" A metallic hand rose to his face, before Deon once again realized he doesn't have to adjust glasses. \"What would you like?\" Deon looked at his friend and then whispered. \"Stay, please…\" Vincent chuckled. \"Deon, I am here everyday. Can't you think of something else?\" He was surprised when his friend took his hand with a tight grip. \"No, that's all I want…\" Vincent blinked and tried to figure out Deon's words, in the end he just nodded and Deon hugged him tight. At first, Vincent thought that he really screwed up and Deon was just trying to hide he is disappointed by Vincent for not getting him any present. Now he knew it was not true because his friend relaxed in his embrace. Was his presence really the only thing that Deon wanted from him? Well, if so, so be it, but he didn't see anything that amazing about it. Once again, they both didn't notice Chappie, who was silently watching them. At the same time, he was showing Epsilon what he is seeing and hearing. Sometime he was asking himself, if it's right to sneak up on them like this. However, this was the only way how to get all the pieces of puzzle. It was all coming together and he was starting to understand. The more he knew, the worse he felt, because the truth was very sad to realize. He knew he can't fix this Deon was longing for something that could not be achieved in this robotic body. That was a big problem, because there were only two options. He will slowly grow apathetic, so he can avoid those emotions, or he will go crazy. The worst thing was that Chappie could only stand there and watch it. There was an easy answer, he and Epsilon will do something about it, or they will slowly watch their father die mentally. The only question was, how much time they had? Chappie flinched when he noticed Vincent turned around and the Scout immediately vanished. The Australian was still looking, wondering if he really saw Chappie and if so, what was he doing there? The Scout scolded himself for losing focus and hoped he was fast enough. He didn't have any taste to explain why he was just standing there and watching them. He came to his bedroom and Epsilon was already waiting there. \"We're screwed, aren't we?\" Chappie sighed, closing the door behind him and sweeping his non-existent nose. He folded arms on his chest and leaned on the door. \"If we don't do something, yes, we are, my dear brother.\" \"So, what do we do?\" Epsilon slowly and gently took Chelsea into his arms and the bunny gladly leaned on his chest. \"I don't know yet, but I'm damn stupid for noticing and realizing this earlier. At first I thought that when I put him into another body, I save him, but no. He can't live like this forever, we must find some other way.\" Epsilon looked at bunny in his arms. \"The only way would be to give new body, that is more like a human one…\" \"Ja, but this is the first time, when I feel like I may not able to do such thing. It's simply too complicated…\" Chappie sat down on the floor, putting arms around his legs. Epsilon came to his brother and sat in front of him. \"If we can't make it, no one else will.\" Chappie frowned. \"So you want to try?\" Epsilon nodded. \"We are his only hope and giving up isn't our thing. We can do it.\" He let Chelsea to sit down on the floor and the bunny slowly hopped away. \"Do you think he really…\" Chappie nodded. \"I have no longer any doubts about it. At first I was not sure, but seeing how he acts around Vincent, I'm sure. That's one of factor that I didn't count in. Damn, humans are difficult.\" \"So?\" Chappie sighed. \"You're right, we must try, we have to. There is no other way around that. We'll get him new body, a better one, the best in the world and-\" Chappie suddenly stopped. \"Wait… that's it!\" Epsilon watched his brother open the door and run out of the room. He himself stayed sitting there and Chelsea curiously hopped to him, visibly asking what is happening. Epsilon just smiled and patted the bunny on the back. Chappie ran down to the living room and rushed to Cade. \"Cade! I got it! I know what to do!\" Young man looked at him curiously. \"Really\" \"Ja!\" Epsilon went to check on Deon and Vincent, probably telling them to come to others. However, when he carefully opened the door, he saw them sitting on the floor and looking at window. From what they were saying, Epsilon recognized they were watching stars and the moon. He didn't want to disturb them and he even stopped Dexter in his tracks, because he wanted to clean that room. Epsilon sent him away, to find another place to clean up. He then wanted to close the door and let them be. Before he finished this task, he was looking at them for a while, enjoying the peaceful image. Then he finally closed the door, Chappie was doing this and Epsilon thought it would be very indecent behavior of him. Watching someone without telling them just wasn't right in his eyes. Chappie spent some time explaining how difficult this task will be and of course, he didn't come with a solution, yet. There was an idea, a vision his mind, but that was not enough. Well, the idea was enough for now. They needed to take care of other things as well. \"There are many obstacles that we would have to overcome before we even start to work. First, you need to go back home and bring that tortoise, then go back. We also don't need stuff for the operation, like equipment and place. This is operation of organic living being, we can't just do that in livin' room.\" Cade started to realize that maybe he was getting excited too soon. Getting to England and back here would cost so much money. There was no way around that, but he didn't want his drain his parents' finances. The supplies were totally different story. They had such thing on university, but he just couldn't go there and take everything without asking. He also could not bring Chappie or anyone looking like him there. There would be so many questions that should rather be avoided. He sighed deeply and rubbed his face. Vincent was curiously watching his mind process with crossed arms on the chest. Chappie was right, there were many obstacles. The plan could work, he and Epsilon knew how to fix this, but they didn't have material support for it. Even though there was a right cause, even that would not make them go into hospital and steal shit. This was not stealing of another Scout body, they needed proper medical equipment and finances. He didn't like it but there was a voice in his head, telling him what to do. He could help, he knew how. Cade was giving him a lot of bullshit, but Vincent was still taking like punishment for his mistakes. However, this was now about a small innocent being that needed help. Vincent was reminded of the day when they found a small bunny on the street and took it in. Yes, Cade didn't like him, there was maybe even hatred, but Vincent had to be better than this. In the end, he took a deep breath. \"I'll do it.\" Deon turned to his friend. \"Vince, what did you say?\" \"I said, I'll do it, I'll pay it.\" \"You're serious?\" The Australian nodded and Deon felt how proud he is of his friend. He had so much respect for Vincent right now. Deon hugged the man with joyful words. \"Thank you! It means so much for Cade!\" \"Yeah, I know…\" Deon's brother was giving them shocked look. Did he really hear that right? \"You really want to help?\" \"I guess. We're talking about an innocent being that needs help. If I can help that tortoise somehow, I will do it.\" These words made Cade blink curiously. He thought at first this may be some cruel joke, but Vincent seemed very sincere about the whole thing. He didn't care how many problems lies between them, he just wanted to help poor little animal. This actually cracked Cade's point of view on the older man. There were also Deon's words in his mind right now, saying Vincent is actually a good person. Could that be true? Chappie sighed. \"Sadly, that is not the only problem that would need to be solved. We would need equipment for such operation and I don't think we can just go and take it from hospital.\" Vincent rubbed his neck. \"That's true, but I think it won't be a problem. Don't forget I was a soldier, so I have some very useful contacts. I'll get you everything, just don't ask where I got it.\" \"You're not gonna kill someone, are you?\" Epsilon raised his ears and Vincent actually had a problem to say if this was a joke. \"No, not this time. You get that tortoise here, I'll take care of material, and you two will do your job.\" Chappie winked. \"Sounds right to me. Also, since this will take some time, I guess you will have to stay here for few days, Cade.\" Vincent's face changed into stone when he heard that. Great, not only Cade will be here, but he is also the one paying it. Cade was visibly in much better mood and it was already deep night. Still, they were all talking. Cade didn't know how to feel about Vincent right now, or what to tell to him. Should he thank him? Yes, yes, he should… Right now he was watching Lucy who was peacefully and happily resting between Chappie and Epsilon. She instantly accepted them as part of the family. It didn't matter they were not humans, she was treating them like normal young, but very smart kids. He was accompanied by Deon, who just sighed. \"I think she is just too comfortable around them…\" Cade nodded. \"You know, when are you two going to have… your own children?\" \"Oh, you mean our little cute turtles, well first we need a nest, Deon.\" Deon chuckled lightly and gave his brother amused look. \"Cade…\" Younger brother sighed. \"I know, I know. It won't happen for few years, Deon. We both need to finish college and then get own place to live. I can't wait to be a parent, but it's not the right time, yet.\" \"You have a plan, at least. For me, it was a shock.\" Deon's long ears lowered, remembering everything. \"Well, if it wasn't for Chappie, who knows how long it would take for you to have children. It's just a pity that you ended up without any… partner.\" Deon sighed deeply. \"I guess that's something we will never be able to change. I have family, friends, Chappie and Epsilon. That has to be enough for me. It has to be…\" He smiled in fact, but gripped his hands. Cade noticed and then closed the door of the room. \"You know, bro, I don't understand why you like him.\" Deon used very strict tone. \"Cade, can you stop? I told you to not ask me about such thing.\" \"I am genuine. I am curious why him. Out of all the people on the planet, why that stupid gorilla.\" \"If I ever figure it out myself, I'll let you know. For now, stay quiet about it, please. I don't want anyone, or even him to know.\" \"Why?\" \"Because that will never happen. Sadly. Cade, please, it's already hard enough for me, stop asking.\" It looked like Deon is taking deep breath. \"Also, that stupid gorilla is willing to help you, you should be more thankful to him.\" \"That doesn't change or erase what he did to you. I don't understand what happened to you, you used to have clear mind, Deon. I don't care what you say about him, how can you ignore what he did to you?\" Deon was silent for a while, staring at his brother, thinking. Then he just frowned. \"You should get some sleep, it was a long flight, right? Also, I can take care of myself, little brother, you should take care of your own problems.\" Deon then left and Cade was still standing there, starring. Did he come too far? \"It's a pity Michelle couldn't come today, I'm sure she will be happy to see you.\" \"Yes, I'll be also happy to see her, after so much time.\" Avani smiled. \"Do you keep the promise? Vincent nodded. \"I try. I still think you have too much faith in me.\" \"Vincent, I live with an ex-soldier and after so many years, I learned how dependable people like you are. If he is not safe with you, than he won't be safe with anyone.\" Australian actually smiled and took a deep breath. \"If you say so.\" He then noticed Deon walking behind them and he didn't seem calm, it was like he was in rush. \"Would you excuse me? I think it's time for us all to have some rest.\" \"Of course. Good night, Vincent.\" The man left the living room and headed upstairs to Deon's bedroom, wondering what was the rush about. He was about to knock, when he heard sobs. Instead he slowly opened the door and found his friend sitting, arms wrapped around his legs and hiding his head. The Australian blinked in confusion and closed the door. Deon clearly ignored him, looks like he was once again deep in his mind. Vincent sat next to him, putting hand on his friend's back. \"Deon? What's wrong? I thought you'd be happy. Your family and friends are here, it's your birthday, it's not time to be sad…\" Deon finally looked at him. \"You're still here?\" \"You wanted me to stay, remember? What's wrong?\" \"I… I… I don't know anymore…\" He kept staring at Vincent and it was visible that he would have tears in his eyes. Vincent sighed. \"Can I help you somehow?\" What was going on? He saw Deon cry many times, but he always knew what was the cause. Right now he had no clue and Deon was not telling him anything useful. He could not see the storm of emotions that was raging inside his friend's min. He just didn't know what to do anymore. This was supposed to be a happy day. Then Cade came and ruined it. He was not mad at his brother, but he just couldn't decide which side was right. He knew he had to protect Vincent, because he knew how much the man changed and cared for him. On the other hand, Deon felt like he is betraying his own family. Cade had every right to be mad. What was he supposed to do? He felt horrible, sick, and he didn't even have a stomach for that. He could not have headaches, not in the real human way, but he felt like his head will explode. The next thing he saw was Vincent wrapping blanket around him. \"Shhh, it'll be fine. I don't know what's bothering you this time, but it'll be fine.\" \"Vincent, you don't have to…\" The man sat closer to Deon, wrapping arm around his metal shoulder and pulling him close. He took the rest of blanket wrapped himself in it. \"I'll stay till morning, if it's necessary.\" \"You really don't have to…\" \"Yeah, keep talking, that will help.\" Vincent smiled and then yawned. By the time, he learned how to recognize Scout expressions and he knew there was a light smile on Deon's face. \"Talk about what?\" \"Anythin', mate, anythin'...\" Deon finally relaxed a bit and put head on Vincent's shoulder. \"You smell…\" \"Heh, thanks. Happy birthday, Deon.\" His friend gave him a dear smile. \"Thank you, and thank you for staying…\" \"Remember, there is no one waiting for me at home. I can be here as long as you wish…\" Meanwhile, Epsilon hated himself. He promised Chappie he would keep an eye on them, because he felt there is something wrong with Deon. They all were slowly developing a very dependable telepathy. And sadly they were right. Still Epsilon hated to spy on them. He sighed deeply. \"Humans, so difficult to understand…\" ","Summary":" Hi guys, reviews are welcome :) The story is named after song by Novo Amor - Anchor Deon had to tak"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Anywhere for you - Part 2","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11785064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Feedback is always appreciated :) They were finally there. Not that the ride was so long, but at least for Deon it felt like forever. Actually everything will feel like forever, until he finally sees his family. Looks like he was once again the only one who was nervous. It always went like this, others were usually cool with every situation, but he had to freak out. He was the nervous freak of the group, what a joy. The contrast became even bigger since Vincent joined them, because Deon felt like nervous wreck compared to the older man. They were both paranoid, but Vincent was standing his ground without any problem. Deon had to use a lot of mental energy. Ninja with Yolandi was entirely different story. They could deal with problems, but didn't get as stressed as Deon. He hoped so much this whole thing isn't one big mistake. Now they were finally out of the car and his mind had other things to think about when they all saw a shiny white jet that was standing on runway. \"We have a jet?\" Vincent turned to Michelle, who nodded. \"Yes. Of course I didn't tell you, why would I, I am the boss, you are all my miserable employees. Why do I even tell you now? I could keep this thing just for myself.\" They were all looking at her with non-amused looks and Michelle just laughed. \"Oh, it's so funny to tease you. All right kids, go on, our plane waits.\" The group proceeded to the machine and Chappie looked rather excited. He was never so close to plane before, now he could finally see it, touch it and even get in. The plane was open and there was a woman standing in front of entrance, probably their pilot. Michelle was the first one to greet her and when she turned back, she wasn't surprised. They all became very careful and almost paranoid over time. \"It's okay, she knows about everything.\" Vincent still gave her a very curious and careful look. Chappie was right behind him, he visibly preferred to be to be behind the older man. \"I told her everything; she is one of few people that knows what happened here. I'm rather worried about her, because she doesn't know how much you smell, Vincent, yet.\" Australian frowned and wanted to say something, but decided to keep his mouth shut for once. Chappie was looking at the woman and studied her carefully. She was different then his mom and Michelle. They were both slim, but this woman was larger. She was taller than Michelle and her body had a stronger structure. It was really interesting, how many shapes could human bodies have. Since he didn't feel any danger and the woman looked harmless, he decided to step in front of Vincent and then come to woman. \"Nice to meet you, boy. I heard a lot about you.\" Chappie's ears moved up and down and he gave woman a careful look. \"Are you scared of me?\" \"What? No. I was actually eager to meet you. Not everyday you meet a talking robot who already has such a history.\" She turned and looked directly at Deon. \"That's your dad, right?\" \"Ja…\" \"You got my respect, man, it's not easy to raise a child. Well, hop on, kids, England is not right next door. And call me Jane.\" Chappie got in plane and Vincent came to Michelle. \"Where did you get her?\" \"You'll like this, Vincent, she's from armed forces, just like you.\" She then followed Chappie into the plane. Vincent blinked, thinking. \"Armed forces, huh?\" The group got inside of plane and the first matter that Chappie wanted to take care of was Chelsea. Yolandi put cage on the seat and then opened it, taking the bunny out. \"Come here, girl, come here.\" She put bunny on her chest and Chelsea started to sniff her. Ninja whistled when his eyes landed on interior of plane. \"Fookin shiny.\" He made himself comfortable in one of the seats, visibly happy with his current situation. He could get used on life like this. Vincent was curiously looking around. \"So, you decided to say goodbye to some of your money to get this thing?\" \"You are right, it's hard to say goodbye to money, but I need to build up some good image of this company.\" Vincent just smirked and then sat next to Deon. \"You okay?\" \"Y… Yeah. I'll be fine. It's also some time since I flew a plane. It'll be fine.\" Vincent nodded, clearly understanding him, but he still pulled Deon close with one arm, because he was clearly shaking. This will be one long trip. \"Okay, kids, sit on your asses and lock the seat belts. I'm also talking about your ass, boss.\" Michelle was quite shocked by this, but she still obeyed. The sooner they will be in the air, the better. Chappie sat next to Deon and put a cage with Chelsea on his lap. He was very curious what it is like in the air, but he wasn't scared. Deon on the other hand didn't look very well. Flying was never his favorite thing to do and nervousness made it even worse. Chappie took one of his hands to calm him down and his second hand was put on the cage. Vincent locked the belt and then looked at everyone else to see whether they did the same. He actually felt sorry for Deon, seeing his friend was still nervously shaking. \"It'll be okay, Deon, just relax.\" \"Yeah, it will be okay, no problem, no problem, no damn fucking problem!\" He felt like he would faint, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to fly, when he wasn't feeling well mentally. \"Jeez, chill out, dude.\" Ninja's words didn't really help, even when Deon knew this was his way of showing support. Chappie was holding his hand tight, but then he pulled him close with second arm, trying to get him under control. Vincent sighed and undone his safety belt. They couldn't take off until Deon calms down and that could take eternity like this. He went to Deon from the other side and hugged him. After a while Deon stopped shaking, but he didn't want Chappie or Vincent to let go. He needed to put himself together. It will be fine, it will be fine. \"Thanks… You know how to calm me down.\" \"Just put yourself together.\" Vincent clapped him on the back and Deon just nodded. \"I think we can take-off…\" It took some nerves to say that, but he did. Maybe he will relax when they are in the air. When the plane started to roll on the runway, Chappie looked through window. This was actually the first time he was leaving Johannesburg. The only time he got out of city was when they went to save Deon. This will be also the first time when he will see how it looks high up in the sky. Chappie was glad they are going to England, but it still felt unusual to leave the place where he was living his all his life. He was keeping a cage securely, so Chelsea was safe and then he turned to look at Deon. His Maker knew what he was thinking, and even when he was tortured by his own fears, held Chappie's hand tight. They will make it through somehow. They always do. The plane finally jumped off the ground and rose into the sky, just like a big bird. When the plane reached the right height and speed, everyone relaxed. \"This is your pilot speaking, sweeties, we are on our way, everything is fine and we will reach London around nine hours, so have a nice flight.\" Nine hours… This will be a long trip. Everyone undone their seatbelts and Vincent turned to Michelle. \"Nine hours. Any plans?\" \"Of course. We can play board games, look I got me new Monopoly, since you ruined the last one.\" She got answer in the form of disturbed looks. \"I am your boss, you will do what I say.\" \"You know what, Michelle, I would rather get killed than play that monstrosity again.\" \"Fine, I'll play by myself.\" They all watched her as she stood up and went straight to the bar, taking one of the bottles and drinking from it. \"I'll show you who is the best businesswoman.\" \"She wasn't drinkin' this much before.\" Yolandi whispered and everyone nodded, Michelle didn't hear them, since she continued in her assault on the bottle. \"You okay?\" Deon turned to Chappie, glad his child showed such a concern about him. \"I feel better, don't worry. You know, I just have a weird feeling, like we forgot about something.\" \"Like what?\" Deon was thinking for a while, before he could answer Yolandi. Yes, they forgot about something, but what? Deon was silent for a while, but then he groaned. \"The frog!\" Meanwhile, back at the Johannesburg, Epsilon was looking at the frog that was leaning on the glass. It was visibly demanding attention and maybe even food. What was he supposed to do in this situation? He wasn't programmed to take care of fat frog. He was here to check on Maker's house, but not feed this frog. Did it really have to lean on that glass? In the plane, Chappie raised his ears. \"I think it can survive without us.\" \"I know, but I don't want to imagine what it will do in the garden.\" Nine hours was quite some time to spend in the airplane. When Deon stopped to worry about the frog, he returned to being nervous and impatient. Chappie decided to sit in front of the window and look outside. The sky was so wide, big and there was a world, down there. So many people, animals and places, and they were up here and could look at it from such beautiful perspective. He already liked this trip, even when it's just because of possibility to see the world from up here. Yolandi sat next to him in a while and also looked at the sky. Chappie didn't really mind time spent in the plane. It didn't allow him to go anywhere, he had to stay here, and he was actually glad for it. This made him spend time with others and he loved it. After such a lonely month, when he was trying to run away from world and spend days alone, it reminded him how much he loved company of his family. Right now, leaning on someone and resting was enough for him. He liked to be silent and listen to others. The only thing that would disturb his mind was the urge to check on Chelsea. This urge disappeared when he saw that Chelsea was happily sitting in Vincent's arms. The world was so peaceful up here. Seeing all those different places was different than looking in the book. When they finally reached England, the sun was setting down. Everyone was looking through window to see cities, towns and totally different nature of this land. Chappie was amazed how green this land is. There were thick woods, green grass, everything was so different than in Africa. Animals were also different. There was also that thing that Deon called as fog. So this is the land where his Maker was born. Right now, all the depression was gone; there was only wonder and curiosity. They finally reached London. So many buildings, so many lights, it was big city like Johannesburg, but totally different. He even started to point at things, like a small child would. Deon didn't mind explaining things to him, he was just glad Chappie showed curiosity and passion again. He was asking until they landed and then Michelle started to talk. \"All of you, remember, this is not Johannesburg, so there is no crazy shit here. Act normal, or at least try to, remember, there are no robots on the street, so try to be as stealthy as possible. If anyone asks, you are my bodyguards and I am a rich countess, or some shit like that. Just don't do any stupid shit, all clear?\" Everyone nodded and started to get ready to leave the plane. There was a car waiting for them that will take them right to the house of Deon's family. It was getting dark, so that could help them to hide and make any commotion. Before they got out of plane, the pilot came to Vincent and waved with a paper in front of his face. \"What's that?\" \"My number. I like guys like you.\" Vincent was silent for a moment, but then he took the paper. \"Thanks, I'll take it, in case I need to fly somewhere.\" The woman blinked. \"And nothing more?\" Vincent took a bag and headed to door. \"A woman caused me enough problems, I don't need any more.\" Pilot was visibly disappointed, but she just sighed and shook her head. Vincent met with Deon's curious look. \"Don't say anything.\" Deon just sighed, not saying anything and then followed Vincent, getting out of the plane. The sight made him all sentimental; it was so long since he saw this place. He spent so many years of his life living here and now it seemed like a distant past. \"So this is London.\" Chappie turned to him and Deon nodded. \"Yeah.\" \"It's so damn cold here.\" Deon turned to Vincent who was showing a displeased look on his face. \"Get used to it.\" They left the plane and got into car. Jane will also stay here for few days, until they will leave. Being a pilot had for sure some advantages. The question was in what mood and how soon they will leave. Now came the hard part. The car was getting through streets of London and Deon had flashbacks anytime he saw a familiar place. They were all looking through window to see this big city that was now glowing with many lights. Chappie asking him every second about something he just saw was keeping him calm. He didn't really have time to be nervous. They finally reached the house and Deon sighed deeply. \"Well, we're here.\" Chappie pulled him close to comfort him. It was clear that no one would get out of the car until he says so. He still couldn't believe they made it this far. After those entire thing that happened, he could actually return here and see his family. One last look at others and then he nodded. \"I guess it's time to go.\" The group got out of car and Vincent whistled when his eyes landed on the house in front of them. \"Your family has such a nice house.\" \"I have so many good memories of this place; I wonder whether my room looks like when I left.\" \"You mean whether it looks borin's as your house?\" Deon didn't laugh, but others were visibly holding in the laughter. Except for Chappie, who looked at Ninja and man just shrugged. \"I'm just fooken honest.\" \"I'm going to talk with them first, is it okay with you, Deon?\" Michelle asked and Deon just nodded. They proceeded to the door and rang the bell. Michelle was standing on front of door and the others were standing behind her. Deon was wondering who would open, whose face he will see first after such a long time. When the door opened, he recognized face of his mother immediately. She was just like he remembered her. It was hard to just stand there and do nothing, be silent and wait for Michelle. \"Mrs. Michelle, you're finally here.\" Oh, how he missed that voice. \"Hello, Mrs. Avani, sorry we kept you waiting. It's such a long trip from Johannesburg.\" The Indian woman slowly looked at everyone who was standing behind Michelle. There were two men and… robots. The one with female face was maybe the most interesting to look at, but there was something odd about the other two. She felt like the blue one had something that she knew. Something was familiar about it. She didn't really know if she should call the robot it, but there was just something telling her that this one was important. Then she looked at the orange one and in that moment something struck her like a lightning. The woman slowly came to the Scout and noticed the robot flinched. She knew this, those movements those gestures. But, that couldn't be, it couldn't… Her hands reached out to orange shiny surface and then carefully touched it. Everyone was watching the scene with shocked look on their faces. Could this woman actually… \"Deon?\" There was a moment of silence, but it was soon broken by sobs. \"Hi… mom.\" Avani blinked and her eyes got filled clear tears. She didn't say anything, but no words were needed right now. Deon took her into a tight hug and started to cry. They both cried, but thank God, this time it was because of happiness. Avani didn't clearly mind the cold metal body, she was hugging Deon, just like before. She didn't even care how it was possible, she just knew that it's her son and he finally returned home. That was the most important thing right now, nothing else mattered. Others were watching them with smiles on faces. Ninja looked at Vincent who actually shed a tear away from his eye. \"Dude, you cry?!\" \"No… Had something in the eye.\" Chappie was watching Deon and his mother, not noticing anything else, so he didn't hear Ninja and Vincent talking. He never saw anything like this before. Yes, he spent so much time with Deon, and he saw him cry many times, but never like this. He never saw Deon reunite with someone so dear to him. Chappie saw so many horrible things done by humans, things that turned even him into a monster, but right now, he saw what made people worth the time and effort. When the hug finally loosened, Avani touched Deon's face. \"How?\" Her son gave her a deep sigh. \"That's a long story, mom. I need to tell you so much. And not only about myself.\" He chuckled, even when he was still sobbing. \"Remember, how you were begging me to have children?\" Avani blinked. \"Yes.\" Deon gestured to Chappie to make him come closer. Chappie did so, but very carefully. Deon then took the hand of his child and put it into his mother's hand slowly. \"Well… this is your grandchild.\" Avani looked at Chappie, her eyes full of shock and surprise. So that's why she felt like this robot is important, that's why she felt something familiar looking at him. \"Grandchild…\" \"And the reason why all of this happened.\" Deon could still see the shock in his mother's eyes, but after few seconds she calmed down and nodded. \"First, let's go inside, I'm sure we have a lot to talk about.\" She gave Chappie unsure look, but Scout didn't say anything. It almost looked like he feels ashamed of himself. Now when she was looking at him, she could clearly see some of Deon's gestures, looks like it was all true. She reached out to him and patted him on the shoulder. \"Come inside. All of you.\" They all obeyed, but Deon first asked something. \"Are the others home?\" His mother shook head. \"They will come soon; they just went to out to buy some things.\" Before Deon could enter the house, Avani gave him another hug. \"Welcome home.\" She led everyone to the living room and when everyone was sitting she looked at all of them. Deon for sure found interesting friends. \"So, do you want to something to drink? Tea, coffee?\" Michelle made herself comfortable in the chair. \"Tea, please.\" She also looked at Vincent and Ninja, giving them a hint to act nice. This resulted in both of them also wanting tea; even though Ninja didn't really like this kind of drink. Vincent didn't mind the tea; he was more interested in Deon's relieved sigh. \"Looks like you really didn't have to worry.\" Deon made gesture of adjusting his glasses, before once again realizing there are no ne. \"Yeah.\" He then turned to Chappie. \"Do you like her?\" \"Your mom is so nice.\" \"So I am nice, huh?\" Chappie lowered his ears slowly and felt like he wants to hide behind someone. He clearly didn't expect Avani to appear behind him and hear what he is saying. She then sat next to him and started to check him out. \"So, you are my grandson?\" \"I guess so…\" \"The truth is you have some of Deon's gestures. Looks like Mrs. Michelle decided to not tell us about you back then.\" Michelle connected her hands and moved her thumbs, feeling a bit awkward. \"Well… I knew about him, but I didn't think you all don't need more worries at the time.\" She gulped and wasn't actually the only feeling bad at the moment. Actually everyone was here was responsible for bad decisions that got Deon into this state. Vincent felt like his heart got stuck in his neck, knowing he was trying to kill Deon, and now they were sitting here, talking to his mother. She returned to kitchen to prepare the tea and Deon looked at others. \"I know what you are all thinking.\" The group kept silence, and then they heard a sound of lock and opening door. Deon stood up and looked into hallway. He saw exactly what he wanted. There was his father and brother, just like he remembered them. Of course they noticed they have visitors, when they saw so many shoes in hallway. Deon's brother put down the bags and went through hallway, curious who was awaiting them. When he was about to enter the living room, his eyes met with Deon. They young man flinched, but soon calmed down. This robot was familiar; it looked like one of Deon's robots. He still wasn't prepared for what came next. \"Hi, Cade.\" \"Deon…\" His brother was looking at him for a while, visibly trying to process everything. \"Bro, is that you?\" \"Yeah. Sorry for the shock, but-\" \"DEON!\" Cade pulled his brother into a tight hug, not letting Deon to finish his sentence. That didn't matter. Deon returned the hug, knowing he would have tears in his eyes again if that would be possible. He dreamed of this moment when he comes come and his family welcomes him back. His brother was always very close to him, he was so happy to see him again. \"I knew you will come back, I knew it!\" He then noticed all those people and robots in living room. \"And you didn't come alone…\" Deon actually chuckled. \"Yeah. It's a long story.\" \"So you are really here…\" Deon and Cade turned to look right at their father. \"Hey, dad…\" The older man came to both of them. First he looked at Cade and then on his other son. Deon was looking down, avoiding eye contact. It was like he was ashamed of himself to coming back like this. His father was looking at him for a while. It was such a long time. He shook his head and pulled Deon close. His son shivered slightly, but he didn't pull away. After few seconds Deon finally relaxed and accepted presence of his father. \"I'm sorry, dad, I'm so sorry…\" \"You're alive, that's what matters. Don't be sorry.\" \"Yeah.\" Cade joined in and poked Deon's metallic cheek. \"You're home, that's what counts.\" \"Yes. You're home. Also, would you like to introduce us to your friends?\" Deon looked back at others. They were patiently waiting. He then turned to his father. \"Yeah, but it will be a long talk.\" Avani finally came with three cups of tea, realizing she should do more. When everyone was seated, there was an awkward moment of silence. Deon was the one to talk first. \"Okay, I'll try to make this simple as possible. Mom, dad, Cade, these are my friends. This is Vincent, you know Michelle, and there's Yolandi and Ninja. They all had very important in my life for recent months. Mom already knows, but…\" He puts hand on Chappie's shoulder. \"This is Chappie and… he is my child.\" The father and brother raised their eyebrows, but they let Deon continue. \"All of this happened because I created him. I finished that AI program that I told you all about and then I uploaded it into a Scout. Things went crazy since then. I guess I don't have to tell you all details, just that we all played role in those events. I got shot and if it wasn't for Chappie, I would really die that day. He managed to figure out how to move mind. He did it because of himself, because he needed new body to not die, but he also saved me. We then started to hide, I couldn't contact you. I actually thought I would never see you again. We wouldn't be here without Michelle giving us a chance to cooperate with her. I'm so sorry for not letting you I'm alive, but I couldn't. I didn't even know if you would want me back like this, or if you would accept Chappie…\" \"Deon, we would never send you away. I can see why you were scared, but...\" Avani stood up and came to her son, taking his hand. \"Do you think we would ever abandon you? Do you think I would ever deny my own child?\" Deon looked at her, lowering his ears. \"No…\" \"We missed you so much, Deon, we are just happy you are here. It doesn't matter you are in different body, I know it's you. Every mother recognizes her child.\" She then looked at others. \"And since all of you are Deon's friends, you are all welcomed here, any time. And you…\" She turned to Chappie. \"Looks like you are part of family.\" \"Yeah.\" Cade also stood up and came close to Chappie. \"So that means I'm an uncle and you're my nephew.\" Michelle couldn't keep silence. \"You all accept this so well.\" \"I think you would act the same, Mrs. Michelle, if you thought your child is dead and then saw he is actually alive. I think no one would care, how he is alive.\" \"I guess you are right, Mr. Wilson.\" Michelle answered and thanked God that she never had to deal the same situation as they did. \"So your name's Chappie?\" Cade asked, still amazed by his newly found nephew. \"Ja.\" Chappie was still keeping his guard on, he was slowly getting more relaxed. He was surprised Cade was so open and friendly to him after such a short time, but he didn't mind. \"He's awesome, Deon. And now you are part of the family, can I give him a hug?\" Deon chuckled, finally lightening up. \"Sure, if he doesn't mind.\" Chappie simply nodded and Cade pulled him close with both arms. \"I always wanted to be an uncle!\" Chappie needed a while to adjust, but after few second he felt fine. Cade was different from Deon. His Maker was quite shy, introverted and also silent when he wanted to. Cade was much more active, jolly and open. Still, he felt something familiar that was reminding him of Deon. \"Thank you so much for saving Deon.\" Chappie's ears rose up in surprise. \"It was nothin'… He needed help, so I just helped.\" \"I'm sure we have a lot to talk about, but I think we should celebrate this day. I'm going to cook something.\" Avani left to kitchen and Yolandi with Michelle looked at each other. Both women stood up and then followed Avani into kitchen. \"Can we help you?\" Yolandi asked the older woman, who smiled at them. \"Of course, but you don't have to.\" \"We want to, it's better than to sit there and do nothing, while men are having fun.\" Ninja with Vincent were still silent. Not even gangster was sure whether he could disturb the family conversation. Vincent was feeling differently. Deon was very polite, when he decide to leave out details of Vincent trying to kill him, Chappie and all related events. However, that didn't change the fact he felt like he isn't supposed to be here. He doesn't deserve to be here. This feeling started to crawl in his mind and he had to try very hard to not let it consume him. He just needed to stay calm, and keep it all in. Vincent was so deep in his thoughts that it took him few seconds to register a touch on his leg. The Australian looked quickly down and was very surprised to see a tortoise that was leaning on his leg. \"A tortoise?\" \"Oh God, dats Godzilla!\" Vincent looked at Ninja with very ironical face, but he was still wondering what this animal was doing here. \"Hi, Turbo, going on your daily walk?\" Cade came to the tortoise and patted it on the head. \"Turbo?\" Cade smiled at Vincent and nodded. \"Yes, he is my tortoise.\" \"A real tortoise?!\" Chappie rushed to animal. \"I never saw one of these with my own eyes.\" Deon also came to tortoise. \"So you still have him.\" Cade chuckled. \"Deon, that tortoise is going to live much longer than me. Not sure about you, but I think I won't be here when this tortoise dies.\" \"Why is he named Turbo?\" Chappie asked and leaned closer to animal that clearly didn't mind his presence. \"Tortoises are much faster than people think; they can run the same speed that you are walking. He can run away while you are not looking. Deon, do you remember, when we thought we lost him? That he ran away from garden and we won't ever see him again?\" Deon chuckled, yes, he remembered that day very well. Chappie was looking closely at the tortoise. He never saw such animal, or anything similar to it. It was just so different from anything else. \"You like animals?\" Cade asked curiously. He himself was an animal lover, but he didn't expect robot to be one. \"Ja. We have bunny with us.\" In that moment he realized they totally forgot about Chelsea who was still closed in the cage. Vincent reacted to this and came to the cage, taking the bunny out. She looked fine, but maybe should drink some water. He turned to see Cade standing next to him and looking at the bunny. \"I thought you didn't want any animals, Deon.\" \"I wasn't the one who found her and wanted to keep her. She is mainly Chappie's pet.\" Cade smiled at his brother and then turned to look at Vincent. He didn't know why, but something felt odd about this man. They didn't know the whole story, but Cade felt this man probably played a very important part in it. Deon went with his brother into hallway, just to have a simple and calm moment. So much was happening right now. He needed a moment to breathe. They will return back to others, he just needed a moment to organize his thoughts and feelings. Cade recognized when his brother calmed down and then he dared to ask. Maybe it wasn't the best moment right now, but he just wanted to ask. \"So, did you find some nice woman, or…. man?\" Cade asked very innocently, but he was pushed to the wall, with robotic hand on his mouth. His brother was staring right into his eyes and then he put a point finger in front of his face. \"Shhh. Don't talk about it, I don't want anyone to know.\" He removed hand from Cade's mouth and his brother looked at him confused. \"Why? What's wrong about it? You didn't mind it, when I saw you for the last time.\" Deon's ears dropped and he looked down at the floor. \"Deon?\" \"I don't mind it. I'm at peace with what who I am, but I don't want them to know…\" \"The truth is you never wanted to talk about this kind of stuff in front of people, but they will find out, sooner or later. Why is it a bad thing?\" \"I don't know how they would accept it…\" Deon looked into living room, where everyone was sitting. \"Okay, okay, we won't talk about it, but still… Did you find someone, or… do you like someone?\" Deon was still looking at others in the living room. No, he didn't find anyone, he was too busy. his personal life was practically non existing for past few years. What a surprise. He himself did not realize his look got fixed on Vincent for some time, but Cade's voice brought him back to reality. \"Deon?\" \"Sorry… I got lost in my mind again. You know that happens to me.\" \"Yeah. Sometimes I thought that I should give you a map. So…\" Deon sighed. \"There is no one. You know I was always very introverted and shy, and when I started to work at TetraVaal, I focused on the work. I just didn't have time for it.\" Cade nodded. He actually expected this answer. He wrapped over Deon's shoulder and pulled him close. \"I'm glad you are home again.\" Deon sighed. \"Me too, but keep your stupid questions for yourself, okay?\" \"I'll try, but can't guarantee. Come, I want to show Chappie other animals. I like that kid.\" Deon smiled for himself. He was so glad to hear those words and then followed his brother who offered Chappie a chance to go upstairs. They came into Cade's room and Deon felt so much nostalgia when he saw this place again. There were so many memories in this room. Cade led Chappie to an aquarium, where they could see a small turtle. Deon chuckled, who would ever have an idea to name a turtle as Triton? Chappie looked amazed, when he was checking out the small animal. Cade then opened terrarium and took out a chameleon, showing him to Chappie. Right, Spyro that was even stranger name. He himself was always rather afraid to touch animals, or take care of them, fearing he may hurt them, but his brother was the opposite. He loved animals. While Deon spent his life with machines, Cade spent his one with animals. It was so bizarre to see these two ways of life meet. Chappie didn't share his fear of touching animals and happily took chameleon, holding him in hands and patting him gently. Deon asked himself, was this what he originally wanted? The machine that thinks and feel. He never imagined Chappie would become so much and right now he was becoming a rightful member of Deon's family. It was late night and after the dinner, Avani made sure everyone had a good place to sleep. Of course they were talking for a long time, but in the end she prepared a sleeping place for Michelle, Ninja and Yolandi who slept together and then she thought what to do with others. Deon didn't want to enter his room yet. He wanted to keep it for next day, because he knew he was too tired for it right now. She didn't know how it is possible to get tired when you are a robot now, but she didn't ask now. So they were in Cade's room, still talking. Avani thought it won't be such bad idea to let them all sleep there. \"Boys, would you mind to sleep here?\" They all shook heads and woman smiled. \"Fine, I'll give you blankets, pillows and something to lay on.\" They got the place ready and then lay down on pillows. Cade sighed happily. \"Just like old times.\" Deon nodded, finally relaxing. Vincent on the other hand didn't feel relaxed. He still felt like he doesn't belong here and doesn't deserve to be here. Australian sighed deeply, gaining Chappie's attention. \"You okay, Vincent?\" Damn, that kid really saw and heard everything. \"I'm fine, but thanks for asking, kid.\" Why was he even trying? Chappie could tell when someone was lying to him, but for some reason he let it go and didn't ask any more questions. Vincent was thankful for it, but he didn't like Deon staring at him. He clearly wasn't a good liar today. He took a pillow and buried into it, making himself comfortable and not wanting to talk anymore. He still smiled, when Chappie took a blanket and covered him. \"We'll have so much fun.\" Deon nodded and answered his brother. \"Yeah. Feels good to be home again.\" \"Does Chappie sleep?\" Cade asked curiously and AI looked at him. \"No, but I'll stay here with you.\" Deon chuckled, yes, his child still refused to leave him alone, even with all those people around. They finally turned the light off and tried to fall asleep. There were few busy days ahead of them. Deon didn't know when he felt so happy when he was feeling asleep for the last time. He had his child, friends and family close, he couldn't want anything else. ","Summary":" Feedback is always appreciated :) They were finally there. Not that the ride was so long, but at le"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Coming home","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11685592","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was really easy to pick a song and title for this part and it makes me very happy :) The song is \"Coming home\" I prefet the version without rap, by Skylar Grey. It can be found here :) watch?v=NJIjvOdhx9o And remember, reviews are always welcomed :) Chappie was sitting in the kitchen and feeding the bunny. She still needed a name, but for now, it didn't matter. The food had a priority over thinking of a name. Deon was actually spending time with Yolandi and Ninja in the living room. That was something Chappie almost couldn't believe, since the relationship between two men was always tense and almost hateful. Chappie was listening them and it seemed like there isn't any problem. Good, things were finally starting to get better. \"Chappie.\" Scout raised his ears when he saw Vincent coming to him. He stopped to feed the bunny and Vincent pointed to stairs. \"Come with me.\" Chappie watched Vincent to go up and after a short thinking, he decided to follow. First, he had to put the bunny in cage; she for sure wanted some rest and privacy, so he put her in and covered the cage with a blanket. When it was done, Chappie went upstairs and looked very carefully around. Vincent was standing in the opened door of his bedroom and was making clear gestures to invite Chappie in. Scout was thinking for a while, if this could be a trap or something like that. He hated when people lied or tried to trick him, but over the time, Chappie managed to see when someone is lying to him. Vincent was right now very calm and he seemed very honest. No tricks. When that was clear, Chappie slowly went beside Vincent into his bedroom and looked around curiously. His ears were still high, showing his cautiousness, but it was soon switched by curiosity. He never visited Vincent's bedroom before, so he started to look around, looking for every possible piece of information he could get. One of the first things that he noticed was a library. It was smaller than the one in living room, but there were still plenty of books. When he looked at the table, there were many photos and little things that Chappie connected to Vincent's family. He also noticed a big cross hanging on the wall over the bed. Still, he did not understand why he was let in here. Chappie turned back to look at Vincent. \"Why did you want me to come here?\" Australian took a deep breath. \"I want to give you a little test.\" He noticed Chappie's ears rising up in surprise. \"You are more intelligent than I thought and you act very natural, for a machine. Still, I don't want to accept you as a living being.\" \"So… What should I do, to convince you?\" Chappie asked the man, he was honestly curious. Convincing Vincent may be the hardest thing to do, but if he is able to do it, then so many things will be solved. He wanted them to get along, Chappie never wanted to hurt people, and even when Vincent did many bad things, he didn't hate him. He was over it the day he beat the man. There was also a fact that Vincent let him to keep the bunny in, so Chappie was thankful to him for that. \"Machines, unlike living beings can't understand the concept of soul, emotions, faith and all those things that make us humans. It seems to me, you are able to understand these things, but I'm not convinced it's not just a programming that you have in your head. So I just want to talk to you for a while, alone. And we'll start with this.\" He took a book that was put on the table. \"You read a lot, do you know this book?\" Chappie focused his look on the book in Vincent's hand and immediately knew what it was. \"Bible.\" \"Did you read it?\" Chappie shook his head. \"Nah. I know what it is, but I never read it, yet. You want to tell me about it?\" Chappie actually sounded excited. Every form of learning or getting new info was filling him with joy. It didn't matter whether it will be Vincent, who will teach him about something, he was just happy that he would learn something new. Vincent visibly noticed Chappie's enthusiasm and simply nodded. \"Yeah.\" He sat on the bed and made a gesture for Chappie to sit beside him. \"For this moment, I will take you as a human. For now, so I can talk to you without any prejudices.\" Chappie's long ears raised and his voice gained a grateful tone. \"Thank you, Vincent.\" He sat down next to the Australian and watched as Vincent opened the book. Of course, before they will get to the actual reading, Vincent will start with some introduction and Chappie carefully listened. They spent whole hour like this, but Chappie didn't regret any second of it. Studying things alone was fine, but Chappie was always glad when someone was explaining things to him. Still, that didn't stop him from asking. Every time there was something that interested him further, he asked immediately. Vincent was pleasantly surprised by this, because it showed that Chappie was genuinely interested in what he was telling to him. He didn't make any insults, jokes, or anything else insulting. He actually expected Chappie would make comments that it really doesn't make sense to believe such things. For many people, the Bible was like a collection of fairy tales. He knew he couldn't take every word literally. The Bible was written in ancient times, many things didn't apply in this age. Vincent was glad that Chappie took this seriously. He proved to be more mature than Vincent originally expected. He was even able to have a very reasonable conversation with Chappie. They didn't finish the whole book, Chappie would be able to read it in minutes, but he never did that. He wanted to read slowly, just like humans, so he can enjoy books. Even when they didn't finish it, he managed to have a clear vision about religion and stories from this book. Did he believe all these things? No. Some events from Bible were true, he already knew that, but there were just things that he refused to believe and could be explained by science. Vincent was curious, what Chappie thinks through. \"'So, what do you think?\" \"It's… interesting. I know Bible serves also as a history book, but from the point of religion… I don't really know what to think. I understand why you people believe it, but I guess it's not really for me. They wouldn't really let me in church. I know what faith is and why you people believe in God, but for now, I don't think I will get into the religion, any religion. Sorry if that's not what you wanted to hear, Vincent. Still, thank you so much for taking time and explaining everything to me.\" After a while of listening, Vincent actually smiled. It was a brief smile, not that much, but it was there. \"Okay. You can go now, the lesson ended.\" Vincent watched Chappie, as Scout stood up and headed to door. \"One more thing. You can now read any book from my library.\" Chappie's ears perked up in joy. \"Thank you!\" \"Just be sure to put them back on the right place.\" \"I will.\" Vincent watched Chappie leave and took a deep breath and stretched his body, reminded by the pain that he still needs to be careful. His questions were still not answered. He didn't exactly know how to think of Chappie. This AI understood what religion and faith is. He was so aware of meaning of these things that he actually decided, whether he wants to believe it or not. Vincent actually started to have problems to call Chappie as simple AI. He didn't think of him as a human, but he was more than just a simple machine. For some reason, Vincent felt really calm now. Since he got to know about Chappie's existence, worries were floating in his mind. Maybe it was just his paranoia that was making him go crazy. He wanted and needed to know, if Chappie really means any danger to mankind. Maybe he was wrong after all… \"Vincent.\" Ex-soldier immediately turned his head and looked at Scout standing in open door. \"Did you forget something?\" Chappie looked nervous and shy, almost like a beaten puppy. \"I forgot to ask you something. You know, Mom told that when you die, there is the next place you go to. Is that the place where you meet God imminently and closely?\" Vincent was surprised by such question. \"Well… I guess, that's right. Why do you ask?\" \"All of this made me remember, when Mommy told me about that place, and then I remembered the day when… we all almost died. She told me that we live in our bodies, and it's our soul that is important, so even when our body dies, we are still alive and we move on. But… if you say, we can meet God there, why people don't want to die? Why do we want to stay here? Why do people try so much to stay alive on this world, if there is a paradise, when we die?\" Vincent stared at him, not able to say any single word. This was one of rare moments in his life, when he didn't know what to say. \"I didn't want to die, I wanted to live, and I wanted to save those I love. If I wouldn't do it, would God take them? Would he, Vincent? Would he take me?\" Vincent was looking into Chappie's blue eyes, trying to find an answer. There was silence between them and after a while, Vincent sighed. \"I think he would take them. I don't know about you… Right now, I don't know how God sees you.\" Chappie's ears lowered. \"Good. Because I think I will never see him, because I will stay here forever.\" These words could sound dangerous, very dangerous. \"You know, no one lives forever, right?\" Chappie looked at Vincent, and if he would have a human face, Vincent knew for sure there would be a smile. \"I will. And since I don't know if God would take me, it's a good thing. Like this, I can stay with my family, forever.\" Chappie noticed Vincent's shocked look. \"That's what you want? To live forever, with ones you love?\" \"Ja. Vincent, I don't know what you expect of me, but I don't want to hurt people. I don't want to rule the world, be rich, or use others for my own needs. I just want to be with my family.\" \"You already got that, isn't that enough for you?\" Chappie shook his head. \"No. I want them to live forever, but I want to get them better bodies. When I accomplish that, I will be satisfied. And is it bad, Vincent? Am I bad for wanting my family to be here with me?\" \"No… you're not.\" Long ears raised and Chappie studied Vincent's face carefully. He couldn't really tell what the older man was thinking, but one thing was clear. There was no hate or anger anymore. Before he could ask, Vincent waved his hand in door's direction. \"You can go now. Go, I think the bunny would like some company.\" Chappie understood. Vincent needed time to think, so it will be best to leave him alone. Scout simply nodded and then left, wondering what others are doing. Yolandi was rubbing bunny on her back, while the small animal was happily resting in her arms. It was afternoon and everyone was taking some form of rest. This could be boring, but at the same time relaxing. Still, there was one thing on Yolandi's mind, every time she looked at bunny in her arms. \"She needs a name, we can't call her bunny for forever.\" \"Working on it.\" Chappie returned to book and tried to find a suitable name, but nothing seemed right. \"Any idea?\" He turned to Deon and looked into his book, but his Maker shook head. \"No. We can't just look for a name in the book and expect we would find something good. We need some reason to pick up that name.\" They all started to think again. On one hand, this game gave them something to do. On the other hand, it was just irritating how hard it is to come up with one single name. As their effort was progressing, Deon stood up and started to walk around the room, trying to think, as always. He should feel ashamed, as he managed to create artificial life but can't come up with a name for a bunny. Yolandi was sitting and petting the bunny, trying to think. Ninja was sitting in the seat and staring at wall, like it was a masterpiece from art gallery. Chappie in frustration buried face into a book and groaned. Vincent was lying on the couch, on his back, arms folded on chest and thinking. Bunny was happily moving her nose and then licking her paws. Attention of everyone then moved to Deon, who was still walking around and murmuring something. They were slowly getting used on the fact, that this is Deon's of thinking, but it could still be unnerving to watch. Yolandi went to make a tea, and even when she returned he was still walking around. Chappie gave up, he put book on the floor and looked at bunny, which came to him and leaned on his legs. She visibly wanted to be petted, so Chappie reached to her and rubbed her head. Yes, reason, they needed a reason for a name. Maybe he should try from another point of view. This bunny was here because he found him, but Vincent was the one who allowed her to stay. And Vincent was from Australia. \"Vincent, since you let her to stay, what if we would give her some name that is used in Australia?\" They all look surprised but Vincent nodded. \"I wouldn't mind.\" \"Do you have some favorite name?\" Vincent rubbed his face and started to think. It took a while, but he succeeded. \"I had a very nice grandmother. Her name was Chelsea, would that be OK?\" Even Deon stopped walking when he heard that and was thinking about how it sounded. It was actually Yolandi who broke the silence. \"That's good. I like it.\" She looked at others and Ninja nodded. \"Ja. Sounds good.\" They then looked at Deon. \"Why not?\" Chappie's ears rose. \"Ja, that's a great name.\" He took a bunny in his hands. \"Do you like it?\" Bunny decided to sniff his face for answer. \"I think she likes it. Okay, so your name is Chelsea.\" Bunny sniffed him once again, visibly content with her new name. Deon then deeply sighed. \"Finally. So I can stop walking around, and look like a freak that I am.\" They all laughed, except Vincent, who just smirked. When evening came, Michelle arrived. She had a suitcase with her that was full of important papers. Today she wasn't here to play games and talk about funny things. Today was important. When she came into living room, everyone was there, and they were watching TV together. As expected, Chappie was the first one to notice her and also welcome her. Others greeted her as well and she was really glad to see Vincent sitting on the couch, and not minding the presence of others. She then told Deon to come with her upstairs. He obeyed, even when he didn't know the reason. They went into guest room and Michelle then took a paper out of her suitcase. \"Here, Deon, take it.\" She handed him the paper. \"Ma'am, what is this?\" Deon looked at paper in his hand that was given to him by his chef. \"That is your ticket back to the world, Deon.\" Deon's ears perked up and he looked at the older woman. \"You mean…\" \"Yes, from now on, you, Chappie and even Yolandi with Ninja will be able to walk on streets again without being worried of being arrested. Believe me, it was very hard to achieve this, but I think it was worth it.\" Her voice let him know that it was really stressful, but in the end it was worth it. He looked at her, not knowing what to say. All those thoughts that were going on in his mind. He could go outside again got to town, enjoy the everyday life. Something that was taken away from him and it was even better, when he realized that Chappie can share this with him. He could finally show him everything he promised he would see one day. Chappie will finally see the outside world, without being scared. He looked at her again and he knew that if he could still cry, he would now. \"Thank you, Ma'am. Thank you.\" He didn't know what else to say. \"You will be able to get back to work, Deon, I think you had a long enough vacation.\" She smiled, and her voice had an impish tone, then it became warm and gentle. \"You will be able to contact your family, and see them again. I'm sure Chappie would love to get to know them.\" Family… Yes, that's right; he will see his family again. He will be able to talk to them, hug them, spend time with them, and Chappie will be there with him. He remembered on the day of his funeral, when he reconciled with the fact he would never see his family again. He wanted to laugh, because he cried so much back then, and now it was gone. His crying was useless back then, but it felt so good now. \"You are also able to move back to your house. So you and Chappie will have your own place to live. I also got another house for Yolandi and Ninja, nearby, so you can be in everyday contact, but I believe you want your intimacy and peace, right?\" \"Ma'am, you… will give me back my old home? For real?\" \"Yes, you can't live here forever. I wanted to punish Vincent, but I think it's time to move on. You need a place to breathe, Deon, or you get stressed and you won't be any use for me in the company. I made myself sure that all your things stayed in your home, it is in the same state as you left it.\" Deon suddenly looked shocked, when he realized something. \"Oh god… I need to return all books back to the library.\" Michelle had to laugh, she couldn't keep it in. That was the Deon she knew so well, it felt good to have him back. \"You'll have plenty of time for that.\" \"But… you said it will take months.\" Michelle nodded. \"Yes, but it went much faster than I expected. People need us, Deon, police needs us. They got many men back in service, but it isn't enough, they need our Scouts, your Scouts. This city is going crazy. We managed to almost eliminate the crime, but it's slowly getting back. That's what ironically helped us to get TetraVaal back on rails. We will start to build Scouts again. You should pack things, you are moving tomorrow.\" \"Tomorrow? So soon?\" \"What? You sound like you want to stay here.\" Deon stopped and thought about it. Looks like he was getting used on this place, maybe even Vincent. Still, Michelle was right, they needed to get back to work, and Deon was overjoyed, when he thought Chappie would finally have his own home. Yes, they are going home. When they returned downstairs, everyone was looking at them. Looks like they heard them, every word of it. \"We are going to move?\" Chappie asked with bunny in his arms and Deon nodded. \"Yeah. Look, Vincent, we will finally get out of your home.\" Australian smirked. \"Good, it's about time you get out of here. I will finally have some peace and silence in here.\" \"Did you really say we would get our own home?\" Yolandi turned to Michelle and older woman nodded. \"Yes. You will live near Chappie and Deon, don't worry, you can see each other daily.\" Yolandi and Ninja stared at her with opened mouths, clearly not expecting something like this. This was too good to be true. They looked at each other with unbelieving faces, but then Yolandi took Michelle's hand. \"Thank you. Thank you so much.\" \"Yeah… Thanks.\" Ninja was still looking, like he just woke up in the morning, visibly still trying to process all information. Deon turned to his child. \"Chappie, you know what this means? You will finally see my home, our home.\" Chappie looked at his Maker and his ears were moving up and down slowly. Yeah, Deon was right; he will finally see that place. Then he realized the bunny in his arms and one unanswered question, who will keep her? He found her, but Vincent allowed her to stay. What if he wants to keep the bunny as well? They sit around the table in kitchen, eating, laughing and talking about various stuff. It felt like a small party, to celebrate that they are leaving. Since this was their last evening spent together in this place, there was a need to make it special. Vincent didn't protest, he was sitting there with them, he didn't talk that much, but he was there, that was important. He was still keeping his distance after all. On the other hand, Michelle was fully enjoying herself. She was drinking, laughing and talking with others, like they were friends that knew each other for years. When Vincent came out to breath some fresh air, he was soon joined by Deon. Orange Scout stood beside him. \"Well, it's here; you will finally get rid of us.\" \"Yeah. Looks like that.\" \"I just wanted to say thanks, for letting us live here.\" Vincent turned to look at Deon. He sounded honest. \"I had no other choice…\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah. Still, thanks. Well… I guess we will see each other at work. Just don't pull gun into my face again, okay?\" Vincent smirked. \"Fine, I'll try to remember that.\" They then both turned when Chappie came with bunny in his arms. \"Chappie?\" Deon turned to his child and Chappie came close to them. \"Vincent, I wanted to ask, who should keep the bunny?\" Older man blinked. \"What do you mean?\" \"We are moving, so someone must keep her. I was thinking about it, and maybe you should take her. You live all alone, I have Deon. And Mommy with Ninja will come when they want, but you are all alone here. And since you helped her, do you want to keep her?\" Vincent stared at him with unsure look and then looked at the small animal. Chappie was holding her in both hands, reaching out to him, clearly offering her. Deon was watching them in total shock. That bunny meant so much to Chappie. It was his first pet, he saved her and now he was willing to give her away, to Vincent, out of all people on this planet? The ex-soldier was thinking, but after a while he reached to Chappie's hands. Deon and Chappie thought he would take the bunny, but instead he took Chappie's arms and pulled them back to Scout's chest, together with bunny. Then he let go. \"Keep her. I wouldn't have enough time for her, but I think she will be in good hands, when she will stay with you.\" Chappie was looking at the bunny that was leaning on his chest, and then looked back at Vincent. Older man folded arms on his chest and actually smiled. Deon felt big relief. He knew Vincent liked this bunny a lot. So, when he let them live her and take keep bunny, why not return the favor? \"Vincent, if you want to, you can always come to our home, to see how she is doing.\" \"Ja, that's a cool idea. Visit us sometimes.\" Chelsea moved her ears; it almost looked like she thinks the same. Vincent smiled and patted her on cheek with finger. \"I will.\" Next morning was one big mess. Michelle took two of their company vans and they started to move things inside. She never liked moving, it always meant chaos, and she hated chaos. She liked when everything was going according to plan and everything was organized. At least everything is going fast and without any bigger problems. In the end, they were all standing outside, it was sunny day and sun was brightly shining. Deon had to admit to himself it felt kind of awkward to be outside and not be afraid that anyone will see him. It felt good, but at the same time almost unusual, after living so long only in the house, and not really going outside. Just in rare moments like this, he always realized how bright his neon orange body really is. They should really choose a different color for prototypes. Chappie was visibly enjoying the moment outside. Now they just needed to say goodbye. \"Well, we had some crazy moments here.\" Vincent turned to Deon, who was looking at blue sky with sun, but then looked at the Australian. \"Yeah. Again, thanks. We'll see each other in work. Also… Take care.\" He pulled Vincent close by ear. \"I don't want to catch you again.\" He then let go. \"Don't worry, that won't happen.\" Vincent whispered back and rubbed his sore ear. Others then came close to him. Chappie was holding Chelsea with one arm and he gave her to Vincent. \"She wants to cuddle with you, before we leave.\" Vincent took her with a jolly smile. \"Come here, girl.\" Bunny started to sniff him and licked his fingers. \"Take good care of her.\" \"OK, kids, time to go, so say goodbye.\" Michelle got into van and closed the door. Vincent returned the bunny to Chappie, who winked at Vincent and then followed Michelle. Yolandi and Ninja also said goodbye and got into van. \"See you in the work.\" Vincent nodded and Deon then followed others. They finally left and Vincent was standing there for a while, looking at slowly disappearing cars. He should be happy, they were finally gone, and then he looked back at his house. Gosh… was it always such large and empty? When they finally arrived into the right street, Deon experienced a small nostalgia. He remembered these places. First, they stopped in front of Yolandi's and Ninja's house. \"So, this is your new home, do you like it? If not, then I am going to sue that reality agent.\" Michelle wasn't joking; she knew she is capable of such thing. They got outside of vans and got inside the house. The first thing that Ninja said was that he needed to buy paint, so he can decorate those blank white walls and get some colorful furniture. Yolandi was visibly very happy when she was exploring all those new rooms, where they will spend their lives from now on. Yes, it needed color, but the house itself was very nice and she couldn't say anything bad about it. She and Ninja decided to stay here and start to unpack things and get settled, they will come to Deon's house in the evening, and they were just few houses far away. When they arrived to Deon's home, he almost couldn't believe this moment is really happening. He was going home, that was something he didn't even dare to think about for so long. He looked at Chappie and his child took his hand. Yes, they will go together. Deon opened the door and they slowly came in. Michelle was right; it was just like he left it. God, all those memories that he was trying to push away were going back. This place was his home. He knew it here, he felt safe here, and he finally returned. He slowly started to walk around the room and looked at all those computers, components and stuff that was lying everywhere. This was the place where he worked on Chappie's programming for so long. He almost laughed, when he noticed the small fridge with Red Bull cans. Oh, how he missed this place. Chappie followed him and he was looking all around, noticing all small details. He liked this place. Then he noticed all those things lying all around. \"Wow… that's a mess.\" \"That's not a mess, that's my working place. It may look like a mess, but I know exactly where everything is.\" Chappie just shrugged. In his eyes, it was a mess, but if that's a way, how Deon keeps his working place, he was okay with it. \"Look, Chappie, you know what this is, right?\" Deon took a floppy disc and showed it to Chappie. \"Ooooh, right, that's a 3D printed Save icon, right?\" Deon was about to look incredibly disappointed, but Chappie then laughed. \"Just kidding, I know it's a floppy disc.\" Deon gave out a sigh and Chappie continued to next rooms. He didn't know for how long Deon was living here, but it seemed like he wasn't here that long, or he didn't bother to make his home complete. When he found boxes, that were still sealed, he started to open them and look inside. \"Yeah, I didn't even unpack all things when I moved here.\" \"Why?\" \"I guess I didn't find it important to make my home complete. I had work to do, that seemed more important.\" Chappie was taking out more and more things, when he came across the box that stores old looking game consoles. He took one out, it was small and yellow. Deon sat beside him. \"Oh god, my old GameBoy, it's so long since I saw this thing. I used to play a lot of video games when I was younger.\" \"Why did you stop?\" \"It happens to many people, Chappie. When you get older, you think you can never find time for such things, but…\" He looked inside the box. \"All those consoles are still functional, you can have them and play with them, if you want to.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, it's yours.\" Chappie gave him a tight hug. \"Thank you.\" \"When I don't have time for it, at least someone will play these games again. They are fun, trust me.\" \"Can we unpack more boxes?\" Chappie looked again like a small child. \"Yeah, sure, but I think we should first find a place for Chelsea. Come, I'll show you something.\" He took Chappie by his hand and led him upstairs. \"Close your eyes, okay?\" Chappie obeyed and Deon led him to one of empty rooms. \"OK, we are here Chappie, you can look now.\" Deon opened the door and he let his son to enter the room. He held him by one hand, so he was sure Chappie won't collide with anything. \"OK, Maker, I'll look.\" Chappie took a hand off his eyes and he looked around the empty room. He was turning his head in all directions trying to find something interested, and then he turned to Deon. \"What is this place?\" \"This is your room, Chappie, your own room.\" Deon said those words with genuine joy. Chappie could finally have his own place, where he could store his favorite things, do his hobbies and just have his own space. Deon knew very well himself how important it is to have intimacy and own place where you can do what you want. Chappie never had one. \"My room?\" \"Yeah, it's yours, and I will help you to decorate it and let you get anything that you want. We will get you books, painting supplies, games, or even a telescope, anything you will want.\" Deon was in very good mood now, because he finally had a chance to give his child a real home, and tone of his voice was showing it very well. Chappie looked around the room again. \"So I can have my own bed?\" Deon's ears got up, and then he nodded. \"Of course.\" \"Why is this room empty?\" Chappie asked. \"Well… To be honest, I just didn't know what to do with it, before you were born. You saw all those boxes that I didn't even unpack… So yeah, this room just stayed empty, I didn't even come here many times. But, it's very spacey in here, you will have a lot space for your things and you will be able to do your hobbies in here. I think it will be much better, than letting this room empty, don't you think?\" Deon smiled in his own way and Chappie after a while came to him and hugged him. \"Dad, you're always trying so hard to make me happy. I'm sure I will love it here.\" Deon chuckled. \"Good. Now, it will take some time until we will be able to get everything we need, right next day we will go and find you a bed, OK?\" Chappie nodded happily. \"Ja!\" \"Well, till then I guess you will have to sleep in my bed with me. Hope you don't mind.\" Deon patted Chappie on head and his creation looked at him impishly. \"I like sleeping next to you, Maker.\" They decided that it would be best to keep Chelsea and her cage in Chappie's room. Since he didn't sleep, he won't be disturbed at night by her stomping in cage, or when she drinks. Michelle was there when they were getting everything inside a house and she noticed a small robot. \"What is that?\" Deon turned and chuckled. \"Oooh, Dexter, I totally forgot about you.\" \"Dexter?\" Michelle looked at Deon and Chappie did the same. \"He's my cleaning robot. Now when I think of it, I can upgrade his software a little…\" \"You have a cleaning robot and you never told me? I should fire you right now, I want that thing.\" Deon sighed. \"Okay, I'll make you one, when I play a little with software.\" They all turned to door when they heard knocking. Chappie came to open the door and Yolandi looked in. \"So, can we come now?\" Deon could swear there were never so many people in his house at once. Before they just sat down and relaxed, everyone tried to help. They unpacked all boxes and found place for every little thing. Yolandi was visibly enjoying this, looks like she liked to make a house pretty. When they finished, they were quite satisfied with their work. Yes, this place still needed more to be complete, but Deon felt so much more at home than ever before. It wasn't just because of unpacked things, but also because he finally made friends. Yes, that's what he was missing here. They were sitting for a while in the living room. Deon looked at Chappie who was right now feeding a bunny. The poor little thing had to be stressed because of moving to another place. He actually wondered what is Vincent doing right now, he was probably sleeping. Deon knew about his true state of health more than others, so it was highly possible Vincent was right now sleeping and enjoying silence. Well, after everyone leaves, they will also go to bed. It felt so good, so good to lie again in his own bed. He snuggled into pillow and curled happily. Finally this place felt like a home. He never really though he would return here, but now, when it actually happened, he was really happy. Mainly because he had Chappie now, he wasn't alone in this house. Still, he for sure really missed his bed. Chappie was watching him. \"So this is where you were sleeping, Maker?\" Deon looked at him, and nodded. \"Yeah, I guess it's also the only place where I really relax. Every other place in this house, or anywhere else tells me: Work, go to work. But right here, I can just lie down and rest.\" Chappie moved his ears curiously and then he touched the blanket. He started to rub it. God, it felt so soft and gentle to touch, no wonder Deon was so content when he snuggled into it. Deon was watching him and then just offered Chappie a hand. \"Come.\" Chappie took the hand and Deon pulled him on the bed, and then close to himself. He took blanket and covered them both. Chappie happily curled to Deon's chest. Deon was enjoying this moment as much as he could. He wrapped arm around his child and let the moment sink in. Chappie was finally home, with him. Yes, the home was where the loved ones are, it's not a building, but just now Deon really felt like they are home. This is where he wanted Chappie to grow up, the place that he knew and he was sure nothing would hurt his creation in here. It was crazy that after all these months, he returned here and he wasn't alone. He wanted to cry, because he was happy. They were home, they were safe, at last. \"Do you like it here?\" Chappie nodded. \"Ja.\" Deon put chin on his child's head. \"Welcome home.\" ","Summary":" It was really easy to pick a song and title for this part and it makes me very happy :) The song is"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"True strength","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12076479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The morning came and Chappie with Epsilon knew they have an important duty to do. They had to wake up every human in this house. Chappie decided to take care of Ninja with Yolandi. Needless to say, the man was as always very unwilling to get up. Yolandi didn't make any problems and was very glad to see Chappie waking her up. Ninja, on the other hand, had to be pulled off the couch. Epsilon went to Chappie's room to find Deon with Vincent. Waking up humans wasn't his specialty, so he went to them and carefully started to poke them. Vincent was the first one to wake up and he gave Scout a sleepy look. \"I'm sorry, but it's morning, so…\" Vincent yawned loudly and nodded. \"Thanks, Epsilon.\" The Australian looked at Deon, who was still peacefully sleeping. \"Wake up this sleepy head, I'll get some coffee.\" Epsilon watched Vincent leave and he did as he was told. Scout leaned close to Deon and shook with him gently. \"Maker, I'm sorry to wake you, but its morning.\" He tried to be as gentle as possible, but Deon was always sleeping very deeply. \"Maker…\" Deon finally left the dream world and looked at familiar purple Scout. \"Good morning, Maker.\" \"Epsilon, good morning.\" Deon blinked, wondering. It was always Chappie who was there to wake him up. He didn't complain, it was just unusual to see Epsilon as the first person in the morning. Looks like Vincent was also already awake. Deon had to admit he was having a very good and calm sleep with Vincent nearby. He was a soldier after all, who wouldn't feel safe with soldier? He realized Epsilon was still there, watching him patiently. \"Don't worry, I don't need anything.\" Scout just nodded and stood up, reaching his full height. He was ready to take any possible order from his Maker, but Deon didn't give him any. The man just stretched his robotic body and then got up, going around Epsilon and smiling at him. \"Come on. The others are waiting for us.\" Epsilon agreed with a nod and followed his Maker. They all gathered in TetraVaal, ready to look at data from police. Michelle brought all papers, folders and then let Deon download all data into computer. The group started to study all info. Well, most of them, Ninja was sitting there and thinking about his own weird stuff. Michelle started new cup of coffee, when Vincent put down the papers and rubbed his beard. \"Why are they even giving this to us? We are not police, we only work with them.\" \"They must have a good reason for letting us look into this stuff. So, please, Vincent, use your brain for something useful and continue reading.\" Chappie with Epsilon were working together to check every piece of info as fast as possible. Then they can start processing everything in bigger detail. Deon looked at them from time to time, glad to see they work so well together. When they got to photos, Chappie stopped them both and stared at pictures. Epsilon didn't clearly know, what caught other's Scout's attention, but instead of asking also started to study photos. It took a while, before Chappie managed to remember, because he tried to bury those memories as deep as possible. He didn't want to access this part of memory, but he had to. He knew these men. He saw them on that fateful day. Those people were part of that group that kidnapped Deon. That was not all, there were also audio recordings. Of course, since Chappie or anyone else didn't talk to any of the men that survived that massacre, police or someone else did it. Seeing all these things made him realize. This may be the reason, why the police is afraid and why they may find themselves in battlefield. Chappie looked at his maker. They kidnapped Deon and still needed to pay for that. The only one thought was making him furious inside, even though he promised himself to keep his emotions under control. A gentle touch on shoulder was his return to reality. He turned his eyes to Epsilon, who was watching him curiously, but also a bit worried. It was almost like a cold wind that blew around him and cooled his fierce mind. That's exactly why Epsilon was here. The purple Scout asked him through comlink whether he is okay and Chappie just nodded. Epsilon didn't know what happened, but he will one day. Now it was time to tell others. \"I think I found something.\" He gained other's attention and they all sat closer to him and Epsilon. Chappie started to point at photos. \"I saw those people. They were part of that group that kidnapped Deon.\" In that moment everyone understood. Epsilon was the only one that didn't connect every fact together. He will ask later. Deon was not clearly fond of those memories, but he understood. They will have to face those people again. He just hoped it would go better than last time. Michelle leaned into her chair. \"So, what should we do?\" \"From the whole arsenal of original Moose, only two weapons remain. The first one is the six-barreled Minigun on the Moose's top, as you can see. But this weapon is not only for killing now, because it is able to shoot also non-lethal plastic projectiles.\" Vincent pointed at the Moose's right arm and carried on. \"The other one is the grenade launcher. The original high-explosive grenades were removed and the new version can shoot wide range of non-lethal ammunition. Such as flash-bang grenades, tear-gas grenades, rubber shells or capturing nets.\" Vincent walked around the giant robot and continued his speech. \"Instead of the rocket launchers on both sides of the main hull, there are two completely new non-lethal weapons. On the right side, you can see a powerful jet that could spray any liquid, ranging from common water to special glues or lubricants. And on this bracket on the left side, I have mounted an experimental directed energy weapon. I call it blaster.\" Someone giggled. Vincent looked back, but he was not able to find who it was. He sighed, shook his head and tried to explain the nature of his invention. \"It combines laser and microwave principles, thus, it can work as a temporarily blinding laser, electromagnetic jammer or distant electric shock projector.\" The group was staring at Vincent, trying to process everything he just told them. Deon smirked in his Scout body language. \"You are really proud of your baby, aren't you?\" Vincent smiled impishly, implying he is not ashamed of himself. Nobody really blamed him; it was just natural he enjoyed results of his work. Vincent's smile disappeared after a while, looking at the robot. \"I am proud, but it would be so much better, if we never had to use her.\" \"I'm afraid we won't be that lucky, Vincent, so be prepared for anything.\" The Australian nodded, Michelle was right. They had to be prepared for anything possible. Well, he will be on guard. The sight of Moose was calming him down. Anyone will think twice before clashing with such machine. \"I'm gonna talk to police today, again. So when I'm gone, don't burn this place to ash.\" The woman stood up and left the room. \"Well, I guess we just return to work.\" Vincent opened a can and took a sip. \"First we should tell you all something. We met someone.\" Everyone in the room focused on Chappie, who turned to Ninja. \"You won't like this shit. Hippo is still alive, and he is after our asses.\" The only one that reacted to the name was Yolandi, and she didn't seem very happy about it. Deon with Vincent were completely clueless, just as Epsilon who was giving curious looks to Chappie \"He's not dead? I thought he was gone.\" Yolandi moved her robotic ears in surprise. \"Would someone be so kind and tell us who you are talking about?\" \"How to say it. Deon, you remember that dick that shot you?\" \"Yeah…\" \"Well, dats him.\" Ninja chose a very straight way to say such thing, but the point was clear. Deon understood and it sunk deeply into his mind. Vincent just felt kind of awkward to sit right next to him right now. They all could see Deon needed a while to take it all in. He frowned deeply and tapped his metal fingers few time on table. Vincent was the first one who dared to talk. \"You okay?\" \"I'm fine…\" Chappie moved closer to his maker. \"Deon…\" \"I SAID I'M FINE! I'M JUST GONNA KILL THAT FUCKER, WHO DID THIS TO ME!\" Both Chappie and Deon moved slightly away, when Deon punched the table. The Australian wouldn't admit it, but he was kind of scared of Deon right now. He had all rights to be angry, but he could be terrifying. His friend hid his face into hands, trying to process his own thoughts. He thought that the one who was responsible for his current state was dead. No, he was out there. To be honest, he would gladly kill him by his own hand. Deon finally showed his face, lowering ears. \"I'm sorry, I know this isn't like me, but…\" Vincent moved close to his friend and put arm around his shoulders. \"That's okay. Just let it out.\" \"Ja, you are right to be pissed, Deon. Ya can't always be nice. It's normal you get angry. I would be pissed being you.\" \"Where did you meet him?\" \"In the city. He was also surprised to see us.\" Deon turned to Chappie, when his child spoke. \"Don't worry, he won't hurt you, or anyone else, I'll take care of that. I'll go to city with Epsilon. We'll let you know if something bad happens over there.\" Deon turned to his son, not happy with what he just heard. They knew this place could get even more dangerous any day. Deon would most like to lock Chappie at home. \"Chappie, you don't have to do that. Other Scouts will keep the city safe, you don't have to be in danger.\" Chappie came close to his Maker. \"I know. Don't worry, I'll be careful.\" Chappie touched Deon's face gently. \"Promise, dad.\" Deon just nodded and looked down. He couldn't keep Chappie between four walls. He grew up, he was able to take care of himself, and in case something happens, there will be Epsilon with him. Deon looked at purple Scout. \"Just be careful, both of you.\" When both Scouts left, Deon felt like he took a deep breath. Why was he so nervous today? \"You should have some faith in them, Deon.\" Vincent's voice echoed in his head. \"I know, Vince, I know…\" \"Ja, they'll be fine, ya worry too much Deon.\" Yolandi agreed with older man, but that didn't change Deon's mind. He felt like something would happen and his nerves were stretched. The day was sunny and hot. Summer was not that far away. Streets of Johannesburg were crowded with people and it was not a rare view to see a patrolling Scout. Chappie with Epsilon were easily hidden in crowds. No one paid them any attention and that's just what they needed. There were no problems on the sight, so they dared to talk through comlink. \"I wonder, why is Maker trying so much to protect us,\" \"Get used to it, he is not going to change.\" \"But why?\" \"That's just his nature. He thinks he needs to protect us, no matter what happens. He does this since I was born.\" Epsilon looked at the side. \"The city seems quite peaceful today.\" \"I prefer it this way.\" The explosion appeared right in front of them and Chappie's trained instincts kicked in. He grabbed Epsilon with one arm and hid them both behind one of buildings. He was pulling the other Scout to himself, not even realizing. It was the instinct, need to protect his loved ones. The fact that Epsilon was as sturdy as him, didn't change a thing. They both looked at each other, asking the same thing. \"You okay?\" They both nodded and immediately look behind the corner. \"What exactly happened?\" Epsilon asked as they were both trying to find the cause of explosion. There was another one, but it didn't surprise them this time. \"Some fuckmother is shootin's at this place. I'm really starting to loose my patience with humans.\" Before he managed to do something, another explosion appeared. \"People are in danger, we should help them.\" \"Ja, you're right.\" They both sent signals to TetraVaal, others will take care. They were already on place, so they could help right in the moment. The first thing they did was to call all Scouts that were on patrol in surroundings. They'll be in charge from now on. First priority was to the innocent people out of this place. Chappie noticed people that were on buildings and shooting missiles. For some reason, that was making him uncomfortable. They had to get up there. Scouts managed to get most of the people to safety. Chappie with Epsilon were helping and also taking down attackers. They were not killing, just hitting them hard enough to make them faint. Police will take care of them. Epsilon was not used to this, he never fought anyone and to be honest he didn't like it. He knew how to fight; Deon put that knowledge into his memory when he was born. Hurting people was just not attractive to him. Chappie was far more agile in situation like this and didn't hesitate for a second. There were innocent people here and they needed help. Epsilon ran to help a small child that was hiding and crying behind a car. The Scout reached out to little boy. \"Don't worry, we'll get you out of here.\" The boy clearly didn't hesitate and rushed into Scout's arms. Epsilon stood up, carrying the child and Chappie just behind him took down another man. Epsilon took a chance and ran away with kid, handing him to escaping people. \"See? You'll be fine.\" The boy looked at him, nodding slightly. \"Thank you.\" Epsilon was pleasantly surprised by the act of gratefulness. He then returned to Chappie and looked over the place. \"People always make such a mess.\" Chappie frowned. Another explosion sounded and he took a weapon from another Scout. \"You know, I was once told one important thing.\" \"What is that?\" \"If you want to live, you must fight. Come on, we'll show them we don't like troublemakers in this city.\" Epsilon followed Chappie, they had to be fast. The older Scout was never too fond of firearms, but he used them when it was needed. He was shooting people into legs, not killing them, but he was sure they wouldn't get up. He was doing it not because he cared about these men, but they needed them alive. Any possible info was useful. Epsilon was covering Chappie's back and use of raw force was enough to break human bones. He didn't like doing this, but those were full grown men, they made their choices. He was here to protect Chappie, that was his main task. In the next moment, it was clear he would have to success in this task, because of events that came. Deon was nervously walking around the room. It was like he was waiting for something really bad to happen. Maybe he shouldn't let these two go outside. Maybe he was just too overprotective again. After all he was the only one freaking out, once again. The moment the message came; Deon knew his worries were fulfilled. He opened the message to see what was exactly going on. It was accompanied by video. Chappie and Epsilon were showing him the whole situation through their eyes. What Deon was seeing right now didn't make him happy. That part of city was a battlefield at this moment and his child was right there! He continued watching, hoping nothing drastic would happen. They will need help. Deon was about to inform others, when he heard the scream and loud explosion. After that, the broadcast stopped. It didn't matter Deon didn't have a heart anymore, he knew it would skip a beat right now. He was staring at the black screen, trying to contact Chappie or Epsilon through comlink. There was nothing, just silence. Deon was running through the halls of TetraVaal, trying to find someone. There was no time to waste. Scouts were already on the way, but Deon feared that might not be enough. It felt like he searched through the whole building, until he finally saw Vincent. \"Vincent! Thank god, you're here!\" \"What's wrong? Would you tell me, what is going on here?\" \"Chappie and Epsilon are in danger!\" He grabbed Vincent by shoulders. \"Please! Help them!\" \"Scouts are already on the way, aren't they?\" \"Yes, but I'm afraid they won't make it in time. Vincent, please…\" \"Okay, okay, slow down, mate. We will help them\" They both went to check on signal and the recording. Deon felt huge relief when they found at least Chappie's signal. There was no sign of Epsilon, but at least they could find them. They were on the roof of one of the buildings in the center. Vincent started to think how to get there as fast as possible. The streets were crowded with these people. There was no way they will get on that roof quickly enough, when they will walk. \"Can you talk to them?\" \"No. We have the signal, but Chappie doesn't answer. Maybe he can't. Where are others?\" \"Michelle is at the police station. Ninja and Yolandi went outside.\" \"I shouldn't let them go. I knew something bad would happen, I knew it! I'm the worst parent ever, again…\" Vincent shook head and put hand on his friend's shoulder. \"No, Deon, you're not. Yes, you screw up many times, but you are trying your best. Me, I don't even see my own children.\" Deon didn't say anything; there was no need for words. He knew he was lucky to be with his child, but that just reminded him even more they had do something right now. \"Please, tell me you have some crazy plan, how to get there fast.\" \"There is one way to get you there, but you won't like it.\" \"…What is it?\" Vincent gave him ironic look. \"You can fly there, with Moose.\" Deon's long ear rose in shock. \"No, no. I don't like heights!\" \"But you can fly with plane-\" \"That's different! I don't really like it either, but planes are made to fly with! I'm not gonna climb on that thing's back and hope I won't fall!\" Vincent took a deep breath. \"I hate to say this Deon, but it's the only way to get there. The only way to your child. So, whatcha gonna do?\" Deon gave him a long look, not sure what to say. The older man was right, it was the fastest way. He needed to go there and they just couldn't order a helicopter like it was a pizza. \"Deon, you don't have to go there.\" \"No… I must. I don't want to spend my whole life sitting and waiting, when he comes home. It is possible he may not come back one day and I'm gonna let that happen. He was always there to protect me, Vincent. It's finally time for me to protect HIM.\" Australian was watching his friend and then smiled dearly. \"So, you goin'?\" \"...Yeah, I will do it, but if something happens to me, you are responsible for it! Please… be careful.\" \"Oh, don't worry, I'll be gentle.\" It didn't take long before Michelle got to know what is happening in the city. She was sitting in the office of police station, with police chief, when they got to know about the situation. Ninja and Yolandi were outside in the city and saw it on own eyes when it all began and there was no time to waste. Chappie didn't really understood what happened. It was alike a flash of light. When he finally managed to wake up and get back consciousness, he remembered to not move. If there was someone who wanted you dead, it was never a good idea to start move and give them a hint you are alive. He just started to slowly look around himself. Where were they? It looked like a roof. He dared to look at side, to see bunch of Scouts that were turned off and damaged. He was fine, non damaged. Chappie noticed there was some kind of net lying on all of them. He didn't want to believe what he was seeing. His eyes found Epsilon. The purple Scout was lying under another Scout and didn't seem to be awake. \"Epsilon, Epsilon…\" Chappie tried to contact his brother through comlink, but there was no answer. Why couldn't he talk to Epsilon? What was wrong? Searching through his memory, he tried to concentrate on the last moments he remembered, before he woke up here. There was an explosion, right next to them. He saw Epsilon… His memory didn't provide him the best point of look, but when he looked at the other Scout again, it started to be clear to him. There were burns on the purple finish and Chappie feared there would be something worse. Epsilon protected him that was for sure. That was also probably the reason, why he didn't wake up yet. There were men all around them, but Chappie didn't care. He had to get closer. When no one was looking, he moved slowly towards the other Scout. No one noticed him, he was lucky. \"Epsilon, wake up, please.\" Chappie tried the comlink again, but there silence. He started to check on Epsilon's body. One half was okay, but when he looked at the other one, it was like someone punched him right in the face. The majority Epsilon's right arm was missing and right part of the chest was also damaged. That's what happened, Epsilon protected him with own body. Chappie let out a silent cry in his mind, feeling the pain and regret. It didn't matter the arm could always be replaced and everything could be fixed, he still suffered from horrible feelings. They did this to someone who was a family to him, to someone that he called brother. It was all the same again, just like when they kidnapped Deon. This time, however, he didn't burst into an outrage. Chappie instead curled around his brother, willing to protect him at any cost and hoping someone will come for them. \"Please, wake up…\" He leaned down, hoping for an answer. \"You… okay?\" Chappie thought he was hearing voices, but to his eternal relief, that was not the case. He looked down, to see another pair of blue glowing eyes. \"Ja, thanks to you.\" \"I'm starting to have some doubts about this…\" Deon was looking at huge robot, standing right in front of him. \"Are you sure, I can fly on this thing?\" \"You just need to hold on, but I'm sure your Scout body has enough strength for that. Just hop on her, hold tight and I'll care of everything else.\" Vincent sat into the pilot chair, taking the neural helmet. \"We didn't test it…\" Vincent shrugged. \"Ghostbusters also didn't test their equipment, and it worked. It's almost the same like old Moose, so we practically have it tested.\" Deon sighed. \"Do we have permission from Michelle?\" \"No, we don't have time for such things, Deon. Come, get on her.\" Vincent crossed himself, put the helmet on, booting up the systems. Deon did as he was told, not really happy about it, but he knew it had to be done. There was no other way. It was not hard to find a place, where he could hang on, but he knew his fear of heights would kick in soon. When Moose made the first movement, Deon yelled in surprise and held on tight. \"You said you'd be careful!\" \"I am careful, don't want to see when I'm not.\" Deon felt like taking a deep breath, even though he couldn't anymore. Vincent turned the systems on and grinned. \"Let's go up!\" Moose jumped off the ground, heading towards the opened part of the roof. Deon dug his metallic fingers into bigger robot's shell, hoping he will survive this trip. When they left the building, the sun and blue sky showed up. It was actually a very beautiful sight, until Deon looked down and realized how high he is. \"Don't look down and enjoy the ride.\" Moose headed to the target location, while Deon tried to keep himself calm. Why did he even say yes to this plan? He didn't really think about the possibility of falling down before, and now it started to occupy his mind. He was lucky that Moose was moving very smoothly in the air, so it was not hard to hang on her. In that moment, Michelle was still in the police building and she thought her eyes and common sense are taking vacation, when she saw a huge white and blue robot soaring over the town. She will kill that Australian with her own bare hands! \"How does the world look from up there?\" Deon dared to look around and saw many places of Johannesburg. It really was interesting, to see the city from this point of view. \"Actually… quite nice.\" Now was not the time to admire beauty of the world, but Deon couldn't help it. He was afraid, but trusted Vincent enough. He just wished so much, Chappie and Epsilon are okay. He should try to contact them again. This time, there was an answer. Deon couldn't reach Epsilon, but Chappie was there. \"Chappie? The voice of his father was like light in the dark to him. He was staying close to Epsilon, ready to answer to any possible attack and then he suddenly heard Deon's voice in his head. \"Deon…\" \"Thank god, you're alive. We're coming for you! We're almost there!\" Chappie moved down his ears, pretending to be just a limb body, when some of the men looked at him. Then he whispered to the comlink, even when it was not necessary. \"Just look up, boy.\" Chappie did as he was told and his eyes landed on big robot that flew over and landed with loud sound in front of them. Young Scout was even more surprised when he saw his father jumping off it and running to him and Epsilon. Chappie stared at him, not understanding the situation. He never thought such a moment would come. When he looked behind Deon, there was Moose. All men that were on the roof were shocked and horrified. Not that Chappie complained, they deserved this. \"I'll get you out of here.\" Deon grabbed the net and tried to rip it off. Chappie did the same to help. Epsilon watched them silently and then studying their surroundings. They finally manage to rip off the net, even when it required a lot of effort. Deon then immediately pulled Chappie close, feeling the relief. His eyes then moved to Epsilon. \"Oh god, what happened to you?\" \"I'll be fine. It can be replaced.\" Deon was looking at Epsilon, who was rather calm about his current situation. When they get back to TetraVaal, Deon will do anything to fix him. He looked back to check on the progress of situation and saw Vincent was doing rather well. The men visibly didn't have any weapons that could damage Moose. Since they were on the roof, there was not much place to run or hide. Some of the men rather jumped off the building, hopelessly trying to get away. Deon wanted to help Chappie and Epsilon get out of the net, when one of attackers tried to take care of him. \"Maker!\" Epsilon called and Deon turned just in time to face the attacker and the first instinct was to get him away with a single arm. The Scout body allowed him to do more and the man was smashed to the ground. Deon then stopped, realizing what he did and remembering own strength. \"That's what you get for hurting my family!\" \"Good job, dad.\" Chappie managed to get out of net and then helped Epsilon. Deon wondered what they wanted to do with all these Scouts. Were these the same people that kidnapped him back then? \"Deon, you okay there?\" \"Yeah.\" They all watched as Vincent used Moose to crush the resistance and there were sounds of police cars down there in the streets. \"I guess we're fine…\" Michelle got out of the car and looked up, seeing silhouette of Moose in the sunlight. She also noticed Ninja with Yolandi, who were helping people to get away. \"Miss Bradley, is that your robot up there?\" \"Sadly, yes, and I will punish the one that is responsible for this havoc.\" Police chief smiled. \"You will have a plenty of time, after we clean this mess.\" When they returned to TetraVaal, the first thing they saw was Vincent leaning on the wall and looking at them curiously. Moose returned before them. All damaged Scouts were taken back, but Chappie with Epsilon staid with Deon. The Australian was surprised by Epsilon's state, but he didn't ask and rather went with the Scout to repair room. He let the Scout sit down and found a replacement for Epsilon's damaged arm. \"Don't worry, you'll be just as new. We'll get you new arm and then also replace your chest plates.\" Vincent carefully took Epsilon's damaged arm and with a few simple movements took it off. The man put the arm down on the floor and then took the new one, clicking it into Scout's shoulder. \"Does it work?\" Epsilon started to move the arm slowly as systems soon registered his new limb. \"Yes, thank you.\" Vincent nodded with an honest smile. It was ironic. Back then it was him who cut off Chappie's left arm. Now he was the one replacing Epsilon's right arm. He sat next to the Scout, tapping him on the back. \"You did good, kid.\" \"Really? I just tried to protect him.\" \"Yes, and that's why you are here, but next time, watch over yourself, okay?\" Epsilon nodded, gaining another rub on the back from Australian. Deon with Chappie appeared in the room and Vincent grinned. \"See? I told you would survive this little air trip.\" Deon sighed. \"I hope I will never have to do such thing again.\" He then leaned close to Epsilon. \"We were able to contact Chappie, but not you. I guess the explosion damaged your systems. Don't worry, I'll take a look and fix everything.\" Epsilon nodded and Chappie leaned close, hugging him. \"Thanks, bro.\" Vincent gave Deon an ironic look, knowing exactly what is his friend thinking. Deon had a problem, a big one. They both knew that when Epsilon was created, Deon didn't want to get attach to him, so he wouldn't be devastated when something happens to him. He was here to protect Chappie, so it was expected for Epsilon to take a hit time by time. Michelle sent them a message to just go home. They will deal with details tomorrow. Deon was not very happy, however, when he saw Chappie let Epsilon rest with him in his bed. The things were not developing the way Deon wanted. He didn't want another child, he couldn't bear the thought of losing anyone, mainly Chappie. Epsilon was here to take care of that, but what is he also gets attached to him? Deon was standing in the opened door to Chappie's room and his child gave him a signal to come close. His father did so and sat on the bed next to other two Scouts. \"I never thought you would do such a thing, just to save us. I'm proud of you.\" Deon smiled gently, he knew they recognized it. \"I'll always be here to protect you, always.\" ","Summary":" The morning came and Chappie with Epsilon knew they have an important duty to do. They had to wake "},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Forgiving","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11690044","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello guys, MoonRay here :) Time for a new story. Take tissues guys, this is a deep one. The title is inspired by song \"Forgiving\". \"Deon, Deon…\" He heard a voice, but he didn't want to wake up. He felt comfortable, safe, and very content where he was now. There was no desire to leave this bed for today, but as always, the world had other plans. It took few more words and touches to make him open eyes. The first thing he saw was Chappie, with a bunny right next to him. \"Good morning, dad.\" Chappie hugged Deon and to be honest, his Maker couldn't be even mad at him right now, for waking him up. He then fully realized where they are. Yes, they were home. \"Good morning.\" Deon then looked at Chelsea, who got under the blanket, curiously sniffing all her surroundings. Maybe she was thinking she would find something tasty under the blanket. After a while she showed head outside out blanket, clearly disappointed she didn't find anything. \"Time to wake up, you were sleeping for too long.\" \"Wait, how long did I sleep?\" \"It's already 10 AM.\" Chappie took Chelsea in his hands and Deon's ears raised. \"Already?\" \"Ja.\" Chappie watched Deon as he got up from the bed and went downstairs. Bunny in his arms was also looking, and Chappie looked at her. \"We're going after him, ja?\" It was such a good feeling to wake up in your own home after such a long time. Deon sighed, when he knew he couldn't go, make a breakfast and eat it, while reading or looking at something. He missed these human habits, but the feeling of being home again was nice by itself. Chappie didn't waste any time, he was already looking at the Internet for all sort of things that he would like to have in his room. He understood very well that they could walk outside, but going to the store and buying stuff was stretching it. Deon was pleasantly surprised that Chappie managed to handle everything by himself, sometimes he asked about something, but he didn't need any help with searching. It didn't take long and they were visited by Ninja and Yolandi. No one was really sure what awaits them today. Michelle said she would come and tell them details. She wanted them in company as fast as possible. Because of this, Deon expected Vincent to come as well. Yolandi was visibly enjoying advising Chappie what he should have in his room and he was listening like a good behaved son. Michelle came before lunchtime, and she was followed by Vincent. They all sit in the living room and Vincent poked Deon. \"That's one big mess you have there, nerd.\" \"That's a working space!\" Chappie actually chuckled when he heard this, remembering yesterday. \"OK, OK, don't be like little kids. We have a lot to discuss.\" Michelle took out many papers and was pleased that they obeyed, this time. She put papers on table. \"As I told you, you are going to work in TetraVaal, but it won't be the same. Because of what happened and what you did Vincent, we need to keep it as secret as we can. That means, you will work on a different place.\" She pointed on map. \"Some time ago, I got TetraVaal a new working place. It's almost on the edge of town and it will serve you all as your working station. As I said, we must keep this as secret as possible, so there will be only few people working there beside you. Twenty to twenty-five people, that signed me a contract they will keep silence, or… Well you don't have to know everything. We will present it as something uninteresting and boring, something as a place for storage of scrap, something to do with logistics, administration and so on. But in fact, you will work on special and advanced technology and research. Only we and few other people will have access to that place, and the most interesting areas will be hidden from other people. I really don't want police to look into our secret projects. Any questions?\" Everyone shook their heads. It was very clear to them. \"Good, now, Vincent, you will be able to return to old working place, time by time. Only those few people know what you have done, the rest of company knows nothing. Still, that doesn't mean I will just return you on your old position. You will have a support role. This is also because I need something to tell people when they ask about you. The fact is that Moose failed, so people would be very confused if you didn't pay for any consequences, and I don't feel like you are ready to get back on your old position. So, instead you will work with others as I told you. I actually think it will be best, if you will work under Chappie and Deon. Understood?\" Vincent slowly nodded, he wasn't happy, but he humbly accepted. \"Understood.\" \"What will we do?\" Yolandi asked \"That's a good question.\" Michelle took out other papers and put them on table. \"We need new paint jobs for Scouts. People know about you, Chappie, they know you exist, so it won't be that hard for you to go around, but, we need to find a way how to protect Deon.\" Deon's ears rose. \"Protect?\" \"Yeah. To be honest, Deon, you would become maybe the most wanted man on Earth if people get to know that you found a way how to be immortal. We need people to think you are a regular Scout. Otherwise, we have a problem. I think you all can imagine what chaos would come. So, because of this, I want Scouts to have several color designs, so it will be much harder for anyone to spot difference. That's where you two will be useful. You will help with new designs, we must keep it fresh.\" She folded papers. \"So, any questions, or we can go and look at the place?\" Since no one asked anything, Michelle took that as answer. Chappie didn't feel comfortable to leave bunny all alone for the first time, but he knew he couldn't take her everywhere. So he just made himself sure she has food and water and put her in the cage. He knew they would be back soon, it just felt unpleasant to leave her all alone here. Well, he must get used on it. They arrived at the place and got in quickly. At first, it seemed like a regular working place. Michelle already let everything to be reconstructed in TetraVaal's style. It looked like a small version of the original building. They walked all around the place. \"Looks like a very boring place, so where is the big fish hidden?\" Michelle came to the wall and looked back at Vincent. \"Right here.\" She touched wall and nothing happened. Confused looks made her touch other places. Aster few more attempts, she started to be very annoyed. The others were watching her, very confused. \"Wow, I remember I got so fookin high, I was also touching wall like that.\" Deon looked at Ninja and shook his head. \"I don't think that's the same thing.\" He then looked at Chappie who came beside Michelle. He was looking at the wall for a moment and then pointed on one certain spot. Michelle touched it and a small panel slides out. She looked at Scout. \"Thank you….\" Chappie just nodded and Michelle took out the pass. It was accepted by the panel and she tapped in the password. The door opened right in front of them. \"Well, come on. The wonderland waits.\" She went first and other slowly followed her. They were going through empty hall that was painted in dark colors and then reached another door. Michelle opened it with another password and door opened, revealing the huge room. The group entered it and started to look around. \"Welcome to your new workplace. It's only yours, so if you make a mess here, I know who did it.\" \"It's so big here…\" Chappie was turning his head in all directions, trying to see every small detail. \"And… empty…\" \"Yes, that's intention. There is basic equipment you need, and I can get you more, but it's up to you to decorate it here and make yourself comfortable. I also wanted a big place, because I don't want to risk you killing each other, because of small space between you all.\" Chappie went right to the area with computers, wanting to know what he can find there. He was content with what they got and then he noticed a neural helmet that was put on the table. He took it in his hands and chuckled. Look what we got here. He could also tell it was exactly the same one that he used to save himself and Deon. \"Hey, hey, hey, hey, that's mine.\" Vincent took the helmet from him and put it back on table. \"Ask, before you take something.\" \"Yes, people should ask before they take something that doesn't belong to them, right, Deon?\" Michelle turned to orange Scout and it was visible, how ashamed Deon looked. \"Erm… yeah, right.\" Chappie then glanced at Vincent. \"You know, I can make my own if I want to.\" Vincent didn't really know how to react to this. Was Chappie actually trying to… rival him? That boy was really starting to raise his self-confidence. Well, two could play this game. \"You can try.\" Chappie raised his ears and it was clear he took this a challenge. \"Oh no, he starts to have a man manners.\" Yolandi sighed and Michelle nodded. \"Not good.\" \"Dat's good, he's finally starting to man up.\" Both women looked at Ninja with displeased look. \"Being a headstrong idiot is not a good thing.\" \"What?\" Ninja gazed at Michelle, who was staring at him with ironic look. Yolandi didn't really say anything, but it was clear on which side she was. Michelle looked at her watch that started to ring. \"Oh, right it's time.\" Everyone turned to her and Deon asked. \"Time for what?\" \"I told you, few people know what is going on here, you are going to meet them now. So, stay here.\" She left and the whole group started to look at each other. This is going to be interesting. When Michelle returned, she was followed by the group of people. They entered the room and right at the entrance they could at least see there are free robots in the room. Deon was nervously rubbing his hands, so Chappie put a hand on his shoulder, to calm him down. When people finally came close to them, Michelle made a gesture to stop everyone. \"Well, here we are. Now you will know to what you actually agreed in that contract. So, ladies and gentleman, I believe you all remember when we were solving problem with Chappie. Now you can talk right to him, and also Deon and others who got into this crazy mess.\" People stared at Michelle for a while and then looked at small group that was behind her. There was whispering, but it didn't take too long for someone to ask. \"You mean… it's really them? So Deon isn't really dead?\" \"No, I'm not.\" All people looked at orange Scout, recognizing the voice. \"Well as you can see, I'm alive… just in different body. Yeah, that's my normal life these days.\" There was an awkward silence for few seconds, but it was soon broken by happy voices and laughter. Deon was soon surrounded by people. \"We thought you are dead,\" said almost everyone. \"The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.\" Deon answered with a strong irony in his voice. \"Well for being dead, he doesn't look so bad.\" Everyone laughed. \"Still, how is this even possible?\" The man that was older asked. \"Well… I think I should get you to know, my child.\" He looked back and took Chappie by hand, gently getting his son in front of him. \"This is Chappie, but… I guess you already heard of him.\" People got even closer with amazed looks on their faces, like they never saw a Scout before. Chappie felt an urge to flinch, but he stayed on place, since Deon's hands on his shoulders were making him sure nothing bad will happen. He was just never before surrounded by so many strangers, so this situation was making him nervous. The last time when a bigger group of people surrounded him, was when they beat him and burned him, so he had reasons to be cautious. \"Wow… Deon, so you really made it?\" One man reached to Chappie and Scout by instinct made a step back, getting closer to Deon. \"Oh, poor thing, he looks so scared.\" Chappie looked at the woman who he heard talking. \"Yeah, he is not used to be around so many strangers. He had some bad experiences, but he's really friendly, right?\" Deon looked at Chappie and his child just nodded. \"Well… Can he talk?\" Another man asked and Chappie finally decided to communicate. \"I can.\" People started to sound excited when he finally talked and Michelle smirked. \"You will hear him a lot; he is practically your boss, because you will all work under him and Deon.\" The group of people turned to Michelle and someone said. \"Well, I don't mind. Deon was always nice, so…\" The man glanced at Chappie. \"I think you will be the same.\" \"...I was nice?\" Deon wondered and everyone started to nod. \"But, I thought you don't even care about me.\" The woman laughed. \"We did like you, Deon, you just never had time for us. Every time we invited you somewhere, you just said you have a work to do. We understood we're not as cool as your computer, so we just stopped asking.\" They laughed again and Deon just sighed. \"Still, it's really nice to see you are not dead. TetraVaal just wasn't same without you.\" Deon smiled for himself. \"Well, I think it will never be the same, again.\" He looked back at and glanced at Ninja and Yolandi who came closer. Just like people were looking at Chappie, they were also looking at Yolandi. By now they knew who Ninja was, but since he was visibly willing to cooperate, they didn't feel any urge to be afraid of him. Deon managed to make some very bizarre friends by time. Everyone's look changed when they noticed Vincent, who was leaning on the wall and apparently not wanting to join them. To his bad luck, people saw him and that was enough. He noticed they are coming to him, but didn't leave. \"So here you are.\" \"Hey, Vincent, would you be so nice and tell us why you tried to ruin this company and get us all unemployed?\" \"I didn't… I didn't want to-\" Another voice came. \"What did you want?! Prove how selfish and stupid you are?! I don't know about you, but I have a family!\" \"I wanted to help!\" Chappie was carefully watching everything and he could swear that if a rage could be visible, it would be like a tidal wave now. He looked at Deon, and his Maker returned the glance. He just shook his head and sighed. \"HELP?!\" \"Are you shitting us?!\" \"You let so many people get killed and you call that help?!\" \"You are a selfish idiot!\" Michelle didn't know what to do; she was just standing there and staring. To be honest, she didn't know whether she should actually do something. These people had reason to be angry. Vincent wasn't saying anything, he just listened to all those hateful words. One man then went close to him and everyone fell silent. \"Vincent, tell me, what did you risk that day when you did it? Do you have family to support?\" Vincent shook his head. \"No…\" \"Yes, you don't, but most of us do! It looks like it's a hobby for you, but for us, its work. We have families, so we need money for them. We are not here to play, unlike you! So please, act as a mature one this time, and don't try to screw up lives of everyone around you.\" \"Yeah, he doesn't have a family…\" \"That's actually a good thing. Imagine if he would, they would suffer so much because of how selfish he is!\" Deon noticed something interesting. He knew very well Vincent never really paid attention to insults; he didn't care if people like him, as long as he gets what he wants, but something got under his skin right now. In the moment they started to say it is good he doesn't have a family, Vincent shivered strongly. Deon was thinking for a while, if he really saw it, but after a while he was sure. For some reason this was the only thing that was effective on Vincent. Why? \"OK, people, I think that's enough. You can say what you think, but this is going too far.\" Michelle folded arms on her chest and she looked at Vincent. She at least expected him to fight back, but that didn't happen. He just looked at her and shook head. \"Okay, I think that's enough for today. You will have a plenty of time to work on your social life here, but I think it will be best to go home now. Okay?\" Everyone looked at her and slow nods started to appear. Michelle understood she couldn't really tell them to calm down. Vincent did a horrible thing. People started to leave the room, but there could be heard rumbling. Chappie heard all their words precisely and actually marveled at how many swears people can produce in such a short time. Vincent made such a horrible mistake and he deserved to be yelled at, but that wasn't the reason why they are here. After a while, the people left. \"Well, I hoped this would go better.\" Michelle sighed. \"Yeah…\" Yolandi nodded and they looked at Vincent, who was visibly deep in his thoughts. \"Vincent?\" Michelle came close to him and finally got his attention. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah… sure. Never been better. I guess I will also go, still have some stuff to do.\" \"We will all go…\" Deon looked at Chappie. \"We need to see whether the bunny is okay at home.\" Chappie nodded and Vincent was the first one to leave the room. Michelle then groaned. \"God, this is such a mess. No one go to him, I know this behavior, and he needs to be left alone.\" She was glad when all of them agreed with a nod, Deon did too, but he knew he isn't going to obey this time. He got himself and Chappie home, but he told his child he still has something to take care about. Chappie didn't ask what it was exactly, but didn't seem to have any problems with it. For some reason, Deon felt like Chappie knows where he is going. He took a van and arrived to Vincent's house. He got inside with back door. Getting over fences in this body was laughable task. There were clouds and it was about to start raining. Well, he got in just in time. He went upstairs and opened door to Vincent's bedroom. \"Vincent, are you here?\" He came in and saw older man standing in front of window. He then turned to look at his unexpected visitor. \"What do you want, Deon? Wait… what are you doing in my house?\" \"Just want to talk to you.\" Vincent looked at orange Scout and slowly nodded. \"Why not. So many people yelled at me today, it doesn't matter if there will be one more.\" Deon shook his head. \"I didn't come to yell at you. I just thought, you would like… some company.\" Vincent looked at him with confused look. \"Why? Just why, Deon? You have all rights to hate me. Yet you are the one who still tries to help me. I deserve all this hate. I caused so many problems, they are right to hate me. Then you come, trying to help me. Why? Just because Michelle told you so?!\" Vincent then turned back to window, there were so many feelings boiling inside him right now. He was angry, sad, depressed, all at once and he didn't know how to deal with it. Deon was actually making it worse. \"They are right… I was selfish, reckless and careless. Thinking only about myself, my robot, my wishes to terminate criminals. I didn't think about other people. I deserve the hate.\" He leaned his forehead on the glass of window. It was raining and water was going down, reflecting on his face. \"They are right. It's a good thing I don't have my own family. I wouldn't be able to take care of them!\" \"Vincent, that's not true…\" \"YOU WON! IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT TO HEAR?!\" Vincent yelled so much it actually made Deon flinch and his ears dropped. He could see tears in older man's eyes. He had that furious flame in his eyes. Vincent was terrifying when he was angry. Deon then realized one thing. He never saw Vincent cry… \"No, it's not. Vincent I never wanted to compete with you, I never wanted to defeat you. Why do you even think I would want such thing?\" \"Because you are so much better than me! Your robots succeed, not mine! You created an artificial life! And in the end it destroyed my Moose and sent me right to hospital! And look at yourself! You are immortal! Yes, people are not supposed to live forever, and yet you will! You have a family! People like you! You have a child!\" Vincent buried head into his hands and got down on floor. \"I lost everything I worked so hard for, and you, you have everything… What do you want from me? Can't you just leave me alone?\" Deon was looking at ex-soldier, shocked. This side of Vincent was totally foreign to him. He never saw him cry, and now when he did, he didn't know how to feel about it. His face was all red and tears were going down his cheeks. \"I never wanted this. I wanted something else.\" Vincent frowned. \"You're immortal, isn't that enough for you?\" \"I don't want immortality Vincent, or this body. Humans aren't supposed to live forever, and living in body made of metal makes you suffer. While you were sleeping, I was struggling to at least not go crazy. You can't even imagine what it's like to suddenly find yourself in a body that can't feel pain or pleasure. You can't eat, drink, feel touch, smell things. I didn't even sleep for the first week. Trust me Vincent, I may survive, but I suffered a lot. I wouldn't make it, if I was alone. Chappie was always there for me, he was the only thing that was keeping me alive. I would die without him. You think it was easy for me, no, it wasn't. It's still hard, and I don't know how I would deal with immortality. But I'm sure I don't want to do the same mistakes again. Trust me, I never wanted to see you fall or hurt you. All I wanted was to create artificial intelligence, and we know how that went, but I don't regret it…\" Vincent looked at him, confused. \"But if you wouldn't create him, maybe you wouldn't… die… and get into this body, you wouldn't be immortal.\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah, but I wouldn't have him. I didn't intend to have children, not now, and maybe not in the future, but he is the best child I could ever ask for. I am willing to live forever, as long as I can be with him, because he is willing to do the same for me.\" \"You changed…\" Vincent wiped his nose and Deon nodded. \"Being a parent changes you, to be better. Now I understand that it's the most important to live for someone else, not for yourself or your own dreams. I got what I wanted, even if it means to become a parent. So I am going to take care of him, even for eternity. Don't you also have some dream?\" Deon came close to Vincent and sat in front of him. Australian didn't send him away, instead he was thinking. \"I only wanted to help people, Deon. I saw so much bad shit in army, so I hoped when I will create Moose, people would be safe. I wanted to help, but then you came. And I never got a chance.\" He sighed. \"World is bad, Deon. It's full of violence, pain and suffering. I never thought you could understand this, since you never saw such things as I did. You always seemed so naive to me. A kid who plays with robots, but doesn't understand what it is like outside.\" Vincent rubbed his eyes and wiped away another tear. Deon was thinking for a while and sighed. \"The truth is I never liked police, army, or the purpose for what Scouts were used. I was glad they protect people, but I was never really got into it emotionally. I guess you are right at some points… Still, don't you have anything else, than just army and crashing of criminals? You know, having own family, or something like that? I know I sound hypocritical, since I was the one spending all day at work or at home, but still…\" Vincent gave him a surprised look. \"No. My family is in Australia, I don't have anyone here. I have many friends in the army. I came here to work at TetraVaal and protect people, nothing else. Well, Michelle and I became friends, but nothing more...\" There was a silence for a while. Deon realized he came here for the same reason. TetraVaal gave him a chance to create robots, but until birth of Chappie, he didn't really have anyone here. It was frustrating when he realized all of this was one big mistake after another. So many things could be avoided. Vincent wasn't bad or evil, he had heart on the right place, and now Deon regretted so much, they never really tried to get along. He reached his metallic hand to Vincent and older man looked at him. \"Well, I know I can't make up for family, or your army friends, but… would you like to have a nerd like me as your friend?\" His hand stayed on place. Vincent looked at it and then back at Deon's face. He didn't really know what to do, but after a while his face started to look more relaxed. Should he say yes? What more could he lose? Still, Deon was right, they had to avoid old mistakes and if they won't learn and get better, it will happen again. Also, having a new friend didn't sound so bad, even if it was Deon. Just like him, Deon never had bad intentions; it was all game of stupid mistakes and accidents. They spent some time together till now and Vincent had to admit, that even when Deon could be annoying and too nerdy, he was nice and always willing to help. Since he spent so much time alone, Vincent thought Deon would be selfish and grumpy, but that wasn't the true. Maybe it could work… Vincent reached out carefully with his hand and took Deon's one, creating a weak grip around it. \"I would…\" He actually smiled, it was a weak smile, but it was there. Deon's ears went up. \"Good, but I won't go with you to church. Remember that.\" Maybe it was too soon to start joking, but Vincent actually laughed. \"You should, you sin more than this whole planet. You would be there for years to get rid of every sin.\" They stared at each other for a while and Deon made the grip tighter. \"So… friends?\" Vincent smiled. \"Friends, but… please don't tell anyone that…\" \"That I saw you cry?\" \"...yeah.\" Vincent rubbed his face and tried to calm down, he had to look awful. \"Don't worry, I won't tell.\" They went down to living room and Vincent got himself a tea, so he can calm himself down. Deon was sitting next to him and looking at window that was regularly splashed by the rain. Vincent visibly calmed down, but he was still not feeling comfortable. \"I'm sorry for snapping like that… For most of the time I keep my head cool…\" \"That's okay, everyone snaps sometimes.\" Vincent sipped the tea again. \"You know, you didn't answer me one thing…\" Older man blinked, confused. \"Well, go ahead, ask.\" \"Why don't you have a family, Vincent?\" Deon noticed Vincent flinched for a second. Australian stayed silent for a while, not making an eye contact. It actually took minutes, Deon was patient but he was starting to get worried. When Vincent started to talk, he felt relief. \"I had a family Deon, I did...\" \"Wait, you had?\" The answer came in a simple nod. \"I even had children, but I haven't seen them for years now.\" Vincent leaned back on couch and put head on his knees. \"What happened? Where are they?\" \"I don't know, maybe they are still in Australia. I didn't lose them because of an accident, I lost them because I was never there. In the beginning, we thought we would manage it somehow, but over time, my wife couldn't handle that I was never home. I spent so much time on missions that I was barely home. Over the time, she had enough. She wanted me to leave army, but I didn't. So we got divorced and she won, wanting me to stay away from our children. It's so long, I'm afraid I wouldn't even recognize them today. I tried to forget, but you can never forget your child, or someone you love. That's also why I didn't want any new relationship, I'm afraid of being burned again…\" He looked down and rubbed his hands, old memories coming back. It hurt so much. Vincent buried head into his knees and Deon could clearly see he is shaking. \"I thought that when I will run away, and try to forget, it will help, but it didn't. I still miss them.\" Vincent sobbed and Deon watched him silently. He never even got slightest idea, that Vincent was haunted by such things. Deon could understand why the woman left him, but not allowing him to see his own children seemed too cruel. Well, that's how humans work. Oh, God, Deon hoped Chappie would never start to think about this side of humans. They would be so screwed. He then looked back at Vincent. He wanted to help, somehow, but didn't know how. \"It'll be okay.\" Vincent blinked and looked at Deon. Yeah, it will be OK. Time will heal everything, even when it takes so long. He had to get himself together again. Still, for now, he was glad there was someone beside him. At least he wasn't alone… \"There is nothing worse than to have family and then losing it, knowing you weren't strong and good enough to take care of them…\" \"I guess I know that feeling, sort of. I know it isn't the same, when I feel like I can't handle one child, and when you had a whole family to care about. But I guess it's a similar feeling…\" He didn't really know if he was helping right now, or looking totally stupid. He just knew that when people can relate to someone with their problems, they often feel better. He was surprised when Vincent actually nodded. \"Yeah… I guess it is similar. You should go; at least you have someone who waits for you, when you come home…\" \"Yeah… I should, but, please, remember you can always come.\" Vincent actually smiled, but didn't say anything. When Deon returned home, he saw Chappie is on couch and reading a story to his bunny. He clearly didn't care that this small animal could not understand what he was trying to tell him. When Chappie spotted Deon, he put bunny on couch and came to hug him. He asked if Deon wants to join them and his Maker nodded. He sat next to Chappie and listened as his child was reading. Vincent was right; Deon had someone who was waiting for him with open arms and loving embrace. To be honest, he felt really sorry for the older man, mainly when he got to know that he had family once and lost it. For now, it didn't matter what Vincent did, Deon still felt sorry for him. He looked at Chappie. Yes, he felt sorry for Vincent; because he himself knew what it is like to almost lose a family. Maybe it could be helped, somehow… ","Summary":" Hello guys, MoonRay here :) Time for a new story. Take tissues guys, this is a deep one. The title "},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Good to be live","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11572987","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Since they met with Michelle, they stayed in contact with her. They weren't posting friendly messages, they weren't that far, but the conversations got more and more relaxed over time. She was giving them reports of how things are evolving on her side and how she is trying to clean up names and at the same time get TetraVaal back on the rail. It will still need some time, months. Chappie was patient, he didn't want to rush her. Yes, he couldn't wait when he will be able to walk around the town and explore the world for real. The real outside world, the same world that Ninja told him about so much time ago, when he just left him outside. Chappie tried to not think of the day, when he was beaten, burned and later he got his hand cut off. He knew not all humans are bad, but he didn't want to ruin his option of mankind, because of one day. Still, the more and more he was sitting in the tree's crown outside the house and watching world around him. Humans were fascinating beings; they all looked and acted so differently. Deon was terrified, when he discovered Chappie is just sitting in the tree and he could be seen, but over some time he calmed down. Chappie was careful and reacted very quickly, so he always got hidden when someone came. It was still making Deon nervous, but at least he didn't have panic attacks anymore. Chappie was once again sitting in tree's crown and looking around. Sun was coming down and he could see children playing on streets. Those little versions of humans were the most fascinating. They were more active, cheerful and innovative. He liked to watch children the most, adults most of the time just came home, or argued with someone else. Yes, watching adults argue and swear was also interesting, but he rather enjoyed watching kids who were pretending they are pirates, or someone called Han Solo. He wondered whether he could play with them one day. He started to feel, lonely… Yes, he had his family, but sometimes he wondered what it would be like, if he could go and talk to someone else. Play with someone else. Even when he was maturing so fast, he was still child at heart. He wanted to have fun, but he couldn't, because he had to hide and couldn't come in contact with strangers. Deon and Yolandi started to notice this some time ago. Unfortunately they couldn't do anything to fix it. Chappie needed company of other kids and people, but for now, he had to wait and hope the chance would come soon. The only thing they could do was to spend more time with him. Even when Deon wasn't a very social person, and he himself didn't need to meet with other people, he understood Chappie isn't like him. He wanted to meet people; he wanted to talk with them. Deon knew this, and he felt very sorry he can't do anything for his son, to make it better. This resulted in Chappie trying to find other ways to entertain himself. Now when he didn't have to be worried about his own mortality and finding a way to survive, his number one priority was finding a way to simulate human senses. He was curious how it feels like to touch things, smell, feel cold or warmth, but he wasn't doing it mainly for himself. He was doing it for his Maker and mommy. Yolandi adapted to her body much faster and better than Deon, but Chappie knew it's mainly because they prepared the body. For Deon, it was a shock, he wasn't ready for this. Getting used to his new body caused him a lot of pain and stress, even when Chappie was always there for him; sometimes he was at his breaking point. He got better, but he still felt uncomfortable in his body, at least he hadn't phantom pains anymore and he understood he needed to sleep. Chappie was also glad they brought Mommy back, not only because Chappie could see her again, but she was helping Deon a lot. Chappie was trying to comfort his Maker as well as he could, but Yolandi was still much better at this. She wasn't as dear to Deon as Chappie was, but she knew how to take care of someone who needed comfort. Chappie was always sitting close, watching her and remembering everything she was doing. In fact, Deon and Yolandi were getting along just fine. She wasn't aggressive to him as Ninja and she was even taming the older man, when he was once again having one of his tantrums and starting to yell at Deon. Usually they were just sitting and talking to each other, with Chappie sitting and leaning on their side, enjoying the calm and still atmosphere. He didn't like screaming and loud sounds, just like Deon, so he was always glad when he could enjoy some silence, or listening to calm voices that he knew so well. Sometimes they felt like he is like a dog, which is just lying next to his master and enjoying the company. Sometimes he also brought a book and read, while listening. Ninja was very rarely attending these moments, because he didn't think it was his cup of tea. He rather went outside. Moments like these became even better one day, because Chappie found in front of the door a box. He took it in, and when he opened it, he couldn't believe his eyes, it was full of books. They were suspicious where it came from, but when Chappie found a paper with a letter from Michelle and read it, his ears got up in joy and he started to look through box, curious what he will find. There were storybooks, encyclopedias, photo books, art books, and even big atlas of the world. The atlas became Chappie's favorite book, because he liked to look at maps and get to know about people, animals and nature of certain places. They spent many hours sitting with atlas and talking about different places of the world. When they talked about England, Deon told Chappie about times when he studied there at Oxford and how London looks like. They also enjoyed listening to stories about what happened to Deon, while living there, mainly how many times he missed the bus to university and had to run through the whole town. He promised they would one day visit London. Now when it was just a question of the time, with Michelle on their side, Deon wanted to visit England again, and see his family. He just needed to be patient. When they looked at Australia at one point, Deon fell silent. Chappie was confused by this, but he understood very quickly when Deon mentioned Vincent's name. Vincent… Deon wondered where he was now. Michelle told them he will live, but it will take time to recover. Deon didn't really felt regret for him, he deserved what Chappie did to him. He was just curious how he is now, they worked in the same company for few years and Deon asked himself few times if all of this could be avoided. Was there a way to make up Vincent's mind? Could he do something? He didn't really mind Vincent, he only disliked moments when he was picking up on him, calling him kid and pulling gun right into his face. Still, Deon felt sorry, how it all turned out he never thought Vincent would do such a thing. He was sure they would meet again one day and he didn't know how to prepare himself for that, because he still felt an urge to punch him in the face. Then he looked at Chappie, his ears were down and he looked… sad. He returned the look and Deon just sighed and pulled him close with one arm. Making him sure it would be OK. He wished those things never happened, but he couldn't' do anything about it. Hating someone wasn't the way to live, Chappie forgave Vincent, but he still had to deal with bad memories that were caused by this man. Time will help. When Chappie didn't have anything else to do, he dedicated his time to development of upgrades. The first thing he wanted to achieve was a simulation of advanced touch. He started to build sensors, which will be installed into hands, but as he was able only to sense the pressure, not to distract various surfaces and temperatures, he needed help. Yolandi and Deon were always ready to help him. Deon couldn't even say how proud he is of his child, and how thankful he is. Chappie was trying to make him more human again. Deon hoped Chappie isn't doing it just because he feels guilty. One day when they were trying again to make sensors work, Deon had to ask. \"Chappie…\" \"Ja?\" His creation answered him, eyes still fixed on Deon's hand and sensors. Deon was watching him and he wanted to chuckle, Chappie was just like him when he was working on something. He was noticing his surroundings, but his sight never left the work he was working on. \"You are not trying so hard, just because you feel guilty, right?\" Chappie stopped working and he looked right at Deon, giving him his full attention. His ears got down and he was thinking for a while. \"No… Well… I feel guilty, you are like this because of me, but I'm also curious, I want to know how it feels to touch things. I just regret I will never be able to touch you as a human…\" He returned back to work and Deon was looking at him, with no words to say. Those last words stabbed him right in the heart, because he felt the same way. Then he flinched, when he felt… pain. \"Maker! You OK?\" Chappie grabbed him with both hands and Deon looked at him, and then back on his hands. \"I felt… pain.\" Chappie looked at him confused, but he slowly started to understand. Deon reached with his hands to his face and started to slowly rub it. He could feel it… He felt metal, but at the same time warmth. \"Can you feel it?\" Chappie asked and his ears got up in joy when Deon nodded. \"Yeah…. I can.\" He felt like he would cry, he felt touch again. Chappie took his hand and he put it on his chest, right where the battery was. God, it was so warm. He didn't remember Chappie being so warm to touch, but it was so pleasant. He was slowly rubbing Chappie's chest and then he took his hand. It was also warm. He wanted to cry. This was beautiful, he felt like human again in this short moment. Chappie did it. He returned him ability to touch, to feel. He couldn't believe this, but it was true. \"I told you I will make you better, Maker.\" He looked at his child and he pulled him close in tight hug. \"Thank you Chappie. Thank you…\" Chappie returned the hug, happy. He was sure he will make sensors even better, this was only the beginning, but he did it. And Deon's happiness was the best reward he could get. Since he was able to figure out how to feel all touch, he made few more changes to sensors to make them better and then installed them into everyone's hands. He was sure he will be working on better version in time, but for now, he just wanted to experiment a little. The first thing that he touched was Deon's hand. It was smooth and Chappie was fascinated by feeling of warmth. From what he heard about robots, they are supposed to be cold to touch, but Deon, himself and Yolandi were warm. He wondered if that was because of consciousness. He was rubbing Deon's hand curiously and then reached to Deon's chest. That was the warmest place on their bodies. Chappie was rubbing it and he just couldn't get over it, how pleasant warmth was. When he reached back, he rubbed both his hands together and Deon could see clear joy in his whole presence. For him, getting back ability to touch was like reviving old instinct. For Chappie, it was something entirely new he could discover and enjoy. He was like a little child again and Deon couldn't blame him. He then gave Chappie other different things to touch. He gave him book, so he could feel the surface of paper and know how it feels like to turn pages. He found a quick enjoyment in quick browsing of the book and then feeling a mild breeze that came with it. Deon was sure Chappie will now go and try to touch anything he will find and he won't stay just in the house. Chappie tried everything that came in his way, but he had to admit, nothing was better than his own warmth, or warmth of others. The closest thing was blanket or Tek, because the rat's fur was so similar to fabric. Leaves were very smooth and nice and touch but on the other hand they were cold. The rocks were interesting, because every one of them was different to touch. They all had different surfaces, some were smooth, some were rough, and some had holes in them. He didn't really like mud, it was sticky and you couldn't really hold it. It was slipping right through the fingers. He was really fascinated by water. Getting his hands wet and then letting them get dry again was amazing feeling. The water could be both, cold or warm and really liked to put his hand in warm water and stay like this until the water was cold. Still, he regretted so much he will never be able to touch Mommy and Deon when they were humans. He never thought about it before, but now it made him feel sad. He knew humans were for sure very nice to touch; they were for sure very soft and warm. He didn't want to ask Ninja if he could touch him, the man wasn't very polite when it came to physical contact. Yes, he was glad he managed to figure out how to simulate touch, but at the same time he felt sad, when he realized he will be never able to touch those he loves the most when they were still humans. He didn't like this; he was supposed to be happy. Instead he felt bad, because he just realized a thing that he will never be able to fix. That frustrated him. Why was life like this? He came to Deon, who was sleeping right now. He sat in front of couch and leaned close to his Maker. \"I'm sorry…\" He whispered, with regret in his voice. His ears perked up, when Deon wrapped an arm around him, pulling him close and whispering. \"..s okay.\" Chappie curled to his Maker. No matter what he will do, Deon and Yolandi will never be humans again. He could only try to get them as close to being human as possible. He didn't know whether that would be ever enough for him… Someday it had to come; someday he had to be caught. Kid on the street finally saw him. One day, when he was once again sitting in the tree and reading, he noticed there was a cat right in front of him. He heard cats have habit to climb up trees, but he never thought this will happen right in front of him. When he lowered the book, he saw cat, just sitting there and meowing at him. His ears got up rapidly and he almost dropped the book. He was lucky that he managed to catch it and then he pulled it to his chest. He never dropped a book, and he never will. He looked at animal again. He never saw a cat so close to him. He carefully reached out to it, and he wanted to smile, because cat didn't run away. He got even closer and then finally rubbed it on the head. The fur was so soft and actually different from rat fur, he was used to. Cat rubbed against his hand and made a weird sound that Chappie never heard before. He shoved closer so he could take a better look at feline and continued to rub it. The animal wasn't afraid of him, just like the dog back then. It was meowing and Chappie was totally enchanted by this little being. \"Wow.\" He turned his head to look down, and he saw the owner of unfamiliar voice. In process, he froze, because there was standing a child. It was a small boy, and his age could be around 10 years. He was staring at him and Chappie was trying to think what to do now. The boy saw him, there was no way he will get away and making him think it was just imagination or something. Deon will kill him for this. Also, the cat ran away. \"Hey.\" The boy waved at him, unsure. He was curious but at the same time he looked scared. Chappie knew very well why. Even though he wasn't working for police, didn't carry a gun and he had spray graffiti on his body, he still looked like a Scout. He was a Scout. His body was created to fight and he will never be able to do anything about it. He understood a small kid feared him. He saw the boy is still waiting what will happen and maybe he was even ready to run away. That would not be good… \"Hey.\" He answered as friendly as he could and waved at the boy. The child looked at him, very surprised. Chappie was sure this boy saw Scouts earlier, and since he sounded so different, it had to be a quite a shock. \"Don't worry, 'm not a police droid.\" \"Really? But you look like one.\" \"Ja. I was born like this.\" Now the child started to look very curious. \"You were born? You're a robot.\" Chappie understood this kid won't mean any danger. So he jumped down from the tree and then stood in his full impressive height. He was two metres tall, that would scared or at least impress any adult, so making a child flinch didn't surprise him. The boy didn't run away, but he was intimidated by him. Chappie remembered very well he had the same effect on Michelle, and she was adult. \"I know, but still, I was born. Don't worry, I don't want to hurt you.\" Boy seemingly calmed down, but he was still looking at Chappie suspiciously. So Scout kneeled in front of him to have their eyes on the same level. \"I'll tell you more, if you promise me you won't tell anyone, but we can't talk like this out here. Somebody else could see me, let's go up.\" He pointed back to the tree and boy after few second nodded. \"I promise.\" \"Good. I'll help you up.\" He took boy's hand and they carefully climbed up the tree, so they ended up sitting in the crown. Kid noticed the book that Chappie left sitting on the branch and he pointed it to it. \"Is that a book? You were reading here?\" \"Ja. I like reading, you too?\" \"Sometimes… I didn't know robots read books.\" Kid raised his eyebrow and Chappie's ears went down. \"I never thought I would see a robot read a book. Where did you even learn that?\" \"My Maker gave me a book, after the day I was born, since then I like reading.\" Boy looked at him curiously. \"Your Maker? You mean your dad?\" Chappie stopped moving when he heard that. His dad… Yes, he called Ninja as his Daddy, but to be honest, the more and more Chappie learned about humans and concept of family, Chappie started to hesitate. Ninja started to feel more like a rude uncle who was going around and telling him what to do. Father, dad, was described as the one who gave life to child, or when he adopts the child. Deon gave him life, but Ninja was the one teaching him things first few days. Still, the father should take care of his child, love him, protect him, and be patient and forgiving. Ninja was nothing of that. Chappie wasn't mad at him for it; he just understood that he will never see those things from him. He even forgave him that Ninja wanted to only use him to get money and let him die. He also forgave him that he practically left him out, to be beaten and burned without any regret, but holding grudge was useless. On the other side was Deon, who was always trying his best for Chappie, and he still didn't feel like it was enough. He never hurt him, never yelled at him in anger and never blamed him. Yes, they yelled at each other few times, but over time Chappie understood Deon wanted the best for him. Yes, his Maker had flaws, but he never left him outside all alone and didn't want to use him only as a tool to get free money. When he was remembering on first week of his life, he regretted he didn't understand his Maker's intentions back then. Chappie chose Ninja over Deon back then and decided to trust him. Deon was helping as much as he could, but he wasn't able to find a way to save him and Chappie hated him back then for it. He regrets till this day yelling at Deon. These days it was all different. Ninja was keeping his distance; he didn't warm up to Chappie. He was found of him, because he managed to bring Yolandi back and he had some respect for him, but that was it. Chappie didn't do anything to improve their relationship, he was just waiting. He wasn't rude to Ninja, he didn't blame him for past mistakes, but he was not the one that will do the first step to make their relationship better. He knew very well Ninja is afraid of him, and to be honest, he was glad. Because it meant Ninja won't try to do anything stupid. The man knew that if Chappie wanted, he would be able to break his neck in seconds; he was attacked by him back then after all, when Chappie finally found out the truth. No, Chappie didn't want to hurt Ninja, he didn't see reason for that, but a silent respect made him sure that past won't repeat. Chappie would stand out for Ninja, he would protect him, he was part of family after all, and as people say, you can't choose a family. Still, he was sure he will never let himself be manipulated again, by anyone, and Ninja will for sure remember that. Because of all of this, Chappie had hard times to think of Ninja as his father. Sometimes they had a little friendly talk, but it was never the same as with Deon… With Deon he felt safe, he felt loved and wanted. Deon never told him to go away; he always waited when Chappie will return so he can welcome him back with open arms. He could tell his Maker anything, and didn't need to be afraid that he will be laughed at or even yelled at. Now when no one was keeping him away from Chappie, Deon spent with him as much time as they both wanted. They didn't have to rush, be afraid or stressed. They could just sit and talk, or trying to figure out something new. It was similar to those moments he spends with Mommy, but different at the same time. With Yolandi, it was mostly calm and soothing. With Deon, it was fun and more active. Chappie liked both, but he also liked to just lie down next to his Maker and watch him sleep, knowing he is safe or read books together. Deon loved him so much, he would go anywhere for him, and he would never complain. When Chappie browsed the Internet, he got to know many human stories. And he remembered very well those about children that were born, but no one took care about them. No one wanted them, even their own parents. Chappie understood that good parent was not the one who only gave child the life, but the one who took care. That was Deon, not Ninja. Deon not only gave him life, but he was willingly taking care of him, loving him. Deon was his father… his dad. When he finally returned into reality, he nodded. \"Ja. My dad.\" He didn't know how long he was thinking, thoughts were running faster, than it looked like. He was sure he was thinking for a minute at most His mind worked much faster than human one, but still this made him think. \"So he's the one who made you.\" Kid smiled at him and Chappie nodded. \"He's a very nice person. You know, I never talked to a child before, you are the first one.\" \"Wow, how old are you?\" Chappie looked at boy and he gave out a little hiss that was his chuckle. \"Few weeks.\" Boy looked him, stunned. \"So you are still a child?!\" Well, he didn't feel like a child anymore, but technically he was, he guessed. \"Well, I think I am.\" \"That's cool. Hey, would you like to play with me? I have a ball at home, we could play soccer. Well, you know what soccer is, right?\" Chappie tried to search his memory. He knew that word, he knew something about the game, but he never played it. \"I never played it.\" \"That's OK. I'll teach you, but I need to go now, or my mom will go crazy.\" Chappie chuckled; he knew that feeling very well. Yolandi was also worried when she didn't know what was he doing, or where he was. \"Oh, I forgot.\" Boy offered his hand. \"I'm Andile.\" Chappie looked at the hand and then very gently took it, wiping his nose. \"Chappie.\" They shook hands and it was a very good feeling. Looks like he made a new friend, something he wanted to do for so long. He will keep it as secret for now; Deon would have a panic attack, if he knew about this, so it will be better to keep it as secret. He will tell, when he thinks its right time. He helped Andile down from the tree and they said goodbye to each other. Chappie was sure they will see each other soon again. For some reason, he trusted that kid. Something was telling him he doesn't have to be afraid. So this is how it feels like to make a new friend, and it was amazing. Chappie heard whimpers. It was late night and he was lying next to Deon. He got used to this. Yes, he could do things in night, since he did not get tired, he didn't have to sleep or rest, but he liked peace. In night, he could lie down and enjoy silence, and he didn't have to listen to anyone. He could just lie down, think and relax. It was also helpful, because of Deon. His Maker was still suffering from nightmares time by time. So Chappie was staying by his side during the night. Deon was telling him he doesn't have to do this and that he can manage by himself, but Chappie was doing it anyway. He loved his Maker, he would do anything for him. Deon was very stubborn, when someone wanted to help him, he was saying he is ok and doesn't need any help. To his bad luck, Chappie learned very quickly to see through this and he refused to leave Deon alone. He sat up slowly, to make as least noise as he could. Slowly, he leaned to Deon and rubbed him on the side, because of whimpers, Chappie could tell he was having a nightmare again. He wished he could help, somehow, but dream world was a place he doesn't' have an access to. He couldn't do anything; Deon had to overcome this by himself. Only possible solution was to wake him up and not let him suffer any longer. He grabbed Deon and turned him around, so he could pull him close and start to wake him up. Deon immediately by instinct grabbed Chappie's hand and pulled it close. \"Deon, wake up. It's OK, just a bad dream, wake up.\" He started to shake with Deon, gently, but strong enough to wake him up. He continued in shaking, until his Maker finally got back into reality and looked at his child. \"Chappie…\" He sighed in relief and leaned on his creation's chest. He was safe, the dream was gone. \"You had a bad dream again?\" Deon just nodded. \"Yeah… nothing really new, same old stuff. Screams, loud sounds, blood… at least I didn't' see you there this time. And I didn't see me dying again…\" Deon sighed and let himself to enjoy Chappie's presence. It was much easier to deal with bad dreams when he knew his child is close to him, but at the same time he felt ashamed. He was supposed to protect Chappie; instead Chappie was helping and protecting him all the time. What kind of parent was he, if he couldn't take care of own child, and needed to be helped all the time. It didn't matter his new body was much stronger and sturdier than his human one, he felt weaker. He didn't dare to use his full strength, ever, and he still didn't get used. Chappie had to practically hold him by his hand since he became robot. He had to do something about this, he had to be stronger, what if Chappie needs him one day, and he will not be able to help him? Just like in those dreams. He had to get over this, his own fear. Screw fear of immortality and his bad memories, he will get through this. He had to be there for his child. Yolandi was watching Deon, who was going from one side of room to another. He was walking, or just standing, when he was thinking, and it was making her rather nervous. He was doing this for a whole hour now. Good thing Ninja was somewhere outside, so she didn't have to listen their arguing. Still, she would be very glad if he could just sit down and relax for once. She already knew him too well, so she knew that just won't happen. \"Could you just sit down and be calm for once?\" Deon's ears went up, when he registered her voice and looked at her. \"I am calm, I'm just thinking.\" \"You're walking like this for whole hour. What are you even thinking about?\" She asked him with a sincere worry in her voice. If Deon was doing this, it meant he was worried. He wasn't thinking about regular stuff, something was bothering him. Deon looked at her again and for this time he stopped. His ears went down and he sighed. She clapped on the couch, and that was gesture for him to sit down. In the end he gave up and sat next to her. \"What are you so worried about? Chappie?\" Deon looked at her, and to her surprise, he shook his head. \"He can take care of himself. He grew up so fast.\" There was joy in his voice, but also a little sorrow. He wished Chappie would still be a child, so he could have a better childhood. \"Yeah, it feels like yesterday when he was born. Remember when he was just learning how to talk, or when you gave him that chicken?\" \"Or when I gave him the book?\" They started to laugh, it all felt so distant, but at the same time, it felt so close. Then Deon sighed. \"I'm not really worried about him; he's not a child anymore. I'm worried I may not be able to help him, when he needs me. I tried to protect him since he was born, but I feel like I failed at every possible level. He is the one protecting me. I can't even deal with my own nightmares without him. I don't want to lose him, and I'm afraid it will happen one day, when he will be helping me, but I won't be able to help him.\" \"Why do you think so?\" \"Because I can't even take care of myself… and this body makes it only worse. I felt more capable of protecting him as a human. Isn't that funny?\" He wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. This was hilarious to think of, but at the same time awful. \"No. It's not.\" Yolandi didn't share his ironical sense of humor. She knew it hurts him and this was only a way to try to hide the pain. \"You'll get over it by time. Just be patient. I know it was easier for me to get used on new body, because you two prepared it for me, so I don't really have a right to talk like this, but it will be OK. Trust me.\" \"...you think?\" \"Ja.\" She patted him on the head gently, just like when she was comforting Chappie. Deon was grateful to her, for being so caring. She didn't really have a reason to care about him, but she did, and Deon could tell that she was not doing it just because of Chappie. She was sincerely worried about him, as a person. Maybe he should trust her, still… He looked up to window and Yolandi looked confused. \"What is it?\" \"I don't know, but for some reason I have a weird feeling. Like something is coming.\" He didn't know what it was, but he trusted his instincts. Something was about to change, but what? Michelle took a deep breath. All of this should be worth it, and if not, she will be very angry. Getting TetraVaal at least into its previous state will still take some time, but there was progress. It cost her many sleepless nights and days full of work, but she knew it would be worth it. Still, now she had to deal with one more thing. She gathered up few lawyers on this, because there was no way she would be able to deal with this all by herself. South African laws weren't her cup of tea, and this was very complicated task. Vincent had a lot to explain, and his criminal records filed more than one folder. It was almost admirable how much you can screw up during one day. She could leave Vincent in police's hands, and don't bother with him, but she just couldn't do that. Even after all he has done, she still thought of him as her friend. She also needed to have a long talk with him. So she prepared her already tired nerves, and decided to pay him a little visit. Doctors told her he is already in state when she could have a talk with him. She didn't bring him any sweets or flowers. She was bringing her bad mood instead. Oh no, mister, you are in deep trouble now, and you will need to face it. She finally got to his room and took a deep breath. She never liked hospitals and she was sure this little episode wouldn't make it any better for her. She pulled the handle and entered the room. It was late afternoon and sun was going down. There was a big window, so the room was fully filled with light. She turned and there he was. When she saw him for the last time, he was still sleeping and she knew very well he didn't notice her presence. She had the same regretful feeling just as last time. Why did this have to happen? Vincent noticed the sound of opening door and he immediately looked away from magazine and looked who came to visit him. When he recognized his boss, he put magazine on the table and his look stayed fixed on her. He was curious, when she will visit him, but she didn't look pleased. Oh no, he knew this look. That won't be good. She sat on the chair next to the bed, without saying a word and then finally looked at him, sighing. \"Hello, Vincent.\" She greeted him with a calm voice, but her feelings were boiling inside her, and her sight was locked on his face. \"Hello, madam.\" He greeted her humbly and waited. \"You look better since the last time I saw you.\" \"You were here?\" She nodded. \"Yes, why shouldn't I? You are my employee. I think I should be concerned about you… And Deon.\" Now he flinched and Michelle actually enjoyed that. He knew what was coming. \"You know, Deon. Your co-worker, who you tried to kill.\" Vincent wanted to say something but she shut him, by pointing up her finger. \"Don't try Vincent, I know everything, I saw everything. You are in deep trouble. So, you should think very well, what you will tell me right now.\" Vincent stayed silent for a few moments. This wasn't what he expected. He thought that she may be angry with him, but he didn't think she will blame him for everything that happened. The mention of Deon made him the most uncomfortable. She knew he was trying to kill him, that alone was enough to throw him right into the jail, and if she knew more… \"Vincent, why did you do it? I told you we would represent Moose to the army, I told you I would do my best to help you succeed. So why? Was it really that important?\" Michelle tried to hide the disappointment in her voice, but it was useless. In fact, there was no reason to hide it. She looked at man who she knew for few years now, and who let her down so much. Right now she wasn't asking him as his chef, but as a human, a friend. She hoped she would get a genuine answer. \"I… I just wanted to help. I wanted to help clean this city, from crime, from all those bastards.\" Michelle noticed when he grabbed blanket and squeezed it with both hands.\" I thought that the more brutal force we use, the more effective it will be. Scouts are not enough, they will never be.\" \"And that's your reason to shut them down, and get so many innocent people killed?! Innocent, Vincent, innocent people died that night! Do you understand that?!\" Michelle's voice broke; she couldn't keep a calm tone anymore. She was mad, and it was good thing that he will know. \"I thought you soldiers try to protect innocent people…\" \"I tried!\" \"BY LETTING PEOPLE GET KILLED?! THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE EVEN IN THE ARMY, VINCENT! MAYBE, SCOUTS WEREN'T PERFERCT, BUT THE FACT IS, THEY WERE PROTECTING PEOPLE, AND YOU GOT RID OF THEM!\" Vincent actually flinched when Michelle started to yell at him. He saw her angry many times, but never like this. \"You let people get killed and you almost got the whole TetraVaal down! Are you proud of yourself? Do you think that showing off Moose was worth all of this? How could you be so selfish, Vincent? I trusted you!\" \"B-b-but Deon also disobeyed you, when he created that godless monster!\" Vincent tried to fight back, but he understood very quickly this wasn't the smart move to do. \"Deon didn't almost destroy the whole city and company. Yes, Chappie made crimes, but he did it, because he thought it would save his life. Deon only wanted to create a life and teach it. You, on the other hand, endangered whole city, because you wanted to show how fancy Moose is! Chappie never wanted to hurt anyone!\" Michelle rubbed her face and sighed, \"There was no reason for this, Vincent, why couldn't you be more patient?\" \"I was patient for years, how long should I wait, before my own robot gets a chance to shine and crash criminals?!\" \"We're not army, Vincent, we are not crashing anyone. You would have got your chance with army, not police, since the policemen didn't clearly understand why they would need a walking tank. Still, did you lose your mind? I know you were jealous of Deon, but this came too far! How am I supposed to trust you now?!\" Vincent didn't have an answer for that. He just kept staring at her and his face got guiltier by every second. She was right. He disobeyed, he betrayed her trust, and she had no reason to trust him ever again. He had his chance, and he screwed it. What will happen now? \"Still… I know you are very intelligent and skillful; it would be shame to not have you in my company. I would like to give you a second chance, on lower position, obeying every order, but… Can I trust you? And do you even want to come back?\" Vincent looked at her, surprised. \"You would… let me go back?\" Michelle nodded. \"Under few terms. And trust me, if you would break even one, there is no problem for me to give you right to the police.\" \"What terms?\" Vincent's voice was suspicious, and Michelle didn't blame him, he couldn't really know what she prepared for him. \"You will work in team under someone very talented.\" Michelle managed to smile at him, but it was impish smile, she knew something that he didn't and it made her very happy. \"Do I know them?\" Now she wanted to laugh, but she managed to keep a neutral face. \"Yes, you know them, and I believe you would make an amazing team. I'll let you think about it, and tomorrow, you will tell me, how you decided.\" She got up and headed to the door; she opened it, but didn't enter. She turned to him for the last time. \"Vince, I hope we would be able to learn from this and make this company better than before. I would be really glad to have you back in TetraVaal, please, think about it. As employee… and old friend.\" Finally she left the room. Vincent was looking down and then he turned to look at window. What should he do? ","Summary":" Since they met with Michelle, they stayed in contact with her. They weren't posting friendly messag"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"I'll meet you there","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11713841","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Name of this episode is based on the song by Owl City - I'll meet you there. Rmemeber guys, to read all stories go on my profile, I'll be also very glad if you leave a review :) - Sun was slowly rising up on the horizon. This morning was calm and peaceful; there wasn't even a single cloud on the sky. Johannesburg was slowly waking up into a new day. Chappie didn't wake up, since he wasn't sleeping, but he was sitting in front of back door that led to garden and he was watching the sun rising up slowly. He really liked to watch nature and its wonders. This was such a beautiful sunrise, so maybe the whole day will be nice. When sun finally rose on blue sky, Chappie came upstairs. First he checked the bunny; she was still sleeping, curled in like a ball and seemed very content. He then headed to bedroom and found Deon, still sleeping and snuggled into blanket. Chappie liked to see him like this. After all they've been through, it was really rewarding for him to see he managed to make his family feel safe. He laid down on the bed next to Deon and watched his Maker in his sleep. He should wake him up soon, because Chappie noticed that Deon likes to sleep for a very long time, when he is allowed to. He gave his Maker few more minutes and then started to wake him up. \"Come on, time to wake up. It's a new day.\" He expected this will be enough, but to his disappointment, it wasn't. He nudged his Maker few times. \"Deoooon.\" After few more stubborn attempts, Deon finally started to wake up. He rubbed his face and then looked at Chappie. \"You're like a small child that can't wait to go to school…\" \"Good morning, dad.\" Chappie gave him a hug and Deon yawned. \"It's a new day.\" His child gave him a joyful look and Deon just nodded. Still, he would like to stay in bed for longer time. To be honest, he really didn't want to go anywhere, or do anything. It wasn't just because he left dream world just a minute ago, he felt exhausted. Chappie was carefully watching him, clearly noticing something isn't right. \"Maker? You OK?\" Deon nodded. He didn't really have a reason to make Chappie worried, it will get better, he just needs to get up and make himself busy. Still… Before he could do something, Chappie grabbed him and laid him down on bed. Maybe he should finally get used on that; Chappie couldn't be reasoned with, when he was worried about someone dear to him. \"Stay here.\" Deon watched him leave the room and then return with a computer. He sat down on bed and started up the notebook. \"Chappie…?\" \"Stay calm. I'll just take a look at you.\" Deon just sighed and did as his child told him. He was still getting nervous, every time Chappie connected him to computer. It just didn't feel comfortable, knowing that you are connected to another machine that is connected to your own mind. He was so glad it was always Chappie, who was looking over him in these moments. Deon was sure he would not let anyone else to browse in his own brain. Chappie didn't have this problem. It was natural for him to be connected to other machines. For Deon, it was nerve wrecking. Once again he found himself grabbing the blanket tight, trying to calm himself down. He was lucky that it only took one stroke from his son to make him calm again. These were the moments when he cherished presence of his child the most. Chappie was typing on keyboard and Deon was watching him. He trusted Chappie and he knew his creation was very precise when he was doing something. Still, he felt nervous and uneasy, so looking at his child was making his state of mind better. Chappie finally stopped typing on keyboard and then turned to Deon. \"How could I forget about this? I forgot to give you the update we gave to Mommy, when we were preparing her body. That's why you feel so bad…\" Deon's ears rose. \"What do you mean?\" \"You are overwhelmed with data, information, your mind needs a lot of energy to process everything, that's why you feel like this. I need to fix this, right now.\" He started to type again and Deon didn't even try to protest. He knew very well Chappie wouldn't change his mind. This was part of his personality. Every time there was a problem, he decided to face it and solve it right away. Wasting time wasn't one of his traits. Deon just wondered how long it would take, before he will be able to fix this. Maybe he could take a rest now; it will for sure take some time… \"Done.\" Chappie pressed the last button on keyboard and Deon looked at him, surprised. \"Already?\" \"Ja. I uploaded it to your brain. You will feel better, I promise, but I guess it will be better for you to stay in bed for today.\" Deon sat up when he heard that. \"For the whole day?!\" \"You are tired, you need is a rest, so your body can process all data. I actually feel guilty now. I forgot to make you an upgrade that we got Mommy. I'm sorry…\" Deon looked at his child and even when he was feeling weak and sick, he pulled Chappie to him. \"It's OK, Chappie… Don't apologize. A lot of things happened these days. I understand you forgot.\" He felt Chappie shiver, clearly from feeling guilty. His child was thinking for a while, before he let go and put Deon gently down on bed. His Maker chuckled and Chappie took a blanket and covered him, just like parent would cover the loved child. His creation clearly developed a need to protect and help those who are weak and need help. He was also making himself sure that Deon is perfectly covered and then kneeled in front of him. \"Thank you.\" Deon thanked him, and Chappie leaned closer to his Maker, so their heads touched. \"Have a good sleep.\" He watched as Deon comfortably leaned into pillow and Chappie slowly left the room. Door was closed and young Scout put hands on his hips. Yeah, he will not let anything to disturb Deon; he will have a good sleep, that was his mission for now. Right, but first he should call Michelle and tell her they won't show up today. \"What do you mean he is sick? How can robots even get sick?\" Michelle was sitting in her office behind a big pile of papers on her desk. That sight always ruined her mood, but right now she was rather more interested in Chappie's answer. \"We can't get sick like you humans do, but our systems can get overwhelmed. This is my fault; I forgot to keep an eye on his state. I already gave him update, so he should be okay tomorrow, but it will be better for him to stay home for today. And I won't leave him alone.\" Michelle took a deep breath. That boy was getting pretty bold when he was demanding something. She actually understood this. Deon was one of few people that were dear to him and he proved to be very overprotective person. There was no intention to argue with him. He would won, he always does. It wasn't really that big problem; they could wait for one more day. \"Okay, I guess you know what you are doing. You both stay home for today. And Chappie, take care of him.\" \"Ja.\" Chappie ended the call, put the phone on table and then he slowly leaned on couch. What should he do for the whole day? Oh, right, he should feed Chelsea. He came upstairs and took her from her cage. The bunny was already awake and active and it took few attempts before he managed to pick her up. They came to kitchen; Chappie put her on table and prepared her a full dish of vegetables. \"Here you go.\" Chappie leaned on table and watched as bunny started to chomp a freshly offered food. He could watch this all day; animals were just fascinating, just like humans. Suddenly he heard knocking on door. He let bunny sit and eat on the table, to see who was there. Chappie very carefully looked who knocked; there wasn't any need to let anyone foreign see him. He actually felt relief, when he saw Vincent and opened the door. \"Hey.\" \"Hi.\" Chappie looked at the Australian, surprised. This wasn't expected of Vincent to just come by his own will. Chappie then remembered on yesterday, but didn't mention it; there was no need for that. \"Can I come in?\" \"Ja, ja, sure.\" He let Vincent in and then closed the door. Vincent was clearly looking around and listening, when he couldn't hear anything, he turned to the young Scout. \"Where's Deon? It's too quiet here.\" \"Sleeping. He isn't feeling good, it'll be fine tomorrow.\" Vincent raised an eyebrow. \"Not feeling good?\" \"Ja. Want me to explain?\" Vincent shook his head. \"I trust you. Now, I brought you something, but to be exact, I brought something for the bunny.\" Chappie clearly didn't mind it wasn't for him, he looked excited, so they went to kitchen and Vincent started to take out things from the bag. Chappie knew these things from books and Internet, but he never really had a chance to see them with his own eyes. He knew fruit was a regular thing to humans, but for him it was totally new experience. \"Animals are like humans, they like sweet things, but they can't eat chocolate or candy, so, they got some sweet fruit.\" \"Cool.\" Chappie took a mango in his hand. \"But remember; give her always little pieces and just a few of them. Too much sugar wouldn't be good for her. Now, where is she?\" \"She is right... there.\" Chappie was looking at table, where he left her. There was still some vegetable lying on the dish, but the bunny herself was nowhere to be found. \"Oh no, no, no. Where is she?! I left her alone and she ran away!\" \"Don't you know that you must never leave bunny alone? Mainly in…\" Chappie looked at older man. \"...in the house that is full of wires and computers.\" After a while of starring at each other, Chappie groaned and buried face into his hands. \"First I let Deon to get sick, and now I let bunny run around the house and maybe get killed by chewing on wires. I'm the worst son ever…\" His ears lowered and Vincent watched him with shocked face. How was he supposed to deal with something like this? He knew God likes to test him, but it would be nice if he could have a break for a while. \"Look, we will find her, I'm sure she's fine.\" He raised Chappie's chin with one hand. \"It's just few minutes, she can't be far away.\" \"Ja.\" They started to look for bunny, meaning they were looking at every spot of the house. Vincent was right, she couldn't be far away, but the fact she was so small wasn't making it easier. She could be almost anywhere. Chappie checked every place with cables and was relieved he didn't find anything bad. Yes, they had to make as least noise as possible, they had to remember that, but at some points it wasn't easy. \"Got something?\" Chappie shook his head. \"Nah.\" \"I'll look upstairs, you try garden, even when it's impossible for her to get out when door is closed.\" Chappie nodded and headed to outside, Vincent took stairs. Where could that bunny be? He looked into every room; this was actually starting to make him nervous. Even when it was a small animal, it just couldn't disappear. Good thing Deon was sleeping, he would be freaking out right now. When he looked into the bedroom, he almost felt an urge to do something to Deon. Then he remembered he is an adult, and drawing faces on someone when he sleeps is just for kids. What a shame. He would be glad if he would at least find a bunny here, but that didn't happen, so the quest for the lost bunny would continue. Still, before he left, he kneeled next to bed to look at Deon. He was sleeping like any other human would and Vincent didn't have any intentions to wake him up. Even when it took some time to admit it, he was glad for Deon's presence yesterday, so it was right to let him rest for now. Hopefully they will find the bunny before his awakening, if not, they will have a problem. \"Sleep, I'll take care for today.\" Vincent whispered and then silently left the room. Now, where could that furball be? Suddenly, without any warning a ring sounded. Chappie also heard it, even when he was outside and ran back into house and to door. But he didn't notice Chelsea, who meanwhile managed to get outside, because Chappie forgot to close door. He rushed to main entrance and opened to see Yolandi. He pulled her in quickly and closed the door. Chappie remembered gesture that she taught him, when he wants someone to be quiet. He put finger to his face and whispered. \"Please, be quiet, Deon is sleeping.\" Yolandi understood quickly and nodded. \"Okay.\" Vincent also came down and went to them. He greeted Yolandi with a simple wave of hand and she did the same. She didn't expect him to be here, but didn't really mind. Vincent was supposed to be part of their group in future, they had to get along. The man then turned to Chappie. \"Any clues where she can be?\" Chappie shook head and Yolandi's ears rose in confusion. \"What are you looking for?\" \"Chelsea. I let the cage open and she ran away… I know I'm awful son.\" \"Stop that.\" Vincent visibly didn't intend to support Chappie in blaming himself. Yolandi patted Chappie on head. \"That's not true. Let's find her.\" Vincent folded arms on his chest. \"I didn't see her upstairs.\" Chappie's ears lowered when he heard that. He was really starting to get more and more scared. Yolandi went around him and noticed opened door to garden. She came out and her eyes landed on bunny that was happily chewing on grass. \"Here you are. Boys, we got her.\" Vincent and Chappie practically ran to garden, almost stumbling and falling down. Yolandi rolled her eyes and then kneeled down to bunny. \"Come girl, come.\" She reached to bunny and gently picked her up. \"Good, good girl.\" \"Phew.\" Chappie and Vincent also kneeled down, next to Yolandi and Chappie patted bunny. \"Don't ever do this again. Ever.\" \"So, looks like a problem is solved.\" Vincent actually sounded content. Right, now they could do something else then run around the house in panic and look for pet. Yolandi rubbed Chelsea on head with a happy smile and stood up and returned into house. \"Let's go inside.\" \"Ja.\" Chappie also stood up, but then stopped when he noticed there is something sitting in the grass. For a second he thought it's a rock, but when he was looking at it, it was more and more clear that's not a rock. It had flash, it looked like its breathing. What on the Earth was that? He kneeled down in front of it and touched it with a finger. He poked it few times and nothing happened. Vincent noticed this and came beside Chappie. \"What's that?\" \"Don't know, but I'm sure it wasn't here before.\" He poked the thing few more times and they both flinched when there was a sudden movement and sound of croaking. The thing moved and raised its big head. There was another croaking and Scout with human leaned closer again. \"A frog?\" \"I have seen some frogs in my life, but none was such big and ugly.\" It seemed like the frog understood, because it gave out another croaking and this time it sounded angry. \"How did it got here?\" \"First I want to know what it is.\" Vincent was about to stand up, clearly willing to get some information in the Internet, but Chappie stopped him by grabbing his arm. \"Wait, I got it.\" Vincent didn't ask how it was possible. Chappie was a robot, with a brain that was one of the best computers in the world. Of course he could connect to Internet in a second and find any information he wanted. He sat back down and waited, but Chappie didn't take a long time to talk. \"It's called African Bullfrog, one of the biggest frogs of the whole world and the biggest one in Africa. Strange, it says it lives in dry savannas, rainforests and other places, but I can't see why it is in the city. Maybe it was someone's pet. Very aggressive. Oh my. Good thing we found Chelsea, it says it can even eat small rodents, it could eat her.\" Vincent looked at the frog and leaned close to it, poking it. \"You are one ugly motherfucker.\" In the next second, the frog revealed its sharp teeth and bit Vincent's hand. \"AHHHH! FUCK!\" Chappie immediately came to help, but the only way was to open frog's mouth. He didn't want to hurt the animal, as it was an innocent being. So he used his strength very carefully to open the mouth just enough to let Vincent get his hand out. The man started to look at his hand and Chappie kneeled next to him. \"It also bites when it's provoked.\" Vincent gave him an ironical look. \"You don't say…\" \"So, we have a big frog with teeth there?\" Chappie nodded and watched Yolandi as she was wrapping bandage around Vincent's hand. Of course he was protesting and saying he can handle it alone, but Yolandi was having none of that. To be honest, she had enough of men making their decisions and not listening to her, she knew how that ended up last time… \"Damn it, Vincent, stay still, but what should we do about frog?\" \"I guess we should take it get it out of city and release it into nature. Still, Deon has got even bigger mess here than I expected. Having such frog in the garden, now that's a mess.\" \"I put Chelsea in cage, so be sure she stay in there. I'll go check Deon.\" Chappie headed upstairs and Yolandi finished her work. \"Done.\" Vincent rubbed the hand and then looked at Yolandi. \"Thanks… I… guess we didn't really have a talk yet.\" \"Nah. We didn't.\" \"Beside Deon, you were the main to raise Chappie, right?\" Yolandi's eyes rose and she gave him a neutral look, but then she smiled. \"Ja. I taught him some things. He's a very clever boy.\" \"I noticed…\" This was awkward situation. They both felt uncomfortable. They were never before left alone in one room all alone. There was always someone else with them, so they didn't need to talk to each other. Vincent killed her. It was a very weird feeling to sit next to someone who you killed. He wondered if she can remember that moment, but there was no way he is going to ask. Yolandi also didn't how to feel like when she was sitting or talking to him. She was getting along with everyone here. She even exchanged few words with Michelle, but Vincent was totally different case. She remembered when all of this began, the day Chappie was born and how since then everything changed. She even got used on Deon out of all people; she actually liked him, when he wasn't too nerdy and stubborn. It was maybe also caused by the fact that they both spent a lot of time with Chappie. Still, she didn't know how to cope with Vincent, maybe it just needed time. She couldn't deal with the silence anymore. \"Wanna tea?\" Vincent clearly knew the reason why she asked, but the idea wasn't bad. \"Sure. Thanks.\" Yolandi left the couch and headed to kitchen, relieved they weren't sitting there all silent anymore. Meanwhile, Chappie was sitting on bed and watching Deon sleep peacefully. He was visibly having a good sleep and Chappie was infinitely thankful for that, it meant that update is working as he expected and without any problems. Thank God Deon was sleeping during this day. Just the imagination of what he would act like in today very interesting moments was not very good. While they were facing problems, Deon was enjoying the calm and undisturbed sleep. Chappie was happy for him, his Maker deserved such rest. Well, they still needed to deal with the frog, but Chappie already felt better, just by being here with Deon and being surrounded by silence. He looked up info on that frog again. He never saw such animal before; it was the first amphibian that he has ever seen, so he wanted to know more about it. The most interesting fact to him was that this frog was very determined to protect its young ones. It was willing to make the way through all possible obstacles, thus its offspring can get into a bigger pool of water and survive. This frog is more responsible parent than some humans, Chappie thought to himself. Then he looked at Deon and remembered everything his Maker did for him and would be willing to do anytime. No, Deon was the good father, and Chappie knew that, he just wished more people were like that. He laid down next to Deon, snuggled to his chest and an arm was instantly and lovingly wrapped around him. A little moment couldn't hurt… Vincent was slowly drinking tea and thinking what to do with that frog. They couldn't let it sit in the garden forever. What was it with them finding stray animals? First bunny, now a big frog, what will come next? Elephant? To be honest, he wouldn't be surprised at this point. God, he was tired, he wished he could just lie down for now and have a rest. Deon was one lucky bastard to sleep through all of this. Yolandi was in the kitchen, so at least they didn't have to keep that awkward silence. A yawn escaped him and he leaned comfortably on couch. Maybe he could take a little rest… All hopes were lost in eternity when a ring made a noise once again and Vincent turned head to door. Yolandi came into the room and Chappie sat up on the bed. His look landed on Deon, who was still sleeping and Chappie was thinking what to do, he didn't want to leave his Maker. Yes, that's what happens when you tell to yourself, a minute or two won't hurt. He opened door of the bedroom, so he could hear what was happening downstairs. Vincent knew he is the best choice to check who's behind the door. He was the only one who was looking human here. He grabbed the handle and opened the door. There was a foreign man, Vincent was sure he never saw him before. The man was holding a folder of papers, hat was sitting on his head and Vincent recognized he was here to deliver something. \"Good day, is Miss Bradley home? We need her to sign few papers, so we can give you all that stuff she ordered.\" Right, now it was clear to him. Michelle ordered all those things for Chappie, but why wasn't she here then? She had to know when those guys would show up. \"She's not home, but give me a sec, I'll give her a call.\" Vincent freed his phone from pocket and waited when Michelle would pick the call. It took some time, but in the end, she answered. \"Vincent, why are you calling me, I am in the middle of something important. We have police here, so I need to convince them again we are strong, healthy and totally not crazy company.\" Australian didn't honestly bother with these words. \"Did you order things for Chappie?\" There was a silence. \"Yeah, why? They are already there? They were supposed to come tomorrow!\" Vincent looked at man. \"Are you sure you are here on right time?\" \"Y-yes. I can show you. Look, it's right here in papers.\" There was no doubt about that, the date was correct. Vincent returned phone to his ear. \"They have it right; maybe you were the one who wrote the wrong date.\" Chappie with Yolandi were carefully listening. Chappie stayed upstairs, his sensitive robot ears made it no problem for him to hear every word even from such a distance. He even heard Michele swear into the phone. \"Me?! Wrong?! How do you even say that to me?! I'm your boss, Vincent, remember that!\" \"Right now I don't care if you are my boss. What am I supposed to do with all those papers?\" \"I don't know, sign it. Take the stuff and then send them to me. Or some other shit like that. I have to go.\" She hanged up and Vincent snorted in annoyance. \"You heard the lady. OK, so what do have we got here?\" There were many boxes. Everything was brought in by deliverymen and they all then observed the full room. Chappie thought this was quite ironical. When they moved here, they unpacked all Deon's things, now there were even more boxes that needed to unpack. \"What now?\" Vincent turned to Chappie. \"Let it be, for now. I don't want to unpack anything without Deon.\" \"Well… I guess family is supposed to do things together… Even when it's a very strange family.\" Vincent actually smiled, when Chappie nodded. \"What are we supposed to do together?\" They all turned back to see Deon who was standing behind them, ears up in curiosity and confusion. In the next second, Chappie ran to him and hugged him. \"Deon! Did you have a good sleep? You feelin' better?\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah, a lot. I think I actually feel better than ever before in this body.\" It was hard to not see the sincere joy and relief in Chappie's behavior. Deon patted him on the back of head and then looked at Vincent and Yolandi. His attention was also attracted by all those boxes lying around the whole room. \"What is going on here?\" \"Michelle made the order on the wrong day. She says she didn't, but I'm not having any of that shit.\" Australain frowned. \"So all of this are Chappie's things? Looks like we have another unpacking action ahead of us.\" \"Ja, and we have frog in the garden.\" Deon stopped all his mind processes in the second and his ears rose. \"What?\" \"Yeah, there is a frog. We already introduced ourselves.\" Vincent showed his bitten hand that was now wrapped in bandage. \"Looks like I'm not its type.\" Deon walked around everyone to the door and looked on garden. His sight landed on big green object that was sitting on the other side. \"Why is there a frog in my garden?\" Yolandi shrugged. \"Don't know, it's just there, it almost ate Chelsea and-\" \"WHAT!?\" Deon turned to her with curious look, visibly wanting to know what was going on here while he was sleeping. \"...pretend I didn't say anythin'.\" She turned and left the room, going to kitchen. They didn't follow her, but Deon turned to Vincent. \"Don't look at me like that, I didn't bring it here.\" \"Fine… I'll try to trust you… for once.\" Chappie chuckled, picking one of the boxes. \"The frog can wait for now, can we start unpacking, please?\" To his son's good luck, Deon wasn't able to say no to him, mainly when he was asking so nicely. \"Fine, we'll do it.\" Vincent thought he would go crazy in that moment, because there was another noise from the ring and he swore he wanted to kill someone. Couldn't there be silence? Just a minute?! He opened door furiously and Ninja went in. \"Heeey, Vince, how are ya? Havin' good time, I see. Geez, Deon I know you have your style, but dude, do somethin' about that.\" They were all staring at Ninja, who was looking at all those boxes. \"Are we having a party?\" \"No. We are going to sort stuff. You know, books, and all those exciting things.\" Ninja frowned, when he heard Deon's answer. Yolandi returned into room. \"So when do we begin?\" \"Right now, but first, hey Ninja, would you like a frog?\" Vincent grinned, but decided to keep explanation for later. Let Ninja be confused. Chappie didn't know this before, but he actually liked to sort things. It was fun to find accurate place for every single thing. This was going smoothly, but he wasn't sure about their teamwork. It didn't need to be said by anyone, but teamwork and cooperation was something that didn't go very well in this group of people. They all had very different personalities and everyone had own idea how to approach problem. Chappie wasn't really sure how they are going to work together, if they are going to act like this. He wished he is wrong and they will overcome their different opinions somehow, but for now, it seemed like a wish, and nothing more. So in the end, he was the one who decided how things would be done, it was his room after all, and he would be happy when it will be all done before evening comes. Sometimes humans needed a little kick and push, when they were supposed to do something right. He was very thankful to Vincent for being willing to help him with constructing of furniture. Chappie knew about himself he is smart, but he lacked experiences and watching Vincent was exciting, because he could learn so much. He never before saw anyone to construct something. Chappie knew he must look like a small kid right now, but he didn't really care. Deon helped him mainly with organization. Everything needed its place and with help of his Maker, Chappie didn't have problems with this subject. Still, it was very ironical, when he realized how messy Deon could be with his things, but at the same time he has a perfect system in it. Yolandi was there to help him with colors and how to keep things practical, but still nice looking. She wanted the room to look cheerful and optimistic and that couldn't be done without colors. Even she could clearly see Chappie prefers darker colors, they made it look right. Since Chappie was the one to have the final word, Ninja was mostly just helping others. He had ideas, but only some of them were accepted, because he was using too much of his own style in these and Chappie wanted this place to be decorated by his own tastes. He was still glad Ninja is willing to help through. Everyone helped in some way, it would be just nicer, without all that swearing and yelling, but the work was done. Even when there was so much chaos, they were able to achieve something. Humans work in weird ways. They ended up in living room, but Deon was standing outside the house in the garden, looking at the frog. He still couldn't process how this thing got here. And it seemingly didn't plan to move out anytime soon. He still didn't get to know every detail of this day, but this was certainly the biggest mystery. \"Oi,, are you going to stand there for the whole night, mate?\" Vincent came beside him and after a brief look; Deon turned his attention back to frog. \"You really don't know how it got here…\" Australian shook his head. \"Not a chance. We were already thinking what to do with it, it will be best to take it out of town and release it to nature, but you will be the one to pick it up, I'm not going that thing another chance to bite me.\" Deon smirked for himself. \"I thought you are not scared of anything.\" \"I'm not scared, but I'm also not stupid, Deon. You or Chappie will pick it up.\" Deon's ears lowered, when he heard that. Yes, this wasn't a bunny, this was a frog, a very big frog to be exact, but he didn't really believe he could do this. It was still a living being, he didn't want to hurt it. \"I can't…\" \"You can, Deon, stop arguing with me.\" \"No…\" Vincent had just enough. Deon couldn't do anything, when older man grabbed his hand and started to pull him back into house. Yes, he could do something, he was stronger than any human, but he didn't dare to do it. One wrong move and he could hurt Vincent badly, and that's something he didn't want to happen. The Australian was visibly aware of this fact, so nothing pretended him from grabbing dragging Deon behind him. When they got to Chelsea's cage and he opened it, Deon started to look worried. \"Vincent?\" Older man picked bunny and then made Deon sit on the floor. He then sat in front of him and finally let go of Deon's hand. \"Here, take her.\" Deon looked at Vincent, like he was crazy, but older man's look was focused and serious. His hands were reaching to orange Scout, with a bunny that clearly didn't have any clue what is going on. \"Vincent, please… I don't want to hurt her. Get her away from me.\" \"You need to face this, Deon, how long do you want to wait? Your whole life? Do you want to be afraid for eternity?\" \"Don't force me, please…\" Vincent watched Deon as he put arms around his legs and buried face into his knees. His ears went down and he clearly didn't want to cooperate or talk. This was one of his traits, when he didn't want to do something, you couldn't just make him, he had to want by himself. Vincent sighed, maybe he was trying too much, and too harsh. He couldn't force Deon, even when he wanted to help him. The ex-soldier looked at bunny in his hand, now he felt bad. He could hurt her somehow. In the next second she was safe, leaning on his chest. \"I'm sorry, Deon, but I want to help you, for real.\" The younger man dared to look. \"Do you want to be scared for your whole life? You have so much strength now; you can use it for so many good things. Do you want to protect Chappie? What if he needs you and you are too scared to do something?\" Right, now they were getting somewhere. Deon's body language changed. Looks like Chappie was the key to get into Deon's mind. When he was trying the hard way, it wasn't working, but the single mention of his beloved child was enough to get Deon's attention and interest. He had to remember this. \"Deon, please, let me help you. I know what I'm doing, nothing bad will happen, I promise.\" Finally, an orange and black hand reached to him. Vincent took it very gently. \"Good boy, now, let me show you. Holding a small animal is like holding a baby, so ya need to be careful, and mainly don't be afraid of it. She can feel you are nervous.\" Vincent sat a little closer to Deon, to be sure if anything goes wrong he can help. His friend was looking at bunny with fixed look, still not really sure about this. \"It's like holding a baby?\" \"Yeah. Because it's small and fragile.\" He put bunny down on his lap. \"OK, give me hands, both of them.\" Deon did as he was told. Ex-soldier took both hands and slowly and very gently put them on bunny. To be totally sure he also put there his hands. \"Now, one hand goes on its back, don't squeeze it, and just put it there. And the second one goes under the belly.\" When that was done, very slowly, Vincent nodded. \"Good. Now we'll slowly raise her up a little with hand under belly. Move the hand from the back to its bottom and we'll slowly pick her up.\" Deon nodded, nervously. They both started to raise her up, Vincent's touch was making him sure he is not raising her too fast. Before Vincent could blink they were holding her in the air and Deon was kind of fascinated how fast it was. Yes he was still sick scared, but not as much as before. \"Now, start to pull her close to yourself, very slowly.\" Deon nodded, obeying Vincent. \"Keep the hand on the back and when is on your chest, move the hand from the belly to her bottom.\" When bunny finally rested her front paws and body on Deon's chest and he secured her with a second hand, Vincent let go. \"All done.\" \"...Yeah.\" Deon's look was fixed on the small furry being that was resting on his chest and curiously sniffing him. Sensors were telling him how soft this little bunny is and she was looking right a him. \"How does it feel?\" \"Nice… Really nice.\" Deon patted her very gently and carefully and was glad, when she didn't want to run away, or show she doesn't want to be near him. He never had his own animals, so holding such a small being close to him was a new experience. It felt so wonderful, knowing this small one trusts him so much. \"Its different than holding Chappie close, right?\" Deon nodded and chuckled at once. \"Yeah.\" \"OK, let's try few more times, just to be sure.\" They returned to the others, who were still sitting in living room. Chappie was lazily leaning on Yolandi's side, as she was talking with Ninja. He didn't really mind this position; leaning on someone was really comfortable. His ears rose when his sigh landed on Deon with Vincent. He immediately noticed bunny in his Maker's arms. \"Deon!\" Chappie practically jumped from the couch and rushed to them. In one second, Deon was worried that he will run over them, but he stopped just in the right moment. \"You did it! You can hold her!\" \"I guess.\" Deon sounded very shy right now, and it was even more visible with Chappie's enthusiasm. Only the fact that he is holding a bunny prevented Chappie from instantly glomping him. \"I knew you could do it.\" This one simple sentence fulfilled Deon with eternal happiness, because he knew Chappie was sincere. \"Oooh, good job, Deon.\" Yolandi came to them and clapped Deon lightly on shoulder. \"See? It wasn't that hard.\" \"You finally got somethin' done right.\" They all already understood this was the biggest sign of compliment that anyone could get from Ninja, so no one was really bothered by that. \"How did you learn it?\" To answer Chappie's question, Deon pointed at Vincent. The result were confused and shocked looks, but ex-soldier just waved his hand. \"I'm not going to work with someone who is not even able to pick up small bunny. It needed to be done, I did a good work, and now I'm going to cook something good for myself, so excuse me.\" He went around everyone and headed to kitchen, hoping it will be finally peaceful here, when suddenly a ring made that annoying sound once again. \"This time I am going to kill anyone who is behind that door!\" Vincent furiously opened door, ready to jump on the unlucky person. \"Oh, so am I supposed to be prepared for my own murder? That's very nice of you, Vincent.\" Everyone didn't know if they are supposed to laugh, or keep silence, when Michelle came in. Vincent closed the door and leaned on the wall, rumbling something for himself. \"Oh god, this day was horrible.\" Chappie just wiped his non-existent nose, when he heard that. He was practically thinking the same thing, and the biggest irony is, this day had such a nice start in the morning. They didn't laugh when Michelle came in, but they did now, when she screamed. \"WHY IS THERE A BIG FROG LEANING ON THE GARDEN DOOR?!\" Yes, this was some day. ","Summary":" Name of this episode is based on the song by Owl City - I'll meet you there. Rmemeber guys, to read"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"We Could Be Immortals","Author":"Kirmon64","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11348647","Passage":"[Chapter 1] No idea why there's no fandom for this movie. I suppose I'll have to fill the fic gap myself~ Concrit very much appreciated! Entirely inspired by Fall Out Boy's Immortals. (Yes, it's a Big Hero 6 song... but it fits Chappie so much better .) Cover art is by DJMoonRay - find her on dA or AO3 :) \"Come, Maker! Come quickly! We goin' back home!\" Deon almost doesn't follow him. He almost points out that his house is on the opposite end of Johannesburg. Then he remembers that he's a robot and his dead body is sitting in Tetravaal's factory. He follows. What else is he going to do? -x He and Ninja don't get along. This doesn't change after Deon is made of metal. Their first argument (one of many) is on the very first day. Within the very first hour. It's about where they are going to stay. Ninja doesn't want to leave Power Park; Deon knows that the JMPD are going to look there first, once they get organized. Ninja may have enough weapons to supply a small army, and he and Chappie may be nigh-invulnerable, but they cannot fight the entire police force. Chappie decides, in the end. He sides with Deon over 'Daddy', and that too prompts a fight. It's cut short when Chappie lifts Ninja by the hem of his shirt, motions as if to punch him, and yells in his face. He acquiesces quickly after that. (Deon expects them to not talk for days. They make up instantly, albeit with curses hurled with what seems like mutual hatred. He promptly gives up on understanding their relationship.) -x They put their plan in motion that night. Deon has been robotic for six hours. It's getting easier, even if he still trips over his own feet every now and again. Ninja stays at the power plant. He burns everything. Deon doesn't pry. He may be Chappie's maker, but he's not part of that family. It's not his place to ask questions. Deon and Chappie head out into Joburg itself. They have errands to run. Chappie escorts him to his house; Deon hasn't a clue where it is, in all honesty. Things look different at night, through robotic eyes, travelling only through alleys and under the cover of shadows. Chappie may have GPS, but his own body is lacking it and he's pretty sure he wouldn't be able to work it anyway. He goes in through his bedroom window. By breaking it. Dexter makes unhappy noises as Deon hauls himself in, but he was never programmed to react to the possibility of burglary so all he does is begin to clean up the glass. He reacts to Deon as though he's an inanimate object. Deon supposes he should be grateful. At least it would be easier to leave without feeling like he'd left his other creations behind. His computer chair creaks ominously under his weight when he sits in it, but it holds. He awakens his setup from sleep mode. The schematics for Chappie's consciousness are still the windows at the forefront of each monitor. Less than a week ago he'd been struggling with getting Chappie's consciousness working. Now he's a robot because his own robot devised a program to transfer consciousnesses. In two days. In a ghetto with nothing but a five-year old laptop and a dozen networked PS4s. Deon shivers. The clattering apparently sounds like something breaking to Dexter, who promptly putters in to find the source of the sound. Concentrate. Concentrate, Deon. \"Red Bull!\" Dexter may not know who he is and probably doesn't recognize his voice either, but he recognizes the command. The Red Bull is promptly fetched, and Deon sets to work. He needs to wipe everything. Everything. Most of it he deletes. He digs out his old thumb drives and saves the rest of it. Chappie's uncompiled proto-consciousness he keeps, after some deliberation. It seems... wrong to delete it. He checks his banking information, next. He doesn't know what happens to the funds of the dead if they don't have a will, or how long it'll take for said things to happen. But they are going to need the money, and it's going to have to be in physical form. Unfortunately his debit card had been in his wallet, which had been in his pants, which were by now certainly impossible to get to. After some deliberation he transfers as much as he dares to his  accounts and decides they'll have to figure something out later. For several minutes he simply sits and clicks through files. Photos, mostly. Colleagues, friends. Brother, parents. All people he'd never see again. Or if he did see them, it wouldn't be as Deon Wilson. Deon Wilson had died in the factory. There would be a funeral. Open-casket, most likely. He wonders if he could attend his own funeral. Then he crushes his can and formats all his drives. Then for good measure he takes them out and stomps them into dust. It feels both freeing and like a nail in his own coffin. \"Oh no!\" Dexter says, and moves to clean up this new mess. Deon catches him; Dexter doesn't protest, but then he wasn't programmed to. \"I'm sorry, Dexter,\" Deon says softly, and shuts him off for the first time in a year. \"You were great. Thank you.\" He finds a bag, and stuffs it full of whatever he can think to bring. Maintenance supplies for himself and Chappie, food and everything in his medicine cabinet for Ninja. He takes one last look at his old life, and then leaves through the front door. It's not safe to hang around his former home for long. -x Chappie finds him before long. Not that he'd wandered far. Slung over one shoulder is a backpack with three Scout batteries inside. Deon's not sure whether or not to be surprised at how quickly Chappie'd found them. Tetravaal and the police had their plate full, but surely the collection of the downed Scouts would be high priority? Chappie picks up on his mood immediately. He doesn't ask - had he learned to not pry, or did he understand? Deon supposes it doesn't really matter. Chappie puts an arm around his shoulders, first, and then he turns it into a full hug. It's awkward, thanks to their respective bags full of stuff. Their bodies don't fit together well either. No give, too much chest, too many small pieces that catch. Deon cries anyway. Or he would if he had tear ducts to speak of. Chappie holds him until he stops trembling, which according to his system clock is all of two minutes and fifteen seconds. The instinct is there to sniff, and wipe his eyes. He resists it. It's hard enough remembering that he doesn't have to push his glasses up anymore, he doesn't need any other tics. Then again, he thinks as Chappie wipes his nonexistent nose, it's not like it would stand out. Chappie doesn't say anything, but he touches his shoulder and does his own version of a smile. Deon smiles back. He's not as expressive as Chappie, but some of the movements are hardcoded in and Chappie seems to understand anyway. \"Come on, Maker,\" Chappie says. \"I got more batteries.\" He takes Deon's hand, and together they run through the quiet streets of Johannesburg. -x They return to Power Park, after they pick up all of Chappie's battery stashes. There's fourteen, total, but one's got a bullet embedded in it and the other's casing is badly cracked so the count is an even dozen in the end. It's still enough to last the two of them years, maybe decades. Each charge could last two weeks if the batteries were well-maintained, and their ability to be recharged meant that they were infinitely reusable. Their efficiency would dwindle of course, but by then the Scouts might be in production again and they could scavenge more. Worst-case scenario, they could figure out how to run off some other power source. Ninja ignores Deon when he steps inside, but this means that they're not arguing so Deon doesn't exactly mind. He does, however, head immediately for Chappie, brandishing a thumb drive with something written on it in white-out that Deon can't quite make out. Chappie's antennae immediately perk up. He knows. He grabs Ninja's hand, enclosing the thumb drive within. \"I can bring her back, Daddy. You gotta keep her safe for me til then. Please?\" Ninja nods, mutely. Deon can see the unshed tears in the man's eyes, and he busies himself with checking over their supplies again. He doesn't look up again until both of them have left. Yolandi, Deon thinks. A backup of Yolandi? Chappie had to have tested his code on someone , and she was the most likely candidate. ...She was going to be put in a body at some point. Not today, probably not this week, maybe not even this month. But one day. The batteries wouldn't last as long with three bodies to power, but he supposes they'll deal with that if and when it becomes an issue. He's hardly going to deny Chappie the opportunity to get his Mommy back. -x Ninja sleeps in the early hours of the morning. He's been awake for thirty-six hours, and in that span of time not only has he ran himself ragged, he's been shot in the leg and lost the two people he cared about most. Deon certainly can't blame the man for being too exhausted to continue. He and Chappie, on the other hand, don't sleep. They need to wait for Ninja to wake up, because he's the only human left, the only one able to interact with other people. The only one who actually knows where the hell any of of them can hide until everything calms down. (Deon resigns himself to forever living in poverty. Not like he could show his face in public anyway.) They find a white rat wandering the upper level at eight in the morning. Yolandi's pet, as it turns out. Deon's not really afraid of rats, but nor does he particularly want anything to do with it. Chappie, on the other hand, immediately picks it up and coos at it. The rat's name is Tek. It seems to genuinely enjoy Chappie's company, chasing and nipping his fingers when prompted and calmly taking food when it's offered. It eventually falls asleep in the crook between Chappie's shoulder and neck. It must know he's not human, and yet it trusts him just the same anyway. Deon recalls some hazy memory of someone telling him that animals could read your energy, could read your intentions - maybe it simply read Chappie as some kind of strange metal human? If only actual humans could be like that, Deon thinks as Tek continues to nap as though he's in the safest place in the world. If only. -x \"Tetravaal will find us through you,\" Deon tells Chappie. \"Through your GPS. That's how they tracked you before, and that's how they'll do it now.\" Chappie pets Tek, looking pensive. He's not stupid; he knows what Deon is implying. The GPS needs to be disabled - but the software is locked down tight. Maybe they could disable the autotracking... with the Guard Key, and diagnostic software, and an actual workstation, and enough time. All things they don't have and are not likely to have anytime soon. \"You need to take it out,\" Chappie replies. It's not a question. They set up in what's left of the kitchen. The rat comes with them; Chappie puts it on the table and it seems content to nose around the broken dishes for morsels of food. He sits, and Deon stands behind him. There's enough tools laying around for Deon to get the back of Chappie's head open with minimum fuss. Chappie doesn't move, doesn't react, and it's a minute before Deon realizes that he's too still. He's afraid. Terrified. He doesn't know what happened, exactly, but he knows that at some point the CPU of Chappie's old body had to be duct taped back in place... He puts his hand on Chappie's shoulder. Chappie covers it with his own, and grips tight. \"Please be careful, Maker.\" Deon reassures him that he will, that he knows what he's doing, that this shouldn't be too difficult or take too long. In reality he feels like he would be hyperventilating if he still breathed. Chappie's electronic brain is arrayed before him, the entire consciousness of this amazing being fitting onto the CPU wafers crammed into his titanium skull. If he messes up, if he so much as touches the wrong thing... Brain surgery, Deon thinks, and fights down the urge to laugh or cry or both. This was not what he had signed up for. At all. He does it anyway. He succeeds. -x They bury Yolandi and Amerika after Ninja wakes up. Deon and Chappie do most of the work, due to Ninja's injury. It's an experience that Deon does not ever, ever want to repeat. Yolandi's body isn't difficult to move, but when they try to figure out what to do with Amerika... Chappie mostly deals with that, thank god. Deon ineffectually dry-heaves for several minutes after trying to help. Fuck Vincent and his megalomania. Fuck him up the ass with a rusty cleaver. (Ninja voices his thoughts in much more colorful terms than Deon could have ever imagined. For once they are in total agreement.) They dig separate graves for the two of them, even if it's double the work for little gain. Chappie and Ninja seem to want it that way, and Deon is not going to complain. He's acutely aware of his status as outsider , and he's not about to make things more strained than they already are. The funeral itself is... quiet. Ninja doesn't say a thing the entire time, but again he looks like he's only keeping himself from crying through sheer force of will. Deon feels like a trespasser. He shouldn't be here, this wasn't his family... Ninja's still carrying the thumb drive. Deon wonders if he slept with it. -x They load the car up and head out at noon. Deon has been a robot for sixteen hours. It feels like there's something crawling at the edges of his vision. Like static fuzz. He ignores it for now. What diagnostics he can figure out how to use say that everything's normal, and he's not going to bother Chappie about it quite yet. Ninja drives. Not that there was any possibility of it going any other way. Some of the bags go up front, in the passenger seat. He and Chappie, and all their supplies, are in the back, covered by a tarp. The car's already got a couple bullet holes in the doors, nobody needs to catch a glimpse of a pair of runaway robots in the back seat and complicate things more. The downside of this is that Deon has no idea where they are or where they're going or what's going on outside the vehicle. Without his GPS, neither does Chappie. Chappie doesn't like the dark. To be honest, Deon's not fond of it either. Not the dark itself per se, but the oppressive weight of the tarp and the knowledge that his life is completely in Ninja's hands. It's only Chappie's presence that keeps him calm. Because Ninja, whatever else he was, had developed a genuine fondness for Chappie. If he gave one of them away, he gave both of them away. And without Chappie, he'd never get his girl back. Chappie's glowing screen-eyes watch him from the seat above. He'd insisted on taking the seat and having Deon lay on the floor. In case something happened, he'd said, so he could get up and react faster. The earlier reluctance to fight, to hurt, all that was gone. It was replaced by a calm determination that both reassured and frightened Deon. His creation was well on his way to being all grown up. Here, in the dark, his worries were magnified. Nothing could stop Chappie now, if he decided that humanity wasn't worth the effort. All he could do was pray that whatever morals he and Yolandi had managed to instill would hold true. \"You scared, Maker?\" Chappie whispers. Deon thinks about not replying. But Chappie had been lied to enough over his short life. And he needed to be taught that sometimes, it was okay to be scared. \"Yes,\" he whispers back, and resists the urge to look away. Of you, some traitorous part of his mind whispers. Chappie shifts on the seat, and shyly takes Deon's hand. \"I'm scared too,\" he admits. \"But we got each other, right?\" Deon smiles. It's as much to reassure Chappie as it is to reassure himself. \"Right.\" \"Forever?\" \"Forever. I promise.\" -x They stay in Soweto. Not that Deon expected anything else. The house is tiny. If it can even be called a house. Four cramped rooms of equal size did not a house make. There's roaches in the bedroom. A hole in the roof that's going to leak like a motherfucker when it rains. Something that looks like dried blood is smeared all over one of the walls in the kitchen. At least it's got electricity and running water. Ninja doesn't tell them how he got ahold of this place. Deon decides he's not going to ask. -x Things fall into a sort of routine after that. Ninja is still the only one that ever goes more than a few meters from the house. Chappie's... uneasy without his GPS, Deon thinks. Deon is just plain nervous. Staying inside isn't doing either of them any favours, mind; Deon swears he can feel the cabin fever physically creeping upon him as the hours roll by. Chappie seems just as restless, developing fidgety tics and a mild temper as time goes on. He's still just a kid. He needs to get out, needs stimulation. The fuzzy vision gets worse over time. On day two he finally tells Chappie about it. At least the troubleshooting gives them something to do, and it has a practical benefit as well: Chappie starts trying to teach him how his body works. Deon knows the technical info, of course, but living in the body is worlds different from simply reading about it. The command line interface is at once both amazing and Deon's worst nightmare come to life. They sit on the kitchen floor when Ninja's out hunting down supplies. Crosslegged, face-to-face, with Chappie holding both his hands. Physical touch keeps him grounded, keeps him focused, and it also keeps Chappie aware of Deon's mental state when he inevitably goes non-verbal from information overload. It's like a sixth sense. Like reaching into your own head and pressing buttons to manipulate your heartbeats. It's not painful - nothing's painful, he can't sense pain anymore - but it's disorienting, and if his control slips up things go wrong. Once he'd shut down his motor control, and another instance had him a few words away from formatting his CPU. It's exhausting and stressful, and Deon finds himself craving a strong tea more and more after every attempt. Chappie never leaves his side, even when he's snappish and irritable. Deon is infinitely grateful. -x Ninja returns, and this time he has a laptop. Chappie immediately pounces on it. He'd brought up Yolandi's consciousness many times in the past two days, and Deon knows he'd been beyond ready to work on getting his Mommy back. Deon tries his best to help, if only for something to do. He's useful in the early stages, when Chappie's asking him questions about the Scout firmware and Tetravaal's security, but things quickly progress beyond his expertise when Chappie begins the process of recreating the consciousness transferral program. Deon simply sits back and watches, and lets Chappie do as he pleases. It doesn't take Chappie long to rewrite the transfer program. Robotic memory recall, Deon supposes, even if Chappie's mind was structured differently from traditional CPU architecture. There's more to it than that, though. Chappie sees what Deon struggles with on a daily basis, and he... fixes it. The transfer program's done in a few hours, but the support structure for Yolandi's consciousness takes days. Deon is more involved with this process, because at least he has firsthand experience. Chappie writes his Mommy instincts: what parts of herself she will need to protect, what parts can take what kind of punishment. How to walk, how to run, how hard she can push herself. How her cooling system works: the flusher, the mister, the self-sealing valves. He gives her a proper command line GUI, so she can avoid Deon's perpetual struggles with it. Deon is jealous, though he tries very hard not to be. \"We'll make you one too, Deon,\" Chappie reassures him, and squeezes his hand. \"I promise.\" -x A week after he dies-but-doesn't, Deon realizes that he is functionally immortal. He'd known before. God, how could he not? But it's only a week later that it truly sinks in. He cannot die. Not unless it was by his own hand, or with outside intervention. Two weeks ago he'd been subsisting off of Red Bull and terrible takeout. A week ago he'd been bleeding out onto the floor of his company van. Now he's made of a titanium alloy with coolant for blood and silicon wafers for brains. He's never been more terrified in his life. -x On the eighth day, Deon begins to feel phantom pains. There's the literal pain. In his abdomen, through his stomach and out his back. Where he'd been shot. It's not nearly as bad as that, thank god. It's more of a twinge. An itch, like a peeling scab. Then there is the hunger, and the thirst. Both are fleeting - the scratch of a dry throat, a contraction of his nonexistent stomach. They're gone as quickly as they come, which is nearly as disorienting as it is annoying. Then, Deon realizes what the permanent fuzziness in his vision is. He's tired. Exhausted . His mind demands a sleep that his body can no longer give. Things... start to deteriorate after that. Chappie notices right away. Well, how could he not? They'd spent almost every moment together for the past week, he was bound to notice an abrupt personality change in his Maker. Deon curls up on the ratty old couch. Chappie kneels beside him, and runs gentle fingers over his face. Like a mother comforting a child, Deon thinks. He's suddenly beyond grateful for Yolandi's existence. \"I need to sleep, Chappie.\" Chappie cups Deon's face in his hand. \"But Maker... you a robot. You can't sleep.\" \"I know. But I have to try. I can't... I can't deal with this anymore.\" Chappie's expression shifts to something he can't identify. Worry, maybe, or fear. Then he nods. \"Okay. I'll stay with you. Help you sleep, ja?\" Deon nods. Chappie gets the laptop, settles down, and several moments later he starts to talk. A story, Deon realizes after the first few sentences. He's reading me a bedtime story. He pulls the shirt draped over the couch's arm onto his face. It's not the same as closing his eyes, but it's better than nothing and he doesn't trust himself to try and disable his vision library right now. Sleep doesn't come naturally, not that he'd expected it to. Still... the simple act of lying in a prone position seems to help. No running, no worrying, no arguing with Ninja. Just him and Chappie, the way he had dreamed it might be. All it had taken was his death and a subsequent mental breakdown, apparently. Chappie takes hold of Deon's hand at some point. Everything feels warm and indistinct. Peaceful. Chappie runs his thumb across Deon's knuckles, and he lets himself... drift. -x He's standing downtown. His glasses are missing. People are screaming, running. Something in the sky is chasing them. A man is laughing, pressing a gun to his jaw. He needs to escape - needs to find the others. He needs to find Chappie. He runs, but everywhere people are dying. He can't see. There are deactivated Scouts everywhere. Some of them are covered in graffiti. He's forced to step on them as he runs; their limbs crunch like bone under his shoes. The man laughs and laughs and laughs. Suddenly the man is standing at the hideout, the pistol shoved up underneath Chappie's chin. Chappie is crying, begging the man to let him go. Deon runs. He has to stop the man. He has to stop the man! The man laughs and laughs, and raises his pistol - suddenly there is blood on Deon's hands, blood on the ground, blood everywhere. Chappie screams. \"Maker!\" Deon feels someone holding his hand. It's metal. Is it Chappie? But the man is holding Chappie, putting the gun to his head. He pulls the trigger - \"Maker!\" - And Deon tumbles to the floor. There's shouting. Chappie's voice, and more distantly, a human's. Ninja. Swearing, asking what's going on, Chappie yelling something back about everything being fine, please don't come in Daddy, he has it under control. He still can't see. Why can't he see? Where are his glasses? \"Maker,\" Chappie says, from somewhere nearby. His hand touches Deon's shoulder. \"Deon. It's okay. You safe, I got you.\" But there was a man, Deon wants to say. And then he remembers where he is. What he is. Vincent was either dead or in intensive care. Certainly he wasn't going to be threatening either of them anytime soon, if ever. \"There's no bad men here,\" Chappie continues. His hand leaves Deon's shoulder, and he has a panicked urge to grab it back. But then both of Chappie's hands rest on his head, and slowly begin to unwind the shirt tangled in his antennae. \"Just me and Daddy. I got you, Maker. I won't let anyone hurt you. It's okay.\" Chappie's voice is not exactly what Deon would term 'soothing'; the electronic timbre and thuggish inflection make it more grating than anything. But it's familiar and it's calm, and Deon finds himself slowly relaxing. His servos groan as he lets them release, one by one. Chappie finally gets the shirt off. Sunlight trickles in through the single dirty window, and Chappie smiles at him. He takes both of Deon's hands in his own, and Deon has the sudden hysterical urge to cry. Fuck. \"I don't know if I can do this,\" he whispers. Chappie's smile turns to a confused frown. Deon takes his hands back, and buries his head in them. Chappie puts his hands on Deon's knees instead, and waits. \"Maker?\" \"This. All of this. Living like this. In this place. With you and Ninja. I - I can't do this. I can't be a robot. I can't live forever.\" He can hear Chappie's expression shift, but with his head in his hands he can't see a thing. Maybe that's for the best. Humans weren't meant to live like this. No thirst, no hunger. Unable to sleep, slowly being driven insane by the lack of it. No pain, no pleasure, no sickness, no death. Immortality. True immortality, a real-life philosopher's stone. There is a long silence in which neither of them move. \"Do you hate me, Maker?\" Chappie asks. There's a tremble to his voice that Deon's never heard before. Deon doesn't reply. After a long while, Chappie gets up and leaves. -x There's a tree outside their shack. Deon's sat under it, once, at four in the morning when no one was around. He's a fucking neon orange beacon in the dark, and he's always paranoid that one of their neighbors is going to rat them out if he's seen. For the first time, he goes outside during the day. It's high noon during the hottest days of the summer, and anyone that's not at work is staying inside to keep cool. If there's one thing he doesn't miss about being human, it's the sweating. He still can't stay out in the sun for too long or he'll overheat, but at least he's not sweating buckets. He finds Chappie sitting under the tree. He looks away when Deon approaches, and he's uncomfortably reminded of Chappie's third day of life, when Deon had walked in on him carting around stolen PS4s. \"Chappie?\" He sits down on the dusty ground beside his creation. Who still won't look at him. He's fucked up. He's fucked up bad . \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean...\" he trails off, realizing he has no clue what he's going to say, and reaches for Chappie's hand instead. Chappie lets him take it, and finally turns to face him. His expression is completely unreadable. When he speaks, the tremble's gone, but it's been replaced with something like despair. \"No. You didn't do anything. I - I didn't think I... shit.\" He doesn't let go of Deon's hand, but he does rub his face with his free one. \"It's okay that you hate me. I fucked up big time.\" Deon desperately tries to figure out how to proceed. \"Chappie,\" he eventually says, and shuffles a little closer til their shoulders touch. \"I don't hate you. I just... I was disoriented, and frustrated. I'm very glad to be alive, trust me. And... and I think I slept. Or close enough to it. So... that helped. A lot, actually. I didn't mean anything that I said.\" Chappie finally looks at him, but it's not the kind of look Deon had hoped for. He looks... defeated. And just a little bit suspicious. So Deon hurries on, before Chappie can say anything. \"Do you remember when we were in the car? Under the tarp?\" Chappie nods, so he barrels onwards. \"And I promised you that I'd be with you forever. You can't break a promise.\" \"Yes, you can,\" Chappie replies quietly, and in that moment Deon's heart breaks. Chappie's grown up. He's not a kid anymore. Not even a teenager. He's... cynical. He promised himself to try and raise Chappie to the best of his ability, and look where that's gotten the both of them. But he can't give up now. He has to fix this. He scrambles to his knees, kneeling in front of Chappie. He takes Chappie's hand in both of his, and Chappie stares at him. \"Not this one,\" Deon replies, fiercely. \"I'm not going anywhere. I promise you that, Chappie, and even if you never believe another promise in your life you have to believe this one.\" He quirks a smile. \"I mean, I died for you, didn't I? You can't get much more committed than that.\" It gets a small laugh out of Chappie, at least. It sounds like a weird cross between human laughter and a pneumatic hiss. Then he sits up, and envelops Deon in a tight hug. \"I'm glad I have you, Maker. Even if it's not forever. I'll make this better, I'll make you better. I'll make you the best motherfuckin' robot in the whole fuckin' world.\" It's Deon's turn to laugh. Maybe he hadn't completely fucked up. \"Isn't that you?\" Chappie's antennae perk forward, and he playfully shoves Deon. He can practically see the amusement dancing in his eyes. \"Ne, I'm the best gangsta. You can be best robot, Deon. Gotta share, right?\" Deon laughs and shoves Chappie back. Everything is going to be okay. ","Summary":" No idea why there's no fandom for this movie. I suppose I'll have to fill the fic gap myself~ Concr"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Still alive- Part 1","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11734673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys. Well, here we are this is the first part of the finale of this seson. I actually thought that it would be good to seperate stories on seasons, or how to say it, and this is the end of the first one. We are finally going to see the final conclusion of relation between Deon and Vincent. Well, enjoy the finale ;) IMPORANT NOTE: TO FIND THE SECOND PART, GO TO MY PROFILE, FF. NET IS SCREWING UP AND DIDN'T ADD SECOND PART TO CHAPPIE MOVIE FOLDER, SIGH The name of those two parts is \"Still alive\" from the Mirror edge game Things were starting to get into movement. After their unplanned day off, they were all ready to start their new work life at TetraVaal. Right next day they came to their new working place, the frog actually stayed in the garden, they could deal with it later. Chappie wasn't afraid something would happen to it, since it seemed very comfortable in their garden, and it didn't mean any big problems. The only thing they had to be sure about was closed door and bunny closed in cage, but Chappie was wondering if he would be able to take her to their working place. The first thing they did was to prepare their working stations. The decoration will come over time, they knew it. Yes, they brought some things to make place more accepting and home-like, but it wasn't the main focus. Deon wasn't very surprised when Chappie wanted his place sort of hidden from others. It's not that he didn't like company, but he knew very well he works better when he has privacy and feeling of safety. Still, he kept himself close to others. The only thing he wanted was a dark blue sheet that separated his place from the rest of the enormous room. Deon just hoped he wouldn't use it as any other teenager for a place where he can listen to music loud and yell he hates everyone, but that seemed highly unlikely. It didn't really surprise him, when he saw Vincent was keeping himself close to him and the rest of the group, than other people from TetraVaal. They accepted they would work here, but that didn't mean they forgave him. To make this easier, Deon instantly came to Vincent and offered him, if he wants to have workplace next to him. He was glad when his new friend didn't really try to play a loner, who wants to keep his distance and rather accepted with visible gratitude. Even Ninja was trying to keep himself out of trouble this time ands was willing to cooperate. They may have different job to do, but getting along was essential thing to make this all work. When they were all comfortable in their places, it was time for few more adjustments. Michelle introduced them to the technicians that would be responsible for their good health. Chappie wasn't really happy about this, to be honest, none of them were. Deon strictly denied any possibility for them to get into his brain, and Yolandi did the same, the only one who was allowed to do such thing was Chappie. So they only got permission to keep their bodies functional, all mind stuff was strictly forbidden. Not that these two guys minded at all. They were totally OK with taking care of mechanical parts and not dig into their minds. Still, Chappie was quite unsettled about this and Yolandi explained to him why. For them, these men were like their doctors, and the fact was that not many people liked doctors; a lot of them were panicking when they were supposed to go to one. There was also one more very interesting thing to do. Michelle told them that they could get any time repainted. Chappie never really showed interest in his own looks, but in the end he started to think about it and he liked the idea. After all, there will be many Scouts on streets very soon, so it was a good idea to help his own identity grow. Deon wasn't really sure about this in his own case, for now he just wanted the signs and symbols off, but he didn't know about the color. Yolandi was content with her current state. Chappie wanted to look different, but didn't want to get too far away from his original look. He got all signs and symbols removed nevertheless, even his number got removed. He was then washed and polished. What came next was a vibrant dark blue color that covered his painted areas. Still, he wanted the green and yellow to stay. He just wanted to add more green into mix, to make it more vibrant. He was just too used on having more colors on his body. He even let Ninja to help with paint painting and Chappie was very happy with the results. For the first time in his life he could choose how he wants to look and it felt good. Now they will get to real work. First thing they needed to accomplish was to get Scouts back on streets. Chappie never before met with another Scout, he didn't know how they act and didn't know what to expect. When that moment finally came, he didn't really know what to think about it. To him, they looked like zombies, without own will, they were only following orders. There wasn't any emotion, any expression, they were just machines. Chappie was looking at his own kind, but at the same time he felt so distant. The basic software and body was the only thing he shared with them. Deon was also experiencing mixed feelings. Just now when he was living in the Scout body for some time, he fully realized what he created. Because of all this time, when he was living with Chappie, Scouts were eternally connected to his child, but they lacked his emotions, movements, everything. Even when they shared the same body, it just didn't feel the same. Deon never really liked police, army, any of these things, but he understood he can help people. He achieved his biggest dream, now it was time to do something for other people. In the end, Scouts didn't only return, they were better and they were on more places. Chappie had an idea to make different versions of Scouts, so they could be used not only by police. Few new variants were made, so they could also serve in a fire department and in groups of people that may need them. It took one month and Scouts were back, making life of some people very hard. Of course no one knew where they came from, who made these new models and who was the brain of this operation. It all stayed secret, just like it should. No one really minded. The work was done, that was important. Now it was time to celebrate. \"Good job, people. We are officially back.\" Michelle took a sip of wine and listened to cheerful agreements of others. She took one more sip and then leaned on the side to Vincent. \"Look at me, Vincent, I'm so poor. I must drink old wine, eat old cheeses and drive a car without a roof.\" \"Yeah, I feel so sorry for you…\" Ex-soldier rolled his eyes and looked at Chappie who was feeding bunny with banana. It was so long since they all were sitting in his house but when he knew there was going to be a little celebrating party, he didn't refuse to have it in his house. Still, he would be glad if Michelle would stop drinking. \"Miss, I think you should stop, you are drinking too much.\" Deon visibly shared the same opinion and his boss turned to him. \"Don't tell me when to stop Deon, I know what I'm doing, now… can someone tell me why there is a bunny, sitting on the table?\" \"I think we should do something about her…\" Yolandi whispered to Chappie and young Scout nodded. Even Ninja didn't look very sure about their chief's current state. \"I want to sing, who wants to sing with me?\" They all sighed and decided to take every alcohol far away from Michelle. This was the reason, why they didn't party together. This was one of those calm days, and those days were good. It meant there are no problems to solve, no arguing, no yelling. Deon was content going around his co-workers and returning the greetings. Finally he got to his working station and sat down. Right, this day will be perfect to do some good and quality work. That's how he likes it. Before he could actually start working, he was clapped on shoulder and he turned to see Vincent standing next to him. The older man was smiling and Deon was wondering what was on his mind this time. Every time he saw that smile, he was starting to get suspicious. \"Hey.\" \"Hey, what's on your mind this time?\" Deon watched the ex-soldier as he sat on chair right next to him. \"You know, I was thinking, since it looks like TetraVaal is secured, I was thinking I could ask Michelle…\" \"You want Moose, right?\" \"We are doing good, Deon, why would she say no?\" Deon was looking at the ex-soldier with mixed feelings. This was very uncomfortably reminding him of the day, when Vincent came to him in office and pulled him down on the desk with the gun. Also, the mention of Moose wasn't pleasant. The last time he saw that thing, it was going to kill them all. Also, he didn't like Vincent's demanding tone. They were getting along, most of the time, and Vincent taught him few useful things. He was also helping him with new development of Scouts over the last month. Deon was already used on working with Vincent, but right now, something was haunting his mind. \"I don't know, I just don't think you should be totally sure she will say yes.\" Vincent didn't clearly like this answer, but he still smirked and stood up. \"Let's see.\" Deon watched him leave and for some reason, he didn't feel well about this. Maybe he knew why. For a second, he felt like Vincent's old nature has returned. He hoped he is deadly wrong. Vincent reached Michelle in her office. First he knocked on the door and then slowly entered the room. Michelle was sitting behind towers made of papers, as always, and she dared to look away from work for a while. \"Oh, hello Vincent. So, what do you want today?\" The ex-soldier sat in front of her and for once, he looked very humble. \"Michelle, I was wondering… since we are doing so good, and I think I proved myself enough… can we build Moose again?\" She was expecting this, not now, but later. Well, she had to deal with it right now, and she was sure he would not like the answer. \"Vince… I know how much you want Moose to be rebuilt, and I know you proved yourself several times, but… I don't think you are ready, yet.\" There was it. The slow realization. Vincent's look changed from humble, but still happy to confused and even sad. Thank God there was no anger, but Michelle still didn't like to look at him when he was disappointed. His eyes were moving from one corner to another as he was processing her words. In the end, there was only one word. \"Why?\" \"I don't feel like you are ready. Something is still missing.\" He leaned on table, getting closer to her. \"What should I do? Tell me, I'll do it.\" His answer was a deep sigh. \"I don't know, call it a woman intuition. You will get Moose back, I promised that, but please be patient.\" Vincent returned on his seat, visibly thinking. \"Be patient…\" \"Yes.\" She stood up from her chair and actually kneeled beside him and put hand on his shoulder, gently rubbing it. \"Vince, please, don't do the same mistake for second time. You'll get what you want. I know it may seem unfair to you, since you helped here so much, but please, trust me. I want the best for you.\" He gave her sad, but understanding look. Oh, how she hated to see him like this. In the end, there was sigh and he just silently nodded. He hoped for different answer, but he had to deal with the one he got. No, he didn't want to disappoint her again. She gave him second chance. He won't do the same mistake again. He returned back to his work place and put arms on the desk, and then he buried his head into them. What was he doing wrong? He was willing to work with others, help, do any work they want from him, and it still isn't enough. He trusted Michelle, he was sure she had good intentions with him, but he wasn't able to see what she wants from him. It was a whole month already, plus all that madness they came through before. How long should he wait? It started to look like he would never get a real chance. He will never be the one to be successful. No, there will always be someone else for that… He looked on side to see Deon, who was typing on keyboard, visibly enjoying himself. Yes, Deon was the one to harvest all success. Him and Chappie. There was no place for Vincent's dreams and desires. No matter how hard he tries, he will stay in shadow. He was starting to think some time ago, since they got Scouts back on streets. He was glad they succeeded, but at the same time, there was a small seed of jealousy, growing in his mind and patiently waiting for any chance to get bigger and stronger. He was watching Deon and then noticed Chappie, who was coming around with Yolandi and Ninja. This wasn't right, he should be happy that they succeeded, so why was he feeling like this? He didn't want to admit it, but he was feeling like last time. Once again he was envying Deon's success and he was the one in his shadow, hoping he will also get the chance to shine. This feeling was making him a company more and more often. No, he had to stop think like this. Deon was his friend now, well, that's what he was at least thinking. He wouldn't call them best buddies in the whole world, but they were getting along. Deon ordered him his friendship back then, when all those people here turned on him. He wanted to help Vincent. At least that's what the ex-soldier was thinking. He knew he can't take this friendship too seriously, but he was glad to see Deon was trying his best to keep the word. Back then, everything seemed so clear, but right now, Vincent felt like he is falling into a haze of confusion once again. There were strange thoughts going around in his mind, and sometimes he was listening to them. What if they were just using him, and when he is no longer needed, they will get rid of him? What if he can't trust them? Not even Michelle? He tried to push those thoughts away. He didn't want to think like this. He knew his mind is getting slowly corrupted by jealousy once again, but he couldn't control it. How much he prayed that he wouldn't do the same mistake again. He wanted to trust them, he wanted to belong. Over the month, he visited church so many times, always asking the same questions and begging for forgiveness and mercy on his soul. He hoped that Lord wouldn't let him fall this time. When he was praying, or looking for peace, he was sure everything is OK, but the moment he left little sanctuary in his mind, the doubts returned. \"Vincent.\" Suddenly, he was dragged out of his mind world, and turned to look at Deon, who meanwhile came to him. When Vincent looked at him, Deon sat on the chair. \"How did it go?\" \"Not well… She thinks I'm not ready yet…\" He tried to avoid Deon's look. \"Pity, but I'm sure she will say yes, over time.\" Vincent really didn't want to look at Deon, or answer him, because all he had in his mind right now, where very unfriendly thoughts. Yes, I can wait for my success, unlike you. After all you have all eternity for it. He didn't want to think like this, but those were the first words that he could think of. It was better in the moment, when he felt gently touch on his back and slow rubbing. He gave Deon unsure look. \"It'll be okay, you'll get your chance. Maybe I can help you next time, we can go both and I'll try to say something nice.\" \"Don't make me laugh Deon… Not in the mood.\" \"I was serious. Hey, would you like to go with Chappie and me to bookstore today? He wants some new books and I think it would be better if we would have someone…\" Vincent smirked. \"Human looking.\" Deon nodded. \"Yeah, Ninja is not really the book guy, so…\" Vincent sighed, but nodded. \"Okay, I'll also buy something… Maybe it will make the day better.\" They decided to walk, not to use a car, so they were slowly going through town. Chappie was really glad when he saw his idea is working out just fine. To make it harder to spot them, Chappie proposed idea to give Scouts at least a simple mannerism. So they no longer looked like lifeless machines, they were moving with hints of human behavior. Since there were numerous paintjobs, there was not really that much chance to spot him and Deon. Yolandi was walking around the town covered with clothes and for the most part, people didn't really notice she didn't have a human body anymore. Now when they weren't sticking out, it actually felt safe to go around town. They could even go to shops, since Scouts were allowed almost everywhere. Today he was in very good mood, because he knew he would add some new books into his nice little collection. They spent some time in bookstore and Deon wasn't surprised to find Vincent in the military books area. He would like to stay longer, but he knew they had to go already. It was always such a hard work to make up Chappie's mind that they have to go. To his good luck, Vincent didn't need such trying. Then when it was time to pay, Deon rather took Chappie outside; because he didn't want to risk his child will return to shelves before they manage to leave the store. When Vincent finally came, Chappie immediately rushed to him, waiting for books. He didn't try to grab the bag right from Vincent's hands, or demand, he was just patiently standing and waiting. Vincent gave him the full bag with a simple sigh. He wasn't mad, sad or anything similar to it. He was still just getting used on Chappie's energetic personality. Yes, he was very mostly mature, when it came to his behavior, but he was still acting like a child. Chappie was enjoying everything without any doubt; he wasn't ashamed to admit he likes something and didn't hesitate to show his good mood. Those were things that were still very strongly living in him, no matter how much he matures. The only thing that made Vincent a little sad was that when he realized he can't know, how his own children behave these days, but he wasn't going to talk about it. This day was so calm; it could almost be called lazy. They didn't head home, not yet. Instead they were staying in playground. What was the reason that adults like to hang around such place? Vincent was sitting on the swing, as it was lazily swinging from one side to another. Chappie was lying and leaning on the tree and Deon was sitting on bench. It was a sunny day, and there was not even one child around here. Chappie actually remembered on the day when he decided to fulfill his promise to Andile and returned to the part of Soweto. A lot of things happened during the last month, and he was happy to see the boy didn't forget about him. Now when he could go anywhere, they could finally have fun and even play games. They played soccer, and Andile even introduced Chappie to his friends. Chappie liked to hang around kids and when they learned to trust him, they were actually glad there is a police droid with them; he gave them feeling of safety. Chappie then looked at Deon and thought about other things he started. First, they got more sensitive touch, now he wanted to get smell. That was the next goal. For now, he only had few blueprints and few unsolved problems, but he knew he would get it done, with time. Deon and Yolandi were always willing to serve him as lab rats, as they were calling it, and since it was also very helpful to have human around, Vincent agreed to help. Still, there were few more obstacles, but he knew he is getting close. Right now, he was rather more curious about Vincent. Something wasn't right with him, he could see it. Human psychology was very interesting thing to study and after reading few books, Chappie could see when there was a problem. To be honest, he didn't even need to read books to see there was something odd going on. Chappie just wasn't sure, if he should ask, or wait for Vincent to say it himself. He rather decided to keep silence; instead he took one of the books from the bag and started to read it. After few more minutes, Vincent got off the swing and sat next to Deon. \"You are still thinking about what Michelle told you?\" \"Is it really that apparent?\" Vincent's voice had a hint of bitterness in it. \"I didn't mean to…\" Deon's ears lowered when Vincent started to stare at him. \"Of course Deon, you never mean anything. You are the successful one after all.\" \"Vincent…\" Oh no, here it was. Deon was afraid this would happen. At this point, Chappie looked away from book and raised his ears in confusion. \"Why are you saying this? We both did a part of the work.\" \"Yes, but you are the one who gets praise, not me. I'm starting to think you are just using me, all of you. Was this the reason why you offered me your friendship back then? So you can use me, and then laugh at me, how such a big fool I am?\" Deon was speechless. How long was Vincent feeling like this? He was acting more and more, just like last time, when Chappie was born. And now he was even thinking they were using him as a tool. Deon felt shocked, but at the same time hurt and even… offended. \"You can't be serious, Vincent. I wanted to help you! I thought you need help, that you need someone close to who you can talk! HOW CAN YOU EVEN THINK THAT I WOULD WANT TO USE YOU?!\" At this point, Chappie was giving them full attention, his ears standing up and carefully listening to every word. He wasn't present during the moment they were now talking about, but that wasn't important. He was very unhappy with how this is going, and he was ready to jump on his feet and stop them if needed. Vincent was surprised by Deon's sudden raise of voice and angry tone. He was practically awaiting attack, or anything from Deon, but it didn't come. After the whole half of the minute, Deon started to calm down, his ears dropped and he sat on the bench. \"I wanted to help you…\" That was all he said, before standing up, going to Chappie, taking the bag and slowly walking away. Chappie watched him silently, then he looked back at Vincent and when it was clear that older man wasn't going anywhere, he also stood up and then followed his Maker. Still, he gave Vincent one more unsure look, and the answer was sad gaze. Vincent then lowered head and looked at the ground, not saying a word. They slowly walked home, and there was an awkward silence. Chappie was waiting for Deon to say something, but there was nothing. His Maker was silent and that was making him worried. He knew very well Deon can have his moments of rage, but it was very rare. Even when he was angry, he rarely yelled at anyone. Chappie could clearly see Deon felt hurt right now, maybe even betrayed. When he was thinking about it, he didn't wonder why Deon reacted like this. When they finally got home, Chappie left the bag with books in his room, there will be enough time for that. He just checked on his bunny if she is okay and then headed back downstairs. Deon was just sitting there on the couch, silently, and Chappie was thinking if he could help somehow. Maybe he had an idea, but for now, he just sat next to Deon and hugged him. Right now his Maker needed to calm down. Chappie was no expert, when it came to interaction between humans, but at least he recognized, when his presence was needed or appreciated. They weren't talking that much in next hours, but Chappie didn't mind. He knew Deon is thinking deeply, and they didn't really need words to communicate anymore. He was patiently leaning on Deon's side and over time he actually snuggled to him, as Deon wrapped one arm around him. He was thankful that Chappie was willing to stay with him in moments like these. He never complained. Dexter came around them few times and Deon just sighed. They reactivated Dexter some time ago, upgrading his AI program, so he was on his tour around the house once again. Deon hated the fact that he can create such complex things, but he can't deal with behavior of one human, that he thought of as a friend. When night came, Deon snuggled into blanket in his bed, and soon Chappie came, with a book. He sat next to his Maker and Deon let him get under the blanket. When Chappie made himself comfortable, leaning into Deon's side, he took out the book. \"Is that…\" Chappie nodded and handed Deon the book. \"The first book you gave me, Black Sheep. Would you read it to me?\" \"Why? Aren't you too old for that?\" \"Nah, I don' think so. You gave me that book, but you never read it for me. I would like to hear you read it to me, at least for once. Please, Deon.\" After a while of Chappie's sad and begging look, Deon finally surrendered and opened the book with a happy sigh. \"Okay, okay, I'll read it to you.\" The answer was a loving and tight hug. \"Thanks, dad, you're the best.\" Deon just chuckled and started to read. Chappie once again looked like a small child, listening to every word of his parent and looking like he hears this story for the first time. He didn't care he heard it many times before; he just loved to listen to his father's voice. When Deon finally finished the book, Chappie was happily lying snuggled to him. \"Thanks.\" \"At least I can make you happy, unlike someone else…\" Chappie's ears rose. \"Do you think Vincent would do something bad?\" \"I hope not…\" Deon suddenly sounded very worried. \"I wish those moments that he spent with us have some meaning to him, so he won't do the stupid mistake like last time. This time it could be even worse, since he worked with us on new Scout program.\" He sighed deeply. \"I just didn't know he feels like this…\" \"Why does he act like this?\" If Deon could, he would take a deep breath right now. \"I should have noticed, it's just like a last time, when you were born. He's acting almost the same way… He gets jealous.\" Chappie looked at Deon curiously. \"What is it like, to be jealous?\" Deon realized Chappie never felt such emotion, so he couldn't understand, well time to tell him. \"It's like, when someone has something you also want, but you don't have it. Vincent is jealous, because I am once again the one who gets the praise and my project has a spotlight. You know, before you were born, things weren't really perfect. Vincent was waiting for years for his success, and he blamed me for ruining it for him. The robot that attacked us back then, Moose, was his greatest accomplishment. He wanted it to succeed and was trying very hard, but, when I invented the Scouts, it just went downhill for him. He started to get jealous, impatient and even angry. He started to hate me, but I didn't realize it until it was too late. I never really paid attention to him, I just knew he wants his robot succeed over mine, but I never thought of him as possible danger. I was wrong. He came to the point when eliminating me and Scouts were the only solution for his situation. That's why he tried to kill us all.\" Chappie was patiently listening and then he made a sound of snort. \"Do you hate him for it?\" \"No.\" Deon shook his head. \"I never hated him, I never wanted to. I just wanted to do my work and accomplish my dream. Unlike him, my dream came true, because you were born, but Vincent… He feels like he lost everything, and he also thinks we are only using him. I don't know how to handle him; I just hope he won't do anything stupid.\" Chappie was silent for a while, but then his ears rose and Deon could see he smiled. \"You care for him.\" Deon didn't respond and he was rather thinking about those words. Yes, he cared for Vincent, that's why he wanted to help him in the first place. \"I guess I do, but maybe just because I don't want him to make any more troubles.\" Deon sighed. \"He must feel lonely sometimes.\" \"Ja, I hope he won't be mad at us for too long. I kinda like him.\" Deon actually smiled for himself, when heard Chappie say that. He himself wouldn't say he likes Vincent, but he cared about him, and that was enough. Maybe it was enough to prevent the past from repeating itself. He needs to let Vincent know it is not like the last time, and they are not using him. He needed to know they care about him. Deon looked at his child. \"I think I know what we need to do.\" Chappie simply nodded. He was glad to hear this. Next day, Deon waited for Vincent in the hall of TetraVaal building, hoping he will show up, after what happened yesterday. It was also possible he would come, but won't be willing to talk or listen. That didn't stop Deon from leaning on the wall and waiting. Leaning on the wall was just a habit by this point, his body didn't get tired, but his mind was used to this. When Vincent finally showed up and spotted Deon, he gave out a big sigh and just wanted to proceed. He walked around Deon, visibly trying to avoid any kind of conversation. His attempt failed, when metal arm grabbed his arm and stopped him right on the place. Finally he turned to his companion and shook his head. \"Deon, would you be that kind and let me go?\" \"We need to talk.\" Vincent shook his head. \"I think we talked enough yesterday. Just let me be, Deon, ignore me. Being near me won't do anything good to you.\" He tried to pull away, but he was still held tight on place. He tried again, but it was clear he wasn't allowed to go anywhere. \"Deon… please, let me go. You are making it worse for both of us.\" \"Please, just a little talk. I won't bother you anymore, when you will go with me now, just for once, please.\" Vincent was looking at him for a while, but in the end he nodded. \"Fine, just a little talk.\" They went outside the building and slowly walked away, knowing Michelle will be probably mad for them not being in work, but they also knew she needs them, so there were no worries. \"So what do you want to tell me?\" Deon turned to ex-soldier, but before he could say a word, Vincent stopped him. \"And before you ask, no, I don't want to do the same stupid mistake as I did last time. I am not shutting Scouts down. I'm not gonna destroy somethin', on which I worked.\" \"Good, so I don't have to worry about that.\" Vincent stopped and stared at orange Scout. \"So you were really thinking about me doing such thing?\" Deon also stopped and then looked at Australaian, well, this was awkward. \"Actually… yes.\" Vincent just shook his head and continued in walking. \"Deon, you're such an idiot. So, what is this all about?\" \"Vincent, do you really think we are just using you?\" There was a deep sigh. \"I don't know, I don't know anything anymore. The only thing I know is that I don't get what I want, and that pisses me off. It's just like before, but this time, I'm not going to get almost whole town destroyed. Deon, tell me, why did you offer me a friendship back then?\" Orange ears rose. \"I already told you. I wanted to help you and that didn't change. I never really hated you, well, let's say I didn't like you very much when you tried to kill me and I was angry at you at first, when we were supposed to work together. You also have a big part of responsibility, why I am like this today, but I don't hate you. Is it that hard to understand?\" Vincent was looking at him for a while and then thought about it. \"I guess I just can't find the reason why you are trying to be nice to me. I never did anything good for you. Out of all people, you are the one who would be able to hate me the most, and yet, you are still trying to make peace between us. Deon, can't you just let it be? I was thinking about what happened yesterday. Maybe we are just too different, and I can't handle the fact you are better than me in something. It will always be like this, it will repeat, again and again, because I can't learn my lesson. I helped you all get where you are now…. Wouldn't it be better for me to leave?\" Deon was surprised when he heard those words. Leave? Suddenly, he heard something. His ears rose and he started to look around, looking for anything suspicious. Vincent recognized this behavior and also looked around, without asking. This day was sunny and warm. For Vincent, sun meant a problem when it came to look up, but Deon's vision was clear, still he couldn't see anything. Maybe he heard something meaningless, hopefully. He was wrong. The next thing he heard was a sound of flying bullet and sound it made when it hit Vincent's arm. There was a cry of pain and Deon could see the blood dropping on the ground. For few seconds he was a in a shock, but his mind was trying to get together again. No, he had to get shit together! Finally, before Vincent could do anything, Deon grabbed him and hide them behind the nearest tree. They couldn't stay here, they had to get away, but at least a little moment was needed to realize what is happening. He started to look at Vincent's arm. \"That's OK, I've been through much worse.\" Deon was very uncomfortably reminded of the moment when he was shot. That made him flinch for a second, but he got himself together quickly \"I must get you to doctor.\" There was another shot, luckily, it missed. \"First we must get out of here. It would be great, if alive.\" Deon gave Vincent a very ironical look. He will get them both out of here, he just will. He also sent Chappie a signal that they are in trouble; it won't take for him to get her with others. Another shot sounded and Deon quickly pulled Vincent close, shielding him from any other possible harm. \"You okay?\" The Australian nodded. \"Yeah. Thanks.\" Next shots came and Deon made his mind clear. It wasn't safe here, mainly for Vincent. Those bullets couldn't hurt him personally, but they could be deadly for a human. He wasn't sure if they should run. Only way was to get their attention, or even attack them. \"Vincent, I want you to go.\" Ex-soldier gave him a very untrusting look. \"What? What about you?\" \"I'll get their attention.\" \"Are you fucking crazy?! Who know what these maniacs have. They might carry EMP weapon, or even a RPG, you never know!\" \"I don't care! GO!\" Vincent snorted. \"I'm not your child, you won't command me. Why can't I stay? You are the one who has got family, not me!\" \"I don't care! Bullets won't kill me, but they will kill you!\" \"What about Chappie?! What if something happens to you?\" Deon stopped himself and his ears lowered. Chappie… This time came a big blast and Vincent clearly recognized a RPG round. God, he hated when he was right! They could hear hard stomps on the ground, noise. What were they supposed to do? Before their next decision could come, a blast came through a tree and there were just bare seconds to decide. That was enough for Deon. Without thinking, he jumped on Vincent and pulled him down on the ground, trying to protect him. For Vincent, it was one big mess. He heard loud explosions; ground flying everywhere and he wasn't exactly sure what was happening. It continued, and for him, it felt like an eternity, when it all suddenly stopped. He opened his eyes slowly, feeling dirt on his face, in mouth, everywhere. His whole body was sore and he couldn't move the arm that was shot, maybe it got hit again. \"Deon…\" He whispered, hoping for an answer, but nothing came. \"Deon…?\" There was nothing, just silence. Vincent also didn't recognize any movement. Oh God, was he also right with EMP?! \"Deon, come on, wake up… please.\" The only answer he got were the voices he didn't know. He heard laughers and cheers. Deon's weight suddenly disappeared and instead it was replaced by the hard stomp on his back. Vincent bite his lip in pain and looked at men that were standing around him. \"HAH. Should we kill him?\" \"Nah, let him be. At least they will know, why they are supposed to be scared. Let's get out of here.\" The last thing that Vincent remembered was a hit into head, and then everything went black. When he woke up, he was hearing voice, but this time it was the one he knew very well. \"Vi...ent!\" He tried to open eyes, and was very glad he succeed. The first thing he saw was Chappie, looking at him and yelling his name. \"Vincent!\" Chappie hugged him tight, with visible relief. \"You woke up!\" \"Chappie…\" He almost couldn't believe how much this young AI cares about him in this moment, but he was so glad he sees a familiar face. But… \"Deon! Where's Deon?!\" Chappie let him go and he started to look around. \"I hoped you know!\" Chappie kneeled beside the man. \"They took him…\" \"What?\" \"There were some men here. They were armed and attacked us. Deon tried to protect me… They had to take him away.\" He looked at Chappie, who even without a human face looked horrified. No, no, that couldn't happen! Vincent could see something was building up inside Chappie in that moment. For first few seconds, the facts were just sinking in, but after that, he started to shake, feeling something he didn't feel for a very long time. Anger, furious anger. Vincent saw Chappie is twitching, shaking and he noticed as he grabbed the ground beneath him. It was all crushed. Even the rocks couldn't stand the pressure. When he let go, all that was in his hand changed into a very soft and sand looking substance. \"Chappie…\" \"I'll find them… I'LL KILL THEM! I'LL KILL THEM ALL!\" Those words stayed in Vincent's head and he felt like they will never go away. He wanted to say something, but suddenly his head started to spin and he started to fall down. Chappie caught him in the last second, and pulled him close, very gently and carefully. It didn't matter he was feeling like he will kill someone soon, he won't hurt the one he cares about. The cars of TetraVaal arrived and he made his mind clear. He'll kill them, make them suffer. Those fuckers will pay, no one will touch his family! ","Summary":" Hi guys. Well, here we are this is the first part of the finale of this seson. I actually thought t"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"I'll be there for you","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11683389","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is maybe the most light hearted story, out of all that I have written and Kirmon's one. So this one is mainly here for humor and bonding. Yeah, make friends. Also, the title is inspired by the song \"I'll be there for you\" it's a Friends therem, but I think you know that already Have fun reading and tell me what you think :) Reviews are really appreciated and remember, all stories are linked on my profile. - Morning finally came. For Chappie, who wasn't sleeping, it was like an eternity. He was lying on couch, making sure the bunny is warm and safe. Sun was finally coming up and Chappie then saw Vincent coming downstairs, silently to not wake anyone. He came to Chappie and kneeled down in front of him. \"I'll take it to vet now... okay?\" Chappie looked at bunny and then back at Vincent. He would like to go too, but he knew he couldn't. He actually trusted Vincent in this case. Since he was already willing to let the bunny in and help it, Chappie had no doubts he will take it to vet and take it home without any sinister ideas. \"Okay.\" Chappie took bunny, which was still sleeping, and snuggled into blanket and carefully gave it to Vincent. In the next moment, the bunny rests in man's arms, without waking up. \"Don't destroy the house, while I'm gone, got it?\" Chappie just nodded. \"Ja.\" They both then turned to Deon, who was still sleeping, but murmuring something. Still, he looked quite happy in his current state and pulls blanket closer. \"He's having a good sleep today,\" Chappie smiled. Vincent remembered their conversation from yesterday and considered this was actually a good thing, because if Deon is in good mood, they will not argue so much. At least some rest for his stressed nerves. Well, he had the work to do now. He left the house and get in the car. There was a box ready on the seat, so he put bunny inside of it. That still didn't look safe enough to him, so he took a seat belt and got it over the box. Good, now it looked safe. When they got in the place, he took bunny in his arms again, and noticed it already woke up. It was curiously looking around, confused where it was. Trying to find an answer, it started to sniff Vincent's hand, but that didn't really help. Still, Vincent rubbed it on back and head, trying to make it calm. They were sitting for some time in the waiting room. The bunny was still nervous, but it was quite happy in Vincent's arms and blanket. It was warm and safe place and that was exactly what this little animal needed. It didn't really mind, when Vincent removed one hand to rub his face and cover his mouth when he yawned. It was still early morning and he didn't sleep that well. He then returned the hand back and pulled bunny closer, rubbing it on back. To be honest, he felt very peaceful right now. He always liked animals, so holding a bunny was very relaxing. He gave it a more detailed look. Bunny was white with black and brown spots, nice combination. The only thing he didn't like right now was how this place was reminding him of a hospital. The bunny didn't mind, it was just happy to be in warmth and be safe. When they finally got to the doctor, Vincent was actually relieved to hear bunny isn't hurt that much. There were just bruises and some flesh injuries, but nothing that would threaten it on life. A good care will fix everything. Doctor also told him that the bunny is female. When everything was clear, Vincent took bunny in his arms again and with some instructions from doctor left the building. Sun was already up and Vincent looked at small and fragile being in his arms. He was sure they are going to keep her, no matter how loud will Deon scream. So there will be some things to buy. He patted bunny on head, right between the ears and she repaid him with sniff of his hand. \"We'll get you your own little house now, okay?\" - When Vincent returned home, it was already afternoon. He was right at the door greeted by Chappie. He gave him the bunny and one look was enough to ask, even without words. \"She's okay. She will just need a lot of food and good care, but she will be fine.\" Chappie's ears perked up. \"She?\" \"Yes, it's a girl.\" \"Coool.\" He patted bunny on head. \"So you're a girl, nice.\" \"I have to get some things inside.\" Vincent rubbed his neck and Chappie looked at him. \"Things?\" \"She needs a place to sleep.\" \"Why didn't anyone ask me? And it's a stray bunny, maybe it's owned by someone, we can't just keep it!\" Deon felt like he was ignored by everyone in the house. First, Chappie brings bunny, then Vincent takes her to vet, and he even returns with stuff for her, which means they are going to keep her and no one even asked, if they really should do it. \"Why not? If we found her, then she's ours. Also, why should we return her to someone, who let her outside and beaten?\" Yolandi folded arms on her chest and gave Deon a serious look. \"But still, she isn't ours! We can't just keep her!\" \"OK, Deon, I'll be nice for once, so, who thinks we should keep the bunny?\" Vincent raised a hand as soon as he finished talking and Chappie immediately mimicked him. Yolandi also raised her hand and they looked at Ninja. \"I don't care.\" He answered, but with all three looks pointed at him, he raised a hand too. He was not going to argue with all of them and he didn't really care if the bunny stays, so it's better to raise a hand. Vincent then turned to Deon. \"Is that enough for you? Also, this is my house, and I want her to stay. So, you will have to deal with it, nerd.\" Vincent then returned to unpacking of things for bunny and Deon sighed deeply. Chappie came to him and his Maker looked at him. \"Deon, please, don't be sad. You won't hurt her. I'm sure you will get used.\" He took Deon's hand and his Maker sighed. \"I hope so, Chappie. I hope.\" Deon sat on the couch and watched Vincent with the others as they were preparing the cage for the bunny. Yolandi took care of food and water, while Chappie watched Vincent getting the cage together and explaining him, how that thing works. It was not really hard to understand, but Chappie was still curious. In the end, Vincent told him to go and spend some time with the bunny, so she won't be nervous. He stayed in room just with Deon, who was lost in his own mind. He was thinking about how this bunny will affect their lives from now on. He was sure Chappie would be responsible, when it comes to care about this small animal, that was making him calm. On the other hand, he was still scared. His own strength was still one big enigma to him. He knew Scouts are strong, but he never tried to use his strength. He was used to take care of Chappie, who was sturdy as him, but he just couldn't imagine how he would take care of such a small fragile being. In the end, he will just have to deal wit it somehow. He managed to give life to Chappie, somehow they managed to survive the week when he was born and Deon managed to overcome problems, when he became a robot. He'll get over this, somehow. He then looked back at Vincent. Deon wouldn't bet on it, but it seemed to him something was wrong, so he continued to watch the older man. When Vincent finally got everything done, he leaned on the table and sighed. He looked tired, almost sleepy. Vincent let himself drift into a world of his mind and thoughts. For a moment he let down his guard and dared to rest. He just couldn't wait to have some sleep, being disturbed by no one and enjoying the silence... \"Vincent.\" He finally got free from his dizzy mind and looked at Deon, who was staring at him with a nervous look. \"Are you OK? You look dizzy.\" Deon sounded worried and Australian was staring back at him with a tired face. Still, he shook his head. \"I'm fine.\" Vincent sighed and tried to get himself together. No, he had to be strong. There was no reason to give Deon any doubts. This wasn't a time to take rest. He was fine. Yes, he was fine… \"Vincent!\" It was matter of seconds, but Deon managed to catch older man and hold him up. Vincent didn't show any reaction and Deon, not knowing what else to do held ex-soldier in his arms, leaning him on his chest and shoulder. What was happening? Yes, Deon knew something was wrong with him, but he didn't expect him to faint. What also surprised him was that, he managed to use his strength without hurting Vincent. Well, that was a shocking and pleasant surprise. The best solution was now to sit Vincent on the floor and lean him on wall. Deon then started to shake with him. \"Vincent, wake up, wake up!\" There came relief, when Vincent started to open eyes and rub his face. After a while of trying he was finally able to look at Deon without a blurry vision. \"Deon… what happened?\" He was looking around, confused. \"You fainted, that's what happened!\" He grabbed the older man by shoulders and started to shake with him again. \"Why are you so stubborn and stupid?! If you are not feeling well, tell us! Or have rest!\" \"Why do you even care…\" \"Oh, excuse me that I do care about someone with who I am supposed to work and I currently live with!\" Deon snapped and folded arms on his chest. He was about to start his grumpy mood, when he noticed Vincent held his side and whimpered, still visibly trying to look like nothing is happening. Deon's ears rose. \"Does it hurt?\" \"No…\" Another whimper escaped Vincent, even when he was trying to hide it. That was enough for Deon. He grabbed Vincent's arm, getting it out of way and even when there were protests, he touched the place. Vincent whined in pain and Deon carefully raised the shirt the see the big scar that was hidden under it. Right… He understood now. \"That's not the only one.\" Deon turned to look into light brown eyes. \"You were moved to robot body to survive. I had surgery, they say it was internal bleeding.\" Deon was thinking for a while, trying to figure everything that Chappie could do to him. \"Is there something more?\" \"Broken arm, leg, nose… some other minor stuff. They managed to fix me pretty alright…\" \"It must hurt so much.\" Vincent actually grinned. \"Yeah… It does. It bloody hurts, every time I move. Still, I managed to hide it so well that all of you couldn't even notice.\" His eyes closed and he smiled. \"Soldier must take pain well, or he won't survive. Look for how long I managed to fool you all. Now you got me…\" Deon couldn't almost believe what he was hearing. Vincent was the whole time faking he is feeling fine, when he was actually suffering with horrible pains. Every time he moved, Deon shivered when he thought about these words. On one hand, he had to admire Vincent, how much pain he could take and not show any signs of it. On the other hand, he was getting angry with him. He should say something, maybe there was something that could help. \"Why didn't you tell us?\" \"Why would I, Deon? Remember, I hate you. I didn't want to give you any signs of me being weak and giving you any chance to do something.\" Yes, that was logical. Still, Deon felt angry. \"So you fainted because of pain?\" \"That, and exhaustion. I don't sleep very much and well these days.\" He looked at the cage. \"But that doesn't mean I won't do what is needed.\" He put head on his knees and took a deep breath. He just wanted to take a nap; the pain would maybe go away. Deon also looked at cage and then back at Vincent. \"...Can I help you somehow?\" Vincent looked at him, tired. \"No. The body must heal by itself; you can't do anything about it. Still… thanks for catching me.\" Suddenly Chappie appeared in the room, holding bunny with one arm. \"Is everything OK?\" Vincent expected that Deon will immediately tell Chappie, about how much he was fooling them, but there came a surprise. \"Yeah, everything's OK. Look, the cage is ready.\" Chappie came to cage and started to look at it very carefully. He then held the bunny close to it. \"What do you think?\" The cage was sniffed and Chappie smiled, when he saw bunny was just as happy as he was. \"Looks like she likes it.\" He then took bunny in one arm again and cage in second one. \"Thank you, Vincent.\" Australian just smiled. \"You're welcome, just be careful, bunnies are fragile.\" \"Ja, I'll be careful.\" He left and Deon sighed, but it was proof of happiness. That bunny gave Chappie so many things to think about. He then turned to Vincent. \"Why didn't you tell him?\" Deon impishly put finger to his face. \"I think I can keep this as secret. I don't think you would be happy, if Yolandi would be running all around you and telling you, what to do to feel better.\" He winked at Vincent. \"Still…\" He kneeled next to ex-soldier. \"Can I help you somehow?\" After a while Vincent finally answered. \"I would like a coffee.\" Since this little accident happened, Deon and Vincent didn't talk to each other. Vincent decided to go to his bedroom and have some rest. The fact he fainted actually scared him. He couldn't remember when something like this happened to him for the last time, and he wasn't going to let it happen again. Deon stayed in the living room and was joined by Yolandi and Chappie. They sat next to the window and Yolandi started to teach Chappie how to feed bunny. She was already old enough to eat regular bunny food, so they got some grass outside, together with food that Vincent brought. To Chappie, it looked very similar, like when he was feeding Tek. The bunny always sniffed the food, and then started to carefully eat it. After few more pieces, she started to eat without a break to sniff the food and gratefully eat anything they gave her. Chappie was also fascinated by the fact that Tek and bunny were actually getting along. They didn't show any aggression towards each other and Chappie just had to adore how these two different beings can get along. If only humans would be like that… Deon was watching them for some time, and he had to wonder. Yolandi had the same strength as him and Chappie, but she wasn't afraid to hold animals, and she was actually doing very well. Deon had to remember Chappie was always very careful with things and the same went for animals, so he was really the only one afraid of his own strength. Still, he managed to catch Vincent without hurting him; maybe it wasn't so bad after all. \"Deon.\" He looked up to see Chappie who came to him with bunny in his arms. He sat next to his Maker and Yolandi sat on Deon's other side. Oh no, they were going to ask him about something. \"Would you pat her? I know you don't feel confident enough to hold her, yet, but would pat her? She is really soft.\" \"I'm not sure…\" \"Come on, Deon, just put your hand on her, nothing more.\" Deon still wasn't sure about this. Yolandi was right; he would just put a hand on her, that shouldn't do anything bad. Still… \"Come, let me help you.\" He looked at Yolandi and very shy and unsure gave her his hand. She took it and very slowly and gently put it on bunny's back. Deon was shivering like crazy, but when his hand made contact with the fur and it stayed there for few seconds, he started to calm down. Yolandi was still holding him by arm. After a whole minute she dared to withdraw her hand and together with Chappie watched Deon. To their pleasant surprise he started to rub bunny, very gently and carefully. Chappie's ears perked up and he looked at Deon. \"See? It isn't hard.\" \"Yeah, she's so soft.\" Deon smiled and looked surprised when bunny started to sniff his hand. \"Just don't make me hold her, I still think I can't do that.\" \"Okay.\" Yolandi agreed and Chappie just nodded, happy they at least made some progress. Michelle came later that day, with bags full of stuff. Deon was right there to help her carry all things. They came into living room and she sat on the couch. In the next second, her sight got fixed on bunny that was sitting on the couch next to her. \"What is this?\" \"That's a bunny, miss.\" Chappie appeared out of nowhere, beside her head and she looked at him in surprise, then she looked back at bunny. Animal didn't seem to mind her at all. \"I know it's a bunny, but where did you get it?\" She looked at Deon, whose ears just dropped down and he shook his head nervously. \"I found her.\" Chappie answered without any shame, or doubt. \"Her? Found her? You were outside?! Did someone see you?!\" Deon felt he is starting to panic, oh no, this was bad. What should he do? Why did Chappie have to be so honest with everything?! Oh, he was a child… that's why. Rather a teenager, but he still didn't feel a need to lie. Before he could say something more, he was stopped. \"He wanted to say that I found her, and then gave her to him.\" Deon's ears rose when he heard Vincent's voice and Australian then appeared beside Chappie. He looked at young Scout. \"Is that right?\" Chappie understood in second and realized what he did wrong, so he nodded. \"Ja, that's right.\" Michelle was looking at them for a few seconds, visibly processing everything they said. In the end, she decided to just nod and looked at the bunny. She reached out to animal and her hand was sniffed. \"What's her name?\" They all looked at each other. Right, they forgot to name her. \"We don't know yet.\" Chappie answered. \"Well, you should think of something. Anyway, today we are going to have some fun.\" Chappie was actually the only one, who didn't get scared because of this sentence. Deon and Vincent knew very well their boss' sense of humor and it sent shivers down their spine. She wanted them all to go out from the living room. Deon remembered when it was New Year party and she got drunk, that was something that every employee of TetraVaal remembered. He hoped it wouldn't be anything crazy this time. He then came to Vincent and whispered. \"So, did you get some sleep?\" \"A little.\" \"Thanks for help with explaining, where we got that bunny.\" Vincent looked at Deon. \"I did it, because I don't want her to go crazy, I'm not in the mood to calm her down, Deon.\" Deon stared at Vincent for a while and he was actually pleasantly surprised how well Australian could be reasoned with. He was right; they didn't need any more panic over here. When Michelle got everything ready, they sit together in living room. Bunny was sitting on Chappie's lap, visibly willing to be part of this meeting. Michelle was also very glad that Vincent wasn't protesting anymore and he didn't mind to be in one room with them all, unlike yesterday. She then decided to get out her main attraction. \"Since people are getting along very well, when playing games, I decided we all will play… Monopoly.\" In that moment everyone gasped. They started to shake heads, burry faces into their hands, moan and asking God, why he is punishing them so much. The only one who was calm was Chappie, who was confused by other's behavior. What was so horrible about a board game? \"Oh, come one, act like adults! It's just a game.\" Vincent looked at her with ironic look. \"Why, Michelle? You know, I was starting to abandon the idea of killing myself. Now I'm starting to think about it again...\" \"It's not just a game, it's Monopoly. I think that not even all wars of the world made as many conflicts as this thing.\" Everyone looked at Deon after that sentence and Michelle just snorted in annoyance. \"We're going to play it, and I'm taking a dog figure, to let you all know. Chappie, you will take care of the bank, you are the most dependable one here, also, Ninja, stop stealing money from bank, we didn't even begin yet!\" Ninja stopped to take colorful papers from the box. \"Sorry. It's a habit.\" It took maybe half of hour before the board was thrown out of the room, followed by box and all stuff that game contained. Deon then yelled. \"Hey! Ninja still owes me one whole million!\" They then sat in the living room and Michelle sighed. \"Ok… No more Monopoly. Bad idea.\" \"I think I have a better idea…\" Vincent got everyone's attention and in the next moment he started to plug in the consoles. \"Video games?\" Deon asked and Chappie's ears perked up, he always wanted to play games. \"Why not? Nothing can do such harm as Monopoly, so this can get only better.\" Michelle just sighed and decided to get herself a coffee. She was actually followed by Yolandi. When everything was ready, Chappie made a suggestion. \"We can play in teams.\" \"Good idea. Wanna be with me, boy?\" Ninja asked him right away and Chappie asked himself, why not? Let's have fun. \"Ja.\" Vincent turned to Deon. \"Want to be in the winning team, nerd?\" Deon returned him the look and after a while nodded. \"Okay, but you need to keep up with me.\" Meanwhile, Michelle was spinning spoon in her cup of coffee and Yolandi was petting a bunny that was sitting on table. \"They are like small kids.\" Michelle groaned and Yolandi nodded. \"Ja, but we can't do anything about that.\" She petted bunny again and it gratefully leaned against her hand. Yolandi smiled, but she and Michelle turned in direction of living room when they heard loud laughers. \"Are we going to let them have all the fun?\" Michelle took a sip of her coffee. \"No. Let's join them.\" They returned back to living room and sat next to others and Michelle asked. \"Can we join you, gentlemen?\" They all looked at two women who were visibly willing to join their fun. Ninja then leaned on side, close to them. \"You sure? This is game for real men.\" Michelle didn't say anything, she just took controller. \"Bring it.\" Hours passed, no one was really looking at clock and checking time. They spent all day by playing video games and they were actually having a very good time. Yes, they were still arguing time by time, but it never ruined the fun. Chappie was the one who was observing and realizing this moment the most. This was actually the first time when they were having fun as a group, no one was angry, no one was yelling. They were genuinely enjoying this. For him, it was fascinating, because he never saw anything like this. He noticed that even Deon relaxed, laughed and wasn't shy in this moment. All that stress he was going through was suddenly gone. It was like all barriers suddenly vanished and they could be happy. Right now, past didn't matter. Chappie wondered how long it would last. For God's sake, even Ninja was friendly and willing to communicate with others. Chappie then turned to Vincent. He felt like he is looking at totally different man. Vincent was also laughing, telling jokes and he didn't mind playing with anyone. There was no anger, no hate in his eyes. Yes, Chappie wished he could see Vincent more like this, but he didn't know if he ever will. Still, he will cherish this moment. He petted bunny again and she looked at him with her big eyes, raising her ears. When they finally finished, they sat in the kitchen to eat something. Michelle smiled. \"I totally wrecked all of you.\" \"Nope.\" Ninja answered her and Michelle stabbed him with look. \"I did.\" Deon just shrugged, not really wanting to get into this debate. He took the cup of tea and left the room, going to garden. Chappie noticed him going away, but he didn't bother to follow him, or ask where he is going. Instead he gave bunny something to eat and watched as she was slowly and happily chewing it. Deon closed the door behind him and looked at Vincent who was sitting on the edge of house and looking up at sky. He was not really sure if this is a good idea at all, but it was worth a try. He slowly came to Vincent and offered him a cup. Australian looked at him, confused. \"I thought you would like some tea.\" He felt a bit awkward, when he was saying it, but he knew it was worth, when Vincent actually smiled and took it from him. \"Thanks.\" He drank a little and Deon sat next to him, also looking up at the sky. There were so many stars today. He should really get Chappie a telescope one day; the night sky would for sure fascinate him. \"Deon.\" He returned to reality, when he heard Vincent's voice. He turned to him. \"What is it like, to live in robot body?\" \"Strange. I think that's the best word to describe it. It was much worse in the beginning, but I'm still getting used. Why?\" \"Just curious…\" Vincent leaned on the wall and yawned. Even fun could be exhausting. He actually had to admit he was having fun today. He couldn't deny that. Deon suddenly stood up. \"Well, I'm also going to get some sleep. Good night.\" He came to door and opened it. \"Good night, Deon.\" Orange Scout turned to look at Australian. \"Thanks.\" He then left and Vincent just sighed, putting head on his knees. Meanwhile in the house, Ninja was trying to feed bunny, giving her a piece of banana. \"Come on, come on, little buddy.\" \"Ninja, I don't think she's hungry.\" Chappie and Michelle nodded, when Yolandi talked, but Ninja refused that. \"Come on, take it.\" Bunny just sniffed and licked his hand, but that was it. She made up her mind, she won't eat now. Ninja wanted to yell at her, but he stopped, when he realized he did the same thing with Chappie when he was born. Also, Chappie was looking right at him. To be honest, Ninja felt a little guilty, when he looked at the bunny. She was found out and beaten. He was uncomfortably reminded of what he did to Chappie back then. So, in the end, he put down banana and just patted her on the back. \"Good girl, good.\" Chappie visibly relaxed and looked at Michelle. \"Well, I think I'm going. I need to go to work tomorrow.\" Scout looked at little dog figure in her pocket. \"You are still keeping that figure from Monopoly?\" \"Of course, it's a dog, every dog is a good dog.\" When Michelle left, others went to sleep; only Chappie was awake, as always. He was looking at the bunny and thinking. Then he looked at Deon who was visibly having peaceful dreams. The bunny snuggled to his chest and Chappie started to think again. \"We need a name for you.\" Throughout the whole night, Chappie was thinking. Yes, they needed name for bunny, but he was also thinking about something else. The bunny was soft to touch, and it reminded him he should start to work on new sensors, but he remembered on sudden feeling of sadness and disappointment, realizing he will never be able to touch his loved ones as humans. Luckily, Deon was sleeping well this night, so Chappie could think and not deal with nightmares of his Maker. He had to find a way, there had to be a way. He didn't care if it will take years, he will solve this problem. Scout body wasn't meant to host a human's mind, they needed something better. Chappie started to browse his memory and stopped at the day when he was born. He remembered their faces so well, and regretted so much he can't see them smile anymore. If only he could turn back time. Chappie looked at Deon again and sighed. Even with everything that he accomplished so far, he felt like a small child right now, not knowing how to help. There was definitely a way; he just didn't find it yet. Young Scout leaned on the couch, and then noticed his sketchbook, lying on the table. Well, if Deon can't smile at him anymore, he will draw him smile. Why not? It didn't take that long for Deon to wake up, sun was already lazily going up, and Deon noticed his child sitting next to him. Bunny was snuggled to his side, visibly not bothering to sleep in cage for this night. His eyes then got fixed on Chappie, so he was drawing again. \"What are you drawing?\" Chappie turned to his Maker, who was looking at his hands that were holding paper and pencil. Young robot didn't look very sure about answering; it was like he was afraid to tell the truth. Deon denied that option, Chappie was never afraid to talk to him; maybe he was embarrassed about something? \"Can I look?\" He asked very politely and Chappie after few seconds nodded. \"Ja.\" Deon sat next to his child and looked at offered paper. He expected many things, that Chappie could draw, but his ears rose in surprise, he certainly didn't expect this. Chappie was watching him, almost like he expected to be scolded for some reason. Deon then finally turned to him. \"You are drawing me?\" \"Ja.\" Chappie nodded humbly and his ears went down, so he was looking like a beaten puppy. Deon chuckled and his sight returned to the sheet of paper, wondering why Chappie decided to draw him, as a human. It started to feel strange, looking at your own face at paper, knowing you don't look like that anymore. He was practically looking at his own past. That made him sigh and looked at Chappie whose ears lowered and he rubbed his hands nervously. \"You are sad, aren't you? I shouldn't show it to you…\" Deon was looking at him with both sadness and awe. He understood very well this choice, and adored that Chappie was so caring and feelings of others meant so much to him. On the other hand, it was sad and true. Memories were very dangerous thing these days, even when Deon was trying to control his feelings, thought of the past life made him depressed most of the time. Chappie had a point. He looked at paper again. \"Why did you even want to draw me? There are so many other more interesting things than me.\" It took a while, but answer finally came. \"I wanted to see you smile again…\" Deon actually dropped the paper on the couch, when he heard that and stared at his child. \"See me smile?\" \"Ja… I have recordings of every minute of my life, since I was born… Sometimes I go back to moments, when you were smiling at me. I thought it would be a great thing to draw… I feel so sorry you can't smile at me like that anymore. I guess I just wanted something that wasn't just in my head, but in real world, where I can see that smile.\" Chappie looked at his Maker, who was giving him a long stare \"Oh, Chappie…\" \"I'm sorry for making you sad again.\" He looked down, feeling ashamed and guilty. His ears rose, when Deon pulled him close and patted him on face gently. \"Chappie… You never stop to amaze me. And you are too hard on yourself, just like me.\" \"I don't want you to be sad, I want you to be happy, but I feel like no matter what I do, you will always be sad.\" Chappie whimpered and leaned close to his Maker, just like a little child who would want to hide in its parent's arms. \"I wish I could do more for you…\" \"You are doing your best. You have done so much good and got us so far.\" \"That's still not enough.\" Chappie sighed deeply and Deon could hear his own words. He felt like this his whole life. Always hoping he will get better and poor Chappie was suffering, because of same feelings. Well, now he had to act like a father and help his child, not think about his life problems. He pulled him close and hid him in his embrace. \"It will get better, just be patient. I'm not mad at you and I'm not sad, I'm just glad you are here with me.\" Chappie smiled in his own way. \"Really?\" Deon nodded and patted his child on head. \"Yeah, and remember no matter what happens, I will always love you.\" Chappie finally raised his ears and made himself comfortable in Deon's embrace, pulling one of his Maker's arms close to himself. \"Love you too… Dad.\" Chappie then flinched, when he realized what he said. Okay, now was maybe the right time to leave… \"Dad…\" Deon sounded confused, but he wasn't going to let Chappie go. There was that awkward silent moment between them and Chappie was counting every second of it. Then he finally decided to talk. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to call you like that, Deon.\" Chappie didn't really know what to expect, maybe he just should try to get away. He felt extremely awkward, and he didn't like it, just like humans. After the whole minute of silence, he could hear sobs. Oh no, he made Deon cry, that's exactly what he didn't want to happen. Deon finally let him go, so Chappie sat up and looked right into his Maker's eyes. \"So that's how you think of me?\" Chappie wasn't sure in what state Deon is right now. Well, he wasn't angry, but he couldn't figure out anything else. Still, since his Maker was always sincere to him, he will do the same. \"Ja… For some time actually.\" Deon sobbed again. \"Why didn't you tell me earlier?\" \"I thought you will be angry, or you won't like it, since..\" \"Since you call Ninja as \"daddy\", but to be honest… I didn't hear you use that word for some time now.\" Chappie nodded. \"Ninja is not my dad… I was thinking about it for some time. You are the one who gave me life and took care of me, just because I am dear to you. That's what being a father means… Ninja is more like my uncle, but I was afraid to tell you, thinking you won't like me calling you like that.\" Deon was looking at his child for maybe ten seconds and then shook his head. \"Chappie.\" He spread his hands in welcoming gesture. \"Come here, my boy.\" Chappie looked at his Maker and he was happy to see Deon isn't mad or sad. There was joy in his voice and body language. He rushed into his Maker's embrace and hugged him tight. \"So you're not mad?\" \"No, I was just… surprised. I like it a lot. I just never even hoped you will call me like this.\" Deon sobbed in happiness. \"So I can call you like this?\" \"Yeah, you can.\" This was such a weird little scene, at least that's what Vincent thought. He went around and got curious when he heard them talk. So he was standing behind the wall and listening. Damn Michelle and her attempts to make him like them. He hated she was right. He had to admit it to himself, he was getting attached, even when he didn't want to, and every moment like this was making it harder and harder for him to reject them. Still, what did Chappie mean by that, he wished he could do more for them? He saved their lives, even when it meant to get them into robot bodies, what more did he want to do? This time he was rather curious than horrified, because it became very clear to him that Chappie was only trying to help Deon and Yolandi. He didn't want to rule the world or begin wars. Yes, and this was the kid that he tried to kill. Vincent didn't want to feel guilty, but it was there, he was guilty. Chappie was a child, and back then he was even more innocent and just wanted to survive. Now all he could think about was helping others. Vincent took a deep breath; he didn't want to accept Chappie as a living being. Well… he could try something. Yes, let's test Chappie. That wasn't a bad idea. ","Summary":" This is maybe the most light hearted story, out of all that I have written and Kirmon's one. So thi"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Human, All Too Human","Author":"Invisible Ranger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11115906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Human, All Too Human by Invisible Ranger (HBF), 2015 Disclaimer: Chappie and its characters belong to N. Blomkamp/MRC/Sony. Author's Notes: First of all, thanks to my Wrecking Kru for their ongoing support. When I saw Chappie, I saw some, if not all, of the traits associated with autism in young children. As someone on the autism spectrum myself, I felt inspired to write this short piece. The title is taken from Nietzsche's work of the same name…no relation at all there except the title itself, because as far as I know, he never wrote about South African gangsta robots. ~~s~~ Mommy looks at me. I like it when she looks at me. \"Look,\" she says. She is holding something. \"This is a doll . I want you to have it, Chappie.\" It is another Mommy, a smaller Mommy. Is it her child too? She can't be, because she doesn't talk like I do. Maybe she is just sleeping. I don't think so. I like her anyway. Maybe I can put her with my book and my chicken. She can be friends with them, be their Mommy. \"Doll,\" I say back. I have learned a lot of new words today. Some of them are strange, like banana and Mr. Hankey and kak . But I remember them all. I can't wait to use them. Mommy's mouth turns up. That is called a smile. \"Good! Now, wait for me, Chappie. Play with your doll. I'll be right back.\" She doesn't say where she is going. Maybe to the toilet . I don't know why, but I never get to go there. I could go with her and ask. I stand up. \"It's okay. I promise I won't be long,\" she says. \"You be good and play.\" So I play with my Mommy-doll. I pet her hair and tell her I love her. She doesn't talk back when I talk to her. She doesn't even make noise like Chicken does. I decide to keep her anyway, for when Mommy is gone. I want to learn more new words. So I can ask Mommy about them when she comes back. I leave the doll where she is, on the table , and tell her I'll be back to get her. There are so many things in Mommy and Daddy's house. Daddy says I shouldn't touch things, except the ones he says. Daddy isn't here now. He is working . I asked what this meant. Mommy said it was something grown-ups do, and I am not grown-up yet. I want to go to work someday. I hope there are no scary things at work, because am scared of some of the things, like the grenade launcher and the boomvak . They are so loud. Not like the teevee where I can make it quiet if I want. Daddy is trying to teach me new things like Mommy, and he gets angry. He says words I don't understand. I don't like it when Daddy calls me a poes . When he did that, I felt bad. He says I need to be tough like him. Maybe it means that I'm not scared when things are loud. So I will try not to be scared. I didn't tell him that I don't want to be tough . I want to be like Mommy. She isn't back yet. I will look for her. I have learned a lot of the words in the kitchen already. Then there is the place where Mommy and Daddy sleep . That is another thing I don't do, like eat and drink . I want to see what kind of things they have there. So many colors, which I already know the names of. Redandpinkandblueandyellowandblack. I can see them as I think of them. Pretty, like Mommy. Color makes me feel good, just like the music Mommy played for me. There is a new color too among the ones I already know. I am excited. It is somewhere between pink and blue, and I don't have a name for it yet. It's my new favorite. I want to ask Mommy about it when she comes back. The thing is small, almost like a torch or the remote control for the teevee. When I press the button, the teevee doesn't work. Instead, the new thing starts to move and shake. I drop it. It's not scary, I'm just surprised. When I pick it up, it is still moving. I hold it in my hand. It is funny, this pink and blue thing. It makes me feel good, and I decide I like it. I'll keep it and put it in my box. \"Chappie? What you doing in here?\" Mommy's voice. She doesn't sound mad like Daddy, so I turn around and answer her. \"Look. I have a new special toy!\" I show her. \"What color is this, Mommy?\" Her face looks strange. Then, her eyes get bigger. \"That's not a toy. Well, it is, but…\" She looks down. \"I didn't mean to leave that sitting out. Give it here?\" \"It's not a toy?\" This makes me sad. \"I still want to keep it. Please, Mommy.\" \"That's mine. I really need you to give it to me.\" Now, she seems more like Daddy. Like she's angry with me. \"Mommy said I was supposed to learn new things. This is new,\" I say. It is. So bright and pink-and-blue and full of the same feeling as me. The other toys aren't like that. Just like I'm not like Mommy and Daddy. I've never seen Mommy act angry before. \"Look, Chappie, that's not for you. Here, look,\" she says, and she picks up a pink shirt from her bed. \"Don't you want this instead? It's so nice and soft…\" \"I want this.\" And I do. Mommy sits on the bed. I sit next to her, since I like being close, but I keep holding my pink-and-blue toy so she can't have it. \"Do you know what grown-up things are, Chappie?\" I think so. \"Like things Daddy teaches me?\" Maybe the new toy is loud. It doesn't seem like that. \"Yes. Just like that. There are things Mommy and Daddy have that are just for them, and things made just for you.\" I cycle through my growing list of words. \"I know, Mommy. Like Chicken and Doll?\" I feel so smart for knowing this. \"Those are Chappie's toys. This,\" and she reaches out gently, pointing to my new toy which isn't really mine after all. \"This is Mommy's. It's very special and private. Do you know private, Chappie?\" That is a new word. \"What does that mean?\" \"Private is, well, when you have something that is only for you. Something you keep in your heart, and never show to anyone, except when you want.\" Mommy touches me where my heart would be. That is also something people have that I don't, but I know what it is. \"You understand?\" This is a little confusing. \"How does Mommy keep toys in her heart?\" I thought people were full of blood and bones and things like that. I can't see how there would be room for anything else. She laughs . This is such a wonderful sound. \"It's a figure of speech, you naughty boy. But remember, this is Mommy's. You want to make Mommy happy, don't you?\" Of course. There is nothing I want more than that. I hand her the little toy. \"What color is this, Mommy?\" I realize I forgot to ask, and so I do. \"Oh. Purple. Or lavender, I guess,\" she says. \"You like that color?\" I like the sounds of them. Purple. La-ven-der. They make me think of Mommy. \"Yes. Can I at least play with the toy sometime?\" Now Mommy can't stop laughing. Maybe people laugh when they are happy. \"Not this one. I think I have a broken one somewhere. I can let you have that. But you have to promise me one thing, Chappie. Keep it private. \" I think I can keep words inside easier than the toy. \"What?\" \"Don't tell Daddy about this. He might…get upset.\" Since I don't like it when Daddy is angry, and calls me poes and mompie , I say, \"Yes, anything you want, Mommy. Chappie promises .\" Mommy hugs me. I don't know why, but I feel so much better than I did when I held the toy. It's like I have found something I love better than anything. I don't want her to stop. \"Never stop being you, Chappie. Promise?\" \"Yes, I promise.\" I do still want to play with the toy, though. \"Can Mommy get me another toy?\" She looks at me with her mouth turned a little bit up. It is almost a smile, but not quite. \"You've got to learn some patience. And how to share.\" \"What is patience ? And what is share ?\" Mommy lets out a little air. This is called a sigh . \"Well, let me explain,\" she says as she puts the purple toy back in my hand. I can't wait to learn. Even if patience and share are bad. Finis ","Summary":" Human, All Too Human by Invisible Ranger (HBF), 2015 Disclaimer: Chappie and its characters belong "},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Anywhere for you - Part 1","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11751346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE: As I said earlier, ff. net is screwing up and didn't add the last part of previous season into Chappie folder, if you didn't read it, read it first here: s/11739593/1/Still-alive-Part-2 Or got to my profile and find it Before you read this story Hey guys, so it's finally here. It comes sooner than I expected, but since exams are going so well, let's post this new story. So, we are back in the town, have fun and please give me some feedback :) Oooh, how I missed this. Door opened and somebody came in. A bag was dropped on the floor and there could be heard complains about a mess. There were slow steps as the person almost carefully looked around the rooms. There was nothing, nothing he looked for, or rather no one. When another door opened, there could be heard a sound of chewing. A small cuddly bunny looked at intruder, who dared to disturbed her in her meal, but she continues anyway. She also didn't pay attention to words that came after. \"He's not home…\" \"He did it again?\" Deon wished so much he could say otherwise, but the facts didn't let him. \"Yeah.\" Once again he tried to adjust the glasses he no longer had and sighed. \"Can you find him by signal?\" \"Yeah.\" \"So what's the problem?\" Deon frowned after hearing these words and gave Vincent an annoyed look. He knew very well the Australian is able to read his emotions by now. \"I hate when he does this. He doesn't even tell me, he just goes. I'm so glad he never actually shut the signal down, so I can always find him, but I don't understand why he does that. He didn't do that before…\" \"That day happened.\" Vincent finished the sentence and then rubbed his neck. Deon just nodded, he didn't need to say anything. \"Does Michelle know about this?\" Deon's ears rose and he pulled Australian close by his shirt. \"No, and she mustn't know about this. We must handle it somehow; I don't want her to have any more doubts about Chappie.\" \"Ok, got it, mate. But…\" \"What?\" Vincent grinned impishly. \"I am honored you like my presence so much, Deon, but can you let me go?\" Deon looked at his hand that was still gripping the shirt and he let go. \"Thanks, I feel free as a butterfly. So, what do you want to do?\" \"Don't know, but I guess we should pick him up… the work is done for today, isn't it?\" \"Yeah. I'll just take some stuff and we can go. The truth is Michelle wanted us to stay here longer for today, buuut…\" \"If she doesn't know about it…\" Deon continued and Vincent grinned. \"She won't be mad. Here, take keys and start up the car, ok? Ya think you can handle such difficult task?\" He handed Deon the keys. \"Well, I'll try.\" Vincent watched his friend leave and then headed back to his workstation. Michelle didn't really have to know about everything. They weren't breaking law or anything after all. Vincent packed things from the table into his bag and sighed deeply. He hoped things would get better after all that shit they have been through, but it looks like it's not over yet. He actually understood Chappie's behavior, but he didn't like it. That boy was having some mental problems right now. Vincent didn't have to be his parent to see that. Chappie started to act more serious; he didn't talk as much as before and spent far more time alone. He was always ready to answer, when they were calling him, or come to help, but he just wasn't as communicative as before. Something was wrong with him. Vincent looked on the side of room to see a big machine that was standing there and gazing at him. Yes, this time it will be different. He couldn't wait when it's all finished. Vincent came around machine and clapped in on side. \"Stay here, girl.\" He turned the lights off and then closed the door. Now there was a journey through hallway. Vincent was really glad people stopped to hate him, well, they still didn't like him, but at least they weren't giving him death glares anymore. Looks like risking his own life was enough to prove he won't burn this place down and get everyone unemployed, again. It also looked like Ninja was once again spending time by talking with others and drinking beer, than actually working. Vincent didn't honestly care today. He never actually told on Ninja, when he wasn't working, so why start now? He got into car and looked at Deon, who was already belted, but he was visibly sleeping. Australian waved a hand in front of his friend's face, but there was no reaction. So he was really sleeping. Australian started to shake with Deon, first gently, but then he lost the patience. \"Deoon, wake up. We have work to do.\" Deon wasn't visibly happy to be woken up like this, but there were no protests. \"Yeah, right…\" \"You are really cute, when you are sleeping like a princess, but you should sleep at home.\" Deon yawned and nodded. \"I know… I try to have some sleep, but I just can't.\" \"You're having nightmares again?\" Deon gave him a simple nod and his ears dropped. \"I thought that stopped.\" \"It started to happen again, after that day when they kidnapped me and… I saw Chappie…\" \"I know.\" He clapped Deon on the back. \"It'll get better; let's pick up your kid. But first I must make myself sure you didn't steal anything from here.\" Deon's ears rose up rapidly and he screeched. \"What?!\" \"Well, you can't be trusted when it comes to keeping things of others on place. After all, you were the one who stole police droid, like it was a pencil.\" \"Hey!\" Vincent just chuckled and patted Deon on head. \"You're so easy to tease. Let's go for Chappie. Where is he?\" \"He's…\" Deon started to look into a digital map that was contained in his mind. He was still learning how to work this stuff and it was making him dizzy sometimes. There was still a long way to go, before he really learns how to live inside this body. Chappie was always there to help him, but it could be a real nightmare. Oh god, how is he going to deal with this for the whole eternity? When he finally found his son's location, he was surprised. \"What is he doing there?\" \"Hm?\" Vincent was leaning on the steering wheel and waiting for next instructions and he was rather curious where they are going. They arrived on the place and Deon sighed deeply, how long was it since he saw this place? He never got an idea to return here, but looks like Chappie did. Vincent also recognized the place, but had entirely different memories of this location. \"Why would he return here?\" Ex-soldier gave Deon a questioning look and the orange Scout started to walk towards the building. \"Because he was born here.\" Vincent blinked in surprise. Right, that made sense. \"Did I ever tell you how he was born and what happened back then?\" \"Not yet.\" \"Remind me to tell you, you will laugh a lot.\" Vincent chuckled and followed Deon into the building. They walked through large empty spaces, Vincent looking around and noticing small details. Deon continued, even when Vincent stopped to look at something in better detail. Old memories started to appear and Deon was very glad he found Chappie before he got too lost in his own mind. Blue eyes gazed at him and there was clearly no surprise, it was like Chappie expected him to come. \"Chappie, what are you doing here?\" \"I just wanted to see this place again…\" \"And you can be alone here, right?\" \"Ja…\" Chappie rubbed his arms and lowered head. His Maker sighed; it devastated him to see his creation like this. It looked like his child was hiding from the whole world. Deon sat in front of him and pulled him close. \"It's okay, it will be all okay. I promise.\" Chappie didn't say anything, but he hold on to Deon, hiding in his father's arms. It was so strange to realize how things turned around. Earlier he was the one who needed Chappie's comfort and help. Even so much he felt useless himself. Now it was different and Chappie was the one who needed comfort. Even when he was older and much mature than before, he had his own demons he had to fight. Deon understood this was new for him. He never before had to think about such grim things. He was also sure Chappie would be fine, he just needed time to adjust to these new emotions. Deon knew by now that his child was very strong and endurable when it came to mentality, he just needed time. \"Let's go home.\" Meanwhile, Vincent was walking around the place and looking for anything interesting. The sun was slowly going down and it started to color surrounding into a warm tones. Vincent sighed, when he remembered on moments, when he was tearing this place apart with Moose. There were still signs of explosions and destruction. Right, Moose worked just as he wanted, destroying everything around. His eyes finally landed on something interesting. It was evident that a lot of things were burnt, right here, because he found ash and burnt place. Looks like something was lucky enough to survive the ordeal. He sat on the ground and took an object into his hands. There was a lot of dust, but after few swipe of hand it started to become clear. In few seconds it was clear it was a canvas. And there was also one more thing. Vincent met with Deon and Chappie outside; leaning on the car and waiting patiently. He smiled, when he noticed Chappie was happy he is there. \"Boy, why do you this to us?\" Vincent talked in calm, but concerned tone. Chappie recognized he isn't mad, but he wasn't happy either. \"I'm sorry… I just wanted to be alone for a while.\" Deon patted him on the back. \"Well, now you will spend some time with your boring father.\" Chappie and Vincent chuckled and the ex-soldier opened the car doors. \"Hop on, or I will leave you both here.\" Deon felt such a big relief, when he entered home with Chappie by his side. Not that his child was showing a better state of mood, but it felt really good to have him home. Deon watched him go upstairs, apparently going to check on their bunny. There wasn't need of any sigh, or any other signal when Vincent looked at him with raised eyebrow. \"You have no clue what to do with him.\" Deon sighed deeply. \"Yeah. I guess I'm just a horrible parent. I just want him to be happy, but no matter what I do, it never really works. It feels like it's now worse than before.\" \"Worse?\" \"Yeah. I know we had to deal with a lot of shit since he was born, but right now, I feel so distanced from him. He's so silent, always thinking. He doesn't talk that much. He lost that child curiosity and wonder. And I don't know how to help him Vincent. I try, but I feel like he always keeps himself sheltered, even in front of me.\" Deon rubbed his arms nervously. Vincent actually leaned closer to him, whispering. \"Do you think he can hear us now?\" Deon chuckled, but it was bitter. \"Yes, he hears and sees everything. He knows very well we talk about him. Still…\" Long ears rose up. \"Thanks for coming with me. See you at work tomorrow.\" Vincent gave him honest smile. \"Yeah. Tomorrow.\" He took the handle of door, ready to open it, but first he turned to Deon. \"It will be okay, we'll think of something.\" His friend nodded and then Vincent finally left. Deon was standing there for maybe a minute before he finally headed upstairs. He slowly entered Chappie's room and once again found him working on something. When he wasn't outside, he was working on something. Deon asked few times what the big project was, but Chappie wasn't too willing to tell him, so he stopped asking. Chelsea was sitting in cage and she turned to look at Deon. She visibly didn't mind him, so she took a piece of vegetable and started to chew on it. Deon finally braced himself and went to his child, hugging him slowly and carefully from behind. Chappie stopped typing on keyboard and gave his full attention to his Maker. \"Dad? You okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm just glad to have you home, safe and sound. Can I do something for you?\" There was a moment of silence, but Chappie finally relaxed and leaned on Deon, accepting offered safety and love. \"Stay.\" - Few days passed, nothing really changed, but Deon was glad Chappie didn't go anywhere without telling anyone and Michelle didn't get to know they went home earlier that day. He just couldn't say everything was getting better. There had to be a way get Chappie out of this depression and lonely state. Maybe Yolandi was the one who will be able to get Chappie back into his former state. They just hoped it isn't too late. So she decided to take him for a walk. \"Do you like it here?\" Yolandi watched Chappie, as he was looking around. They went to place that Yolandi knew very well and was sure there won't be any problems. They could see the whole Johannesburg from up here and Chappie was visibly amazed by the sight. \"Ja. It's nice.\" He looked up to sky, to see an airplane flying by. He always wondered what it is like to fly. It was a sunny day and there wasn't a single cloud on the sky. He then looked back at Yolandi. \"Chappie, why are ya doin' this to us? You didn't behave like this before.\" Chappie's long ears dropped. \"I know. I just want to be alone for a while.\" Yolandi blinked. \"But why? Isn't it better to be with us? We're worried about you.\" She took his chin and turned his head, to make him look at her. \"Is there something you're not tellin' us?\" Chappie gave out a deep electronic frown, he was visibly thinking what to say. \"You're scared, aren't ya?\" He couldn't lie to Yolandi, he couldn't lie to anyone who was close to him, but he still didn't want to admit she was right. \"A little…\" \"You know, I was thinkin'. Maybe it would be good to leave this city for a while. So you can see some other places.\" Chappie's ears rose curiously. \"Seeing some new places?\" \"Ja. You never saw anything else than Johannesburg. Maybe seeing something else would help you.\" She took his hand gently. \"What do ya say?\" He looked at her and considered his answer. Deon was staring at the screen of computer. He really couldn't work, when he knew there are problems with someone who is so close to him. Chappie was with Yolandi at the moment. Deon didn't know what they were exactly doing, he just hoped they having a good time. He turned to look at Vincent, who was talking with Ninja. They were rather chuckling than talking to be exact. He also noticed those were new can of beers in their hands. He suddenly remembered what it was like to taste something. He didn't like beer, but the taste of food, or drink… He should rather get back to work, before his own depression comes. It was better to not think about everything that he lost with his human body. Or maybe he could take a nap. Yeah, that sounded just right, but before he could actually, he saw Chappie and Yolandi coming. Looks like they were back from a walk. \"No nap for me…\" Deon whispered to himself and actually yawned. If there are going to be some good news, he didn't actually mind. \"How was the walk?\" \"You all have homework to do. Think of some place where we can go on vacation.\" All men looked at Yolandi. Vacation? The truth was that even when Michelle promised them vacation they didn't have time for it yet. To be honest, they totally forgot about it. \"Mom thinks it would help me, when I see some new places.\" \"Not a bad idea.\" Vincent stretched out. \"So where are we going?\" \"What about Disneyland?\" The group turned to Ninja and he very quickly understood his wish wouldn't be granted. Yes, maybe it still wasn't safe to walk around Disneyland with tall and talking robots. \"I don't think it's a bad idea, but we need some place where we'll be safe. That can be difficult to find.\" Deon leaned on desk, thinking more about it. Still, if it is going to help Chappie, he is willing to think of something. Chappie decided to spend rest of day with Yolandi at her and Ninja's house. He also took Chelsea with him, so Deon was alone right now. He didn't bother to work, he was just lying on the couch and watching Dexter who was going around and cleaning the place. \"Oh, my, it's so messy here.\" Deon just sighed and tried to relax. He was sure that Chappie was with Yolandi and Ninja, so he could be calm and take some rest. Maybe they will be more successful to cheer Chappie up, than he was these days. He almost fell asleep, when door opened and Deon looked up to see Vincent. He had an urge to groan, because the Australian disturbed him in his rest, but he didn't. Vincent's presence didn't bother him anymore; it was actually very welcomed these days. \"Why did I give you keys in the first place?\" Vincent put down his bag and then came around Deon with impish smile. \"Because you trust me.\" Deon snorted and sat up. \"Do you want a tea or something?\" \"Tea would be nice. Did you already think of something?\" Deon watched Vincent as he leaned on the wall, waiting for answer. Deon sighed and stood up. \"No.\" There was a loud yawn and then he went to find some tea. He didn't eat or drink anymore, but as their house was visited so frequently, this place was packed with supplies. Yolandi and Ninja lived right next door, so that wasn't a problem, but Deon was surprised Vincent was willing to travel here almost everyday. Before Deon opened cupboard, he looked back at Vincent, who was once again teasing Dexter and Deon saw how much Vincent feels at home here. He already knew every corner of this house. There wasn't any reason to argue. He was spending time with Chappie, teaching him, talking to him and Deon was watching the whole process. When Chappie didn't have one of his sudden depressions, he liked to spend time with others and Vincent was no exception. Why was he even surprised? Vincent was the one who saved Chappie on that day and it seemed like they found mutual fondness for each other. To be honest, Deon was also thankful for Vincent's presence. Not only because of Chappie, but he liked a company of a friend. He finally opened the cupboard and suddenly found himself under the mass of boxes. Vincent heard the noise and Deon's shriek and went to kitchen to see his friend under many colorful boxes. \"Deon, what happened? Did the boxes beat you up?\" \"Yeah, funny.\" Long ears rose, dropping another box on the floor. \"Oh god, I totally forgot about all those boxes. I didn't use any of these for so long.\" \"What are those?\" Vincent kneeled next to Deon and took one of boxes. \"Those are teas from England, from… my family.\" Deon sighed deeply. His family… He turned to Vincent, who was looking at him with excited look. Oh no, no, he couldn't have such stupid idea. \"Deon, why don't you take Chappie to your family? I'm sure they would be glad to see you are actually alive.\" He blinked, when Deon started to pick up the boxes, visibly trying to not answer. \"Deon… Don't you miss them?\" His friend stopped and he put the boxes down. His long ears dropped and there was a silence. Vincent waited patiently for an answer, when Deon rubbed his arm. \"You have no idea how much I miss them…\" He knew his voice is shaking, even when he didn't want to admit it. Vincent felt kind of awkward, he expected Deon to be at least a little upset, but he didn't think he would have a mental breakdown. Well, maybe he should be more careful when it came to the topic of Deon's family, mainly these days when they had problems with Chappie. Before it could get any worse, he pulled Deon close and clapped him on the back. \"It'll be ok, it'll be ok…\" \"I want to see them again so much.\" \"I know, why didn't you at least call them?\" Deon shivered. \"I'm scared… I thought I will call them; tell them about Chappie, but… I don't know how they can handle what happened to me…\" Vincent sighed, he did understand this. \"They'll be happy you are alive and they can talk to you.\" \"And they will freak out, because I'm a robot!\" \"Well… that can be a little problem, but do you really think they would send you away? They are your family. Would they do such a thing?\" Deon sobbed and tried to sound a little better. \"No… I guess. I'm also worried it could hurt them even more, than thinking I am dead, or thinking I am alive, but never contacting them.\" He looked at window, sunlight getting on his face. Vincent let him go, but then he put a hand on Deon's shoulder. He looked at his friend and Vincent smiled at him. \"Family stays together, if they really love you, they will be happy they have you back. Don't worry about it.\" Deon was giving him unsure look, but he was thinking about those words. \"And I'm sure Chappie would love to see more of his family.\" Deon blinked. \"His?\" \"He's your child, so they are also his family, aren't they?\" Deon just smiled and nodded. Vincent was right. Maybe he was being selfish right now. He was not the only in this. His family deserved to know he is alive and can even talk to them and Chappie deserved to get to know them. First he will have to ask Chappie, if he really wants to meet with them, but he will do it. Deon then turned back to Vincent. \"Thanks for being here.\" \"Sorry for makin' you upset.\" Vincent sounded genuinely sorry, but Deon visibly smiled. \"No, that's okay. I was trying to avoid it for too long. It had to be dealt with.\" \"So what will we do?\" Deon sighed. \"Ask Michelle. Maybe she will be so nice and let us make a trip to England. You are right. Chappie deserves to get to know his own family. Also…\" He took one of boxes. \"Do you want some? I have plenty of these and since I can't drink anymore…\" Vincent chuckled and took the box from Deon. \"I'll take few.\" Just in that moment they both heard sound of opening door. \"Look who's home.\" They both heard sound of footsteps and after a while could finally see Chappie. He was holding his bunny in one arm and he noticed Vincent with Deon sitting on the ground, surrounded by many boxes. \"What are you doin'?\" Chappie curiously came to them and Deon tried to look more relaxed. He knew Chappie probably already knows there is something wrong with him, but he will still try to act normally. \"Chappie, how would you like to meet my… our family?\" His child sat in front of him, bunny still in his arms. Deon was glad Chappie was interested. \"You know, the ones you saw with me back then… on the funeral.\" \"Family…\" \"Yeah. We would go to England, you would see new places and people. What do you say?\" Chappie turned to look at Vincent, then back at Deon. He remembered all those moments when Deon was telling him about his family and they sounded like such nice people. He knew Deon wants to see them, talk to them. He was curious why Deon didn't contact them yet, but he guessed it's because Deon is scared. He himself wanted to meet them, but wasn't sure how they would accept him. So he didn't really ask Deon about this subject. Did Vincent help? Since it looked like Deon is fine with idea of meeting his family again, he had no idea why he should say no. They were right, it will help him to find something else to think about, see new places and finally see Deon's family. \"I would love to, but do you think they will accept me?\" \"Of course. You're my child.\" \"Remember, boy, if they can deal with someone as annoying as your father, I think they can deal with you.\" Vincent grinned when he heard an annoyed groan from Deon, but he knew he didn't really offend him. \"Still, why are you sitting here on the ground with boxes of tea all around you?\" Vincent chuckled and took one of boxes. \"I'll take some, okay?\" Another day came and it was time to promote their idea. There wasn't any problem with Yolandi and Ninja, they accepted the idea immediately. Yolandi was curious about Deon's family, Ninja not so much, but the chance to see England was very interesting for him. They said yes, but they weren't the ones to decide about this trip. Michelle was the one will have a final word and Deon had once again that unpleasant feeling in stomach. This occurred every time he was supposed to talk to her about something serious and important and it didn't matter he didn't have organs anymore. He felt really lucky there was Chappie and Vincent to calm him down; they proved to be far more stable when it came to critical situations. Chappie was more impulsive and flexible, while Vincent was the calm one who was always steadily standing on the ground, but they were both keeping him sane and sure he can lean on someone. So even now when he was trembling, a hand on the shoulder was enough to get him calm. He should really ask Yolandi how she could be so calm, he could for sure use some advices. They were standing in front of Michelle's office, still thinking how to form their request. \"We should just go and tell, don't sweat it too much.\" Vincent was maybe right, he should calm down. It will be all right, why would Michelle say no? She knew his parents, they met already. Maybe she was also curious if he already contacted them. He finally dared to open the door and they all met with Michelle's curious look. There was once again a bottle on her table and she was just going to drink from a glass, when she suddenly stopped and put it on the table. \"So, what is it this time?\" Deon looked again at Vincent and Chappie an then he sighed deeply. \"I want to ask you… madam. Do you think… that we could go to England? To meet my family?\" Michelle gave him a surprised look and then reached to the glass and actually drank it. \"I was actually waiting, when you will ask me this. Did you already call them?\" \"No…\" Deon felt so ashamed right now. \"Why?\" Their boss took another sip. \"He's afraid they won't accept him like this.\" Deon felt really grateful to Vincent for explaining the issue. \"Oh, right, the robot part. I guess I already got too used to seeing you like this. Well…\" She put the glass on the table. \"I can contact them by myself and tell them I have news about you and I want to meet with them personally because of it. If they say yes, we will have a trip to England.\" \"You don't mind it at all?\" Deon was surprised by this, but Michelle just sighed. \"You know I met your parents and I actually feel guilty for knowing you are alive and not telling them where you are. Glad to see you finally decided to deal with this.\" \"Th… Thank you.\" \"Anything else?\" When she saw they shook their heads, she just nodded and waved a hand. \"Fine, you can go.\" \"Yeah, she must count all those unfortunate souls she had to gather to gain this luxury and position.\" Vincent chuckled and avoided the glass that Michelle threw at him. \"GET OUT, VINCENT!\" When they walked back through hallway, Chappie was curiously listening the conversation. He always liked to listen to people, but when Vincent and Deon were talking, they were very often arguing. Not that he liked when people argue, but they were interesting to watch and to listen. \"Why do you always provoke her like this?\" \"Because we need to have some fun in life, Deon. I don't know about you, but I like to have fun. What are you even afraid of? She needs us.\" \"That's not what I'm worried about, but why do you do such stupid things?\" \"Don't worry, she doesn't take it seriously… I think.\" Deon just frowned. \"Why do you even argue, you got what you wanted, didn't you?\" Deon frowned again, but he nodded. \"Good.\" Chappie just smiled for himself; yeah he really liked to watch them interact. Michelle didn't want to wait in this case, so she sent a message when she was still working. Who knows how fast will the reply come, but it felt good to send the message. Now she will allow herself to go home. The message was sent, received and it was immediately noticed. Michelle couldn't know that it didn't take even a minute before someone opened the message and read it. When she got home, she already had a reply in her mailbox and didn't hesitate to call the others. They were all at Yolandi and Ninja's house for once. They all knew it was actually another attempt to make Chappie feel better. He was feeding the bunny in the moment. Chelsea took gratefully another piece of lettuce and started to chew on it. Chappie was fascinated by how fast she grows up. Deon was talking with Ninja and Chappie chuckled at the certain part of conversation, when Ninja said that if he would be interested in some of Deon's property he would already steal it. Yolandi didn't say anything on this subject. Instead she looked at Vincent who was having a peaceful nap on the couch. Yolandi couldn't understand how he can fall asleep anywhere he wants. He was also sleeping so peacefully and deeply that she could poke him with finger and he wouldn't wake up. That was some quality sleep right there. A phone rang and Deon looked at the device to see Michelle is calling. Everyone feel silent, except for Vincent who snorted happily and Yolandi pound him carefully to make him stop. \"Hello?\" Deon greeted and Chappie came to him, curious. He could hear what Michelle was saying, but he rather wanted to see Deon's reaction. Everything was starting to be very clear to him. \"Really?\" Chappie swear that if Deon could still breathe, he would take a very deep breath now. He sounded so happy. His child could watch this all day. \"Thanks, thank you so much!\" He turned off the phone. \"WE'RE GOING TO ENGLAND!\" Chappie and Yolandi cheered loudly, while Ninja just nodded, and was moving his head from right to left. Chelsea was still chewing her food, visibly not minding the situation. \"That means we need to pack up stuff.\" Deon sighed, happy. \"I never packed a suitcase.\" They looked at Chappie and Ninja whistled. \"This is startin' to look like Home alone. If we leave him at home, robbers will come.\" \"I already feel sorry for those robbers for encountering him…\" They all turned to look at Vincent, who was still looking like he is sleeping. \"Don' worry, I'll help you pack.\" Chappie visibly accepted Yolandi's offer and Deon finally let everything sink in. Yes, he is going to see his family, for real… Michelle didn't tell him everything, she didn't even tell him how they would get to England and he was sure they couldn't just fly with civil plane. He learned to trust their boss, so maybe she had everything planned long time ago. They packed everything in the evening. Chelsea was a little problem, but Chappie refused to leave her here. Even if there is someone who is going to take care of her, he wanted to take her with them. Deon was right now lying in his bed and Chappie was once again lying next to him. Since all those horrible things happened, he started to spend night next to Deon again. He was watching over his Maker when he was sleeping. Deon wondered how long it would take when Chappie would spend night in his own room once again. He himself didn't like to sleep alone, he liked when someone was near him, but he was worried about Chappie's mental health. He had to get over his fears and regrets, but sending him away won't do any good to both of them. \"Deon… What is it like in England?\" \"Cloudy, cold, wet… You'll see.\" \"Are you still afraid?\" \"Nervous… But I'll be fine.\" He yawned deeply. \"Time to go to sleep.\" \"Ja.\" Deon lay down on pillow and Chappie took the blanket, covering his father. He then also got under the blanket and snuggled to Deon, like he was looking for a warm embrace. He wrapped arms around Deon, pulling him close protectively. Time, Deon remembered, he needs time. He'll regenerate, he'll be fine, but he needs time. He then finally let himself fall asleep, enjoying presence of his son. Before they could leave, they had to do few things first. Michelle made it clear she is also going, but told people at company to contact her if any possible problem occurs. She really hoped that when they return, TetraVaal would still stand on the same place and at least in the same condition. Vincent made himself sure all data are secured and nothing bad can happen. He just had to admit to himself that he didn't like to leave his baby behind and unfinished. She will wait for him here, so when they return, the work can be finished. He always hated to leave unfinished work behind. Before he left, he clapped big robot on the side and took a deep breath. It was just a trip to England, nothing too big. Then he shivered when he realized England isn't very warm country and he already missed the warm weather of Africa and Australia. Deon had to do something about an organization of this place and he knew exactly with whom he should talk. He came into one of rooms that worked as place for Scouts. It wasn't a workshop, they weren't made here, it was more like a meeting room, when there was something important. Unlike old times, Scouts were now far more able to communicate with people, so they didn't have to talk in commands, or take robots and upload stuff into CPU. He came here for a specific reason, because of one single Scout, who was already waiting for him. \"Hello, Epsilon.\" \"Good evening, Maker. I brought what you wanted, but I want to ask, what is happening?\" \"We are going on little vacation.\" Yeah, he could say it like that and he watched Scout's reaction. Epsilon was not like Chappie. Chappie was born as child; Epsilon was born as mature person, who knows everything that is needed at the moment. Deon just wanted a Scout that is able to take care of things when they aren't present, or just help them on daily basis. He didn't want to raise another child; it was hard to handle Chappie alone. He also didn't want to get so attached to another Scout. Chappie was his son; Epsilon was his creation, just like other Scouts. Still, he rather looked at him as his friend, than just something he programmed. When he came with idea of giving one Scout and advanced AI that was similar to Chappie, he worried Vincent would deny it. In the end, he didn't say anything bad about it, looked like his time spent with them and mainly Chappie taught him how to handle this issue. He was more careful than the others, when it came to this topic, but he didn't mind in the end. They needed someone who will take care of things, when they can't be around. Deon will be also very happy, when Michelle stops to use Epsilon as her butler. \"Vacation?\" \"Yes, we are going to England, so I want you to look over things here. Can I count on you?\" \"Of course, Maker, I will do my best.\" \"Good, glad to hear that. You will be in charge of all operations from now on, until we return. You will also make a report and give it to me, understood?\" \"Yes, but Maker, it's so sudden, is something wrong?\" \"No.\" Deon shook his head. \"In fact, I think everything is going to be right from now on, and I'm glad I can count on you.\" They all waited for Michelle. The sun was already high, it was hot and waiting was getting irritating very quickly. Vincent was the one who was the most curious how they are going to get to England. He guessed that Michelle had her own jet, but then he wondered if she is going to give so much money for a plane. On the other hand, Chappie's main focus right now was on the bunny. He really wanted to be sure this little animals is fine and even when she was in a cage she looked rather happy, for now. Yolandi was also focusing on the bunny and Ninja was smoking. Only one really nervous and impatient was Deon. Vincent decided to help him a little and put a hand on his metallic shoulder. \"It'll be fine.\" \"I know… Can you do me a favor?\" Vincent smiled. \"Yeah, what is it?\" \"Catch me if I faint.\" Vincent just nodded and clapped Deon on shoulder. \"I'll try.\" Then they finally saw Michelle's car that stopped right in front of them and Michelle got out. \"Okay, kids, time for fun.\" Yes, time for a trip. ","Summary":" NOTE: As I said earlier, ff. net is screwing up and didn't add the last part of previous season int"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Iris","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12123632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As always guys, reviews are always welcome :) Named by song Iris, by Sleeping with Sirens. Time was passing faster than everyone thought. What happened in the center of Johannesburg started the line of events. Attacks started to happen more often and Chappie started to link things together. Despite Deon's visible disagreement, Chappie became a regular member of units that were there to watch over city. It didn't mean he was always the one to fight, but he was there, observing, watching. He was sure those people were the same ones that kidnapped Deon back then, and he wanted answers. The police chief and the other people of the department understood they may need Moose. Vincent once again broke the protocols and didn't even ask Michelle, but this time, it was right thing to do, apparently. Moose did the job that she was designed for and it left a good impression. Because of this, Vincent was asked to accompany every crisis situation with his robot. Chappie was strategically using this in his advantage, keeping himself close to Moose. He was always in contact with Vincent and these days just made their bond even stronger. However, Chappie was started to think about humanity's habits of self-destruction. There was so many violence and pain and they could never really prevent it or stop it. They could only help to decrease damage. Time passed and the spring changed into summer, but many things happened. All of this caused that Deon found himself home alone many times. Chappie was spending more and more time outside and Deon started to miss days, when he was with his child all the time. He knew Chappie is doing the right thing, but his father started to miss him at home. Because of this, Deon rather spent time at TetraVaal, because he was not at least alone there. Others were making him company and he was waiting when his son comes back. Seeing him again was always a relief, Deon was always afraid when Chappie left. Epsilon was coming along, but Deon would be happy if they didn't go anywhere. There were so many times when they returned home and Epsilon had bruises and burns on him, while Chappie was totally fine. Epsilon never complained, never, but Chappie was not visibly happy. Epsilon's purpose was clear to him, but he didn't want him to play a role of living shield. He was always the one to fix Epsilon's body and make him look good again. Vincent understood Deon's worries, but he was also saying it's natural for Chappie to grow up and try to change world. That's something Deon never wanted, he didn't want his child to be a warrior, but that's what was slowly happening. Vincent always swore that he will do anything to bring Chappie back home unharmed. Deon was sometimes thinking about going with Chappie and Epsilon, but they didn't want him to. Vincent also thought that Deon should stay at TetraVaal, since he was not skilled in combat and could be an easy target. This made him feel powerless, because he didn't do anything else than wait, when they come back. Deon knew Chappie was growing up much faster, than he would ever expect, but right now it felt like he was slipping through his Maker's hands like sand. The worst thing was, Deon couldn't stop him. That kid was always extremely stubborn. Other parents had around twenty years, more or less, before they had to deal with the fact their children grew up. Deon didn't get even a single year. He felt like he is being left behind. Michelle was doing her stuff, but Yolandi and Ninja could go outside and help. He, on the other hand, had to stay behind the walls. How ridiculous it was. Maybe this was always his fate, being left behind. Thankfully, such thoughts were fading every time he was reminded how much he is loved. If only those moments came more often. Deon realized that he spends more time with Epsilon these days than before. He was still very careful, because he knew of possibility of getting close to his second creation. Inside his heart, he knew it can't be avoided and the regret started to form. Deon started to hate himself, knowing he gave life to another living being and he is willingly keeping distance. It was only matter of time, before Epsilon fully realizes this fact. The question was, how would he handle it? There was a flash of thought in his mind, to take Epsilon away from this world, but he couldn't do it. The idea of murdering the life that was created by him was horrible. Epsilon was totally innocent in all of this, he was protecting Chappie just as he was told, Deon didn't have any right to blame him or take him away. He had to stay, because of Chappie who grew attached to him. They were like brothers, and their Maker started to see it. Deon was reminded of him and Cade and what it is like to be brothers. Chappie and Epsilon were always together and even though they couldn't sleep, he sometimes found them resting, leaning on each other. He always wondered if they were talking about something through comlink. It was also interesting to see, how they were spending time all together. It was not just Chappie and him anymore, Epsilon was always there to accompany them. Suddenly he had to answer the questions of two curious young boys, not just one. Vincent was watching some moments with amusement, but also bitter feeling, because he knew very well what Deon brought upon himself. Yolandi started to be very fond of Epsilon, because he was so similar to Chappie. Just like the older Scout, he was willing to listen to her and obey. He respected her just as Chappie and was always willing to help. Ninja showed a brief attempt to repeat his teaching of gangster life style, but Epsilon was not interested. He watched Ninja, but he didn't really want to learn such things. He was rather interested in Deon's teaching, but he didn't understand his Maker. He and Chappie discovered an unsettling fact. Sometimes, when they went into Deon's bedroom, they found him whimpering or crying. Chappie saw him in his low moments, when there were nightmares, but this was different. It was like Deon was hiding something, he was hurting, but clearly didn't want anyone to know. Chappie didn't want to force him. It was so clear Deon suffers, but trying to make him say anything would be cruel. His child had suspicions what could be the problem, but he didn't ask. For some reason, he felt this was the only time, when he didn't have the right to ask. Instead, they slowly came into room with Deon noticing them and trying to hide any sign of hurt. Chappie was reminded of early days, when Deon was suffering from nightmares and needed to be comforted. He never begged, but Chappie still did what was needed and they would do the same thing now. Without asking, Chappie came to his father and hugged him from behind. He didn't ask about anything, he just wanted to let Deon know he cares. Epsilon understood and slowly moved to them and then leaning close to Deon, putting head on his Maker's shoulder and wrapping arms. Chappie visibly taught him this mannerism. They didn't say anything, but Deon understood them and he was eternally thankful for having them both here. Sometimes it was practically impossible to keep secrets when Chappie was around. This was caused by his never ending curiosity and interest in people around him. Sometimes he didn't keep things in and told others. That's why Deon decided to make unannounced visit of Vincent's home. He thought of leaving, before Vincent finally opened the door \"Deon, what brings you here, mate?\" When Deon noticed Vincent has no shirt on, he looked on the side. \"Eh, ehm, sorry. I didn't want to-\" Vincent chuckled and grabbed Deon by shoulders. \"Oh, chill out. Did you want something?\" \"In fact, I brought something for you.\" \"Is that so? Come in.\" Deon nodded and followed Vincent in. They sat on couch in living room and Deon opened up the bag. \"I got to know it's your birthday.\" Australian looked at his friend, confused. \"How? I never told you.\" \"Chappie looked it up in database of TetraVaal. Why did you never tell us?\" That was all that Vincent needed to hear. That kid was once again invading his personal space. \"I don't want to, not yet. I still think I'm not worthy to celebrate, after what I have done. Maybe next year.\" \"Chappie doesn't think so, and me too. So I brought you something.\" He handed the bag to Vincent and the older man took it. His hand sank into the object and found nicely wrapped presents. When they were opened, Vincent smiled and then looked at Deon. There were packages of bath salts, with turtles on them. \"I noticed you were quite interested in all those bath salts that we have in our family store. So I called mom if she can send me some. And she also added few teas. Seems like she likes you.\" \"Guess so. There is also letter from your brother, that will be pleasant reading…\" Deon chuckled. \"Happy birthday, Vince.\" Vincent smiled thankfully, pulling his friend close into hug. \"Thank you, Deon. Thank you.\" \"There is one more thing I want to give you.\" Deon reached into bag again. What appeared in his hand was a small plush animal. He handed the toy to his friend, who looked at it all confused. \"What is that?\" \"That's a Koala Pokemon. I thought you would like that.\" \"Don't be racist, Deon. Still, thanks, it's really nice.\" They both laughed and Deon accepted the offer to stay longer. Chappie and Epsilon could take care of themselves and they would let him know if they leave the house and go somewhere. Looks like this will be another peaceful day at Vincent's home. This place felt somehow lonely. This was probably caused by the fact Vincent lived alone. Deon remembered when they were living here and he was hit by weird nostalgia. Still, he felt sorry for Vincent, the older man didn't look like someone who wanted to be alone. So Deon decided to say something, something he didn't actually want to say. \"Vincent…. Why don't you find someone?\" Australian gave his friend a confused look. \"A woman?\" \"Yeah.\" Vincent sighed deeply and shook head. \"I don't want to. I don't want to be disappointed again, I think I had enough. It's better for me this way.\" \"Do you feel lonely, sometimes?\" \"Yeah, but I think you know the feeling, don't you?\" They looked at each other and Deon nodded. \"Sadly, yeah, but you don't have to be. Find someone before it's too late, just like for me.\" Vincent took a while, before responding. Deon was sincere and he wanted the best for his friend. It just felt wrong to even attempt such thing, when he knew Deon had to suffer like this. \"Deon, if I find a woman, I won't have time to watch over you. Our boring evenings when we just sit and talk about stupid shit would end.\" \"Vincent, I mean it.\" \"Me too, Deon, me too.\" Vincent used a serious tone. \"I've had enough and I am rather happy right now. You ruined my life in such amazing way that after so many years I once again I feel like I have my own family. I don't feel like I need to look for someone. I found where I belong.\" Deon gave his friend a surprised look. He did not expect such kind and sincere answer. Sometimes he had to be reminded that Vincent could be actually very nice when he is in good mood. He was so happy to have such a friend. One day Michelle felt an urge to use her twisted sense of humor. Sometimes she liked to play little pranks on her employees, or just make them her personal servants. This was one of those days. \"I have a very special task for you two, and I believe it will help you to get better along and improve your teamwork.\" Michelle took another sip of tea and looked at her employees. Deon didn't know why, but he could tell there was something impish behind that smile. \"What is it, Madam?\" He asked and then looked at Vincent, who was just as curious as Deon. \"We have a lot of work to do, Michelle. You sure this is for us?\" \"Oh, I'm sure you both will do your best.\" Michelle smiled again. \"How did she come up with idea that cleaning a floor is accurate job for a soldier?\" Vincent snarled and dived the rag once again into a bucket of water. Deon was silent, he knew something like this was coming. It seemed like Michelle was starting to have a habit of giving him weird tasks, just to see how they will try to kill each other in process. So he rather decided to keep silence. Still, when he saw Vincent fall on the wet ground or slip down when he was trying to scrub some dirt, he had his problems to not start laughing, chuckle or not make any sound at all. He just thought to himself: Oh, right, he is so going to fulfill the expectations. He then looked again on Chappie, who was sitting on stairs and watching them curiously. Why did that child have to watch every little small thing that is going on around here? He started to lose attention of surroundings and smashed into a bucket of water with one hand. Vincent started to laugh and point at him, but then he slipped again on the ground. Deon finally chuckled, but he thought he could laugh more. Chappie just continued to sit there, thinking to himself. Humans are really fascinating beings. It was even better when Epsilon came and was giving them very confused look. Deon noticed that Epsilon started to find his personal activities and interests. Of course he was doing the same things as Chappie, since they spent days and nights together, but the younger Scout also found other things to occupy himself. When he was not with Chappie, Epsilon was quietly spending time all by himself, or helping others. He would be that kind of child, that was capable to play all day by himself. His Maker was curiously watching him, but never asking. He was slowly starting to fear the fact that Epsilon was becoming another important person in his life. He hoped such thing won't happen, but it was slowly becoming reality. Talking to Epsilon would make things just worse, so Deon was rather staying silent. His curiosity won over him one day. Epsilon was sitting outside in the garden and once again doing something. Deon opened door and slowly sat next to Epsilon. \"Epsilon, what are you doing?\" Scout turned to his maker. \"Painting.\" Deon blinked curiously. \"Painting?\" \"Chappie taught me. He also told me what it was like when you were teaching him.\" He handed the canvas to Deon. He saw Epsilon draw and paint few times, but this was the first time he actually came close to him to see his works, and talk to him about it. \"You like painting?\" \"Yes. It's really relaxing.\" Deon felt like he needed to sigh. Epsilon was giving him opportunity to raise someone just as he liked. Something he never could have done with Chappie. \"Well, would you like some advices?\" \"Of course.\" Deon started to think to himself. I didn't want another child, I really didn't, but he is so similar to Chappie. So curious, willing to learn, he listens to my every word. Anytime he doesn't know the answer, his eyes land on me, asking for help. Deon stayed careful, but let himself to enjoy time with Epsilon. He started to see his second creation was very similar to Chappie in many ways, but he also started to see differences. Epsilon was curious, very curious, but he was lacking focus. While Chappie was focusing on one thing for days and studying every single detail, Epsilon was doing the opposite. He wanted to know as many things as possible at the same time. Deon didn't think that was a wrong thing, but it was interesting. He noticed Epsilon had many, many ideas and was not afraid to show them to others. Deon was always willing to listen, because Epsilon reminded him of himself when he got an idea. Every next day made Epsilon more developed and expressive. Deon didn't expect him to develop so much. Chappie's presence and influence had big impact on this situation. Deon realized Chappie was the reason why his expectations failed. How could he think that if someone was supposed to spend so much time with his child, it won't have any effect. Epsilon was fulfilling his duties excellently, but he was showing emotions much more than before. His main attribute was curiosity. He wanted to know so much and was not afraid to break any barriers that were avoiding him from getting knowledge. Deon was watching him and realized that unlike Chappie who could get aggressive when he was not in the good mood, Epsilon was always calm. They were polar opposites of each other, but they didn't clash. In fact Deon accomplished what he wanted. He wanted someone who would be there for Chappie, so they had to get along, but once again, it went too well. He had to remember why he created Epsilon. Yes, why he created him in the first place… Deon let his memory to take him back in time. These were the days after he was kidnapped and nobody was really sure what would come next. Deon knew he would recover from the trauma, but they were all worried about Chappie. He was not very communicative these days and most of the time he was just sitting and being silent. They survived this ordeal, but it was clear things wouldn't be like before. It was very important to not leave Chappie alone and Yolandi gladly fulfilled this task. Even Ninja decided to keep some words just for himself and was rather trying to make a likeable company. That was not an easy task for him, but he was trying. Deon was realizing how fragile their system actually is. Without him, it all crashes down and there is no one to take care of Chappie. He had to do something about it, but what? It was also so unusual to know Vincent is really on their side and willing to help. Deon was still quite surprised by the fact the older man was willing to risk his life to save him. The reminder of that day was a bandage on Vincent's arm, where he was shot. Just now Deon really dared to come closer and communicate in more intimate way than before. The Australian was friendly to him and actually very kind. The bitterness and unfriendly approach he had before totally disappeared. He was visibly just as happy as Deon for having an actual new friend. Vincent was in much better psychical state than Deon and was always there to help. Deon adored him for this and was eternally thankful. Chappie refused to leave Deon alone, mainly at night, so he was once again sleeping next to him. This was making Deon think. What if he is not here? What would happen to his child? He had to have some plan for this scenario. Not that he would ever leave by himself, but the current situation made him realize how dangerous this new life can get. He pulled Chappie close, whispering in very gentle tone. \"Don't worry, you will never be alone. I promise.\" He knew what had to be done. They needed someone new. Someone who would be able to take care of Scout network and every responsibility of this matter. On the other hand, he needed someone who will be there for Chappie. Someone who will never leave him, never hurt him and will always be there. Deon also didn't feel like there is time to teach anyone, so there was only one choice. He had to create new AI that would be advanced just like his child. He promoted this idea to his son. \"He would always be there with you, protecting you. You would never be alone.\" Chappie looked at his Maker suspiciously. \"Why? You are leaving?\" There was a hint of fear in the voice and Deon shook head immediately. \"No, no, I will never leave, but… You know what happened. If something happens to me, you will fall into the misery and madness, like last time. I don't ever want that to happen again.\" He put both hands on his child's face. \"I can't let that happen, you are too precious to me.\" Chappie was visibly thinking for a while and then looked at Deon. \"He would be like me?\" \"Yes, he would have emotions, just like you. Only difference is, he would mature faster than you.\" \"Why? Why can't he grow up like me?\" \"That would take time Chappie, time we may not have. Chappie, you will have a friend, isn't that great?\" Something about Deon's voice was unsettling. He was trying so hard to convince his child, that it was almost suspicious. On the other hand, Chappie understood him. The idea didn't sound bad after all... \"Okay, do it.\" Deon was thankful Chappie obeyed him, but he still needed to tell others. Vincent was the most careful one when it came to this subject. He understood Deon's worries and reasons, but it was still a very serious thing to consider. Vincent accepted Chappie as living being, but he didn't know how to feel about the fact there would be another AI. Deon swore nothing would go wrong and he would take care of everything. The new AI was not supposed to be emotional like Chappie, so it will be easier to keep him under control. Vincent was not entirely sure, when he agreed, but he decided to trust Deon's judgment. Chappie wanted to be present at every stage of development and Deon gladly let him. It was good to see his child showed interest in something, rather than drown in depressions. He was visibly happy he would have a new friend with whom he can spend time. Deon, on the other hand, forbid himself an option of getting emotionally attached to his new creation. He was supposed to protect Chappie, getting attached would be very dangerous. Deon didn't want to worry about one more close person and in this case it was highly possible to get hurt. Deon didn't want to admit this to himself, but he will be practically using that new innocent being to be guardian of his son. He was also willing to accept the loss of his new creation in case Chappie will survive. It was cruel to think like this, but there was no other way, at least in Deon's eyes. They also needed to think of the name. When they were trying to think of something, they stepped across Greek alphabet. Chappie came with interesting idea. \"We may choose a name here.\" Deon didn't have a problem with such idea. \"That doesn't sound bad, but which one to choose?\" He let Chappie think for a while. \"Well, I have five people that I care about, what is the fifth letter in the alphabet?\" Deon looked into book. \"Epsilon… OK, so be it, that's the name.\" The day finally came and Deon wondered how it would go. Will it be like when Chappie was born, or totally different? However he was not the only one who was curious. He begged others to wait, and be left alone just with Chappie. They didn't want to make Epsilon feel crowded. Chappie wanted them to wake Epsilon at their home and Deon didn't see a reason to disagree. The Scout's body color was purple or rather violet. Deon got this idea that when his and Chappie's color was combined, they get purple or violet. Deon looked at his child, asking him silently. Chappie nodded, that was enough. They both pressed the button at the same time and now they just needed to wait. Deon hoped he didn't forget about anything and the AI of Epsilon will be stable. He didn't know how Epsilon would behave. What was already done was putting all needed data into his memory, but there was no way to tell how he will actually act. They waited in silence and the Scout slowly came to life. The ears started to move and eyes to light up. Deon was nervous, Chappie was curious and excited. When the process was finally finished, the violet Scout gave them both a curious look. Unlike Chappie back then, he was not trying to get away. He was not scared, he was curious. Deon reached out to him slowly and carefully. \"Hey, it's okay, it's okay.\" Don't worry, no one's gonna hurt you.\" Deon tried to use the same tone that he was using when Chappie was born and Epsilon watched him curiously. He moved closer and it was enough for Deon to reach. He was acting differently than Chappie, there was no attempt to hide. Deon put hand on Scout's head and AI stayed on place. Chappie leaned closer and blue shining eyes met. \"Hi.\" They stared at each other silently and then finally came an answer. \"Hi.\" Chappie raised his ears in joy and without saying anything snuggled to Epsilon. Deon was silently watching them and there was a feeling of relief. Looks like his days of work paid off. He expected Epsilon to flinch when Chappie invaded his personal space, but it didn't happen. Deon also didn't expect Chappie to do such thing, but maybe it was a test. He wanted to see how will Epsilon react and so far, it was good. Deon dared to get closer and looked right into Epsilon's eyes. \"Welcome, Epsilon. That's your name.\" \"Epsilon…\" \"Yes. I'm Deon, your Maker. This is Chappie. You are here to protect him.\" Those words were saved and locked into Epsilon's memory and he understood immediately. That was his purpose and he will remember it. The time passes so fast. Next day, Epsilon was introduced to others. They welcomed him with open arms and ready to teach him. The only one who was careful was Vincent. When they came to him, Epsilon noticed the Australian was giving him an unsure look. He was checking the Scout out and waiting for any kind of reaction. \"Hey, kid.\" Epsilon didn't know how to react, why was he called kid? Something about this human was different and odd. Yolandi was nice to him, Ninja was rude as always, but not aggressive. Michelle was reserved. But Vincent was keeping his guard. \"So, this is our new friend, Deon?\" \"Yes. Be nice to him.\" Vincent just grinned and looked back at both Scouts. He really hoped Deon did the right thing. There was no point of return now. Was it really so long since this happened? Deon was sitting on the balcony of his house and when he looked inside, he saw Chappie lying and resting with Chelsea in his arms. The bunny was happily sleeping and Epsilon was doing the same thing, leaning on Chappie's side. Deon remembered on all those things that happened and also how Epsilon got hurt by protecting Chappie. This is what he wanted, right? Chappie was important, not Epsilon, at least that's how he planned it. Now, it felt so wrong. Deon could only blame himself and no one else. He swore he will not get attached, but was not able to keep own promise. And now he felt horrible for using Epsilon as nothing more than object to protect Chappie. That was so wrong. The situation they were in was not an excuse. \"You screwed up, I told you to not play with life.\" Deon sighed, nodding. Vincent was right. The ex-soldier was with him on the balcony and he was totally right. \"What should I do…\" \"Accept it, accept him. He is your child, just like Chappie. Why are you so afraid?\" Deon looked down. \"Because I don't want to loose him. His purpose is to protect Chappie, you know it.\" Vincent just sighed, making it clear this won't cut it. Deon had to talk about this with Epsilon, he had to be honest. The next day, Deon had enough of this when Epsilon came to him and asked about one of Chappie's sketches that he was given. When he showed it to his Maker, Deon saw his own face, but still as human. Epsilon asked him who was on this sketch and that was enough to break him. He realized Epsilon doesn't even know his original face. That day, he begged his creation to come with him and they settled down in the living room of Deon's house. Deon gave his creation a careful look. \"Epsilon, did you ever feel like I am unfair to you?\" Scout seemed surprised to hear such question, but shook head. \"No. Did I do something wrong?\" \"N- No. You are doing excellently. I just want to talk to you about something. Do you have some free time for me?\" \"Sure.\" Deon felt like taking a deep breath, getting ready to ask. \"I want to know, did you ever feel like I am unfair to you? That Chappie gets more attention and care than you?\" \"No. You are nice to me.\" Deon's ears rose, surprised. \"You don't feel like I a using you?\" \"No. I am just doing what you asked me for. That's why I am here. Is it wrong?\" Deon sighed deeply, realizing Epsilon didn't know how badly he was treated. He was a child, just like Chappie. Deon totally forgot about this fact. Even though Epsilon was made to mature faster, he was still so innocent. Thinking this made Deon shiver. \"No, but I made a horrible mistake. I was using you, nothing more. This may sound horrible, but I want to be honest with you, for the first time ever. You were created to protect Chappie and I didn't care what would happen to you. You were supposed just to be my tool, nothing more…\" Deon started to sob and Epsilon was silently watching him, visibly thinking about these words. There was a moment of clear realization and Scout looked at his Maker. \"Why are you telling me this? Why now?\" \"Because I started to realize something…\" This was the first time that he saw Epsilon project any negative emotion. He was staring at his Maker, confused, but also unsure. \"What am I to you?\" \"What?\" Epsilon looked at him sadly. \"Am I really just a tool? I thought I am more than that. Did you treat Chappie the same way when he was born?\" \"What? N- no. He was…\" He gave up. \"Fine, I'll be honest with you. When Chappie was born, I was irresponsible; I didn't expect him to become my child. He was through a lot and it was my mistake. I gave him life and didn't think about consequences. You know why I am telling you this right now? Because I know I did the same thing. I created you, because I knew I am not strong enough to protect him.\" \"So you needed someone who will do the work for you.\" \"Yes, but I swore to myself to not get attached to you. I'm sorry I failed, because then I wouldn't tell you such things. It's just like with Chappie back then. Just like him, you have become so much more than I can imagine. I should expect it this time.\" Epsilon was looking at him for a while and then lowered his sight to the floor. Deon let him think and started to insult himself. How could he be so stupid and reckless? Again? \"I understand if you hate me for this and don't want to be near me.\" To his surprise, Epsilon stood up. Deon expected him to leave, be furious, angry, but the Scout instead came to him. He kneeled in front of his Maker and reached for Deon's hands, holding them. \"I don't want to hate you. I just want to know the whole truth. Why am I here, what happened before I was born? What horrible things happened to make you create me? I just want to know.\" Deon was unable of words. Epsilon didn't hate him, he just wanted to know the truth. He didn't hate him. Instead he was giving his Maker an innocent look, just like small child that was looking at his parent. Deon sobbed and pulled back his hands, wanting to hug his second child for the first time ever. Epsilon recognized the behavior and simply nodded. Deon reached to him and wrapped arms around his back carefully. He surprised to see his child did the same thing. Looks like Chappie trained him well. It felt so strange to hug Epsilon, but at the same time there was the same warm and pleasant feeling, just like when he hugs Chappie. \"I'll tell you everything, I promise. There will be no more secrets. And I'm sorry, you didn't deserve this. You are part of the family, just like anyone else here.\" Epsilon didn't say anything, he just snuggled closer, enjoying the feeling. Now he understood why Chappie liked this so much and now he could also experience it. \"Also, you don't have to call me Maker. Call me as you want.\" \"Can I… also stay here, and not at TetraVaal?\" Deon felt really ashamed now. \"Of course. You're my son, you are going to live here with us. I just need to figure out where you will have your room and-\" Epsilon raised head and looked right into Deon's eyes. \"I think Chappie will let me to live with him in his room.\" \"Oh, right, right. I must also tell him that-\" \"We heard everything.\" Deon looked at side to see Vincent and Chappie looking at them from behind a wall. \"And I also recorded it so others can see.\" Deon didn't have any words right now. He also didn't know if he is supposed to be angry, furious, or just feel stupid for not noticing them. Chappie then rushed to them and pulled them both close. \"Finally! We'll live together! Come, Epsilon, let's figure out where you will sleep and have things and everything.\" \"But we don't sleep.\" Chappie just waved hand. \"Eh, you know what I mean.\" They headed upstairs and Deon watched them silently, but happy. Vincent came to him and took a satisfying deep breath. \"Looks like everything is going to be okay.\" \"Yeah, I hope so. It's just so weird to know I have two sons, not one.\" Vincent smiled impishly and Deon then turned to him. \"Anyway, what are YOU doing here?\" \"Oh, you know, if there is trouble, I am also there. Also, tell your mom the salts are great.\" This time Deon smiled and chuckled a little. \"It must be so lonely in your home, you can also live here, with us.\" \"I didn't go fully crazy, yet, to say yes to that.\" Deon's ears rose. \"In that case stop being a slacker on my couch.\" Vincent grinned. \"Try to stop me, nerd.\" ","Summary":" As always guys, reviews are always welcome :) Named by song Iris, by Sleeping with Sirens. Time was"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"In the next life","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11506084","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this fic as a bonus scene to \"Am I not human?\" by very talented and dear Kirmon64. We decided to work together on Chappie storytimeline, and this is my first story. Even through we maybe end up with two different AUs of our own, this connects straight to one scene of the story. I just really think that this scene deserved more attention, since it's only time Deon can see his family. If you want to have the best reading experience, I reccomend you to listen to music \"In the next life\" by Most sorrowful Music. Here is the link watch/?v=_4OYnW4quQU Have a nice reading and comments and kudos are always welcomed :) In the next life They returned home in total silence. Deon was silent and Chappie didn't dare to say anything. Since they left the cemetery, there were no words. He was not sure if it was good idea to go, because he could imagine how depressed it would make Deon. On the other hand, this was maybe the only chance for his Maker to see his family. It was maybe the last chance in his whole life, and Chappie didn't want Deon to lose this chance. He knew Deon would be depressed and sad when they return, but he knew it was worth it and he was willing to go with his Maker. They were willing to go outside, even when it meant they could be seen. When they got to cemetery, it wasn't that hard to find a place of funeral they hid behind the tree and were silently watching the whole thing. Chappie never saw any funeral, he didn't really know what would exactly happen there. Deon told him that funeral is made for people that died, so their close ones can give them last goodbyes. That was all he told him, and Chappie understood that it's a very sad thing to do and didn't really ask for more explaining. They were sitting and listening. They were lucky that they could hear very well even from such a distance and their vision could be zoomed in. Human would see and hear almost nothing from this distance. Chappie was curiously looking at all these humans. They were all wearing black clothes and he could clearly see sad looks on their faces. He then looked back on Deon, who was sitting there like a statue. Chappie remembered on the day, when he transferred them both into new bodies. He understood that was a day, when Deon died as human and he stopped existing for the whole world. In that moment he realized that if he didn't save Deon that day, maybe he would also make a funeral for him, or something similar, so he could tell him goodbye. He was so glad that didn't happen and his Maker was still with him. Still, it pained him when he saw Deon's sorrow. There was his family and friends, and he will never be able to see them again. Chappie lowered his ears and he slowly moved to Deon, leaning into his side and wrapping an arm around his shoulders and taking his hand. His Maker stopped looking at the crowd of people and turned to his creation. Chappie was looking at him with a concerned look and Deon could tell, he did this, to make him sure he is not alone. He lost his family and practically everything he ever worked so hard for, but he didn't stay alone. Chappie was willing to stay with him, no matter what happens, and Deon couldn't be more thankful. He pulled his child close with his arm and whispered. \"Thank you…\" Chappie just nodded and Deon could see smile on his face, they then turned their looks back to funeral. Deon was looking at all those people, and he could see his parents, brother, everyone else from his family and there were even some friends from college that he didn't see for years. He was surprise when he spotted Michelle Bradley. Yes, she was his chief, but he didn't really expect her to come here. It was actually a little and pleasant surprise. Who knows what was going on in Tetravaal these days, but he was sure she had to deal with many problems. Being on his own funeral was awkward, but it wasn't the thing that pained him the most. The worst thing was looking at his own family. They were all thinking that he was dead and they would never see him again. Yes, they will never see him again, but not because he is dead. It is because he will never be able to come to them and show himself as a robot, saying he is their dead son. Who knows for how long they will have to hide from the world, but Deon was assuming that if they will be able to walk on streets again, his family won't be here anymore. He also felt… guilty, when he looked at Chappie. He was practically part of his family, he was his parents' grandchild, and they will never have chance to get to know him. They will never see how beautiful and brilliant he is, and Chappie will never know anyone of his family, than just Deon. He deserved to know them, and get accepted as a family member. This was making Deon cry inside, because so much more could be achieved, but it was lost in eternity. He gripped Chappie's hand and it was taking all his willpower to not start crying. All these problems that he had to overcome to this point, since he became a robot, didn't match up the feelings and pain he was feeling right now. It was ripping him apart, when he knew his loved ones are so close, but he couldn't even talk to them. They were sitting there until the funeral ended and they were about to leave. Before they did, Deon dared to stand there for a while and take a last look on his family. Suddenly he realized that Michelle was looking at him, and he disappeared from her sight. He hoped she didn't see him, but if she did, maybe she will just shrug it off. Chappie was already waiting for him, and they started their way back home. When night fell, Deon was sitting outside the house, looking at the sky, which was filled with stars. He didn't say a word since they returned and he knew he was probably making Chappie worry about him, but he just couldn't bring himself to talk. In the end Chappie sat next to him, and leaned on his side, patiently waiting for him to say at least something. He waited for an half of hour and nothing happened. Deon was still looking at the sky. Chappie couldn't stand it any longer and he gently rubbed his Maker's hand. \"Maker?\" He whispered those words as gently as he could and he was glad when he got Deon's attention. \"Yes, Chappie?\" His creation felt so relieved when he finally heard his voice again that he could feel it from Chappie's touch. \"I'm sorry. It had to be so hard for you, to look at your family…\" Deon looked at him with sad look. \"You don't have to be sorry, Chappie. That's just how it is… I'm just glad, I could see them… for one last time…\" He tried to hide the pain in his voice, but he knew he was terrible liar. \"Why are you still looking at the sky?\" Chappie asked innocently and Deon realized for how long he was sitting there. He looked up again and then back on his child. \"I don't know… Maybe, just because it is said that when someone dies, he goes up there. People think that when you die, your soul goes to heaven, or it just goes up to the sky. And some people think that stars are those who died and they are looking at us.\" Chappie's ears got up. \"That's what mommy told me. She told me that when you die, your soul goes to the next place, so that's the place?\" \"Well…. yes. \" \"So your family thinks you are there? And they think you are looking at them? So they look on the sky too?\" Chappie pointed to the sky and Deon looked on the stars. \"I guess… If it wasn't for you.\" He sighed deeply and he could feel himself sob. No, he had to stop, he couldn't cry, not in front of Chappie. He hated when he was lying a burden on his own child. This was his problem, he had to deal with it alone, Chappie suffered already enough. He had to be strong, he was an adult, for damn sake. Still, the sobbing couldn't stop, and he hated himself for it. He just wasn't too strong to overcome it. Chappie will see him cry again, and he will be worried and scared, like any other child. Why was it so hard? Why couldn't he stop his own sorrow? Why was it so hard to be a parent? He couldn't take care of himself, how was he supposed to take care of child? \"It's OK, Deon… It's OK…\" He turned to Chappie and young AI hugged him tight, and started to rub him on the back. \"It's OK to cry… Don't hold it in…\" Deon was in shock for few seconds, but then he sobbed. \"I'm a damn adult, I shouldn't cry! I am supposed to control myself, I should take care of you! And not cry like a baby!\" Deon shouted out and he couldn't take it any longer. He started to cry and pulled Chappie close to him, as he was the only thing that was keeping him alive in that moment. Chappie was patiently waiting, trying to his give his Maker assurance he is still there and he won't leave him. \"Sometimes it's OK to cry…You will feel better.\" When Deon finally calmed down a little, even when he was still sobbing and silently crying, Chappie dared to talk. \"It won't help, Chappie… Crying won't change anything. I just make you worried.\" \"Deon… I'm not a child anymore.\" Deon stopped sobbing when he heard that. \"I can take care of myself. I know you want to protect me, but don't hurt yourself because of me. Please, Maker…\" Chappie's grip on Deon's body got tighter. \"If you want to cry, then cry, I don't mind. You lost so much…I want you to stay with me, but please, don't torture yourself.\" Deon didn't say anything and he was just holding on to Chappie with all his strength. He never wanted to let him go, but those words calmed him down. \"I can't make up for your family… but I'll try. I'll do my best, so you will never feel alone.\" He put hand on back of Deon's head. \"I'll stay with you forever.\" \"No Chappie… you can't make up for my family…\" Deon whispered in much calmer voice, and he felt Chappie flinch. He knew it sounded harsh. But then he finally smiled. \"You can't make up for my family… because you are my family… You're my child. The best child that I could ever have.\" The hug just go tighter, but Deon didn't mind, he was happy. After such a long time and the emotional strike today, he was really happy. Yes, he lost his old life and family, but he wasn't alone and he had an amazing son. He was just too stupid to realize all by himself. Maybe he won't see his family ever again, and it will be hard to deal with it, but at least he had a reason to live. Chappie wiped his non existing nose. \"Deon, are you crying again?\" \"Yeah, I am… but because I'm happy!\" Deon laughed, even when there were still signs of cry. All those problems he had since he became a robot suddenly felt so distant. Now he understood, he wasn't reborn the day he became a robot, it happened today, when he finally realized what he has. Yes, his human body was dead, and his old life ended, but his new life began. He only had to see his own funeral to understand it. Life was funny, even hilarious. He had the most amazing, nicest child in the whole world and just today it became really clear to him. He let go of Chappie and looked in his eyes, putting a hand on his face. \"There is a nice saying Chappie. For the world, you are only one person, but for one person, you are the whole world.\" \"So… I mean the world to you, Maker?\" Chappie's voice was filled with child wonder and trust. \"Yes, you do.\" He rubbed Chappie's side of face and young AI leaned into it. \"Are you still sad, Maker?\" Deon shook his head. \"No… I know it will bother me whole life, but I'm not sad anymore. I was just stupid.\" \"Maker…\" \"Yeah? What is it Chapps?\" Chappie lowered his ears and leaned down on Deon's chest, hugging him with both arms. \"I love you.\" Deon blinked in shock, but after few seconds he just smiled and patted his child on the head. \"I love you too.\" He didn't even dare to imagine, Chappie would say these words one day, but it happened. Chappie was happily staying on the place and he was even happier when Deon returned the hug and put his chin on his head. It finally felt right, like Deon finally lost all that weight that was pulling him down. He could finally rest. \"I still need to teach you, how to be a real gangsta, Maker…\" Deon just chuckled. \"Leave me out of that, Chappie… I don't think I need that, but… do you think you could stay with me tonight? I want to get some sleep.\" Chappie nodded. \"Ja. I'll stay with you.\" He looked up to the sky again. He could even see moon now. Who knows, maybe he will meet with his family one day. Maybe he will live forever, maybe he will die. They will always live in his memories, and if souls really go to the next place, maybe he will see them there. For now, he will stay here with Chappie and he will never let go. ","Summary":" I wrote this fic as a bonus scene to \"Am I not human?\" by very talented and dear Kirmon64. We dec"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"What are you waiting for?","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11602359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The message came in the evening. When Deon read it, Chappie immediately came to him and raised his ears curiously. It was from Michelle, that's what he expected, but he was surprised, when he saw what it was about. She wanted to talk with them, not by phone, but in person, again. She also wrote it was very important and could change their situation. Chappie looked at Deon, waiting for him to say something. He started to have this habit of waiting for Deon, to talk first, when they were thinking about something. Chappie understood that he may be practically smarter than his Maker, but Deon was an adult. He had years of experience of being on this world, that's something Chappie couldn't really learn from books. He was also the one who knew Michelle the best from their group. He let Deon think for few minutes, sitting silently next to him. This was also his way to show respect to his Maker. Deon then finally sighed and looked at his creation. He nodded slightly. \"We'll go.\" Chappie smiled at him in his own way and hugged him. \"It'll be OK. We already got so far.\" Michelle wanted to meet next day. So, they had enough time to discuss it with Ninja and Yolandi. In the end, they decided to not go. They just didn't see enough reasons for it. Yes, the message said this could change their situation, but they knew they are not in charge here anymore. They have their choice, but in the end it was Chappie, who was making a final decision. They didn't have any real connection to Michelle, unlike Deon, so they didn't have a need to see her again, until everything is solved. Yes, there was some worry about what could actually happen, but Yolandi and even Ninja acknowledged that Chappie is grown up enough to take care of himself, same with Deon. They didn't fully trust Michelle, but she was making it very clear she wanted Deon back in her company, and she also wants Chappie. She also made it clear she is willing to accept Chappie's conditions that meant taking in Ninja and Yolandi. Deon couldn't sleep that night; his mind was too busy, thinking. What was going to happen in those next days? He still had that weird feeling and it didn't want to go away. He prayed nothing bad will happen. He rubbed his hands nervously and sensors reminded him he can feel touch again. There came a sigh and Deon turned to look at Chappie, who was sitting and reading a book. He didn't look nervous. Deon wondered, if Chappie wasn't afraid, was there a reason to be calm? He just shook his head, trying to remove bad thoughts from his mind, but it didn't really help. He needed some assurance. It took him few seconds to stand up and then silently sit next to Chappie and lean on him. His child looked at him curiously, but stayed silent. He knew, so he just wrapped an arm around Deon and pulled him close. They were slowly developing such a strong bond that they didn't even need words anymore. It wasn't telepathy, but they knew very well body language of each other. It also seemed they just knew when the other one is happy, sad, or just nervous and needs someone close. Deon was much grateful for this, not only because he didn't have to talk, when he didn't feel like it, but it gave him feeling of having a special bond with his child. Yes, it will be OK, he just needed to be reminded of that. Michelle decided to take day off. It didn't matter to her, how much more bullshit she has to come through to get everything back to normal, she was going to take the day off. It was also very much needed, because she didn't sleep properly for few days. Her company was making robots, but she wasn't a robot herself. She wondered how this day would go. There was no reply to her message, so she had to get to the place that was mentioned in the message, and see if there would be anyone. The place was on the edge of the town, so there will hopefully not be so many people. Meeting in day light was very dangerous choice, but there was not really a choice this time. She needed to talk to them first, and then with Vincent. To be honest, it all depended on their decision, not Vincent's. Why did she even come up with such a crazy plan? Just because her world was upside down these days, and she was trying to find any possible way, how to save it all. She will take a long vacation, when it's once again possible. She was about to start up her car, but stopped, taking a deep breath. \"OK, OK, it will be fine. Just need to stay calm. If I can be in charge of this crazy company, I can deal with this.\" She finally started up the car and got on way to the edge of the town. It was a sunny day, and even when it was time around a new year, it was hot. She missed American weather. That made her sure, when she will take vacation, it will be somewhere with colder weather. She stopped the car and got out slowly. Michelle didn't really have a reason to be that afraid. Scouts were made by her company, so if anyone would see them, she could say they are testing new prototypes. So no, she wasn't scared of humans. This was more about Chappie. She trusted him, but this was only the second time they will meet face to face. He was not aggressive by any means, in fact he was very polite and had good manners, but there was that silent respect that she had for him. Michelle didn't think he would attack her, he didn't have a reason. He beat up Vincent, because of many very understandable reasons. Otherwise he seemed to be very peaceful; she could guess this was also because of Deon. There was no way Deon's own child would be aggressive and dangerous. Chappie just had so much of Deon's personality traits, that Michelle couldn't even imagine him beating up people just for fun. It wasn't really a fear of him; she just needed more time to get used on his presence. It was very strange feeling to know you are around someone, who would be able to burn the whole town in few days, if he would really want to. She leaned on her car and looked around, curious if they are about to come. She was standing for about ten minutes. Then there was a sound. Michelle looked on the side and between the trees. Two blue glowing eyes were watching her and there were also two big ears, holding up. So, there he was. Chappie made a gesture, to let her know he wants her to follow. Michelle didn't waste a second and went between trees that sheltered her from a direct sunshine. After few more steps, she stopped, standing right in front of Chappie and also Deon. There was no one else, so it looks like they decided to come alone, without Ninja and Yolandi. To be honest, Michelle didn't really mind, after the last encounter with them. The thought of only talking to these two, was already more relaxing. \"Hello, Miss Bradley.\" Chappie greeted her with a wave of hand, and Michelle took a relieved breath. Yes, this will be far more relaxed than last time. Deon also looked far calmer than on previous meeting. She waved back with a smile. \"Hello, Chappie, Deon. I'm glad you decided to come.\" Deon's ears got up. \"You wrote you could help us, how?\" Well, this will take time. So she decided to sit on the ground. Dirty clothes were the last thing that bothered her these days. She waited for them to sit close by and thought it's actually really nice, how Chappie is always keeping himself close to Deon. He also visibly didn't have any need to be cautious anymore, so he just leaned on Deon's side and wiped his \"nose\". God, she wished more children of this world were as calm and disciplined as he was. She just admired how much respect he was showing for Deon. When they met back then, he was always turning to his Maker and asking him, what they should do. Even though he was clearly far more intelligent than any human being, he was waiting for Deon's opinions and approvals. She will certainly not mind to have them both in her company. \"Yes, I think I found a way. I can't get you back into TetraVaal, yet. We are making progress, but it needs more patience. I meant I could help you to live in a better place. Also, did you like those books? I hope I picked at least one good book.\" Chappie's ears got up and he nodded like a happy child on Christmas.\"Yes! I liked them a lot!\" Michelle smiled genuinely. She never had her own kids, but she didn't wonder anymore, how someone could get so attached to this robot. Michelle took her bag and pulled out two books. \"Well, I thought you would like more of them.\" Chappie got his look fixed on books and he shyly reached for them. \"I can… take them?\" \"Yes, they are yours.\" Michelle laughed, and Chappie looked back at Deon. There was a single nod and Chappie immediately took books and started to check them out. Michelle could swear she would watch this all day. It was fascinating to watch him, exploring something new. \"Thank you.\" He thanked and she nodded in approval. Chappie pulled books close to himself and Michelle still wondered how gentle he is with things. It was unexpected, since he had so much strength he could without any effort throw the whole bus across the street. Despite that, he was taking things into his hands very gently and carefully. She then turned to Deon and could clearly see he was having a good time, watching his child being so happy. Good, now was coming the hard part. So, with a deep breath, she started to talk. \"Now, I'll tell you what I have in mind.\" Both Scouts looked at her and she continued. \"As I said, I want you to live on a better place, but there is a second part to that. I want you in company, but I also want someone else back…And I want you to help me.\" Deon's ears were slowly dropping down, realizing who she was talking about. He gave her a long stare and then dared to talk. \"Vincent…. You want him back?! After everything he has done?!\" Deon snapped and Michelle nodded. \"Yes, and I want you to help me.\" Chappie's ears also lowered and he leaned back. \"Vincent…\" He was thinking for a while, remembering all those horrible things. Yes, he forgave him, but seeing him again, was totally different story. He hoped he will never have to see that man again. \"What do you mean by helping?\" Deon asked nervously and Michelle could see this was getting complicated. To be honest, she expected him to freak out, but she would be so happy, if it didn't happen. She had to choose words carefully. \"Deon, I know I am asking for a lot, but please hear me out. We both know Vincent isn't evil, he was trying to do right thing, and believe me, I already told him what I think about his methods. Still… You two are the best employees I have; you are intelligent, skilled and innovative. You both have great potential, but I think it would be even better, if you would work together. \" Deon was thinking for a while, before answering. Chappie was silent, also lost in his thoughts. He also thought it will be better to let Deon talk. \"Even if I would be able to forgive him and be willing to cooperate, I highly doubt he would do the same…\" That was all Deon could say in that moment. He actually wasn't really sure if he would be able to forgive Vincent everything and just start to work with him. He looked at Chappie and felt a new feeling. The thought of Vincent being around his child was actually making him furious. Of course there was no way, Vincent could mean any danger to them, but only the thought made him shiver. His overprotective side was once again letting him know it exists. \"It doesn't really matter what he will say. Today I am going to ask him, if he will be even willing to go back to TetraVaal. He doesn't know about you, and when he says yes, he will not have any other choice than to obey. I went through a lot of shit, because of him, he will obey, or I will throw him right into a police office.\" Deon looked at her. \"What does this have to do with our living place?\" \"Everything. I said I want you to work together, but since we have some personal problems in way, first, you must get along. When that happens, I think you all will form an amazing team, which will bring this company back on the top.\" Deon didn't have a stomach anymore, but if he would, he swears it would get very tight now. \"You mean…. you want us to live in one place, together?\" \"Yes. I know Vincent won't be happy that I want to move you into his own house, but I was there, there is enough place for all of you. He will just have to deal with it.\" Deon couldn't almost believe what he was hearing. Chappie was just sitting there, stunned. \"Madam… Isn't that a little… illegal?\" Michelle looked at Deon, and days of stress and sleepless nights showed up. \"Just like stealing a police robot? And uploading an AI program into it? And then getting involved with gangsters? Or shutting down all robots in town and causing many deaths, robberies and other crimes? Oh, Deon, I don't care anymore, what is fucking legal or illegal. I'm just trying to fix as many mistakes as I can.\" There was a silence, and nobody dared to break it. Chappie was looking at Michelle and noticing every detail of her face. Suddenly she looked ten years older. She looked tired, drained and worried. She finally sighed. \"We are all to blame. No one is clear, we all carry a burden of guilt. I'm not sure we can fix everything. I'm not even sure if we can get TetraVaal back as it was. And there are things that we can't change.\" She looked at Deon's robotic body. \"I feel so sorry we can't turn back the time, but that's how life goes. We can only clean up the mess we all made. To be honest, I feel like you are my last hope. If I can't get you all together and make some amazing things, I feel like I will just retire. I guess I'm getting old for this shit.\" Deon's ears lowered and he looked down. It was all true, they were all to blame and if nothing good happens, TetraVaal may go down. He spent several years at this company. He could just say goodbye to all of it, but he felt something was calling him back, like he still had an unfinished business there. Maybe, just maybe, could they make it? \"Ironically, you and Vincent are my best hopes, and at the same time the biggest downfall. You got this company up and then you got it down. Just because one succeeded, and the second one was jealous. How could I not see this coming? Still, I think you two could achieve so much more, if you would work together.\" She turned to Deon's child. \"And you, Chappie. You are the best thing that ever came out of this company. Before you were born, we were just making and selling weapons, nothing more. Scouts were weapons, very sophisticated ones, but still weapons, you are so much more. I'll give you as much freedom as you will want. You may be able to help so many people.\" Chappie was looking at her for a while and then looked at Deon. His Maker didn't look very sure, he was still thinking himself. Still, he himself didn't see anything wrong with this. Vincent was the only problem he would have to deal with, but there was so much more he could get in exchange. He would be able to do what he wants, and also… He looked at Deon again. He may be able to help many people, but mainly, he would be able to help Deon and Mommy. With Michelle's approval to use TetraVaal's technology, he would be able to make better bodies for his loved ones. That's what he wanted. Dealing with Vincent was a very small price he would have to pay. If he would be able to give his family a good life, he would do anything for Michelle and her company. He leaned on Deon's side and right in that moment, Deon knew what his child was thinking. Somehow he just knew. \"I don't want to force you into anything; I fully understand you have problems with the thought of living in near presence of Vincent. I guess you will need more time to think about this.\" To her surprise, Chappie got close to her and pull her close in embrace, leaving her totally shocked. He didn't hurt her or anything, it was just shocking. He was so warm and gentle; it almost really felt like a child was hugging her. Once she settled down, it was actually relaxing. He was giving that feeling of safety that everyone needed when feeling bad. \"We'll make it better, I promise.\" He said and slowly leaned back, letting Michelle go. She smiled at him. \"Thank you.\" Then she looked at Deon and her former employee just nodded. Then Michelle remembered, and reached into her bag, taking out a folder. \"I almost forgot, I have something for you, Deon.\" His ears got up and looked at folder; Chappie was also curiously leaning close. \"Your parents sent me this. I told them you are alive, but I don't have a way to contact you, still, they gave me this, telling me that if I meet you, they want you to have it. It's probably a letter.\" Deon reached to her and took a folder, looking at it for a while. Yes, he knew this handwriting. He felt his like his heart jumped up. They didn't forget about him, and he could read what they wanted to tell him. He never thought such day would come. He noticed Chappie scooted closer to him and Deon just patted him on the head. \"We'll read it together, OK?\" Chappie nodded happily and Deon then turned to Michelle. \"Thank you.\" \"I only gave it to you; I can't guarantee what is inside.\" She chuckled. \"I guess I should get home and have some tea or coffee and lay down. It's a mad house these days. I still need to talk to Vincent today.\" To her surprise, Deon actually chuckled. \"You know what. Tell him hello, from me.\" \"You know what; I will actually do that, just to see his reaction.\" They laughed. \"Deon, do you know what is the funniest thing right now?\" Scouts looked at her, ears moving curiously. \"All of this, all this crap actually connected us. We are all connected by guilt and mistakes we made .We maybe destroyed our whole lives, but to be honest, I think I was never closer to you, or anyone at company. It just made me think so much. I even feel closer to Vincent than before, because I was thinking so much, why he did it. This may sound crazy, and I think that would be possible, since I don't sleep much these days, but maybe the breakdown was the best thing that could happen to TetraVaal.\" \"Well, maybe we'll get a second chance.\" Deon said and Michelle smiled. \"You're doing pretty well for a nerdy kid. Well, I guess I should go, and you too. I still have worked to do.\" Vincent was waiting impatiently. Not because he really knew the answer to Michelle's question, but just because he wanted to get this over with. He spent all day and night in thoughts, and he just wanted to talk and get it all out. So when Michelle finally came, he already felt much better. \"Hello, Vincent.\" She didn't waste any time and sat on chair, next to the bed. \"So, what is your answer?\" \"I would have few questions.\" He sounded calm, good that was a good sign. When he was calm, he could be reasoned with very well. \"Ok, so ask.\" \"I would like to know… If am I willing to go back to TetraVaal, can I be sure, I won't be arrested?\" Michelle rubbed her face, tired. \"Yes, that's one of the main things that I am working on right now. We'll be able to keep you free, but believe me; it took more than five lawyers to achieve this…\" Vincent blinked, surprised. \"I actually wonder, why you are doing all of this. It could be much easier for you to let me drown in all those problems.\" Michelle was silent for a while and then nodded. \"Yeah, it would be easier, but remember, I still take you as a friend and employee. And to be honest, I need you back in there.\" Vincent leaned back into pillow with both arms crossed on his chest. This just seemed too good to be true. He could understand she needed him back in company, but he won't be arrested and it looked like there won't be any punishment. There was something more behind this. \"If I come back, what do you want me to do?\" \"First, I want you to swear you will do everything, that I will order you. I already told you, you will work in a team. Like this, I will keep an eye on you, and you will get a second chance to get back on the top of company order. So no, you will not return to your previous position, you must get back there from lower point.\" She was carefully watching him. After all these years she recognized his thinking process. When he was thinking for minutes, Michelle always knew it's all on a good way. Vincent wasn't rushing anywhere, he would take a while to think, but when he decided, it was for good. And the longer the thinking was, the bigger was his interest. When he finally returned back to reality, he looked at her. \"Who are those people?\" \"They wanted me to keep their names a secret, for now. So you will not have an urge to look up anything on them, until you meet. Look, Vincent, I have a plan that can get TetraVaal back in game, and you are part of that plan, very important part. And who knows, when you will do well, maybe we will build Moose one day again… In case you will not use it again for your own needs to raise your ego. So, what do you say?\" She reached to him and offered him a hand. \"I'm giving you a second chance, will you take it?\" Vincent looked at her and then at her hand. Still thinking, there was something more behind this, he knew it, but when he knew how much Michelle did for him, to keep him free, she had to have good intentions with him. Slowly, he reached to her and squeezed her hand. \"I'll go back, and help you.\" Michelle smiled, and felt a big relief. Those sleepless nights are finally paying off. The plan was getting in motion. She was sure, Vincent was expecting something she didn't tell him about, but that didn't matter. It will work out, it must. \"Thank you. I talked to doctors, they say you should stay here for few more days and then you can go home. You are still not in perfect shape, so you can't exercise, or take long tours and similar things, so you will take a rest for few days, before you will meet with your new… friends.\" Vincent actually smiled. \"I feel like back on high back on high school, and you are teacher that tries to make a class of kids befriend each other.\" Michelle laughed. \"Yes, that's what I am. I need to look after you all, like you are small kids.\" She looked surprised when Vincent took her hand again and smiled. \"Thank you, Michelle. Thank you for giving me a second chance.\" \"You should be thankful, just don't screw it up again, OK?\" Vincent nodded humbly. \"I will do my best.\" He then watched her stand up. \"I should go, I need some coffee. I'll visit you, before you will go home. Just be patient, OK?\" Vincent nodded, and then came a very confusing sentence, he didn't understand. \"I almost forgot, Deon says hello to you.\" There was a silence, and for a while, Vincent was looking at her, like she went crazy. He knew very well what happened to Deon, he knew about the funeral, so what was the meaning of this? In return, she just smiled. \"I'll let you think about these words.\" She left the room and left him sitting there, totally confused. Days passed, but in different temp, than before they met with Michelle. They were slower. It was like when you are a child, and you wait for Christmas to finally come. The truth was, they were waiting, but for something else. When Deon and Chappie returned home, they had a long talk with Yolandi and Ninja. No one was happy, when they knew of the fact, they will have to live with Vincent, but there was so much they could get. Chappie new very well what they are thinking. Who would want to live with someone who tried to kill you and even succeed at some points? It was certainly most awkward for Yolandi. Vincent killed her and America. Chappie's ears lowered every time he thought of the man who taught him so much, but he didn't' have any chance to bring him back. Looks like there are things in world you just can't fix, no matter how hard you try. He sat next to Yolandi and took her hand, making her sure he won't let anything bad happen her again, or anyone else. Vincent meant no danger to them. Ha had no Moose anymore and Chappie was sure he will still need some more time to fully recover, he was in no shape to hurt them. Plus, there was always Michelle, who made them sure that he will not try anything. When it came to Ninja he just nodded silently. There was no point to really argue, since Chappie and Deon already decided and older man was just tagging along for some time now. He didn't dare to stand against Chappie. Yes, he was arguing with Deon, but not with Chappie. Days when Ninja was using him and lying to him were over. He didn't even dare to yell at him. Chappie didn't really know how to feel about this. Yes, he was glad Ninja was a little scared of him and respected him, but he didn't want their relationship to be so cold for forever. The day they were talking about this crazy scenario, Chappie came to Ninja and just sat next to him. It was totally different than with Deon, but Chappie didn't really mind. He was used to it at this point. Ninja was once again smoking and he looked rather confused when he saw the Scout sitting right next to him. He didn't know what to expect, but the least possible thing was a friendly conversation. When there was nothing to stress about, it wasn't so bad to talk with Ninja, you just had to know right words to say. Chappie already recognized, Ninja wasn't really used to have someone else talking to him nice and without being rude. So his reactions were very often over the top, but there was always chance it will get better. Today he just wanted to make him sure, nothing bad will happen to them. He will keep an eye on Vincent, and even when Ninja was trying to act like he didn't need any assurance, Chappie saw it made him feel better. There was no screaming, no swearing, it was just a nice little moment, and those were really rare between them. He may not take Ninja as his father anymore, but he was still part of family, and Chappie felt like he is actually very good at getting people close to each other. When he came back, he saw Deon talking to Yolandi, he knew what they were talking about. And he was glad his Maker was also trying to help his mommy to feel better about this. Waiting was boring, he didn't like it, but that's all he could do, for now. It took a whole week, but many things happened during that time. When they returned from a meeting with Michelle, Deon decided to open a letter and Chappie put head on Deon's shoulder, waiting for him to read it. His Maker started to read. There were so many papers, that alone made Deon happy. He always loved to read messages from his family, and now it means even more to him. He was glad his family is OK, and he doesn't need to worry about them. He knew he is sobbing, when he read parts, about how much they hope he is OK, and will be able to see them again. They missed him very much, he knew it. He had to be the worst son ever, to make them suffer like that. Some parts made him sad, some made him smile. In the end, he remembered his wish to visit England and see them again. He will, one day, and how it seemed like that day isn't that far away. When they are able to walk on streets again, he will contact them as fast as possible. He looked at Chappie, who was still leaning on him happily. Deon just smiled for himself, imagining the moment, when they will get to know his child. He leaned back on Chappie, putting head on his one. Today he will have a good sleep. Chappie met again with Andile again, and this time they spent much more time together. Of course they needed to stay hidden, so no one could see a police robot going around, but Chappie was fascinated by very second that he could spend with another child. His curious and young mind, finally met someone else, who was so young and still had to learn about the world. They could talk for hours and would never get bored. Humans were really fascinating. He started to feel bad, when he realized they will soon move to another place, and he won't be able to talk with Andile anymore. Well, for some time. When they are able to walk on streets again, he will be sure to return here to see how is Andile doing. He promised he will return. You can never forget your first friend, after all. When that time comes, he will be also able to get know Andile's friends, they will play soccer and have fun. Kids were awesome, and they had one big advantage in Chappie's eyes, unlike adults, they didn't lie. There was also a big relief that came in these days. Chappie noticed that Deon was much calmer and focused. He didn't have any of his panic attacks and wasn't nervous. It was like something changed in him, like something clicked in his brain and he got into another mode. Chappie wondered what is the cause of this. After some time of watching Deon, he finally understood. Deon was thinking, he was keeping his mind busy, and that pretended him from getting stressed and being miserable. It was so long, since Chappie saw him like this. The last time was when they were getting Mommy back. The only other time was those first few days when he was born. Since Deon became a robot, he lost this mood. Chappie finally understood. His Maker needed some stimulation, work, problems he could solve and think about. Without anything to make his mind busy, he became depressed and desperate. That was also one of reasons, why these days were so hard for him. Then Chappie wanted to laugh, when he realized he is all the same as his Maker. He also needed to be occupied by something. Well, making their bodies better will occupy him for some time that was for sure. He was really glad to see Deon back in his old creative mood. Everything was just a question of time, but it seemed everything is turning to a better side. Michelle could finally get some sleep, and it was a good sleep. The tension was slowly going away from her mind and even when it wasn't entirely gone, she was far more relaxed. She was feeling so much better that she even was there with Vincent when he was leaving hospital. His family was far away in Australia, so she thought it would be nice if someone would make him a little company. Michelle could clearly see, he is happy as small child, when finally leaving hospital and hoping he will never return there again. To be honest, she hoped for the same. When she was thinking about it, Deon and Vincent were very similar to each other, they both hated to be grounded. Deon needed something to think of, and Vincent needed to move around. Making him stay on one place wasn't healthy for his mind. When they got to his home, she didn't mind to spend there some time, just sitting and talking. Michelle recognized very well his attempts to make her slip and get some info about his future colleagues, and there was no success. She just knew him too well to be tricked. The day finally came. Michelle decided the best place to meet would be her own company. TetraVaal had many large places, but she ironically chose a room for Moose. She contacted Chappie and told them where to go. Sky was already getting dark, when she picked them up with a car and they rode to TetraVaal. This was certainly a bittersweet feeling. When they entered the building, Deon was reminded of old days, when he was working here. It all felt so familiar, but at the same time distant. He would also be happier, if Michelle didn't choose Moose's room for this meeting. So many things happened there, and to be honest, he would rather forget them. This was the place, where he died and was reborn as robot. This place and events of that fateful day were still haunting him in his dreams. He never liked this room. It was like Vincent, big, loud and all over the place. The Scout workshop was totally different; it was small, focused and humble. Those places showed perfectly how different they both are. And now they were supposed to work together, life was crazy. Michelle got into the center of room a table with chairs. They sat down and Michelle started to explain, how this evening would go. The plan went like this, wait for Vincent to arrive and then, whatever will happen. When they heard opening of doors, they waited in total silence and dark. They didn't turn the lights on; let this be a little surprise for him. There were footsteps and then the door opened. Everyone's look was fixed on the other side of room, and they could finally see him. Deon felt like taking a deep breath, if he still could, here it comes. Vincent entered the big room and looked around slowly, and then he noticed something in the middle. If there was someone, why weren't lights on? He closed the door and slowly went to the middle of the room. It felt so long, since he was here for the last time. Days in hospital were passing so slowly, and all those events seemed suddenly so far away. It felt so weird and unsettling, when he saw Moose is gone. He was working on that robot for so long, and now it was gone, destroyed, in one day. He continued and then he finally recognized table and something more, something he could not identify. Then he stopped, when there appeared blue shining eyes and they stared at him. He knew this, he knew these glowing eyes, but no, this couldn't be… Eyes moved up, and started to move in his direction. He started to take steps back, no, just no, this couldn't be happening again. That godless beast was gone! He continued to withdraw, but eyes didn't stop. \"No, no, NO, NO, NO! You can't be here! You are gone!\" Vincent yelled and there was a clear fear in his voice. He sounded like he was thinking he is seeing a ghost, or someone tries to kill him. He was going back, and in the end he ended pushed against the wall. He could always run away, but fear totally conquered him in that moment. He knew ha made bad things, but he didn't understand why God was torturing him like this. That abomination was gone, destroyed! So why was it haunting him?! He had to be dreaming, this couldn't be real! He was leaning on the wall and looking up, and then when eyes lowered down and leaned close to him, Vincent blinked in confusion. This wasn't the same forsaken machine. Neon orange color, was what surprised him the most. He knew this Scout, it was a prototype that was also stored in this room, together with Moose. He looked at its glowing eyes and it leaned closer to him. What was happening here? \"Hello, Vincent, remember me?!\" He knew that voice, he knew that damn voice! But that wasn't possible… \"...D… Deon?\" Scout leaned even closer to him, so their faces were only centimeters away from each other. \"So your memory still works, good.\" Vincent couldn't move, he was shaking, but he wasn't able to make his body move. He was sitting there, staring into those glowing blue eyes; they were going right through him. What nightmare was this?! Deon was dead! Why was this thing talking with his voice?! The worst thing was it wasn't only the voice, Vincent recognized his body language. \"YOU'RE DEAD! YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE LYING SIX FEET UNDER! STOP HAUNTING ME!\" Vincent yelled furiously and finally forced his muscles to raise arm and try to punch that damn robot right into face. Before that could happen, Deon grabbed his arm and stopped him. It was so easy, there was no effort. Just now he fully realized how strong his robotic body is, holding Vincent on place was like taming a small child with tantrum. He was trying to get away, growling and cursing. \"LET ME GO YOU FREAK FROM HELL! LET ME GO!\" Deon didn't let go, or make his grip tighter he was just watching older man, as he was trying to get away. He saw Vincent furious many times over the years, but never like this. On the other hand, what did he expect? Vincent was trying harder every second, but it was useless. It took him few minutes to finally calm down and it was only because of exhaustion. \"You're dead… Go away.\" He whined and looked at Deon, his face all red. \"I'm not dead, I never was. I was here for the whole time. And you know why?\" In that moment, Vincent looked up, when he heard footsteps and he flinched, when he saw a second Scout. \"Because Chappie saved me.\" Vincent was watching the other Scout and he wanted to get away as fast as possible. All these movements, the walking, moving of arms, he knew this. The machine kneeled down next to Deon and leaned close to Vincent. \"Hey, Vincent. Are you still a bad man?\" Was he going crazy? Was this a dream, or rather nightmare? He wanted to run, but a strong grip on his arm reminded him how real this is. Vincent looked away from them, closing his eyes, hoping that when he will open them again, those monsters will be gone. After a while he finally opened eyes, but they were still there. \"Let me go… LET ME GO!\" He yelled, not knowing what else he should do. Chappie was curiously watching him. He saw him scared back then, but this was somehow different. He felt helpless, and looks like that was the worst thing that could happen to this man. Chappie didn't have any intentions to hurt him anymore, but his and Deon's presence was enough to make Vincent go crazy. \"I'll let you go, when you calm down.\" Deon said and Vincent stared at him. There was so much hate in that one look, but also fear. \"To let you know, I won't smash you on the desk and pull a gun right into your face.\" Vincent's eyes widened, when he heard that. How could this thing know… \"Vincent, stop acting like a small and immature child.\" He looked up and saw Michelle coming to them. \"I'm really sick of your bullshit, so shut up and calm down.\" He was staring at her with open mouth, not knowing what to say. What was even happening here?! He was even more shocked, when the blue Scout got up and stood beside her, and she was totally OK with it. \"When you calm down, I invite you to table over there.\" She nodded back into darkness. \"Deon and Chappie will hold you down, until you are able to communicate like a normal human being.\" She turned and went back to table. \"And yes, it is them, in case you have any doubts.\" Vincent grumbled, but since Deon was still holding him on place, he rather obeyed. It took him maybe five minutes to finally calm down and he was the whole time staring at Deon. Chappie was standing next to them. He didn't feel any need to help his Maker to hold Vincent down. When Vincent finally seemed calmed enough, Deon let go of his arm. Older man withdrew the arm back immediately and gave Deon hateful look. \"Yeah, I'm also glad to see you again.\" The clear sound of Deon's voice was enough to make Vincent frown, but he didn't do anything else. He stood up, just like Deon, and took another look at both Scouts. This just felt so weird, so unnatural. He couldn't stop stare at them, it was almost like he expected attack in any minute. Yeah, why not send him right back to hospital? Chappie clearly understood, what Vincent was thinking, and he came closer to him. \"I told you I forgive you, I won't hurt you anymore.\" \"...I never asked you for forgiveness.\" Vincent headed to table and Chappie looked at Deon. His Maker just shook his head and patted Chappie on face, making him sure it's OK. Then they followed Vincent. When he finally got to the table, he saw Michelle, then a man with very unpleasant look and then… Oh God no, another robot. With human face! No, this was too much for him. He felt like he is going to faint any time now. Before that could happen Chappie grabbed him and set him on chair. Even his patience had its limits. Vincent looked at him with a very displeased look, but stayed quiet. When Chappie and Deon also sit down, Michelle took a deep breath. They finally got to this point. She rubbed her face and looked at everyone around the table. \"So, we are finally here. All of us. Believe me, getting you all here wasn't easy, many things happened during these weeks, and I hope it will all pay out.\" She noticed Vincent raising his hand, just a child in school. \"Yes, Vincent?\" \"Could someone tell me what is even happening here?!\" They all looked at him, and Michelle sighed, knowing she will be the one explaining everything. Then she was stopped by Chappie. \"After I beat you, I managed to transfer my and Deon's mind into another bodies. Later we made body for Mommy and got her mind in. We met with Miss Michelle some time ago, and since then she is helping us. That's how it went.\" Vincent was staring at him and Chappie's ears rose. Michelle sighed. \"Thank you, Chappie, I think that's enough for a simple explanation. You may know details later, Vincent, now I want to discuss why we are all here. By coming here, you all practically agreed you would cooperate with me. Remember, Vincent, you promised it in hospital.\" \"B… But-\" \"I want you all in this company, and I want you all to work together.\" She noticed Vincent is flinching. \"I want Scouts back in production as fast as possible, but make them better. And we can for sure come up with new ideas. And before you start yell and curse Vincent, yes, if you prove yourself, we will build Moose again. I don't want any more rivalry between you and Deon, you will work together. Think about it, we all are to blame, and if we want this company back on top and fix what we screwed, sticking together is the best option. I gave you few days, to think, so, who is in?\" She crossed arms on her chest and looked at everyone. After a while, Chappie wiped his \"nose\" and raised a hand. \"I'm in.\" Deon looked at him and with a slight nod raised his hand too. They talked about this so much, it was decided long ago. Few more moments passed and Yolandi with Ninja did the same. Everyone's eyes landed on Vincent, who was just shaking his head. \"You can't be serious…\" \"Vincent, this is your only chance, I already told you that.\" Michelle stared at him, with a serious face and Vincent looked around. So, this was his punishment, what she didn't tell him about. \"I promise no one will attack you and treat you bad, even after what you have done. We are giving you a second chance, take it, or go right into jail and think about your life. We can do so much more, but truth is, I need you, to make this plan work.\" He took a deep breath and took a while to think. Then, after all inner struggles and curses raised his hand. Hoping he won't regret it in future. He still had so many questions, but he was willing to do this, for now. Michelle nodded. \"Then it's decided. So, let's go home.\" When they were leaving, Chappie took one look back, but then continued. There was still one more thing that Vincent will have to know about, and it will be better, when it will be just him and Michelle in the room. She looked right into his eyes and inhaled. \"There is one more thing Vincent that I want from you.\" \"Don't you think you already want TOO MUCH from me?\" He replied and actually had problems to control his inner chaos. \"I want you, to let them live with you, in your house.\" Vincent took a while, staring blankly at her, processing those words. \"With all respect madam… ARE YOU CRAZY?! You can't just forcefully move them to MY OWN home! You can't do that!\" Vincent was trying to control himself, but this was too much. \"I already told you, Vincent, this is your only option, if you want to stay in my company and not make me throw you right into police station. You screwed up very much, mister, very much, and I'm not going to tolerate that. I give you a chance to start again, or, I will kick you out and look what will happen with you. So…\" She put hands on her hips. \"What is your choice?\" The Australian was watching her for the whole half of minute and his face showed many different moods. He knew he didn't have other choice. He had to accept this, and it was driving him crazy. She had him right where she wanted, he had to say yes. No, he didn't want to, but… what else could he do? In the end he guessed he should be eternally grateful for getting a second chance. Still, he felt like his nerves would break. \"So, what is the answer, soldier?\" Vincent looked down and then slowly nodded. \"I accept.\" He said those words in humble voice. He had to obey, for now… ","Summary":" The message came in the evening. When Deon read it, Chappie immediately came to him and raised his "},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Am I Not Human?","Author":"Kirmon64","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11392747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Continuing the trend of taking titles from songs, because titles are hard. This time it's Two Steps From Hell's \"Am I Not Human?\" If any South Africans/Johannesburg inhabitants happen to read this, please let me know how accurate my guesses were lol. Google was less than helpful. Concrit is, as always, much appreciated. December 1st is, quite possibly, the worst day of Michelle Bradley's life. First, the Scouts fail en masse for no reason that anyone can discern. Not only are the police brass about ready to murder her, the government's getting antsy. And then the shareholders get in on the action, and really, it's all she can do to keep them all from jumping ship. Deon shows up early in the morning, which is a blessing after how erratic he'd been for the past few days. Then he vanishes just as abruptly as he arrived, which might not have been a big deal if he wasn't their best chance of figuring out what the hell was going on. If she weren't so tangled up with the JMPD brass she'd have given him a piece of her mind. (If she weren't so tangled up with the JMPD brass, she might have realized that Deon's uncharacteristic unreliability was a symptom of something much bigger. Hindsight's 20/20, they say.) Vincent won't stop pestering her about the Moose. She wants it to succeed, she wants him to succeed, but now is absolutely not the time. The thing was a walking tank, it wasn't suited to dispersing rioters. Then, at quarter after six, the only functioning Scout makes the news. Michelle can feel her world crumbling around her. Tetravaal is finished ... unless she can stop that robot, and stop it now . Vincent provides the solution. -x The next Michelle sees of Vincent, he's being flung across the room. She runs. It's not something she's keen on admitting to anyone, but she does. Later her husband will reassure her that it was the right thing to do, that there was no way she could have done anything to stop the rogue Scout. He's right, she knows he's right. At the time, however, she's too busy being terrified and ashamed. She's not even the one to call the police, or to check that Vincent's still alive. At least she's together enough to give a statement later, and to start to organizing damage control. Then the police inform her that Deon's dead, and everything goes to hell once again. -x Most of Tetravaal's employees go home after the police get their statements. She can't legally keep them there, most of them have been there since six in the morning, and they're all dead on their feet anyway. The rogue Scout's in the Moose bay with a dead battery, the rioting's been contained, there's nothing that needs to fixed right that second. Michelle works from home until her husband drags her to bed at one in the morning. At least she manages to get everyone off her back for a couple days until they figure out what the fuck happened. -x About half of Tetravaal's employees show up come nine am. Some arrive earlier; Michelle is among these, even if she's running on fumes by this point. They don't really have an office space anymore; the cubicles are destroyed, there's glass everywhere, and there are several spots of red-stained carpet that nobody wants to go anywhere near. Michelle makes arrangements to have the area cleaned, and then sets up a temporary workspace in another wing with what's left of her office employees. Reports trickle in throughout the day. Every single one is like a blow to the gut. Vincent's in intensive care and had surgery during the night due to internal bleeding. Broken arm, broken leg, broken ribs, broken nose. Half the bones in his right hand are fractured, he's got a severe concussion, and the doctors say there's possible brain damage. Still, they say he's got a good chance to pull through, though it might take him months or even years to return to his previous level of mobility. Deon, on the other hand, is very definitely dead. He's not been thoroughly examined yet, but the early reports suggest he'd died of blood loss from a bullet wound through his abdomen. How he got shot in the first place is another matter entirely, one that nobody has answers for. Then, she's informed of the contents of the security camera recordings. It'll take hours to go through them, of course. The JMPD get a copy of the recordings, but Tetravaal needs answers too. The first thing they check is the Moose bay at the time of Deon's death, because it's as good a place to start as any. It creates more questions than it does answers. They still have no idea how Deon got shot. When he arrives, it's with the assistance of the rogue Scout, and his shirt's already soaked with blood. Vincent tries to stop them, which gets him a trip to the ICU in short order. Things get... strange after that. There's a lot of excitement over the neural helmet, and a laptop that the Scout had brought with it. Deon slumps over, passed out or dead, and the test Scout jumps . Everyone in the room collectively realizes that Deon may not be dead after all... and neither is the rogue Scout. -x Everything starts to fall into place very quickly after that. The laptop was confiscated by the police, but they give Tetravaal a copy of some of its files. 'Consciousness_transfer_test,dat ' does not take a genius to decode, but the actual contents of the program are another matter. Her technicians inform her it's written in assembly, which is apparently incomprehensible techno-bullshit even to nerds. It's mind-boggling to think that the Scout wrote the program. It was either it or Deon, and this wasn't Deon's work. This, the technicians are adamant about. It's mind-boggling to think that the program worked ... The server data logs confirm that not only does the program work on humans, it works on robots , too. The helmet hadn't even been designed for it, and yet it'd worked anyway. There's an abnormally massive firmware update - Scout 22 to Scout 39. 22 was the rogue, the rogue had been wearing the helmet, and 39 was one of the eight missing Scouts. There's no other explanation. There's also something worse buried in the logs. A firmware update called 'genesis,dat', and it came from Vincent's workstation. Was uploaded with his admin password. 'Garbage data', is the term the technicians use. Mostly garbage data, with just enough real code to fool the checks designed to stop that kind of thing. The update had been designed very well, the technicians tell her. Vincent had been the one to deactivate the Scouts, and there was no way it'd been an accident. At first she's furious, and if he hadn't already been in the hospital she might have put him there herself. So much damage, so much wasted money, so many needless deaths, the potential end of Tetravaal... and for what? To prove the Moose's ability? For fuck's sake, she'd told him that she'd approach the military about it after he'd cut costs and ironed out the bugs, there was no way in hell the military would ever turn down a remote-controlled walking tank, what the fuck - Then she wants to cry. She doesn't, because crying isn't something she does, especially not while at work. She'd trusted him, she'd liked him, she might have even dated him if circumstances were different. And then he'd up and just... Nothing leaks to the media, thank God. Maybe one day she'll tell the world, but not yet. Not until Tetravaal's back on its feet and something is done about the robots running free in Johannesburg. -x SABC News interviews a family that saw a pair of Scouts running through the suburbs of Randburg the night of December 1st. Not one. Two. Michelle wonders how the fuck she's going to explain that one. (She settles with reassuring the media that there was only one Scout that had been modified and therefore only one Scout capable of running around Johannesburg. Inwardly she's throttling Deon for continuing to make her life difficult well after he should've died.) -x The sighting of the Scouts in Randburg prompts the JMPD to search the area. Somebody gets the idea to check Deon's house. It's been broken into. She doesn't go there herself, because she's got more important things to do, but she follows the reports with keen interest. They find nothing of use to determine the culprit - no fingerprints, no hair, no nothing. Perhaps because the culprit no longer had anything to identify him by? It's hard to tell whether or not anything of value was taken, because the house's owner isn't around to confirm it. But there's no money or jewelry anywhere in the house, which in itself is suspicious. Then they tell her that all of Deon's hard drives are smashed to bits, and in her mind the culprit is confirmed. He's hiding... something. Something was on those hard drives. Maybe he'd been afraid Tetravaal would try to make thinking robots of their own? Michelle can only scoff at the thought. One of them had nearly destroyed the company, she wasn't about to make more . -x At the end of the week, there's still six Scouts that they haven't recovered. One is 39, and everyone on Earth knows very well what's happened to that one. The other five have disappeared without a trace. Thirty-one others are varying degrees of disassembled, missing batteries or limbs or heads. The factory floor looks uncomfortably like a morgue for a while. Technicians make jokes about it, but she knows she's not the only one a bit unnerved by it. They were robots, but they were human-shaped, and seeing rows of bodies with holes gouged into their chests was going to cause an instinctive recoil. Then there were the ones missing heads, or halves of heads, and the ones whose internals had melted out through their armor seams, and the one that looked like it'd been slowly eviscerated with a screwdriver... It's a PR nightmare. So many parts missing, so many Scouts damaged so badly they can't tell what's missing, or how much is missing. They have no idea where any of the parts were taken. To say nothing of the five presumably-intact bodies. Anyone could do anything with them. All Tetravaal can do is put out rewards for the return of any Scout components. It's not going to be enough, but it's better than nothing. -x Michelle takes a break from fending off reporters to go to Deon's funeral. She wasn't his friend, but she'd known him for years. Known of him for even longer, and when he wasn't in one of his manic creative moods they got along well enough. Besides, she was his boss, etiquette dictated that she made at least a brief appearance. Still feels strange to be at his funeral. Maybe that was because he wasn't actually dead. Both his parents and his brother are there, and she suspects that most if not all of the Indians present are members of his extended family. She offers her condolences to his parents, who accept them numbly. She excuses herself quickly after that. She wouldn't term herself an honest person, but she wasn't a liar, either. Felt wrong to hide the truth about something like this, to make them suffer pointlessly. From across the cemetery she catches a glimpse of orange Scout ears, but they're gone when she blinks. God, she needed a vacation. -x Eight days after everything goes to hell, a technician runs into her temporary office carrying a laptop under one arm. She's reminded uncomfortably of Deon, God knew the kid had done that often enough when he'd made some kind of breakthrough. The technician's older than Deon. Scruffier, though he's still well-shaven enough to be presentable. He's wearing the uniform of one of the mechanics who worked on the Scouts' physical bodies. He doesn't know about Deon, or the rogue Scout. She'd not told anyone outside of the small group that already knew, and so far they'd kept their word to keep it private. Something in his eyes tells her that he'd learned anyway. Who'd decided to go behind her back this time...? \"Ma'am, I'm sorry for barging in like this,\" the man says, and it tumbles out in one rushed bunch of syllables. \"But you really, really need to see this.\" He knew. He definitely knew. \"Excuse me, who are you?\" she demands, and he stops in his tracks at her sharp tone. The security guard outside her office has his hand on his holster, but he's not making any move to engage. \"Ah, um, Kores Viljoen, ma'am. I worked with the Scouts. Ran maintenance and the like. Ma'am, please, you need to see this.\" She acquiesces. If her time at Tetravaal has taught her anything, it's that the people of the calibre required to be under her employ were reasonably intelligent. If he said it was important, then it was important. Of course the technicians sometimes had very different ideas of what was important... \"I had this idea,\" Viljoen explains. \"Of checking the Scouts' AV recordings. To see if I could figure anything out from that, or maybe find some of the missing ones. You know, maybe one of them saw something.\" He approaches her desk, and then he goes around . No one had ever been so bold before, not even Deon in his more manic moods. Maybe... maybe this was more than what she'd thought it was. He sets the laptop on the desk and opens it. The active window is a grainy video, paused, with a familiar HUD overlay. Scout video, all right, but not in a Scout's normal environment. It's outside, in the ruins of some destroyed building. Soweto? There's an easel in front of it, the canvas currently blank. She can see someone's pant leg, off to the side, but not the rest of the person. \"I went from the top of the list, descending. There wasn't anything useful - until I got to Scout 22.\" Everything clicks into place. Oh . \"I almost skipped it,\" Viljoen continues, \"It's registered in the system as decommissioned on the 26th so, you know, I thought there'd be nothing after that day. But there's way more video from that Scout than any of the rest. This is from the afternoon of the 27th.\" He hits play. The Scout's vision moves up and over, revealing Deon, and the first words out of its speaker are: \"Please may I have the paintings, Deon?\" -x Viljoen leaves Michelle alone with the recordings, after she gets him to swear that he won't tell anybody about this. This is big , he'd had every right to be so bold. Recordings of the rogue Scout from its own eyes... she'd never thought she'd see anything like it. She'd not given much thought to how Deon had programmed his poet AI. Whatever he'd done, he'd left the part where it automatically transmitted everything it saw and heard back to Tetravaal. She suspects that this was an oversight on his part. Large sections of it are missing entirely, and others are very poor quality. Poor signal strength, Viljoen tells her when she asks. There's still more than enough to form a coherent picture of 22's existence after it was supposed to have been destroyed. Chappie. What a godawful name. At least the name makes sense now. Of course it'd been some white trash girl that had given it that name, this wasn't anywhere near surprising. And it explains its behaviour. In Chappie she sees her youngest nephew, just turned four last month. Just beginning to have a solid grasp of grammar, endlessly curious, endlessly seeking praise, and endlessly capable of getting up to all sorts of trouble. She'd fed the media bullshit about the Scout not being one of theirs, that the thieves had gutted it and replaced Tetravaal's hardware with their own. Now, watching Chappie - watching its life, watching it grow up , she thinks that the bullshit hadn't been that far off. It was just mental rather than physical. It was a learning robot. It had done that, and done that well... from thugs. Deon had barely even been there. It desired attention and praise from those surrounding it, from its parental figures. There was no goddamn way it was going to be anything but a criminal. And yet, she thinks as she watches it refuse to use guns. And yet it had followed its absent creator's wishes to the best of its ability. It didn't want to hurt anyone, it even shied away from using harsh words, or what it understood as harsh words at least. Only the abuse, lies, and manipulation of the people surrounding it provoked it to negative behaviour. Deon had told her that his AI would be capable of forming its own opinions. She wonders what Chappie's opinion of humanity is now. And this is how the Terminators are born, she thinks, without a trace of humor. Fuck. -x She visits Vincent in the hospital the next day. The doctors haven't woken him up yet; he's still intubated, but at least he's not in critical condition any more. He'll need extensive physiotherapy, but he'll live. She sits in the chair beside his bed. He looks... frail, and that's not what she's used to seeing from him. Then again, she'd not thought he could behave so callously to something yelling in fear. It was a robot, yes. Its emotions weren't real, he was correct in that sense. (Some part of her disagrees, and disagrees vehemently - again she thinks of her nephew, imagines him crying and struggling as unfamiliar men violate him. She very, very forcefully pushes the image out of her head. There was no comparing a robot and a human child. None.) She'd thought that anyone would have paused when hearing something yelling, that was simply human nature. To at least be startled . But Vincent hadn't so much as twitched, and instead he'd turned vicious . \"Why, Vince?\" she asks. There is, of course, no answer. -x She watches more of Chappie's life that night. Her husband kisses her cheek, but otherwise leaves her be and goes to bed alone. It's not the first time she's worked through the night. It takes a long, long time to get through everything, and before she'd sat down she knew she'd never finish it in a night. It's in realtime, after all, and she doesn't want to skip anything lest she miss something important. Chappie matures startlingly fast. The first day it's still a baby, mimicking words and gestures at random. She'd watched the wordcloud in its HUD steadily grow, until its vocabulary was too large to fit in the box and words swap in and out of view as it focuses on different things. By then, it's a teenager. There's no other way to describe its personality. Maybe one a little less rebellious than her sister always complained about, but a teenager all the same. She watches the argument with Deon, watches him demand why Deon had made him just to die. Deon has no answer, and Michelle feels inexplicably guilty. -x Michelle uses her lunch break the next day to tell Deon's parents what had happened to their son. They don't live in Johannesburg, but she finds out that they haven't left yet, and it gnaws at her conscience. So eventually she calls them, meets them at their hotel room, and admits that while they might have buried their son, he was not exactly dead. The mother's eyes light up with hope. The father's eyes narrow with suspicion. She doesn't tell them exactly what had happened to Deon. Just that he's still out there, that while they had buried his body he'd not died with it. She shouldn't be telling them any of this, honestly. But they deserve to know. They ask if he's safe, if he'll ever come home, if he'll ever make any kind of contact with them at all. If it's even safe for him to do so. She answers honestly - that she doesn't know. She'd never had any clue of what went on in the kid's head, honestly, his dying and turning into a robot just made him even more incomprehensible. She considers telling them that the robot all over the news was Deon's creation. Was probably the closest thing to a grandchild they were ever going to get from him. But that was probably a little too much to lay on them all at once. The mother holds Michelle's hand and thanks her profusely for telling them what little she has. Michelle, in turn, reassures them that she'll let them know if anything changes. When she leaves, it's with one less burden on her mind. -x Viljoen forwards her the recordings from Scout 39 that evening. There's not much, but she'd not expected much - 39 had long since gone off the grid. If its GPS wasn't transmitting, its AV records weren't being transmitted either. She doesn't watch anything from 39 yet. Viljoen tells her there's nothing of use in them, and regardless of recent events she still trusts her employees. So, instead, she continues from where she'd left off in 22's recordings. She watches the creation of the consciousness transfer program, and finally understands why none of her technicians can make heads or tails of it. As far as she can tell it's basically a random collection of numbers and letters, and Chappie types pages and pages worth of text every minute. Even his notes and references get brought onto the screen and then minimized again so fast that it's more of a flicker than anything. The program must be massive, she thinks. She's no programmer, but even she knows that this is far beyond what a human could do in any reasonable amount of time. Then, she watches the attack on the armored truck. She'd seen this hundreds of times already - from the perspective of a news chopper. To see it from Chappie's perspective, to fully appreciate what was going through his head... The wordcloud in his HUD functioned as a rudimentary display of his thoughts. Sometimes words would shuffle in and out of view too fast for her to follow, but more often there would be a set of major words that lingered for the duration of a conversation or event. Right now it's nervous and money and bodies . Then, after, when he realized what he'd done... betrayal and unhappy and sorry . One of the guards Michelle recognizes, because he'd also been all over the news for a few days. The one pleading for his life with a throwing star sticking out of his shoulder. He'd been adamant that the Scout had apologized after attacking him. She'd not believed him - nobody had, really - but now she can see that not only had Chappie apologized, he'd desperately wanted to stay and make sure that the man was okay. By the time Deon comes into the picture - panicked, but determined - Michelle realizes that she's rooting for the robot . Then a rival gang shows up, and then the Moose shows up... The video ends before she sees most of the fight. The last frame is of the ground, of Chappie being sent flying in a hail of gunfire. Michelle leans back in her chair. Chappie had gotten up. Well, he had to have, he'd gotten himself and Deon to Tetravaal somehow. Ninja and Yolandi had never showed up on the security cameras - either they were still out there somewhere, or they'd died. Amerika, though, was definitely dead. How in God's name had she misjudged Vincent so badly? He hadn't always been like that. He was ex-military, he was capable of killing people, she was fairly certain he'd done it while he'd served. But to kill a man in cold blood - to not even shoot him, to grab him and - and... He'd told her the claws were to get inside buildings! To move things out of the way! Never had she dreamed they'd be used to tear a human being in half . ...Vincent had been the one to shoot Deon. There was no way to know it for sure. The recording ended with Deon still whole. But in her heart, she knows. Anonymous gang members were one thing, but to kill a man he'd worked with every day for years... This hadn't been what she wanted. She'd wanted the robot gone, not a bloodbath. She'd not wanted anyone to die, not even some gang member who'd probably murdered his fair share of people. Not without a trial, and definitely not in such a gruesome fashion. Certainly not for Vincent to kill Deon too. She'd been furious at Deon, but she'd not wanted him dead . Then, she gets an idea. Deon wasn't dead. Chappie wasn't dead. Chappie was damn near impossible to kill, the Scouts were designed with gang warfare in mind. He'd taken down the Moose, somehow, anything else she could throw at him would be useless at best and turned against her at worst. If she could even find him in the first place. So maybe she had to switch tracks. Maybe killing him wasn't the best option. Maybe... maybe his abilities could be put to use. If she could find them, find Deon, convince Deon, let Deon convince Chappie... A shiver goes through her. Tomorrow, she thinks. She can deal with it tomorrow. -x That night she dreams of giant machines chasing her, blood in the sand, and blades wielded by men with shadowed faces. Needless to say, she doesn't sleep well. Her phone goes off at just before six, which doesn't help. Her husband rolls over as she answers it on autopilot. Nobody calls her in the morning, not this early, not unless there was an emergency requiring her immediate attention... \"There's been a break-in,\" the security guard says. Michelle buries her head in her hands. Why did it have to be one thing after another? -x The good news is that nothing's been stolen. There's no damages, no one was hurt. The bad news is that there's literally no record of anyone actually breaking in. All of the security cameras experienced a failure at the same time. A perfect loop of video for exactly an hour: four fifty-six til five fifty-six. Nobody saw or heard anything. No alarms. The only reason they know there was a break-in in the first place was because one of the service doors had been forced open with a crowbar. No one breaks into anywhere without a reason. Something is where it shouldn't be. Something was taken... or maybe left behind. She gets the technicians to go over the computer systems with a fine-toothed comb. There's only two people in all Johannesburg with the strength to force a door like that. Once upon a time she'd trusted Deon to not do anything stupid, but then a week and a half ago he'd gone and done the exact opposite of that. She has to do something. Before they do. -x Michelle schedules a PR conference for the next day, but that night there's another break in despite the increased security. Same methodology, same video loop for the same amount of time - three twenty-two til four twenty-two, this time. This time, however, the doors are forced from the inside . The software for the machining arms has been completely wiped, and all the data transfer logs as well. Two cratefuls of parts are missing, and the arms are not in their default positions. The extra care and the missing parts all point to one conclusion... the machines were used to build something. Something they don't want her, or anyone else, to know about. All she can do is hope it's not something that's going to cause her a lot of headaches in the future. At least they'd not stolen anything that could be used as a weapon. What are you trying to do, Chappie? -x She watches Scout 39's recordings on and off throughout the morning, in the hopes of figuring out what the hell is going on. There's all of four hours of it and, like Viljoen had told her, very little of it is helpful in the slightest. At least it confirms that Deon had broken into his own house. Most of the rest is Chappie running around Johannesburg prying open the chests of the downed Scouts, which at least helps put her mind at ease about the missing batteries. Better they had them than... well, pretty much anyone else who might take an interest in highly-advanced batteries. There are two recording fragments that stand out, however. One implies that Yolandi died - Christ, another death on Vincent's hands? - but then there's also the implication that like Deon she might not be entirely dead. That maybe it had been her they'd broken into Tetravaal to build. The last several minutes of the recording are just about the last thing she'd wanted to see, but had expected anyway: the removal of Chappie's GPS unit. The very last frame of video is of a table covered in debris, with a white rat nosing through the broken dishes. Four words flash in Chappie's wordcloud: Maker and Deon and scared ... and love . Michelle sits back in her chair. Chappie would go to hell and back for Deon and the other two, and probably anyone else he decided he liked. He'd not even wanted to harm Tetravaal, or anyone working for her - well, anyone other than Vincent - and look at all the damage he'd managed to cause. If she pushed him, who knew what he'd do? Working with him wasn't just the best option, it was the only option. Her determination renewed, Michelle packs up and heads out. -x Michelle's no stranger to the dance of PR. She'd started out in Marketing, for God's sake, she had a degree in Bullshitting Things For The Press. This particular dance was unusual, though. Minimal bullshitting, but she had to get her point across to two distinct groups of people without saying too much. While running on four hours of sleep, eight coffees, and minimal preparation. Oh well. At least it'd be interesting. \"Tetravaal has been hard at work for the past two weeks to discover what happened that caused so much needless damage and suffering. We believe we finally have answers. We know that we can never make up for what Johannesburg and its citizens have suffered through, but in the future we hope to never allow something like this to happen again.\" She pauses, shuffles her papers a bit, watches the crowd for their reactions. Nobody looks disbelieving or disgusted at least, not even the contingent of police off to one side. Maybe faith in the Scouts, and Tetravaal by extension, hadn't been shaken as badly as she feared. \"The attack on Tetravaal that caused the shutdown of the Scout force was not an outside attack. It came from within. The events of December 1st were the result of a poor choice of employee on Tetravaal's part, and by extension my own. For this, I take full responsibility. The Scouts and Tetravaal itself were completely uncompromised from the outside throughout the whole ideal, and continue to remain uncompromised.\" Okay, well, maybe that one was a bit of bullshit. Still, she'd never pegged Deon as the vengeful type and she was inclined to believe that he'd prevent Chappie from doing anything of the sort. Hopefully. \"As for the rogue Scout known as 'Chappie'.\" Oh, that gets a reaction. Not anything obvious from any one person, but when it was multiplied by a couple hundred it looked like a wave. People straightening, people trying to get a better look at her over others' heads, people suddenly not moving so as not to make noise. Yes, it was definitely Chappie that they were all curious about. Maybe that was why no one had seemed as bothered as she'd expected. \"The existence of the rogue Scout is the result of a similar poor choice on my part. It was originally believed that the shell of the Scout had been obtained by criminals and changed to suit their needs. While this is partly correct, we have uncovered additional details that I am not ready to release at this time.\" \"The summary, however, is this: the programming of the Scout was altered. This is not normally possible - however, it was another employee that did this. Only those that work for Tetravaal have the ability to change the Scouts in this manner. The two incidents were unrelated and the employees responsible did not work together. Both have been dealt with accordingly.\" Well, one was in the hospital and one was technically dead, she'd not actually 'dealt' with either of them yet. Close enough. She was going to give Vincent a piece of her goddamn mind the moment he was coherent enough to understand it, anyway. She continues with her speech: reassuring the public that Tetravaal was working on more stringent security measures, was upping their level of background checks to Secret Service levels, was working on securing the Scouts against internal as well as external threats. She adds that, one day, she hoped that the Scouts would once again patrol the streets of Johannesburg. Nobody seems inclined to lynch her for the comment, so she counts that as a good sign. She readjusts her papers, takes a sip of water. A few of the reporters shuffle; several look a moment away from breaking the silence and starting the barrage of questions. \"Now,\" she continues, and each and every one of the reporters perk up. So do all of the police. This isn't part of the script, and they know it. \"On the subject of Chappie.\" She glances through the reporters' logos until she finds the camera belonging to SABC 1. Johannesburg's largest and most-watched news agency, the one most likely to be seen... \"I know you're still out there, Chappie. I want to talk.\" The silence is absolute. No one seems to breathe. \"Thank you for your time.\" She steps away from the podium, and the quiet is instantly shattered by three dozen reporters shouting questions. She ignores them all. She's said what she needed to say. Now... to wait. -x She doesn't have to wait long. It's a half hour before she's due to leave that the office phone rings. That in itself isn't unusual; she's long since lost count of how many people have called to bitch at her. She's in the middle of replying to even more irate emails, in fact. She picks it up fully expecting to have to yell at someone again. Instead she's greeted with a mild, thickly-accented voice that she never thought she'd hear firsthand. \"This Miss Bradley?\" it asks. Michelle feels her stomach drop out from under her. It's a man's voice. Sounds like it's being run through a voice changer... but it isn't, of course. \"Is this... how did you get this number?\" she demands. \"It's Chappie, ma'am,\" the voice says, \"And I got it out of your company's digital records.\" Just hearing him say it - say it as though he'd simply gone for a walk to the store! He'd broken into Tetravaal's servers, again . Without so much as an alarm, again . He could do anything he wanted, and there wasn't a damn thing she or anyone else could do about it. Maybe she was in over her head. \"What do you want?\" There's the sound of something clicking, whirring. Silence. Something in the background, like a car, maybe someone talking. \"You wanted to talk, ma'am. We talkin'.\" Well, yes. This was not exactly what she'd had in mind. ...Not that she'd had much at all in mind, she ought to have expected this. She takes a deep breath. \"I want to negotiate.\" -x Michelle does, in fact, get yelled at by more people. Well. Not 'yelled' precisely, because she was the CEO of a weapons corporation and very few people had the gumption or power to do so to her face. They may be speaking in (mostly) measured tones, but really it's all the same in the end. At least it's a change of pace from the people on the phone. \"Enough!\" she snaps, in what her husband affectionately refers to as her Thatcher voice. It might not work on him anymore, but it certainly gets the dozen men arguing with her to shut up. She stands, very slowly, very deliberately, both palms flat on the table in front of her. She looks at each of them very pointedly - executives, police officials, advisors alike. A few avert their gaze, but most are too proud to concede her that. But they don't interrupt her again, and that's all she really cares about. \"I am going to speak with the robot,\" she says, in measured tones. \"This is not up for discussion. I am not going to take advantage of the goodwill displayed by the robot. This is also not up for discussion.\" ...Because if she did, she's not entirely sure any of them would make it out alive. They argue some more, but it's half-hearted at best. It's her decision to make, and hers alone. In the end she's 'graciously' 'allowed' to go along with her not-entirely-thought-out plan. They're right, all of them. It's a stupid plan. But she'd been the one to bring up the idea, and she needed to do this. Meeting Chappie in person was the only way she could think of to show her trust. Besides, they'd not seen what she had. Chappie didn't have much of a reason to hate her, and she didn't think he'd cause injury unless she provoked him to it. Hopefully she'd judged him correctly, because if not she probably wouldn't have a chance to regret it. -x She waits a few days for Chappie to contact her again. He'd called her from a payphone the first time and gave no clues as to a possible method of contact, not that she could blame him for this. Vincent wakes up in the meantime. She doesn't visit him, at first because his family's flown in from Australia and she's not going to interrupt them. Then it's more because she's quite certain she wouldn't be able to hold a civil conversation with him yet. Chappie finally gets in contact with her, via email this time, and she pushes all thoughts of Vincent out of her mind. He's not going anywhere. She can deal with him later. Chappie's email address is one of those disposable ones. She doesn't bother trying to contact the company that owns it, because she's quite sure that Deon, at least, is knowledgeable enough to cover their tracks. It's very short. Date, time, location, signature. Or what passes for a signature, \"illest gang$ta on the block\" wouldn't fly in any legal sense. December 19th, six pm. She has two days to prepare. At least it's not on Christmas like she'd feared, maybe she'd get lucky and have time to visit family if all went well. Or maybe she'd get shot and Tetravaal would be in the market for a new CEO to coincide with the new year. Of course half the investors would probably bail and the JMPD would start a witchhunt for Chappie, and then Johannesburg would go tits-up again, and... Michelle rubs her temples and tries to force the jitters away. After all this she was going to take a nice long holiday, and anyone who had a problem with it could go fuck themselves. -x December 19th comes far too quickly for her liking. It's a Monday, of course it's a fucking Monday. She hasn't hated her job for a long time, but suddenly she's remembering why most of the world hates Mondays. She gets very little done throughout the day, but she does manage to put together a list of things her potential successor might need to know. Pessimistic, yes, but it doesn't hurt to be prepared. She stays late, so as to avoid driving home. She'd said her goodbyes to her husband in the morning, because she has a feeling that if she goes home she might not be able to leave. Because yes, Michelle Bradley does indeed have a heart and emotions and hasn't been this nervous since she was still in school, thank you very much. She drives to their chosen meeting place alone, at least at first. A couple cop cars trail after her at a distance, and she's sure there's more of them hanging about out of view. She can't actually order them to not get involved, so all she can do is hope that they don't fuck it up. Their meeting place is an abandoned warehouse at the edge of Soweto, which is about what she'd expected. The police say that there hasn't been recorded gang activity there for a couple months, which is a good sign at least. She's probably not going to get shot. Probably. This is a terrible fucking idea. Way too late to back out now. She almost parks outside the warehouse, but one of the ground-level loading doors is open, and so she pulls in directly. A fire in a drum flickers at the far end of the warehouse floor. Four figures sit around it. By the time she's parked her car, they've all stood up. Three aren't human for sure - she can see the antennae of the Scouts sticking up over their heads, the glint of firelight on exposed metal. One of the Scouts has a pale face. Pale, and humanlike. That one's wearing a hoodie and pants, and has a rifle held loosely in one hand. The sole human has a gun too, and he regards her with open contempt. Neither of the normal Scouts are armed. One is the neon orange of the test Scout; the other is dark blue with shocks of spraypaint and graffiti on its chassis. Like tattoos, she thinks. Michelle takes a deep breath, and walks toward the firelight. Neither of the guns get pointed at her, thank God. Four pairs of eyes track her every step. She knows who each of them are. The man she recognizes as Ninja; Deon is the orange Scout, and beneath the spraypaint there's a faded \"39\" painted on Chappie's shoulder. Which leaves the human-faced Scout as Yolandi. She'd been right, then, that was why they'd broken in. To build that body, and it looked like they'd succeeded. The design leaves... something to be desired. Deep in the uncanny valley, that one. It's harder not to stare at Deon, despite Yolandi's unnerving face. She'd known him for years as a dorky fresh-faced kid. Now he's... well, probably still dorky. Just not so much fresh-faced or a kid. Deon notices her staring. The ears go back, just a little. \"Ma'am.\" Suddenly, bizarrely, the only thing she can think of to say is: \"Orange suits you, Deon.\" He looks down at himself, the ears perked forward in what she can only think of as surprise , and the movement is so like Deon it's almost as uncanny as Yolandi. \"I... well. Thank you, ma'am.\" She smiles a business smile at him, and realizes she doesn't know where to go next. She wants to ask him a lot of things, wants to yell at him about a lot of things, but now isn't exactly the time. Chappie saves her the awkwardness by piping up. \"Miss Bradley,\" he says, and sounds strangely less intimidating in person. Less robotic. The shitty payphone quality had not done his voice any favors. \"Chappie,\" she greets back. \"Thought you'd be taller, Miss,\" Chappie comments. Deon makes a sound that might be a strangled, electronic laugh, poorly disguised behind a cough. He brings his hand up to his face - covering where his mouth would have been. The other two don't even bother hiding their laughter. Strangely it doesn't feel like they're laughing at her. They are, of course, but it's more... an attempt to lighten the mood, perhaps, however misguided. \"Sorry,\" Chappie adds. \"You wanted to talk, Miss Bradley?\" He sits back down, and... wipes his nose. Huh. Somehow she'd expected him to be more... mature. The other three follow his lead, one by one. There isn't a fifth chair, and so Michelle continues to stand. She knows this for what it is, even if they're not doing it on purpose. It's a way to stand together - so to speak - a way to show her that she's not part of their group. \"I did,\" she confirms, and feels her CEO face slip into place. \"I wanted you to know that I watched your AV recordings.\" Chappie just looks confused. All three of them turn to Deon, who looks equally as mystified. \"I don't - wait. The Scout recordings? You mean he was still transmitting? I thought - how much did you...?\" \"Enough,\" Michelle replies. \"Not all of it. But enough. It's why I wanted to talk to you. After watching your life - watching what you went through, I... I realized that trying to destroy you wasn't the best option.\" \"You're smart,\" she admits, and it feels less strange to say than it probably should. There was a precedence, she supposed. Deep Blue vs. Garry Kasparov and all that. \"And you've proven that I can't kill you. You destroyed the Moose, how could anything else I or the police could throw at you match up to that?\" At the mention of the Moose, all three sets of ears go back. Bit of a sore spot, then. Fair enough, it was for her as well. \"So what you tellin' me, then, lady? 'Cause I'm not gettin' it.\" She takes a deep breath. \"I want to work with you instead.\" Chappie wipes his nose and looks at the others. They all look at each other in turn. \"I couldn't tell you what my opinion is of you as a... a being, because I don't know. But I suppose it's not any different from using any other computer program, in the end.\" In hindsight, maybe that had been the wrong thing to say. Chappie just stares at her, but the other three all start to stand with a chorus of heys and equally displeased looks on their faces, or lack thereof. Michelle has a moment to think shit before Ninja points his rifle in her general direction. \"He's alive ,\" Deon snaps, and he might have said more but Chappie puts his hand out. \"Whoa. Deon, it's okay. Mommy, Daddy, please don't shoot the nice lady. Okay?\" They listen. Ninja spits at her feet, and Deon's ears never do go back into the default position, but they listen. And at least the muzzles of the guns are pointed at the floor now. Then, Chappie stands up. He's fucking tall , which shouldn't surprise her considering she'd stood alongside the Scouts hundreds of times before. With him, there's something more to it. It's in the way he holds himself. Much looser, much more relaxed. The Scouts were just machines, and Chappie... paradoxically, it's like he's larger than life. \"I have consciousness, Miss Bradley. Your helmet read it. I taught it how, but it was you guys who built it. The possibility was always there, I just told it how.\" He takes a step toward her. It takes all her willpower to not flinch back. It's not threatening , exactly, but it's sure as hell intimidating. She's seen Scouts flip cars like it was nothing, any sane person would find one advancing on them just a tad unnerving. \"Miss Bradley... you said you saw everything, ne? My life? Then... am I not human?\" In that moment he sounds like Deon, even with the accent. Sounds like his child. She has a moment's hysterical, fleeting thought - my God, Deon's less than half my age and he's already a parent - before Chappie continues. \"You watched it, so you know. I was born. I grew up. I like paintings, I like music. I've got hobbies. I've got emotions. I've got a family, and I love them.\" He steps forward again, and this time she does flinch back. \"Miss Bradley, it's not this that matters.\" He gestures vaguely to himself, to his entire body. \"What matters is this .\" He taps a finger on his chest, where his heart would be if he were human. Then he very, very delicately rests his hand on her own chest. \"I was born different, but inside I'm just like you. I don't wanna fight, I don't wanna hurt peoples. I just wanna live. That's all.\" His hand is warm, she realizes. She can feel it through her clothes. This close, she can feel the rest of the heat radiating off of his torso. His eyes seem to bore holes into her head. The blue dots are just screen displays, she knows this, and yet it feels no different from looking into a person's eyes. ...Maybe that's the point. Chappie steps back, wiping his nose again. \"So... ja.\" There's the awkward teenager again. She's a bit too stunned to really appreciate it. Consciousness. God, she'd heard that word more times in the past two weeks than she had in her whole life. To be conscious, to be alive ... what did it mean, really? Did it even matter? Where did you draw the line between something conscious and something not? Some philosopher or something had come up with the idea of 'I think, therefore I am', was that the right way to do it? Was Chappie really thinking, or was he just programmed to say he was? Were humans just programmed to think that way? ...This was not in her job description. Pondering the meaning of life with ghetto robots. Christ. \"Ma'am?\" Deon asks, hesitantly. His voice snaps her out of her thoughts. She realizes Chappie's still watching her intently, but now he looks rather less larger-than-life. If anything, he looks nervous. He'd trusted her enough to meet like this, even though he'd had no real reason to. The philosophical crap could wait, she needed to deal with the here-and-now first. At least she was good at that part. \"Maybe you're right. I'm not qualified to make that decision for the world, and I don't know if I can even make it for myself. But I want to. I want to learn. I'll have to. We can't be enemies, it'll destroy us both. So - partners, then?\" She offers her hand and prays that she's not making a huge mistake treating him like this. Chappie looks at her, looks at her hand, and then he looks at Deon. \"Maker?\" Deon keeps his focus on her. His 'face' doesn't look any different from Chappie's. But the expression, the pose... it's all Deon. He looks nothing less than wary. \"What did you have in mind, ma'am?\" He makes a strange gesture with one hand, like an aborted reach to his face. Adjusting glasses he no longer has. She shrugs, and lowers her hand. Obviously this wasn't going to be an immediate thing, but she couldn't blame them, really. She'd have to convince them then. \"I hadn't thought that far ahead. I wanted to see what you'd be willing to do, first. Both of you.\" She nods at Deon, too. \"You're the best employee Tetravaal has ever had, Deon. I don't know if I can legally put you on the payroll, but I want you, too. I want you to work on the Scouts again. To make them safer, so that someone like Vincent can never cause so much harm.\" Chappie has an interesting reaction to the name. Mostly negative - she watches his ears go back, but he perks up rather than hunches over. \"Vincent? He alive?\" Michelle considers lying, but that wasn't going to get her anywhere. They'd find out eventually anyway. Hopefully Chappie'd worked out his issues with the man - there'd been enough death already. And, despite all Vincent had done, she definitely didn't want him dead. \"Yes. He was in the ICU for nine days. He'll live, but it'll be a long road to recovery.\" Chappie nods, wipes his nose, and looks more satisfied than she'd strictly expected. \"Good. He's a bad man, he deserved it. For Amerika, and Mommy, and all those other people that got hurt because of him. But I didn't wanna kill him, and I forgave him, Miss. You don't gotta worry about me hurting him anymore.\" It's very strange, watching Chappie flip between maturity levels every other sentence. One moment he's like fucking Nietzsche, the next he's some gang kid. \"I. Okay. Good.\" Chappie nods again. Looks back to Deon. \"Maker? What do you think?\" The undertone is obvious: do we trust her? \"What about us?\" Yolandi asks. She has her hand on Ninja's knee. Ninja doesn't say a thing, which considering what she knows about the man is probably for the best. He looks plenty distrustful without opening his mouth, anyway. \"You're both wanted criminals, I imagine. Though your exact status may be somewhat difficult to figure out, seeing as you're no longer human. Though that applies to you as well, Deon. And you, Chappie, though you're not legally a person...\" She trails off. The robots were all technically property of Tetravaal, weren't they? Things might get tricky with Deon and Yolandi, but Chappie was definitely Tetravaal property in a legal sense. But Ninja wasn't covered by that potential loophole at all, and the other three would certainly be considered accessories to crimes. Tetravaal would be required to surrender them to the police like any other piece of evidence, if she tried to play that card. \"I'm not leavin' my family, Miss,\" Chappie warns her. \"'S all or none.\" She sighs. She'd known that, of course she had. He called them his parents, for God's sake, and in some ways they were. She knew he'd never leave them behind, and she found that she could not in good conscience try to debate the matter. \"I know. I'll... I'll see what I can do. You're willing to work for Tetravaal, then? Or at least with me? If I can work this out?\" They all look at each other. Some silent communication passes between Ninja and Yolandi, Chappie and Deon, Chappie and Yolandi... \"Okay,\" Chappie finally says. He stands, and offers his hand to her. \"Let's do this shit.\" She shakes on it. He's a terrible hand-shaker, to be honest, his grip's all wrong and there's not enough pressure. He also tries to do some kind of... ghetto handshake/fistbump combination after. She just kind of stands there dumbly, but he doesn't seem to mind. (Ninja mutters something in what she thinks is Afrikaans, and is probably an insult. Yolandi laughs, anyway. Neither Chappie nor Deon pay them any mind, and so she ignores them as well.) \"It might take... months,\" she cautions, after extricating herself from Chappie's fistbump. \"Longer. I don't know. Do you think you can lay low that long?\" She doesn't say it, but they're not stupid: if they get caught, there's very little she can do. She'd probably have to deny all involvement with them to save her own skin, and that is not a decision she has any desire to make. \"We done it this long,\" Chappie replies, with all the confidence of a teenager who thinks he knows everything. \"Daddy and Mommy know lots of peoples. Right, Daddy?\" \"Daddy would appreciate it if you didn't say shit like that in front of the nice lady, Chappie,\" Ninja grinds out. Michelle considers pointing out that she's willingly trying to work with him and knows more about him than he probably realizes, but decides it's not worth the effort and ignores him. Instead she nods. \"Thank you. I know I'm asking a lot. So thank you.\" Chappie wipes his nose and makes a weird sound, like a cross between humming and a hiss. Laughter, she realizes. The only element of his speech that doesn't sound entirely human, it seems. \"You risked a lot coming here, ma'am. We gangstas, you coulda got shot. But you trusted us, so we gonna trust you back, hey?\" Chappie doesn't say it, and she can't really be sure whether or not he's thinking it, but she's quite sure that the two gang members are: if you betray us, you gonna get shot anyway. With Chappie around, she'd never have any hope of escaping, either. It's a good thing she's not going to betray them, then, isn't it? They part ways, then, Michelle returning to her car and the four of them bunching up on the other side of the fire. They've hidden a getaway vehicle somewhere, she's sure, and she's also quite sure that they're well aware that the JMPD followed her here. They won't leave until she does, and probably through some back exit that the police aren't aware of. \"Ma'am!\" Deon calls, from behind her. She stops, one hand on the handle of her car door. He runs after her, skidding to a stop in front of her. She almost laughs, because he looks exactly like he used to. Like he'd just worked out some difficult problem and needed to share it with the world right now . \"Ma'am, could you... could you tell my parents that...\" he trails off and gestures hopelessly at himself. So it'd been the right choice, after all. Maybe later she'd have to get in contact with them again and tell them things in more detail. \"I already did.\" He looks blankly at her. She's been talking to animated Scouts for all of ten minutes and already she can read their body language without issue, it's kind of fascinating. She wonders how Deon and Yolandi were programmed, even if she'd never understand it in a million years. Why did they have the same behaviours as Chappie? \"I... you did.\" \"Yes. Well - not about the, you know, the robot part.\" It's her turn to gesture vaguely at him. \"But they know you're not dead.\" \"...Well,\" Deon says, after a few seconds' stunned silence. \"Thank you. Ma'am.\" \"I considered telling them about Chappie,\" Michelle continues, because watching Deon get flustered was kind of entertaining. \"That their grandchild was a robot. But I thought that might be a lot for them to take in all at once.\" Deon hides his face in his hands, despite the fact that he has no facial expressions to hide anymore. \"Oh, God. Thank you, ma'am. They've been bothering me about grandchildren for years . I don't know if I'm ready to deal with that yet.\" It's almost like being back at the office, though she wasn't usually the one to do the teasing. He'd always seemed intimidated by her, unless he was in a mood and then he was just impossible to tease. She laughs, and squeezes his shoulder, and is almost surprised to find it made of metal rather than flesh. He's cooler than Chappie, and she wonders why that is. \"Take care of yourself, Deon.\" He nods in return. \"Thank you, ma'am. For everything.\" They part ways for real this time, Deon returning to the group lingering by the firelight, and Michelle gets into her car. She happens to glance back their way as she turns the ignition - hard not to - and Chappie, to her surprise, waves at her. She wonders if that means he's decided he liked her. Was she under his protection now, too? She waves back, which is kind of weird, but if she was going to be working with him one day she'd probably have to get used to it. Chappie immediately perks up, a full-body smile, and takes hold of Deon's arm with all the excitement of a toddler who's just been given a favourite treat. Then she drives home, back to her own family, and decides that maybe things are going to be alright. ","Summary":" Continuing the trend of taking titles from songs, because titles are hard. This time it's Two Steps"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Fan fiction --Chappie","Author":"Zhen Gui","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11262693","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sunshine sowed over the closed factory. Birds were flying in the sky. Stray dogs were playing in the grass. Suddenly, a big sound came from outside the factory. \"Did you forget something? My good buddy! Or you want to taste my delicious bullet meal?\" Hippo said in a loud voice. His words repeated in the factory again and again. When Hippo and his subordinates saw there were three robots, they were scared. \"Hi brothers, relax! Relax! You know what? Why don't we do this, we work together to make more money and you will not need to repay the money you borrowed from me.\" Hippo was so nervous that he knew he couldn't defeat robots. Robots can beat his bullets and kill him in a second. Chappie, Deon and Ninjia looked at each other and answered all with one voice, \"OK! Let's do it!\" They run into the rooms and wore on their weapons. Chappie was really mad these days. He saw his creator dead in Vincent's robot and he saw how his mommy dead. He wanted to help others but others were all attacking him. He wanted to revenge the world and revenge the police. Deon almost die that Vincent used his robot killed Deon. Deon wanted to let the world know he can created robots that have human's mind and they could think independently. Ninja thought this was a good deal as well. He didn't need to repay the money and he could also make money. Yolandi saw Ninjia, Chappie and Deon were ready to go, she got her pink gun with her, too. \"I'm a robot now. I don't need to afraid anyone!\" She rushed into Hippo's car and three men got on quickly as well. Music was singing in the car. The car was dancing in the rhythm of the music. Birds flew away when the car was 100 meters from the trees. They drove really fast. Chappie and Deon hold the seats back tightly. They use almost all the energy to hold the seats. Their vessels in the arms were clear to see. Their body moved left when the car turned to right, moved right when the car turned to right. Deon was really nervous. He told himself them everything would be fine. They had lots of people to fight with a bank car. He knew he was a robot now. He could resist most of the bullets and he was stronger than any other human. He took a deep breath and removed the drapes on his brows. \"Everybody pay attention! There was a black bank car in 20meters. Everyone get ready and listen to my signal. Robots go frond and cover us.\" Hippo turned the music down and told them in a low voice. Chappie, Yolandi and Deon, as the only three robots in the car answered \"Yes sir!\" in a fast speed. \"5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Chappie! Move!\" Hippo yelled and Chappie jumped on to the bank car quickly. The speed of the car was too fast that Chappie's hands slid and his left part of the body was in the air. \"No Chappie! Hold it!\" Deon shouted to Chappie in a loud voice that the bank car discovered them and started to drive faster than before. \"Hurry daddy! Hurry! Chappie need help!\" Chappie was so scared he shouted on the car. His body was moving in the wind and shook like a clock pendulum. The people in the bank car shot to Hippo's car. The glass of the frond window of the car was broken suddenly. The bullets made many holes on the glass. Like many water were flowing freely. Hippo's car driver could not see clearly. Ninja and Hippo shot the bank car's tires. The bank car got out of control. It started to move crazily. It was drove to the right and drove to the left again. The people in the bank car were fright. People outside the car could hear their screaming. Chappie lie down on the car and use his hands to hold the roofs of the car. After several times controlling, the tires shouted harshly and stopped with some smoke. At the end, the bank car stopped in the middle of the road. Chappie finally got the balance on the car roof. He opened the car windows and shot the men in the car. Deon and Yonlandi got off the car and Hippo's subordinates walked behind them. \"I can't do this. No! No!\" Deon was so afraid. After sawing Chappie's experience, Deon wanted to pull back the words. He didn't want to join in this war. Hippo pushed Deon on his back. It was hard for a technologist to fight with somebody. The bullets shoot on Deon. He closed his eyes and used his arms to protect his body. He couldn't look straight. His body began to shake. He crouched down and all the people behind him crouched down too. After he got shoot, he realized that nothing happened to him. \"Wow! I did make a high quality robot!\" He stood up and began to fight. He was proud of himself and laughed when Ninja and Yanlandi were fighting hardly. Chappie opened the door of the bank car and pulled out the men in the car. He threw them on the floor and shot them with boomerang darts as he did in his first rob. Ninja used his only leg to kick the man on the floor and abused the man. People in the bank cars were scared and they dropped their knees to ask Chappie to save their lives. Chappie concentrated on grabbing the money bag and throwing them to Yolandi. Yolandi threw them to Deon and Deon gave the momey to Hippo. Chappie got almost all the money in the bank car. \"Chappie did it! Chappie did it!\" Chappie celebrated for himself. The patrol wagons disturbed Chappie's happiness. They all got on their car quickly and the driver used all his energy to step the accelerator and drove the car away. Hippo threw the money to the air in the car and laughed. \"This is what I want! This the easiest rob I had done forever!\" He shouted. He was so happy that he opened his mouth and it could reach his ears. His mouth opened really big that you can see his tooth decay in the back of his mouth. They celebrated too early. The police chased them. They use cannons to shoot Hippo's car. The car had a similar encounter as the bank car. It stopped in the middle of the road. A woman got off the police car. It was Michelle Bradley. Deon shocked and sat on the floor. ","Summary":" Sunshine sowed over the closed factory. Birds were flying in the sky. Stray dogs were playing in th"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Safe with me","Author":"MoonRayCZ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11680342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, MoonRay here, and here is another continuation of this story, I hope you will like it, and also leave some comments and kudos :) Also, once again big THANK YOU to Kirmon, for letting me write in timeline :) This part is named after the song from \"Real Steel\" - \"Safe with me\", give it a try :) Chappie felt new and foreign feeling. They were about to leave the place that they called home for some time and there was something in his mind. He didn't know what it was; he just knew he felt confused. He was happy, but at the same time sad. So many things happened here. The memories from the moment when they got here showed up and there were also next days. He remembered very well those moments, when he was trying to help Deon to adjust to his new body, when they discovered he needs to sleep and there was also that moment they shared under the tree. They brought Mommy back here; they read books here and overall spent so much time together. It just felt so weird to leave this place. Only some memories were happy, but they were there. He guessed this is what bittersweet feeling means. Well, it was time to move on. Vincent was rubbing his face, trying to find some sanity. Maybe he was still hoping that when he closes his eyes and opens them again, they would be gone. In the end, he always had to deal with reality, like an adult that he was. Still, he just couldn't deal with it. Saying yes to Michelle didn't mean he was at peace with current state of things. Vincent rubbed his face and sighed, once again. Michelle was standing next to him. They were already in his house and Chappie was carrying things into a hallway. Vincent dared to look at him and blinked in curiosity. There were so many books. He then noticed Deon is standing there and watching him, very carefully. Vincent actually shivered. Deon was watching him like this, since they arrived. He didn't know what was behind it, but it clearly didn't make the Australian feel well. He was watched, that was never a good sign. He gripped sleeves of his T-shirt and stared back at Deon, frowning. No, he will not break. Maybe that's what they wanted from him, to break down. Well, that's not going to happen. When everything was brought in, they all sat down in the living room. Chappie was curiously looking all around, fascinated by all those new and unexplored things. He never was in such big house, and almost everything made his ears rise in wonder. The best moment for him was, when he discovered library. There were so many books on one place; he never saw something like that. All those books he could read and learn from them. He reached out his metallic hand, but before he could actually touch the shelf; Vincent stepped between him and library. \"Don't touch anything.\" Australian growled and Chappie's ears lowered. \"I just wanted to look.\" \"You may live here in here for some time, but this is still MY house, my home. So you will obey and won't touch anything, if I don't allow it. You understand?\" Chappie was thinking for a while. Yes, they could be here, thanks to Michelle, but this seemed reasonable. This was Vincent's home. And even when he didn't like the man, he decided to respect it. \"Ja.\" Chappie turned back and returned to the others, sitting between Deon and Yolandi. This actually surprised Vincent; he didn't expect Chappie to obey him. He sighed and decided to join others. He sit on the couch and glared at Michelle, who returned the look with impish and victorious smirk. The man rolled his eyes and sighed. \"As I said, you will…\" He had to take a deep breath. \"You will live here… I guess, for some time, but as I said… This is my home, please respect that.\" Ninja leaned on the side of couch, also touching a small table nearby and accidentally dropped something on the floor. Vincent slowly turned to other man and stared him, with grim look. That sounded like a lamp, lamp crashing down on the floor. Deon was lucky Vincent was heading the other way, because he had hard time to keep in his laughter. He didn't care it's immature of him; it felt good to laugh again after some time. However, he wasn't the only one. Yolandi and Michelle were also trying to not laugh. Vincent in the end buried his face into hands. \"God help me…\" Chappie actually stood up and came close to Vincent, sitting in front of him. \"Thank you for letting us live here, Vincent.\" \"Don't talk to me…\" Australian whined and refused to look at robot. He already knew closing his eyes won't change anything, this wasn't a dream, but at least he didn't have to look at that… thing. He rather looked at Michelle. \"One question. Where are they supposed to sleep? Well I know robots can't sleep, but… just curious.\" I want to know where they will be when night comes. \"Oh, don't worry about that. You have there a room for guests after all. And from what I got to know, Chappie and Deon don't really mind sleeping on couch.\" That didn't make Vincent feel any better. After a while, he just stood up and went to kitchen to drink something. His hands were put on table and a deep sigh escaped him. His mind was occupied by various thoughts. Maybe he could just fake his death, move to another country and they would never find him. Yes, that sounded so much easier than dealing with this bullshit. Maybe, just maybe… \"You should really keep your thoughts to yourself, but I must say they are pretty funny.\" Vincent almost jumped, when he heard Deon's voice. There was that weird static that reminded him Deon was now robot. Well, he still didn't accept that and refused to believe it, even when all things were telling him it's true. Ex-soldier looked at the orange Scout and had an urge to flinch. How was he supposed to get used on this?! Deon was a nerdy kid that was addicted on Red Bull. That's exactly how he remembers him. Now everything wanted him to get used on that, Deon is a robot that could throw him through a wall, if he would want. Also, that color. Maybe it isn't good idea to make prototypes so brightly orange, it was getting on his nerves. \"What, now you are listening, when no one is looking?\" \"I just came here to talk to you, that's all.\" Even when there was static, Deon kept softness of his voice and tried to sound calm and reasonable. Vincent was on the other hand snappish and irritated. \"Talk about what?\" \"I want you to know I will keep an eye on you. I don't want you to treat Chappie badly.\" Vincent actually laughed. Yes, this had to be Deon. He knew very well this naivety. He didn't know how it was possible, but he really started to believe this is in fact Deon. Then the laughter stopped. \"Oh, Deon, you are hilarious. You really think it's your child? It's a machine that you programmed, nothing more. It doesn't have a soul. I don't know how you can still be alive, but I refuse to believe that thing is actually a living being. I promised Michelle I would try to get along with your gang of freaks, but that doesn't mean I will love you and admit that your stupid robot is alive.\" Deon actually frowned. He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to control his temper with Vincent around, mainly when he was talking like this. \"Also, thanks for ruining my life, Deon.\" Vincent took another sip of drink. \"Same to you.\" \"Well, in that case we're even.\" Ex-soldier looked at him again, studying his orange metallic body that was moving in familiar movements, which were in his memory linked to Deon. \"I can't wait when this is over; you piss me off so much, all of you.\" Deon actually smiled, not knowing if Vincent can recognize it. \"We'll see who is right.\" Australian blinked curiously and Deon came close to him. They were staring right into each other's eyes. Vincent didn't flinch this time. \"Oh, you think that I will change my mind?\" Deon nodded and Vincent just frowned. \"Have fun waiting, eternally. That won't happen.\" He was about to leave, but stopped when he heard those words. \"Unlike you, I have whole eternity\" Vincent turned back to him, looking confused. \"Oh, you don't know. With this body, comes immortality.\" Deon's voice was serious, he wasn't joking, and that actually terrified the Australian. Could it be? Immortality? No, no, that was stupid to even think about, so he just left without any word. When he got back to living room, Michelle was waiting for him. He sat on the couch and looked at her. \"Vincent, I know it seems horrible now, but please, trust me. It will be fine, just give it a try.\" Michelle sat next to her employee and friend. Australian gave her an ironic look. \"I wonder what you are even expecting from me...\" \"I just want to you to give them a chance.\" Vincent shook his head. \"We'll see about that. And now, if you all excuse me, I am going to have some sleep.\" He stood up and slowly walked away. Michelle didn't wonder why. It was understandable that he needed rest, when he just got from hospital. She couldn't blame him for this and she hoped the others would understand. Yes, Vincent could be blamed for many things, but they weren't so cruel to not let him rest. When Vincent reached his bedroom, he didn't really bother to get his clothes off, he just lay himself down on the bed. The pillow was pulled close and Vincent snuggled into it. He knew there is no chance he will fall asleep, not yet, not so soon, but he needed to be alone. Now he had a chance to think, but right now he just wanted to rest. The silence was all he needed. He didn't really expect to fall asleep so fast and easy, so when he woke up and saw it's already a deep night, he decided to look around the house. He just wanted to be sure nothing wrong is happening. Vincent came down the stair and looked into living room. That was enough to make him confused. Deon was lying on the couch on his side. One arm was wrapped around Chappie, who was contentedly lying next to him. Chappie was covered by blanket and even when he couldn't sleep, he was enjoying this calm and peaceful moment. Deon was happily watching him rest and curled protectively around his child. He was the one who needed to sleep, not Chappie, but for the first night here, he decided to stay awake and be sure nothing bad will happen. He managed to be awake for the whole week, he can handle one night. Deon's ears rose, when he noticed Vincent standing on stairs. It was an instinct that made his wrap around Chappie instantly stronger. His child noticed it, but he didn't think it was important, so he continued to lie without any movement. Vincent was just standing there and looking at them. He was actually trying to understand this situation. It took few minutes, but Deon then finally just shrugged and lay down, putting his head on Chappie's one. Vincent after a while left. It was deep night and he should rather get some sleep. It looks like they weren't going to burn his house down, well, at least not today. The next day was really awkward. Vincent would be so happy, if he would be able to stay in his bed, for the whole day. He would do anything to avoid all of them, but that just wasn't going to happen. He was at least trying to avoid eye contact, but that was also sabotaged, since Chappie was always keeping an eye on him and randomly getting in his way. Deon was also watching him, to be honest, everyone was watching him. Michelle said she would come today so they can have a \"nice\" talk, all together. He felt like he had enough attention for one day and it was just a morning. Others were just keeping an eye on him, but Chappie was different. Watching wasn't enough for him, he was following him everywhere. For Vincent, it was a horrible feeling, because he knew he is watched and followed. Couldn't that forsaken machine just let him be? Chappie was there when he was drinking coffee, when he was reading, when he was just walking around the house and more. Vincent decided to ignore the robot, but even his patience had its limits, so when Chappie was following him again, Vincent turned to him, angry. \"Why are you stalking me?!\" Chappie's ears went up, but he seemed rather calm. \"I'm not stalking you, I'm just curious. You are a human.\" Vincent rolled his eyes. \"You don't say.\" \"I met only few humans in life, so I am curious what you will do and how you will act, also…\" \"What?\" Vincent frowned, very annoyed. \"I want to know, why you tried to kill me.\" Vincent didn't know how to feel about this question. Was that supposed to be a joke? Was that robot making fun of him, or was he just that stupid? \"You know why? BECAUSE YOU ARE HELL ABOMINATION!\" Vincent yelled in anger, but it didn't seem like Chappie was touched by that comment. \"Well, would you tell me, why do you think so?\" That's it. He had enough. Vincent just turned his back to Chappie and shut door behind himself. Chappie stayed standing on place and just sighed. This will be hard. He then noticed Deon, who was standing next to stairs, looking up and trying to hold in the laughter. Well, at least someone was having a good time. Chappie wiped his \"nose\". He will have to try a different method. When Michelle finally came, they all sit at the table, except Vincent, who was refusing to leave his bedroom. Michelle made it clear that if he won't show up, she will fire him right now. This apparently worked, because he finally decided to go down, but he still didn't sit to table. He instead sat on the couch. He wasn't going to join them, but he also didn't leave. Sitting on the couch and listening them was enough for him. It was like this for the whole day, and when the sun was finally getting down, Vincent decided to go outside and breathe some fresh air. Also, there was silence. He sat down and looked at sunset. This was only the first day, and he was already feeling like he would rather return to hospital, then being here with them. The door opened and Vincent turned back, ready to face Chappie again, but instead there was Deon, standing and looking at him. \"Can I be here?\" Vincent was glad Deon at least asked him. He sighed and after a while nodded. He turned back and noticed Deon set next to him, looking at sky. \"Did you also come here to look at sunset?\" Vincent asked, not that he was that curious. \"Yeah.\" Deon made gesture as he was adjusting his glasses, and once again realized it was not needed anymore. Vincent noticed it and it actually made him a little uncomfortable. It was only another proof that this was in fact Deon, and he will have to accept it. They looked both back at sunset and Deon sighed. \"It's beautiful.\" \"Well…\" Vincent smirked. \"At least one thing that we both can agree to.\" There was a total silence after these words. They didn't feel a need to talk. This was already awkward enough, even without words. They both knew they are respecting other's presence just because it was needed. Deon was at least glad that Vincent didn't yell anymore, he wasn't angry and he was even willing to let him sit down here. It was actually better, than when he was around Ninja. They were getting along, sometimes, but Deon even to this day never really felt comfortable around the gangster. He hoped it would be fixed someday, but for now he actually felt better when he was sitting next to Vincent, even when it was just because they knew each other for years. Deon just knew what to expect. He looked at older man, who was gazing at sunset and Deon did the same after a while. Door opened again and they both turned to look at Chappie, who slowly closed the door behind him and sat next to Deon. Vincent looked what was in his hands and it looked like a sketchbook and pencil. Deon's ears rose and his voice got a jolly tone. \"Are you going to draw again?\" Chappie opened sketchbook. \"Ja.\" \"And what?\" Chappie pointed to sunset. \"This.\" Deon looked back at sunset and Chappie knew he smiled. He was so proud that Chappie wanted to learn more and more everyday. That's exactly what he wished for and hoped it will happen, when he started to teach Chappie. Vincent didn't say anything; he was just watching young Scout as he took a pencil and started to sketch on paper. Oh, right, Vincent remembers seeing him draw before, looks like it wasn't interest just for one day. And even when he was thinking back then it was totally crazy, he was kind of curious now. He never actually saw anything that was drawn by Chappie. Before he could even start, Deon told him how to sit properly and how to get right the perspective. He knew Chappie already knew all of this, but he was still willing to teach his child every possible detail. Vincent tried to not make it very apparent that he was looking, when Chappie finally started to draw. He didn't turn head, but his eyes slipped in direction of two Scouts few times. Vincent just couldn't miss the fact, how much Deon enjoyed this. He really looked like overjoyed father, who was excited about his kid's progress. Vincent didn't sincerely know what to think of this. He was just silently sitting there and looking at them, as they were having fun little moment. At least they were leaving him alone. They all turned back, when they heard loud laughs coming from the house. Looks like Michelle found a way to befriend Yolandi and Ninja and they were apparently having such a good time. Deon and Chappie just chuckled and then they returned to the drawing. Vincent leaned on the wall and sighed, this was getting harder and harder to understand. For the rest of the day, Vincent just decided to ignore them all. He was sitting with them in one room, but he didn't pay attention. They were visibly having fun without him, so there wasn't any need to interrupt them and Vincent liked it that way. Night was slowly coming and he couldn't wait when he will get to his bed and have some rest. When Michelle left, Ninja and Yolandi went to spend some time together and alone. Vincent was also about to go up and lay down on the bed, but he noticed something. He was looking into living room. He was curiously watching the young AI. Chappie was sitting beside Deon and he covered him with a blanket. What was he even doing? Deon was a robot now he didn't need to be covered. He didn't need to sleep, so what was going on here? Vincent remembered the last night, when he saw them lying next to each other on the couch, but he could clearly tell they are awake and know of his presence. He continued to look at Chappie, who leaned down to his Maker and started to pat him on the side, whispering. Vincent could almost say it looked like… he was putting Deon to sleep. They were robots, they didn't sleep! OK, he could tolerate that they were trying to make fun of him one time, but not twice. This was making him nervous. Maybe there was something else behind this, something sinister, bad… \"Vincent?\" He heard a voice, looked up and looked right into Chappie's eyes. He jumped back with a scream and Scout immediately got to him and put hand on his mouth, to make him quiet. \"Please, be quiet. Deon needs to rest\" Vincent looked at him with a shocked and horrified look. How did that robot dare to just treat him like this? Still, he was more shocked by words that he said. Chappie let him go and man looked right at him. \"You are robots! You can't sleep!\" Chappie's ears lowered. \"I don't sleep, but Deon does. He has a robot body, but he is still human. He gets tired.\" Vincent was staring at him. He didn't say anything for a while, but then he blinked curiously. \"He gets… tired?\" Chappie nodded. \"Ja. His mind needs a rest.\" This made Vincent raise an eyebrow, because it meant this machine understands that the body and the mind are two separate things. That was something he did not expect. He dared to ask. \"Does he… have dreams? If you know what it is.\" Chappie nodded again. \"Ja. I never had one, so I don't know what it is like to dream, Maker has dreams, but…\" He rubbed his hands. \"He mostly has nightmares…Bad dreams.\" This conversation was making Vincent more and more curious. He wanted to see how deeply could this machine think, but he was still careful. He did not want to be thrown against the wall again. \"What does he dream about?\" Vincent finally sat more relaxed. \"I only know what he tells me. Sometimes he sees some bad men, hurting me, or doing bad things. He wants to save me, but he never makes it in time. He also saw you in dreams, and your robot… And… That day when he was dying, that still haunts him.\" Chappie wiped his non-existing nose and looked down. It certainly wasn't pleasant to talk about, but if it makes Vincent understand and help Deon keep sleeping, he would talk. Vincent's expression changed with every next sentence. In the end he looks unsure. He looked up so he can see Deon lying on the couch and being covered with blanket. He was moving in his sleep like every other human and Vincent started to feel a bit guilty for almost waking him up. \"That's why you put him to sleep?\" A simple nod was enough. \"He says that when he knows I am with him, when he falls asleep, he has fewer nightmares. But I still sit next to him at night and watch him sleep; just to be sure I am there, when he wakes up. Sometimes he wants me to read a book to him, before going to sleep.\" Vincent didn't honestly know what to think, again. He didn't expect this. This robot seemed so genuinely caring and understanding. He was willing to stay all night with Deon, just to be sure he is there and ready to help. He was still sure it was only a program, but it was not for sure as simple as he thought originally… Deon created something he never saw before. This wasn't the same AI that he encountered that fateful week. Chappie wasn't scared anymore, he was very sure of himself, calm and deeply thinking. It frightened Vincent, because in this moment he felt like he was having a conversation with a regular human being, and not a godless machine. He couldn't tell difference, and that was scary. Chappie was scaring him, he didn't need to be aggressive, but his pure presence and behavior was making him shiver. He didn't want to admit this to himself, but…. he had a silent respect for this AI. Not because he beat him up, but because of how he was behaving right now. He was like an adult now, who was carefully watching him and trying to protect someone who was so dear to him. Vincent made one thing clear to himself, he never ever wanted to clash with Chappie, it may be the last thing he may do. \"I see.\" He only said and rubbed his face. \"Will you be quiet, so Deon can have some sleep? Please?\" Chappie's voice was calm and actually nice to listen, but Vincent knew he is deadly serious. He may say please, but Vincent felt like he is telling him: You will be quiet and let my Maker sleep or I will break every bone in your body. \"I will.\" Chappie's ears got up and Vincent felt like he wanted to smile at him. \"Thank you.\" He then slowly got on his feet and returned to Deon, gently taking his hand and squeezing it. Vincent stayed sitting there for a while, thinking and watching them. Chappie was like overprotective child, who was making sure his parent gets the best care in the world, He was so determined to take care of Deon, that it made Vincent wonder whether he ever saw more devoted child. He guessed, he would never have again a chance to make fun of Deon, poke him, or pull gun right into his face. Chappie was willing to give his life for his Maker, and it just made Vincent wonder. Could a robot really feel love? Could it love someone? Everything that he knew in life said no, but when he was looking at Chappie, taking so much care of Deon, he felt confused. He also couldn't believe this… being… was raised by gangsters. He might spend some time with them, but when Vincent looked at him, he saw Deon's creation. He was like Deon in so many things. Yes, he was talking and walking like some ghetto kid, who was raised by some drug dealer, but at the same time, he had manners and Vincent very well recognized Deon's behavior. He never really liked Deon. In his eyes, Deon was a child, who spent all night working at computer and then maybe playing some Pokemon games, or something like that. It always seemed like he had his own small world and he took notice of surrounding world only when someone talked to him to get his attention. He didn't know anything about life and how dangerous it can be outside. Vincent learned the hard way in army, Deon… he was thinking he knew harshness of life just because he read The Lord of the Rings. In the beginning, Vincent didn't really mind, because Deon wasn't in his way. But then it all changed, when Deon invented Scouts, and it turned Vincent's life upside down. Since then, he started to hate Deon, and look where they are now. But hate didn't get him anywhere, it only made things worse. He felt ashamed of himself and he started to feel like guilt is slowly getting into his mind. Why did he do it? Just so he could prove how superior his robot was to Deon's ones? People got hurt and killed; he did something that he was fighting against in the army. God, how could he be forgiven? Then he looked again at Chappie, who was patiently sitting by Deon's side and even leaning down on couch, so he was resting next to his Maker. They were so peaceful together. Vincent was denying this with all his will. No, this was wrong, wrong! Only humans, animals and everything that came from nature could have soul, given by the God, not a machine! He was shivering, it finally hit him. He may think anything, but there were facts. Yes, this was a machine, yes, it wasn't made by God, but… It was Deon's child. This was in fact his child. God, now he was really scared. He was never more scared in his life, when he realized all of this. He will keep an eye on them, but he was in for one wild ride for sure. \"God help us all.\" He whispered and rubbed his face. Now he should really get some sleep. The next morning was for sure very weird. When got down into kitchen, Chappie was already waiting there. To Vincent's surprise, when he sat to table, Chappie came to him and put coffee on it. Australian looked at him; suspiciously Chappie knew very well what he is thinking. \"It's not poisoned, I promise. I just wanted to say thank you, for you letting Deon sleep.\" Vincent rose an eyebrow, but he took a slow sip of coffee. Chappie's ears went down when he saw his sudden reaction, and with a lot of trying swallowed it. \"It's too strong… eh… But…. yeah…. fine… Thanks.\" \"I never made coffee before.\" Chappie confessed and Vincent looked at him. \"I can tell…\" Well, this was awkward, but Vincent wasn't mad. He could clearly see that Chappie was genuinely trying. So he will just let this pass. The day passed without any real problems. It was quiet, maybe too quiet. If there was one thing that Deon and Chappie shared with Vincent, it was interest in reading. He may not be willing to spend all day reading books, but it seemed to be one of his hobbies. That was good, because in this way, they didn't have time to argue. On the other hand, Chappie's mind was starting to form an annoying idea. He was in this house for few days now, but all he could do was walking around, Vincent didn't really let him to see every room, or even touch that library he has there. He was starting to get bored. This was totally new location with new surroundings; he just wished he could go out and explore this place. He wanted to get rid of this idea, knowing Deon would have go shit crazy, but it was just so appealing to his bored mind. Maybe, he could go out for a while… Yes, he could. He would return fast, no one would even notice he is gone. Well, it was risky to think Deon wouldn't look for him after a while; still, it was worth a try. He will just need to wait for night. When the night finally came, Chappie left the house, using back door that led to garden. He was most careful to not make any noise and then just got over the ledge. He promised himself he would be careful, so no one will see him. This was totally different location of town. Everything was so nice, clean and there were so many houses, so many new things to explore. The exploration had to actually wait, because he heard something. He headed in opposite direction then he was going, still careful to not go under any streetlight. His robotic eyes gave him good vision even in the night; he didn't need light to see. The sound was getting louder and to his unpleasant surprise, those were screams and laughter, but this wasn't a laugh of joy. He stopped behind one of trees and could see five humans. Those weren't adult, he was sure of that and they weren't kids. Those were teenagers. The only thing he could not understand was why they were screaming and laughing. Then he saw a small animal that was trying to get away from them. He didn't understand this; it looked like they were trying to hurt it, but why? It was just a small animal. Then something moved in him. He remembered. He remembered that day when he was left out all alone and those kids attacked him. That poor little being was suffering just like him back then. Right, that was enough. He didn't care if anyone would see him; this had to stop, right now. He just came from behind a tree and went right to them. One of the boys was about to throw a rock at animal again, but Chappie stopped him by grabbing his arm. He actually squeezed it and the boy started to yell at him. He got attention of others and they all turned to face the Scout. At first they were confused and yelled at him to let the boy go, but Chappie made it clear that their yelling won't change his mind. His grip got even stronger and boy actually started to yell in pain. They all stared at him with horrified look, and after the half of minute, Chappie let go. Still, that was enough to make them all run away totally scared. Just then Chappie realized what he did, but… He didn't regret it. He used his strength to hurt someone, but he knew why. Still, Deon wouldn't be proud of him… Then he remembered the animal. He got to the place, where he saw it for the last time and bent down to see if it's still there. To his relief, it was there. Chappie started to look at the animal closely and after few seconds, he was sure it's a bunny, avery small bunny, to be exact. He never saw this on his own eyes, but the Internet was full of them. It was so small, he almost couldn't believe it. He reached out to bunny, even when he thought it would run away. It didn't, and he got to know why. He took it in his arms, as gently as he ever could. It was so small and delicate, he was afraid he would crush it with his strength. He was lucky that didn't happen and he managed to get it close to his chest. Chappie could see its hurt, cold and it looked very hungry. He didn't know where it came from, but he knew he can't leave this bunny outside all alone. Suddenly he was pulled back, when someone grabbed his arm, and he found himself near Vincent, who was staring at him with serious face. \"What are you doing here?! Others may be ignorant and not see you go away, but it takes more to fool me! I don't know what you are up to, but I won't let you do any more damage!\" \"I'm not doing anything bad.\" \"So why are you here?!\" Vincent's voice was clear and strong, but he was trying to keep it down, so no one hears them. Chappie then turned to him and Vincent noticed the small bunny that was curled to his chest. \"Some punks were hurting this bunny, so I stopped them… I don't know where this little one comes from, but it's hungry and cold, I also think its hurt. Vincent… Please, I know you hate me, but would you let me to take this bunny in? It needs help.\" Vincent was looking at him for a while and then looked at bunny. It was so small. Yes, he still hated Chappie, but this was an innocent being that needed help. The thought of leaving it outside was horrible. Plus, he was sure that Chappie would try to keep it, somehow. He was just as stubborn as Deon. So Vincent in the end just sighed and patted bunny on back. \"What am I supposed to do with you? OK, we'll take it in, but I'm doing it just because of that bunny, not because of you.\" Chappie's ears rose. \"That's totally OK with me.\" Chappie slowly opened the door, trying to make as least noise as possible. He got in and then Vincent followed him. He closed the door behind him and decided to go to bedroom where he was keeping first aid kit. Chappie looked at bunny in his arm and gently pat it on head. Bunny was still shaking and was visibly nervous, but he didn't try to get free from the grip. Chappie slowly went across the hall, right to the living room. He wondered what he should do first. The bunny needed to be cleaned; it needed to be in warmth and it also looked like it didn't eat for few days. He felt so sorry for this little innocent being. \"Chappie?\" He turned to see his Maker, standing in opened door. \"Where were you for so long?\" Deon asked with honest worry and he went to his son. \"E-eh, I was sitting outside. You know, looking at the sky, having a good time.\" Deon stopped and noticed Chappie was hiding something behind him. \"What are you hiding over there?\" \"What? N-nothing. Why should I hide something?\" \"Chappie.\" Deon used his more strict voice and his creation finally surrendered. \"Fine… I'll show you.\" Chappie reached back and he took a little bunny in his both hands. He noticed Deon's ears got up rapidly, when he saw a small animal and he made a step back. \"Chappie, what is that?\" \"That's a bunny, you know bunnies, right? They are small, cute and cuddly. You can hold it too.\" He started to walk to his Maker, and Deon started to take small steps back. \"N-no, don't come closer with that thing!\" He yelled and Chappie's ears perked up in surprise. \"Why? It's just a bunny, it won't hurt you.\" \"I know! I WILL HURT IT! GET AWAY FROM ME!\" Deon was pushed back against the wall, when Chappie came so close to him, that his face was few centimeters away from his one. Bunny was in his arms and Deon looked at it in horror. \"Why? It's not hard to hold it.\" \"I can't control my strength! I will squish it! Chappie, please go away with that animal! Also, why did you even bring it here?!\" Deon was clearly having a panic attack. He was keeping his hands close to his chest and pulling his legs close. It was like this bunny was a horrible monster and he was all scared in the corner. \"It needed help. It is cold and hungry and it was also beaten by some cruel people! I couldn't leave it all alone! I know you would do the same thing Deon…\" Deon looked at his child. Chappie was right. If he was still human, he would help this bunny. He never had an animal, so he really didn't know how to take care of it, but he would at least bring it home, and then get someone to really help it. Now, there was one major problem, he was a robot! He was so strong he could break a wall without even trying, how was he supposed to take a small and fragile being into his arms?! He may technically die and get transferred into a robot body, but he didn't get crazy in the process. \"Maybe… OK, keep it for a while. It can stay for few days, but then you will take it to the animal shelter, or somewhere, just keep it away from me!\" Chappie smiled in his own way and he hugged Deon with one arm. \"Thank you, Maker!\" Deon tried not to move, watching the bunny in Chappie's second arm. God, what did he do so bad to be punished like this? Things got even worse, when he heard footsteps. He and Chappie looked back and they saw Yolandi coming in, rubbing her eyes. \"What is happening here? Why are you staring at me like this?\" She asked and after one look at them, her ears got up and she ran to them \"Oh my God, is that a bunny?! It's so cute!\" She kneeled down and patted the bunny on the head. \"Oh, it's so cold, we need to get it into warmth, and it's so dirty, give it to me, Chappie. I'll take care of it.\" \"But I brought it here, I want to take care of it.\" \"You can help me, come.\" She grabbed Chappie by one arm and they went away. \"IS ANYONE ELSE IN THIS DAMN HOUSE ASKING WHY WE HAVE A STRAY BUNNY HERE?!\" Deon screamed, but he was totally ignored. He made an annoyed snort and in the next second he saw Vincent who was standing there with a kit. \"Where is that bunny?\" \"Wait… you know?\" Deon looked at him, confused. \"I was the one who allowed him to bring this animal here. Also, what's up Deon? Having a panic attack again?\" Deon stared at him, very annoyed and to be honest, pissed. \"So he was out, and you even knew?! And what are you doing with that medical kit?!\" \"Soldier must be always ready!\" \"We're not in war, you military freak!\" Deon screamed back at him. \"I know what I'm doing Deon! You should rather keep an eye on your own child!\" They both then turned to look at Ninja, who was just standing there with a glass of water. He was looking at them with open mouth and glass was almost slipping out his hand. \"...you crazy.\" He then walked away and two other men watched him awkwardly. Then they looked at each other and Vincent with a sigh decided to head to bathroom. Since all noise was coming from there. \"Why did you let him bring that bunny here? Since you hate us all so much.\" Deon asked in much calmer tone and Vincent turned to him. \"Just because I hate you, doesn't mean I won't help an innocent being that needs help.\" Deon's ears rose in surprise. Yes, he had to remember again, Vincent wasn't evil; he had in fact the heart on the right place. He just hated criminals and the idea of AI. Somehow, yes, somehow, they all managed to clean the bunny, get it dry, wrap it into blanket and then make it eat some food. Yolandi had some experiences with pets and she wasn't afraid to tell Vincent to get away and take care of bunny herself. To be honest, for the most of the time, Chappie was standing there with bunny curled in his arms and he himself was watching his Mommy and Vincent argue. Still, they succeed, and that was all they needed. Vincent promised he would take bunny to vet in the morning, but he didn't really show any signs of accepting Chappie's thanks. In the end, bunny was resting in Chappie's arms as he was lying on the couch next to Deon. It was curled in blanket and Chappie was watching bunny with huge interest. He was just so happy that bunny made it, and there was hope it will get fully healthy. Deon was lying next to him, but it looked like he is about to fall asleep. Still, he could hear Chappie talking to bunny. \"It's gonna be OK, you gotta be tough, be tough.\" Deon snuggled into blanket, remembering when Chappie told him the same exact words, when he was dying. Just why did Chappie feel to need to save anyone who got in trouble? Deon then stopped to think in such way. He should be happy that his child was like this. He was kinder than many humans. Yes, Deon was glad and proud that Chappie grew to be like this, he would just be very happy, if his child would be able to keep that animal away from him. He just wanted to be sure he wouldn't get it smashed… ","Summary":" Hey guys, MoonRay here, and here is another continuation of this story, I hope you will like it, an"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"My Bloody Valentine My Version","Author":"ashleekakashi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5177965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Destruction WARNING PARENTAL GUIDANCE DISCLAIMER Kisah saya yang baru ini mungkin akan memasuki beberapa tema, genre yang bermacam-macam. Dan seperti Alice In Wonderland *dihajar*. Seluruh setting, tempat mungkin akan menjadi buatan saya sendiri. Terkecuali nanti ada beberapa bagian yg lain dari yang lain *ngomong apa sih, ditabok*. Kisah ini seperti cerpen, satu Chapter langsung selesai. Tak berlanjut-lanjut… Itupun kalau berlanjut paling ngak terlalu panjang CHARACTER Karakter bisa bermacam-macam, termasuk OC saya sendiri. Dan beberapa anggota member PLI *digebuki karena seenaknya masukin member* MY BLOODY VALENTINE CHAPTER 01 RATING : PG-13 GENRE: Slasher, Thriller, Horror, Drama Ini versi yang disensor… jadi banyak yang dipotong adegannya. Yang UNRATED lebih lengkap *dihajar, dipacul, dikubur, diambil jantungnya, disuruh beranak dalam kubur, disuruh tiren, bla bla bla bla sampai pembaca puas* Karena versi disensor jadi Cuma PG-13. Yg asli? 23 TAHUN KEATAS *dibunuh betulan ama Tom sekaligus Harry Potter eh…Warden deng + sudah pasti blogku akan menerima hadiah banyak sekali dari Roxas, Yurrei dan Yuki Tatsumi setelah memberi tahu kisah ini (jadi kepikiran masukin kuntilanak di cerita ini)* Character Karakter akan ditambahkan sesuai perkembangan cerita Tom Hanniger 18 - 24 Ashley Nicholas 16 - 22 Lumina Silverman 17 - 23 Yuki Palmer 17 - 23 Yurrei =)) Roxas Palmer 20 - 26 Roxas =)) Hitomi Fuyukori 16 - 22 Yuki Tatsumi =)) Rika Boone Dannielle Silverman Harry Warden RAHASIA Setiap dialog kata-kata yang diucapkan oleh seluruh tokoh mempunyai maksud tertentu, dan rahasia… Juga kunci… Di kota Harmony, terjadi sebuah pembunuhan sadis yang menewaskan 22 orang. Harry Warden, dialah orang yang melakukan pembunuhan sadis tersebut. Dia juga seorang penambang di suatu pabrik tambang Hanniger. Dia mengancam, jangan pernah merayakan hari valentine… Suatu malam di malam valentine, pertambangan Hanniger. Sekelompok anak muda sedang berpesta disitu. Tom Hanniger (anak dari ayah pemilik tambang), Ashley Nicholas, Yuki Palmer, Roxas Palmer, Lumina Silverman, dan Hitomi Fuyukori. Mereka selamat setelah Harry Warden membunuh seluruh anak disitu. Sampai dia hampir membunuh Tom, tapi Ashley keburu menembak mati Harry sampai tewas…. -FLASH BACK Ashley, Yuki, Roxas, Lumina dan Hitomi sudah keburu melarikan diri dari tambang itu dengan mobil kijang Ashley. Tetapi Ashley kembali ke dalam tambang setelah mengambil sesuatu di mobil. Hendak menyelamatkan Tom yang masih didalam tambang bersama Harry Warden… \"ASHLEYY!!!!!\" Teriak Lumina mencoba mengejar Ashley, tapi dia ditahan Roxas, Hitomi, Yuki… \"Lumina!!! Jangan!!!\" tahan Hitomi \"Ashley!!! Kau gila kah?!!\" Teriak Yuki Tetapi Ashley tak mendengarkan yang lain, dia tetap kembali ke dalam sambil membawa sesuatu di tangannya… Di dalam tambang… Tom sekarang sudah terjatuh. Bahu-nya luka dan mengeluarkan darah… di hadapannya sudah ada Harry memakai baju seragam penambang disertai masker gas-nya. Dia sudah sambil membawa Pickaxe yang berdarah bekas membunuh anak muda yang lainnya… \"grrr…grrr…\" geram nafas Harry Warden terdengar dari masker gas tersebut \"...\" Harry Warden lalu berniat tuk membunuh Tom, dia sudah mulai mengangkat pickaxe-nya… Tetapi… \"TBANGG!!!\" Suara pistol berbunyi, pistol itu ternyata mengenai tubuh Harry Warden… membuat darah yang keluar dari tubuhnya menyemprot ke wajah Tom… \"cprat!\" Tom lalu mengedipkan matanya… ternyata di belakang Harry sudah ada Ashley… dia dari tadi membawa pistol… Ashley lalu menekan pelatuk lagi \"TBANG TBANG TBANG TBANG TBANG!!!!\" Ashley menekan pelatuk 5 kali, peluru pun melayang ke tubuh Harry. Dia lalu mulai terjatuh… Darah yang keluar pun bercipratan ke wajah Tom… \"…urgh…\" Harry yang terluka \"ASHLEY!!!\" teriak Tom Tetapi…Tiba-tiba Harry bangkit kembali… Ashley lalu langsung melempar pistolnya dan mengambil Pickaxe lainnya yang berada disitu \"SUDAH CUKUP TIDAK SIH BANGSAT?!!!\" Teriak Ashley \"TBRETTT!!!\" Ashley lalu menusuk belakang punggun Harry dengan Pickaxe yg dia pegang. Lalu mencabutnya \"URGHHH!!!\" Darah pun bercipratan ke baju putih Ashley dan wajahnya… Harry pun kali ini benar-benar tewas… di tangan Ashley… \"Tbuk\" Harry lalu terjatuh… darah pun membanjiri tubuh Harry… Tom lalu bangkit… dia lalu melihat Ashley sekarang… dengan berlumuran darah sambil memegang pickaxe-nya… \"Ashley…\" Tom agak ngeri dan takut juga melihat Ashley… \"Tom… aku…\" keluh Ashley \"tiada cara lain…\" Tom lalu mendekati Ashley dan memeluknya… \"sudah…tidak apa-apa\" ucap Tom \"semuanya sudah berakhir…\" Polisi pun berdatangan… bersama petugas-petugas lainnya… 6 Tahun pun berlalu… Suasana hari valentine tetap dilaksanakan seperti biasa… Sekarang, Semuanya berpisah-pisah. 6 Tahun akhir ini Ashley dan Tom tidak kedengaran bagaimana kabar mereka… Kakak beradik Roxas dan Yuki, Roxas sekarang menjadi polisi kota Harmony. Sedangkan Yuki bekerja menjadi cashier di supermarket yang diwarisi dari ayah dan ibu mereka. Hitomi menjadi koki di suatu restoran hotel kota Harmony. Sedangkan Lumina baru saja menikah dengan seorang lelaki pria kaya kota Harmony… MINGGU 7 FEB 2010 Sekarang, Lumina didalam supermarket milik Yuki. Yuki mempunyai assisten bernama Rika. Lumina hendak membeli beberapa bahan-bahan buat makan malam bersama suami baru-nya, Danielle… \"Hai Lumina\" sapa Rika \"buat makan malam special nanti malam?\" goda Rika \"nah… Cuma makan malam biasa kok\" jawab Lumina \"Makan malam biasa? Atau romantis…?\" goda Rika \"tidak! Biasa saja kok. Lagipula Danielle dan aku ngak begitu suka yang namanya romantis\" ucap Lumina Lumina lalu berjalan ke kasir, di kasir sudah ada Yuki yang menjaga \"hmm, seperti biasa\" ucap Yuki \"kau tidak pernah berubah Lumina dari dulu\" \"yeah\" tersenyum Lumina \"kau juga Yuki\" Lumina dan Yuki tertawa… \"aku…aku masih kepikiran dengan Ashley…dan Tom…\" pikir Lumina \"yeah…kita semua juga Lumina\" ucap Yuki \"Roxas, Hitomi…\" Suasana mendung pun terasa… \"hey, tapi aku yakin. Kita pasti akan menemui mereka lagi\" Yuki mencoba membangkitkan suasana \"dan lagipula, beberapa hari lagi hari Valentine bukan?\" \"yeah, aku akan marah pada Danielle jika memberiku cokelat yang jelek. Atau mungkin langsung membuangnya\" ucap Lumina \"ke wajahnya\" \"Hahahahaha!\" ketawa Yuki \"kau benar-benar istri yang berbahaya…\" \"Kan bener? Istri jangan mau dijajah oleh Suami!\" seru Lumina Tiba-tiba ketika Yuki selesai mengecek belanjaan Lumina, dan Lumina membayarnya. Lumina tampak melihat seseorang baru saja turun dari mobil kijang yang tak asing baginya… \"Hey…\" Lumina tiba-tiba melepas plastic belanjaanya… \"Lumina?\" panggil Yuki Lumina lalu bergegas keluar supermarket. Dia lalu menghampiri orang itu… \"kau…?\" Orang itu menoleh, dan… dugaan Lumina benar… \"Lumina?\" \"Ashley…?\" panggil Lumina Orang itu Ashley… teman Lumina dulu… sekaligus… orang yang pertama kali disukai Lumina… \"sudah lama sekali ya…?\" Tanya Lumina gugup \"Yeah\" tersenyum Ashley \"kapan ya terakhir kali aku melihatmu lebih cantik dulu?\" \"kau bisa saja Ash!\" malu Lumina \"namamu itu, cantik banget\" \"takdir\" geleng Ashley Ashley dan Lumina lalu bertatapan lagi… \"Kau ada kontak dengan Tom…?\" Tanya Lumina \"ti..tidak…\" geleng Ashley \"aku sendiri tak tahu dia dimana sekarang\" \"ow…\" keluh Lumina \"kau pasti berat juga… kalian dulu mesra dan akrab sekali…haha\" \"well, asal kau jangan ingat-ingat saja ketika aku mabuk dan menciumnya\" ucap Ashley sambil tersenyum \"tapi…dia kok ngak menolakku juga ya?\" \"OMG, aku masih menyimpan fotomu itu! Hahaha!\" ketawa Lumina, dia lalu berhenti \"kau tidak mencarinya?\" \"tidak…\" geleng Ashley Tiba-tiba muncul seseorang lelaki tinggi menghampiri Lumina \"hai sayang!\" sapa lelaki itu \"oh hai! Danielle!!!\" kaget Lumina Ternyata itu suami Lumina, Danielle… \"apa yang kau lakukan disini?\" Tanya Lumina \"well, aku pulang cepat\" ucap Danielle Danielle lalu melihat Ashley… \"Siapa dia?\" Tanya dingin Danielle \"Oh, perkenalkan. Ini teman lamaku. Ashley\" ucap Lumina \"hai\" sapa Ashley \"Ashley, ini suamiku…Danielle…\" perkenalkan Lumina Danielle hanya menatap tajam ke Ashley dengan pandangan tak suka \"pengangguran?\" Tanya Danielle kasar \"Danielle!\" gumam Lumina \"Memang, aku masih belum bekerja\" ucap Ashley \"tapi aku sering manggung di kafe kecil di kota lain\" \"oh…\" dingin Danielle \"Ayo Lumina, kau sudah selesai kan belanjanya?\" ajak Danielle \"oh… aku sudah kok…\" keluh Lumina \"Aku juga mau pergi sekarang\" ucap Ashley \"sampai jumpa Lumina\" Lumina lalu ditarik Danielle pergi menjauhi Ashley… Ashley lalu hanya melihatnya… dia lalu menghembuskan nafas… \"pyuh…\" Malam hari Yuki sekarang bersama Roxas, kakaknya yang bekerja sebagai polisi. Dan Hitomi, temannya yang sekarang bekerja sebagai pelayan sekaligus koki disuatu restoran. Mereka bertiga berada di cafeteria bernama Masquerade. Sedang menikmati minum… \"Kak, bagaimana pekerjaanmu hari ini?\" Tanya Yuki \"well, kota ini terlalu damai… jadi sekarang agak membosankan\" ucap Roxas \"kadang berharap ada suatu kejadian yang buat ricuh…haha\" \"well, kalau begitu kenapa ngak bakar suatu gedung saja?\" Tanya Hitomi \"kan ricuh jadinya. Haha\" \"itu keterlaluan sekali…\" Yuki mau ketawa \"btw…kalian mungkin gak percaya ini…tapi… Lumina, dia ketemu Ashley tadi siang\" Tiba-tiba Roxas dan Hitomi terdegup \"Ashley?!\" kaget Hitomi \"Yup…benar\" ngangguk Yuki \"oh, baguslah dia kembali!\" seru Roxas \"Sudah lama sekali ya\" \"kau ada ketemu dia Yuki?\" Tanya Hitomi \"sayangnya ngak…Lumina saja yang menemui dia tadi siang\" ucap Yuki \"ya...\" lemes Hitomi \"tapi…bagaimana dengan Tom?\" Yuki dan Roxas diam saja… \"aku tidak tahu dia lagi…\" ucap Yuki \"mungkin Ashley mencari dia\" ujar Roxas \"tidak kak, sepertinya Ashley datang kesini bukan bertujuan itu…\" ucap Yuki \"mungkin… dia ingin menikmati hari valentine disini\" \"atau mungkin mencari Lumina…\" tambah Hitomi \"aku…jadi merasa tidak enak kalau begitu…\" pikir Hitomi \"Lumina barusan menikah minggu kemarin…\" Mereka bertiga lalu terdiam lagi… \"Tapi, yang pasti dia ingin menemui kita semua lagi\" ucap Yuki \"ingin kembali ke masa dulu\" \"siapa yang tak ingin Yuki\" tambah Roxas \"nanti cari Ashley yuk\" Semuanya mengangguk, Mereka bertiga lalu bersenang-senang ria sambil mengobrol-ngobrol… SENIN 8 FEB 2010 Di pertambangan Hanniger (Tempat dimana pembunuhan di malam valentine 6 tahun lalu). Sekarang, sejak pembunuhan 6 tahun lalu , tambang itu menjadi sepi…. Itu juga berpengaruh ke reputasi keluarga Hanniger... Sebuah mobil truk usang muncul dengan seseorang di dalamnya, mobil itu berjalan ke gunung dekat tambang itu. Seseorang lalu keluar dari mobil itu. Dia lalu memperhatikan tambang itu… sudah jelas… dia adalah…TOM… Tom kembali… \"…\" Tom memperhatikan orang-orang yang bekerja di pertambangan itu… Dia lalu pergi… Malam hari-nya Tom sekarang berada di depan sebuah rumah besar. Dia tepat berada di depan pintu masuk… \"TOK TOK TOK\" Suara Tom mengetuk pintu Seseorang lalu muncul dan membukakannya… \"Tom…\" sapa lelaki tua itu \"Ayah…\" panggil Tom \"masuklah\" ajak Ayahnya \"ayo kita minum dulu\" Tom lalu masuk, Ayahnya lalu menutup pintu… Mereka lalu berjalan ke ruang keluarga… Ayahnya lalu memberikan Tom sebuah minuman \"apa yang kau lakukan disini nak?\" Tanya Ayahnya \"ayah, aku mau membicarakan tentang tambang kita\" tegas Tom Ayahnya lalu terdiam sebentar… \"hmm… tambang huh?\" \"aku hanya berpikir… kenapa tidak kita jual saja?\" Tanya Tom \"Bullshit\" ucap ayahnya \"tambang itu milik kebanggaan kota Harmony Tom. Kebanggan keluarga\" \"okey, dengan nama keluarga kita yang semakin hancur?\" Tanya Tom \"Bangsat dengan hal itu, kau hanya dipersalahkan orang-orang karena kau dekat dengan teman anjingmu itu, Ashley\" ucap Ayahnya \"Jika dia ngak ada disana, aku pasti sudah mati ayah\" tegas Tom \"aku dan dia hanya ingin menghilangkan masa itu\" \"jadi, dengan menjual tambang itu akan merubah sesuatu?\" Tanya Ayah \"lihat Ayah, lihat baik-baik. Ini bukan karena aku saja, tapi lihat. Tambang itu juga sudah mulai memburuk kualitasnya. Kita pertahankan, kita bangkrut\" \"well, tambang itu tapi milik bersama. Milik kita semua di kota ini\" \"dan itu bukan masalahku\" geleng Tom \"TAPI itu masalahku Tom\" tegas ayahnya \"bagaimana respon kota jika aku menjual tambang itu?\" \"hmm…mungkin mereka tidak akan keberatan\" pikir Tom Ayahnya lalu mulai terdiam sebentar… \"jadi begini…? Kau berpikir seperti ini?\" Tanya ayahnya \"ini hanya kepentingan bersama\" pikir Tom \"semuanya tentang ini?\" Ayahnya lalu mengambil sesuatu… itu sebuah benda kotak seperti penghargaan *ga tahu apa namanya, dihajar pembaca, dibunuh* \"jika kau ingin berdamai dengan ayahmu…\" Tom lalu melihat itu… dia lalu meraihnya \"ayah, aku masih tetap berniat tuk menjual tambang itu. Dan aku sudah bulat\" Tom lalu hendak pergi… ayahnya lalu berkata \"kau dan ayah melindungi tambang itu\" tunjuk Ayahnya \"menjual tambang itu tidak merubah apapun. Bahkan tidak disetujui oleh penduduk kota\" Tom lalu berkata \"well, tunggu di hari aku menghilang\" sambil tersenyum Tom lalu bergegas pergi… Tom lalu mengendarai mobilnya ke suatu penginapan kecil… tepatnya hotel cinta… Dia lalu memakirkan mobilnya, dan turun. Dia sambil membawa tas yang berisi barang-barang pribadi miliknya… \"bark bark!!!\" Tiba-tiba muncul anjing kecil, tipe anjing Paris Hilton menghampiri Tom… \"bark-bark!!!\" \"hey…\" sapa Tom menggendong Anjing itu sambil tersenyum \"Dee! Dee!!!\" bentak-bentak seseorang, sepertinya itu pemilik anjing itu. Dan Dee-dee adalah nama anjing itu Orang itu lalu muncul…dia adalah seorang perempuan… \"hai Jamice\" sapa Tom \"oh hai Tom!\" sapa Jamice \"maafkan Dee-dee, dia memang seperti itu\" \"tidak apa-apa\" ucap Tom \"sudah berapa lama ya aku tidak melihatmu dan Ashley?\" pikir Jamice \"kau semakin gagah\" \"haha\" ketawa Tom \"kamarku sudah disiapkan?\" \"tentu saja, mari kutunjukkan\" ajak Jamice Tom sekarang berjalan menuju kamarnya… di tengah jalan menuju kamarnya… dia mendengar dari kamar sebelahnya… Orang lagi melakukan sexs… terdengar suara perempuan berteriak terangsang… \"ahh!! Ahhh!!! Ahhh!!!!\" \"This is so not happening\" ucap Tom Tom lalu berusaha tak menghiraukannya… Dia lalu langsung berjalan ke kamarnya… \"Nyaman sekali rasanya…\" ucap supir truk gendut itu Diam-diam, kedua orang itu. Yang terdiri wanita dan supir truk itu merekam adegan cinta mereka di suatu handycam. Di kamar Tom, Tom sekarang berusaha tidur… dia melepas jaket dan bajunya. Dia sekarang hanya memakai baju dalam… Tom lalu mengeluarkan suatu foto… \"…\" Foto itu terlihat, ada dia, Ashley, Roxas, Yuki, Hitomi dan Lumina. Itu kenangan mereka dulu… Dan 2 foto lagi, Ashley bersamanya. Dan Ashley bersama Lumina… Tom lalu tersenyum Di kamar sebelah Wanita yang sekarang hanya memakai bh dan celana dalam. Entah kenapa tiba-tiba wanita itu marah-marah ke supir truk itu setelah supir truk itu memberikannya uang… \"ANJING LOE! LOE PIKIR GW PELACUR?!!!\" teriak wanita itu Supir truk itu lalu keluar kamar, dia hendak pergi ke truknya. Wanita itu lalu mengambil sebuah pistol di laci, dan mengejarnya… \"hey!!! BAJINGAN!!!\" teriak wanita itu Supir truk itu sekarang sudah di dekat truknya sambil membawa handycam… dia lalu terhenti sebentar setelah wanita itu memanggilnya berulang kali \"apa maumu lagi pelacur?\" Tanya supir truk itu \"Bajingan!!!\" geram wanita itu sambil menodongkan pistol ke arahnya \"BERIKAN AKU TAPE YANG BARUSAN KITA REKAM!!!\" \"Kenapa harus?\" Tanya supir truk itu \"itu kan bisa menjadi kenangan bersama pelacur sepertimu\" \"bangsat!!! Aku sumpah!!!!!\" Wanita ini benar-benar kesal, tapi dia tak berani menekan pelatuk. Dia lalu melemparnya… dan tepat mengenai kepala botak supir truk itu \"TTTUUUKKK!!!!!!!!\" \"Aouww!!! Brengsek!!!\" kesakitan supir truk itu sambil mau membuka pintu truk \"krek\" Ketika dibuka, seseorang berpakaian penambang, wajahnya bertutupan oleh masker gas. Menusuk kepala supir truk itu dengan Pickaxe yg dia pegang. \"TBRETTT!!!\" Darah pun keluar dari kepala supir truk itu, penambang itu lalu mencabut pickaxe-nya dari kepala supir truk itu. Terlihat sebagian otak supir truk itu ikut keluaran bersama darah-darah bercipratan… \"cprattt!!!\" Handycam yg dipegang supir truk itu lalu terjatuh, dan merekam si wanita itu berlari kembali ke dalam hotel. Juga sang penambang yang mengejar wanita itu sambil memberi tanda fuck you ke camera… Tom yang sedang tertidur di kamarnya, tak bisa tidur setelah mendengar gaduh di kamar sebelah… \"bruk bruk bruk!\" \"duk duk!\" \"tbuak!!!\" \"tpang!!!\" \"KYAAAAAA!!!!\" teriak wanita yang tadi \"tch…berisik betul…\" kesal Tom Tom lalu memakai sepatu-nya, dia kemudian berjalan keluar kamar… tetapi ada sesuatu yang ganjil… entah kenapa langsung sunyi sekali \"…huh…?\" Seseorang lalu keluar dari kamar sebelah, dan itu adalah penambang itu. Dia sambil memegang pickaxe-nya yang berlumuran darah… dia lalu melihat Tom sambil menyalakan senter di topi penambangnya… Tom lalu terkejut… Dia lalu berlari, penambang itu lalu mengejarnya… Dia lalu mulai mengayunkan pickaxe-nya \"srettt!!!\" Tetapi lepas, Pickaxe itu menancap di dinding. Penambang itu lalu melepasnya dan kembali mengejar Tom… \"ggr…grrr….\" Suara nafas yang terdengar dari masker gas penambang tersebut Penambang itu lalu tetap mengejar Tom… \"shit!!!\" geram Tom Penambang itu lalu mulai mengayunkan pickaxe-nya lagi. Tapi lepas lagi, Tom kemudian meraih sebuah sapu dan memukul kepala Penambang itu. \"TBUKKK!!!\" Dan, penambang itu langsung terbentur juga ke dinding akibat pukulan Sapu dari Tom. Tom lalu langsung melarikan diri… Dia lalu bersembunyi di belakang Hotel… Sepertinya penambang itu kehilangan jejak Tom… \"Brengsek\" geram Tom, tubuhnya gemetaran karena penambang itu… Dia lalu meraih sebuah sekop... bermaksud memberikan penambang itu kejutan… Seseorang pun datang… mendekati Tom yang sedang bersembunyi… Tom lalu langsung membabi buta dan memukul orang yang mendatanginya… \"BUK!!!\" Tetapi… sekop itu dapat ditahan oleh orang itu… namun, itu bukan penambang itu… \"Hey-hey!!!\" kaget orang itu sambil menahan sekop dari Tom Tom lalu melihat orang itu… dia terkejut sekali… \"Ashley…?!\" kaget Tom \"Tom…?\" kaget orang itu… Tom lalu menurunkan sekopnya dan meletakan ke tanah… Dia lalu langsung memeluk Ashley… \"sudah lama sekali…!\" ucap Tom \"yeah…\" keluh Ashley \"oh! Kita harus segera pergi dari sini…!\" ajak Tom \"kenapa…?\" Tanya Ashley \"dia kembali!!! Dia kembali!!!\" panic Tom sambil mengguncang tubuh Ashley Ashley lalu mengeluarkan pistolnya… Bersiaga jika penambang itu menyerang… \"tenang Tom…\" ucap Ashley Ashley dan Tom lalu perlahan-lahan kembali ke depan Hotel… \"tiada siapa-siapa…\" ucap Ashley \"tapi…tapi aku dikejar Ash!\" tegas Tom \"dia menyerangku!\" ucap Tom \"dan sepertinya dia membunuh penghuni kamar sebelah!\" \"ayo kita lihat\" ajak Ashley Ashley dan Tom lalu bergegas ke kamar sebelah Tom… kamar dimana kegaduhan dan penambang tadi pertama kali muncul di mata Tom… Ashley lalu membuka pintu kamar sebelah perlahan-lahan bersama Tom. Dan mereka melihat… \"Oh tuhan…\" ucap Ashley \"astaga…!\" kaget Tom Terlihat, mayat wanita tadi tubuhnya sudah robek dibunuh oleh penambang itu. Jantungnya menghilang… Dia tergeletak di bathtub yang bentuk cinta dengan darah dimana-mana… \"…astaga…\" Ashley berjalan perlahan-lahan \"tepat seperti 6 tahun lalu…\" keluh Tom Mereka berdua lalu melihat sesuatu, di lantai terlihat ada darah yang menuju lemari… Tom lalu berusaha membuka lemari perlahan-lahan… dan… itu adalah \"bruk..\" Mayat Jamie dengan anjingnya, bagian dagu wajahnya menghilang. Disertai jantung dia yang sudah tiada. Darah pun bercucuran dari situ. Anjingnya pun kepalanya sudah berlubang. Mereka terjatuh dan mendekati sepatu Tom… \"Oh…!!!\" Ashley langsung terjatuh ke lantai [bersambung ke Chapter 02][Chapter 2] Another Destruction WARNING PARENTAL GUIDANCE DISCLAIMER Kisah saya yang baru ini mungkin akan memasuki beberapa tema, genre yang bermacam-macam. Dan seperti Alice In Wonderland *dihajar*. Seluruh setting, tempat mungkin akan menjadi buatan saya sendiri. Terkecuali nanti ada beberapa bagian yg lain dari yang lain *ngomong apa sih, ditabok*. Kisah ini seperti cerpen, satu Chapter langsung selesai. Tak berlanjut-lanjut… Itupun kalau berlanjut paling ngak terlalu panjang CHARACTER Karakter bisa bermacam-macam, termasuk OC saya sendiri. Dan beberapa anggota member PLI *digebuki karena seenaknya masukin member* MY BLOODY VALENTINE RATING : RESTRICTED 17+ GENRE: Slasher, Thriller, Horror, Drama Ini versi yang disensor… jadi banyak yang dipotong adegannya. Yang UNRATED lebih lengkap *dihajar, dipacul, dikubur, diambil jantungnya, disuruh beranak dalam kubur, disuruh tiren, bla bla bla bla sampai pembaca puas* Karena versi disensor jadi Cuma Restricted 17+. Yg asli? 23 TAHUN KEATAS *dibunuh betulan ama Tom sekaligus Harry Potter eh…Warden deng + sudah pasti blogku akan menerima hadiah banyak sekali dari Roxas, Yurrei dan Yuki Tatsumi setelah memberi tahu kisah ini (jadi kepikiran masukin kuntilanak di cerita ini)* Character Karakter bisa bertambah sesuai perkembangan cerita Tom Hanniger 18 - 24 Ashley Nicholas 16 - 22 Lumina Silverman 17 - 23 Yuki Palmer 17 - 23 Roxas Palmer 20 - 26 Hitomi Fuyukori 16 - 22 Rika Boone Dannielle Silverman Harry Warden Karin Roy Polisi Senior Eli Polisi Senior Jim RAHASIA Setiap dialog kata-kata yang diucapkan oleh seluruh tokoh mempunyai maksud tertentu, dan rahasia… Juga kunci… [CHAPTER 2] SELASA, 9 FEB 2010 Pagi Hari Polisi dan petugas lainnya sudah berdatangan ke tempat itu… Polisi sekarang sedang mengecek tempat itu. Petugas medis sekarang sudah bersiap jika mayat-mayat yang tewas akan mau diangkat. Ashley dan Tom diamankan. Mereka berdua sekarang duduk di kursi dekat Penginapan sambil diselimuti kain hangat. Ashley tampak gugup dan panic sekali… Tom lalu melihatnya… \"Ash… kau ngak apa-apa?\" Tanya Tom Ashley diam saja… dia lalu berkata \"kenapa ini terjadi lagi…?\" Tanya Ashley \"aku sudah membunuhnya waktu itu…\" \"entahlah…\" ucap Tom \"apa dia mengincar kita semua sekarang…?\" Tanya Ashley gugup \"Ashley… semua akan baik-baik saja. Percaya\" Tom berusaha menghibur Ashley \"bagaimana kau bisa bilang semua akan baik-baik saja Tom?\" Tanya Ashley \"LIHATLAH!\" ucap Ashley dengan nada tinggi dan sedikit kesal Tom dan Ashley lalu melihat Roxas yang sedang berbicara dengan polisi lain… \"maafkan aku Tom\" keluh Ashley Roxas lalu menghampiri mereka… \"whoa…6 tahun sudah ya kita tak bertemu\" ucap Roxas \"hai Roxas…\" sapa Ashley \"dan…kemunculan kalian sudah benar-benar membuatku terkejut\" ucap Roxas \"apa yang kau lakukan disini Tom?\" Roxas tampak menaruh kecurigaan terhadap Tom \"aku kesini jelas untuk menginap dan beristirahat Roxas\" jawab Tom \"aku lagi berusaha tidur, tetapi aku tak bisa tidur mendengar gaduh dari sebelah kamarku. Ketika aku keluar kamar, dia sudah di depan kamar itu. Dia lalu mengejarku\" perjelas Tom \"dia…? dia siapa…?\" Tanya Roxas Ashley dan Tom pun terdiam… \"Harry…Harry Warden…\" jawab Ashley terbata-bata Roxas lalu terdiam… tetapi dia mau tertawa juga… \"aneh…bukannya dia sudah kau bunuh kan 6 tahun lalu?\" Tanya Roxas \"aku ngak tahu Roxas\" jawab Ashley Roxas lalu berpikir… \"mungkin kalian musti diperiksa\" ucap Roxas \"sepertinya kalian mengkhayal…\" \"Roxas!!! Aku benar-benar melihatnya. Dia kembali! DIA MENGEJARKKU!!!\" \"Lalu apa buktinya brengsek?!\" balas Roxas \"KAU DAN DIA JUGA PALING MENCURIGAKAN TOM!!!\" \"DIAMLAH!!!\" Teriak Ashley Semuanya Polisi dan petugas disitu lalu memandang mereka bertiga… \"bisa kita bicarakan ini nanti saja?!\" Tanya Ashley \"aku pusing bangsat!!!\" Ashley sambil memegang kepalanya Tiba-tiba seorang polisi menghampiri Roxas… dia memberikan suatu Handycam… \"pak, mungkin anda mau memeriksanya\" ucap polisi itu Roxas lalu meraih handycam itu, itu adalah Handycam milik supir truk semalam. Dia lalu memutar ulang rekamannya… Dia memutar rekaman paling baru… Ashley dan Tom lalu melihatnya… Rekaman yang dimainkan sekarang ketika wanita itu berlari, dan penambang itu mengejarnya dan memberikan tanda fuck u di tangannya… \"itu…benar dia…\" tunjuk Ashley Roxas akhirnya mengalah… \"kau benar Tom\" keluh Roxas Tom lalu diam saja… dia lalu menatap Ashley… Tiba-tiba Yuki, Hitomi dan Lumina muncul menghampiri mereka bertiga… Lumina bersama Danielle… \"Ashley! Tom!\" panggil Yuki Ashley dan Tom lalu menoleh… \"hey…kalian\" sapa Tom \"Kalian semua baik-baik saja kan?\" Tanya Hitomi \"kita baik kok\" jawab Ashley, Tapi tubuhnya bergetar Tom lalu memegang tangan Ashley… \"Syukurlah kalian baik-baik saja\" lega Hitomi \"aku takut kalian kenapa-kenapa\" \"bukan kita berdua saja kenapa-kenapa\" ucap Tom \"Sekarang, kita semua seisi kota ini yang harus waspada\" Semuanya terdiam… tampak setuju apa yang dikatakan Tom \"Lumina, ngapai sih kita disini?!\" Tanya Danielle dengan nada kesal \"ayo pergi. Ngapai ngurusi 2 orang gila itu\" Danielle sambil menarik Lumina \"Daniel! Mereka temanku!!! Aku ngak bisa biarkan mereka begini!\" ucap Lumina \"teman-mu itu ga benar. Apalagi si Ash itu. Terliha dia Pyscho, jangan-jangan dia pembunuhnya!\" ucap Danielle blak-blakan Mendengar hal itu, Tom lalu langsung terhentak dan menghampiri Danielle. Dia lalu mendorongnya \"bruk\" \"Maksudmu apa itu bilang hal itu ke temanku?!\" geram Tom berusaha melindungi Ashley Semuanya lalu menghampiri mereka. Mereka pun sekarang jadi pusat perhatian orang \"kau siapanya juga?! Pacarnya!?\" Tanya Danielle nantang \"Grrr!!!\" Tom lalu hendak memukul wajah Danielle, tetapi ditahan Ashley, Yuki dan Roxas. Lumina dan Hitomi menahan Danielle… \"Pak Danielle, mulut anda tolong dijaga juga pak!\" bentak Roxas \"Anjing Loe!!!\" geram Tom \"Loe siapa juga di kota ini?!\" \"Tom! Sudahlah!!!\" Ashley berusaha menahan Tom \"aku terserah saja sudah… lagipula aku sudah biasa\" \"Hmph! Jauh lebih bagus!\" bentak Danielle \"sampah!\" Ashley lalu terdiam sebentar, dia lalu berkata… \"Lumina…maafkan aku ya\" ucap Ashley dingin \"huh?\" Tiba-tiba Ashley langsung memukul wajah Danielle keras sekali… \"TBUAAAKKKK!!!!\" Danielle langsung terlempar, hidung dan mulutnya mengeluarkan darah… Kediaman Silverman Lumina sekarang di rumah dia yang megah dan lumayan besar… Danielle dibawa ke rumah sakit setelah dipukul oleh Ashley keras sekali… \"pyuh…\" Wajah Lumina tampak sedih, tetapi dia tampak sedikit bahagia juga. Tiba-tiba pembantu dia muncul… \"Nyonya Silverman? Anda tidak apa-apa?\" Tanya pembantu dia \"oh…Ella… aku tidak apa-apa\" tersenyum Lumina Lumina lalu berlari ke lantai atas. Dia lalu ke kamarnya… Dia lalu berjalan ke meja perhiasan… Dia lalu mengambil sesuatu di dalam laci meja… \"sret\" Lumina lalu mengambil suatu foto… itu foto dia bertiga bersama Ashley dan Tom… \"…\" Lumina hanya tersenyum kecil Dia lalu melihat foto yang lain, foto yang sama pas dipegang Tom waktu malam itu. Foto yang terlihat Lumina bersama Ashley saja… \"…\" Lumina tampak mau menangis… entah kenapa… Malam Hari, di kantor Polisi Roxas sekarang di kantor Polisi, dia sedang memeriksa rekaman handycam itu bersama Pak Polisi Roy… \"Kejadian 6 tahun silam…\" gerutu Roxas \"Tapi… kita semua tahu Harry sudah dibunuh kan oleh Ashley?\" Tanya Roy \"entahlah, aku sendiri masih bingung\" ucap Roxas \"aku mungkin curiga dengan Ashley dan Tom… tapi… mungkin saja aku yang terlalu curigaan…\" pikir Roxas \"Tom dikejar penambang ini, Sedangkan Ashley baru sampai tak tahu apa-apa… Dia ke lobby tiada siapa-siapa, terus dia mendengar suara dari belakang Hotel. Menghampirinya, dan menemui Tom yang sedang bersembunyi dari kejaran Penambang itu…\" perjelas Roxas Tiba-tiba muncul Polisi wanita bernama Karin sambil membawakan sebuah tempat cokelat berbentuk hati. \"pak Roxas, ada kiriman hadiah valentine buat anda…\" ucap Polisi itu \"Karin?\" kaget Roxas Roxas lalu meraihnya… Diatas kotak cokelat berbentuk hati itu terdapat surat bertuliskan -FOR ROXAS PALMER- Tiba-tiba jari Roxas menyentuh sebuah darah dari kotak cokelat itu. Dia lalu menatap Roy dan Karin. Karin lalu memberi Roxas sebuah sarung tangan biru dari gantungan baju. Roxas lalu memakainya, Dia lalu membuka isi kotak cokelat itu… \"sret\" \"Oh sial…!\" Roy sambil mengelap wajahnya \"astaga…\" Karin kaget Itu adalah Jantung manusia… Di Kediaman Hitomi… Ashley dan Tom sekarang berada di tempat itu… Karena mereka ngak tahu lagi dimana tempat yang aman… Mereka sekarang berada di ruang keluarga… \"maafkan kita telah merepotkanmu Hitomi\" ucap Tom \"tidak apa-apa kok, aku dulu juga sudah banyak merepotkan kalian\" ucap Hitomi \"lagipula rumahku ada 1 kamar kosong lagi gak digunakan. Daripada mubazir\" \"thanks\" tersenyum Tom \"btw, kalian mau nasi goreng?\" Tanya Hitomi \"mumpung sekarang aku ada bahannya buat masak\" \"terima kasih\" tersenyum Tom \"biar kubantu juga ya\" Tom lalu menghampiri Ashley yang terbaring lemas di sofa, dia sambil menonton televise… acara berita… \"Ashley…\" panggil Tom \"yeah…?\" jawab Ashley \"kau…lapar?\" Tanya Tom \"aku mau buat Nasi Goreng\" Ashley hanya tersenyum kecil sambil mengangguk… Beberapa menit kemudian, Tom, Ashley dan Hitomi sekarang sedang menikmati nasi goreng buatan Tom Dan Hitomi… \"hmm…enak\" ucap Tom sambil mengunyah nasi goreng-nya \"menurutmu bagaimana Ashley?\" Setelah dilihat, Ashley ternyata sudah duluan menghabiskan makanannya \"selesai…\" \"Ashley, harusnya kau bilang dari tadi kalau kau lapar berat\" ucap Tom \"hahahaha, perasaanku Ashley kan dari dulu seperti ini\" hibur Hitomi sambil memakan nasi goreng-nya Ashley lalu tersenyum sambil mau tertawa… Dia lalu beranjak, menaruh piringnya ke dapur. Tempat cucian piring. Dia kemudian berjalan lagi ke sofa dan berbaring… \"*moan*\" Ashley menguap, dia menutup mulutnya dengan tangannya \"kau sudah ngantuk kah?\" Tanya Tom \"bentar, aku selesaikan makanku dulu\" \"Kau ngantuk Ash? Aku siapkan dulu kamarnya ya\" ucap Hitomi sambil bangkit Ashley dan Tom sekarang berada di kamar kosong yang ditunjukan Hitomi. Di kamar itu hanya ada 1 kasur lebar, lemari, dan sebuah sofa. Tom sekarang berganti pakaian dengan kaos dalam saja… \"Ash, kau mau tidur di kasur?\" Tanya Tom \"aku di sofa saja\" Ashley lalu terdiam sebentar… \"Tom…temani aku juga di kasur…\" \"apa?! Tapi…\" Tom merasa ragu-ragu \"kumohon\" mohon Ashley Tom lalu berpikir-pikir… \"okey\" ngangguk Tom Ashley lalu berbaring di kasur, dia lalu memeluk Tom yang berbaring di sebelahnya… \"dilihat dari caramu bertingkah, kayaknya kau masih ketakutan\" ucap Tom \"dan, ditambah tubuhmu yang bergetar melulu\" \"setidaknya aku ngak sendirian\" jawab Ashley yang tubuhnya bergemetaran \"kita semua takut Ash\" ucap Tom memandang Ashley Ashley dan Tom lalu saling bertatapan, mereka lalu tersenyum… Tom kemudian merangkul Ashley… \"selamat malam\" ucap Tom Tengah malam… Ashley terbangun… dia menemukan Tom sudah tiada di sampingnya… \"Tom…?\" panggil Ashley Ashley lalu bangkit… dia kemudian memakai jaket putihnya… yang tergantung di lemari pakaian. Dia lalu mengambil headsetnya. Berusaha tenang, dia menyalakan lagu. Dengan headset sebelah terlepas… ~OST - MY BLOODY VALENTINE 3D – PRODIGAL SON~ Ashley lalu berjalan keluar kamar. Dia lalu turun ke lantai 1. \"Tom…?\" Ashley tetap memanggil Tom Ashley lalu merasakan sesuatu yang lengket di lantai… Dia lalu melihat kebawah… \"apa i…\" Belum Ashley selesai bicara, dia sudah terkejut… itu adalah darah. Seperti darah mayat seorang yang diseret. Darah itu mengarah menuju keluar rumah… Ashley lalu mengikuti kemana darah itu pergi. Dia lalu membuka pintu rumah. Hawa angin dingin berhembus di tubuhnya… \"wush…\" Ashley lalu tetap mengikuti kemana arah darah itu… dia lalu melihat, darah itu menuju ke mobil pickup Tom… Ashley dengan tubuh gemetaran… berjalan perlahan-lahan mendekati mobil itu. Darah itu tertuju ke belakang mobil. Ada sebuah plastic putih besar penuh darah menutupi belakang mobil itu… Ashley lalu menyingkirkan plastic itu… \"…!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Dan… di balik plastic itu adalah Mayat Tom dan Hitomi. Kedua mayat tersebut dadanya bolong. Dengan jantung yang sudah tiada. Dan tentu saja, penuh darah dimana-mana… \"Tom!!! Hitomi!!!!\" histeris Ashley Tiba-tiba kilat menyambar… \"TARRRR!!!!\" Ketika cahaya kilat menyala dan menghilang. Mayat Tom dan Hitomi langsung hilang di mata Ashley. Seluruh darah pun menghilang. Plastik tadi juga menghilang… \"huh…?!\" Sepertinya Ashley mengkhayal… Hujan pun turun…tetapi… dia merasakan seseorang di belakangnya… cahaya kecil seperti cahaya senter pun terlihat menyinari kepala Ashley \"grrr…grrr…\" Ashley lalu menoleh, itu adalah penambang itu. Penambang itu kemudian mengayunkan pickaxe-nya ke Ashley… \"sret!!!\" Tetapi Ashley keburu menghindar. dia lalu berlari ke tempat lain. Penambang itu lalu mengejarnya… di tengah hujan… Ashley lalu berlari ke suatu pohon, dia terkejut. Ada sebuah mayat laki-laki yang sepertinya baru dibunuh tergeletak tertidur di sandaran pohon. Mayat lelaki itu terlihat matanya berlubang menembus kepala belakang… Dia adalah penjaga malam. Sepertinya mayat tak berdosa itu dihabisi oleh penambang itu… \"astaga…!!!\" Penambang itu lalu muncul lagi, dia lalu mulai menyerang Ashley… \"sret!\" \"sret!\" Ashley menendang tangan Penambang itu, penambang itu lalu kehilangan pegangan Pickaxe-nya. Ashley lalu langsung berlari… kembali ke dalam rumah Hitomi… Ashley lalu langsung mengkunci pintu rumah… tiba-tiba seorang menghampirinya… \"Ashley!\" panggil orang itu \"arghh!!!\" Kaget Ashley Itu ternyata Tom… \"Tom?!\" histeris Ashley \"kau darimana?! Kenapa keluar hujan-hujan?!\" Tanya Tom Ashley lalu langsung memeluk Tom… \"Tom!!! Kau hidup!!!\" \"Ashley?!\" \"Penambang itu!!!\" ucap Ashley sambil menunjuk keluar \"dia...! dia membunuh lagi!!!\" Hitomi tiba-tiba muncul dari ruang belakang… Dia sepertnya habis dari kamar mandi… \"Ashley? Ada apa?\" Tanya Hitomi \"Penambang itu\" jawab Tom dingin Mereka bertiga lalu keluar di tengah hujan… menghampiri Mayat yang ditemukan Ashley tadi… penjaga malam yang tergeletak di pohon. Ashley sudah membawa pistol tuk bersiaga… \"*gasp*\" Hitomi sambil menutup mulutnya \"Brengsek!\" kesal Tom \"aku pikir… dia…tidak main-main kali ini…\" ucap Ashley \"kenapa dia muncul dan membunuh orang-orang…\" Tom dan Hitomi lalu melihat Ashley \"Dia mengincar kita berdua…Tom\" ucap Ashley \"dia menginginkan kita berdua… tuk melampiaskan dendamnya…\" Hujan yang dingin disertai angin yang berhembus kencang. Menambah cekam dan suramnya di malam itu… Membuat tubuh Ashley, Hitomi dan Tom semakin ketakutan dan mengigil… RABU 10 FEB 2010, Dini hari yang dingin sekitar jam 5 pagi… Hujan sudah berhenti… Polisi kembali berdatangan… dan sekali lagi… Ashley, Tom dan Hitomi diamankan… Roxas, dan Beberapa polisi senior lalu melihat mereka… Entah kenapa beberapa dari polisi senior itu tampak kesal sekali memandang Ashley dan Tom… Terdengar juga pembicaraan mereka… \"Harry Warden itu mengincar mereka!!! Gara-gara mereka penduduk kota ini jadi dibunuh!!!\" bentak seorang polisi senior \"Harry Warden sudah tewas dibunuh Ashley 6 tahun lalu. Aku dan Pak Jim yang mengubur mayat Harry di tengah hutan!\" ucap seorang polisi senior bernama Eli \"yeah, kita menguburnya\" tambah polisi senior Eli \"Terus sekarang apa?\" Tanya polisi senior yang ngamuk itu \"Dia kembali!\" \"Pak…!\" ucap Roxas mau memanggil polisi senior yang mau ngamuk itu Polisi senior itu tiba-tiba mendekati Tom dan Ashley. Dia lalu mengayunkan suatu pukulan ke Tom… \"Tbuakk!!!\" Tom lalu terhentak, semuanya kemudian menghampiri dan menahan Polisi yang ngamuk itu… Ashley lalu mendekati Tom… \"Pak?! Maksudnya apa bapak ini?!\" Tanya Ashley kesal \"Ini semua gara-gara kalian!!!\" bentak polisi yang ngamuk itu \"Harry Warden menginginkan kalian!!!\" \"Pak! Tenanglah!!!\" tahan Roxas \"Sumpah!!! Dia akan membunuh kalian berdua!!!\" bentak Polisi itu \"KALIAN YANG MEMBUAT DIA KEMBALI!!! KALIAN YANG MEMBUNUH PENDUDUK KOTA INI!!!\" Tom lalu mulai mau memukul polisi tua itu, tetapi Ashley dan Hitomi menahannya \"APA?!\" kesal Tom \"KALIAN SEMUA JADI MAU MENYALAHKAN KITA KARENA KEJADIAN 6 TAHUN LALU!?!!\" teriak Tom \"BUKAN KITA YANG MEMBUNUH ORANG-ORANG INI!!!\" Ashley lalu tampak geram sekali, dia lalu keluar dari keributan itu sambil berkata \"Aku yang membunuhnya 6 tahun lalu…\" ucap Ashley \"Ashley…?\" panggil Hitomi \"Dan…bukan berarti…\" ucap Ashley \"Aku sudah tak bisa melakukan hal yang sama\" \"Ashley…kau mau apa…?!\" Tanya Roxas Ashley lalu menatap polisi senior yang ngamuk itu dengan tatapan tajam \"Kau bilang kan, aku dan Tom yang mengakibatkan pembunuhan ini kembali?\" Tanya Ashley \"Ok, tapi kau ngak usah libatkan Tom\" tegas Ashley \"Biar aku yang membunuh kembali Pembunuh bangsat itu seperti 6 tahun lalu\" \"Ashley… kau begitu tak mengubah apapun!\" ucap Hitomi \"AKU HARUS APA HITOMI?!!\" Teriak Ashley \"SI KAI TUA ITU TERIAK-TERIAK KAYAK ANJING MENYALAHKAN AKU. SEMUA ORANG MENYALAHKAN AKU! OKE!!! AKU YANG BERTANGGUNG JAWAB!!!\" Teriak Ashley \"AKU YANG AKAN MENCARI PENAMBANG ITU!!! SEKALIAN BIAR KUBAWA MAYATNYA DAN KUPERLIHATKAN KE KALIAN SEBAGAI BUKTI!!!!\" Ashley lalu pergi ke dalam rumah Hitomi. Dia lalu membanting pintu \"TBUAAAKKK!!!!\" Semuanya terdiam mendengar Ashley mengamuk… \"Ashley…\" panggil Hitomi \"dia serius berkata seperti itu\" \"Lihat… gara-gara kalian\" ucap Tom memandang Roxas dengan polisi lainnya. Dia sambil mengelap wajahnya dengan tangannya \"hampiri dia Tom\" perintah Roxas Tom lalu menuruti Roxas, dia mengejar Ashley ke dalam rumah… Ashley sekarang berada di kamar mandi… Dia menatap wajahnya yang terpantul di cermin… \"aku…\" Ashley lalu menyentuh cermin itu… Dia lalu memukul cermin itu dengan tangannya… \"ARGHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" \"TPANGGG!!!!!!!!!\" Serpihan cermin itu berserakan kemana-mana, melukai tangan kanan Ashley… Membuat pendarahan… Tiba-tiba Tom muncul… \"Ashley\" panggil Tom \"Astaga…kau udah gila apa?!\" Tanya Tom histeris melihat tangan Ashley yang penuh darah akibat luka memukul cermin. Jaket putihnya pun terlihat berdarah karena tangan kanan Ashley yang menyentuh jaketnya… Ashley lalu menoleh… \"apa?\" Tanya Ashley Tom sendiri tak tahu harus berkata apa sekarang ke Ashley… \"Tinggalkan aku sendiri Tom\" perintah Ashley \"Ash… aku…\" ucap Tom \"Tolong Tom!\" Ashley mulai mengkeraskan nadanya \"Kau bisa tidak ngak usah semosi itu?!\" Tanya Tom dengan kesal \"Bagaimana aku ngak emosi?!\" Tanya Ashley \"Tolong, TINGGALKAN AKU SENDIRI!!!\" \"WELL, TAPI BUKAN KAMU SAJA YANG NGAK EMOSI BRENGSEK!!!\" Teriak Tom \"Kita berdua sekarang mengalami masalah ini bersama!!!\" ucap Tom \"kau egois Ash!!!\" Ashley terdiam… dia lalu memegang kepalanya yang seakan-akan tertusuk pisau… Migrain… \"Tom…maafkan aku…\" keluh Ashley \"fuh…\" Tom menghembuskan nafas berat \"Maafkan aku juga\" ucap Tom \"teriak-teriak\" Ashley lalu duduk di pinggir bathtub di kamar mandi… \"entah kenapa, aku tak tahu apa-apa… Aku kembali ke kota ini karena…\" Ashley tampak berat mau berkata \"karena ingin mengenang masa lalu… tapi… kenapa malah ini yang harus kuterima…?\" Tom lalu duduk di sebelahnya, mendengarkan Ashley… mencoba mengerti \"aku kesini karena tambang itu\" ucap Tom \"aku ingin menjualnya… karena… masa lalu itu…\" ucap Tom \"dan… kenyataanya. Aku ingin mencari yang lain, terutama kamu\" Tom melihat Ashley yang lemas dan penuh dengan darah dia sendiri… \"Ayo, kita harus mengobati tanganmu\" Ajak Tom bangkit memegang tangan kiri Ashley… Tiba-tiba Polisi Eli dan Jim muncul… \"astaga… apa yang kau lakukan Ash?!\" panic Polisi Jim melihat Ashley yang penuh darahnya sendiri \"tidak apa-apa…\" ucap Ashley \"aku kan baik-baik saja\" Polisi senior Eli dan Jim lalu mulai mengatakan sesuatu ke Ashley dan Tom… \"Dimulai dari kalian berdua Tom dan Ash\" ucap senior Jim \"Sejak pembunuhan di hotel itu dan sekarang. Orang-orang mulai mencurigai kalian berdua\" \"Harry Warden yang membunuh orang itu pak\" tegas Tom \"bukan kita!\" \"aku mengerti\" ucap senior Jim \"dan kami tahu, Ashley yang membunuhnya 6 tahun lalu\" Semuanya lalu memandang Ashley… \"Aku tahu itu Tom\" ucap senior Jim \"Terus sekarang apa? Kalian juga ingin menyalahkan kita?!\" Tanya Tom Polisi Senior Jim lalu terdiam sebentar \"aku berusaha melindungi kau Hanniger\" ucap senior Jim \"dan juga kau Nicholas\" tegas Jim \"Tapi jangan khawatir, aku akan meyakinkan publik untuk tidak mencurigai kalian\" Polisi senior Jim dan Eli pun pergi… meninggalkan Ashley dan Tom… Di kamar… Tom dan Ashley sekarang sedang mengobati tangan Ashley. Membalutnya dengan balutan… \"selesai\" ucap Tom Ashley lalu melihat tangan kanannya sekarang… \"aku seperti Mumi\" ucap Ashley Tom lalu mau tertawa mendengar Ashley. Mereka berdua lalu terbaring di kasur… \"kau tahu, aku masih ngantuk tidur tak nyenyak semalam\" ucap Tom \"aku juga\" ucap Ashley \"kejadian ini benar-benar gila\" Tom lalu bangkit kembali \"hey, yang kau katakan tadi diluar sana main-main bukan?\" Tanya Tom \"yang itu?\" Tanya Ashley balik \"aku serius\" ucap Ashley \"aku yang membunuhnya waktu itu. Kenapa sekarang aku musti takut tuk membunuhnya lagi?\" \"bukan… maksudku menunjukkan mayatnya nanti ke semua orang sebagai bukti\" ucap Tom \"oh\" Ashley lalu bangkit, dia mengganti jaket putih dia yang berlumuran darah dengan jumper hitam… \"huh?\" Tanya Tom \"serius\" dingin Ashley \"aku bisa\" \"well, jika kau bilang begitu. Kudukung\" tersenyum Tom \"Hey…\" panggil Ashley \"kau ingat ketika kita mabuk?\" \"kita…what?!\" kaget Tom \"ketika kita bersama Lumina mabuk, dan aku menciummu. Aku mencium Lumina. Padahal nyatanya kau tidak mabuk, kau mau saja aku cium. Kenapa?\" Tanya Ashley dengan nada sedikit goda \"well… kau…\" \"katakan sejujurnya, Apa kau menyayangiku Tom?\" Tanya Ashley \"apa-apaan sih!? Ingat masa itu!\" wajah Tom memerah Ashley lalu mau tertawa \"nah… tidak apa-apa\" ucap Ashley \"aku hanya berpikir, beruntung masih ada orang yang mencintaimu\" pikir Ashley \"daripada tidak sama sekali. Seharusnya kau menghargai orang yang masih mencintaimu itu. Walaupun dia apa kek, siapa kek…\" \"jadi gimana?\" Tanya Tom \"jadi ya tidak masalah kau menyayangiku\" Ashley tersenyum \"Dan jika orang bertanya ke kamu Who Loves You , mungkin aku akan menjawab duluan I'll Think I Do \" \"Ternyata aku benar, itu makanya kau memeluku semalam kencang sekali!\" \"lupa ya? Malam tadi tuh dingin. Aku sudah pake selimut masih saja kedinginan. Jadi ya kupeluk aja tubuhmu yang hangat kayak bantal itu\" ejek Ashley \"dan lagipula, apa hubungannya?\" Tom dan Ashley lalu tertawa… keras sekali… [bersambung][Chapter 3] [CHAPTERn03] Paginhari… Dinkediaman Palmer… Roxas sekarang sudah kembali pulang… Yukinsekarang baru saja mau bergegas ke supermarket… Roxasnsekarang berada di kamar pribadinya, dia sedang mengamati rekamannvideo sexs tape kemarin. Yuki lalu mendatanginya… \"Roxas…\"npanggil Yuki KetikanYuki melihat monitor itu… \"Ohntuhan, maafkan aku menganggumu\" ucap Yuki sambil mengelengkannkepalanya \"tapi bisa ngak kau melakukan ini nanti saja?\" \"Kamunpikir aku sedang melakukan apa Yuki?\" Tanya Roxas \"aku mengamatinvideo ini\" \"Sexs-nya?\"nTanya Yuki lagi \"Tidaknnyonya\" tegas Roxas \"Kau tidak tahu apa yang ditangkap rekamannini\" Roxasnlalu menyetel video itu, mengpause. Lalu meng-zoom. Di adegan sexsnitu. Ada jendela kamar. Terlihat Tom dari luar jendela yang taknsengaja melihat wanita dan supir truk itu bersexs… \"lihat?\" Yukinlalu mengami video itu… SepertinyanRoxas masih menaruh kecurigaan kepada Tom… Yukinsekarang berada di supermarket… Dia bersama Rika yang membantunya.nYuki kedatangan Lumina yang sedang bingung… Yukinsekarang berada di kasir, Lumina sedang duduk di suatu kursi \"Yuki…\"nkeluh Lumina \"aku dengar penjaga malam dekat perumahan ini tewas\" \"yeah,nRoxas baru saja mendatanginya tadi pagi\" ucap Yuki \"Ashley, Tomndan Hitomi kali ini ikut terlibat\" \"huh…\"nlemes Lumina \"Berantemndengan Danielle?\" Tanya Yuki \"yeah…\"nucap Lumina \"dia…keras kepala sekali…ngotot\" \"mungkin…dianhanya peduli denganmu Lumina\" ucap Yuki yang sambil bersandar dinkasir \"akuntahu kok\" tersenyum Lumina \"hanya…kadang menyebalkan sekali\" \"kalinini apa masalahnya?\" Tanya Yuki \"sejaknmalam pertama kami… entah kenapa… aku sampai sekarang belumnhamil\" pikir Lumina \"setelah aku cari tahu… ternyata…Daniellenmandul\" \"mandul?\"nkaget Yuki \"yeah…naku menemukan surat periksa dia ke dokter\" ucap Lumina \"dianlangsung mengamuk ke aku… menyalahkan diriku\" \"tapi…itunkan aneh?\" heran Yuki \"dia yang mandul. Kenapa kau yangndisalahkan?\" \"Entahlah\"njawab Lumina, dia tampak mau menangis \"mungkin…pernikahan kaminitu salah Yuki\" geleng Lumina \"kita seharusnya tak bersama\" \"yangnku tahu…\" pikir Yuki \"kau dulu menyukai Ashley… tetapi kauntak pernah mengutarkan isi hatimu\" ucap Yuki \"sekarang, dianmuncul kembali… tetapi… kau sudah bersama lelaki lain… hanyanberusaha tuk melupakannya…\" \"salahku\"nucap Lumina \"kring\" Belnseseorang pengunjung datang dari pintu masuk ke supermarket. Luminandan Yuki lalu menoleh… \"ng…\"ngumam orang itu ItunTom… \"hai…semua…\"nsapa Tom \"hainTom\" sapa Yuki \"Mana Ashley?\" \"dianberpisah denganku di rumah Hitomi\" jawab Tom \"ow…\"nkeluh Yuki \"jadi…apa yang kau lakukan disini?\" \"akunhanya ingin berbicara dengan seseorang…\" ucap Tom Tomnlalu melihat Lumina, Lumina kemudian memandangnya juga… Sekarang…ndi jembatan penyebrangan Kota Harmony… Luminandan Tom sekarang sedang berjalan-jalan di pinggir jembatan… \"kauntahu, aku harusnya tak meninggalkan tambang itu seperti yangnkulakukan\" ucap Tom \"aku kacau\" \"itunsudah lama sekali\" ucap Lumina \"yeah…\"nucap Tom \"aku dan Ashley saja yang sepertinya menghilang selama 6ntahun ini\" \"Kaundulu pernah bilang bukan bahwa tambang itu sudah bagian darinhidupmu?\" Tanya Lumina \"well, aku datang kesini bukannkarena hal itu\" jawab Tom Tiba-tibanLumina menghentikan langkahnya \"kau dan Ashley tidak tahu\"ntegas Lumina \"betapa beratnya beban kita. Setiap pekerja yangnbekerja disana, setiap orang yang mendatangi supermarket Yuki\" ucapnLumina \"seluruh orang yang berusaha demi tambang itu\" \"itunbukan tanggung jawabku\" ucap Tom \"ya,nbenar\" jawab Lumina \"kau dan Ashley melarikan diri 6 tahun lalu.nSementara orang lain yang malah membersihkan atas perbuatan yangnkalian perbuat\" tegas Lumina \"kita semua bekerja sama Tom\" Tomnberusaha mendengarkan Lumina… \"kauntak berpikir kah betapa pentingnya tambang itu bagi keluargamu?\"nTanya Lumina \"aku pikir tidak\" geleng Lumina \"kau dan Ashleynhanya melarikan diri\" \"akuntidak mengikutimu dengan yang lain selama 6 tahun\" \"tidak?\"nTanya Lumina, dia lalu mulai menoleh kesana kemari \"akunmenghadapinya\" \"lagi?\"nTanya Tom, dia lalu mulai berpikir \"aku berharap aku bisa, tapintidak\" jawab Tom \"aku kehilangan jalanku\" \"Tom…\"npanggil Lumina \"kau bisa kembali ke tempat itu dan menemukannkembali jalanmu\" ucap Lumina \"atau kau akan berlari terus dalamnhidupmu…? Itu pilihanmu\" Luminanlalu meninggalkan Tom pergi… \"oh,nbtw…\" tahan Lumina \"mungkin sebaiknya kau bicarakan hal ininjuga ke Ashley\" Luminanlalu pergi… Tom hendak memanggilnya… tetapi… terasa berat… Tomnsekarang mengendarai mobilnya ke tambang itu… terlihat para pekerjantambang sedang sibuk bekerja di tambang itu… Tomnlalu keluar mobil… dia baru melihat seorang Polisi pergi darintempat itu. Sepertinya itu Polisi Roy… \"brrmm\" Suaranmobil polisi yang pergi dari tempat itu… Tomnlalu berniat masuk ke dalam tambang, tiba-tiba seorang pekerjanmenghampirinya… \"Tom,nkau ngapai disini?\" Tanya pekerja itu \"akuningin masuk kedalam\" jawab Tom \"hey,ntempat ini tak aman bung\" peringat pekerja itu \"akunbesar disini, jadi akan aman saja di tanganku\" tegas Tom Tomnlalu dibawa masuk ke tambang itu… Dia sekarang sedang memakai bajunpenambang khusus di temani pekerja tadi. Sekarang Tom diantar kentempat masuk ke dalam tambang itu dengan sebuah kendaraan kecilnpenambang tersebut *DARInTADI TAMBANG MELULU, NGAK NGERTI. DIPACUL, DIAMBIL JANTUNGNYA, LALUnMAYATNYA DIBUANG KE JURANG, LALU JANTUNGNYA DISIMPAN BUAT HARInVALENTINE TAHUN 2010* \"Ben!nTemani dia kedalam!\" ucap pekerja tadi ke seorang pekerja bernamanBen, yang akan menemani Tom ke dalam dengan kendaraan kecil penambangntersebut… \"Krek\" \"zrrtt\"nsuara kendaraan kecil itu berbunyi… Beberapanmenit kemudian… Tomndan Ben sampai di tempat tujuan Tom. Mereka lalu turun dari kendaraannkecil tersebut… \"jangannsentuh apapun\" tegas Ben Bennlalu mendekati sebuah telepon dekat situ. Dia lalu menelpon pekerjanyang lain. Tom kemudian memperhatikan sekitar tempat itu. Dia lalunmelihat sebuah mesin generator tua yang diisolasi dengan tiang dannpagar besi. Tom lalu mendekati tempat itu, Ben terlihat sibuknberbicara dan tak memperhatikan Tom... Tomnlalu perlahan-lahan mendekati mesin generator tua itu. Dia lalunmengamatinya… \"…\" Ketikandia menoleh kebelakang… \"grrr…grrr\" Penambangnitu sudah dibelakangnya, dia lalu mencoba menebas Tom. Dan dianberhasil, tapi hanya melukai lengan Tom… \"cbrettt!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu menendang Tom… \"TBUAAKKK!!!!\" Tomnlalu terlempar ke dalam ruang generator itu. Penambang itu lalunmengkaitkan besi penutup itu dari luar sangat kuat. Sehingga Tom taknbisa keluar dari ruang generator itu. Tomnlalu berusaha bangkit, dia lalu mencari topi pekerja penambang yangntadi lepas dari kepalanya. Dia lalu menemukannya. Memakainya kembali.nDia lalu mencoba keluar dari ruang generator itu. Tetapi tak bisa,npintu tadi sudah tertutup rapat dari luar… \"Brengsek!!!\"ngeram Tom Tomnlalu memperhatikan sekelilingnya, penambang tadi sudah tiada. Ketikandia menghadap kiri… tempat dia berjalan ke ruang generator tadi.nPenambang itu sudah di depannya, menatapnya… \"grr…grrr…\" Penambangnitu lalu menyalakan lampu topinya. Tom lalu berdiri perlahan-lahan.nPenambang itu mengikutinya berdiri… \"grrr…grrr…\" Entah,nTom merasa penambang itu seperti memanggil namanya… \"To…mm...\" \"huh…?!\" Tomntidak mengkhayal, jelas-jelas penambang itu memanggil namanya…. Tomnmungkin tidak terlalu jelas mendengar suara penambang itu. Tetapi,ndia sepertinya tahu… Penambangnitu lalu menoleh kebelakang, dia melihat Ben yang masih sibuknberbicara dengan pekerja lain di telpon. Penambang itu kemudiannmendekatinya… Tom Cuma bisa terdiam. Ben lalu menoleh kebelakangnsambil agak kesilauan melihat lampu di topi penambang itu yangnmenyala masih terang… \"kaunmau apa?\" Tanya Ben Penambangnitu lalu mulai mengayunkan pickaxe-nya, Ben berusaha mencegahnya.nTapi malah tangan kiri dia yang mengenai Pickaxe tersebut… \"CPRATTT!!!\" \"ARGHHHH!!!!!!!!!!\"nTeriak Ben Tomnlalu berusaha keluar lagi dari ruang generator itu, dia juga inginnmenyelamatkan Ben yang sekarang berhadapan dengan penambang itu.nTapi… usaha dia sia-sia… Bennlalu melepaskan tangannya dari pickaxe penambang itu, memukulnpenambang itu dengan tangan kanannya. Tetapi penambang itu keburunmenghindar. Ben lalu mengeluarkan pisau dari sakunya, namun dia hanyandapat melukai lengan kiri penambang itu. Akhirnya, pickaxe itunberhasil didapatkan oleh Ben. Ben kemudian kembali memukul penambangnitu. Dia lalu menjatuhkan penambang itu ke bawah. Dia lalu mulainmenebas penambang itu, tetapi dia keburu menghindar. Dia lalu terusnmelakukannya, sampai penambang itu menahan pickaxenya dengannkakiknya. Dan… \"TBRETTT!!!\" Pickaxenitu terayun ke kepala Ben sendiri, dia lalu terjatuh. Penambang itunlalu langsung mencabut pickaxe yang menancap di kepalanya denganndarah yang bercipratan. Mengambilnya. Tom Cuma bisa terbekunmelihatnya dari ruang generator, penambang itu lalu menatap Tom darinjauh… \"grrr…grrr….\" Penambangnitu kemudian membacok dada Ben, beberapa kali… \"CPLAK!!!nCPLAK!!! CPLAK!!! CPLAK!!! CPLAK!!!\" Tomnlalu berusaha keluar lagi dari ruang generator itu, sudah jelasnPenambang itu setelah menebas jantung Ben dia akan mengincar Tom… \"tbang!!!\"nsuara pagar yang berbunyi dari ruang generator, Tom yang berusahanmelarikan diri Penambangnitu terus membacok Ben, tepat di jantungnya… \"CPLAK!!!nCPLAK!!! CPLAK!!! CPLAK!!! CPLAK!!!\" Tomntetap berusaha keras untuk keluar, demi hidupnya. Tetapi ketika dianmelihat lagi. Penambang itu sudah keburu melarikan diri. Dia sudahntiada disitu. Pekerja yang lain kemudian muncul, betapa terkejutnyanmereka melihat Ben yang sudah tewas di tanah… dengan luka bacokntepat di jantungnya… \"holynshit…\" histeris suatu pekerja \"Hey!nHey!!!\" panggil Tom Semuanyanlalu menoleh, melihat Tom sudah terkunci di dalam ruang generatornitu. \"keluarkannaku!!!\" mohon Tom Semuanpekerja itu lalu menghampiri Tom… Mereka lalu membuka pagar yangnterkait itu. Ketika Tom keluar, seorang pekerja lalu langsungnmendorongnya ke pagar sambil memegang kerahnya \"krakk!!!\" \"apanyang kau lakukan brengsek?!\" Tanya pekerja itu \"apa yang kaunlakukan?!!\" Tomnlalu mendorong pekerja itu \"Akunngak melakukan apa-apa!!!\" bantah Tom Hening…nsemuanya terdiam… seluruh pekerja itu memandang Tom dengan tatapannaneh…Mencurigai bahwa Tom sendiri yang membunuh Ben… RUMAHnSAKIT HARMONY… Luminandan Yuki sekarang berada di rumah sakit… Mereka berdua sekarangnterlihat membagikan cokelat valentine kepada beberapa orang disitu… \"heynLumina, sumbangan valentine?\" goda seorang petugas receptionistncowok \"nah,nCuma partisipasi mengrayakan valentine beberapa hari lagi\" jawabnLumina \"valentinenuntuk semua\" tambah Yuki sambil menyerahkan satu kotak cokelat kenseorang suster Petugasnreceptionist cowok itu menerima cokelat dalam kotak hati bewarnanmerah itu yang diberikan Yuki. Yuki dan Lumina lalu menoleh ke sebuahnkamar dekat situ. Di dalamnya terlihat ada Tom bersama ayahnya. Dannseorang suster yang mengobati luka di lengan kiri Tom… \"ininsudah ketiga kalinya Tom…\" ucap ayahnya \"setiap pembunuhan itunada, kau pasti ada juga\" \"ItunHarry Warden\" jawab Tom \"Tom…?\"nheran Ayahnya \"dianmenyerangku, lalu dia mendorongku ke dalam ruang generator. Dan dianmengkunciku, dan aku melihat dia membunuh Ben\" \"kaunngak gila bukan?\" Tanya ayahnya \"anjing,naku ngak gila ayah!\" bantah Tom \"aku tahu itu\" ucap Tom \"diandisana, dan mencoba membunuhku!\" tegas Tom \"tuan,ntolong relax sendikit tuan\" ucap seorang suster yang mengobati lukanlengan kiri Tom. Dia lalu selesai \"ok, kau sudah selesai sekarang\" \"terimankasih\" ucap Tom sambil memegang lenganya yang terluka Susternitu lalu pergi, Tom lalu bangkit dari ranjangnya dan memakai bajunyankembali… \"kaunbenar melihat itu Tom…?\" Tanya ayahnya Tiba-tibanLumina dan Yuki muncul… \"kaunkenapa?\" Tanya Lumina Tomnlalu melihatnya… Ayahnya lalu menjawab \"diandiserang\" ucap Ayahnya Luminandan Yuki lalu jadi sedikit histeris \"olehnsiapa?\" Tanya Lumina \"ngak,nbukan siapa-siapa\" jawab Tom \"HarrynWarden…\" jawab Ayahnya sambil mau tertawa \"yang terjadi dintambang itu\" Ayahnyanlalu menjauh dari Tom dan Yuki, Lumina… \"Tom,nkau ngapai di pertambangan? Tanya Yuki \"nah,nCuma ingin memeriksa keadaan disana\" jawab Tom \"dan berpikir,nmungkin aku seharusnya tak menjual tambang itu\" Tiba-tibanRoxas muncul… \"bagaimananjika tidak?\" Tanya Roxas menatap tajam ke Tom \"Roxas,nmaafkan aku jika kau tak menyukai aku dekat dengan Yuki\" ucap Tom Roxasnlalu mengelap wajahnya… dia lalu memandang Tom melipat tangannya kentubuhnya *lupa gerakan apa namanya, dipacul lagi. Dikirimkannkuntilanak. Tapi, kamarku sudah ada 2 penunggu…~* \"HarrynWarden benar?\" Tanya Roxas sambil mengangguk-ngangguk \"dianmenyerangmu…\" \"yeah…\" \"faktansudah menunjukkan dia tewas dibunuh Ashley 6 tahun lalu bukan?\"nucap Roxas \"bagaimana orang bisa percaya dan tak melihat dia?\" \"akunngak tahu pak polisi\" ucap Tom \"tapi aku disana… dan jelasnmelihatnya…\" jawab Tom \"juga di hotel kemarin…\" \"kauntahu Tom, kota ini menjadi ricuh kembali\" ucap Roxas \"sejaknkembalinya kau dan Ashley\" geram Roxas \"aku akan akhiri itunsekarang… demi kota ini\" Tom dan Roxas lalu salingnbertatap mata tajam… saling tak menyukai… \"kauningin mengatakannya atau biar aku saja om?\" Tanya Roxas Roxasnlalu melihat ayah Tom… \"apanyang kau bicarakan?\" Tanya Ayahnya tak mengerti \"okey,nbiar aku yang bilang\" ucap Roxas \"kau tahu, Ashley membunuhnHarry… mungkin dia dikubur hidup-hidup tambang itu. Tetapinkenyataanya Polisi senior Eli dan Jim yang menguburnya di suatuntempat. Kau dan Ashley lalu menghilang, membiarkan tanggung jawabnkalian berdua beralih ke orang lain\" perjelas Roxas \"tetapinayahmu dan 2 polisi senior itu berusaha melindungi kalian… haha\"nRoxas mau tertawa \"Kau juga terlibat kan om dalam proses penguburannitu?\" Tanya Roxas \"kau tahu tempatnya\" Semuanyanlalu memandang ayah Tom… \"jadi…sekarang…?\"nTanya ayahnya \"Lumina,nYuki. Kalian sebaiknya ikut\" ucap Roxas \"apa kalian sibuk?\" \"tidak,naku ada waktu luang kok\" geleng Lumina \"mungkin…naku sebaiknya ikut melihatnya\" ucap Yuki \"tetapi tunggu sebentar,naku dan Lumina masih ada urusan di rumah sakit ini\" \"kaliannsebaiknya mencoba mengkontak Hitomi, dia harus melihat ini juga\"nusul Roxas \"baiklah\"nngangguk Lumina \"well,naku menunggu di luar rumah sakit\" ucap ayah Tom \"hampiri aku jikankalian sudah siap\" AyahnTom, Lumina dan Yuki lalu pergi dari kamar itu. Meninggalkan Roxasndan Tom sendirian… \"akunharus ke wc juga\" ucap Tom sambil memakai jaketnya Tomnlalu pergi ke WC umum… meninggalkan Roxas sendirian di kamar… Tomnsekarang berada di depan WC Umum rumah sakit, namun… ada sesuatunyang membuat langkah dia berat ke wc itu… \"…\" Dianmerasakan hawa seseorang… entahlah, hawa itu samar-samar… Terasanseperti Hawa Harry Warden. Tetapi Tom mungkin masih gugup dannketakutan… sehingga membuat dia sedikit Paranoid. Tom lalunmemberanikan diri ke dalam WC itu… \"…\" Dianlalu melihat seseorang sedang menatap dirinya di cermin wc memakainjaket jumper merah… namun orang itu tak asing lagi bagi Tom. Ketikanorang itu menoleh, dia terkejut \"hah?!\" \"Krek\" ItunAshley, dia menjatuhkan sebuah kotak berisi tablet obat-obatan…Dianhabis meminum obat itu… \"Tom…?\"nheran Ashley \"ada apa…?\" Tomnhanya memandang tablet obat-obat yang berjatuhan di lantai. Ashleyndan Tom lalu memunguti tablet obat-obatan milik Ashley tersebut. \"obatnapa ini?\" Tanya Tom sambil memunguti tablet yang berjatuhan itu \"…\" Ashleyndiam saja Tomnlalu meraih tempat obat itu, itu tertulis obat penenang… \"Kaunsakit kah?\" Tanya Tom \"Tom…bisanbicarakan ini nanti saja?\" Tanya Ashley sambil memunguti beberapanobat itu dan memandang Tom \"kenapannanti?\" Tanya Tom lagi Ashleynlalu terdiam, dia hanya menghembuskan nafas lemes… \"akunpusing… stress akibat kejadian yang menimpa kita\" jawab Ashleyn\"pikiranku jadi kemana-mana…\" \"akunmengerti\" jawab Tom sambil memunguti tablet yang berjatuhan itu.nDia sambil tersenyum Tomndan Ashley lalu bangkit, seluruh tablet itu sudah tersimpan kembalindalam tempat obat Ashley… Roxasnlalu muncul… \"ah…waktunyang tepat Ashley\" ucap Roxas \"Roxas?\" \"kaunsebaiknya ikut kami juga\" ujar Roxas Ashleynlalu menatap Tom dan Roxas… tak mengerti… HUTANnKOTA HARMONY… Roxasnmemanggil Polisi Roy dan Karin. Untuk berjaga-jaga. Sekarang, SeniornJim, Ayah Tom, Roxas, Roy, Karin, Tom, Ashley, Hitomi, Lumina dannYuki sekarang berjalan menelusuri hutan. Pergi ke tempat dimana mayatnHarry Warden dikubur… \"Roxas?nKau pikir melihat mayat Harry akan memecahkan kasus pembunuhan ini?\"nTanya Karin \"tidak\"njawab Roxas \"ini evidensi supaya meyakinkan ke semua orang bahwanHarry itu sudah\" Semuanyanterdiam… tak berkata apa-apa selama mereka menelusuri hutan… \"inintempatnya\" ucap polisi Roy Dinsekeliling tempat mayat itu, ada pagar kawat pembatas… PolisinSenior Eli dan ayah Tom lalu memperhatikan tempat itu. Ada tempatnbekas gali… itu tempat dimana Harry Warden dikubur… \"ataunmungkin… salah\" ucap Roy Terlihat…nmayat Harry sudah tiada… bersih… jika ada pun, harusnya bangkainmayat tersebut masih ada… \"apa-apaannini?\" Tanya Roxas \"sepertinyanini binatang\" ucap Polisi senior Jim \"mereka sepertinyanmenghabisi bangkai-bangkai Harry\" \"okey,nsewaktu dia hidup dia masih menunjukkan tanda-tanda kehidupan atauntidak?\" Tanya Roxas \"diandikubur disini\" tegas ayah Tom \"tepat disini. Tak ada tanda-tandandi hidup waktu itu\" Semuanyanlalu terdiam lagi, Roxas lalu menatap Ashley… semuanya lalu ikutnmenatapnya \"akunmembunuhnya…\" ucap Ashley \"6 tahun lalu… aku berusahanmenyelamatkan Tom… menembak Harry 6 kali di tambang itu… tetapi…ndia masih berdiri, karena itu aku lalu mengambil sebuah pickaxenlainnya dan membacoknya tepat di punggungnya… lalu melepaskannya…\"nucap Ashley \"kalaunbegitu tidak mungkin kan dia masih bisa hidup?!\" Tanya Polisinsenior Jim \"yeah,ndan kita TEPAT menguburnya disini\" tegas ayah Tom \"kalaunbegitu kau yakin dia sudah tewas?\" Tanya Roxas ke ayah Tom dannPolisi Senior Jim AyahnTom terdiam sebentar… \"taknada cara dia bisa hidup lagi…\" Ashleynlalu berkata… \"tembakann6 kali… dan bacokan yang ku berikan…\" ucap Ashley dengan nadanpelan \"entahlah, mungkin dia masih bisa bertahan hidup…\" \"sial!!!\"ngeram Roxas Sepertinya…HarrynWarden masih hidup… dia baru kembali sekarang… Roxas lalunmendekati polisi Jim… \"Akunmohon ke kalian berdua tuk memeriksa lagi tempat ini bapak-bapak\"ntegas Roxas \"dan Karin, kamu tolong temani Lumina, Hitomi dan Yukinkembali pulang\" \"baiknRoxas\" ngangguk Karin \"dannkau\" Roxas menunjuk Tom \"kembali ke kantor Polisi, ada hal yangnmusti kita bicarakan\" tegas Roxas, dia lalu melihat Ashley jugan\"kau juga ikut Ashley. Kalian berdua suspect sekarang\" Hening… Semuanyanlalu bubar… \"ayonibu-ibu, kita bubar\" ajak Karin ke Lumina, Yuki dan Hitomi Tomnlalu mendekati Ashley, dia merangkulnya. Mereka lalu berjalannbersama… Harrynsepertinya masih hidup… [BERSAMBUNG][Chapter 4] [CHAPTERn04] Tom,nRoxas Dan Ashley sekarang berada di kantor polisi. Mereka bertiganberada di ruang pemeriksaan… \"akuntidak membunuh Ben di pertambangan Roxas\" ucap Tom yang sekarangnduduk di meja Roxasnsekarang sedang mondar mandir, Ashley hanya mendengarkan merekansambil lemes \"kaunpikir aku melakukannya?\" Tanya Tom \"tapi aku tidak\" \"santai…kawan\"nucap Roxas \"Ashley\" \"yeah…?\" \"tadinmalam waktu kau terbangun, kau bersama Tom kan?\" Tanya Roxasn\"kemana kau waktu itu Tom?\" \"akunke kamar mandi waktu itu\" tegas Tom \"Kau pikir aku juga yangnmembunuh penjaga malam itu?\" Roxasnlalu melihat Ashley \"well,naku gimana gitu. Sepertinya aku bermimpi. Aku turun ke lantai bawah.nAku melihat sebuah bekas darah diseret keluar rumah…\" \"mimpi?\"nTanya Roxas \"mimpi apa?\" \"akunngak tahu, tapi aku merasa itu benar-benar seperti kenyataan\" jawabnAshley \"aku mengikuti kemana darah itu pergi. Darah itu menuju kenmobil pickup Tom\" Roxasnlalu menatap Tom lagi \"dengarkan…naku lalu melihat sebuah plastic yang menutupi bagasi belakang mobilnTom. Penuh darah. Aku membukanya…\" \"lalunapa yang kau lihat?\" Tanya Roxas \"itunTom…dan Hitomi… mereka sudah tewas\" ucap Ashley \"tetapi, akunsadar… sepertinya aku bermimpi atau mengigau…\" \"lalunkau dikejar oleh penambang itu\" tambah Roxas Roxasnsepertinya makin mencurigai Tom… kemana Tom waktu Ashley terbangunndari tidurnya tadi malam? Apa benar dia ke kamar mandi? \"jadi\"nRoxas sambil menghembuskan nafas lesu \"kenapa kau kembali ke kota?\" \"kaunsudah tahu mengapa\" \"tidak\"ngeleng Roxas \"yang kutahu kau ingin menjual tambang itu\" \"akuntidak jadi menjual tambang itu\" \"Dannkau Ash, kenapa kau kembali?\" Tanya Roxas melihat Ashley \"mengenangnmasa lalu… dan menyelesaikan apa yang kumulai\" ucap Ashley \"itunsaja\" \"akunjuga memutuskan tuk tinggal\" tegas Tom Roxasnlalu mulai menatap tajam Tom lagi… Ashley sudah merasa suasanansemakin panas… \"kauntahu dia selalu menyelesaikannya untukmu\" Tom berusaha mengantintopic… dengan maksud sedikit mencela \"oh..!\"nRoxas mau tertawa \"tuhanku… kau bilang apa kepadaku?\" TanyanRoxas mulai geram \"Yuki…ndia…\" Tiba-tibanRoxas langsung memukul Tom… \"buakkk!!!!\" Dianlalu mendorong meja dan langsung membabi buta Tom… \"PERSETANnKAU!!!\" Teriak Roxas sambil hendak memukul Tom \"HerenWe Go Again…\" gerutu Ashley yang diam saja Terjadinsedikit keributan disitu, Roxas menghantam Tom… tiba-tiba polisinRoy muncul, berusaha melerai mereka \"KAUnPEMBUNUHNYA!!!\" Teriak Roxas \"KAU YANG MEMBUNUH DI PERTAMBANGANnITU!\" \"PaknRoxas, tenang!!!\" Polisi Roy menahan Roxas \"saksi mata bilang,nTom terjebak di kurungan generator pas mereka disana\" perjelas paknRoy \"seseorang pasti sudah berada di bawah sana\" \"huh…\"nRoxas menghembuskan nafas lemas \"bagus…\" Roxasnlalu pergi… \"BANGSAT!!!\"nteriak Roxas lagi Tomnsekarang sedang keluar kantor polisi… bersama Ashley dan Ayah Tom \"hm…nmungkin Roxas memukulmu demi kebaikanmu Tom\" ucap Ayahnya \"dianberpikir aku membunuhnya tetapi tidak\" tegas Tom \"seseorang pastindibawah sana\" \"Harry\"nAyahnya mau tertawa \"menurutmu bagaimana Ash?\" \"ngakntahu\" jawab Ashley \"Tom, Om… saya duluan\" ucap Ashley \"baiklah,nsampai jumpa\" sapa ayah Tom \"hati-hati\"nucap Tom Ashleynlalu pergi, berjalan ke mobilnya dimana dia parkir…. \"kasihanndia\" ucap ayah Tom melihat Ashley \"dia anak baik-baik. Berusahanmenyelamatkanmu 6 tahun lalu\" \"well\"ngerutu Tom \"mungkin sebaiknya aku mengikuti cara dia juga, mencarinsiapa pembunuhnya\" Tomnsambil berjalan ke mobilnya diikuti ayahnya \"Tom,ntapi jika Harry. Bagaimana dia melakukannya?\" Tanya ayahnya \"ngakntahu, mungkin dia ingin menyelesaikan apa yang dia perbuat 6 tahunnlalu\" tegas Tom \"jikanaku menjadi kamu aku lari saja dari kota ini Tom\" ucap ayahnya \"tidak,naku ngak lari lagi kali ini\" tegas Tom \"aku lelah, aku maunistirahat\" Tomnlalu berjalan ke dalam mobilnya, menyalakannya. Dan perginmeninggalkan ayahnya. Ayahnya hanya melihat Tom pergi… MALAMnHARI… Kantorngedung berlantai 7 dimana Danielle bekerja… Dinlantai 5. Danielle sekarang lembur… dia kerja sendirian malam ini…ndia tampak stress sekali… \"fyuh…\" Cahayanlampu yang menyala hanya di tempatnya pula… \"huh…\"ngerutu Danielle \"mana Lumina lagi…?\" Tiba-tibanseseorang muncul… itu Lumina… \"Danielle…\"nkeluh Lumina, dia sambil membawa suatu kresek berisi makanan… Dinatap gedung… \"kaunkemana saja?\" Tanya Danielle geram \"well…aku…\"nkeluh Lumina \"kaunpergi bersama mereka bukan!?\" Tanya Danielle \"Lumina… aku sudahnbilang berapa kali. Jangan pernah terlibat dengan hal semacam itu!\" \"BAGAIMANAnAKU TAK TERLIBAT DANIELLE?!\" bentak Lumina \"6 tahun lalu… akunbersama mereka… jelas sudah aku tuh pasti terlibat!\" tegas Luminan\"pembunuhan 6 tahun lalu!\" Daniellenterdiam… \"kau…nmemilihku atau mereka?\" Tanya Danielle Luminanlalu terdiam juga… dia lalu berpikir… \"mungkin…nmungkin pernikahan ini salah Danielle\" ucap Lumina Daniellenterkejut… mengerti apa maksud Lumina… \"sepertinya…nsalah melakukan ini\" ucap Lumina \"Lumina,napa yang kau bicarakan?!\" Tanya Danielle memegang lengan Lumina \"lepaskannDanielle\" ucap Lumina melepaskan diri dari Danielle \"aku ngakntahu, tapi… besok hari. Aku meminta cerai\" tegas Lumina \"TidaknLumina\" tegas Danielle \"aku tidak akan menceraikanmu\" \"Danielle!nMengerti!\" tegas Lumina \"hubungan kita sudah kandas, kau maunbegini terus?!\" \"baiklah Lumina… aku akan berusaha…nberusaha berubah\" ucap Danielle meyakinkan Lumina \"terlambat\"nucap Lumina \"aku sudah bulat Danielle\" tegas Lumina Luminanlalu pergi dari situ… meninggalkan Danielle… dia bergegas kenlantai bawah… Danielle sepertinya semakin stress… dia mengelapnwajahnya dengan tangannya \"BRENGSEK!!!!\" Tiadansiapa-siapa disitu… tetapi Danielle merasakan sesuatu… \"grrr…grrr…\" KetikanDanielle menoleh, penambang itu muncul dari pintu masuk ke lantainbawah… dia sambil memegang pickaxe tersebut… \"sial…\" Daniellenlalu melangkah mundur… Penambang itu mendekatinya perlahan-lahan… \"kaunmau apa?!\" teriak Danielle \"grr…grrr…\" Penambangnitu lalu semakin mendekati Danielle, Danielle udah di ujung sisingedung… terlihat curamnya dan tingginya lantai 7 ke lantai bawah… \"huh…!\" Daniellenlalu menoleh lagi… Penambang itu sudah berada di depannya… \"tpak…\" Tetapindia menjatuhkan pickaxe tersebut ke lantai. Sekarang dia tidaknbersenjatakan apa-apa… Namun jelas, penambang itu masih akannmelakukan sesuatu ke Danielle… Dinlantai bawah gedung… Lumina sudah berada di bawah… tiba-tibanmuncul Hitomi… \"Lumina\"npanggil Hitomi \"ohnhai Hitomi\" sapa Lumina \"kau…dimarahinlagi kah?\" Tanya Hitomi \"yeah\" ucap Lumina \"biasa…tapinaku sudah minta cerai. Keputusanku bulat sudah\" \"well,nitu pilihanmu. Aku hargai kok\" tersenyum Hitomi \"GEDEBUAK!!!!\" Suaranbenturan terjatuh terdengar keras dan menyakitkan sekali dekatnmereka… ketika mereka berdua sadar… itu adalah seseorang… \"*gasp*\"nHitomi terkejut dan histeris \"astaga…\"nkeluh Lumina sampai terjatuh ItunDanielle… dia terjatuh dari lantai 7… darah pun keluaran darintubuhnya… \"ohntuhan…!!! Astaga…!!!\" Lumina jadi ketakutan sekali Daniellenterlihat sambil memegang sesuatu… itu sebuah kotak cokelatnberbentuk hati merah yang seperti Roxas dapatkan kemarin juga dinkantor polisi… Tetapi… Danielle tak menunjukkan luka lain sepertinditusuk ataupun dibacok… Hitominlalu meraih kotak cokelat berbentuk hati merah itu… \"ini…\" Hitominlalu membuka isi kotak cokelat itu, dan ternyata itu hanya berisincokelat lezat biasa… dengan surat tanpa diketahui siapanpengirimnya… \"Happy Valentine's Day\" Hitomi membacansurat itu Hitominlalu menatap Lumina… Lumina sudah sangat ketakutan sekali terkejutndan melihat Danielle yang muncul dan langsung tewas begitu saja… KAMISn11 FEB 2010 pagi hari Polisinkembali berdatangan bersama petugas lainnya… mengamankan Lumina dannHitomi… Roxas dan polisi Karin berada disana… \"…\" Luminandiam saja… PolisinKarin lalu menghampiri mereka… \"ibu,nanda sudah siap berbicara?\" Tanya polisi Karin \"entahlah\"njawab Lumina \"tidaknapa-apa jika ibu belum siap. Tapi kami butuh pernyataan dari ibunsecepat mungkin\" ucap Polisi Karin Roxasnlalu muncul… \"kalianntidak apa-apa?\" Tanya Roxas \"tidak…\"njawab Hitomi \"kami tidak apa-apa Roxas\" \"apankalian…\" Roxas sambil memperagakan sesuatu \"kalian tahu kan?\" \"tidak,nkami tidak dikejar penambang itu\" geleng Hitomi menjawab pertanyaannRoxas \"yang kutahu, Lumina baru keluar dari gedung itu. Dan akunmenghampirinya. Dan…\" Merekanlalu terdiam… Roxas dan Karin lalu menjauhi Lumina dan Hitomi… \"menurutmunapakah ini perbuatan penambang itu lagi?\" Tanya Roxas \"akuntidak tahu pak, tetapi jika penambang itu. Kenapa dia tak memberinluka apapun?\" Tanya Karin \"biasanya kan dia pasti melakukannsesuatu terlebih dahulu ke korbannya\" Luminanlalu muncul menghampiri Roxas dan Karin… \"mungkin…mungkinndia bunuh diri\" ucap Lumina \"setelah aku meminta cerai semalam\" \"kaunminta cerai?\" kaget Roxas \"yeah\"nngangguk Lumina \"aku sudah tak tahan bersamanya\" \"itunaneh… kalian baru berapa minggu menikah…\" keluh Karin Roxasnlalu menatap Karin… \"oh!nMaafkan aku atas kelancanganku nyonya silverman\" keluh Karin \"tidaknapa-apa Karin\" tersenyum Lumina \"Lumina,ntapi jika dia bunuh diri…\" ucap Roxas sambil mengambil sesuatun\"kenapa dia sambil membawa ini?\" Roxasnmenunjukkan kotak cokelat berbentuk hati yang bersama Danielle ketikandia jatuh tadi malam… \"aku…akunngak tahu!\" geleng Lumina \"jikanbegitu, menurutku ini masih perbuatan penambang tersebut\" ucapnRoxas \"ini… pembunuhan\" Daniellenmemang dibunuh… tetapi… siapa sih sebenarnya penambang yangnmembunuh Danielle itu? Yang juga membunuh korban sebelumnya? Atau…nPembunuh itu tidak sendirian…? Tamannkota… Ashleynsekarang berada di tempat itu. Dia sekarang sedang duduk di suatunmeja makan. Dia sedang melakukan sesuatu di laptopnya… sepertinyansedang mengetik. Dia sambil mendengarkan lagu juga dari headsetnya… \"fyuh…\" Ashleynsambil menghembuskan nafas rokok… benar. Dia sambil merokok… \"sret\" Tiba-tibanseseorang muncul… meraih rokok yang dipegang Ashley… \"huh?\"nAshley menoleh \"akunsudah katakan tuk berhenti\" tegas orang itu sambil membuang rokoknAshley ItunTom… \"Tom\"nkaget Ashley Tomnlalu duduk di depan Ashley… \"apanyang kau kerjakan?\" Tanya Tom penasaran Tomnlalu melihat ke laptop itu, itu adalah sebuah kisah… kisah yangndiangkat dari pengalaman Ashley, Tom dan yang lain… \"akuntiada kerjaan\" ucap Ashley \"tetapi… setidaknya, aku mustinselesaikan ini\" \"benar-benarnmirip\" Tom mau tertawa Kisahnitu dari sejak mereka 6 tahun lalu, sampai sekarang… di terror olehnpembunuh tersebut… \"tetapinbagaimana akhirnya jika kita semua masih diterror?\" TanyanTom \"entahlah\" geleng Ashley \"jika begitu… mungkinnkisah ini akan lebih panjang lagi\" jawab Ashley \"atau gantungnjika aku sampai ikut tewas\" Tomnterdiam mendengar Ashley… \"kitansemua musti menyelesaikan ini\" ucap Ashley \"selesaikan apa yangnkita mulai. Sekarang, aku tak akan lari lagi\" \"akunjuga\" ucap Tom sambil tersenyum Malamnhari… Tomnsekarang berada di tambang miliknya. Di depan pintu masuk menuju kendalam tambang tersebut… \"krak…\"nsuara pintu masuk ke dalam tambang yang dibuka Tom \"huf…\" Tomnsambil membawa senter… dia hendak memasuki ke dalam tambangntersebut… tetapi… \"…\" Tomntampak ragu dan gugup sekali. Tubuhnya bergetaran… Dia lalu menutupnkembali pintu masuk ke tambang itu. Dia lalu berjalan menjauhintambang itu. Tetapi…dia merasa ada yang mengikutinya… \"ehm…\" Dianlalu melihat seseorang, sepertinya orang itu adalah penambang itu.nSoalnya dia terlihat memakai topi penambang yang diatasnya adansenter. Dia terlihat dari kejauhan atas gunung hutan. Tepat di dekatntambang Tom berada sekarang. Penambang itu lalu pergi ke dalam hutan.nTom lalu mengikutinya… Sesampaindi hutan, Tom kehilangan jejak penambang tersebut. Tetapi dia melihatnsebuah rumah tua kosong. Yeah, dia tahu. Itu adalah rumah tua bekasnayah Roxas… \"…\" Tomnkemudian memasuki rumah itu melalui pintu belakang rumah. Dikarenakannpintu depan terkunci rapat. \"krek…\"nsuara pintu belakang rumah yang dibuka Tom perlahan-lahan Tomnlalu memasuki rumah, dia lalu melihat sesuatu tergeletak di mejanmakan dapur… Dinsebuah restoran tempat Hitomi bekerja… Hitominbekerja sampai jam 10 malam, tetapi karena hari ini dia piket. Dianmusti membersihkan sisa-sisa yang lain dulu bersama teman kerja-nya…nKaya Hitomindan temannya sekarang berada di dapur restoran yang besar dan lengkapn… mereka sekarang sedang mengepel lantai \"Hitomi-chan,nkau masih saja bekerja ya\" ucap Kaya \"padahal kau sudah berapankali melihat mayat tewas tergeletak di depanmu\" \"well,nwalaupun keadaan apapun. Aku berusaha untuk tetap beraktivitas\"nucap Hitomi \"kaunwanita yang kuat huh?\" kagum Kaya Hitomintersenyum… tiba-tiba terdengar seseorang masuk ke dalam restoranndari luar dapur… \"itunpasti Erick\" ucap Kaya \"biasa, dia selalu ceroboh\" \"well,nhampiri dia coba\" mohon Hitomi Kayanlalu ke depan, menghampiri Erick… Hitomi sekarang sendirian dindapur. Kembali mengepel lantai. Tiba-tiba dia mendengar… \"KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Itunteriakan Kaya… \"astaga!\"nkaget Hitomi Hitominkemudian langsung menghampiri ke depan, terlihat Penambang itu barunsaja membunuh Kaya dengan cara membacok kepalanya. Dia lalunmelepaskan pickaxe itu dari kepala Kaya. Darah pun bermuncratan dannKaya langsung tergeletak di suatu kursi meja… \"KYAAAA!!!\"nTeriak Hitomi histeris ketakutan Penambangnitu lalu melihat Hitomi, dia kemudian mengejarnya dengan pickaxe yangnberlumuran darah. Hitomi lalu berlari kembali ke dapur. \"grr…grrr…\" Penambangnitu lalu mengikuti Hitomi ke dapur, tiba-tiba Hitomi langsungnmembanting pintu dapur yang terbuat dari besi itu dan mengenainpenambang itu \"TPANGGG!!!!!!!!!!!\" \"Urggh!!!\"ngeram Hitomi habis membanting pintu dapur kuat sekali Penambangnitu sedikit lengah, Hitomi lalu berlari lagi. Penambang itu lalunmengejarnya lagi. Hitomi lalu meraih dan melempar suatu botol kecap…ntetapi penambang itu berhasil menghindar. \"TPRANG!!!\"nSuara botol kecap pecah \"grrr…grrr…\" Hitominlalu melempar suatu panci… \"TPANG!!!\" Pancinitu menancap di pickaxe penambang tersebut. Penambang itu melepaskannpanci itu dari pickaxe-nya. Hitomi lalu kembali berlari. Dia lalunberusaha keluar lewat pintu belakang… \"krek-krek-krek!\"nusaha Hitomi membuka pintu itu Tetapinpintu tersebut dikunci dari luar… \"siall!!!\" Hitominlalu mengambil sebuah pisau… Penambangnitu lalu kembali mengejar Hitomi, tetapi dia kehilangan jejak Hitomi.nHitomi sudah tiada dimana-mana… persembunyiannHitomi… Hitominbersembunyi di suatu tempat sempit. Dia sambil menutup mulutnya. Adanlubang kecil yang bisa melihat keluar tempat persembunyian Hitomintersebut. \"huff…!!!\"nHitomi tampak panic sekali, dia ketakutan… Penambangnitu terlihat melewati dia di luar… tak menyadari keberadaan Hitomindisitu… Hitomi bersembunyi di suatu kulkas pendingin besar yangnbisa menampung seseorang disitu… \"huf…!\"nHitomi berusaha menahan nafasnya sambil memegang pisau itu… Penambangnitu lalu kesana kemari… Tiba-tiba Hitomi menjatuhkan sesuatu… \"sret…nkring…!\" KakinHitomi tak sengaja menjatuhkan sebuah gelas… Membuat Penambang itunterpancing ke persembunyian Hitomi… \"ungg!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu melihat Hitomi dari luar lubang kecil itu. Dia lalunmenunjukkan pickaxe itu ke Hitomi… \"brengsek…!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu mulai mengayunkan pickaxe itu, tetapi… \"TDORRR!!!\" Suatunpeluru melayang. Walaupun tak mengenai penambang itu. \"jangannbergerak!!!\" tegas seseorang ItunPolisi Karin, dia muncul dari pintu belakang dapur… Karin lalunmeluncurkan peluru lagi dari pistol yang dia pegang… \"TBANG!nBANG BANG!!!\" Tetapinpenambang itu keburu melarikan diri melewati pintu masuk ke dapurntadi. Tiada satupun peluru yang berhasil mengenai penambang tersebut.nPenambang itu belum sempat membunuh Hitomi di dalam kulkas. Karinnlalu langsung menghampirinya. Lalu membukanya… Hitominkeluar dengan panic sekali sambil menodongkan Karin pisau… \"KYAAA!!!\"nteriak Hitomi \"Mba!nMba!!! Tenang mba!!!\" mohon Karin \"saya polisi!!!\" \"astaga…\"nHitomi sambil menghembuskan nafas lega ketakutan, mengira hidupnyansudah akan berakhir sebentar lagi \"dimana dia?!\" \"dianlari\" ucap Karin \"ayo kita ikuti!\" Hitomindan Karin lalu berjalan ke depan. Tetapi penambang itu sudah tiada.nYang ada tinggalah mayat Kaya yang dibunuh oleh penambang ituntergeletak di kursi meja… \"ohntuhan…\" Karinndan Hitomi lalu mendekati mayat Kaya tersebut \"Kaya…astaga…\"nHitomi histeris sambil menutup mulutnya, dia juga mau menangis... Satunnyawa melayang lagi malam ini… malam sebelum Valentine tiba… Tengahnmalam… Ashleynsekarang berada di kota, sendirian saja… sepi dan hening… Dianbaru saja dari suatu tempat… \"…\" TubuhnAshley bergetaran, tetapi dia tetap berjalan sambil memasukanntangannya ke saku jaket miliknya tersebut. \"…aku…\" Diam-diamnAshley sudah bersenjatakan pistol… Ashley merasakan dia sepertindiikuti. Dia lalu menoleh kebelakang. Dia lalu melihat seseorangndekat lampu jalanan dari kejauhan… \"astaga…\" Itunadalah penambang tersebut. Sambil membawa pickaxe yang berlumuranndarah… Ashley lalu mengeluarkan pistolnya \"kaunpikir aku sudah tak bisa membunuhmu Harry…!?\" tanya Ashley \"akunmasih bisa…! Tepat seperti 6 tahun lalu…!\" geram Ashley Penambangnitu lalu mendekati Ashley, Ashley lalu melepaskan peluru… \"TBANG!!!\" Tetapinlepas, Ashley lalu kembali menembakan pistol… \"TBANGnBANG BANG BANG BANG!!!!\" Seluruhnpeluru yang dia tembakan tiada yang mengenai Penambang tersebut… \"brengsek!!!\" Ashleynmembuang pistolnya, dia lalu berlari… Penambang itu mengejarnyandengan cepat sekali. \"sial!!!\" Dindepan mata, Ashley sudah menemukan mobilnya. Dia lalu langsung masuknke dalam mobil. Penambang tersebut lalu melemparkan pickaxe itu kenarahnya… \"whuss…!!!\" Tetapi… \"tbrakkk!!!\"nsuara kaca pecah akibat pickaxe yang dilemparkan penambang tersebut KetikanAshley membuka matanya, pickaxe itu tepat di depan matanya. Sedikitnlagi hampir mengenai matanya… \"Arghh!!!\"nkaget Ashley sambil memundurkan dirinya dari pickaxe yang menancap dinkaca mobilnya tersebut \"brengsek…!\" Ashleynlalu menyalakan mobil, membiarkan pickaxe yang dilempar penambangntersebut menancap di kaca depan mobilnya dan meninggalkan penambangntersebut… Keesokannharinya… JUMATn12 FEB 2012 pagi hari Dinkantor polisi, sudah ada Roxas, Roy, Hitomi dan Karin. Roxas dan Royntampak sibuk sekali… mereka juga mencari-cari keberadaan Ayah Tom.nKarena Ayah Tom juga menghilang… Tiba-tibanmuncul Yuki… dia sambil membawakan makanan untuk Roxas… Dia lalunmelihat sebuah foto dan kertas-kertas di dinding. Foto mayat wanitankemarin, foto supir truk kemarin, foto jantung yang di dapatkan Roxasnkemarin, dan foto Tom… Roxasnlalu menghampiri Yuki… \"Yuki…\"npanggil Roxas yang wajahnya terlihat lelah sekali \"Akunbawakan kau makanan\" ucap Yuki sambil menyerahkan sebuah kantongnmakanan Yukinlalu melihat Hitomi yang tampak pucat. Dia bersama Karin yangnmenemaninya… \"aku… aku sedih tentang Hitomi…\" ucapnYuki \"Yuki,nkau lihat Tom?\" Tanya Roxas \"tidak\"ngeleng Yuki \"lusa kemarin saja setelah dia menghampiri pergi kensupermarket\" \"Kitankehilangan jejaknya, dan ayahnya menghilang\" ucap Roxas \"ininbukan permainan Yuki. Penduduk tewas dan Tom sudah jelas diantersangka utama pembunuhan ini\" tegas Roxas \"Akunbenar tidak melihat…\" Sebelum Yuki selesai berbicara,nRoxas langsung menghentakan tangannya ke suatu meja \"BANGSAT!!!!\"nteriak Roxas \"BRUK!!!\" \"ohntuhan!!!\" kaget Yuki Semuanyanlalu memperhatikan mereka… Roxas lalu memegang kepalanya. Dianterlihat stress berat… \"maafkannaku Yuki…\" ucap Roxas \"maafkan aku\" Yukindiam saja… Tiba-tiba Roy memanggil Roxas \"pak,npak Roxas\" \"ya\"njawab Roxas \"Kitanmenemukan Ayah Tom\" ucap Roy Merekanlalu saling bertatapan… \"Karin\"npanggil Roxas \"Hitomi\" \"yanpak?\" jawab Karin \"akunmau kau tolong jaga Hitomi\" ucap Roxas \"dan Hitomi. Maafkan aku,ntetapi sebaiknya kau tetap bersama Karin\" Roxas sambil melihatnHitomi \"tidaknapa-apa\" jawab Hitomi \"aku merasa di rumah pun tak aman\" Merekansepakat. Hitomi akan mengikuti Karin demi nyawa Hitomi. \"sampainjumpa\" ucap Roxas ke Yuki Roxasndan Roy lalu pergi… Dinsebuah hutan dekat kota Harmony… MayatnAyah Tom tergeletak di sebuah hutan dengan luka bacok di kepalanya.nJuga jantungnya. Jantungnya sudah menghilang. Mayat tersebut sudahnbusuk dan dikerumuni lalat-lalat. Jelas dia dibunuh oleh penambangnitu malam tadi juga… Dinsekitar tempat itu sudah dikasih pembatas garis polisi. Beberapanpolisi sudah mengamankan tempat itu… \"huh…\"nRoy menghembuskan nafas lemes sambil bertepuk pinggang \"apa yangnkau pikir?\" Tanya Roy ke Roxas yang disebelahnya \"hanyanorang yang sudah tak asing tahu tempat ini\" ucap Roxas Merekanberdua lalu memandang sekeliling hutan tersebut… \"akuntidak tahu, tetapi aku ada firasat buruk\" pikir Roxas \"hubunginLumina, kirim Karin bersama Hitomi tuk mengamankan rumahnya\" ucapnRoxas \"dan cari Tom Hanniger, dia sudah masuk daftar tersangkanutama\" Roxasnlalu kembali memeriksa mayat itu, Roy melihatnya… [Bersambung][Chapter 5] [CHAPTERn05] Malamnhari, di supermarket tempat Yuki bekerja… Yukinsekarang sedang membersihkan tempat itu sendirian bersama Rika.nMereka berdua disuruh Roxas untuk cepat pulang… \"Rika,nbisa kau tolong aku? Taruh rinso-rinso ini di tempatnya\" ucap Rika \"okey…\"njawab Rika sambil menaruh kain pel dia ke baskom yang penuh air pel.nDia habis mengepel lantai Rikanlalu melakukan yang disuruh Yuki… \"terimankasih\" Ucap Yuki sambil memperhatikan barang-barang terletak disitu \"Hey,nbagaimana Roxas waktu itu bersamamu?\" Tanya Rika \"waktunkapan?\" Tanya Yuki balik \"ketika…HarrynWarden hendak membunuh kalian semua\" ucap Rika \"itunwaktu valentine 6 tahun lalu\" jawab Yuki \"Roxas masihnmelindungiku, tugas dia sebagai kakakku\" \"tapi…diantidak seperti itu lagi Yuki…\" ucap Rika Tiba-tibanterdengar suara orang memasuki supermarket \"tzam!\" Yukindan Rika pun terkejut… kenyataanya supermarket sudah tutup… \"kaunsudah mengkunci pintu depan bukan?\" Tanya Yuki ke Rika \"ya\"njawab Rika sepatah Yukindan Rika lalu berjalan ke pintu supermarket depan, tidak adansiapa-siapa tapi… \"Halo,ntoko sudah tutup\" ucap Yuki dengan nada nyaring Tiba-tibanterdengar suara ribut lagi \"Gretak-gretak\" Yukinlalu menoleh… \"Halo?!\"nucap Yuki Sepertinyansudah jelas, ada orang yang diam-diam masuk ke dalam supermarket… Yukindan Rika lalu berjalan lagi ke sisi tempat lain… terlihat adanbanyak barang-barang khas valentine disitu dan poster-poster bentuknhati merah. Mereka lalu kembali… Terlihatnseseorang tampak memperhatikan mereka, tetapi Yuki dan Rika taknmenyadarinya. Mereka lalu kembali berjalan ke sisi tempat lain… \"Tzammm!!!\" \"*gasp*\"nserentak Yuki dan Rika, nafas mereka tampak berat sekali \"kauntunggu disini\" tegas Yuki sambil berjalan \"tunggu\"ngeleng Rika mengikutinya, sepertinya Rika sudah mulai takut. Dianmemegang tangan Yuki Seseorangnmelewati sisi tempat lain dalam kegelapan… \"akunkadang penakut\" ucap Rika Merekanlalu berjalan dimana terdapat berderet kulkas dingin disertai lampunputih. Itu tempat dimana makanan-makanan dingin dan makanan awet \"tiadansiapa-siapa disini Yuki\" jawab Rika \"JKLEK!!\" Seseorangnmematikan aliran listrik, cahaya yang menyala sekarang hanyalahncahaya dari kulkas dingin tersebut… \"astaga!\"nkaget Rika sambil menjatuhkan barang pecah belah \"tprangg!!!\" Rikanlalu terjatuh, Yuki lalu membantunya bangkit \"ayonRika, kita keluar saja dari tempat ini\" ajak Yuki Merekanberdua lalu berjalan ke sisi lain… dan tebak… \"grrr…grrrr\" Penambangnitu sudah di depan mereka dengan pickaxe-nya. Juga lampu senter darintopi penambang itu… \"KYAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nTeriak Rika \"OhnTuhan!!!\" kaget Yuki Merekanlalu berlari, penambang itu lalu mengejarnya. Yuki berlari ke sisinlain. Sedangkan Rika berlari ke kantor belakang… \"KYAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!\"nteriak Rika Penambangnitu mengejar Yuki, penambang itu lalu mengayunkan pickaxe-nya \"TPRANGG!!!\" Tapinlepas, pickaxe itu malah mengenai kulkas pendingin dekat situ.nPenambang itu lalu meraih Yuki, dia lalu membantingnya ke kulkasnpendingin itu \"TPRANGGG!!!!\" \"Huhnhuh!!!\" nafas Yuki terengah-engah Penambangnitu lalu mulai mengayunkan pickaxe itu. Tetapi Yuki keburu mengambilnsuatu daging alot besar dari kulkas tersebut dan memukulnya ke wajahnpenambang itu \"TPANGGG!!!!!\" Yukinlalu berlari secepat mungkin, dia akhirnya berlari ke kantornbelakang. Penambang itu lalu mengejarnya kembali… \"grr…grrrr…\" Ketikanhendak sampai ke pintu menuju ke kantor belakang, Yuki terjatuh.nTiba-tiba dari samping muncul kain pel melayang mengenai wajahnPenambang tersebut… \"TBUAKKK!!!!\" ItunRika, Rika lalu memukul-mukul kembali penambang itu dengan kain pel \"Tbuak!!!nBuak!!!!\" TetapinPenambang itu lalu memegang kain pel Rika, dan memotongnya menjadindua. Rika lalu kembali berlari bersama Yuki ke pintu masuk menujunKantor. Rika lalu menjatuhkan sebuah barang-barang, berniat tuknmenghalangi penambang tersebut… Merekanlalu berada di dalam corridor penuh barang-barang yang masih terdapatndalam kotak. Di ujung corridor ada pintu ke kantor. \"Rika!nAyo cepat!!!\" gemetaran Yuki Merekanlalu menoleh kebelakang, penambang itu masih mengejar mereka… \"anjing!!!\"ngeram Yuki \"KYAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nTeriak Rika sambil berlari Merekanlalu berhasil ke dalam kantor tersebut, Yuki lalu mengkunci pintu.nPenambang itu lalu berada diluar. Dia lalu berusaha membuka pintu itundengan cara mempaculnya \"KRAK!!!\" \"Astaga!!!\"nkaget Yuki Pickaxenitu hampir mengenai kepala Yuki yang sekarang berusaha mengkuncinpintu. \"ohntuhan…!!!\" Rika sambil bernafas terngah-engah \"Rika!nBantu aku!!!\" ujar Yuki sambil berusaha mendorong suatu lemarinkecil besi Rikanlalu mendekati Yuki, dan mereka kemudian menjatuhkan lemari kecilnbesi itu dekat pintu. Berusaha menahan pintu tersebut \"BUAKK!!!\" \"Krak!!!\" Karenanpintu kantor itu hanya terbuat dari kayu, penambang itunmempacul-pacul pintu kayu tersebut… Rikandan Yuki lalu mendorong suatu meja lagi, membantu menganjal pintuntersebut. \"krak!!!\" \"Rika!nCoba keluar lewat jendela belakang! Cepat!!!\" Dinruangan itu, ada jendela kecil. Tetapi terkunci rapat oleh sebuahngembok. \"AKUnNGAK BISA MEMBUKANNYA!!!\" Panik Rika \"carinkuncinya di laci meja sini!!!\" panic Yuki sambil berusaha menahannpintu itu dengan meja tersebut. Rikanlalu mencari kunci tersebut, Yuki kemudian meraih sebuah telepon. Dianmemanggil bantuan \"halo?!nSiapa saja?!! Tolong kirimkan bantuan!!! Harry Warden menyerangnsupermarket!!!!\" ucap Yuki panic di telepon Rikanlalu menemukan kunci tersebut. Tetapi ada banyak kunci yangndigantung. Dia lalu langsung berusaha membuka jendela tersebut.nSementara itu penambang tersebut terus mempacul pintu tersebut… \"KRAK!!!nKRAK!!!!\" \"KYAAAAAAAAAAA!!!nAKU NGAK BISA MEMBUKANYA!!!!\" Panik Rika Pintunitu sudah mulai jebol seluruhnya. Namun akhirnya Rika berhasilnmembuka gembok jendela. Dia lalu membukanya… Yukinkemudian tak kuasa lagi menahan meja lagi dia lalu membantu Rikankeluar melewati jendela \"ayo!nAyo cepat!\" \"KRAK!!!nKRAK!!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu melihat Yuki dan Rika… Penambang itu lalu menghilang… \"kemananpenambang itu?!\" Tanya Rika yang tubuhnya sudah setengah keluarnjendela \"astaga!!!\"npanic Yuki \"cepat kembali ke dalam! Cepat!!!\" \"grrr…grrr!!!\" Penambangnitu sudah diluar, menarik Rika… \"OhnBrengsek!!!!\" kaget Rika tubuhnya sudah ditarik dari luarn\"TOLONGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Teriak Rika Penambangnitu menarik Rika, Yuki berusaha menariknya lagi \"RIKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nteriak Yuki \"KYAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!\"nteriak Rika Tetapinsia-sia, kekuatan penambang itu lebih kuat. Rika lalu ditarik keluar…nYuki lalu langsung terpojok… \"Rika…hu..hu…\"nNafas Yuki terengah-engah… Hening… Yukinlalu berusaha melihat keluar jendela kembali… perlahan-lahan… \"srek…\" \"srek…\" Tetapinpenambang itu muncul kembali dari jendela, dia lalu langsungnmengayunkan pickaxe itu. Tetapi pickaxe itu menyangkut di baju Yuki… \"krek!!!\"nsuara baju Yuki yang mulai sobek Penambangnitu lalu berusaha menarik Yuki. Tetapi Tidak berhasil, pickaxe itunkembali tanpa apapun. Hanya baju Yuki kancingnya sobek. Dan tangannYuki tergores pickaxe tersebut… \"KARGHHH!!!\"nYuki teriak kesakitan Yukinlalu terjatuh, dia lalu mendekati suatu tombol. Itu tombol emergency… \"TOETnTOET TOET TOET!!!!!!!!!\" Suara bunyi emergency Yukinmenoleh, penambang itu sudah menghilang kembali… Bunyinemergency itu masih berbunyi, Yuki sekarang berlari ke depannsupermarket… Ketikandi depan pintu, muncul Roxas. Yuki lalu langsung membuka pintu dannmenghampirinya sambil panic… \"Akunbersamamu! Aku bersamamu!!!\" tegas Roxas sambil berusahanmenenangkan Yuki \"Roxas!nRoxas! Roxas!!!\" Yuki memanggil nama Roxas berkali-kali dengannpanic \"Yuki!!!\"npanggil Roxas dengan nada panic sambil menahannya \"Dimana Rika…?!nRika?!\" \"Rikandibelakang!!!!\" jawab Yuki Roxasnlalu berniat memeriksanya, dia melepaskan genggaman Yuki \"okey!nOkey! Yuki! Tetap dibelakangku okey!?\" TetapinYuki masih panic dan ketakutan sekali… \"Yuki,nYuki!!! YUKI!!!\" keras Roxas \"tetapi dibelakangku! Mengerti?!\" \"yeah…yeah!\"njawab Yuki dengan nafas berat sekali Roxasnlalu menyiapkan pistolnya… Yuki lalu mengikutinya dari belakang,ndia sudah mulai sedikit tenang. Mereka berdua lalu perlahan-lahannberjalan ke belakang supermarket… Suasananmencekam dan sunyi terasa sekali disitu… \"Roxas…!!!\"nYuki sambil memegang Roxas Merekansekarang sampai dimana jendela kantor belakang tadi, tempat Rikanditarik oleh penambang tersebut. Di dekat jendela itu ada tempatnsampah hijau… Roxasnlalu melihatnya, tetapi tak ada siapa-siapa disitu… \"Yuki…?\" \"apa?\"nTanya Yuki sambil mendekati Roxas, dia lalu terkejut. Tak adansiapa-siapa di situ. Tetapi…nmereka mencium bau darah dan mayat. Ketika mereka melihat kebawah,nada bekas darah diseret. Dan itu tepat menuju ke dalam tempat sampahntersebut… Roxasndan Yuki lalu menatap ke tempat sampah hijau itu… \"tetapndibelakangku Yuki…\" ucap Roxas Roxasnlalu membuka tutup tempat sampah hijau itu, dia tak melihat apapun.nTerkecuali sebuah bungkus hitam besar misterius… dari situ dimananbau darah dan mayat itu tercium… Roxasnlalu membukanya perlahan-lahan… \"krek…\" Dannkeluarlah… mayat Rika… dadanya berlubang. Darah dimana-mana…nTerlihat juga jantungnya sudah dicongkel di depannya. \"Ohntuhan…!\" Roxas terkejut melihatnya \"apa?!\"nkaget Yuki KetikanYuki melihatnya, dia langsung terkejut. Tak tahan dan langsungnberbalik… Roxasnlalu melihat sesuatu di balik tutup sampah itu, itu tulisan darah…ntertulis BEnMINE 4 EVER Besertantanda hati dengan tulisan darah Beberapanmenit kemudian… Polisindan petugas lain pun berdatangan ke tempat itu. Sekarang Yuki dudukndi mobil ambulance. Tangan dia sambil diobati oleh seorang petugasndisitu. Petugas itu lalu selesai dengan tugasnya, Roxas lalunmenghampirinya… \"kaunakan dibawa ke rumah sakit untuk diperiksa lebih lanjut\" \"lalu,nkau mengejarnya?\" Tanya Yuki Roxasnlalu menghembuskan nafas lemas… \"semuanorang terlibat dengan pertambangan tersebut\" ucap Roxas \"sepertin6 tahun lalu\" \"Rika tidak\" ucap Yuki Roxasnterdiam…Yuki lalu berkata lagi \"mungkinnpembunuhnya hanya mengincarmu\" ucap Yuki \"apanyang kau bicarakan?\" Tanya Roxas \"akunngak buta Roxas\" geleng Yuki Merekanberdua lalu terdiam, Roxas lalu menyuruh petugas itu tuk membawa Yukinke rumah sakit… \"bawandia\" ucap Roxas Petugasntadi lalu mengajak Yuki ke dalam mobil ambulance. Mobil Ambulancenlalu pergi… Roxasnlalu menoleh kebelakang, Polisi Roy menatapnya… Dindepan rumah Silverman… Sekarang,nada mobil polisi. Di dalamnya ada Karin beserta Hitomi… \"Karin,nkenapa kita tidak langsung menghampirinya saja?\" TanyanHitomi \"tahan mba, kita tak bisa langsung menyerbunya\"nkeluh Karin \"Lagipula, saya ditugaskan untuk mengamati situasinsaja\" \"oh…maafkan saya. Saya Cuma panic…\" keluhnHitomi Merekanlalu mendengar suara radio… terdengar berita Yuki dan Rika. Rikantewas… \"ohntuhan…\" keluh Hitomi \"ini sudah mulai gila…\" Dindalam rumah kediaman Silverman Luminansekarang sedang menonton televise di ruang keluarga, dia sepertinyanmasih agak stress gara-gara kejadian kemarin. Di belakang ruangnkeluarga ada ruang tempat mesin cuci. Dan ada pintu menuju keluar…nPembantunya, Ella tampak sedang sibuk mencui pakaian… \"Nyonya,nistrahatlah\" ucap Pembantu Ella TetapinLumina diam saja, dia tak mendengarkan Ella… Ella akhirnya kembalinbekerja, dia lalu keluar. Beberapa menit kemudian, dia muncul kembalindengan sambil membawa beberapa pakaian yang baru saja dijemur. \"krek\"nsuara pintu \"…\" Luminandiam saja Tetapintiba-tiba muncul seseorang lagi dari pintu itu, itu adalah penambangnitu. Penambang itu lalu melihat Lumina dari belakang \"grrr…grrr\" Namun,npenambang itu tak menghampirinya, dia malah menghampiri pembantunyanElla. Ella sekarang sedang sibuk memasuki pakaian ke dalam mesinncuci. Penambang itu lalu menyalakan lampu di topi kepalanya... \"…grr…\" Ellanlalu menoleh, penambang itu lalu langsung menebasnya… \"TBRETTT!!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu kembali ke ruangan keluarga dimana Lumina tadi menontonntelevise. Entah apa yang habis dilakukan penambang itu setelahnmembunuh Ella. Ketika berada di ruangan itu, Lumina sudah tidak adandimana-mana… Dinluar rumah… Dinmobil polisi Karin dan Hitomi. Mereka berdua sekarang masihnberjaga-jaga… Merekanberdua sekarang sedang mendengarkan siaran radio… \"semuansiaran radio memberitakan kasus pembunuhan di kota ini\" ucap Hitomi \"…huh…\"nKarin hanya menghembuskan nafas lesu Seseorangntampak mengamati mereka dari luar, dia lalu langsung menghampirinmobil polisi Karin… \"dap!\" Suarantangan orang itu memegang kaca mobil samping Karin \"Astaga!!!\"nkaget Karin Itunpolisi senior Jim… Dia sudah sambil membawa pistol. Dia lalunmeminta Hitomi dan Karin keluar mobil… \"Dianberada disini, dalam rumah ini\" ucap Polisi senior Jim Hitomindan Karin pun bersiaga. Karin lalu memberikan sebuah Hitomi pistol \"tetapnikuti aku, dan tolong pegang ini\" tegas Karin sambil memberikannHitomi sebuah pistol \"…\"nHitomi terdiam \"peganglah,njika kau melihat dia. Tembak\" Akhirnya,nHitomi meraih pistol yang diberikan Karin… \"baiklah\" Merekanbertiga sekarang berjalan ke pintu depan masuk rumah… \"PaknJim, sebaiknya anda menjaga-jaga di luar rumah\" usul Karin \"biarnaku dan Hitomi masuk kedalam\" \"baik\"nngangguk Pak Jim Karinndan Hitomi lalu dengan bersiaga dan perlahan-lahan masuk ke dalamnrumah… PaknJim lalu berjalan ke samping rumah… Dia lalu melihat sesuatunmenyala-nyala di balik pagar beton kecil pembatas rumah Silverman… Karinndan Hitomi sekarang sampai di ruang keluarga… mereka lalu mendengarnsuara televise yang bising dan nyaring sekali… \"…\" \"matikannsajalah\" ucap Hitomi dengan nada pelan Karinnlalu mengambil remote televise yang terletak di meja kecil depanntelevise. Dia lalu mematikannya… \"cklek\" \"srek\" Tiba-tibanmereka berdua mendengar suara orang mendekati mereka dari balik sofa…nMereka berdua lalu langsung mengarahkan pistol itu ke sofa… \"…!!!\" Seseorangnitu lalu menampakkan dirinya. Itu Lumina… \"Hitomi?!\"nkaget Lumina \"Oh,nLumina…!\" ucap Hitomi Merekanberdua lalu berpelukan… Lumina habis bersembunyi dari kejarannpenambang tersebut sepertinya… \"syukurlahnkau baik-baik saja!\" ucap Hitomi ke Lumina \"tapi…pembantuku…\"nkeluh Lumina Luminanlalu menatap ke ruang mesin cuci… Hitomi dan Karin lalu mengalihkannpandangannya juga ke ruang mesin cuci yang dekat dengan ruangnkeluarga mereka berada. Terdengar suara mesin cuci yang ribut dannbising sekali… \"duknduk duk duk!!!\" \"tetapndisini\" ucap Karin, walaupun dia tampak gugup juga Karin lalu berjalan kenruang mesin cuci… Dinluar samping rumah… PaknJim sekarang sedang mendekati sesuatu yang menyala dari balik pagarnkecil beton tersebut… ketika dia melihatnya, itu adalah topinpenambang tersebut. Cahayanya masih menyala… \"…huh…\"nheran Pak Jim PaknJim lalu menoleh kebelakang, tiada siapa-siapa kecuali dirinyansendiri… Karinnsekarang melihat sesuatu, ada darah bercipratan muncul dari dalamnmesin cuci yang nyala dan berisik tersebut… \"duknduk duk duk duk!!!\" suara mesin cuci yang ribut tersebut Karinnlalu perlahan-lahan memegang tutup mesin cuci itu, dia lalunmembukanya… \"duk\" Mesinncuci itu terhenti, bersamaan muncul mayat pembantu yang dibunuhnPenambang itu dari dalam mesin cuci. Wajahnya penuh darah dan lukanbacok… \"ARGGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nTeriak Karin \"JIM!!! MASUKLAH SEKARANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Luminandan Hitomi langsung menghampiri Karin, bersiaga… PaknJim yang berada di luar… PaknJim mendengar teriakan Karin, hendak masuk kedalam… Tetapinpenambang itu sudah berada di belakangnya. Penambang itu lalunmenusukan pickaxe-nya dari bawah. Menembus dagu Pak Jim… darahnbermuncratan… \"BRETTT!!!!!!!!!!!\" \"URGHh!!!!\"nKesakitan Pak Jim PaknJim lalu memegang Pickaxe itu, berusaha mengeluarkannya dari dagunyanyang menembus mulutnya. Tetapi penambang itu menariknya juga… \"ggr…grr…\" Namun,napa daya. Penambang itu jauh lebih kuat. Dia lalu menarik Pickaxenitu. Membuat dagu sampai mulut Pak Jim terputus dan terlemparnbesertai darah… Pak Jim pun terjatuh… Tewas… Dinsuatu tempat di perkotaan Harmony… Dinsebuah gang kumuh… Ada mobil Tom disitu. Tom sekarang berada dinmobilnya, dia baru saja menutup teleponnya. Dia baru menjawabnpanggilan dari seseorang… \"…\" Tomnlalu berpikir sejenak… dia lalu memanggil seseorang lewatnhandphone-nya… Dinrumah sakit… TerlihatnYuki baru saja selesai berobat, sekarang dia di meja receptionist.nHandphone dia berbunyi… dia lalu mengangkatnya… \"halo…?\" ItunTom… \"Yuki?\"npanggil Tom dalam telepon, \"Ini Tom. Kau dimana?\" \"akundi rumah sakit…\" keluh Yuki \"adanapa? Kau ok?\" Tanya Tom \"Dugaannkau dan Ashley benar…\" keluh Yuki \"Harry Warden kembali…. Dianmencoba membunuhku\" \"kaunlihat wajahnya?\" Tanya Tom \"hanyansebuah topeng masker gas Tom\" jawab Yuki \"Yuki,nmungkin ini terdengar gila. Tapi itu sepertinya bukan Harry\" ujarnTom \"kau…bilangnapa…?\" Yuki jadi mulai gugup \"tapi…kaunpercaya aku?\" Tanya Tom \"Tom…\" \"Kaunpercaya aku?\" Tanya Tom lagi… Yukinlalu terdiam sebentar… dia lalu menjawab… \"Ok…\" \"Baiklah,nada sesuatu yang harus kutunjukkan padamu Yuki\" ucap Tom \"Tom,naku harus kembali pulang…\" keluh Yuki \"tidaknapa-apa, nanti biar aku yang mengantarmu balik\" ucap Tom Tomnsekarang berniat menjemput Yuki yang berada di rumah sakit… Beberapanmenit kemudian… Roxasnsekarang berada di rumah sakit, berniat menjemput Yuki… Tetapi Yukintak ada dimana-mana. Dia lalu bertanya ke receptionist… \"Mba,nkau lihat Yuki?\" Tanya Roxas tergesa-gesa \"tadindia baru keluar\" ucap mba penjaga receptionist \"huh?!\"nkaget Roxas \"10nMenit lalu, dia pergi bersama si Tom Hanniger\" Roxasnlalu terdiam… tiba-tiba walkie talkie dia berbunyi… itu dari Roy… \"PaknRoxas!\" \"yeah…?!\" \"akundapat sebuah laporan tentang Tom Hanniger\" ucap Pak Roy dalamnwalkie talkie \"kau mungkin harus mendengarnya…\" [bersambung][Chapter 6] [FINALnCHAPTER] Dinsebuah jalan raya… Tomnsekarang mau membawa Yuki ke suatu tempat… Entah kemana. Tetapinsekarang Tom membawa Yuki dengan mobilnya… \"…\"nYuki diam saja Tomnlalu melihatnya… dia lalu berkata… \"Kauntahu di depan sini rumah ayah kau dan Roxas yang tua bukan?\" TanyanTom \"akuntahu\" jawab Yuki \"yeah, kita sekarang lagi mau menjual tempat itunjuga\" \"kaunakhir-akhir ini ada datang kesana?\" Tanya Tom \"tidak\"njawab Yuki sambil mengelengkan kepala Tomnlalu mulai berkata lagi… \"Kakakmuntak seperti yang kau bayangkan Yuki\" ucap Tom \"maksudmunapa?\" Tanya Yuki lagi tak mengerti \"Akunbilang dia yang bertanggung jawab atas semua pembunuhan ini\" \"Itungila Tom\" bantah Yuki Tiba-tibanhandphone Yuki berbunyi… Dia lalu mengangkatnya… \"halo\"njawab Yuki ItunRoxas… dia mengejar mobil Tom dengan mobil polisi… walaupunntampaknya tertinggal jauh sekali… \"Kaundimana?\" Tanya Roxas \"Dia bersamamu bukan?\" \"ya\"njawab Yuki dengan nada pelan \"Yuki…dengarkannaku… kau harus cepat keluar dari mobil itu sekarang juga…\" ucapnRoxas \"akuntak yakin dengan maksudmu…\" ucap Yuki \"Tomnternyata setelah 6 tahun lalu dia positif mengalami gangguan jiwanselama 3 tahun Yuki\" tegas Roxas \"Dia tadi hampir membunuhnLumina!\" Yukinmenjadi histeris, dia juga bingung. Harus percaya dengan siapa… \"Yuki…\"npanggil Roxas \"Aku tahu aku akhir-akhir bertingkah mengerikannkepadamu Yuki, kau boleh membenciku. Maafkan aku. Tapi tolong segerankeluar dan menjauh dari Tom…\" ucap Roxas \"Keluar, dan menjauhndari Tom…sekarang juga…!\" Yukinlalu menutup telepon… Roxas pun juga… Roxas tampak sangatnkhawatir saat ini… Beberapanmenit kemudian, Yuki sudah menemukan alasan bagus tuk keluar darinmobil… \"Akunharus pulang Tom, ibuku menyuruhku\" tegas Yuki Tomnlalu melihat Yuki… \"itunbukan ibumu\" ucap Tom \"itu Roxas bukan?\" \"Ibukunmarah Tom, aku harus pulang\" tegas Yuki \"Kaunpercaya aku tidak?\" Tanya Tom \"Bawanpulang aku sekarang\" Tegas Yuki \"brengsek!!!\"ngeram Tom sambil memukul setiran mobil \"Yuki, kau harus melihatnyanYuki…\" \"Tom,nkau mulai membuatku takut Tom!\" ucap Yuki \"Roxasningin membuatmu berpikir aku yang melakukannya\" tegas Tom \"akunngak akan biarkan hal itu. Tidak akan…ngak akan…\" Yukinterdiam… \"Sial!!!\"nteriak Tom Beberapanmenit kemudian… Tom dan Yuki sudah mendekati kawasan dekatnpertambangan Hanniger dan dimana letak rumah lama ayah Roxas berada… Yukinlalu terdiam, dia tiba-tiba langsung membabi buta ke Tom dengan ikutnmemegang Setir. Mencoba dan memaksa agar Tom berputar arah… \"Yuki!!!nApa Yang kau lakukan Yuki!!!???\" teriak Tom Mobilnpun berjalan dengan tidak teratur. Sampai mobil itu berjalan ke tepinjalan dan menabrak suatu pohon \"Ohnsial!!!\" kaget Tom \"TBUAAAKKKK!!!!\"nsuara mobil tertabrak \"TPRANGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nsuara kaca mobil pecah Beberapanmenit kemudian, Yuki sadarkan diri duluan. Tom masih pingsan di dalamnmobil. Dia lalu keluar dari mobil secepatnya… Yukinlalu berlari menuju ke hutan, hutan dimana yang sudah masuk dalamnkawasan pertambangan Hanniger… Tomnlalu sadarkan diri, dia lalu mencoba keluar dari mobil lewatnpintunya. Tapi tidak bisa, dia lalu keluar lewat pintu Yuki… diansambil merintih kesakitan karena sebagian tubuhnya mengenai serpihannkaca mobil yang pecah akibat tertabrak… \"arghh…!!!\" Tomnakhirnya berhasil keluar dari mobil… dia sambil berteriak kesakitannsambil terbaring ke tanah… \"Arrrrrrrrghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Dinhutan SekarangnYuki berjalan di dalam hutan, dia menoleh kebelakang. Mendengar suaranTom berteriak dari kejauhan… \"huff…huff…\" Yukinlalu berjalan kembali ke depan, dia lalu mengeluarkan handphonenya.nDan menelpon Roxas… Roxasnsekarang masih dalam perjalanan mengejar Tom dan Yuki… \"halo?\"njawab Roxas \"kau dimana?\" \"Roxas?!\"nTanya Yuki \"aku menabrakan mobil, sekarang aku dekat kawasannpertambangan\" \"kaunbaik-baik saja?\" Tanya Roxas \"mungkin\"njawab Yuki \"okey…\"nkeluh Roxas \"pergilah ke tempat rumah lama ayah kita\" ucap Roxasn\"kau masih ingat kan dimana?\" \"akuntahu\" jawab Yuki \"bersembunyilah\"njawab Roxas \"aku memanggil Karin, Hitomi, Lumina, dan Ashley juga\"nucap Roxas \"untuk ada apa-apa, aku dalam perjalanan ke sana\" \"okey\"njawab Yuki Yukinlalu menutup handphonenya, dia tampak takut dan panic sekali sambilnmenoleh kesana kemari. Yukinsekarang sudah di depan rumah lama ayahnya… Dianlalu berjalan ke teras depan, dia melihat sebuah kunci depanntersembunyi dibalik sofa. Dia mengambilnya, dan dengan cepat membukanpintu depan… \"Krek\"nsuara pintu depan terbuka Yukinlalu masuk, dia lalu menutupnya kembali. Dia lalu mendorong suatunlemari ke pintu itu. Untuk mengganjalnya… \"srett!!!\"nsuara lemari terdorong Yukinlalu berbalik, dia mulai sedikit tenang. Tetapi dia memperhatikannsesuatu di meja. Itu adalah sebuah kotak hati dengan sebuah surat… Yukinlalu perlahan-lahan meraihnya… dan melihat isi surat tersebut… \"BEnMINE 4 EVER\" Dianlalu terkejut… dia kemudian melihat surat lainnya… \"HAPPYnVALENTINE'S DAY\" Ygnpertama, tulisan itu ditemukan juga di balik tong sampah dimana mayatnRika terbungkus. Ygnkedua, tulisan dan surat itu sama percis dengan surat dimana Daniellentewas akibat jatuh dari lantai 6… Diansepertinya mulai menyadari sesuatu, dia lalu melihat sebuah kotaknberbentuk hati warna merah. Dia lalu membuka kotaknya itu dan isinya… JANTUNGnMANUSIA… Yukinlalu kepikiran kata-kata Tom yang baru diucapkan di mobil tadi… ~ \"Roxasningin membuatmu berpikir aku yang melakukannya\" tegas Tom Yukinlalu terkejut, dia lalu melempar kotak cokelat isi jantung itu… Dianlalu berlari ke dapur belakang. Mencari sesuatu sebagai pegangan dannsenjata… \"kreseknkretak!!!\" suara bising yang dibuat Yuki Yukinlalu membuka suatu lemari, muncul 5 biji kotak hati bewarna merahnkosong terjatuh… Yukinakhirnya berpikir… selama ini… Pembunuhnya adalah Roxas… \"ohntuhan…\" keluh Yuki \"krek…\"nsuara pintu belakang terbuka Seseorangnmembuka pintu belakang… \"grrr…grrr…\" Itunadalah penambang itu… Yuki lalu menoleh kebelakang… \"Roxas…\" Tiba-tibanpenambang itu mengeluarkan pickaxe-nya dan mulai menyerang Yuki.nTetapi Yuki menunduk, Pickaxe itu menancap di lemari kayu dapurntersebut… \"BRUKKK!!!\" Penambangnitu lalu berusaha menarik pickaxe yang menancap itu, Tetapi Yukinbangkit dan berusaha merebutnya juga. Penambang itu lalu menamparnya \"TPLAKKK!!!\" \"arghh!!!\"nYuki kesakitan Yukinterlempar, dia lalu melihat suatu panci. Dia lalu mengambil dannmemukulnya ke penambang tersebut… \"TPANNNNGGGG!!!\"n*tpanggg tuh kayak suara lonceng* Yukinlalu berlari, dia lalu berusaha keluar lewat pintu depan. Tetapinpintu depan sudah dia ganjal dengan lemari. Dia lalu menoleh kenkanan. Dia lalu melihat jendela. Tetapi jendela itu sudah dilapisinkayu tua dari luar. Dia lalu mengambil lampu meja tua dekat situ.nMencoba menghancurkan kayu yang menghalangnya \"tbuak!!!nTbuak!!!\" Dannakhirnya dia berhasil… \"TPRANGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Tapinsayang, penambang itu keburu mendengarnya. Dia lalu mengejarnya. Yukinkemudian melempar dia dengan lampu meja tua itu… \"BUKKKK!nKRAKKK!!!!\" Yukinlalu berhasil kabur lewat jendela… Penambang itu lalu melihatnya.nYuki lalu berlari ke hutan kembali… dia sekarang ngak tahu harusnkemana terkecuali pertambangan Hanniger… karena sudah tak jauhndisitu… Dan…nPenambang itu mengejarnya… tetapi… apakah itu benar Roxas? Dianmasih misterius… PertambangannHanniger… Yukinmau tak mau berlari ke dalam pertambangan, dia sekarang mencoba masuknmelalui suatu pintu. Tetapi pintu itu terkunci… \"kreknkrek krek!!!\" suara pintu yang mau dibuka Yuki Terlihatnbayangan penambang itu sudah dekat dengan Yuki, Yuki akhirnyanmengambil jalan lain dan pergi dari tempat itu… Dinsebuah tempat… Yukinsekarang memasuki tempat itu… dan jackpot. Dia sepertinya kenansial, itu tempat dimana banyak sekali tergantung kaos seragamnpenambang yang disertai topi dengan lampu senter diatasnya. Seragamnitu tergantung dimana-mana. Yuki lalu menoleh kesana kemari….nTiba-tiba handphonennya berbunyi \"kringg!!!\" \"ASTAGA!!!\"nYuki terkejut Yukinterkejut, dia lalu perlahan-lahan mengangkat telepon itu sambilnmencari celah untuk keluar dari tempat mengerikan itu… \"halo…?!\"njawab Yuki \"Yuki,nini kita!!!\" ucap yang lain Itunternyata Hitomi, dia bersama Lumina dan Karin… mereka sekarangndalam perjalanan ke tambang juga… \"Astaga…Hitomi…!!!\"nkaget Yuki \"Yuki,nkami sekarang mau kesana Yuki!\" ucap Hitomi \"kau bagaimana?!\" \"akunentahlah…\" jawab Yuki sambil masih mencari celah keluar, tetapindia bingung sekali dengan banyak baju seragam penambang yangnbergelantungan… \"Yuki,nkita sepertinya tahu siapa pembunuhnya…\" keluh Hitomi \"walaupunnaku sendiri sebenarnya tak percaya ini…\" \"siapa?!!\"nTanya Yuki \"dianadalah…\" \"grrr…grrrr\" KetikanHitomi hendak menyebutkan nama pembunuh yang memakai seragamnpenambang itu. Penambang itu sudah muncul di hadapan Yuki. Dia lalunmenjatuhkan handphonenya sebelum sempat Hitomi menyebutkan namanpembunuh tersebut. Dia lalu berlari… Beruntunglah penambang itunjuga kebingungan dengan banyak sekali baju penambang yangnbergelantungan… Yukinsekarang berlari ke corridor menuju ke dalam tambang… Dianlalu mengambil sebuah senter yang terdapat di dinding dekat pintunmasuk ke tambang. Senter penerangan khusus pekerja di tempat itu. Dianlalu masuk ke dalam… Penamabangnmisterius itu masih saja mengejarnya… ke dalam tambang juga… \"grrr…grrrr\" Yukinsekarang berada di pusat dalam tambang tersebut, dia lalunbersembunyi. Tahu penambang itu masih mengejarnya… \"klek\"nsuara senter yang dimatikan Yuki Yukinlalu berusaha tenang. Dia lalu meraih sebuah sekop di dekatnya.nKetika penambang itu sudah di dekatnya. Dia baru membabi buta. \"huh….huh…\"nsuara nafas Yuki yang terengah-engah Seseorangnmuncul, dia sambil membawa lampu senter dan sorot sepertinya.nTerlihat cahaya muncul bergerak kemana-mana… Orangnitu mulai mendekati Yuki, Yuki lalu langsung membabi buta… Dia lalunmemukul orang itu dekan sekop… \"Uhhh!!!\" \"TBUAAKKK!!!!\" \"Aouch!!!\"nkesakitan orang itu sambil menjatuhkan sebuah pistol Ketikandilihat, orang itu adalah Roxas. Yuki lalu meraih pistol yangndipegang Roxas tadi… \"Yuki…napa yang kau lakukan…?!\" Tanya Roxas \"akunmenemukan hatimu\" ucap Yuki sambil menodongkan pistol ke kakaknyansendiri, Roxas \"hati…apa…?\"nTanya Roxas tak mengerti \"akunmenemukan hati valentine anjingmu!!!\" keras Yuki \"maksudmu…napa?\" Roxas tak mengerti \"HATInITU ROXAS!!! HATI DIMANA ADA TULISAN ITU!!! JUGA HATI DIMANA ADAnSURAT YANG PERCIS DENGAN TEWASNYA DANIELLE!!!\" Perjelas Yuki sambilnteriak \"JUGA DENGAN JANTUNG MANUSIA DI DALAM KOTAK HATI ANJINGnTERSEBUT!!!\" Roxasnterdiam… dia lalu mulai menunduk…dan berpikir \"ItunTom Yuki…\" ucap Roxas menuduh Tom \"Tom pasti…\" \"HENTIKANnITU ROXAS!!! TULISAN ITU! DAN JANTUNG MANUSIA ITU!!! LALU SELURUHnKOTAK HATI ITU!!!\" Teriak Yuki sambil menodong pistol ke arah Roxas \"Tomnpasti menaruhnya disana Yuki, Aku bekerja 24 jam kapan-kapannsempatnya aku bisa bermain sebagai psikopat?!\" Tanya Roxas sedikitnkeras Tiba-tibanterdengar suara seseorang… \"kaunitu Roxas\" Seseorangnitu muncul, itu Tom… \"maksudkunkau saja kan yang sering kesana sekarang?\" Tanya Tom yang wajahnyansudah luka akibat kaca di mobil tadi \"WhoanTom, mundur!!!\" perintah Yuki sambil menodongkan pistol itu ke arahnTom juga Tomndan Roxas saling bertatapan, mereka lalu berusaha menjelaskan kenYuki… \"KALIANnJANGAN BERGERAK BANGSAT!!!!!\" Teriak Yuki menodongkan pistol kenarah Tom dan Yuki Hening…nmereka semua sekarang dalam masa menegangkan… mencari tahu siapanpembunuhnya sekarang… Yuki harus pintar dan jeli memilih… apakahnitu Tom…atau Roxas…? \"Yuki,nlihat aku Yuki\" ucap Roxas \"tembak dia, dan dia ngak akannbergerak\" \"apa?\"nkaget Tom \"Roxas…kita akan memberimu pertolongan Roxas…\" \"KAUnBENAR-BENAR BANGSAT!!!!\" Teriak Roxas membantah Tom \"Yuki!!! Kauntidak mungkin kan percaya orang ini?!\" tunjuk Roxas ke Tom \"Akuntahu kau membenciku itu tidak apa-apa\" perjelas Tom \"tapi ininadikmu, berhentilah berbohong kepadanya!!!\" \"DIAM!!!\"nTeriak Roxas \"Yuki, dia ini gila Yuki!!! Dia masuk rumah sakit jiwanselama 3 tahun!!!!\" Yukinsekarang semakin bingung, pusing dan gugup…. Dia sekarang tak tahunsiapa yang benar-benar pembunuh tersebut… \"Ohnkerja bagus ya Roxas\" ucap Tom \"kerja bagus, sekarang bisa kaunbuktikan aku gila?!\" Merekanlalu terdiam semua… suasana disitu benar-benar menegangkan.nDitambah itu tempat dimana pembunuhan 6 tahun lalu terjadi… Tepatndi pertambangan Hanniger itu… Roxasnsekarang pusing, dia memegang kepalanya. Lalu mengelap wajahnya… \"brengsek…\"nkeluh Roxas \"okey, tembak saja kita berdua\" Tomndan Yuki lalu melihatnya \"Apa?!\"nkaget Yuki \"Tembaknsaja kita berdua Yuki\" ucap Roxas ke Yuki \"lakukanlah, itunpilihanmu sekarang Yuki. Jika kau tembak aku Yuki kau masih akannbersama pembunuh itu\" \"Kaunngomong apa Roxas?!\" geram Tom \"Yuki, jangan dengarkan dia Yuki\" \"Yuki,nlakukan Yuki. Lakukan!!!\" perintah Roxas \"Yuki,ndia butuh pertolongan Yuki\" perjelas Tom \"Yuki!nTEMBAK KITA BERDUA, SEKARANG!!!\" perintah Roxas \"NGAKnADA YANG NEMBAK SIAPAPUN DISINI!!!\" keras Tom \"TEMBAKnKITA YUKI!!!!\" Teriak Roxas Tomndan Roxas pun saling beradu mulut… berusaha meyakinkan Yuki satunsama lain… \"DENGARKAN!!!\"nkeras Tom sambil teriak \"Kata-kata itu, hati itu, jantung itu,nsurat itu. Kata-kata BE MINE 4 EVER Di balik tutup tong sampah dinmayat Rika! Lalu hati di mayat Danielle dengan surat HAPPYnVALENTINE'S DAY tanpa diketahui dari seseorang\" Perjelas Tomndengan keras \"Benar kan itu Roxas? Kata-kata itu sama percis dengannsurat yang ditemukan di rumahmu?!!\" Merekansemua terdiam… Yuki lalu bertanya sesuatu… \"Kapannkau tahu Rika sudah tewas…?\" Yuki bertanya ke Tom \"Ashleynmenceritakannya ke aku\" jawab Tom \"semuanya tentang itu\" Yukindan Roxas pun terdiam… \"Ashley…?!\"nkaget Roxas, dia mau ikut tertawa \"Sekarang kawanmu sendiri kamuntuduh?!!\" -nFLASHBACK Ketikandi taman kota… KAMIS 11 FEBRUARY Siang hari Ashleynsekarang berada di tempat itu. Dia sekarang sedang duduk di suatunmeja makan. Dia sedang melakukan sesuatu di laptopnya… sepertinyansedang mengetik. Dia sambil mendengarkan lagu juga dari headsetnya… Ashleyndan Tom baru saja berjanji sesuatu… Kenyataanya Ashley baru sajanmuncul di taman itu ketika Tom muncul juga. Dia habis dari suatuntempat… \"Kaundari mana Ashley?\" Tanya Tom \"akundari lokasi polisi dan petugas lainnya mengevakuasi mayat\" ucapnAshley \"Penambang itu beraksi kembali. Dia kali ini membunuh suaminLumina\" Tomnterdiam… \"tapi,nkali ini agak sedikit berbeda. Dan ini masih dipertanyakan.nKemungkinan Danielle dibunuh, atau bunuh diri\" ucap Ashley \"soalnyandia jatuh dari lantai 7\" \"lalunapa lagi…?\" Tanya Tom \"diansambil membawa kotak hati merah berisi cokelat biasa. Dengan suratntanpa diketahui siapa pengirimnya… surat itu tertulis… HAPPYnVALENTINE'S DAY\" Tomnterdiam… Sekarang,nFlashback ketika Tom berada di rumah lama ayah Roxas dan Yuki. Kamisn11 February Malam Hari… Tomnmenemukan kotak cokelat berisi jantung tersebut… bersama suratnbertuliskan Be Mine 4 Ever dan surat tertulis Happy Valentine's Daynyang percis ditemukan bersama mayat Danielle… \"…!!!\" TomnCuma bisa terdiam, dia tak melakukan apa-apa terkecuali menaruhnkembali kotak cokelat berisi jantung dan surat-surat tersebut… Darinsinilah, Tom mengira Roxas adalah pembunuhnya… sejak tulisan HappynValentine's Day tersebut… Sekarang,nFlashback ketika Rika habis dibunuh… Yuki sekarang berada di rumahnsakit. Dinsuatu tempat di perkotaan Harmony… Dinsebuah gang kumuh… Ada mobil Tom disitu. Tom sekarang berada dinmobilnya, dia baru saja menutup teleponnya. Dia baru menjawabnpanggilan dari seseorang… Kenyataanya,ndia habis memanggil Ashley melalui telepon… \"Ashley,nkau dimana?\" Tanya Tom \"akunberadi di lokasi kejadian sekarang, masih bersama Roxas…\" ucapnAshley di telepon \"Sekarang, Rika terbunuh. Assisten kerja Yuki…\" \"…astaga…\"nkaget Tom \"penambangnitu membungkus Rika dalam plastic, membuanya ke tong sampah. Dianmengoyak jantung Rika juga. Di balik tong sampah tersebut ada tulisanndarah BE MINE 4 EVER\" \"BenMine 4 Ever…\" keluh Tom \"tulisan yang sama kutemukan di rumahnayah Roxas…\" Begitulah…nTom jadi semakin yakin… pembunuhnya adalah Roxas… Flashbacknberakhir, kembali ke sekarang… Dinpertambangan Hanniger, dimana Yuki, Roxas dan Tom sekarang dalamnsuasana tegang… Tomnhabis menjelaskan semuanya… Roxasnmau tertawa mendengar Tom… \"hahahaha…!!!\"nketawa Roxas \"apanyang lucu?!\" geram Tom \"Kaunjadi menuduh teman kita sekarang? Ashley!?\" Tanya Roxas \"diansudah lepas dari segala gugatan!!!\" \"SEMUANYA!!!\"nteriak Yuki Tomndan Roxas pun terdiam, Yuki lalu bertanya \"Roxas,nwaktu kau mengevakuasi Danielle, apa kau ada melihat Ashley?\" TanyanYuki sambil menodongkan pistol itu \"Tidak,naku tidak melihat Ashley atapun Tom\" \"Bagaimananwaktu kau mengevakuasi Rika?! Apa kau melihat Ashley?!\" Tanya Yukinlagi \"Tidak\"njawab Roxas \"jelas, pembunuh itu sudah ada di depan kita. Tom\" \"ROXAS,nAKU NGAK MEMBUNUH ORANG INI ROXAS!!!\" tegas Tom \"DIAMLAH!!!\"nTeriak Yuki sambil menodongkan pistol itu ke Tom dan Roxas \"lalunbagaiman Ashley bisa tahu Danielle mati, Rika mati, Surat dan tulisannitu?!\" Tanya Yuki Semuanyanhanya bisa terdiam… tak tahu jawabannya… Tiba-tiba muncul suaranperempuan… \"yeah benar\" ucap seorang perempuan Merekanlalu menoleh, dibelakang Yuki. Muncul Karin, Hitomi dan Lumina… \"kalianntahu…\" ucap Lumina \"Kau\" Lumina menunjuk Roxas \"dan Kau\"nLumina juga menunjuk Tom \"hanya sebagai bahan permainannya\" \"paknRoxas…?\" tanya Karin sambil menyiapkan pistol juga. Karin lalunperlahan-lahan mendekati Roxas \"Pak Roy mencarimu…\" Karinnmenyerahkan walkie talkie miliknya ke Roxas, walkie talkie Roxasntertinggal di mobilnya. Roxas lalu meraihnya \"apa…?\"nTanya Roxas \"PaknRoxas, maafkan saya. Saya benar-benar minta maaf!!!\" mohon Pak Royndi dalam walkie talkie \"bukan Tom yang sakit jiwa, melainkan ASHLEYnyang positif mengalami gangguan jiwa dan dirawat selama 3 Tahun dinRSJ kota luar!!!\" Semuanyanterdiam… Roxas lalu mematikan walkie talkie itu dan menyerahkannyankembali ke Karin… \"akuntak percaya ini…\" keluh Hitomi \"tapi, lihatlah yang kamintemukan di mobil Ashley…\" Hitomindan Lumina lalu melempar suatu ke tanah… itu baju penambang danntopi lampu penambang tersebut…. Bersama plastic penuh di dalamnyanterisi kotak hati merah juga beberapa surat bertuliskan BE MINE 4nEVER dan HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY… \"suratnyang sama ketika mayat Danielle ditemukan…\" ucap Hitomi \"dannkami menemukan jantung-jantung manusia di dalam mobil Ashley… hanyankami tak berani mengeluarkannya…\" Akhirnya…npembunuh itu akhirnya ketahuan juga identitas aslinya… Tom yangnmelihat ini tak percaya \"tidak…tidak…taknmungkin dia…\" keluh Tom tak percaya melihat itu \"inilahnkebenaran Tom\" ucap Lumina \"aku pun tak percaya…\" \"semuanyanpun tak percaya\" jawab Hitomi Merekanlalu terdiam lagi... Tiba-tibanmuncul suara seseorang di jalan belakang Tom dan Roxas… Tom dannRoxas pun menoleh… \"hai…\"nsapa orang itu Itu…Ashley…ndia sambil membawa pickaxe berdarah, baju warna putih dia pun penuhncipratan darah dimana-mana… \"aku…aku membunuh HarrynWarden lagi…\" ucap Ashley sambil membawa pickaxe tersebut dengannbajunya yang penuh darah Semuanyanlalu mundur perlahan-lahan ketika melihat dia… ~nAshley FLASHBACKnKETIKA DI RUMAH HITOMI, RABU 10 FEB Ashleynsekarang berada di kamar mandi… Dia menatap wajahnya yang terpantulndi cermin… \"aku…\" Ashleynmelihat dirinya di cermin… dia melihat dirinya… sebagai penambangnitu… \"yeah…nitu aku…\" ucap Ashley \"bukan Harry Warden…\" ucap Ashleyn\"itu diriku…\" keluh Ashley \"Pembunuh penambang yang baru…\" Ashleynlalu menyentuh cermin itu… melihat bayangan penambang itu yangnterpantul di cermin… Dianlalu memukul cermin itu dengan tangannya… \"ARGHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" \"TPANGGG!!!!!!!!!\" Serpihanncermin itu berserakan kemana-mana, melukai tangan kanan Ashley…nMembuat pendarahan… Tetapi,nbayangan penambang itu masih terlihat di cermin… \"Itunaku…\" keluh Ashley FLASHBACKnKetika di rumah sakit… RABU 10 FEB Ashley,ndia menjatuhkan sebuah kotak berisi tablet obat-obatan…Dia habisnmeminum obat itu… \"Tom…?\"nheran Ashley \"ada apa…?\" Tomnhanya memandang tablet obat-obat yang berjatuhan di lantai. Ashleyndan Tom lalu memunguti tablet obat-obatan milik Ashley tersebut. \"obatnapa ini?\" Tanya Tom sambil memunguti tablet yang berjatuhan itu \"…\" Ashleyndiam saja Tomnlalu meraih tempat obat itu, itu tertulis obat penenang… \"Kaunsakit kah?\" Tanya Tom \"Tom…bisanbicarakan ini nanti saja?\" Tanya Ashley sambil memunguti beberapanobat itu dan memandang Tom \"kenapannanti?\" Tanya Tom lagi Ashleynlalu terdiam, dia hanya menghembuskan nafas lemes… \"akunpusing… stress akibat kejadian yang menimpa kita\" jawab Ashleyn\"pikiranku jadi kemana-mana…\" \"akunmengerti\" jawab Tom sambil memunguti tablet yang berjatuhan itu.nDia sambil tersenyum Tomndan Ashley lalu bangkit, seluruh tablet itu sudah tersimpan kembalindalam tempat obat Ashley… Kenyataannya… \"(Ininobatku dari rumah sakit luar kota Harmony 3 tahun lalu… rumah sakitnjiwa…)\" ucap Ashley dalam hati \"(Walaupun sekarang aku sudahnsembuh… Tetapi… aku masih merasa harus menyelesaikan hal itu…)\" ~nPembunuhan FLASHBACK… Ketikandi Hotel Cinta, Penambang itu mengejar Tom… ItunAshley. Dia datang di hotel itu ketika Tom baru sampai juga… Tetapindia belum menunjukkan dirinya. Ketika Tom sudah berada di kamarnya.nDia mulai membunuh wanita nakal itu dan supir truk itu. BersamanJamice dan anjingnya… Ashleynlalu melihat Tom keluar dari kamarnya. Entah alasannya dia ikutnmengejar Tom juga sambil membawa pickaxe-nya… Tomnlalu bersembunyi, Ashley sebenarnya tahu dia bersembunyi. Dan ketikanAshley muncul di hadapan Tom, Ashley sudah tidak memakai kostumnpenambang itu lagi. Berpura-pura dia baru saja datang dan tidak tahunapa-apa… Ketikandi Rumah Hitomi… Ashleynkeluar dari rumah, mengkhayal melihat Hitomi dan Tom sudah tewasndibunuh. Dan pas dia dikejar, sebenarnya dia tidak dikejarnsiapa-siapa. Dia mengkhayal dia dikejar… padahal dia tak dikejarnsiapa-siapa… itu imajinasinya… Ya sudah jelas, karena dia Gila,nPsikopat dan Delusional… Kenyataannya,nsetelah dia mengkhayal Hitomi dan Tom tewas. Dia ingin merencanakannsudah tuk membunuh mereka. Dia lalu berjalan ke mobilnya, mengambilnperalatan penambangnya. Penjaga malam yang lewat menghampirinya dannmenyapanya. Tetapi penjaga malam tak berdosa itu malah ikut tewasndibunuh… Dannketika sadar dan kembali masuk rumah. Tom dicegat Ashley baru masuknrumah, Ashley berpura-pura dikejar penambang tersebut. Dan melihatnpenjaga malam tewas. Fakta menunjukkan padahal dia… KetikanTom di dalam tambang bersama Ben… Ashleynsebenarnya sudah berada di dalam tambang itu duluan, menunggunkedatangan Tom… Dia lalu membunuh Ben… Ashleynjuga yang memanggil Tom dibalik masker gas yang dia gunakan… Ashleynyang mengunci Tom agar dia tak bisa keluar… Dannketika di gedung tempat kerja Danielle Sebenarnya,nAshley tak memakai baju penambang waktu itu. Dia hanya membawanpickaxe saja bersama kotak hati merah… KetikanDanielle menoleh, Ashley muncul dari pintu masuk ke lantai bawah…ndia sambil memegang pickaxe tersebut… Kenyataannya dia tak memakainkostum penambangnnya… \"sial…\" \"kaunanjing\" tunjuk Ashley \"ternyata…memang kau bukannpembunuhnya?\" Tanya Danielle \"pembunuh yang memakai seragamnpenambang itu\" \"suaminmacam apa kau? Menyiksa Lumina\" Tanya Ashley \"Lumina lebih pantasnbersamaku\" \"pembunuh dan orang pengecut sepertimu?! Huh!\"nDanielle mau tertawa mendengarnya \"jikanaku pengecut\" ucap Ashley \"sekarang kenapa aku berada didepanmunsekarang?\" Daniellenlalu melangkah mundur… Ashley mendekatinya perlahan-lahan sambilnmembawa pickaxe tersebut… \"kaunmau apa?!\" teriak Danielle \"akunkesini tuk mengantar ajalmu\" ucap Ashley \"jadi, kaunmembunuh orang-orang disini karena kau berpikir kau adalah seorangnMalaikat pencabut nyawa?!\" Tanya Danielle sambil ketawa \"akunbukan pencabut nyawa\" ucap Ashley \"aku hanya ingin menyelesaikannapa yang kuperbuat\" Ashleynitu lalu semakin mendekati Danielle, Danielle udah di ujung sisingedung… terlihat curamnya dan tingginya lantai 7 ke lantai bawah… \"huh…!\" Daniellenlalu menoleh lagi… Ashley sudah berada di depannya… \"tpak…\" Tetapindia menjatuhkan pickaxe tersebut ke lantai. Sekarang dia tidaknbersenjatakan apa-apa… \"Untuknkau aku kasih sedikit bonus\" ucap Ashley tersenyum jahat Daniellentiba-tiba terpeleset, dia lalu mulai terjatuh. Tetapi Ashley memegangntangannya dan menahannya \"sekarang?!nKenapa kau menolongku?!\" Tanya Danielle \"siapanbilang aku kan menolongmu?\" Tanya Ashley dingin Ashleynlalu memasukan sesuatu ke baju Danielle… itu adalah kotak berbentuknhati merah berisi cokelat dan surat itu… \"HappynValentine's Day\" Ashleynlalu melepas genggaman Danielle… Danielle lalu terjatuh… Ashleynlalu berdiri… melihat dan mendengar Danielle yang terjatuh ke tanahndari lantai 7 \"GEDEBUAK!!!!\" Disini,nbisa dibilang…Danielle terjatuh sendiri… KetikanDi Restoran Hitomi… Ashleynjuga yang membunuh Kaya, dia yang hampir membunuh Hitomi. Tetapinuntunglah Hitomi masih bisa diselamatkan oleh Karin… Dannwaktu dia dikejar… dia mengkhayal kembali… Kenyataanya,ndia masih memakai baju penambang itu ketika berjalan ke mobilnya. Dannpickaxe yang menancap di kaca depan mobilnya itu adalah perbuatan diansendiri memacul kaca mobilnya sendiri tanpa alasan yang jelas… Ashleynyang membunuh wanita nakal itu… Ashleynyang membunuh supir truk itu… Ashleynyang membunuh Jamice bersama anjingnya… Ashleynyang membunuh penjaga malam… Ashleynyang membunuh Ben… Ashleynyang membunuh Danielle… Ashleynyang membunuh Kaya… Ashleynyang membunuh ayah Tom… Ashleynyang membunuh Rika… Ashleynyang membunuh Polisi Senior Jim… Semuanorang itu…Ashley yang membunuhnya… dengan memakai kostumnpenambang terdahulu Harry Warden. Dengan cara membunuh yang sama.nJadi beranggapan bahwa Harry Warden masih hidup… Tapi,nkemanakan mayat Harry Warden jika begitu? Kenapa tidak ada dintempatnya…? FLASHBACK… Minggun7 FEB 2010 pagi hari… Ashleynberada di hutan tempat Harry Warden dikubur… Dia sambil membawansekop… \"akunmembunuhmu\" ucap Ashley \"tetapi, ada satu kisah baru… yangnkembali setelah 6 tahun lalu. Kisah baru yang tak terlanjutkan 6ntahun lalu…\" Ashleynlalu menggali kuburan Harry Warden itu, memindahkan mayatnya ke suatuntempat… Dia lalu melihat masker gas penambang itu… \"Sebuahnkisah baru yang bersambung 6 tahun lalu…\" ucap Ashley sambilntersenyum jahat \"Kembali dimulai\" Ashley sambil memakai maskerngas penambang tersebut Ashleynlalu mengambil pickaxe yang terdapat disitu… Di kepala dia sambilnterdengar kata-kata ~nSelesaikan apa yang kau mulai Kembalinke sekarang… Dintambang Hanniger… Semuanyansekarang menatap Ashley… semuanya jelas… Ashley… \"yeah…\"nucap Ashley yang bajunya berlumuran darah juga wajahnya. Dia sambilnmemegang pickaxe berdarah tersebut \"kenapankau lakukan ini Ashley…?\" Tanya Lumina sambil mau menangis… \"akuningin menyelesaikan…apa yang ku mulai\" jawab Ashley sambilnmemegang erat pickaxe tersebut \"kaunhabis membunuh pak Jim bukan…?\" Tanya Lumina \"hanya dengannmemakai baju itu…?\" Tanya Lumina \"dan topeng…\" Semuanyanterdiam… \"itundarah Pak Jim bukan…?\" Tanya Lumina lagi \"Apanyang kau mulai Ash?\" Tanya Roxas siaga sambil menatap Ashley… \"Kisahndari 6 tahun lalu…\" jawab Ashley \"kisah yang terputus… akunharus menselesaikannya\" Tomnlalu teringat sesuatu… \"Yeah,nsekarang Harry Warden berada dalam tubuh bocah ini\" ucap Roxasnsambil mau tertawa DugaannRoxas dan Tom pun salah… Roxas yang sedang asik menuduh Tom sebagainpelaku. Sedangkan Ashley memancing Tom dan meyakinkannya Roxas adalahnpelakunya. Roxas dan Tom pun saling menuduh. Berubah menjadi mainannAshley… \"Akunkira tidak\" geleng Tom mendengar Roxas Tomnlalu melihat Ashley… \"kaunmemang… kau memang sengaja membunuh orang Ash\" ucap Tomntergagap-gagap \"karena… kau terobsesi dengan kisah yang kaunbuat…\" ucap Tom \"korban pertamamu adalah Harry…. Lalu kaunberlanjut… kau jadi menyukainya… Itulah mengapa…. Sekarang akunmengerti…\" keluh Tom \"Arti kata-katamu, SELESAIKAN APA YANGnKUPERBUAT\" \"apa…?!\"nTanya Yuki \"kisah…kisahnapa?!\" Tanya Hitomi \"Dianyang membuat Kisah ini… Dia yang beranggapan… Kisah ini sebagainfilm… film dan cerita…\" ucap Tom \"Itulah, dia inginnmenyelesaikan kisah ini\" ucap Tom \"yaitu membunuh habis kitansemua yang berada disini…\" Tomnteringat sebuah kisah yang dibuat Ashley di laptopnya waktu itu.nKisah yang dari pengalaman Ashley dan yang lain 6 tahun lalu… Dianyang membunuh Harry… Kisah yang percis mirip dengan yang semuanyanrasakan… \"Ashley…nKau membunuh orang… karena terobsesi tuk menyelesaikan ceritamu…\"nucap Tom Tiba-tibanAshley bertepuk tangan… \"ploknplok plok\" Ashleynsambil tersenyum jahat… \"bagus…bagus…!!!\"nucap Ashley sambil mau tertawa \"Kalian berhasil!!!\" teriak Ashley Semuanyanlalu bersiaga melihat dan mendengar Ashley… \"tapinsatu hal\" tahan Ashley \"Aku serius mencintaimu Tom\" ucap Ashleyn\"dan aku serius mencintaimu juga Lumina\" ucap Ashley sambilnmenyiapkan pickaxe-nya \"Akunjuga Ash\" jawab Tom \"tapi tidak seperti ini\" \"akunbegitu\" ikut Lumina \"tapi… kau sekarang berubah… menjadinpsikopat…\" \"kenapa?\"nTanya Ashley \"inilah diriku\" ucap Ashley \"tapi…sayang, akunharus menyelesaikan apa yang kumulai\" Ashleyntiba-tiba mulai membabi buta ke arah Tom cepat sekali \"ARGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!\" Ashleynmengayunkan pickaxe-nya kearah Tom. Tetapi ditahan Roxas… \"Ashley!!!\"nteriak Roxas Roxasndan Tom lalu berusaha merebut pickaxe yang dipegang Ashley. TetapinAshley adalah lelaki kuat dan cepat. Dia lalu menunduk, dia kemudiannmelukai bahu Roxas \"TBRETTTT!!!!!!\" \"ARGHHH!!!!!!!\" \"ROXAS!!!\"nPanggil Yuki \"Yuki,nKarin! Bawa Roxas! Biar aku yang selesaikan Ashley!!!\" ucap Tomnsambil menahan Ashley Yukindan Karin lalu mengangguk, mereka berdua lau membawa Roxas pergi darinsitu. Mengikuti Lumina dan Hitomi yang sudah duluan pergi… \"Tom!!!nIni!!!!\" teriak Karin Karinnmelemparkan pistol ke Tom. Tom lalu berhasil meraihnya. Dia lalunmenyimpannya di kantongnya. Tomnlalu mendorong Ashley ke dinding, Dia lalu berhasil merebut pickaxenAshley. Tetapi Ashley langsung memukul dia… \"BUAKKK!!!!\" MemukulnTom terus… \"BUAK!!!nTBUAKKK!!!!\" Tomnlalu menendang perut Ashley… \"TBUAKKk!!!\" Ashleynsekarang tercegat, Tom lalu memukul Ashley… \"TBUAKK!!!!nBUAKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" KetikanTom hendak memukul Ashley lagi, dia terdiam… \"…\" Adanperasaan yang menahan Tom tuk memukul Ashley lagi ketika melihatnwajahnya…. \"Tom…\"nkeluh Ashley ikut melihat Tom Tiba-tibanAshley mengambil pickaxe Tom, dan melukainya di pinggulnya \"TBRETTT!!!\" \"ARghhh!!!!\" Darahnpun bermuncratan, Tom pun terjatuh ke tanah. Dia sambil merangkaknmundur menjauhi Ashley yang sekarang berdiri mendekatinya sambilnmembawa pickaxe… \"Tom…\"npanggil Ashley Tomnterpojok, dia tak bisa menjauhi Ashley lagi… Tiba-tiba Ashleynmemegang kerah bajunya dan membuat Tom berdiri… \"kau…\"ngeram Ashley \"grrr…grrrrr….!!!\" Ashleynlalu mencekik Tom kuat sekali… Tom lalu berusaha meraih pistol yangndia simpan di sakunya. Tetapi Ashley keburu mengetahuinya dannmerebutnya. Dia lalu melemparnya… Pistolnitu lalu terlempar ke tanah, tepat berada di kaki seseorang. Itunternyata Lumina… \"Lu...Lu…mina…!!!\"nTom sambil kesakitan dicekik Luminanlalu meraih pistol tersebut… dia menodongkannya ke Ashley \"kaunserius akan menembaku Lumina?\" Tanya Ashley sambil mencekik Tomnkeras sekali Tomnsudah mau kehabisan nafas… Lumina tampak ragu menembak Ashley,ntapi dia tak tahan melihat Tom yang sekarang lagi tercegat juga. Dianpun sebentar lagi akan tewas… \"Ohntuhan…Ashley!!!\" \"TBANGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Luminanlalu menekan pelatuk… peluru itu melesat… tak mengenai Ashley…ntetap mengenai mesin pipa gas di samping Ashley yang tak begitu jauh… \"KRAKKK!!!!\" Mesinnpipa gas pun bocor… gas pun keluaran… Ashley yang terkejutnmenoleh, melepaskan cekikan Tom. Tom lalu langsung berlari menariknLumina… Gas pun mulai memercikan api… dan meledak… \"TBUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!\" \"ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"nTeriak Ashley Ledakannitu membuat tambang itu bergetar, dan terjadi sedikit gempa yangnmenyebabkan tambang itu runtuh. Ashley terlempar akibat api ledakanngas itu… Tetapinsyukurlah, Tom dan Lumina keburu melarikan diri ke sisi tempat lain,nmenjauh dari ledakan tersebut… Keesokannharinya… SABTUn13 FEB 2010 gerimis Polisi,nPetugas Ambulance, Pemadam kebakaran dan petugas lainnya bermunculan.nMereka semua sekarang sedang mengevakuasi tempat itu… Roxasnsekarang sedang mau dibawa ke ambulance, dia sekarang terbaring dinranjang geser yang biasa untuk membawa orang… Roy sekarang sedangnmenanyai Tom, Lumina, Hitomi, Yuki dan Karin… \"Ya,nya\" ucap Yuki ke polisi Roy \"kaminakan mengurusnya, kalian sudah aman\" ucap Roy ke Yuki dan yang lain PolisinRoy pun pergi… Semuanya lalu melihat Roxas… terkecuali Tom… \"Roxas…\"nkeluh Yuki \"Yuki…\"nRoxas melihat Yuki Yukinmemeluk kakaknya… \"akunmenyayangimu…\" keluh Yuki terharu sambil memeluk kakaknya yangnterbaring lemas \"akunmenyayangimu juga\" ucap Roxas menepuk punggung Yuki \"yang lainnbagaimana?\" \"kaminselamat\" tersenyum Hitomi Lumina,nKarin, Hitomi dan Yuki tersenyum… Roxas lalu berkata \"mananHanniger…?\" Luminanlalu mencari Tom, dia hanya menjauh… Lumina lalu menariknya kendekat Roxas… \"Hanniger…\"npanggil Roxas \"yeah?\"njawab Tom \"maafkannaku\" ucap Roxas sepatah Tomnhanya tersenyum… Roxas lalu dibawa pergi ke mobil ambulance. Tomndan yang lain lalu melihat Ashley sekarang diamankan… Ashleynkedua tangannya sambil diborgol… dia ternyata masih selamat setelahnledakan itu. Dia diamankan oleh polisi Roy dan beberapa polisinlainnya… \"sampainsekarang, aku masih tak percaya\" keluh Hitomi \"yangnkutahu, dia anak yang baik\" ucap Karin \"kenapa bisa sampainbegitu…?\" Semuanyanlalu melihat Tom dan Lumina… \"entahlah\" jawab Tom dannLumina serentak \"tapinyang kutahu\" ucap Lumina \"dia sekarang menjadi mesin pembunuh…\" Semuanyanlalu melihat Ashley masuk ke dalam mobil polisi, Ashley juga melihatnmereka dengan tatapan kosong. Ashley sekarang di belakang mobil masihnmenoleh kebelakang… memandang Tom… \"…Ashley…\"npanggil Tom pelan Ashleyndi dalam mobil hanya tersenyum melihat Tom dan yang lain, mobilnpolisi itu pun berjalan pergi. Meninggalkan tempat itu… Tomndan yang lain sekarang kembali dievakuasi… mereka sekaligus diobatinjuga… Tomnsekarang diobati oleh beberapa pegawai ambulance… \"mas,ntidak apa-apa mas?\" Tanya pegawai ambulance 01 \"terimankasih\" jawab Tom \"sudah agak baikan\" Well,nluka Tom tidak terlalu parah di bagian pinggul dia ketika dibacoknAshley. Tom tiba-tiba melihat seseorang di keramaian dan kesibukanntempat itu… \"huh…?\" Orangnitu hanya tersenyum, dia sambil memakai masker gas. Sambil membawanpickaxe… Tom menjadi semakin penasaran dan bingung… Ashley tadinkan sudah dibawa oleh polisi Roy dan beberapa polisi lainnya.nSiapakah orang dibalik masker gas itu…? \"…\" Orangnitu membuka masker gasnya… betapa terkejutnya Tom. Dia cowoknberambut blonde. Bermata biru. Dia benar-benar mirip sekali dengannAshley. Hanya dia berambut blonde. Dia sambil tersenyum dengannmemegang pickaxenya. Sosok orang itu benar-benar mirip sekali dengannAshley. Dia sambil melambaikan tangan ke Tom… \"…\" Tomnterdiam… melihat sosok lelaki itu… Minggun14 FEB. Valentine's Day Pagi Hari Dinrumah sakit jiwa diluar kota Harmony. Rumah sakit jiwa dimana Ashleyndulu dirawat Ashleynsekarang berada di kamar sakit jiwa-nya dulu. Dia sedang mengetiknsesuatu di laptopnya yang tergeletak di meja… Seorangndokter pun menghampirinya… \"hainnak\" sapa seorang dokter psikiater muncul di pintunkamarnya\"bagaimana keadaanmu?\" Ashleyndiam saja, terus mengetik…. Dia lalu berkata \"akhirnyankau bertanya\" jawab Ashley Diantiba-tiba berhenti mengetik… Dia sepertinya sudah menyelesaikannketikannya \"dokter…\"npanggil Ashley \"aku sudah menyelesaikan apa yang kuperbuat\" jawabnAshley Dokternitu terdiam. Dia lalu pergi meninggalkan Ashley Jadi…nSepertinya kisah Ashley sudah selesai… Ashley lalu bangkit darinkursinya. Dia kemudian berjalan mendekati jendela. Melihat keluar… \"huh…\"nkeluh Ashley sambil melihat keluar jendela \"akhirnya…\" KotanHarmony… Siang hari… Tomnsekarang berada di taman… Dia bersama Roxas, Lumina, Yuki dannHitomi. Mereka sekarang sedang asik menikmati hari valentine sambilnbersenang-senang dan mengobrol… Merekansepertinya sudah lupa dengan kejadian kemarin… \"hahahahaha!!!\"nketawa Tom \"capeknngurusin kamu!\" bete Yuki, dia dikerjai Tom melulu \"Ayolah,nsenyum\" Tom berusaha membuat Yuki tertawa \"snrk…!!!\"nTetapi Hitomi yang mau ketawa panjang lebar \"awas,nada hyenas gila\" tunjuk Roxas \"haha!\" Tiba-tibanpolisi Karin datang… \"maafkannaku mengganggu\" keluh Karin \"ohnKarin, ada apa?\" Tanya Roxas \"seseorangnmemberikanku ini\" ucap Karin sambil menunjukkan sesuatu Itunadalah kotak cokelat bentuk hati merah tersebut. Kotak cokelat yangnpersis mirip dengan milik Ashley terdahulu. Semuanya terdiam… \"huh…?\" Tomnlalu meraih kotak cokelat itu, dan dia membuka suratnya ~nDear Tom and everyone EvennI was a pyscopath or brutal killer, I still need love too. Especiallynfor Tom and Lumina. No Me Without You. Andnof course, BE MINE 4 EVER please…? Happy Valentines's Day FromnAshley Semuanyanlalu terdiam. Pandangan sekarang menuju ke kotak cokelat berbentuknhati warna merah tersebut. Semuanya penasaran dan gugup apa isindalamnya… \"…\" Tomnlalu membuka kotak isi cokelat tersebut… isinya… \"cokelat\"nucap Tom Cokelatnbiasa… yang sepertinya buatan Ashley sendiri di rumah sakit jiwa… Sorenhari… Dinrumah sakit tempat Ashley dirawat… Harinini jam beristirahat, Ashley sekarang berada di taman rumah sakitnitu. Dia duduk di suatu kursi. Tepat di sampingnya ada buku sketsandengan pensil dan penghapus. Dia sepertinya habis menggambar… Dinsekitar taman itu, terdapat bunga mawar biru dan merah mekar…nSeseorang lalu memetik mawar biru dan merah tersebut… Dianlalu menghampiri Ashley… \"Kaunpilih yang mana diantara mawar ini?\" Tanya orang itu Ashleynlalu menoleh, itu Tom. Di tangan kirinya terdapat mawar merah. Lalundi tangan kanannya terdapat mawar biru \"akunpilih warna biru\" ucap Ashley melihat Tom Tomnlalu memberikan mawar biru itu ke Ashley… \"dengannbegitu, mawar merah ini tidak dimiliki siapa-siapa\" ucap Tom Ashleynlalu terdiam… dia memandang mawar biru itu… Dia tiba-tiba berkata \"kunpikir tidak…\" keluh Ashley Tomnlalu histeris… \"maksudmu?\"nTanya Tom \"Mawarnmerah itu ada yang memiliknya\" ucap Ashley \"pasti ada\" Tomnterdiam mendengar Ashley, Ashley hanya menatap tajam dirinya sambilnmemegang mawar biru itu keras sekali. Membuat tangan dia berdarah… Dinbuku sketsa gambar yang Ashley gambar… Adangambar lelaki berambut hitam… dia membawa pickaxe… tetapi…diantak sendiri, dia bersama lelaki berambut blonde… yang ikut membawanpickaxe… \"kalaunkubilang, aku memang sudah menyelesaikan apa yang kuperbuat\" ucapnAshley \"tapi bagaimana jika ada yang memulainya kembali?\" TanyanAshley ke Tom sambil melihatnya. Ashley hanya tersenyum… Tom taknmengerti arti senyuman Ashley… Tapi yang jelas dia tahu, dannmengerti. Apa maksud Ashley… Apa…nAshley tak sendirian…? Namun,npada akhirnya, misteri pembunuhan valentine di kota Harmony terkuaknsudah. Sang pembunuh terobsesi dengan kisah yang dia buat sejak dianpertama kali membunuh pembunuh si Harry Warden dahulu… Dannsekarang, dia tertangkap. Kisah ini selesai dengan satu kata… TAMAT CREDITS -AARPnCharacters- TomnHannigerPhobos_Jensen Ashley NicholasAraginYamato (Ash) LuminanSilvermanLumina Silverman YukinPalmerYurrei Shouji RoxasnPalmerRoxas_Zero_Knightler (Reis) HitominFuyukoriYukiko_Tatsumi KarinKarinnItako RoyAlexnRegaliano -BasednFrom The Original Story- MYnBLOODY VALENTINE 3D -SomenScene taken from- THEnUNINVITED InKNOW WHO KILLED ME -SpecialnThanks- TonEveryone who reviews my fanfic^^ ","Summary":" Another Destruction WARNING PARENTAL GUIDANCE DISCLAIMER Kisah saya yang baru ini mungkin akan mema"},{"Movie":"Chappie","Title":"Unexpected","Author":"DauntlessErudite29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11397820","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Unexpected Summary: Chappie saving Deon's life and putting his consciousness into a robot body had to be the most unexpected of everything that had happened to Deon since he created Chappie. But he'd also not expected that, after almost constant fighting with Chappie, that they'd now have a bond stronger than Deon had ever shared with anyone. Rated: K+ (Rating may change later) Genre(s): Family, Friendship, Hurt/Comfort Warning(s): None (May change later) Tetravaal closed in ten minutes. Upon returning home, Deon had been too exhausted after the day he'd had to realize their problem. But Chappie, damn smart robot that he was, noticed quickly that they had no other batteries to support them. They'd be screwed in days if they didn't get any. Deon had wanted to sit down on the couch in his new robot body and rest, but Chappie had taken his hands and said, \"Maker! We need a lot of extra batteries for us, or we'll die in days!\" Deon shot up off the couch after that, realizing that Chappie was totally right. He drove them to Tetravaal with Ninja's van, leaving the poor man to mourn Yolandi and Amerika in peace. Now, Chappie and Deon climbed quickly out of the van and snuck into the room that Deon had died in. Deon looked over at the chair he'd been in and saw that his dead body was no longer there. There was still some blood, though. He regarded the chair with a sort of inexplicable sadness. He was alive. He should be grateful to Chappie. And he was, of course, it was just- \"Maker? It'll be okay.\" Chappie squeezed his shoulder reassuringly, but removed his hand when they heard footsteps. \"Someone's coming, hurry!\" Deon whispered, pulling Chappie into a small hiding place. They had to scoot in under a table, where they pressed together awkwardly. Deon couldn't remember being this close to Chappie before, but he was comfortable. \"Deon, I didn't mean when I told you I hate you,\" Chappie whispered as people finished up in the office. Hurry , Deon thought desperately. We need those batteries . To Chappie, he whispered back, \"Well, that's good.\" \"I was upset.\" Chappie seemed to hesitate, then took Deon's hand and Deon gasped in surprise but squeezed Chappie's hand tightly. \"I love you, maker.\" Shock instantly filled Deon and then a warmth stirred inside him. \"I love you, too, Chapps. A lot, you understand?\" Chappie nodded. \"Just wanted you to know, Deon.\" Deon knew if he could have cried, he'd be in tears. He pulled Chappie close and the younger robot rested his head on Deon's shoulder. They hugged tightly, their bond stronger than it had ever been. The two had yet to notice that they were alone in the room, and could go out and find their batteries. Deon wondered what people would think if they were found right now, two robots cuddling in a weapons factory. He almost laughed at the thought. They were supposed to be looking for batteries. The batteries. \"Chappie, we forgot the batteries! We have to hurry,\" Deon reminded him. Reluctantly, they pulled away from each other and crawled out from under the table. They rounded the corner and were quick about finding spare batteries and returning home. Neither of them mentioned the sweet moment they had shared together in the factory. The car ride home was actually kind of awkward. Deon had been so obsessed with his work that he couldn't remember the last time he'd shared a sentimental moment like that with someone. Of course, he'd had his moments with Chappie, but nothing like that. That had been the first time they had said they loved each other. Deon couldn't believe he had taken this long. He'd been an idiot. But it felt so wonderful, having felt their love for each other in that moment. Deon wanted that moment back. He reached over as they pulled up at home and squeezed Chappie's hand lovingly. Deon wanted to smile at him, but he couldn't with his new robot body. Sighing inside, he got out of the car and they returned home. \"Chappie?\" he said when they were inside. \"Er - where am I going to sleep?\" \"You can sleep with me, Maker.\" Chappie took his hand and pulled him to the bed where he had slept before. They got in bed and Deon pulled the blankets over them. Chappie curled up against him, and Deon wanted to smile at his robot, but he couldn't. It was kind of frustrating. \"Good night, Deon.\" \"Good night, Chapps.\" Deon did his best to press a kiss to Chappie's head as he fell asleep. Over the next few days, Deon tried his best to strengthen his bond with Chappie even more. They'd been so busy fighting, and spitting hateful words at each other, but they definitely made up for that. Deon showed Chappie a bunch of movies all day, and they snuggled together on the couch, holding hands. Chappie had yet to say \"I love you\" again, though, so Deon was first to bring it up after awhile. Deon missed the closeness he'd felt with Chappie in the factory. \"Chappie,\" Deon said halfway through one movie. He paused the movie and turned to Chappie, squeezing his hand. \"You know I meant it when I told you I love you, right?\" \"I know, Deon. I meant it, too.\" \"Good.\" Deon stroked his fingers gently and Chappie rested his forehead against Deon's. Deon sighed happily, and they stayed like that for a long time. Of course that was when Ninja decided to make his first appearance in several days. He took one look at the two robots and said, \"That's so not gangsta.\" AN: I am going to make this a multi-chapter story so I will update soon :) Please review and let me know what you thought. Should I continue?[Chapter 2] AN: Thank you guys so much for all the reviews I have gotten on this story! I haven't been on Fanfiction for the past few days because I have actually been auditioning for The Voice all day today...I unfortunately didn't get past the first round, but it has been an insanely crazy weekend, and both my dog and I managed to get sick on the trip (I'll leave out the gross details, haha). But since you all have said such kind things about my story, I decided I'd stay up a little later and finish this chapter :) I was honestly surprised about how many great reviews I have gotten. Hope you guys like it! Toshi Neku: Thank you so much! And yes, I think Deon and Chappie are absolutely adorable, they did not get nearly enough screen time together. One of the things I always worry about while writing fanfiction is that I always get everyone OOC, so I'm glad that you thought I captured their relationship well. TheForgotten: Thank you, I'm so glad you like it! Here's an update for you :) Neko-chan: There have been so few stories written about Deon and Chappie, so I thought I'd add one to the small fandom. Hopefully the Chappie fandom will get larger soon Fabiiianaaa: I'm so glad you like my story so much! :) That means a lot, here is an update for you \"Maker!\" Chappie screamed as Deon slumped in the chair, dying. There was so much blood. Chappie couldn't stand it, and he knew he couldn't let Deon die. But Deon's eyes fluttered closed and he took quick, gasping breaths. \"Deon!\" \"Get out of here, Chappie,\" Deon said. \"Just save yourself.\" \"I won't let you die-\" Chappie shot straight up in bed. He sighed in relief when he realized it was just a dream. Then he looked over at the bed and saw that Deon wasn't beside him as he usually was. \"Maker!\" He ran towards the living room and almost smacked into Deon, who was on his way back to bed. It was early in the morning, not yet light out. \"Chappie?\" Deon gripped his shoulders. \"Are you okay?\" Chappie threw his arms around him in a hug so tight that it would have squished any human. \"You're alive,\" Chappie gasped out. \"Of course I'm alive,\" Deon reassured him, hugging him back. \"Chappie, what's going on?\" \"I had a dream I - I didn't save you in time-\" Chappie clung to Deon like he would never let him go. \"Oh, Chapps...\" Deon pulled back. \"I'm fine. See?\" \"I love you, Deon!\" Chappie's face was pressed into Deon's neck and his maker held him tight. Deon's hand moved to the back of Chappie's head. \"I love you very much, Chappie.\" He pulled back and smiled. \"Let's go back to bed. It's early.\" Chappie didn't fall back asleep, but Deon did. He lay there in Deon's arms as his maker slept. If he lost Deon, he'd never be able to bear it. He loved him so much. He moved his hand down to Deon's side where his maker's hand rested. He laced their fingers together, filled with relief now that his maker was here beside him, alive and healthy. Chappie thought that he was doing a pretty good job of keeping Deon alive. When Chappie did sleep, his dreams was free of nightmares. A couple of hours later he woke up beside Deon, who was already awake and reading a book. Chappie loved and admired how nerdy Deon was. His maker smiled when he noticed Chappie awake. \"Morning, sleepyhead.\" Chappie decided not to mention that he'd laid awake for a while watching Deon sleep, protecting him. He was a little bit embarrassed. \"You slept longer than I did, maker,\" he noted. Deon laughed, which cheered Chappie up. \"Well, since we're both awake now, I have a surprise for you,\" he said. \"What is it, maker?\" \"We're going camping.\" Chappie considered this. He didn't know what camping was, he realized. \"What is camping?\" \"It's a great bonding experience, and I think it will be for us,\" Deon told him. \"It's when people go on a a vacation in the woods and they either stay in a cabin, or a trailer, or a tent - we'll be staying in a tent - and do fun activities like swimming, and fishing, and hiking. And sleeping outside.\" \"Isn't that dangerous, maker?\" \"Not with me there to keep you safe.\" Chappie's heart fluttered at the words, and he felt as close to Deon as he did in the factory. Deon's voice was soft, and Chappie shyly took his hand, feeling slightly embarrassed. \"So, we're leaving soon.\" Deon cleared his throat and let go of Chappie's hand. \"Start getting ready, okay?\" \"Okay, maker.\" Deon left the room, probably to get ready himself. Chappie heard voices and when he was ready, he went out to the car, where Deon waited. \"Ready?\" Deon asked him. \"Yes, Chappie's ready. Chappie's excited to go camping.\" \"Good! Let's hit the road.\" Deon climbed in the front seat and they drove off. They made great time and with little traffic, just one accident that held them up for barely twenty minutes. About an hour and fifteen minutes later, they arrived at the campsite. No one was staying here, it was just them, and Chappie instantly felt the mood change, although he wasn't sure what it was. \"You want to help me pitch the tent, Chappie?\" Deon asked him as they drove up. \"Okay, maker.\" It sounded fun and exciting. Setting up the tent was, in fact, anything but fun and exciting. It was hard, stressful work, and definitely preventing Chappie and Deon from doing any sort of bonding. They had a few arguments about where to put what - and how to tie the knots on the tent. By the time they finally got it set up, they were both panting from exhaustion. \"Chappie, I told you, three times, to do it this way and you didn't listen!\" Deon exclaimed, clearly annoyed. Hurt, Chappie said, \"I'm sorry, Deon.\" Deon sighed. \"Me, too,\" he said. \"I don't want to fight.\" They hugged and quickly made up, and while they went hiking, they walked down the path holding hands, pressing close to each other as it got darker. Chappie didn't want to admit it to Deon, but he was a little scared of the woods - they were too mysterious. When night fell, they headed back and built a fire. \"So, Chappie, do you like camping so far?\" Deon asked. \"It's fun,\" Chappie said. \"The woods are scary, though.\" Deon patted his knee. \"Don't worry,\" he told Chappie. \"You're safe with me.\" Again, Chappie felt kind of embarrassed. \"I should be the one keeping you safe,\" said Chappie. \"Don't worry, Chappie,\" Deon said. \"You aren't as scary as Ninja.\" It took a few moments for Chappie's mind to process that. \"Deon, did you and Ninja fight this morning?\" he asked I heard raised voices.\" Deon didn't respond. \" This is why you took me camping,\" Chappie realized with horror. \"So you could get away from Daddy! You didn't care about spending time with me!\" Incredibly hurt, Chappie got up and stormed off. \"Chappie!\" Deon called after him, following him. \"Chappie, wait, of course not!\" \"Really, maker? Would you have gotten the idea if you and him hadn't fought?\" More silence. \"No. Of course not.\" They had a pretty ugly fight. Some things were said that Chappie needed to get out, but he also wished he could take him back. \"I...I hate you,\" Chappie practically spat in Deon's face. \"I hate you, Deon!\" \"Chappie...\" Deon's voice broke as he followed Chappie down the path. \"Chappie, please get back here, we need to-\" And that was when Deon slipped and fell, and Chappie heard the twisting of Deon's metal robot arm from a few feet down the path. Chappie was so disappointed in himself. \"I'm so sorry, Deon!\" Chappie kept apologizing. His maker's arm had bent in an unnatural way, and Chappie had carried Deon back to the campsite and propped him against a tree as he put Deon's arm in the best sling that he could, until they returned home. \"And you have been ,\" Deon insisted, taking both of Chappie's hands in his own. \"You've saved my life, Chappie, several times. If it weren't for you, I'd be dead this second. Come on, Chappie, that's...I can't even...You always insist on doing nothing but protect me, but let me protect you for a change, because I haven't done a very good job of it so far. I've never been a father before, Chappie, but I'm going to start being a better one.\" Deon's words broke Chappie's heart. \"No, maker...I didn't mean it earlier when I said I hate you.\" He squeezed Deon's non-injured hand tightly. \"I love you. I'll never stop loving you, and I'll never stop protecting you either.\" \"I love you so much.\" Deon gave him a one-armed hug that Chappie returned with both arms. He pulled Deon close, burying his face in his maker's shoulder. \"We'll keep each other safe, all right?\" \"Okay, maker.\" Chappie pulled him closer and didn't say anything else for a long time, they just held each other. They spent the night cuddling in the tent, and headed home the next morning, after a successful camping trip. ","Summary":" Title: Unexpected Summary: Chappie saving Deon's life and putting his consciousness into a robot bo"},{"Movie":"Eastern Promises","Title":"A mark for life NikolaiAnna","Author":"Young Writter at Large","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7897019","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anna sat in the hotel room. Quarter to eight in the evening. He would be here in five minutes. Why? Because she had to know… Know what? Everything. Who was he? Why did he help her? Why is he still in the vory v zakone? One month has passed since he left her with Christine standing in front of the Thames. And as that month passed her curiosity grew. But somewhere there was that nagging feeling that she didn't care about who he was. The feeling that all she wanted was to see him one more time. About a week ago she wandered at the bar beside the Trans-Siberian . She didn't know why but something told her that perhaps there was that slightest chance in finding him there. And two days ago she did. She was sitting at the bar stand sipping herbeer slowly. He she heard the door creek open. Someone came towards the bar stand at sat beside her. The deep Russian accent ordered 30gramms of vodka. Her breath froze. It was him . She slowly turned around saw that he was already looking at her. Taking the vodka he quickly gulped it down and brought his kerchief to his mouth. He then took a deep breath and looking at Anna again said, \"Hello, Anna Ivanovna.\" Taking the beads from his jacket pocket he started flipping them again. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Nothing. I just came in for a drink.\" \"This is nowhere close to your home or the hospital…\" \"I might have come to see you…\" \"Well I'm here. Anything you wanted to ask me?\" \"Well,\" she sighed, \"yes.\" He looked at her and the expression told her to continue. \"Who are you, really?\" \"I'm just the driver.\" He said with a slight curl on his lips. \"I don't believe you.\" She pushed further. \"That's your problem, not mine.\" She looked at him with a face that meant she was going to find out the truth sooner or later. He smirked and laughed. He emptied another glass of vodka and putting away the beads studied her closely. \"If you want to continue the interrogation later then I suggest a better place than a bar.\" \"Ok. If it means I will get the answers to my questions, fine! Where and when?\" \"Thursday at the Plaza Hotel. About quarter to eight. I'll send you the room-key tomorrow. I will have business before that but I should arrive by that time.\" Paying the bill he put on his glasses and went out. Why did she ever agree to this? The door creaked open. She stood up. Nikolai came in and took off his sunglasses. He studied her. \"Well. What did you want to know?\" he took a step closer. She took a step back. He stopped and took out a cigarette. \"Who are you for the vory v zakone ?\" \"Just a driver…\" \"Is that why you were nearly killed? Just because you're a driver?\" \"It is.\" She looked confused. \"I was almost killed just because of that fact. Because I am no-one, where as their intended victim was someone of a higher rank than me. The killers didn't know what the person looked like, so I was pointed out to them.\" \"And you still continue to work for them!\" \"Why not? I cannot prove that it was them who showed me to the bastards and if I am to leave then I'll get killed.\" Her face softened, but just a bit. \"If I were you, Anna Ivanovna, I would keep away from people like me. For your own safety.\" \"I go where I want and with whom I want.\" \"Kak pojelaesh!\" Anna looked at him. \"As you wish! Anything else? I still have to send a customer to Ireland.\" \"What?\" \"The vory v zakone want a certain man to be dead and I am to send him to heaven anyway I can. But I think that Ireland might be better for him…\" he turned round and walked towards the door. \"Wait!\" she said. He turned again and came towards her. This time she let him come as close as he wanted. He took up one of her hands in his. \"Anna Ivanovna! I do not want you to have anything to do with a man with such marks on his hands. Your hands are clean and should stay that way.\" He leaned towards her slowly. She, amazingly for him, didn't step back. Slowly he placed a kiss on her lips. \"That will be yours for whatever time you wish it to be. And for that time, keep away from them and me…\" He left the room. When she came home her mother handed her a letter. \"A police officer delivered it. Do you know what's in it?\" she questioned her daughter. \"Not a foggiest idea…\"she said slowly as she opened it. She froze in mid-step. And let her back rest on the wall. Her eyes scanned through the letter further and further amazement came onto her face. \"They've arrested Semyon. The father of Christine I mean.\" Her voice was shaken. \"They want me to be a witness against him at the listening of the case at court.\" \"When is it?\" her mother asked. \"This Sunday.\" She turned her gaze to her mother. \"How come you're so calm?\" \"Why shouldn't I be? They've arrested a criminal. It's how it is meant to be.\" With that she went into the kitchen to make tea. Anna glanced at the note again. There were a few lines hand-written at the bottom. My dear Anna Ivanovna, I highly advise you to keep out of the Trans-Siberian restaurant area before the listening and possibly move out of London all together for your own safety. I think it is needless to say, that because you might give the deciding evidence you might be wanted to be seen with a bullet in your head. Yours truly, Nikolai Luzhin. This made her even more confused. Who was Nikolai Luzhin, that he worked for the Russian mafia, but wanted her out of harms way. And how did he appear in this official document? Her mother came and took the letter from her. Anna still stared into nothingness. \"Who's Nikolai Luzhin?\" she asked. \"Anna?\" \"Hmm? What?\" Anna asked. \"Nikolai Luzhin. Who is he?\" getting no response she continued, \"Is he their driver? Anna tell me!\" Anna didn't know what to say. \"Well that settles it.\" Anna slowly put off her coat and went to see Christine. She was asleep. \"Why are you so late by the way?\" \"I wanted to get some fresh air.\" She said absently. The doorbell rang. Anna didn't hear it. She was deep in thought. To think that this perfectly innocent child's father was the head of the vory v zakone… \"You? What do you want?\" she heard her mother's voice at the door. She couldn't hear the other voice. \"No! Go away and leave us alone!\" Anna went to see who it was. She looked at the clock. It was half past nine. \"Anna!\" the visitor called her. She looked at the visitor. \"Nikolai! What are you doing here?\" her voice was shattered. \"So he is Nikolai Luzhin!\" her mother fretted. \"Anna! You should leave the city! Kirill wants you dead so that you can't give evidence against his father.\" \"Why are you telling me this?\" \"Because I don't want to see you dead!\" he said concerned. \"Anna get inside. You and all your other criminal friends will not appear here again. Is that clear?\" Anna's mother persisted. \"Mum! Please! Leave us alone for a minute!\" Anna begged. Helen looked at Nikolai with a look that could kill, left the door and went to look after Christine. \"Anna, please!\" Nikolai urged her. \"Am I to leave my mum and Christine here? Am I to walk away for my own safety, knowing that your friends might come here and kill them but not me?\" she looked into his eyes. \"Anna, you should all leave the city until the reading and after giving evidence you should leave immediately also. If they find you they will tell Kirill and he will give the order for your murder!\" \"One thing that I don't understand: why are you telling me this? You work for them!\" Nikolai sighed. \"Just believe me.\" \"I do. I just don't understand who you are.\" \"It doesn't matter.\" He said. \"Zabud' menya! Forget me!\" with that he left. The black Mercedes slowly drove away. \"What did he want?\" Helen asked her daughter. \"He wanted to tell me that we should all get out of the city.\" \"I don't know about getting out of London, but I think we can get to the other side of it, visit your Aunt Delia.\" Sunday. Anna sat in the car on the way to the court. She would give evidence against Semyon even if it killed her. She shook her head with a slight smile. That was a bit too exaggerated. But what then? She would go back to her aunt, her mother and Christine and continue her happy life? No, she simply had to see him again! Perhaps she would. Perhaps he would be there defending Semyon, or even more unlikely giving evidence against him… Thursday night. 10:17 pm . \"Did you kill her?\" Kirill asked Nikolai as he come in. Kirill put down the bottle of vodka and threw back his head. He was drunk. This wasn't surprising, considering that he might be the new king. \"Yes,\" he says after a short pause. \"Good. There'll be no-one to show evidence against my father…\" Kirill muses. \"But! If you are lying to me, because I've seen the way you look at her, I will drown you in the Themes, then bring you out and cut you up, burn you, and fling the ashes into the river again!\" he laughed. Drinking another shot of vodka he stumbles out of the room. The inspector met Anna at the entrance to the court. As they went in Anna thought she had seen a black Mercedes pull up at the corner with Nikolai in the driver seat. She dismissed the thought almost immediately. \"Anna,\" the inspector addressed her, \"did you get the message from Nikolai Luzhin?\" Anna stared at him in confusion. \"Well, yes. Why?\" \"He asked me to tell you something after the listening, but only if you got his message.\" \"How do you know him?\" she asked. \"You'll find that out after the listening. Ah! There's our courtroom. Wish us luck!\" Kirill sat in the courtroom. He looked at his father. They smiled to each other when their glances locked together. And all seemed well. There was no doctor to describe the death of the girl. But when the witness was called Anna came. Semyon starred at his son. Kirill in his turned gaze towards the door where Nikolai was standing. They looked at each other and read each other's thoughts: You bastard! Your problem. I'll kill you! You know I'll do it! Do whatever your heart desires. Kirill smiled. He looked at Anna then back to Nikolai. He kept switching his attention from one to the other. Nikolai's face changed to a grave one. A face that meant that he would kill Kirill. But the new king kept smiling. He sat back and looked at his father. They exchanged nods and continued listening to the judge. When the listening finished Kirill's men almost ran out to meet Anna at the exit. They were to take her to the Themes. Kirill would meet them there. Her body would be hidden in the river once it was finished with. Anna slowly walked out of the courtroom and walked towards the exit. As she turned down a corridor she suddenly felt someone's hand on her moth, pulling her back. Then she felt another hand take her throat. She fell silent and stopped her fruitless efforts of trying to twist herself out. She became aware that she and her capturer were coming towards a back entrance this might be her only chance she knew that Kirill would kill her at the first possibly opportunity. A door opened and they went out. She kicked her capturer's shin and tried to run but he caught her arm and turned her round. Nikolai pulled her into his arms. She tried to twist but he held her tightly. \"I had to. I'm sorry. Kirill has sent his men to collect you at the front entrance, I couldn't find another way to turn you around in time.\" He whispered softly. She drew away from him. \"So what now?\" she asked. \"We run.\" He said calmly. \"Your family is going to be in Edinburgh. The inspector has collected your mother and Christine from your aunt's house and will take them to your uncle. I'll get you there by car.\" \"Who are you?\" she asked suddenly. \"Does it matter that much?\" he replied. \"What will you do after you get me to Edinburgh?\" \"Run.\" Anna stared in confusion. \"The vory v zakone will want to kill me for betraying them, one, and because I know most of them in the face. Please! Let me take you to Edinburgh.\" It was half past five. They would get to Edinburgh at about midnight…[Chapter 2] Chapter two. This will have more on Anna's and Nikolai's feelings than the previous one. Please review! They were on the motorway, heading to Edinburgh. Anna stared out of the window. She thought of Christine, of her mother, her uncle. But not of Nikolai… Every time he was there she thought of others, but once he was gone she only thought of him. The fact was that every time she looked at Christine, she remembered Nikolai and their first kiss. Then she would remember the one he gave her in the hotel room a few days earlier. She was surprised at herself that she hadn't pulled away or thought of it as some wicked deed, but quite the opposite. She thought of it as a pleasant dream, a paradise. But then she would get back to reality and try to forget about it. She felt Nikolai's hand on her own. She turned around but didn't change the hand's position. She looked into Nikolai's eyes that were concentrated on the road ahead. \"Who are you?\" she asked again. Nikolai chuckled. \"You are very stubborn Anna Ivanovna. I like it. You never stop until you get what you want.\" He glanced at her. She looked at him. Her eyes still held the question. Nikolai sighed. \"I am a person who is marked to live in the criminal world. There was no turning back, not since the first tattoo.\" He sighed again. \"There never will be. The path I chose: I must follow it till the end.\" He tightened his hand over Anna's. \"Try to forget me when I leave you with your family. It would be better for you.\" \"Out of curiosity,\" she said, \"what makes you think it will be hard for me to forget you?\" \"Because every time you will look at Christine, or every so often, you will remember her real parents. You will remember Semyon, Kirill and me. And secondly: you came to find me, did you not? I think you knew that you would not get the answers from me, but you still came to ask them.\" He looked at her. She smiled. \"Did it really matter that much to you, who I was?\" \"Possibly not that much, but I am still curious.\" Anna spoke. \"You still haven't answered me.\" Nikolai chuckled, louder this time, but it wasn't a laugh. But he didn't answer. He could feel her fingers under his. She was so pure, while his hands were covered in blood and 'dirt'. He wasn't going to tell her until he left her permanently. She would be safer that way. Or would she be? He wanted her to be safe, happy and loved by an honest man. Perhaps that would hurt his heart but if she would be happy, it would be worth the pain. It was strange: he always wanted people who got tangled with the vory v zakone to be happy and continue their life. But when he thought of Anna, he couldn't help but feel pain. He didn't know why. This was the first time in a long period of years when he really cared for someone. Really wanted them to be safe and happy. Was it love? Perhaps it was, perhaps it was not. It was more like a bud in Siberia, in the early summer, when everything was just coming to life. It would grow and become a flower, become love, as we know it. It was ten o'clock. Another two hours and they'd be there. But Nikolai felt that his eyelids were heavy. Anna had fallen asleep in the passenger seat. He couldn't decide whether to stop for an hour to get some sleep and continue later, or drive till exhaustion to Edinburgh and then sleep elsewhere. He finally decided when he saw a lay-by. When he stopped the car he looked at his watch and set an alarm. He would probably wake up anyway. What would he do after getting Anna to Edinburgh? He'd run obviously. He wasn't as certain as he seemed to be. His disguise was not permanent. Still, he could think it over after. Anna woke up, to find that they have stopped. When she looked at Nikolai her blurry vision made him look like a corpse. But the sudden rush of adrenalin woke her up to find him still alive and in health. He was just sleeping. She calmed down and looked at him. She tried to describe him, but found it worthless. \"What did I care for him?\" she asked herself scolding herself. He was a killer and a member of mafia! But her answer came from her heart. It was so pure that she almost cried. It was too rich to describe with words. But she was startled to find this answer in herself. She cared! She would die just to see him! She wanted to smile and shake her head, but found that it was not exaggeration. She was surprised. Her sub-consciousness had surprised her, for she had not thought like this aloud before. Then his alarm went off and he woke up. She turned away so as not to draw attention. He looked at her. \"How much do you really care who I am?\" he asked. \"I don't.\" she said. \"I don't care who you are, I care that you are you.\" The words that she spoke startled her. What was happening to her? He took her arm, but she slowly pulled away. \"Anna…\" he whispered. She turned around. There were tears in her eyes. Nikolai pulled her towards him gently. She came into his arms. After a few moments he looked at her face. That's when he kissed her the third time. And it will be this kiss by which she will remember him the rest of her life. The kiss that explained everything that they felt for each other.[Chapter 3] They started off again. Nikolai looked at Anna but looked straight back at the road. He felt that he left a mark on her pure skin every time he looked at her, touched her or spoke to her. He had left a mark in her life already by touching her hand when she gave him the diary. He had let his feelings take over his body and kiss her after saving Christine, shining light into a dark the dark cellar of his soul. He may not have provided the flame which lit his heart, but he didn't stop the fire. And more he let Anna's heart catch his flame to burn with him. And he hated himself for this. Anna's heart was still so soft, whereas his heart had been used to being turned into lava to become rock the very next second. He had left his life and soul behind before, but Anna had not. And Nikolai didn't want her to do so, because he didn't want her to suffer pain. Anna felt as if her heart would burst. This was probably one of the last times that she would be so close to him. She didn't care who he was, she cared for the man inside that rough shell. She would just have to hope that time would heal her heart's wounds. The car drove into the hotel's car park. Anna's family was there to meet her. When the car stopped she ran out to them. Christine was there too. She hugged 'her' child tightly. She was glad to be back with her family, but somehow she felt that something, or rather someone, was missing. But she soon forgot about that, as the overwhelming joy of seeing her uncle and mother with her, safe and sound, washed over her. Nikolai parked the car. He looked over to the Anna and her family. They didn't notice him, which was probably best. He would leave for London in the morning, hopefully unseen. The inspector was sitting in the hall and after he talked to Anna and saw them to their rooms he came up to Nikolai. \"You didn't tell her, did you?\" he asked. \"Would you mind telling her after I leave?\" \"An agent's heart finally cracked?\" the inspector chuckled. \"Excuse me, Nikolai, I didn't know it was that.\" He added seeing Nikolai's saddened expression. \"Come on, now. You will spend the night here and can go to the Embassy in London tomorrow morning. I had a message that they wanted you to go back to the FSB in St. Petersburg.\" Nikolai couldn't get to sleep for a very long time, but when he finally did he was back in his home city. He could see the river Neva run through the channels of St. Petersburg. It was cloudy but warm. It must have been summertime. He was wandering through the city, around the Isakievski Cathedral. This was about ten years ago. He suddenly remembered a film about the Second World War. 'The 17 glimpses of spring' it was called. It was about a Russian agent working in Berlin, during the spring of 1945. He felt a bit like him, but his deed was nothing like the agent's. Then he could see Petergof Park and all its amazing fountains. How he would have loved to see them again. But not alone, no. He would have done anything to look at them with her. And then she came into his dream. And they strolled in the park for hours. They caught the summer rain, but it only cheered them up. And Nikolai was perfectly happy. But then he woke up... And such bitterness filled him up that he thought he was going to cry. But no tears came. His heart had once again been frozen by reality.[Chapter 4] Ok, I admit it! Last chapter could have been better. I just had to put that bit in, because it was sitting on my mind for quite a while, but I couldn't get it fit into the second part. As always: I do not own, I make no profit, I do not own song from the last chapter either. P.S. please review! Five years later... Anna and her family had moved back to London and had bought a bigger house, selling the old one. Stepan had stayed with them and had cut down on the drinking. Helen took care of Christine when Anna was at work. And Anna seemed quite happy. But only the word 'seemed' was used there. Sometimes when they would sit together round the fire in the evenings, a happy family, Anna would get the feeling that something, or someone, was missing. And Christine would ask sometimes, why doesn't she have a daddy, and Anna would answer, \"Because I haven't found the right one yet.\" But Anna felt guilty for lying to her daughter, because the answer was just that-a big fat lie. Anna had found the 'right one', but had lost him, possibly forever. Anna's friends were mostly married and when they met they would tell her, \"Find yourself a man, Anna! You'll need one sooner or later.\" And she would answer, \"I don't need anyone, not yet...\" This too was a lie. She found herself lying a lot, to her friends, her family, but most of all herself. The news that Nikolai was in fact an agent and not a criminal made her feel even worse. First she could think that she had rid herself of a charming criminal, now she understood that she had lost a very good man, who she loved. Anna, Helen, Stepan and Anna's friend Chloe were taking Christine to the park. \"I'm telling you! Seriously! Get yourself a husband!\" Chloe tried to convince Anna, who was taking photos of Christine, Helen and Stepan. Anna chuckled. \"You never stop, do you?\" she asked. \"Anna! You are surrounded by bachelors of your age! Think of all the people who you work with and who you are good friends with! Honestly! You've got a kid that will start school in a few months! Have you any idea how much hassle that is?\" \"Chloe! Stop! I don't need anyone now, and even if I will need somebody, I'll chose myself.\" She shook her head. It was annoying, having people around you telling you to get married, without knowing that somewhere on this planet there was a man who owned your heart. But the chance of him coming back was ever so slight. Anna glanced sideways to see whether the family car was still parked where they left it. That was a lie too. She wanted to imagine that there, at the other side of the park would be the one man who she really ever loved. she was about to turn back but then... Then she saw a figure at the other end of the park. A tall man with silver hair in a long black coat. He stood too far away to see his face but she was almost certain it was him, no matter however mad it was. Chloe was babbling on about Anna's irresponsibility. But Anna slowly walked towards the man. She looked at his face and recognized him without as much as a trace of doubt. He smiled at her. And as he smiled back. Anna's heart was rapidly filled with joy. She walked slightly faster as he started taking a few steps towards her. Soon she could feel his arms around her. She felt his breath in her hair and on her shoulder. While Chloe stared at her in amazement, and Helen and Stepan looked at her with happy-sad-shocked faces, Anna felt better than she ever had felt in her life. Nikolai hugged her tightly. He could swear he felt her heart beating in time with his. His world of doubts and fears fell apart. So when she looked up at him, her eyes reflecting the sun's light, he felt that all of his suffering had just been rewarded. \"I thought you might have found yourself a husband by now.\" He said with his rich Russian accent. \"I don't need anyone...\" She replied after a soft chuckle. But she continued, whispering the last words into his ear, \"... Krome teb'a! \" That day Anna's smile stayed on fully. She and Nikolai parted, but he promised that they would meet quite soon. So, Anna was for world of reality to the world of daydreamers. And everything seemed to be smilling onto her, like it seems to one who is hopelessly lost in joy, happiness and love, when these feelings are not just shared with one, but enjoyed with one. The sun was out, the birds were singing and Nature herself seemed to celebrating. And nothing in the world could have changed for the worse. \"Mummy! Who was that man who you met today?\" Anna turned round to see Christine standing beside her in the kitchen of her home. Anna didn't know why the question suddenly shocked her or sent storm-clouds into her world. Possibly it was just the getting-back-to-reality shock, possibly not. \"Does it matter?\" she asked Christine. \"Its just...\" Christine mummbled, \"I've never seen him before and you've never said anything about him...it was wierd the way you just went to him, ignoring everything...\" Anna could see that the wounds of her past had not healed. She could see that Christine felt guilty for asking a normal question. A normal question that left Anna stunned. That was all it took to make a barrier between Anna and Christine. \"It was just an old freind of mine who I was happy to see. That's all.\" Anna knelt down to look into Christine's face. And then she smilled. And Christine smilled back... Helen came into the kitchen and gave Anna a note with the words 'just came throught the letter box a minute ago' and went out into the garden. Anna glanced at the envelope. Anna Ivanovna. She smilled at Christine and told her to go to her Grandma in the garden. Another line of dis-trust. Anna knew that she was trying to protect Christine from her past. She would tell her one day, Christine was still too young to know the truth. And Nikolai was part of thet truth. P.S For those who can't wait till the next chapter to uncover what Anna s aid: google translater-'кроме тебя'![Chapter 5] Sorry for not updating for a while. I'm not sure whether to finish this or not, so please review! Anna opened the letter with shaking hands. She wasn't all that sure why her hands were shaking. Her heart skipped a beat when she read the contents of the letter. He was asking her to meet him at the Thames, in front of the houses of Parliament. Again she wasn't sure why her heart skipped a beat, for she knew he would have contacted her again. Anna didn't trust her mind or heart now. They seemed so different now, both wanting complete opposites. Nikolai stood quietly beside the Thames. The night was also quiet, without any wind or even the Moon. It was as if the night was concealing in itself some evil deed that the wind or moon could suddenly uncover. Even the Thames grew silent, not that it was ever loud (not in these times anyway), it just seemed to dissolve out of one's mind, until you saw again the reflection of the Houses of Parliament in it's fluxing current. And it was in this dark and gritty night, that Nikolai was waiting for Anna. And she came. She seemed so out-of-place in this sinister and murky world of wickedness, that her appearance immediately caught Nikolai's eye. She came, like an angel in the dark. She shone light into the darkest corners in my mind and she filled it completely, making everything else a vague dream. But I am not complaining, for this sensation was all that I ever wanted. He just stood there, like a lost traveller, who had wandered throughout this world. A traveller who only followed his mind but almost never his heart for most of his life, until he finally broke inside, and went with his heart alone. He fitted into the criminal streets of London but he didn't belong there. He is so different and yet fits so perfectly with me. Anna came up to him and leaned against the railing beside Nikolai. For a while they just looked out on the river. But soon enough they exchanged glances. They looked at each other, mesmerized. If heaven existed on Earth, then this was it. They never uttered a word, never drifted into their own deep thoughts, never let their eyes part. Perhaps they were opposites, perhaps they didn't belong to each-other's worlds, but they belonged to each other at least. As if one couldn't exist without the other. Black couldn't exist without white, dark without light, night without day, earth without sky, plus without minus. All these things couldn't be without the other because they could only be characterized by the other. They didn't need words to tell one another what could only be told by eyes. They breathed simultaneously because they didn't need to breathe separately. They didn't pay any attention to the world around them because it wouldn't have made a difference. And it started raining. In a glorious London-style bucketing type of rain. The evil-looking streets suddenly became hospitable and the eerie tension became a pleasant calm. The rain washed away all the worries of this world and left the two of them to themselves. Nikolai and Anna didn't even notice at first that they were getting drenched. But once Nikolai needed to brush away one of Anna's strides oh hair that fell onto her eyes he suddenly noticed that it was wet. His eyes darted about slightly and then his lips suddenly curled into a smile and he chuckled slightly. Anna looked around with a puzzled look until she understood that it was pouring. His eyes met hers again. This time the stare was one of those that a lover gives his beloved, trying to figure out his or her thoughts. It was times like these that lovers lived for. When you knew that everything else didn't matter, unlike the first time when you ignored the rest of the world. When you understood the fact that you could throw away all the way of your life just to be with this other person for a few more minutes. Nikolai reached for Anna and gently kissed her. She returned the favour. This was the first time they kissed that year after not seeing each other for a few years. And this was all they needed for now. ","Summary":" Anna sat in the hotel room. Quarter to eight in the evening. He would be here in five minutes. Why?"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"Don't Let It Be Over","Author":"bekahbabe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3153498","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: ThernCheetah Girls belong to Disney, as well as any lyrics or direct moviernquotes in this story. I am merely borrowing them to have some fun.rnAlso, this story contains femslash. If you find the idea of twornwomen being in love questionable, then this story is not for you. Irngot this idea from watching the movie and noticing how easy it wouldrnbe to imagine a loving relationship between Chanel and Galleria. Sornthis story is MY retelling of the events in The Cheetah Girls 2: Whenrnin Spain. Please read and review. I love feedback and welcomernvaluable, constructive criticism. Note: The parts in italics indicate internal thoughts/dialogue. Most of the story is from Galleria's POV. I'll indicate POV otherwise. I'm sitting proppedrnup against my best friend's headboard and joking about clichédrntattoos. I'm joking to try and calm her down, as well as torntemporarily quell my own fears. See, we just found out that she isrngoing to be spending the next month in Barcelona. Her mom'srnboyfriend is from Barcelona and has invited them to spend a month atrnhis villa. Tia Juanita hadn't bothered to tell Chanel before now,rnso we just now found out when my mom let it slip. Now Chanel isrnfreaking out, and I'm pretty sure I know why. I think we're bothrnthinking the same thing; that Luc is finally going to pop thernquestion and want them to live in Barcelona. When Chanel finallyrnpauses to take a breath, I take the opportunity to find out for sure. \"Chuchi, this is arnfree trip to Spain! I know you – what's really going on?\" \"I'm scared.\" \"It is just for thernsummer.\" I hope. \"If my mom marriesrnLuc, she's gonna want me to move to Spain. Start a new family.rnIt's not even gonna matter that we've been like sisters since wernwere divas in diapers.\" \"Okay. Then in thatrncase, we will find a way to fix this. I-I don't know how, but wernwill. 'Cause no one is gonna tear us apart.\" \"You promise?\" \"Of course I do.\"rnI pull her into a tight hug to comfort her, but I can't helprnthinking of my own fears. What else could I say? I have no idearnhow we're going fix this, but I've got to try. I can't losernher. She's my best friend, and so much more. If she moves tornSpain, I may never get the chance to tell her how I feel about her.rnShe'll never know that I'm in love with her…[Chapter 2] It'srnbeen a few months since I realized that I'm in love with my bestrnfriend. Talk about surprise and confusion! I've known Chanel everrnsince we were both babies. We've been best friends forever, andrnsuper close. We've always been the kind of friends who show theirrnaffection. You know, hugging and holding hands and stuff. But arnwhile back I started noticing that whenever Chanel would grab myrnhand, a little tingle would run through my body and my heart wouldrnjump. I brushed off these feelings, not really wanting to think toornmuch about it. A few weeks laterrnsomething else happened that I couldn't just brush off and ignore.rnWe were sitting together in the cafeteria during lunch when this guyrn(I didn't bother to remember his name) came up to talk to Chanel.rnI guess they have a class or something together, but anyway, he andrnChuchi were flirting like crazy. The more she would bat her eyes andrngiggle at his stupid jokes, the sicker I felt. At first I thought Irnwas just annoyed and embarrassed because the two of them were sornover-the-top with their flirting. But it didn't take long for mernto realize that in reality I was jealous. And it wasn't her I wasrnjealous of, but the guy. He had taken her attention away from me andrnI wanted her to flirt with ME that way. I immediately realized thatrnthese were not normal best-friend kind of thoughts. Oh my gosh, Irnhad a crush on my BFF! Finally the tingles I got when we touchedrnmade sense. Strangelyrnenough, even though I was a little bit surprised and confused when Irnrealized all of this, I wasn't freaked out. It sort of made sense,rnafter all. I've always admired Chanel for her beauty, talent, andrnpoise. She's really an amazing young woman, and she doesn't evenrnseem to realize it. I think that's one of the things I love aboutrnher the most--that she's so down-to-earth. She has always beenrna calming influence on me, since I have a tendency to be reallyrnintense and serious. All it takes is one silly little joke or goofyrnface from her to calm me down and cheer me up. And I have to admitrnthat she's just too adorable when she scrunches up her nose andrnsticks out her tongue (which she does pretty often). Every time sherndoes that, I just wanna grab her up and kiss her. Forrnnow, I'm sitting here on an airplane headed for Spain. ThernCheetahs actually managed to figure out a way to convince our parentsrnto let us go to Barcelona with Chanel and Tia Juanita, complete withrna major international singing competition! Barcelona has this bigrnfamous summer music festival every year that hosts a new voicesrncompetition. We managed to audition over the phone and convince themrnto let us enter even though it was past the deadline. Now everyone'srnspread out across a row of airplane seats. Juanita and my mom arernsitting across the aisle from me. I'm sitting in an aisle seat,rnwith Chanel sitting to my right. She's sleeping at the moment, andrnher head has found its way onto my shoulder. Aqua and Dorinda arernsitting on the other side of Chanel and they're both sleeping, too.rn I smile at the sight of all my friends sleeping and settle myself arnbit deeper in my seat so that maybe I can nod off too. I turn myrnhead for just a moment to notice that my mom is watching me with arnstrange look on her face. She turns her attention quickly back tornJuanita. Strange. I'll have to find out what that was allrnabout. Later, though. Right now it's nap time.[Chapter 3] Wow! Just, wow.rnBarcelona is even more beautiful than I had imagined! It's also arnreally romantic place… maybe this vacation is my chance to tellrnChuchi how I feel? I'm standing with the other Cheetah Girls,rntrying to decide what we want to do first. Aqua just listed a ton ofrnplaces she wants to see, and it all sounds amazing. It doesn'trntake us long to decide to just start walking around to all the nearbyrn'must-sees.' Several hours later wernall ease down into some chairs at a little outdoor café.rnWe've been running around like crazy and I don't know about thernothers, but I'm tired and ready for a snack. I go ahead and summonrna waiter and give him my drink order. Oops, I guess I went too fast,rnbecause now Chanel is translating for him. We're all chattingrnquietly when Aqua abruptly shushes us. It only takes a moment for myrnears to pick up the faint strains of music. I recognize the sound ofrnthe classical guitar, but the tune is unfamiliar. It is veryrnbeautiful and I'm content just to sit back and listen. Eventuallyrnthe mystery musician comes into view on the stairs next to the café.rn It's a very cute boy who looks about our age. It suddenly hits mernhow amazing this entire situation has become. I'm in a beautifulrnforeign city, sitting next to my best friend (and crush), and arntalented musician is serenading us. Everything just seems toornperfect to be real! When the guitarist starts singing in Spanish, Irnimmediately turn to Chanel to ask her to translate for me. She leansrncloser into me and more or less whispers the words to me. I had laidrnmy hand on hers to get her attention, but all of a sudden with herrnwhispering these seemingly intimate words to me I feel very exposedrnand gently take my hand off hers. Imagine my surprise when a fewrnseconds later she leans even closer and puts HER hand on top of mine!rn I'm not sure why she did it, but I'm certainly not complaining.rnBut all too soon the moment is over and Chanel is joining in on thernsong. One by one the rest of us join in and we end up following thernguy all over the place, exploring his favorite Barcelona sights.rnIt's always a ton of fun singing with my girls, and it's evenrnmore fun this time! It's gotten late, though, and it's time forrnus to go to Luc's for the night. I quickly introduce myself tornguitar boy, learn that his name is Angel, and thank him beforernhopping into the car next to Chanel. I can feel Chanelrngetting more and more tense as the car passes through the gate ofrnLuc's villa. I take a brief moment to admire my surroundingsrnbefore turning to give her a reassuring smile. She tries to smilernback at me, but it doesn't quite reach her eyes. Some lady (arnmaid, maybe?) is ushering us inside one of the many doors of thisrnenormous villa. A beautiful old grand piano immediately catches myrnattention and I wander over to caress the ivory keys. I just knowrnI'll be spending a lot of time here in the next month, playing myrnheart out. I make my way further into the room while the womanrncontinues to tell us about the villa and where we'll be staying.rnWhen she leaves, Chanel immediately starts mocking her. \"Metro pah-sses.rnEverything here in Luc Land is perfect, huh. Why doesn't he justrnsell tickets?\" Luc walks in the doorrnjust as Chanel says this, and there is no way for us to warn her.rnBut he actually takes it really well and makes a joke out of it.rnChanel shrugs him off and is acting kind of rude, so I shoot her arnstern look. I know that she's scared and upset, but it's notrnlike her to act like this. I hate seeing her this way. I know if wernwere here under other circumstances that she would be having the timernof her life. If she weren't so upset, then we could be enjoyingrnthis experience together. When Luc finallyrnleaves, Aqua and Dorinda kind of get on Chanel's case. They don'trnreally know the whole story, and don't understand why she is sornupset. So even though I agree with what Aqua and Doe are saying, Irnstill go over and gave Chuchi a hug so that she knows I have herrnback. Then I suggest that we all get to bed and sort of lead therngirls toward the door. I know without looking that Chanel didn'trnfollow us, because I don't feel the tiny butterflies I always feelrnwhen she's near. So I double back and find her still standing inrnthe same place we left her. She looks like she is lost in thought sornI put my hand lightly on her shoulder to get her attention. \"Alright, Chanel.rnIt's gonna be okay.\" I smile softly at her, showing her with myrneyes that I understand. This time when she smiles back, it's arnreal smile. A tiny smile, but a real one. I take her hand and walkrnwith her to her bedroom. We say goodnight in the doorway, and I givernher a tight hug. While I'm holding her close, I can't resistrngiving her a soft peck on the cheek. I hadn't meant to do it, andrnI back away as quickly as I can without it seeming strange. Irnwhisper another 'goodnight' and turn to head to my own bedroom.rnAs soon as I am in the privacy of my own room, I admonish myself forrngetting carried away. I worry that I have just given away my secretrnand freaked out my best friend. It takes a long time before thernworries fade enough for me to fall asleep. (Chanel's POV) What the heck justrnhappened here? Bubbles has hugged me, and even kissed me on therncheek before, but it's never felt like that ! I'mrnstill standing in my doorway, staring down the empty hallway in therndirection my friend just headed. My cheek is tingling wherernGalleria's lips had been. I know she didn't mean anything by it,rnat least not in 'that way.' So then why do I feel like this? Irnstep into my room and shut the door slowly. As I look around thernroom, I notice myself yawning like crazy. I feel tired and even arnlittle dizzy. Oh, jetlag! That must be why I feel so weird, andrnwhy I felt all tingly with Bubbles at the café earlier andrnwhen we hugged just now. I just need to get some rest and everythingrnwill be back to normal. Mmm… that bed looks so comfy…[Chapter 4] My first waking thoughtrnthis morning was of music. That's normal for me. I pretty muchrnthink about music all the time in some way or another. Therndifference this morning was that I was thinking about the CheetahrnGirls' first international music contest! Today is the day that wernmeet with the New Voices Competition director and get our informationrnpackets about the contest. I just know that the girls and Irnare ready for this. We've been doing tons of shows in the lastrnthree years. After the near-breakup our freshman year, the four ofrnus became closer and more focused than ever. We're at the top ofrnour game, and as long as we just keep doing our Cheetah best, I'mrnsure we can win this thing! Now I'm finishing myrnbreakfast with everyone else out on the patio. I was worried thatrnthings might be weird with Chanel and me, but things seem fine. Myrnsecret's safe for now. Chanel even seems like she's relaxed arnbit since last night. Oops, scratch that! She just totally snubbedrnLuc and now she seems like we can't leave quickly enough. Shernurges us away from the table so that we can leave for our meeting. We just got to therncontest headquarters and were directed to the main auditorium. Afterrnonly a few steps into the room, I realize that this auditorium isrnlike no other I've ever seen. Not only is it huge, but therndecorations are incredibly beautiful and ornate. I am just admiringrnthe stained glass window in the ceiling when a booming voice comesrnout of nowhere. I'm sure I jump a foot in the air--he startles mernso badly. Realizing that he is the contest director, I introduce thernCheetahs and start to offer him our demo and some pictures from ourrnrecent shows. He completely cuts me off and asks what we hadrnprepared to sing that day. I shoot a quick look to Chanel and thernothers as we rush to the stage. We quickly agree to do 'Sisters'rnand plan the harmonies. We've hardly begun singing before he tellsrnus to stop. My heart sinks and I am sure he is going to kick us outrnof the contest. Instead he just answers his cell phone and startsrnwalking away. I just stand there awkwardly, trying to figure outrnwhat is going on and feeling like my dreams are slipping away. Thenrnthe lady who directed us to the auditorium comes in the doors talkingrnon HER cell phone and barely spares us a glance before welcoming usrnto the contest. It takes a minute for my brain to kick in, since Irnam so shaken by the director's abruptness. As soon as I realizernthat we're in, I start jumping up and down. I immediately grabrnChanel for a hug and then Aqua and Dorinda join in. \"Let's go! I'mrnhungry,\" Aqua announces as we step down from the stage, making usrnall giggle. That girl sure knows how to eat! I think she evenrnbrought her own hot sauce with her to Spain. Whatever, I love herrntell-it-like-is style and she does an amazing job with our stagerncostumes. Back at the villa, I'mrnhard at work figuring out our rehearsal schedule. We have less thanrntwo weeks to prepare for the contest. The others are out on thernpatio, so I head outside to give them the schedule. They all moan asrnsoon as I mention the word 'rehearsal.' I frown and remind themrnall how important this contest could be for us. I also mention thatrnit's important for us to work as hard as possible, because we knowrnabsolutely nothing about our competition. None of us notice a guyrnpull up next to the patio on a moped until he pipes up and says, \"Askrnthe Dancing Cat.\" We all just look at one another in confusionrnuntil he introduces himself. Turns out his name is Joaquin and he isrnLuc's godson. He is also about our age and Luc has thoughtfullyrnasked him to be our tour-guide. If only I could get Chanel tornrealize how great Luc is and get her to start being nicer to him, itrnmight make things easier for her. We can't work on coming up withrna plan to keep her in New York when she's so upset all the time.rnOh, I'm getting off track. Anyway, Joaquin finally clarifiesrnthe dancing cat comment, telling us about a local teen club wherernwe'll be able to scope out our competition. He offers to get us inrntomorrow night. Dorinda eagerly accepts and Chanel, Aqua, and Irnshare a knowing glance. Doe and Joaquin talk about dancing some morernand make a date before he leaves. The second he's gone, we startrnteasing her because it's so fun making her blush beet-red. As Aqua continuesrnteasing Dorinda, my mind wanders back to Chanel. I wonder whatrnthe girls would think if they knew how I felt about Chanel. Wouldrnthey be cool about it and tease me like this or would they think Irnwas weird or gross or something? I mean, I know that Chanel and Irnwill always be friends. She's not the kind of person who wouldrnturn her back on me if she knew. Things would just be weird for arnwhile. If she didn't feel the same way, that is. But I'm tryingrnnot to get my hopes up that she feels the same way about me. I justrnwant her to know, so that I can stop keeping this secret from her.rnShe deserves to know the truth.[Chapter 5] Disclaimers: Just a reminder that these characters belong to Disney and I'm not profiting from this little story in any way. Also, in my Cheetah-world Galleria only likes Angel as a friend and fellow musician, not as a love interest. As always, I'd love to hear what you think of my work, so give that 'Review' button some love! Random note: I drove down to Columbia, SC today to hear Raven at the State Fair. I had a great seat and got some amazing pictures. She looked great and sounded even better! If you ever have a chance to catch her live, you should definitely take it! I'm standing with thernrest of the Cheetahs outside the Dancing Cat. We're almost to thernfront of the crazy long line of squealing, excited teenagers. When Irnsee Chanel craning her neck to get a peek inside the club, I take myrnchance to give her a thorough once-over without her noticing. Shernlooks especially beautiful tonight, all glammed out for the club.rnWe're finally at the front of the line and I tell the bouncer whornwe are. Joaquin had us put on the VIP list, so the bouncerrnimmediately let us through. I quickly scan the crowd for Joaquin andrnhead toward the table he's holding. He greets me with a hug thenrnimmediately grabs Dorinda to kiss her cheeks. I shoot her a teasingrnsmile and wink, then settle myself onto a stool. Chanel takes herrnspot at the stool next to mine and grins at me. We're both lookingrnaround the club, checking out the scene. Teen clubs sure aren'trnthis nice and fancy in New York![Chapter 6] I'm at a party andrnI'm not happy about it. The Cheetah Girls have not rehearsed arnsingle time since we got to Barcelona, and here we are at a party.rnUnder any other circumstances, I'd probably be having the time ofrnmy life workin' it on the spectacular dance floor overlooking thernocean. But instead, all I can think about is the fact that no onernbut me seems interested in preparing for the New Voices Competition.rnThe others are just treating this whole thing like a free vacationrnand seem to have forgotten that the competition is the reason we arerneven here in the first place! Now Dorinda is off somewhere withrnJoaquin and Aqua went off in search of food and cute boys. Well,rnat least I can spend some fun time with Chuchi. We haven't reallyrnhung out much since we've been here. \"Hey Galleria, heyrnChanel!\" Marisol just came up. She is hugging Chanel and sayingrnsomething about introducing her to people. There goes that idea… Chanel knows I'm notrnthrilled about being at the party, and she tries weakly to cheer mernup. When it doesn't work, she switches tactics. \"Smile, please?rn You're scaring the Spanish boys away!\" I don't care aboutrnthe Spanish boys, Chuchi. I care about you! And now you'rernabandoning me at a party I didn't even want to come to in the firstrnplace. I don't even get a chance to answer her before she'srnanswering her cell phone and walking away with Marisol. I shrugrninwardly and decide to at least try to make the best of thernsituation. I grab a drink from one of the cute Spanish boys, thenrnwalk over to the edge of the balcony to look out at the ocean. Itrnreally is beautiful here. I finally got the girlsrntogether for a rehearsal session. We're all gathered around therngrand piano, warming up by practicing some of our older material.rnAlthough everyone is singing well enough, we sound stale and tired.rnFrustrated, I take my attention off the sheet music and lift my headrnto look at the girls and ask what the problem is. Aqua whines aboutrnbeing tired from the party last night and begs for a nap. I glare atrnher and remind her that we just got started. Then Chanel chimes in,rntelling us that Lola thought it would be a good idea for us to singrnin Spanish for the competition. I look at her in disbelief. Shernshould know better than that, she's the only one of the Cheetahsrnwho even speaks Spanish! I emphasize this fact and suggest that it'srnbetter for us to be ourselves and sing what we know. I try to tellrnthe girls about the new song idea that I have, but no one is payingrnany attention now. First the maid comes in to tell Dorinda that shernhas a phone call, and then Tia Juanita comes in to get Chanel forrnsome lunch thing with Luc's family. Since Aqua is still standingrnthere with me, I ask her exasperatedly what Chanel could possiblyrnthinking wanting us to sing in Spanish. She doesn't have an answerrnfor me (not that I really expected one anyways). My mom comes inrnthen and invites Aqua to go with her to Aramet's design studio.rnAqua looks torn for about two seconds before she decides to go. Byrnthis time, Doe is finally off the phone. She looks around beforernasking where the others went. Then she tells me that Joaquin askedrnher to teach a class at his dance studio. Since we can't exactlyrnhold a rehearsal with half the group missing, I give a big sighrnbefore telling her to go ahead and go. Now it's just me andrnthe piano. Even if the others aren't going to take this seriously,rnI plan on staying right here and working on the new song that'srnbeen running through my head. I sit in front of the piano for hoursrnand hours, losing track of time. My spirits lift as I work out therncomposition and lyrics of the new song. It seems to be comingrntogether beautifully, and I'm able to just pour all of my energyrnand built up annoyance into the music. I'm writing about therngirls, and how close we are and how the music keeps us together. AsrnI write, I wonder if the music really is going to be enough to keeprnus together. It seems like everyone is so involved in other thingsrnand that they've forgotten about the music. Chanel has her familyrnstuff to worry about, Aqua has fashion design, and Dorinda hasrndancing. I don't mind that the girls have other things in theirrnlife, I just worry that music isn't important to them any more. Ifrnthat's true, is that going to mean that I won't bernimportant to them anymore either? What if my Amigas Cheetahs reallyrnaren't going to be friends for life? While I'm writing, the hopernis still there. As long as I'm lost in the music, I can stillrnbelieve that things will be all right and that the Cheetahs willrnalways be friends.[Chapter 7] I was up so laternworking on my new song that I decided to sleep in this morning. I'mrnso excited about how well the song turned out, maybe this will bernjust the push needed to get the others excited too! I head into thernliving room to find the girls. Aqua and Dorinda are there, butrnbefore I can even open my mouth to tell them about the song, Aquarnhands me some new costume designs. I glance at them quickly. Theyrnlook great and I make sure to tell Aqua that, but then I try to drawrnthe focus back to the music. That's when my mom comes in to askrnAqua if she wants to sketch with her. Aqua runs out while Dorindarnanswers a call on her cell phone. From the look on her face, I'mrnsure it must be Joaquin calling. A few minutes later she hangs uprnwith a big grin. She tells me that he invited her to go out tornlunch. I try to calmly point out that rehearsing should be a higherrnpriority right now, but she doesn't seem to care. Obviously thisrnconversation is going nowhere…. I'm wondering where Chanel is,rnbecause usually she's around to back me up. I haven't seen herrnyet this morning so I ask Doe where she is. Doe tells me vaguelyrnthat Chanel might be outside before hurriedly running off to meetrnJoaquin. All I can do is shake my head and hope that Chanel isrntaking the contest more seriously than Aqua and Doe seem to be. As I make my way out tornthe courtyard, I hear giggling. I turn the corner and see Chanelrnsitting on a lounge chair next to Marisol. They are singing andrntalking to one another in Spanish, interspersed with more giggling.rnMy heart gives a sudden lurch as I notice how close they have becomernin such a short time. I feel a little sick as I approach them. \"Well, at leastrnsomeone's rehearsing.\" I don't even try to hide the bitterrnedge to my voice. Chanel can't rehearse with the Cheetah Girlsrnbut somehow she's found time to sing with Marisol?! \"Hi, Galleria,\"rnMarisol greets me with a smile and a wave. I force myself to sayrnhello back, before turning to Chanel for an explanation. \"This isrnactually one of Marisol's songs. She's just teaching me thernwords, you know, foolin' around. Two minutes?\" \"Two minutes can turnrninto two weeks real quick. Don't you think?\" I look pointedlyrnat Chanel, then toward Marisol. \"Marisol, look. I don't mean tornsound harsh or anything (okay, yeah, maybe I do) but we're the ones who need to rehearse.\" \"Galleria, I wasrninvited here. I didn't just drop by.\" Chanel stands up andrnadds, \"Yeah. And when do you tell my friends when they can hangrnout with me and when they can't? Obviously you need to go back tornbed and, you know, wake up again. And give me my space.\" \"Space?! Chanel,rnwe're in this space because of you.\" I can't believe what I'mrnhearing and my heart drops more with each word she says. I takernChanel's arm and pull her aside to continue the conversation withrnslightly more privacy. \"Maybe you need to explain to me what'srngoing on here 'cause obviously I'm not understanding. Are yournchoosing her over the Cheetah Girls?\" Over me? \"Wow.\" \"Wow? Maybe yournforgot the promise that we made. I'm only doing this for you.\" And you didn't answer my question. You didn't say no. \"Here we go again,rnalways trying to control everything. Do you hear yourself? Look,rnyou just need to chill. I'll talk to you later. Come on Marisol.\"rn Chanel grabs Marisol's hand and all I can do is watch as they walkrnaway still holding hands. Apparently she IS choosing Marisol overrnme. My heart breaks wide open at this thought. I rush quietlyrnto my room and burst into tears the moment the door shuts behind me. I spend most of the dayrnlocked in my room. I cry until I feel like I can't possibly cryrnanymore, and then I make a decision. I need to leave Barcelona asrnsoon as I can. I call my dad to make some travel arrangements, thenrnI venture out of my room to find my mom. She's still out on thernterrace sketching. I see her put a few final touches on a weddingrndress design just as I walk up. I compliment her on the design andrnask her about it. She tells me that she finally has a real chance tornpursue her dream of becoming a big-time fashion designer. I amrnreally proud of her, and I feel a little guilty that I'm about tornbring her mood down with my news.[Chapter 8] (Chanel's POV) \"Ma, what do you meanrnGalleria is leaving?! Is this true?\" This can't bernhappening. She can't leave now. I need my best friend, I need myrnBubbles! I can't believe she is THAT mad at me; that she wouldrnjust leave. I've got to go find her right now, so we can sort thisrnout. I tell my mom and Auntie Dorothea that I've got to speak tornGalleria but they stop me. They both try to calm me down and tell mernto give it some time. But everything within me screams that I shouldrngo find her right away. My mom MUST know what'srngoing on in my head, because she insists that I spend the night inrnher room. She tells me that it's better to wait until morningrnbefore I talk to Galleria. I grudgingly agree, but now all I can dornis just stand here blaming myself for letting things get so messedrnup. Aqua tries to ease myrnguilt by admitting, \"We've all been distracted.\" Dorinda joins in with,rn\"I can't believe I wasted so much time. I wasn't there forrnher.\" \"She thinks I dumpedrnher for Marisol,\" I think aloud. \"Well you did.\" Aqua's responsernimmediately pisses me off. I jump down her throat in a heartbeat.rn\"And how would you know that, Miss Fashion Designing Diva?\" I didn't really meanrnto be rude to Aqua, but she caught me off guard. I hadn't reallyrnthought about the way my previous statement sounded. All of a suddenrnit hits me: I used the expression 'dumped.' An expression yournonly use when you are talking about dating. Why did I say it thatrnway? We're not… She doesn't like me like that. And I don'trnlike her like that. Realizing where my train of thought isrnheaded, I walk away from the other girls to have some privacy. Irncurl up into the corner of the couch and clutch at a blanket before Irnlet my mind resume its feverish pace. I don't like herrnlike that, do I? But, well, maybe. I think about all of thernstrange little feelings I've been having lately that I have justrnignored or explained away. As the memories wash over me, so does arnstrange sense of warmth. I always sleep better when Bubbles isrnaround. Like on the plane ride, when I woke up and realized that Irnhad snuggled up to her shoulder. And anytime we have sleepovers.rnShe just makes me feel so safe and secure. Also, her touchesrnhave had a weird effect on me lately. Whenever our hands touch myrnskin tingles and my heart skips. I remember feeling the tinglesrnat the little café where we met Angel. As soon as Galleriarntouched my hand to get my attention, I felt them all over. That'srnwhy I put my hand back on hers after she took it away. I liked thernfeeling. And the kiss…. If I'm honest with myself, I'vernbeen thinking about that kiss A LOT since it happened. What wouldrnhave happened if I'd just angled my lips toward hers? Would therntingles have been fireworks? Then there's the factrnthat the girl is gorgeous with a capital G! So thick and curvy, andrnshe knows just how to dress. And her smile--I don't even know howrnto explain what her smile does to me. It just lights up her entirernface and makes it next to impossible for anyone who sees her not tornsmile back. Wake up, girlfriend! This all adds up to a very bigrncrush! I have a crush on my best friend. Except now I've gone andrnruined everything. I was trying to act normal and ignore myrnfeelings, and ended up pushing her away. And now she must think thatrnI've replaced her as my best friend. How am I ever going to fixrnthis?[Chapter 9] Note: As usual,rnany text in italics represents internal thoughts. The song lyricsrnare in bold lettering. I hope you like this chapter, this songrnwas my major inspiration for writing this story. I just thought,rnif ever I'd heard a perfect break-up song, this was it. (Galleria's POV)[Chapter 10] (Chanel's POV) The sun is FINALLY up. nLast night was the longest night of my life. I never went to sleep.nI just spent the long hours crying and thinking, praying that somehownthings with Galleria will work out. Now that morning is here, I cannslip out of my mom's room to go talk to Galleria. I don't wantnto waste any time, I've done too much of that already. I don'tnbother changing out of my pajamas, I just throw on my fuzzy slippersnand rush over to my best friend's room. I knock on her door andncall her name softly. She isn't answering. Figuring she'sneither still asleep or ignoring me, I open the door and step inside. nI call her name again, then step toward the bed. It's empty, savenfor a few sheets of paper, and there's no sign of any of hernthings. She's gone. She left without even saying goodbye. Ifnit's possible, I think my heart just broke even more. MynBubbles is gone. She really left. I pick the paper up from thenbed, noticing that it's a musical score, but not really able toncomprehend the words on the page through my grief. I hug the papernto myself, trying to hang onto any connection to Galleria. I should have gonento her last night like I wanted to. Now it's too late…. Inthink back to last night, when I realized that I would do whatever itntakes to get Bubbles back in my life. I can't give up now. Maybe there's still time, maybe I can still catch her. I have tontry! (Galleria's POV) Well, this is it. nGoodbye, Barcelona. I'm standing in the train station,nchecking the arrival and departure boards to see when my train isngoing to get here. I'm looking forward to getting to Paris andnseeing my dad. He always knows just how to cheer me up. As I scannthe arrival times, I hear a familiar sound. It's the opening linesnof my new song. I guess it's been stuck in my head so much latelynthat now I'm hearing it subconsciously. I shake my head to clearnit. But wait--I hear it again, and it's louder and definitelynreal. Suddenly the butterflies in my stomach start going berserk andnmy skin tingles. I turn around slowly, not exactly knowing what I'mngoing to find. She's here. Chanel,nAqua, and Dorinda are all standing right in front of me. They arenhuddled around the sheet music I left on the bed, singing to me. Andnthey're in their pajamas. What?! Chanel takes a stepntoward me as she sings, \"Nothing is ever gonna come between…namigas\" All of the breathnwithin me escapes as I look at her. This look she is giving me, thisnis new. It's a mixture of pain, hope, love, sorrow, and sincerity.n I realize that she's talking to me now, so I try to focus on hernwords. \"This song wasnwritten for four part harmony. We can't do this without you, girl.n This is the best song you've ever written.\" When I finally remembernto breathe, I answer timidly, \"Thanks.\" \"Can you ever forgivenme?\" As I look at my bestnfriend, a million thoughts and memories run through my head. I thinknof all the fun we've had. I remember her forgiving me for beingnsuch a controlling jerk freshman year. I remember the feeling ofnholding her and kissing her cheek at the villa. I think of how muchnI love her smile, and love being the cause of it. I can't help butnlook her over, out in public wearing her pajamas! She is toonadorable for words, with her braids and silky pjs. And, oh my gosh,nthe poodle fuzzy slippers! I can't possibly stay upset with Chuchinafter all this. I love her so much! A small smile comes tonmy lips and I look her in the eye, \"Yes, I forgive you Chuchi.\" nWe both share a relieved giggle and wrap each other up in a tightnhug. I soon feel Aqua and Doe join in for a big group hug. Chuchi locks eyes withnme again and asks, \"Bubbles, friends forever?\" I don't even need tonthink about my answer. I immediately assure her, \"Forever!\" \"Look at us.\" I am looking atnus. I look at my three best friends and tell them, \"I can'tnbelieve this right now.\" I glance meaningfully at their dishevelednhair and pajamas. We all share a giggle at the ridiculous picture wenmust make. Before we leave thentrain station, Chanel pulls me into another tight hug. \"Can wentalk tonight?\" I squeeze her evenntighter and say, \"I'd like that.\"[Chapter 11] (Galleria's POV) What a day this hasrnbeen! After we patched things up at the train station, we spent thernentire day rehearsing. The new song sounds even better than I couldrnhave imagined. We're even going to have a practice gig at thernDancing Cat, thanks to Lola. Chanel was so great when we talked tornher on the phone today. She was totally bragging on me to Lola,rntelling her that I wrote our best song ever. The best part (for me,rnanyways) was that for the whole conversation she was next to me onrnthe piano bench, with her arm wrapped around me. It might not meanrnanything at all, but it at least gives me a tiny bit of hope thatrnthings will go well tonight. We made plans for herrnto spend the night in my room, so we can talk privately. I'verndecided I'm going to tell her the truth about my feelings tonight,rnno matter what. I'm crazy nervous, but I know things will turn outrnokay. Even if she doesn't feel the same way, at least I know nowrnthat we'll still be friends. If only I knew what to say, how torntell her. She's going to be here any minute now, and I still havernno idea what I'm going to say. I kill time by changingrninto my comfiest sweats and a tank top. I put on a dab of lip glossrnand check my reflection. I want to look casual, but nice. Can'trnbe looking a mess when I tell the girl I'm in love with her! I'mrnjust fidgeting nervously with the drawstring on my pants when I hearrnChuchi knock softly on my door. I close my eyes and take a deeprnbreath before getting up to answer the door. \"Hey girl,\" I offerrncasually, \"Come on in.\" She grins at me andrnpulls something from behind her back as she moves to sit on my bed.rn\"I brought popcorn and chocolate. It's not a sleepover withoutrnsnacks!\" I grin back at her andrnchuckle. Dang, why's she gotta be so adorable? I give herrna quick once over as she settles herself onto the bed. She'srnwearing a different set of pajamas than she had on this morning.rnThese are lilac and fleecy. She's wearing the button-down top openrnover a dark purple silk cami. Nice! My heartbeat quickens atrnthe sight of her and at the thought of what I'm soon going to tellrnher. I carefully sit down onrnthe bed next to Chanel, close but not touching her. I open my mouth,rnand begin, \"Chanel, I-\" \"Wait! I want tornstart, please? I am the one who asked if we could talk.\" I'm a littlernsurprised at her interruption, but I tell her to go ahead. I lookrninto her eyes expectantly, ready to find out what she wants to say tornme. \"First, I wanna sayrnthat I am so sorry that I yelled at you yesterday. I know I saidrnsome really mean things, and the thing is- I didn't mean any of it.rn I know that the only reason you came to Barcelona was to help mernwith the whole Luc thing. You were only keeping your promise to me.rnAnd I know that I haven't been around much to rehearse. I just…rnwell, I just needed time. I know that doesn't make sense at thernmoment, but I realize now that I should have said something insteadrnof just leaving you hanging. I knew how important the contest is tornyou, to us, and I should have been more serious about it.\" She says all of this inrnone breath, and when she finally pauses for air, I take thernopportunity to speak up. \"It's okay, Chuchi. I understand. Irnmean, I know how hard things are for you right now. I know you'rernscared about your mom and Luc getting married. I wasn't very nicernyesterday either. I should have paid more attention to how you werernfeeling. I'm really sorry, can you forgive me?\" \"Of course, Bubbles.rnYou're my best friend! But now that we're done talking about thernfight, there's something else we need to talk about.\" \"There is?\" Doesrnshe know? No, how could she. But what is it then? Stop. Payrnattention to Chuchi, she's trying to tell you something. \"Yeah, um, there is.rnI want to explain what I said about needing time, and why I've beenrnso distant with you. It wasn't just the whole Luc thing.\" \"Okay.\" I searchrnher face, looking for some clue as to what she's telling me. \"I-, well I guess Irnwas, um, pushing you away on purpose.\" Ouch, that hurt! I'm not even sure what to say to that, so I settle for asking herrna pained, \"Why?\" I turn my eyes away from hers. Instead I focusrnon my hands in my lap. I'm fidgeting nervously again, waiting forrnher answer. Several moments pass and she still hasn't answered.rnInstead she stills my hands with one of her own. She leaves her handrnon mine and looks at me until I lift my head to return her gaze. Sherngives me this sort of sad, wistful smile before speaking again. \"Because I wasrnscared. Not of you, of course. I was scared of what I was feeling.rnAll of a sudden I felt like things had changed with us. You were nornlonger just my best friend. You were, no are , more thanrnthat.\" It can't be! Isrnshe really saying what I think she's saying? Could I possibly bernso lucky? Trying to remain calm, I squeeze her hand, willing herrnto continue. \"I started to feelrnmore for you than just friendship, and it scared me. I didn't wantrnthings to change between us, I didn't want to mess things up, so Irntried to just ignore it. But every moment I spent around you made itrnimpossible for me to ignore my feelings. So I started pulling away,rnthinking it would help me get my feelings under control. I was sornwrapped up in my own confusion that I didn't realize I was hurtingrnyou. I didn't even realize what I was doing until it was too late.rn It wasn't until last night that I finally admitted it to myself.rnI can't ignore it any more. I almost lost you today, and I neverrnwould have been able to forgive myself for letting you go. As soonrnas you forgave me in the train station this morning, I knew I had torntell you the truth. So here it is: Galleria, I'm in love withrnyou.\" My heart is beatingrnlike crazy. She loves me too! I'm doing an internal happyrndance as I replay her words in my head. Then I notice that Chanel isrnlooking at me nervously, biting her lip. Her hand twitches on mine,rnlike she's about to pull it away. I realize that she's waitingrnfor me to say something. I move our hands so that I'm holding hersrngently between my own. I smile at her briefly before I answer. \"I can't tell yournhow happy I am to hear you say that. I never really thought it wouldrnhappen. I mean, I hoped, but-\" \"You mean you-?\" \"I mean: I love yourntoo. I've been in love with you for a while now. I just didn'trnknow how to tell you. Actually, I had finally decided I was going torntell you on this trip. But then everything went wrong, and you andrnMarisol seemed so close, and I-\" \"Wait. You thought Irnliked Marisol?\" \"Well, yeah. Don'trnyou?\" \"As a friend, nothingrnmore. It's you, it's always been you. I just took forever tornfigure it out.\" \"That's thernsweetest thing anyone's ever said to me.\" \"It's true.\" The look Chuchi isrngiving me right now is making me melt. She's looking at me with sornmuch love and warmth that I can't resist. I slowly lean toward herrnand capture her lips with my own. The warm touch of her soft lipsrnfeels so incredible it steals my breath away. I back away justrnenough to look deeply into her eyes. My heart gives a jolt and Irnclose my eyes reflexively. I lean back into her for another kiss. Irnfeel Chanel place her free hand on the back of my neck to bring merneven closer. This kiss is longer, deeper. My entire body tinglesrnand warms. Needing more, I gently glide my tongue along her lowerrnlip. She gasps softly before meeting my tongue with her own. Myrnhands leave their spot in my lap to run aimlessly up and downrnChanel's back. Chanel eventually easesrnus apart enough to rest her forehead against mine. \"Wow!\" Shernwhispers wonderingly with a smile. \"That was…\" \"Amazing!\" We bothrnanswer at the same time. I giggle at our little unison response. Wernreally have been best friends forever. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: ThernCheetah Girls belong to Disney, as well as any lyrics or direct moviernquotes in t"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"The Cheetah Girls One World Sequeal","Author":"disneyslittleprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4501393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Cheetah Girls Sequeal Summary:Dorinda gets rapednby a Vikram.She gets sent to the hospital but what will Chanel thinknabout Vikram after she finds out what he did?THIS IS A SEQUEAL to mynstory The Cheetah Girls One World. Pairings: Dorinda/Chanel A/N:This story also hasnflashbacks,songs from my other story.I hope you guys like this!:) Chapter 1 After theynhad sang One World for the movie The Cheetah Girls became even moreninseperable. Chanel broke up with Vikram and went withnDorinda.Gita was so happy for Dorinda because she wasnt heart borkennanymore. Vikram wasndepressed that Chanel had chosen a girl over a boy.He had a grudgenagainst Dorinda now because she took her girlfriend away from him. Dorinda wasnwalking happily.She was wearing a blue jean skirt with pink cheetahnprints scattered on it.She was wearing a whiite tang top with a pinkntangtop underneath. She continuednwalking down the market place until a hand went over her mouth and annarm slung over her waist.She tried to move out of the person's gripnbut the person was to stong. She muffled anscream and tried to squrim out of the grip.\"It's useless to movenso I suggest you stop moving\"Dorinda recoginzed that voice butnshe didnt want to believe it.It was Vikram As Vikramndragged Dorinda to his room of the palace Dorinda couldnt stopncrying.She knew what was going to happen but she couldnt believenit.She thought Vikram was her friend.But it looks like she was wrong. Vikram threwnDorinda on the floor of his room.Dorinda crawled away from hernattacker.\"You stole Chanel from me Dorinda..you know Chanel wasnmine not yours!She was suppost to be mine but she went back to youninstead\"Vikram said.Dorinda sobbed.\"Why are you doing thisnVikram?I thought we were friends..\"Dorinda said but recieved ankick in the stomach.Vikram grabbed a handfull of Dorinda's hairnroughly he picked her up and threw her on the bed. Vikram rippednoff her clothes and threw them on the floor.He took of his clothesnand also threw them on the floor.He flipped Dorinda over on hernstomach and pushed his member roughly inside of her.Dorinda screamednand cried the entire time she was raped. -At the Hotel- Chanel andnAqua sat in there hotel room.Chanel was watching tv as Aqua wasnlistening to her ipod. There was anknock on the door.Aqua sighed and walked over to the door.She wasnshocked at who it was.\"D-Doe?\"Aqua dropped her ipod on thenfloor as she saw her best friend covered in blood and her clothesnwere all ripped apart.Dorinda looked up and fell into Aqua's arms andncried. \"CHANELnGET OVER HERE!\"Aqua screamed.Chanel droped the remote and rannover to Aqua and saw Dorinda in her arms crying. Chanel put anhand over her mouth and cried.\"We have to get her to a hospitalnhere Chanel it's no time to cry Dorinda needs help and fast!\"Aquansaid.Chanel nodded and went to get her phone. Dorinda wasnsent to the hospital after ten minutes. -Later that Day- Aqua,Chanel,Gita,Amarnand Rahim were at the hospital waiting for the results of Dorinda'snsituation.Chanel couldnt stop crying sense she saw her girlfriend inntheir room covered in blood.Aqua was shocked she didnt move and shencouldnt move now.Gita was the one who took it to hard.She just got tonbe friend with Dorinda and now Dorinda was hurt.Amar and Rahim triednto be strong but Dorinda was the one that helped them get theirnlovers that they had now and they couldnt help but cry also. A doctor camenin with a clip boared in hand.\"Is there anyone here for DorindanTohmas?\"She asked.Chanel stood up and walked over to her.\"Pleasentell me what's wrong with my lover now!\"Chanel screamed.Thendoctor sighed.\"Dorinda is very stable right now.She is hookednonto an IV machine.She pulled herself into a coma.\"Shensaid.Chanel cried more as she fell to the ground with her hands overnher face.Aqua couldnt believe it her best friend was raped and shenwasnt there to save her. Amar held hisngirlfriend as she cried into his chest.Rahim did the same thing butnhe cried as well.Dorinda was like a little sister to him and now shenis in a coma.Gita couldnt believe it.She didnt want to believe it.Shenalso balmed herself for letting Dorinda get hurt in the worst waysnpossible. End of Chapter 1 Im sorry it was to shortnfor my liking but I didnt want to get more into the story. Chapter 2 will be lonogernthough. This is such a sad andndepressing story Im sorry but I had to do it. please read and review![Chapter 2] The Cheetah Girls Summary:Chanel finds outnwhat Vikram did to Dorinda and gets revenge for it.Will Dorinda getnout of her coma?Will the Cheetah Girls be the same? Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Chapter 2:Revenge It has been anfew days sense Dorinda got into a coma.They were supposed to go homenand et ready for college but they couldnt leave.Chanel had called hernmom and Luke and told them what happened and she also called Gallerianand Mrs.Bosco and Mr.Bosco. Chanelncouldnt think or even do anything after what happened to Dorinda.Shencouldnt help but blame her slef for letting Dorinda getting hurt.Shenhasnt left the hospital in the time there. Aqua had beennin their hotel room staring out into space after what happened tonDorinda she was in shock mode.She couldnt get the image of Dorinda'snbloddy state out of her mind. Gita wouldntnleave the hospital even if they tried to drag her out.Gita wouldntnmove from her spot.Rahim was scared.he didnt want to see hisngirlfriend like this. -At The Hospital- Chanel sighednas she sat down next to Dorinda on the chair next to the bed.It wasnher routine that she would get up in the morning take a shower eat anlight breakfast and go to the hospital and not leave until 9 atnnight. Chanel hasnchanged sense Dorinda came to the hospital.Her hair lost it's lightnand lustfulness.Her eyes are so dark you cant even get throughnher.And she became even more skinnier than she was before. Chanel hasnbeen broken ever sense she saw Dorinda get into the ambulence andndrove her off to the hospital. Chanelnblinked away a few tears that were forming in her eyes but shencouldnt stop them.She grabbed Dorinda's clamy hand and put it againstnher cheek.She sob quitely in the silent room. Chanelntightend her grip on Dorinda's hand as she cried.\"WHY WONT YOUnWAKE UP!\"Chanel screamed.She fell off the chair and went to hernknees.\"Please Doe please I cant live without you!I'll miss younto much if you leave I wouldnt be able to handle it Doe..We just gotnback together and now it feels like im loosing you again!PleasenDorinda wake up im begging you dont leave me alone!\"Chanelnyelled as she sobbed into the hospital blankets that were aroundnDorinda's body. Doctor Jamruna female doctor walked down the corridors to Dorinda's room.She wasnat the door when she heard a scream coming from the patient'snroom.She new it was Chanel so she opened the door slowly and sawnChanel crying over Dorinda's body. She walkednover to Chanel and put her arm around her shoulder.\"Hey it'snokay sweetie...Im sure Dorinda will be fine please dont give up hopenjust yet.\"She said so she can try and cheer up Chanel.Chanelnsobbed and flunged herself into the doctors arms and cried into thendoctors chest. \"I justnwant her to wake up...we just got back together and now everything isnfalling apart!\"Chanel sobbed again.\"Would you like to knownwho did this to her sweetie?We found out who the victim is\"Shenasked as she continued to rub the teen's back.Chanel nodded. \"Theynsaid it was a he im sure it was...his name is Vikram Mahar\"Shensaid.Chanel looked up shocked and shooked her head then stood up.\"NonNo Vikram wouldnt do that!He's nice and friendly to Dorinda henwouldnt do that!\"Chanel yelled.She suddenly felt betrayed andnhurt that she was in denial. \"That'snwhat the results say Chanel...Vikram Mahar was the victim\"ThenDoctor said.Chanel sighed unhappily.\"I cant believe it..he wasnso nice and now...god it's all my fault\"She said.The doctornsmiled at her sadly and left the room. -At The Palace- Chanel rannover to the palace after hearing what the doctor said.She couldntnbelieve what Vikram did.She saw Vikram talking with his uncle.Shenwalked over there with anger.Vikram looked up and saw Chanel with annangry look on his face.She walked over to him and kicked him in thenstomach which made Vikram fly. Vikramnslammed to the ground with a loud bang. \"Younsick,disgusting bastard!\"Chanel yelled.Vikram stared at her andnput his arms around himself. \"I knownwhat you did to Dorinda how could you Vikram?How could you be soncruel and such a bastard!I hate every thing about you!!\"Chanelnkicked Vikram in the stomach again and he clutched his stomach. -At The Hospital- Chanel camenback around 1:30pm after dealing with Vikram and getting Aqua fromnthe hotel and Gita also. Chanel was innDorinda's room and Aqua was to.Gita went to get some drinks. There was anknock on the door which caused Chanel and Aqua to jump.\"ComenIn\"Chanel said softly.Doctor Jamru came inside with a clip borednin. \"HellonChanel...Uh can I speak with you for a minute?\" She asked.Chanelnnodded.They both walked outside of the room. Chanel starednat the doctor with dark eyes. Jamru put hernhand on Chanel's shoulder.\"I-I dont know how to say this...butnWe found out there is something inside of Dorinda...Dorinda...isnpregnet on four days though it's an early state real early shenmust've gotten pregnet with the rape attack...\"Jamru said.Chanelnstared at her with wide eyes.\"No No Dorinda cant be pregnet!Whatnabout The Cheetah Girls?And our future at college?We cant have anbaby!\"Chanel said in panic. Jamrunsighed.\"Well it's very possible Chanel..Dorinda is pregnet andnshe's gonna need all the help she can get\"Jamru said.Chanel wasnleft alone to cry on the cold floor after hearing her lover and bestnfriend was pregnet. End Of Chapter 2 Thanks for reviewing mynstory! Just keep on reviewing!:) Chapter 3 will be updatednsoon thanxz![Chapter 3] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 3 Summary:Dorinda waked upnfrom her coma and finds out she's pregnet.She has to live throughnmonths of hell but will Chanel and Aqua be there to help her? Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Last Time:Chanel found outnVikram was the victim of Dorinda's state.She also finds a shockingnnews that Dorinda is pregnet. Chapter 3:Months of Hell After Chanelnfound out Dorinda got pregnet she had been more distant towards Aquanand Gita.She was never at the hospital and kept herself locked inntheir hotel room.Aqua was always at the hospital with Gita and Amarnalso Rahim. Chanlencouldnt believe Vikram got Dorinda pregnet.She found herself being sonmad at Vikram for what he did. She wasnsnapped out of her thoughts when she heard her cell phone ring. \"Hello?\"Chanelnasked quietly.\"GET OVER HERE NOW CHANEL!\"Aqua yellednhappily.Chanel had wide eyes.\"what is it Aqua?\"Shenasked.\"Come to the hospital and find out Chanel\"Aqua saidnand hanged up. -Hospital- Chanel rushednthrough the doors of the hospital hoping that Dorinda was awakenfinally.She rushed down the halls ignoring the nurses saying 'Slowndown'or 'No running in the hospital'.How could she stopnrunning?Dorinda was awake she can feel it. She burstnthrough the doors of Dorinda's room and was suprised to see thatnDorinda was indeed awake.She ran over to Dorinda and kissed hernpationately.She let all her fears and emotions out into the kiss.Shenwas so happy that Dorinda was okay. As theynpulled away Dorinda stared at her with her brown eyes that werensparkling.Chanel fell to her knees and cried into Dorinda'snchest.\"Chanel babe what's wrong?\"Dorinda asked. It felt goodnto hear Dorinda's voice again.Chanel looked up at her lover andnplaced her hands on Dorinda's cheeks and cupped her face.\"Dontnyou ever scare me like that again Doe..Im so glad your alive Inthought y-you were going to die!\"Chanel cried.She had tears ofnhappiness and joy flowing from her eyes. Aqua smilednat her friends she was so happy that Chanel was finally happy.It'snbeen a week sense Dorinda got into her coma and now here she is allnhappy not even knowing she had been raped. -Chanel's POV- It has beennthree months sense Dorinda was in the hospital.We were able to gonhome the second month.Dorinda started to show a little.Dorinda wasnshocked when she found out she was pregnet and she didnt care shenwanted to keep the baby and so did I.Even though we wont be able tongo to college we will be able to have our own family even though thenbaby is not mine I will still take care of it no matter what andntreat it like it was mine. When we gotnhome we had to go see my mom and told her what happened.My mom didntnlet Dorinda out of our house.Mr and Mrs.Bosco stayed with us whilenthe other kids there were taken to a different foster home for anwhile.Aqua had been with us also and so was Amar who had come tonAmerica with us. I didnt letnDorinda out of my sight.Even if she had dance lessions I went withnher to make sure nothing bad happened to her. Dorinda isnthree months pregnet now.I cant believe it.It feels like yesterdaynthat we went to India and had the time of our lives being in anBollywood musical.I only have 6 months until the baby arrives and itnwill having the love and care from both her parents me and Dorinda mynlove of my life.The one who brings me joy and happiness.The one whoncan make me laugh and smiled.The one who has stolen my heart,mind andnsoul.I dont knnow what I would do if Dorinda just dissapeard out ofnmy life.God knows how much I love her.I wouldnt leave her anymore nownthat we are having our own family.I made a mistake which was my faultnfor letting Dorinda get pregnet.But Dorinda doesnt blame me.Shenblames Vikram which who I also blame for causing my love so muchnpain. Dorinda isnlike an angel that fell through the clouds above.She stumbled her wayninto my life because of Aqua introduced her to me.I have go to remindnmyself to thank Aqua one day for always being there for me andnDorinda. End Of Chapter 3 please read and review!:) Thanks again for helpingnme keep my story going! In the next chapternshould it be about A)Chanel and DorindanPOV? B)Aqua and Amar POV? C)Gita and Rahim POV? D)I Dont know maybe allnof them?[Chapter 4] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 4 Summary:The paparazzinfinds outs that one of The Cheetah Girls is pregnet.Will Chanel benable to handle the stress from the paparazzi?Or will she leavenDorinda alone with the baby? Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Aqua/Amar Chapter 4:Leaving Dorinda andnChanel walked out of the hopsital after finding out what the babynis.It was a boy.Chanel has become even more stressed out.Everyone wasnwondering why Chanel hasnt had a boyfriend yet.Chanel has had lack ofnsleep and she is eating less and less because she's been thinkingnabout if she's making the right choice of having this baby.Peoplenarent usually open to the whole gay and lesbian thing. She wasnafraid that if the paparazzi found out she would have to leave andnmaybe go somewhere far away.She didnt want that.She wanted to staynhere and be with Dorinda.Maybe their relationship is a downfallnnow.She hopes not though she really doesnt. -At their Apartment- Chanel andnDorinda were sitting on the couch watching tv.Dorinda was worriednabout Chanel.She could see that her lover wasnt sleeping or eatingnmuch.She is unusally quiet.She was getting really worried aboutnChanel. Dorindanrested her head on Chanel's lap.Chanel looked down at Dorinda and sawnthat Dorinda was worried.They looked up at the telivision and sawnthat they wre talking about The Cheetah Girls. Chanel andnDorinda sat up and listened. \"Todaynone of our photgraphers was at The Manhatten Hospital.He spotted Anblonde and brunette walking out of the hospital hand-in-hand from thenlooks of it they were members of a new recent group \"The CheetahnGirls\" Dorinda Tohmas and Chanel Simmons...we also found outnthat one of the girls is pregnet...-\"Chanel shut off thentelivision and got up pushing Dorinda off her lap. \"Chanelnwhat's wrong??\"Dorinda asked as she followed Chanel who went tonthe kitchen.\"HOW DID THOSE STUPID REPORTERS FIND OUT!?\"Chanelnyelled.Dorinda flinched at the tone of Chanel's voice. Dorinda'sngaze went to the floor.\"They werent supposed to find out aboutnthis!What about The Cheetah Girls?Our Future?\"Chanelnasked.Dorinda walked over to her and put a hand on hernshoulder.Chanel pushed her hand away roughly.\"DONT TOUCHnME!\"Chanel yelled. Dorindanstepped back a little trying to keep away from this version ofnChanel.Chanel was angry.She was hurt and betrayed.Who would've toldnthem? \"Chanelnarent you happy that we can go out in public?We never have been ablento hold hands out in public because you didnt want the reporters tonfind out.Why are you being so angry?\"Dorinda asked. \"BecausenDorinda!I hate having to be asked if I have a boyfriend by everyonenhere in New York City!Now that people know Im gay or whatever it isnwe are we cant go out in public now!We will be teased and hurt by thenpeople out there!And I dont know what they would think of the baby.Imnsure that you nor the baby would be safe out therenDorinda...maybe..maybe we should take a brake from our curentnrelationship...\"Chanel said. Dorindanstared shocked at Chanel.She wants to break up with her just so shencan go out in public without being teased and hurt. \"B-butnwhat about me?A-And the baby?W-why are you breaking up withnme?\"Dorinda asked.She could feel tears flowing from her eyes. As Chanelntried not to cry she walked to their room and got out a suit case. After she wasndone packing she walked out to the living room were Dorinda wasnsobbing and crying on the floor.She shooked her head and walked outnof the front door leaving Dorinda to cry. -The Next Day- Dorinda didntneven go to sleep that night.After Chanel left she was in purenshock.she stayed seated on the floor while staring at the door hopingnthat it was all a joke and Chanel would come in saying \"AprilnFools\".But Dorinda was the fool for believing that Chanel wouldnever keep her promise.She had called Aqua and she wasnt home so shenleft a message on the answering machine. Dorindancouldnt believe that her and Chanel's relationship ended so quickly. So shendecided that if Chanel didnt want to be with her she would go back tonIndia and stay with Gita and Rahim.They're like family to her.Theynhad taken care of her when Chanel broke up with her once. Dorinda gotnup off the floor and went over to the phone that was on the desk.Shensighed heavily as she tried not to break down. \"Hellonis this Gita?\"Dorinda asked.\"Dorinda?Is That You?\"Rahimnasked in a tired voice.Dorinda slapped herself on the forehead.Shencalled them when it was night time. \"R-Rahim...I-Inwas w-wondering...i-if I could g-go back to I-India..a-and s-staynwith y-you guys\"Dorinda asked.She felt hot tears flowing fromnher eyes. Rahim wasnfull awake now after hearing Dorinda's voice. \"Dorindanwhat's wrong?Are you crying?\"Rahim asked.Dorinda sniffled andnrubbed her eyes.\"Y-Yes...C-Chanel b-broke up w-with me...becausenof the whole baby thing\"Dorinda said. Rahim didntnknow what to say.But he was very angry at Chanel now.After everythingnthey been through Chanel still dumped Dorinda.\"It's okay DorindanMe and Gita will take care of you I promise..and of course you cannstay with us.I'll tell Gita and she'll call you tomorrow which isnnight time over there\"Rahim said.Dorinda smiled sadly over thenphone. \"Thanknyou Rahim..I'll get the plane ticket and I'll meet you in airport onnsaturday which is friday for you...\"Dorinda said.\"Pleasentry and calm down Dorinda..we'll see you in five days bye\"Rahimnsaid and hunged up the phone. Dorinda gavenanother heavy sigh.She then heard the door bell ring. She walkednover to the door and opened it and saw Aqua and Amar.\"Dorinda wensaw the news...we're really sorry...where's Chanel?\"Aquanasked.Dorinda looked at the floor. \"Chanel..shenleft...last night after watching the news\"Dorinda said.Aquanstood shocked but then ran over to hug Dorinda.Amar was also angrynwith Chanel.He went over and hugged Dorinda also.\"Im so sorrynDorinda\"Amar whispered in her ear.Aqua smiled sadly at Amar. \"Guys Inhave to tell you somthing\"Dorinda said.Aqua and Amar nodded andnthey all sat on the couch.\"What is it Doe?\"Aquanasked.Dorinda sighed.\"I-Im going back to India\"Dorindansaid.Aqua and Amar stared shocked at her.\"Y-Your serious?\"Aquanasked.Dorinda nodded.\"Yes..Rahim said that he and Gita wouldnlove to have to me over there so they said I can stay for awhile..notnfor to long just a month\"Dorinda said. Aqua starednat her and gave her a sad smile then hugged her again.\"It'snokay...just make sure you keep in contact with us please Doe\"Aquansaid.Dorinda smiled sadly at her best friend and hugged her tightly. \"I'llncontact you...I promise I just need to get away I hope younunderstand.\"Dorinda said.Aqua nodded saying that shenunderstood.\"When are you leaving?\"Amar asked. \"Imnleaving on saturday..i'll get there on sunday I think\"Dorindansaid.Aqua sighed and stood up.\"Please just stay away fromnVikram...dont go near him Doe..Just stay with Rahim and Gita\"Aquansaid.Dorinda smiled.\"I'll be fine j ust because im pregnetndoesnt mean I dont know how to take care of myself.\"Dorindansaid.Aqua nodded again. \"Well wenbetter get going...We're going out to dinner...are you gonna be okaynby yourself?\"Aqua asked.Dorinda nodded and hugged Aqua tightlynas she could.\"I'll call you later okay Doe?Let's go Amar\"Aquansaid.Amar stood up and hugged Dorinda tightly as well.\"Pleasentake care of yourself for Aqua sake she really worries and caresnabout you the most please dont do anything bad\"Amar said andnkissed Dorinda's forehead then walked out of the apartment. Dorindanwalked into her room and sat on the bed.She saw a picture ofnher,Chanel and Aqua smiling and hugging eachother when they were innIndia.Dorinda sighed.\"I guess we were never ment to be huhnChanel?Well I hope you have a great life I-I'll miss you\"Dorindansaid and fell asleep while thinking about Chanel. End of Chapter 4 That was so sad and sweet. Aqua really cares aboutnDorinda isnt that sweet? But poor Dorinda! I promise the story willnget better. And wasnt Chanel a realnbitch towards Dorinda? Which POV should the nextnchapter be? a)Dorinda's? b)Aqua's? c)Chanel's? d)All of them?[Chapter 5] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 5 Summary:Dorinda goes backnto India.Chanel gets a brutal reality check and goes after her.Aquantries to stop Chanel but Chanel wants to be with Dorinda.And Vikramncomes back.What will happen to Chanel and Dorinda's realitionship?Cannthings go back to the way they were before? Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Aqua/Amar Gita/Rahim Chapter 5 Aqua had beennso furious with Chanel.Why would Chanel break up with Dorinda afternshe promised her that they would be together forever?She didntnunderstand.Dorinda is so heart broken right now all she could do isnbe a shoulder to cry on.Dorinda was like a real sister to her and shencared about her alot.To tell the truth Aqua had fallen in love withnDorinda during sophmore year. Aqua reallynworries about Dorinda more than Chanel.Dorinda always seemed to be sonheart broken. She couldntnstand seeing her best friend so hurt.They have been Cheetah Girls fornfive years and have been friends for five years.Everytime the CheetahnGirls had fights Dorinda was the one who took it the hardest.But Aquanwas there to help Dorinda. -Saturday 12:30pmnDorinda's Flight- Dorinda,Aquanand Amar walked inside the airport.There were people talking andnyelling.Children were running around and crying for there parents. Dorindanturned around and smiled sadly at Aqua who has always been there fornher.Aqua looked like she was about to cry. Aqua didntnwant Dorinda to leave again.This was all Chanel's fault. Dorinda wentnup to her and hugged her tightly.Aqua couldnt take it anymore so shencried in Dorinda's chest. Amar didntnlike the sight of seeing his girlfriend cry.She has been crying fornthe past week.She really cares deeply for Dorinda more than she doesnfor him.He understood because Dorinda was like a little sister tonher.If Dorinda got hurt or depressed Aqua would be the same.Theynshare a special bond that cant be broken and will never be broken.NonOne or nothing will ever break that bond. Aqua sobbednquitely as she looked up into Dorinda's eyes that were also shed withntears.Aqua hugged her tightly while trying not to hurt thenbaby.Dorinda rubbed her back soothingly and lifted Aqua's chin sonthey are eye contacted. \"Aqua...Imnso sorry\"Dorinda said.Aqua looked at her through her tears.\"Whynare you sorry Doe?\"Aqua asked.Dorinda whipped her tears away.\"Indidnt mean to make you upset Aqua..It's just I really want to getnaway from all the stress and drama...It's not like I wont comenback..cuz I'll never be able to forgive my self If I ever left younhere..your my best friend Aqua I would never leave you here afterneverything we've been through these past five years.\"Dorindansaid and smiled at Aqua. Aqua smilednbrightly at Dorinda and hugged her again. Amar who wasnstanding in the back smiled at the beautiful scene before him.He knewnDorinda would come back but she just needs time to get away and henunderstood that. \" ALLnPASSENGERS FOR THE 12:30 FLIGHT TO BOMBIA INDIA PLEASE ABOARD THEnPLANE THANK YOU!\" Dorindansmiled sadly at Aqua who was looking at the floor.Dorinda sighed andnwent over to hug her.\"Please dont cry Aqua your to beautiful toncry\"Dorinda said.Aqua smiled sadly at her best friend.\"I'llncome back I promise...please dont cry anymore..remember our song thatnwe sang when we were in India?\"No Place Like Us?\"Remember?Wellnthat song is true..I'll call you once I get to Rahim's place I'll seenyou soon okay?\"Dorinda said.Aqua nodded and bit her lip whilentrying to hold back the tears that were threatning to fall. Dorindansighed and gave one last hug to Aqua and to Amar.She didnt want to gonbut she had to get away.She didnt want to see her best friend cryingnso she walked straight a head to her plane but then looked back overnher shoulder and saw Aqua standing in the middle of the airport. She began tonsing a song that she sang in India. Dorinda We'renstanding on the edge of something Do we stay or do we run It'snobvious that everything's changed Aqua Mynhead can't seem to figure out Why my heart is full of doubt Maybenwe're just tired of the game Dorinda Guess you never knownwhat's gonna happen So you do the best you can Following yournsoul might bring you back Or it may have anothernplan Chorus Please don't let it fly away, high away Gottankeep it together Feel for the flow Don't fly away, highnaway Please don't No don't, don't let it flynaway Dorinda We've never felt this place before Wonderingnif anymore We can find in us what it takes Aqua It'snnot about who's to blame I pray that they're just growingnpains Laughing while they're testing our faith Dorinda 'Causenyou never know what's gonna happen So you do the best youncan Following our souls might bring us back Unless it hasnanother plan Chorus Dorinda&Aqua; It's yes, it'snno We stay, we go Feels like we're questioning everything,nyeah We run, we fall, but through it all (through it all) Wennever thought we would break We never thought we would break AsnDorinda got on the plane to India and Aqua went with Amar.A shadownfigure in the corner of the airport had tears flowing from her brownneyes. End Of Chapter 5 This chapter was sad Inknow! But it was so sweet. Please read and review!:)[Chapter 6] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 6 Summary:Dorinda goes tonIndia.Aqua confronts Chanel about what happend with Dorinda andnChanel gets a brutal reality check.Vikram confronts Dorinda and triesnto apologize for what he did to her. Pairings: Rahim/Gita Aqua/Amar Chanel/Dorinda Chapter 6 -At Chanel's Place- Chanel hadnbeen at her mom's and Luke's place ever sense she ran out of her'snand Dorinda's place.Chanel was in a complete mess.When she saw Aquanbreak down at the airport she felt her heart rip in two.She also sawnhow Dorinda reacted when she saw her about to cry as well. Her momnJaunita walked into her bedroom.She looked in and saw Chanel sittingnon her bed watching tv.\"Chanel?Are you okay honey?\"Jaunitanasked she felt stupid for asking but she wanted to know.Chanel lookednat her mom for a second then went back to watching HannahnMontana.Jaunita sighed and walked over to her daughters bed and satndown next to her. \"SweetienI know what happened between you and Dorinda...I want to know why younbroke up with her?Is it because your afraid of being shuned byneveryone?\"She asked.She put her hand on Chanel's back and rubbednit gently.Chanel nodded and burried her face into her mom's chestnwhile she cried. \"I didntnwant to mommy I didnt...but I was so scared...I was scared okay!AndnBecause I did that Dorinda went back to India and stayed with Rahimnand Gita!I WANT DOE BACK!\"Chanel yelled and she grabbed thenpillow then threw it across the room and fell back on her bed. Jaunitansighed at her daughters behavior and left the room so Chanel can benalone. -In India- Dorinda gotnoff the plane at the Bombia India airport.She walked off the step ofnthe plane and tried to find Rahim and Gita. Rahim lookednup and saw Dorinda looking around.He smiled and grabbed Gita's handnand walked over to Dorinda.\"DORINDA!\"Gita yellednexcitedly.Dorinda smiled and ran over to Gita but not to fast afternall she is pregnet.Gita hugged Dorinda tightly.Dorinda groaned innpain as her hug tightend.Gita loosened her grip and smiled atnDorinda.\"Im Sorry..I forgot you were pregnet..Come on let's getnyou to our palace!\"Gita said excitedly.Dorinda nodded and theynwalked out to there car. Once out ofnthe airport Rahim stopped walking.Gita and Dorinda bumped intonhim.\"Rahim what's wrong?\"Gita asked.Dorinda looked in thendirection Rahim was looking.Dorinda's eyes widend in shock.Therenstood Vikram holding flowers and had a sad expression on hisnface.Dorinda bit her lip as she tried not to cry.Gita saw this andnher motherly aspects kicked in.She stomped over to Vikram and facednhim. \"Whatnare you doing here!?\"Gita yelled.Vikram flinched at the highnpitched squeak.\"I-I wanted to see Dorinda..\"Vikramnsaid.Gita shook her head and looked back over her shoulder and sawnRahim holding Dorinda in his arms while trying to comfort her.\"YOUnARENT ALLOWED TO SEE HER!\"Gita yelled again. Vikramnexpected this.He knew he wouldnt be welcome with open arms or be ablento apologize for his wrong doing.\"DONT YOU SEE WHAT YOU DID YOUnBASTARD!DONT YOU SEE WHAT PROBLEMS YOU CAUSED!?\"Gita yellednagain.Vikram looked at Dorinda and saw her crying in Rahim's arms. \"WHATnYOU DID WAS UNFORGETABLE...You hurt Dorinda in so many ways...you gotnher pregnet!And now Chanel left her because of it!Are you happynnow?YOU STUPID BITCH!\"Gita said and pushed him onto the groundnwith a loud thump Vikram fell face first on the concrete. She ran backnto Dorinda and they went to their car and drove home. They didntneven notice two people in white lab coats in the back round. End Of Chapter 6. Who are those people innthe white lab coats?What do they want with Dorinda? Chapter 7 will be updatednsoon Im sorry this chapter was short!please forgive me!The nextnchapter will be soo much longer I promise!:) Please read andnreview!THANXZ EVERYONE!:)[Chapter 7] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 7 Summary:Dorinda get'sntaken away by the Indian Government and get's turned into anpuppy/human.But what will happen to the baby?Will Chanel find out? Pairings: Rahim/Gita Aqua/Amar Chanel/Dornda Chapter 7 The people innthe white lab coats walked into there labratory.\"So is thenblonde gonna be our next victim?\"Lyth asked her co-worker.Lythnwas the head of the company The CEO.The male next to her nodded.\"Yesnwe put our plan into action at night fall we know exactly where thenblonde is going and she is going to be our next victim.We know thatnshe is pregnet so this project will help get the baby out of hernstomach as soon as she gets hooked on to an IV.\"Joe said.Lythnnodded and they both walked into the labortory. -At The Palace- Dorindansighed happily as she sat down on the couch of her room.Rahim andnGita was being so nice to her.They treated her like she was part ofntheir family and she was okay with that.She then heard the door knocknand quickly sat up.\"Come in\"Dorinda said.Gita came in withna smile on her face.\"Hello Dorinda did you sleep well?\"Gitanasked.Dorinda smiled back and nodded.\"Yes very much..Im justntired from the flight.\"Dorinda said. Gita smilednand hugged Dorinda.\"Well me and Rahim will be going out tonightndo you think you'll be fine by yourself for a couple hours?\"Gitanasked.Dorinda smiled brightly at her and nodded.\"Yes I'll benfine I might go walking around for a bit\"Dorinda said.Gitanfrowned.She was worried that she might bump into Vikram ornsomthing.\"Okay but please be careful Dorinda..\"Gitansaid.Dorinda sighed.\"I'll be fine Gita no worries!\"Dorindangave Gita a peace sign which made Gita laugh and hug her again. Rahim enterednthe door and saw Gita and Dorinda laughing.\"So why are wenlaughing?\"Rahim asked.Gita giggled.\"It's nothing Rahim it'snjust something between us girls right Doe?\"Gita asked.Dorindannodded and smiled brightly at Rahim.Rahim went over and huggednDorinda tightly and kissed her on the forehead and they both walkednout. -Later that night- Dorinda wasnsitting in the empty palace watching tv.She then heard her cell phonenring and went to answer it but she saw \"Chanel's\"Id numbernon it.Dorinda growled and put the phone in her purse again.Dorindanthen began to dose off.She was still tired from the flight.Gitanwouldnt mind if she went to sleep for a few minutes.She rested hernhead on the pillow that was on the couch and went to sleep soundly. -Outside The Palace- Lyth and Joenlooked inside the fron window and saw that the blonde girl wasndefinately asleep.\"Should we go now Joe?\"Lyth whiperlynasked.Joe nodded.They opened the door softly and tiptoed in side thennice palace.They creeped over to the couch and saw the blondensleeping soundly while stirring every now and then. \"Do younthink we should do this?She looks so peaceful.\"Lyth said with ansmall smile on her lips. \"Thenboss said so Lyth.As much as I hate to do this the boss with fire usnand we'll have to leave India.You dont want that do you?\"Joenasked.Lyth sighed and shooked her head. They bothnpicked up Dorinda lightly while trying not to wake her up.\"Wenshould put sleeping medicene in her so she wont wake until we get tonthe lab.\"Joe said.Lyth nodded and got out a needle from hernbag.She bit her lip and gently moved up Dorinda's arm and stuck thenneedle in her arm. Dorinda gavena loud yelp and woke up with fright. She looked upnand saw two figured standing over her.\"W-who are you?\"Dorindanasked frightly.Joe smiled at her.\"Where going to take you to annice home were you'll be treated better I promise\"Joenlied.Dorinda looked up at them with a confused look on hernface.\"W-what'd you mean?I-I like it here\"Dorinda said asnshe placed a hand on her stomach and gave it a gentle rub. Lyth shookednher head.\"We're gonna need your help with stuff and that babynwill be a good help to.\"Joe said. Dorinda wasnconfused.She didnt know what was going on.She felt her vision gettingnblurry and fell limp in their arms. Lyth and Joennodded at eachother.Lyth got out her cell phone and dialed thennumber.\"Yes...Yes boss we have her..would you like us to bringnher now?Okay..we'll be there soon bye\"Lyth said and hunged upnher phone and put it back in her bag. They bothncarried Dorinda to their labratory after leaving a note to the ownersnof the blonde. -At the Lab- Lyth and Joencarried Dorinda to their bosses office.Once there their boss Shawnnlooked up from his desk and saw Joe and Lyth with the blonde girl inntheir arms.Shawn smiled.\"Well is this the one?\"Shawn asked. Lyth and Joennodded.\"Yes sir she's the one we're going to do tests onnsir.\"Joe said.Shawn looked at Joe.\"Go bring her to roomn120A and strap her to the metal table\"Shawn said and went backnto his desk. Lyth and Joennodded and went to room 120-A.Once there they brought Dorinda to thentable and tied her arms to her sides with rope and at her ankels theynlocked a metal ring around them so that she couldnt move.Joe thennwent to the IV machine and hooked up tiny wires to Dorinda's foreheadnand to her wrists and put a oxygen mask over her mouth. -At the palace- Gita andnRahim walked quitely into the living room and shut the front doornsoftly.They walked over to the living room.They looked around andndidnt see Dorinda here.\"Do you think she's still on hernwalk?\"Gita asked worriedly.Rahim looked around and saw a note onnthe coffee table. He opened itnshakily with his trembling fingers and was shocked at what he read. To The Owners of thenblonde, The blonde girl isnvery important to us.Our boss needs to see if she is strong enough tonhandle machines and weaponary.She will be in good care do not worrynand as for the baby it will be fine.We will keep the baby so it couldnbe tested and used for electricty for our company.Thanks again fornletting the blonde come back to India. End of Letter. Rahim droppednthe letter onto the floor and stood shocked.Gita looked at her lovernand saw tears forming in his eyes.\"Rahim what'd it say?Was itnfrom Dorinda?\"Gita asked as she tugged on Rahim's sleeve. Rahim shooknhis head and sat down on the couch and buried his face in hisnhands.Gita picked up the note with her trembling fingers and openednit. After a fewnminutes of re-reading the letter Gita dropped to her knees andnburried her face in her hands and weeped and cried.What were theyngoing to tell Aqua?Gita lifted her head shocked.Aqua would be so hurtnif she found out what happened even though it wasnt there fault.Theynhad to tell Aqua even though they didnt want to. -At the lab- Once Dorindanwas awake she saw that she was in a bright room with brightnlights.She looked down at her self and almoset screamed when she sawnthat she was a little kid.Somehow these people transformed her into anlittle kid.She couldnt remember anything.Nothing that happened thesenpast few years.She was scared so she whimpered and whimpered untilnshe saw a big tall guy coming in the room. \"Ah Insee that project 7-10A is awake...hey there is no reason to benscared..\"Lesli said to the little one who was whimpering.Dorindanlooked up at the guy who was dressed in a white lab coat. Dorindanstared at the big man infront of her.She opened her mouth to talk butndidnt find her voice.\"No-no Dont talk your not allowed to talknonly when your told to got it?\"Lesli informed her.Dorindanwhimpered again as she felt a needled stick inside her arm.She yelpednas she felt it sharp against her vain. Lesli tooknthe needle out of her arm and got out a colth and rubbed her arm withnalcohol.\"Dont move im gonna go check on project 8-11B.\"Hensaid and left. Dorindanwhimpered as she knew she was alone.She didnt want to be alone.Shenwas so confused and didnt know what to do.She could feel herselfngetting tired by the sleep medicene.So she went to sleep soundly. -At Aqua's- Aqua and Amarnlayed down on the bed watching tv comfortably until they heard thenphone ring.Aqua sighed and got up from the bed and put on her robe asnshe walked into the living room. \"Hello?\"Shenanswered.She heard crying coming from the other line and quicklynstood up straight.\"A-Aqua w-we have to tell you something\"Gitansaid.Aqua blinked.\"What is it?Is Doe alright?\"Aquanasked.\"D-Dorinda's gone\"Gita said.Aqua gasped and droppednthe phone as she fell hard on the ground cried loudly.Amar jumpednfrom the bed and ran out of the room and saw Aqua on the floor cryingnand screaming. Incould be recognized by the distance Yeah, I could be the biggestnname on the screen Singing and dancing forever Signing my namenfor whoever Yeah, it's all in my reach Yeah If I give itnall that I got I get there to the top But I don't even wanna tongo If I have to go there alone So Stand me on top ofnthat mountain Let me, fly to the end of the world Yeah, I canngo anywhere But if you're not with me there It'll never benenough There's no place like us There's no place like us IfnI find the other side of the rainbow Will I find that the goldnain't worth any price Cause if we ain't there for each other Thennall I got doesn't matter No it won't be right to Give itnall that I got And get there to the top If you're not up therenwith me There's nothing I wanna see So Stand me on topnof that mountain Let me, fly to the end of the world Yeah, Incan go anywhere But if you're not with me there It'll never benenough There's no place like us There's no place like us Itndoesn't matter where we are Ornmatter how far Cause even when we go our separate ways We'll benthe place I believe that I can do it But alone I won't getnthrough it We know we gotta stick together Cause no matternwhat There's no place like us No, no, no No place likenus No place like us Stand me on top of that mountain Letnme, fly to the end of the world (Fly to the end, end of thenworld) Yeah, I can go anywhere (Anywhere) But if you're notnwith me there (With me there) It'll never be enough (It'll nevernbe enough) There's no place like us There's no place likenus No place, no where, no way, no price I'd pay There's nonplace like us No where, no way There's no place like us End of Chapter 7 THANXZ FOR REVIEWING:) Please read and review. Was this chapter good ornbad? please no flames[Chapter 8] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 8 Summary:Aqua goes to Indianto save Dorinda. Pairings: Aqua/Amar Chapter 8: -At Aqua's apartment- \"W-What'dnyou mean Dorinda is gone?TELL ME NOW GITA!\"Aqua yelled over thenphone.She was so hurt and upset that her best friend was gone.Shenneeded to know if her blonde friend was okay and out of harms way andnthe baby would be safe. After Aquanfound out what happened to Dorinda she cried and cried for hernfriend.She could feel her bond with Dorinda snap in half just like itndid when The Cheetah Girls almost broke up.She had to go there andnfind Dorinda even if she has to go alone and save her best friend.Shenwasnt going to give up when Dorinda needed her the most. She got upnfrom the floor and went to their bedroom.Amar quickly followed.\"Aquanwhere are you going?\"Amar asked.Aqua glared at him.\"Imngoing back to India Amar Dorinda needs me!Im not going to give up onnher\"Aqua said as she got out a few bags.\"But Aqua you cantnjust go you have to plan this out\"Amar said.He tried to grab hernhand but Aqua slaped it away.\"IM GOING AMAR!YOU CANT STOPnME\"Aqua yelled.Amar stood shocked.He never heard his girlfriendnyell like that.\"OKAY FINE!IM NOT GOING TO BE THERE WHEN YOU NEEDnME\"Amar said.Aqua stopped walking and kept her head down as shenstarted to cry. \"Y-Youndont understand Amar...I cant let this happen again..I-I cant letnhappen again..I made a promise to Dorinda that I'll always be therenfor her...I...\"Aqua couldnt help but cry.Amar felt guilty fornsaying that to Aqua.He walked over to Aqua and hugged herntightly.\"Shhh..It's okay Aqua Im sorry for yelling atnyou..please dont cry.\"Amar said.\"A-Amar...the real reasonnim so defensive of Dorinda is because...because I still lovenher...But I love you to just not as strongly as I do with Dorinda...Inknew I could never be with Dorinda because Chanel was in love withnher at the time and as a good friend I let Chanel have her...But whennChanel stared seeing Vikram I thought it was my chance to tellnDorinda about my feelings but Dorinda was so heart broken I couldntnhelp but keep my feelings a secret and now that I did that Dorinda isnlost and hurt some where in India on the other side of thenworld...\"Aqua finished her story. Amar didntnknow what to say.He felt jealous that Aqua loved Dorinda more thannhim but he couldnt be mad at her ever.He wrapped his arms around hernwaist tightly and hugged her tightly.Amar lifted her head by her chinnand kissed her fully on the lips.Amar pulled Aqua closer to him asnthey continued a pationate kiss.Amar moaned as he slid his toungenacross Aqua's lips begging for entrence.Aqua fully acepted. After a fewnminutes of kissing Amar held Aqua in his arms while they sat on thenbed and he rocked her back and forth.\"It's okay Aqua Inunderstand...Im not going to judge you or anything...I wouldnt mindifnyou wanted to be with Dorinda instead...Im not the kind of person tonjudge anyone...I care about Dorinda also she's like a little sisternto me Aqua so Im going with you if you want to go to India..\"Amarnsaid. Aqua rubbednher eyes and yawned.\"Maybe I should get some sleep before we gonhuh?\"Aqua asked.Amar chuckled then nodded.\"Yeah we couldnboth use the sleep..\"Amar said and they both layed down on thenbed and went into deep sleep. -At India's Laboratory- Dorindanwhimpered again as she walked through the dark halls.She didntnunderstand anything.She couldnt even talk or ask anyone for help.Shendidnt know what was going either.She had a brownish puppy tail in thenback and brown floppy ears.She was confused on why she was hear.Hernears percked up when she heard a baby wail.She got on all fours as ifnshe was a baby and ready to crawl to their parents. She crawlednon all fours to the sound of the baby's cries for help.Her earsnpercked up again as she heard the cries coming closer.Once at thendoor she put her ear against it and heard muffled cries and whimpersnin the room.She pawed at the door lightly as if she was opening it. She growlednat the door and stood on her tiptoes and reached for the knob. After a fewntries of reaching for the knob she finally opened it. Once insidenshe saw a baby inside a metal bar crib.The baby was trying to standnon his toes as if he was trying to get out.His little hands clawednthe metal bars.Dorinda walked over to the baby's crib.The babyngurgled as he saw someone walk towards the crib.Dorinda couldnt helpnbut squeal when she saw that the baby was reaching his tiny handsntowards her.The baby was to adorble to be locked up. The babyncooed and gurgled when he felt Dorinda's hand touch his.He went on tonhis stomach and kicked his legs happily.He was happy that he wasngetting attention from someone besides those people in white labncoats who never played with him.Dorinda couldnt help but giggle atnthe cuteness of this baby.She wanted to help this baby by getting himnout of this prison. She walkednover to the machines leaving the baby to watch her every move. She looked atnone of the machines and saw a red button on it that said selfndistruct.She tought it was okay to press it and she did. The sound ofna loud buzzer went through the building.Everyone screamed in panicnand ran trying to get out.Dorinda panic as she saw the baby cryingnhis eyes out by the loud sound maybe she shouldnt have pressed it.Shenthen saw a green button that said open and she pressed it.She saw thenbaby crib open and she ran over to the crib and picked up the babyncarefully. The babynrelaxed in her arms as she craidled him tightly.She ran out of thenroom but was stopped by two tall people. \"So Itnwas you who pressed the button...you've been a bad girl...hand overnthe baby\"Joe said with his arms stretched out.Dorinda growlednand bit his hand which caused him to yelp as he felt her fangs in hisnflesh.Dorinda found out it was her chance to run so she did. She ran andnran until she saw a door.She knew it was the way out so she used hernsharp nails and made a circle into the door.She saw the door open andnscurried out of the door quickly so that she could stay away from thenbuilding with the baby in her arms. -Later that day- Dorindancrawled slowly on all fours with the baby on her back.The babyngiggled as he felt he was lifted up in the air.Dorinda looked up andnsaw a man who she never seen before. Vikram starednat the weird creature that was standing on all fours with a baby onnit's back.He knelt down infront of her and stared into herneyes.Dorinda backed away as she felt fear in the air.Vikram stared atnher in shock as he figured out who it was. \"Dorinda?Isnthat you?\"Vikram asked.Dorinda knew she was in trouble by hisnlooks. -At Chanel's- Aqua stoodnoutside of Chanel's place.She hasnt seen Chanel sense before Dorindanleft.She marched up to the door and knocked on it roughly. Oncenthe door opened and Chanel stood in the door way.Aqua gasped at thensight before her. Chanel hasnchanged.She lost so much weight like she was so skinny that you couldnsee her bones popping out.Her eyes had huge bags under them.Her hairnlost so much color and her skin was more rougher than it was before. \"C-Chanel?OhnMy God..W-What happened to you?\"Aqua asked.Chanel glared atnher.\"LEAVE ME ALONE!\"Chanel screamed.Aqua stared at hernwith wide eyes.\"No Chanel I wanted to talk to you please dontnact like this...\"Aqua was cut off by a a fist at her jaw.Aquanstumbled but didnt stop from getting closer to Chanel.Chanel punchednher again hoping that Aqua would leave her alone.\"C-Chanelnplease stop...please why are you acting like this?\"Aqua begged. Chanelncontinued to punch her as if she was her punching bag to let out hernanger.Chanel was getting weaker by every punch.Aqua just stood therenwaiting patiently for Chanel to stop.She didnt like to see her friendnlike this.She felt so guilty that she left Chanel all alone with nonfriend to talk to or a shoulder to cry on.She was also there fornDorinda but when Chanel needed her the most she bailed on her andnstayed with Dorinda. Chanel gavenone last punch and fell into Aqua's arms and cried for her heartacenthat she had sense she left Dorinda all alone. Aqua heldnChanel as tight as she could.\"W-Why a-are y-you h-here?\"Chanelnasked as she cried silently.Aqua rubbed her back softly.\"Im sonsorry Chanel...please dont be mad at Dorinda or me...We both carenabout you deeply Chanel..We never wanted this to happen...Im reallynsorry I havent been there for you Chanel..I forgive you..Im not madnat you anymore just please go back to the way you were beforenplease...I like that Chanel than the new Chanel..\"Aqua said asnshe continued to rub Chanel's back. \"How cannyou forgive me for all the horrible stuff I did to you and Doe?I'llnnever be able to forgive myself!I found out what happened to Dorindanin India...Rahim called me and told me what happend..about hownDorinda turned into a little kid...and how they got the babynout...It's all my fault..\"Chanel cried more as she knew shenmade Dorinda leave and get more suffering and pain from their breaknup. Aqua didntnsay anything but held her close as she let Chanel cry for the loss ofnher lover. \"Chanel..menand Amar are gonna go to India and get Dorinda back...we're gonna getnher back and she's gonna be the same old Dorinda we have been friendsnwith for years...I promise\"Aqua said.Chanel stared at her.\"I-Inwant to go with you...please let me go with you Aqua...I really wantnto apologize for the way I've been to her..\"Chanel said.Aqua bitnher lip as she heard Chanel's voice crack up. Aquannodded.\"It's fine Chanel I understand we'll get Dorinda back Inpromise\"Aqua said and hugged Chanel tightly. End of Chapter 8 Im sorry for the latenupdate i had to get ready for school and stuff. pleaze read andnreview!:)[Chapter 9] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 9 Summary:Dorinda getsnchanged back to her regular self and she also forgives Vikram and shengoes back home with Chanel and Aqua.Chanel proposes to Dorinda andnthey become a family. Pairings: Chanel/Dorinda Aqua/Amar Gita/Rahim Chapter 9:Going Home Vikram didntnknow what to do.He brought little version of Dorinda to his home andnthe baby as well.Well wouldnt you be confused if you saw anninujin?She looked like one.He didnt understand why Dorinda was anninujin.He hasn't seen Dorinda in months after what he did to her.Andnnow here she is in a smaller version of herself with a baby. Vikram starednat the little inujin who was sleeping peacefully.Vikram decided tongive a call to Gita and Rahim who had forgiven him for what he did. He walkedninto the living room and went to the phone. Vikram was onnthe phone for an hour.Rahim and Gita showed up at his home in thirtynminutes. Gita rushednin through the doors.\"WHERE IS SHE!\"Gita yelled.Vikramnjumped at the sudden loudness.Vikram looked at Dorinda who was curlednup on the couch with the baby next to her. \"She'snover on the couch Gita but please be-\"Vikram was cut off bynpush. Gita ranntowards Dorinda's small form.Gita smiled.\"Awww isnt she sooooncute?!\"Gita squealed and scratched one of the floppy brown earsnwhich made Dorinda's fully brown tail wag ever so softly at thensudden touch.\"How did she get like this Vikram?\"Gita asked. Vikramnshrugged his shoulders.\"I dont know I found her with the baby onnher back in the park.\"Vikram said.Gita smiled sadly.\"I willnkill those dumbass bastards for hurting Dorinda like this!\"Gitansaid. Vikramnnodded. Dorinda gavena cute little yawn and rubbed her eyes with her paws.She blinked thennlooked up at the two people that were in the room.She searched fornthe baby and sighed in relief when she saw that the baby was next tonher. She picked upnthe baby carefully and set it on her lap then looked at the othernpeople again. \"Hellonthere little one..we're not going to hurt you\"Gita said as shenstretched her hand to Dorinda. Dorindanlooked at her.'I know this person from somewhere..I just know Indo..'She thought.She whimpered lightly and backed away slowly withnthe baby in her arms. Gita frownednat Dorinda's protectiveness over the baby.\"hey it's okay littlenone please dont be frightened.\"She said. Vikramndecided to speak up.\"SO Is Chanel and Aqua coming over?\"Henasked.Gita nodded.\"Yeah they said they'd be here bynsaturday.\"She replied. Dorindanlooked at the baby who was cooing and playing with her tail that wasnwagging at 200 mph.Dorinda yelped when she felt a hand on hernfoot.Gita laughed at Dorinda's playfullness.\"We should get thisnlittle one to the bath room so she can be all nice and clean!\"Gitansaid.Vikram nodded. Once in thenbathroom Dorinda looked around while trying to take in thensceneary.Gita smiled at Dorinda.\"I know you dont understand whatnim saying Dorinda.But We'll get you back to your old self in no timenI promise.\"Gita said with a sensire voice. Dorindantilted her head in confusion but then smiled at this person shenhardly knew.She knew that her and the baby would be safe with thesenpeople. New York CitynAirport/Saturday 1:30pm Chanel and Aqua looked upnat the airport.They were going back to India to find theirnfriend.Amar decided to stay here in New York just in case Gita ornRahim called. Chanel took a deepnbreath.\"Do you think Dorinda would forgive me Aqua?\"Chanelnasked.Aqua smiled sadly at her. \"That depends on ifnand when we get Dorinda changed back to human again.\"Aquanreplied.Chanel sighed and nodded. They both walked up tontheir plane and went in and off the way to India. Bambia India 9:30am Chanel and Aqua got offnthe plane and heard Gita yell for them. Gita ran towards them andnglared at Chanel before talking to Aqua.\"Come on Aqua we have tonhelp Dorinda.We need to find some way to change Dorinda back.\"Gitansaid.Aqua nodded in response.\"I know that Gita.Let's go I neednto see her.\"Aqua said sencerly.Gita nodded and they all went tonGita's and Rahim's palace. Gita's Palace 10:00am Chanel,Aqua and Gita wentninside the palace and saw that Dorinda was sitting on the living roomnfloor gazing at the television with the baby on hernlap.\"DORINDA!\"Aqua yelled.She ran over to Dorinda andnpicked her up along with the baby. Dorinda's eyes widened innshock.She stared at the person who was hugging her.She whimpered andntried to get out of the grasp.\"Let her go Aqua your hurtingnher\"Chanel whispered in Aqua's ear. Aqua gazed down at Dorindanwho was trying to wiggle free from her grasp.Aqua put her down alongnwith the baby.Dorinda gazed up at Chanel and stared into herneyes.Dorinda's heart fluttered.She recognized Chanel.Somehow shenremembered this girl.Dorinda smiled and walked over to her. Dorinda huggednChanel.Sense she was small she only stood up by Chanel's legs.Shenhugged Chanel around the legs. Chanel smiled and pickednup Dorinda. Aqua gasped.\"How doesnshe remember you Chanel?\"Aqua asked.Chanel shrugged hernshoulders. \"I dont know.Maybenshe recoginizes me.\"Chanel suggested.Aqua smiled and nodded. \"So how are we goingnto turn Dorinda back?\"Vikram asked.Chanel gasped at thenvoice.She growled. \"WHAT ARE YOU DOINGnHERE!!\"Chanel yelled at Vikram.Vikram looked at Chanel. \"Im allowed to benhere Chanel...Gita and Rahim forgave me so we became friends whilenyou were back in New York.\"Vikram said. Chanel gave Vikram an icyncold glare.her eyes were burning with fire.\"Well what makes younthink I'll forgive.Cuz That's not gonna happen!You hurt Dorinda tonmany times and I'm not gonna have you hurt her again.!\"Chanelnyelled. Vikram sighed.He knew henwouldn't be forgiven.He just wished that he could take back what hendid and this would never have happen.He thinks it's all his fault forneverything that's happen to Dorinda.Which technically it is. Chanel was still glaringnat Vikram.Aqua sighed. \"We have to find anway to bring Dorinda back to normal.Do you know anything that cannbring her back to normal Gita?Rahim?\"Aqua asked. Rahim shooked his head andnso did Gita.Aqua and Chanel sighed. \"What are we going tondo?\"They all asked at the same time to eachother.But none ofnthem could think of a plan to save their friend. End of Chapter 9 OMG I havent updated in anmonth!A MONTH!AHHH Im So Sorry to all of you who have beennwaiting!! I had school stuff to dealnwith and didnt have much time on my hands to get another chappie innbut this time I did!!And I promise more chapters will come!!ThisnStory isnt over yet!! Thanks to everyone whonhave been waiting patiently for me! Please Read and Review! Will Dorinda be saved?Willnshe ever turn back to normal?And why did she remember Chanel and notnthe others?If you have answers please tell me! THANKIES AGAIN![Chapter 10] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 10 Summary:Dorinda getsnchanged back to human.She doesnt remember a thing about what happendnto her.Chanel tells her the story.But the question is will Dorinda benable to forgive Chanel after what she did? Pairings: Chanel/Vic Aqua/Dorinda Warnings:This chapterncontains kissing and make out sessions.Also has new songs! Chapter 10:SavingnFriends/Making New Love Aqua.Chanel,Gita,Rahim,Vikramnand Dorinda walked up to the misterious lab that happens to benabanoned now.Dorinda held on to the baby protectively and whimperednsoftly as she remember the horrors that lurck inside that abanonednbuilding.Chanel looked at Dorinda who was whimpering.Dorinda lookednup at Chanel with puppy eyes.This caused Chanel to gasp.Aqua bentndown towards Dorinda and smiled. \"Dont worrynDorinda.Today we'll change you back to your old self.I promise.Younwont be a dog any longer right guys?\"Aqua asked.Everyone noddednand smiled reasuringly towards Dorinda. Dorinda's heart flutterednwhen she saw Aqua smiling at her.'What is this im feeling?Why am Infeeling this towards Aqua?'Dorinda thought.Even though she is a kidnon the outside she is still the same Dorinda on the inside. They all walked into thenabanoned building.Dorinda hid behind Aqua's leg in fear while thenbaby was cooing in her arms.Aqua went into one of the rooms and saw anmetal table with wires hanging from the ceiling and montors that werenstill beeping.Aqua went over to the medicine cabinet and picked thenlock that covered it. \"Stop weere you arenright now!!\"Joe yelled to them.Dorinda gasped in fear.Her floppynears bent down and her tail went between her legs.Joe held a gun andnpoitined it towards Dorinda. \"Leave project 7-10Anhere and leave immeadately.\"Joe said.Dorinda hid behind hernfriends in fear.Gita stood in front. \"NO!We will not letnyou have Dorinda again!You evil scum!You deserve to die forneverything you have done!\"Gita said.Joe looked at them. Did Joe really want tonbeing harm to Dorinda again?No he was wrong the first time.Joe sighednand kept his head down.Dorinda frowned at the sight.She walked overnto Joe. Once near Joe Dorinda putnher soft hand on his and squeezed it.Joe looked down at Dorinda whonwas smiling.Her tail wagging at 100mph.The baby also put his hand onnJoe's. \"Please you dont havento do this.Please help us change Dorinda back.We love and care fornDorinda please we'll do anything to have our friend back\"Vikramnsaid.Everyone stood shocked and stared at VIkram as if he was crazy. Chanel stared atnVikram.Her expression softened.\"You care about Dorinda?\"Chanelnwhispered.Vikram nodded. \"Yes I do.I'm sorrynabout everything I did.I want to take back everything I did.But Inknow I can't change the past.But...Im going to be a good friend tonDorinda from now on.That's a promise\"Vikram said. Chanel smiled and huggednVIkram as tight as she possible could. \"Alright.We'll givenyou one more chance.Even though you dont deserve it.But everyonenthings people deserve a second chance to make things right.And younbetter make things right Vikram and I swear if you hurt Dorinda againnyou'll be very sorry\"Aqua said to him. Vikram nodded innunderstandment. Joe looked at the group ofnfriends.They all cared and loved Dorinda.Dorinda was the one who keptnthe group together.He never had that as a teenager.No one would takenhim in as a friend.Everyone thought he was weird because he likenscience to much.Joe couldnt harm Dorinda anymore.He knows hencant.Maybe if he changes Dorinda back he could be friends withnthem.And they would except him for who he is and not judge him bynwhat he loves. \"Look..everyone..Imnsorry for all the pain I caused this group of friends...It'snjust.When I was a teen I was contently judge on what I am and what Indo.No one ever talked to me.Not even my parents.I never wanted to donthis.I swear I didnt.The boss threatened my family.He said he wouldntake everything they owned if I didnt help him with this project.Younsee when I first saw Dorinda here in India...I immeadately fell innlove with her.I know she'll never love me back.So I tried to fall innlove with Lyth.And I did fall for her.Lyth was the only one whonexcepted me for who I was.And I was greatful for it.Me and Lyth nevernwanted to harm Dorinda in anyway but we had to for our boss.I hopenyou guys understand.That I never meant to do this.And I was hoping ifnyou would forgive me.And Im going to make things right by changingnDorinda back to human again.\"Joe said. Aqua smiled at Joe.\"Pleasenjust give us our friend back.We need her.\"Aqua said. Gita felt guilty for whatnshe said earlier to him.If she knew what Joe had gone through shenwouldn't have said anything. Joe nodded and went overnto the medicine cabinet.He searched for the vial that was to helpnchange back Dorinda.But all of a sudden there was a loud bang. BANG!! Everyone screamed. \"Just what do younthink your doing Joe?\"Shawn asked.Joe glared at him.\"Imnhelping these people.They dont deserve this torment!Dorinda doesntnneed this!Im changing her back!\"Joe yelled at him. Chanel held onto Vikramntightly in fear.Aqua hid Dorinda behind her back.The baby kept cooingnand gurgling in Dorinda's arms.Gita gripped onto Rahim's arm as tightnas she could. Shawn laughed evily.\"YounThink I'll let project 7-10A turn back to normal!HA!Your sadlynmistaken.\" Shawn said with a sinister laugh.Joe lunged out tonthe taller man. Joe couldn't let his bossntake Dorinda.It was his own fault from the start.He needed to protectnDorinda even if it meant to give up his life for her safety. Joe and Shawn battlednthrough fists and every punch and kick you could hear Joe scream innpain. WhennI'm all broke down Heading for disaster And I'm spinningn'round Trying to find a clue And my head is tired Searchingnfor the answers Can't figure out How I'm gonna get through thennext 10 minutes Joe looked at Dorinda whonwas hiding behind Aqua in fear.He had to protect Dorinda by allnmeans. Aqua,Chanel,Gita,Rahim andnVikram stared at the scene in front of them.They couldn't believenthat Joe is protecting Dorinda with his life. \"GUYS GO TO THEnMEDICINE CABINET!GET THE PINK VIAL!CHANEGE DORINDAnBACK...HURRY!!\"Joe yelled. Rahim ran over to thenmedicine cabinet and searched for the pink vial.Joe's screams werenheard louder that before. BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you Baby I'm amazed what your feet canndo Baby I'm amazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you Baby I'm amazed what your feet canndo Baby I'm amazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh Rahimnfinally found the vial and opened it.He made Dorinda open hernmouth.He put the vial in her mouth and made her drink what was innit.Dorinda gagged for a bit but drank what was in it. Joenscreamed as a gun fire was heard.Everyone's heart stopped.The roomnfell in silence. SomehownJoe was standing on his feet with the gun in his hands and Shawnsnbody was on the cold hard ground in a puddle of his own blood. WhennI'm all burnt out Need a place to run to No one hears menshout Lost and all alone And I'm losing ground No onenunderstands me Can't figure out What I'm gonna do cause I justncan't take it Joe felt darkness surroundnhim.He saw that his body was also covered in blood.His own blood.Hentook one last breath.He knew he saved Dorinda from the horrors ofnShawn.And he knew Dorinda would be safe with her friends andneverything would be fine for Dorinda.He also knew he kept his promisenthat he wouldn't let Dorinda be in harms way anymore. BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you Baby I'm amazed what your feet canndo Baby I'm amazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you Baby I'm amazed what your feet canndo Baby I'm amazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh Oh,nget, oh Oh, oh Oh, Get, oh Oh, oh Oh, get, oh Oh,noh Oh, Get, oh Oh, oh BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you Baby I'm amazed what your feet canndo Baby I'm amazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh BabynI'm amazed what I feel for you (what I feel for you) Baby I'mnamazed what your feet can do (what your feet can do) Baby I'mnamazed where you take me to Don't you know, oh Oh, get,noh Oh, oh Oh, Get, oh Oh, oh Oh, get, oh Oh, oh Oh,nGet, oh Oh, oh Thisnis the end of Chapter 10 Pleasenread and review! Chaptern11 would be updating soon! Thensong was called Amaze by Vanessa Hudges from her new cd Identified.Injust got that cd yesterday!I love Vanessa Hudgens! Thankiesnfor everyone who reviewed my story so far!I Promise This story isngoing to be longer than my other story The Cheetah Girls OnewnWorld.Maybe After this story there will be a trilogy!Who knows. Butnkeep the reviews coming!! Thankiesnto everyone![Chapter 11] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 11 Summary:Dorinda gets sentnto the hospital after the traggic events that happened to her.Aquantells Dorinda her feelings for her and they get together.Chanel andnVikram get back together but they still take care of the baby.Amarnlet's Aqua be with Dorinda.But will Dorinda let her feelings fornChanel and Aqua turn into a battle between Love and Friendship? Pairings: Chanel/Vikram Aqua/Dorinda Gita/Rahim Amar/OC Warnings:This Chapterncontains alot of kissing and make out sessions.There is also a makenup!And more songs!! Chapter 11:New Love andnFacing Feelings Dorinda layed down on thenhospital bed thinking about the unforgetable events that happened.Shenthinks Joe didn't survive the fight that happend just a few hours.Shenknew she was right.Joe did not survive.He tried to save her fromngetting hurt.But did he really deserve to die?Did he really?She knowsnhe didnt deserve to die.She couldn't help but feel guilty for Joe'sndeath. Knock,Knock,Knock Dorinda groaned.She knewnit was Aqua who was trying to get her to talk to them. \"Come in\"Dorindansaid as loud as she could.Aqua and Chanel came in with little JoeynAdam Thomas in their hands.Joey was now 8 weeks old.Dorinda couldn'tnbelieve it. Aqua sat beside Dorindanand put Joey on Dorinda's lap.Joey smiled up at his mother.He hadnjust learned how to smile.He gave Dorinda the biggest 1000 wattnsmile.Dorinda's heart ached when she saw her child smile. \"Doe..\"Chanel'snsoft voice brought Dorinda out of her trance state.\"Doe...I-I...Imnsorry...Im sorry for everything that I-\"Chanel sobbed.She hadntears flowing from her eyes.Chanel mostly never cried.But now,now shenhad a reason to.She had let her best friend and once lover get hurt. Dorinda looked at Chanelnand smiled at her friend.She reached over and put her hand onnChanels.Chanel looked up and saw Dorinda smiling at her. \"It's okay Chanel.Inforgive you.But...your gonna have to earn my trust back.\"Dorindansaid seriously.Chanel smiled throught her tears and nodded. \"Dorinda..we..we havento tell you that...that Joe is alive.He is not dead but he is in ancoma...\"Aqua said softly.Dorinda felt tears of relief form innher eyes.She sobbed quitely.Chanel and Aqua also little Joey huggednDorinda as best as they could. \"Please dont crynDorinda..you should be happy for Joe.Im so glad he didnt die.\"Aquansaid as she sighed with relief and she put her hand over her heart. Dorinda nodded innagreement.Chanel and Aqua smiled at eachother.Chanel nodded towardsnAqua. Aqua took a deepnbreath.\"D-Doe...I-I have to tell you somthing\"Aquansaid.Dorinda looked at her best friend. \"What is it Aqua?Whatnis it that you wanted to tell me?\"Dorinda asked.She put her handnon Aqua's and stroked it gently.Aqua smiled and moved her hand andntouched Dorinda's cheek and stroked it. \"I-I...I-I'm...IthinkI'minlovewithyou!\"Aquansaid quickly.Dorinda looked at her with a mild confused look on hernface.She shooked her head.\"I didnt understand a word you saidnAqua please repeat.\"Dorinda said firmly. Aqua took another deepnbreath.\"I said...I'm in love you you\"Aqua said.She lookedndown at her lap in shame. End of Chapter 11 Im soooo sorry thisnchapter is the shortest one!But I wanted to make u guys guess. Will Dorinda Accept Aqua'snlove? A)Yes B)No C)Maybe D)I dont know you choose Please read and review! And again Im soooooooonsorry this chapter is sooooo short! I had school stuff to dealnwith and im doing projects it's so hard! Please forgive me! Chapter 12 will be longernand updated soon as possible![Chapter 12] The Cheetah Girls OnenWorld Sequeal Chapter 12 Summary:Dorinda and Aquanbecome a couple. Pairings: Aqua/Dorinda Chanel/Vikram Amar/OC Rahim/Gita Warnings:It's a Yurinstory.Mostly Aqua/Dorinda.This chapter has alot of kissing! Chapter 12:End of ThenCheetah Girls One World Sequeal Dorinda had agreed tonbecome Aqua's lover.Aqua and Dorinda live in their own apartment inndowntown Bambia India.Aqua is having trouble with trying to figurenout when to make her first move on Dorinda.Dorinda had been eithernhanging out with Gita or Chanel. Dorinda sat on the couchnin her and Aqua's apartment.Little Joey and Joe were playing on thenfloor.Joe had been out of his coma for a week now and her and Aquanhad let Joe stay with them. Dorinda giggled when shensaw Joey kicking his legs up in the air happily as he squealed whennJoe tickled him.\"Stop it Joe your gonna make him getntired\"Dorinda said in a motherly tone. Joe laughed and picked upnJoey and threw him up in the air while the Joey laughed loudly. \"Awww come onnDoe.Just look at him he's not even sleepy.Are you little one?\"Joenasked in a baby voice.Dorinda shooked her head. Just then the door swungnopen and Aqua with Chanel walking behind her came into the house.Aquanwent over to Dorinda and kissed her cheek. \"Dorinda..Chanel hasnsomething she wants to tell us..she said it was important.\"Aquanwhispered in Dorinda's ear.Chanel cleared her throat. \"I recieved a callnearlier and you'll never guess who it was!!\"Chanel saidnexcitedly.Dorinda and Aqua looked at her with excitment shown onntheir faces. \"Who Chu-chi!\"Dorindanasked.Aqua nodded. Chanel smiled at themnbrightly.\"It was Hollywood!!Im not lying either!!OMG!They wantnus to sing in their new musical!\"Chanel said excitedly. Dorinda and Aqua sequealednand ran over then hugged Chanel tightly together.Chanel was happy fornher friends.She knew that Aqua was never happy with Amar.Aqua is suchnan amazing friend.Dorinda took their break up pretty wellnactually.Dorinda was secretly in love with Aqua from thenstart.Hopefully this new expierence would change their lives. Later that night Aqua andnDorinda were laying down in bed.Joey was asleep in his little crib innthe next room.Oh I havent told u...The Cheetah Girls decided to staynin Bambai India because they thought it would be best if Joey livednsomewere he could be in the same society as his own. Joey's room had wallnpapers of spongebob(A/N:I had to put in a little kids theme for hisnroom!).Joey's crib was white and had fancy indian carvings shaped asnelephants on the poles which that was given by Gita,Rahim and Vikram. He also has the muppetsndolls.(A/N:I absolutely love the muppets!) - Dorinda'snPOV- Things couldnt get anynbetter than this.I finally got that family I have always wished for.Inhave Aqua's love,I have a little baby who loves and cares for me as Indo him.I have always wished for a perfect family.One that will lovenme.And thanks to Aqua and Joey I have that.I have a family that Incould go home everyday to.I love and care for my friends and bestnfriends.Chanel just wants what's best for me. I mean we didnt work outnbut me and her decided to be best friends.I knew Chanel was in lovenwith Vikram from the start.So I let Chanel be happy with Vikram. As for Gita.Gita is thenbest girlfriend you can have.I mean not in a lovey dovvey type way Inmean as a sister/friend.She was the one who helped me through all mynproblems she also helped my through all the changing into a kidnthing. Rahim is like a brother tonme.He has always been.Rahim is sooo sweet and kind.He was the one Incan count on for a shoulder to cry on and a hug for comfort. Vikram is sorta okay.Henchanged.He even apologized to me for everything that he did.I stillnhavent forgivin him yet but I will in the future. And Joe...Joe...He is thenbest guy friend you could ever have.He helps me with Joey.He declarednhimself as Joey's uncle.I have everything I have alwaysnwanted.Family,friends love a future what more could you ask for? -End Of Dorinda's POV- -Aqua's POV- Have I told you how much Inam in love with Dorinda?Well If I didnt then let me say that I am innlove with my best friend and now lover. Me and Dorinda have beennthrough some rough patches and struggles but we have always foughtnthrough them together.Me and Dorinda plan on having a stardom futurentogether.Also with Chanel of course.There wouldnt be The CheetahnGirls if it wasn't for Chanel.I have to remind myself to thank Chanelnone day. -Chanel's POV- I couldnt believe what hasnhappened in my life.Dorinda has changed my life in ways you can nevernimagine.And I am thankful for her. Me and Vikram are very happyntogether.We cant wait to get to hollywood.I still cant believe thatneverything that just happened was real.Was it real?Or was it mynimagination?I hope it was real.I wish Dorinda good luck with Aqua.Menand Vikram decided to stay in America with Amar and his girlfriendnKaita.Im so happy that everything worked out for The Cheetah Girls. -End of Chanel's POV- -Normal POV- Aqua's and Dorinda'snApartment: 10:00pm Bambia India Aqua and Dorinda layedndown in bed.The next day they would be off to Hollywood.They couldn'tnbelieve all this was happening.It was so much like a dream. Aqua gazed down atnDorinda.The beautiful blonde that was laying down next to her withnher head laying down on her chest.Aqua started petting Dorinda's softnblone hair as gently as she could. \"Is this a dreamnAqua?\"Dorinda asked quietly.Aqua smiled and shooked her head.\"Nonit isnt Doe..This is real..\"Aqua whispered in Dorinda's ear. Dorinda smiled up at Aquanas brightly as she could.\"I hope we could stay like thisnforever..I dont want this dream to end\"Dorinda said.Aqua noddednin agreement.\"Me either Doe.\"Aqua said. Dorinda sat up anlittle.Aqua and Dorinda stared into eachothers eyes.Dorinda's brownneyes were sparkiling as shiny as they could sparkle.Aqua hesitatednfor a few seconds but she leaned down towards Dorinda's face.Shenmoved her right hand and let it touch Dorinda's cheek.She moved hernhand and shifted it towards Dorinda's rosie pink lips.She used hernthumb and rubbed Dorinda's lips softly making Dorinda shudder at thensudden contact. Aqua sighed inwardly andnleaned down so that their faces were touching. Dorinda blushed when shensaw how close Aqua was towards her.\"A-Aqua w-what a-are y-yound-doing?\"Dorinda studdered.Aqua smiled. \"I've been wanting tonkiss you for a while Dorinda...will you let me kiss you?\"Aquanasked.Dorinda's eyes widened.But she nodded. Aqua sighed in relief.Shenleaned fowards so that their lips were barley touching.Dorinda couldnfeel Aqua's hot breath near her lips.She could hear Aqua's heartnbeating as fast as her's. Aqua and Dorinda movedntogether so that their lips were touching. Their kiss lasted a fewnminutes.They both broke apart and stared deep into eachother. \"I Love You\"Theynboth said to eachother. Ooo-ooo Thisnis love This is love This is love This is love Sonthis is love So this is love So this is what makes lifendivine I'm all aglow And now I know The key to all heaven isnmine My heart has wings And I can fly I'll touch ev'rynstar in the sky So this is the miracle that I've been dreamingnof So this is love This is love This is love This isnlove This is love Until tonight Love was a word Of anplace I've often heard A mystery Now its clear as it cannbe So this is love Until tonight Love was a word Ofna place I've often heard A mystery Now its clear as it cannbe spanish So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as can be So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as it can be So this is love Until tonight Lovenwas a word Of a place I've often heard A mystery Now itsnclear as it can be So this is love So this is love Untilntonight Love was a word Of a place I've often heard Anmystery Now its clear as it can be So this is love Sonthis is love Ummm... End Of Chapter 12. This is the end to ThenCheetah Girls One World Sequeal!That makes me sooooo sad!!Inloved writing this story!I want to thank all my reviewers who helpednme continue writing!! Should there be a Trilogy? A)Yes!! B)No WAY! C)I dont know! The song was:So This isnLove by The Cheetah Girls from Disney Mania 5!Thankies for reviewingnmy story! Created by Yukilover12! ","Summary":" The Cheetah Girls Sequeal Summary:Dorinda gets rapednby a Vikram.She gets sent to the hospital but "},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"My Bloody Valentine, Once Again","Author":"october57rain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10023538","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thursday, February 12 The back head of a man is hardly recognizable in the thick darkness that fills the air except for a slight hint of light that appears no bigger then the head of a pin. A voice whispers, \"open your eyes\", the dim speck of light slowly moves back and forth. Louder the voice persist \"Open your eyes,\" but this time it was not alone. The sound of several firearm blast echoes startling his eyes wide open. Burst of light from each shot fired can be seen coming from a chamber at the far end of the mine shaft. Turning back could be seen the way out. Blurred vision waves, eye lids reach half way closed when a voice murmurs, \"no.\" The elevator could be seen. To just reach it and escape, but echoes of more gun fire pierces the ears followed by several voices to faint to recognize and to far away to understand. Turning back towards the long corridor he staggers, not from drunkenness, yet still needing the cavern walls to steady the walk. The lights seem to hum louder then usual. He watches his shaking arm reach down the wall. His fingers spread wide pressing firmly each stone. From the seclusion of the chamber entrance he peers around and observes several men dragging the body of a man, dressed in miner's garb, to a coal car then coming his way. He runs back up the shaft and past the elevator. Faster and faster he runs, stumbling here, falling there until he makes it to the main shaft where he watches the men use another coal cart heading to the back of the mine and out the entrance. Going unseen and unheard he follows them to a small clearing where they lay to rest the body. He recognizes the men who did not see him hiding nearby as they walk back to the mine in silence. Once they disappear into the darkness he stumbles to the fresh grave and collapses to his knees. Running his hand over his head he feels something moist and warm. Frozen by the site of blood that covers his palm his body begins to quiver. Without thought without thinking he digs, hands clutching dirt and tossing it away, until he comes to the upper torso of the abandoned body. Without warning as the sounds of hollow deep inhaling is heard the miner swings his arm from his would be grave and gives a crushing blow to the face of whom he thinks is one of his attackers The sun is already setting when a young girl walks out the front doors of Harmony High School. While balancing a hand full of books she stands at the top of the steps talking on the phone to her boy friend. \"J.R. you said you would pick me up.\" While listening on the phone, she gets another call. \"Hold on, my mom is calling.\" \"Mom, what's up?\" She walks down the stairs, \"No, I'm waiting for J.R. at the school. He is just late.\" She sees a black mustang pull up and rushes her mom off the phone, \"Mom, he's here I have to go,\" Without looking inside the car she climbs into the passenger seat, \"Love you too Mom, see you soon.\" Putting her phone away she looks at the driver and gasps in fear, then grows angry. She smacks J.R. on the shoulder, \"Oh, my God, you scared me.\" She pushes herself against the seat and puts on her safety belt. \"Does this mean you got the job?\" She looks at J.R. in full miner garb and watches him nod. The mustang peels out of the school parking lot and swerves onto the main road. \"Hey,\" she is about to comment on the reckless driving when her cell phone rings. She hears her friend, \"Dakota, where are you. I am here with your Mom and it is a bit boring girl.\" Dakota looks over at the speedometer that has reached sixty miles and continues to climb. She is a bit concerned, \"Hailey, I have to call you back.\" She lays a caring hand on J.R.'s shoulder. \"Hey, babe is everything ok. You did get the job… didn't you?\" All she gets in response is a groan. \"Can you take the mask off?\" Her voice goes an octave higher, \"you're kind of freaking me out!\" Dakota reaches over to remove the head gear and gets her hand pushed away. Slowly he reaches for the lower belt clasp to the face mask and begins to take it off. Loosing control of the steering the mustang swerves into the other lane almost hitting an on coming vehicle. Dakota screams in fear, the car swerves back into its lane but over shoots and the passenger side wheels get stuck in the graveled shoulder causing the front tire to blow. The mustang fish tales back and forth then slides to a complete stop in gravel. He steps out into the early evening darkness and gives a growl then kicks the tire. Behind the closed door of Chief Axel Palmer's office sits a man in front of a long oak desk, while the Chief seems discontent over the papers given him. Without reading the full jacket he closes the file and looks at the man. For a moment he collects his thoughts. \"I just can't have this, not now, not in Harmony.\" Chief Palmer gets up and the man does the same. \"Why don't you come back next week, after I have had a chance to speak with J.R. and his mom about moving out of the house?\" Opening his office door he sees two officers and the receptionist quickly turn away as if they were not trying to listen in on what the stranger came to call for. He holds out his hand in gesture and the two men shake hands. \"Look, I can't stop you from being here. I just need time to talk with city council.\" The man walks out of the Police Station and climbs into his truck. When he arrives at the motel where he is staying there is a young couple walking into the main office. The lateness of the evening causes the photo-sensors to kick-in and the lights by each door flicker on. The man unlocks the motel room door but a sound draws his attention before entering. Two fire trucks rush by heading out of town, their lights flaring up the night. Inside the man quietly moves towards the only bed in the room, where the person sleeping is tossing and turning. \"Wake up!\" He shakes the shoulder of the man with his back to him. \"Come on, open your eyes and wake up.\" As an ambulance gives off the sound of several short but loud blows of its horn the man raises his voice, \"Wake Up!\" The sleeping man finally lunges up into a sitting position with fear pasted to his face. Perspiration makes his skin shine. It is Tom Hanniger waking from another nightmare about his past. Like a man with fear guiding each word Tom begs, \"I need to get out of here, the nightmares are back.\" He watches the man walk to the door. \"Larry, you and I both know this town would rather see me hang or tar and feather my ass and chase me out of town on a broom stick then believe for a moment I didn't kill anyone.\" Tom crawls out of bed with only his boxers on and heads to the bathroom. \"Tom, Tom, Tom, this is what you need. As your doctor I have to ask you to work with me. You have been living with these nightmares, shadowing the footsteps of Harry Warden since you were nine years old when he first hit you over the head in the mine.\" Larry opens the door and sees several teenagers walk by towards the Motel Office. He looks back at Tom. \"The people of this town need to know the truth Tom… They need to know who the real Valentine Day Killer is and they are never going to start looking while blaming you.\" Larry closes the door leaving Tom alone in his room and enters the next room closing the door, calming the conversations being carried on by several teenagers from out of town.[Chapter 2] Thursday, February 12 A young girl pulls the last backpack from a Ford Escalade trunk, \"Look you guys I still think this is crazy!\" she closes the lid and places the backpack with several others on the walkway. \"Skipping school, using my mom's car to get here,\" she shows great concern, \"Couldn't we have ditched somewhere else… this place gives me the heebie-jeebies.\" Two arms wrap around her from behind, \"Marsha, Marsha, Marsha, stop scaring your self.\" The tall boy reaches around and kisses her cheek, \"Besides we didn't skip school, the boiler blew and now we have a four day Valentine weekend and our parents believe we are camping up north, so stop worrying and let's have some fun.\" Giving a smile Marsha sees the two teenagers from earlier walk out of the office. The girl is waving keys in the air. \"Alright,\" she turns to her boyfriend, \"it looks like Russ and Carol have the room keys, we should get settled in.\" Another boy from the group hollers, \"Score-Baby\" and takes the hand of one girl and pulls her towards Carol. \"I'll take one of those.\" With key in hand he checks the number and the doors then walks down past the crowd of teenagers. A boy yells out, \"Hey Bobby and Cheryl, you might want your backpacks.\" He gives a sly grin, \"Well, unless you plan to sleep in the buff?\" Everyone gives a grin and giggle. Marsha picks up two backpacks and walks toward Cheryl who is approaching her. \"Thanks Marsha,\" she pauses a moment, \"Hey, do you know if there are enough rooms?\" Looking back, Marsha sees Dean her boyfriend waving a Motel key above his head and pointing back and forth between them. She turns back to Cheryl, \"Most likely. This Motel has plenty of rooms and we only need four of them.\" She looks into the parking lot and sees two cars pulling in and then back at Cheryl. \"Well, that is if Dexter and Abby don't show.\" After a girl hug Cheryl takes the backpacks and disappears behind her Motel room door with Bobby while Marsha joins Dean who is making plans with the others for the next day adventure. \"I hope we don't have to get up to early\" Cheryl states then walks towards her room. Along the way she hears a woman crying in the room next to hers and for a moment pauses at the door, moving her ear close. She thinks of knocking, but before she can Dean lifts her in the air and carries her off. Their laughter flows through the air, causing the others who have dispersed to laugh along with them. Inside the Motel office two older people in their mid thirties are listening to the owner and manager share his tale of the Valentines Day killer. Being very tall he leans towards the couple as he talks in a haunting voice. \"You should turn and run. For everyone knows Harry Warden ain't done. They say just a whispering hint of a Valentine kiss will cause his rotting corpse to swirl in the dust of hell and reform bringing down his vengeance on anyone who gets in his way.\" The couple hinted a laugh. \"Laugh all you want and stay if you must, but beware of Harry Warden or else you heart will be his lunch.\" He watches their faces grow with slight worry. \"And if Harry doesn't find you there is always his apprentice.\" The Manager turns and grabs a key from the box, then hands them to the young man. \"Mr. and Mrs. Smith,\" he grins at the notion, \"enjoy your stay.\" Looking at photos on the wall Mrs. Smith turns to the manager, \"Is this you and your daughter?\" The manager gives a slight growling sound, \"No, that is my departed wife. She was murdered five years ago, right here at this motel by Harry Warden himself.\" He looks at the photo. \"It is one thing to be a murderer, but to be a psychopathic murdering cannibal at a time when love is in this air is…\" Mrs. Smith interrupts, \"I am sorry, I didn't mean to bring up bad feelings.\" She feels the hand of Mr. Smith on her shoulder nudging her to the door. \"Have a good evening, Mr. Luna,\" The couple disappears out the door leaving the manager to wonder. He picks up the wooden name plate on the counter that reads Welcome to Our Motel and underneath it says \"Manager: \"Milford Luna.\" He shakes his head and puts it back then walks into the small apartment adjoined to the office where he lives. Emergency lights flicker through their colors of red, white, blue and yellow. Fire trucks help hold traffic back, should there be any on Duffie Hill road near the crest corner where a tow truck is about to finish pulling a once burning vehicle out of a deep ravine. The vehicle rocks on the edge and with one jerk from the tow truck pulling forward the front wheels land safely on the roads shoulder. Smoke still flows from the crushed mustang and the fireman who were once standing and watching over the edge for signs of error head back to their fire trucks. One fireman in full gear approaches Chief Palmer who is talking with the coroner near the county coroner vehicle where one victim lays on a black body bag spread out on a gurney. He gets the Chief's attention, \"Hey Axel, we couldn't find anyone else.\" He hands Palmer a license plate that reads, \"My2UGRL\". Looks like J.R. may have pushed the corner too fast this time.\" He puts a hand on Axel's shoulder as a sign of his remorse and to offer comfort to Axel who helped J.R. and his mother during a horrifying time. Zipping the body bag over the corpse Palmer stops the Coroner with a gentle touch of his hand. \"Wait,\" he attempts to remove the miners mask, but the detaching sound of the skin stops him. He finishes closing the bag for the coroner. \"Are you going to be able to get the miner's garb off\", his voice is choked from the smell of burning flesh and rubber causing him to cover his mouth, \"without damaging the body to much?\" His voice echoes with concern, \"I just want him to look normal if at all possible for Helen.\" \"I will do my best.\" The Coroner's words of uncertainty did not bring comfort. But they were not meant for comfort. He knew the garb was seared to J.R.'s body from head to toe and removing just the slightest piece would prove hopeless for any recognition. The firemen return to the smoldering car and are about to foam it down with extinguishers when a large blast reignites the backend sending eight foot high flames into the air and almost flipping the car onto the tow truck that is still attached to the front end by a single chain. Landing back on its melted back tire the mustang rears into the air and breaks the hook chain then begins to slide back to its last resting place. Seeing the teetering car a fireman nudges another and gives pointing directions and the two of them quickly rush to the vehicle, each on opposite sides and with simultaneous blows they swing the miner axes they hold deep into the doors and pull. Quickly other firemen rush to aide their comrades and together they hold the mustang on the brink of falling while the tow truck driver and Chief Palmer rush with cable hooks and reattach the vehicle to the tow truck and not a moment to soon. The little black car's metal screams as it begins to stand on its backend near the edge of the hillside. With headlights pointing to the sky, the mustang has flames rushing through what remains of the interior and out the windshield. Fire dances all around the body with a devouring roar. Everyone steps back in fear, then with raging power of a big block the car is pulled back down and dragged into the road by the tow truck where fireman rush in to douse the flames. Hours later as dawn approaches the tow truck following the emergency vehicles quietly go past the Motel where Tom is leaning against a support post to the long stretch of rooms smoking a cigarette. The scene draws his attention and he tosses the lit smoke on the ground then crushes it out with his boot. As he watches the vehicles pass he sees the lights on a police car light up and come barreling into the parking lot then come to a screeching halt in front of him. For a moment the vehicle sits, then the lights go dark and the door opens. Axel steps out with the driver's car door between him and Tom. Anger looms over and it takes all his unwilling strength to stop from pulling his gun and ridding the world of Tom Hanniger forever. His hand slides down to his gear belt and across the cold butt of his gun. Gripping the cold cylinder of his flashlight Axel swings it up and flashes the light into Tom's face. \"Why are you here Tom? There is nothing left in this town for you and certainly no one wants you here.\" He steps away from the car, leaving the door open. Tom responds calmly, \"I may have no one here, but I do have a lot here. The mine has stayed operational, only because I allowed it.\" He stops and steps into the parking lot. \"This is my home town and with the passing of my father I am now owner of a lot of assets in this town.\" Tom does not enjoy the feeling of bragging his riches, \"Sorry, you already know what part of Harmony owes its survival to my family and I having never lived up to the expectations of my father since high school football.\" Tom stops, shakes his head then with a calm breathe, \"You have my files.\" Tom turns away from Axel to head back to his Motel room. He gives the door a look then turns his head to Axel, \"Ironic that I am here in Harmony at the this Motel staying in room four, just like five years ago when you and I came head to head.\" His words hit deep in Axel causing his emotions to boil and watching Tom walk away before he has his say just makes things worse. With a deep loud voice he yells, \"Tommy you're nothing more then a want to be miner.\" Without words Tom approaches Axel which sends Axel into a guarding stance. Still holding back his rage Tom speaks with an almost monotone voice. \"Tommy,\" his voice gets a bit excited. \"You haven't called me Tommy since we were in grade school Ace.\" \"I am no longer Ace to you\", his voice bitter, \"I am Chief Palmer and you can address me as so.\" Axel reverts the conversation back to his agenda, \"Whatever business you have in town get it done and get out.\" Walking back to the car he turns to Tom, \"People here fear you Tom and as long as you're here they will live in that fear.\" A laugh escapes Tom's lips, \"They fear me, they should be afraid of you. I didn't kill those people five years ago.\" Axel storms up and points a finger at Tom his voice hardened with anger, \"You will never convince me you didn't slaughter our friends. You are a cold blooded killer.\" He pulls his uniform shirt out of his pants to show the scar left behind from Tom who jabbed him with a pick-axe five years ago at the mine. \"You did this Tom and when anyone starts to doubt you're a killer I show them this.\" Axel reveals a diamond shape scar on his waste then pulls his shirt back down and tucks it in. The word doubt sticks in Tom's mind telling him there is still a bit of hope. \"I am sorry Axel for jabbing you, but at the time I thought you were going to kill Sarah and me like you did everyone else.\" He stops for a moment when Axel's eyes look away and towards the room next to his. The curtains swing closed. \"It wasn't me at the mine it was Harry Warden.\" Tom turns back to Axel, \"And he has never left.\" He receives a burst of laughter from Axel who is returning to his car. Looking at his watch Tom sees it is four in the morning and after watching Axel drive away he returns to his room for more sleep.[Chapter 3] Friday, February 13 It is late in the afternoon when laughter sales across an open field. Its origin a large tree house high above the ground nestled between large branches. Inside two young boys are laughing and pointing at an adult magazine. One boy closes the pages and tosses it in a box. \"You can't tell anyone about this Tommy,. I took this from my dad.\" \"I won't.\" Tommy stands up and walks over to a small counter. He looks at the poster of Roy Rogers on Trigger who his rearing in the air. \"We need to get going.\" They gather there things and head out the tree house decorated with assorted posters. On one wall that has a lookout window, there is a poster of Buffalo Bob smiling with Howdy Doody sitting on his lap. At the bottom a caption reads, \"Hey, kids, what time is it?\" From the ceiling a yo-yo is dangling in front and on the floor sits a doll wearing the same Howdy Doody smile. The dust covering him shows he has not been played with in years. The long wall with a full size worn out door has a poster of \"The Rocket Man\" movie where a young boy is dressed in a space suit holding his ray gun. Ace aims his finger at the poster, \"One day I will be rocket man.\" He gives a childish laugh before leaving. On the other side of the door is a poster of the Great Albert Einstein. Tommy gives the poster a look of admiration then rushes out the door, being sure to close it behind him. He hollers down to Ace who is already on the ground. \"Oh Yah, Well you're not going to be flying until I make you a rocket pack!\" Soon the two are running across the open field laughing in the wind. A voice calls out, \"Strike him out and send his butt to the bench.\" It is Ace positioned by second base at a baseball field. On the pitchers mound is Tommy winding up for the pitch his eyes glued on the batter before him. He turns to look at his team mates then back to the batter. With all the confidence needed he pitches the ball. Suddenly a great darkness follows the ball and over takes it. The darkness clears and the young boy is no longer pitching as he is now sitting in a large room finishing homework when the phone rings. Walking into the Foyer he hollers, \"I got it dad.\" He picks up the phone and politely says, \"Hello, Hanniger residence.\" The voice on the other end is filled with fear and crying, \"Tommy, Tommy run he's coming.\" Tommy has to move the phone away from his ear because the voice is so loud. \"Ace, is this you?\" he moves the phone closer, \"Whose coming?\" Tommy looks through the big double doors to his dad's office where he sees him working at his desk. Then turns away and whispers. \"What are you trying to do, scare me?\" He hears the crying words of his friend, \"Tommy he killed my dad and now he is coming after you. You have to run Tommy, you have to run and hide. Harry Warden is coming. He's dead my dad is dead.\" The phone goes quiet, \"Ace, Ace, you still there?\" A loud crashing noise draws Tommy's attention to the main entrance where Harry warden has used the butt of his pickaxe head to break the door open. Tommy stands in fear the phone receiver still in his hand as Harry Warden in full miner garb and pickaxe by his side walks up to him and with one hand pulls Tommy into the air and carries him into the office then throws him into a chair by the door. Tommy watches as his father stands up and backs away pushing the wooden chair on wheels sideways. Harry Warden approaches the desk, his haunting breath filling Tommy with fear. He can't move, he sits in the chair and stares at the scene before him. Mr. Hanniger stands fast, \"What are you doing here, get out of my house?\" He tries to move from behind the desk but Harry lunges forward, forcing Mr. Hanniger back. \"Harry look, I am sorry. I was thinking about the men. You were drinking on the job and I couldn't take the risk.\" There is no response from Harry, just his heavy breathing. \"Why are you doing this Harry? It is not your fault your wife cheated on you. You should have come to me instead of that damned whiskey bottle.\" Tommy watches as Harry Warden turns and points his heavy pickaxe at him. Several voices can be heard shouting outside which quickly draws Henry's attention. Turning to Mr. Hanniger with his axe high above his head, Harry with killing force drives the pickaxe deep into the desk splitting the top. Mr. Hanniger responds, \"Their coming for you Harry, there going to take you back.\" Harry lunges his face across the desk giving a hidden stare into Mr. Hanniger's eyes then runs to a small side door and disappears. The Sheriff and other men rush in and catch the shadow of Henry Warden before he disappears. Their voices reach Tommy's ears but he can not understand the garbled words. Soon they follow out the small door leaving Tommy and his father to face the horrifying aftermath. Tommy sits scrunched in the chair his body pressing against the back. His eyes can see his father approaching through a twirling fog of fear rushing within causing the figure to flicker from Harry Warden to his father and back again. The room melts away and he is leaning against a coal car. He vaguely sees the control cage behind Harry Warden who is approaching, His ears hear a low grumbling and then Harry Warden's voice, \"If I'm leaving this mine, I am not going alone.\" The smell of whiskey nauseated Tommy who shakes his head trying to extinguish the illusion but coal dust fills the air and from within the cloud Harry Warden's goggles slip through with a red glow. The dust pushed with each breath fills Tommy's lungs as Harry speaks with a deep growl. \"You will be my retribution for your father.\" Tommy hears his father's voice and sees the paramedics pushing the gurney he is laying on into an ambulance, \"Son, son can you hear me. It is going to be ok. Please Tommy, come back to me.\" His father's hand gently cups his check. Tommy raises his hand. Tom wakes up with a cold sweat, his hand cupping his cheek, tears escaping. Shaking off the dream Tom slowly gets out of bed. Soon he is closing the door to his room giving Larry's door a quick look then heads into town. He sees two teenagers with backpacks walking out the parking lot headed in the opposite direction. With the sun warming them, Cheryl and Bobby hold hands as they leave the Motel parking lot for an early morning hike. \"This is going to be great,\" Cheryl seems more excited then Bobby. She turns around and walks backwards facing him, \"The Manager said when we reach the ridge we'll see the entire valley and the water. It is supposed to be a spectacular view.\" Giving a slight grin of support Bobby spins Cheryl back around \"Well, you better have a four course meal in that backpack of yours, because that granola bar was just a tease.\" He spots a grin. \"Just like you.\" He laughs. After giving Bobby a slight punch Cheryl looks both ways then crosses the road to stand against the welcome to Harmony sign. \"Take a picture of me with my phone I want to use it for my back screen.\" Giving her phone to Bobby she takes a pose. From the edge of the road she looks into the woods hoping to find the small trail the manager had talked about. \"There look, it's just beyond that brush.\" She gives Bobby a smile, \"The trail looks like it hasn't been used in years.\" She steps to the edge of the shoulder and leaps across the small drain ditch. Her hiking boots loose their traction and she slides, falling on her butt and slipping into the ditch. Bobby steps down to help Cheryl up then looks at what has been exposed. \"Oh, my God,\" he rushes back up to the road where his backpack sits. \"Don't move.\" He grabs his camera and takes several shots of Cheryl stuck in the ditch, but it is not just Cheryl he is taking photos of. Finding it a little difficult to get her balance, Cheryl asks Bobby to quit with the picture taking so he can help her up. When they are both standing on the road she is shocked to see the partially uncovered worn out sign. Just a part shows but the words Valentine Bluffs, faded as they were stand out. Excitement fills her, \"I knew, I knew it,\" she dances about then uses her phone to take her own pictures. \"We should pull it out of the ditch and lean it against the Harmony sign.\"[Chapter 4] Friday, February 13 Having finished the examination of the corpse the Coroner heads upstairs to Chief Axel's office. The Chief was just sitting down with his paperwork when he knocks on the door. \"Axel you have a moment?\" Looking up Axel sees the older man in the doorway. His face and posture showing stress. \"Sure,\" he sets his papers down and takes a drink of the fresh cup of coffee, \"Will you be able to remove the uniform?\" Axel watches the doctor who almost falls into a chair from exhaustion. Slipping a jacket file to Axel the Coroner leans back in his chair and closes his eyes for a moment. \"I haven't had such a long night like this,\" he stops what he is about to say and addresses his reason for stopping in. \"The body is ready for transport. Our lab is not equipped to handle the procedure and if you want J.R. looking like J.R. instead of some Zombie eating been dead in the grave for one hundred years corpse…\" Axel interrupts him, \"enough Jeff, I get the image,\" he raises his browse a bit, \"and not one I want to live with.\" Axel leans back in his office chair that naturally tips from his weight. \"Why don't you go home for some shut eye?\" Chief Axel leans back up and swivels his chair around. \"I think I am going to let this paperwork sit,\" he stands \"and head over to Helen's.\" Knowing the difficult task Chief Palmer now faces, Jeff gets up and heads to the door. He looks back at Axel, \"Give her our condolences.\" Jeff leaves the office and bids a good evening to the receptionist and Deputy on duty, before heading down the long corridor to the parking lot. Without keys he cannot drive home and realizing they were still sitting on his office desk, Jeff walks around the building and into the waiting room of the police station. \"Don't say anything Gloria, I forgot my keys again. The receptionist and Jeff both give a weak laugh. Giving a quick look at the open door to the Chief's office he sees Axel gone, \"probably on his way to Helen's\", he thinks to himself as he entered the elevator that would take him down one floor to his office and lab. Stepping out of the elevator Jeff turns on the overhead light that illuminates directly above him, leaving the rest of the lab in shadow. At his desk he finds his keys and is about to pick them up when he hears a clashing metal sound that startles him, \"Hello,\" he looks towards the darkness. The light slightly reflects off of the three stainless steel autopsy tables and twelve storage doors. Getting no response and seeing no sign of movement. His eyes pause for a moment at the first table where the body of J.R. lies in a dark bag. \"Tonka, is that you? I am too tired to chase you, you crazy feline, just behave yourself. I will send Gloria down.\" A thump on the desk makes Jeff jump, \"Tonka,\" picking up his keys then the cat Jeff turns to leave. Without warning, in the speck of a moment, a miner's axe drives its way through Tonka and then Jeff. There dying bodies pushed backwards until a wall stops them. The reflection in Tonka's eyes shows the head of a miner in his mask. The sound of his haunting breath is the last thing heard as it echoes across the stainless steel tables then fades away into the darkness. In front of the grocery store Tom stands outside looking through the long row of windows in search of Sarah. Wanting to go in but fearing if Sarah saw him she would turn and run. Tom just gazes. He notices the Red and Pink heart shaped Valentine Candy boxes that are lined up along the bottom of each window and it sends a slight shiver through him. A hand reaches down and removes a red box of candy. Tom gives Mabel a slight smile then sees the fear in her eyes. She puts the box back and slips away. Down the street from Tom inside a front office Sarah is finalizing paperwork. \"Thank you Jake for doing this.\" The sadness inside her shows on her face. \"The sooner I join my Aunt and Noah in Grandville.\" She stops and looks out the window towards the store. When she sees Tom standing there she looses her breath. Crossing her arms she turns away. \"Let me sign the papers so I can go.\" She looks back out the window but Tom is gone. After signing the paperwork Sarah leaves her car parked and walks a few doors down to the local clinic. Inside she speaks with the receptionist who sends her to the back. Sarah enters a large room where a woman is sitting in an over stuffed chair. The woman gets up and greets her, \"Sarah, I'm glad you stopped in before leaving.\" She gives her a caring hug and offers her another chair in the room. They both sit in silence. Not sure what to say and confusion mixed with fear leaves Sarah's words vibrating off her tongue in a quite tone, \"I can not get out of this town soon enough. If it wasn't for the store I would have left years ago.\" Sarah takes a deep breath, \"I saw Tom, standing in front of the store.\" She looks at her doctor, \"Am I going insane Margie?\" Sarah pushes herself deep into the chair while concealing her heart. \"No, Sarah, I told you, your imagination is creating those nightmares.\" She stops to hand Sarah some papers. \"Here, this is a copy of your file. When you get to Grandville stop by the clinic\", she pauses a moment, \"I left a message you might do so.\" Margie picks her note pad up from the small table next to her. \"Sarah you have to keep telling yourself it has only been fifteen years and you say your nightmares happen twenty years after.\" She thinks for a moment, \"In fact I think you should stop by the Sheriff's office and tell deputy Newby goodbye and the Laundromat to see Mabel, just so you can take those images of them alive and well with you. I think it will help reinforce the reality and keep away the nightmares.\" Margie smiles, \"I think those two have a thing for each other, just wish they would do something about it.\" Sarah gives a laugh, \"They do. Don't they!\" The two of them giggle over the thought. Sitting in his truck on the small incline of Duffie Hill Tom looks out across the bay at the Mine resting peacefully in the mid day light. The view brings back feelings of comfort and home. His mind remembers the joyous times of playing in the mine with Axel. How they would hang out and watch the men work and laugh at their faces covered in black soot. Through the years they were the best of friends enjoying the good times and supporting each other when the bad times came. From the glove box Tom pulls out the old harmonica he has kept since his tenth Christmas when Axel and he each got one and whenever together they would play. Wiping a memory tear from his face his smile diminishes and continuing down the road he doesn't stop until he has come to the front of his childhood home. Tom can not get himself to enter. Instead he walks to the back and looks out to the tree fort that had fallen apart from neglect, beyond that can barely be seen the headstones of the family cemetery. Tom walks past the fort and through the wrought iron fence to his father's graveside. After paying respect at the family plots Tom heads back into town. On the other side of the mine at the end of their path, Bobby and Cheryl stand admiring the view. With his arms wrapped around her waist Bobby nibbles a bit on her neck then gives a gentle squeeze. \"What about that lunch? I am hungry.\" Bobby walks to the blanket laid out on the grassy slope. \"Come on Cheryl the view isn't going to change.\" He unsnaps his jeans, \"So what will it be lunch or me?\" Cheryl turns with a smile on her face. Soon they are rolling around on the blanket caressing and kissing one another. With a gentle touch Bobby slowly undoes Cheryl's jean shorts then runs his hand gently about her waist. They embrace and kiss again. There bodies roll entwined on the blanket as they kiss and caress one another. Cheryl gives a little giggle at Bobby's touch. They roll some more while wrapped in each others arms, \"Wait! We need protection.\" Bobby slides off Cheryl and over to his backpack. At the same time Cheryl rolls off the blanket and slightly down the slope. Her screams send chills down Bobby's spine, but he still runs to her, \"Oh my God\", He grabs his cell phone.[Chapter 5] Friday, February 13 Just a few miles from Tom's place, Sarah is on the phone letting her Aunt know she was on her way when someone steps into her lane and stands there. Seeing the figure of a man dressed in miner garb with a miner's axe by his side frightens her so bad she over reacts, loosing control of her car causing it to slide onto the shoulder and into the ditch. The forceful impact flips the car onto its side, leaving Sarah dangling within the safety belt. The man hauntingly walks over to the edge of the road then leaps onto the driver's side. With the axe raised high he swings downward. The pick crashes through the driver door window throwing glass everywhere. The airbag burst as the pick rips through before it comes to rest in the driver seat, its tip piercing through the back. Coming around a corner into a straight stretch Tom's eyes grow wide as his mind tries to fathom the site. Barely seeing the car lying on its side he perceives the paroling danger and lays on his horn while picking up speed, which draws the miner's attention. The truck skids to a stop sideways in the road its headlights aimed at the wreck. A paralyzing effect holds Tom behind the wheel as he watches the miner approach. Soon they are face to face with only the truck window between them. The miner taps the glass with the tip of his axe then steps back and points it at Tom. If the miner had wanted to kill him this was the moment and Tom could do nothing about it in his frozen state of mind. But instead the miner walks away. It seemed like a lifetime between breathes before Tom could finally relax enough to get out of his truck and check on the person in the car. Standing on the back door he could see the dangling form. Softly he speaks, \"Sarah,\" his heart jumps, his voice raised to a normal tone, \"hang on Sarah, I will get you out.\" From his jacket he pulls out his cell phone then sees a police car pull up alongside. It is Axel and he is quick on the radio, \"Dispatch we have a two car accident,\" he steps out of the car. \"Is anyone hurt?\" Axel's mind was only on the accident and everything between Tom and him was on the back burner. Seeing Axel did not deter Tom from opening up the back door. \"It's Sarah.\" Carefully he slides down until he is standing on the large suit case. Stepping into the front seat Tom takes Sarah's weight against his body. He reaches but can't find the safety belt release. Axel joins them and together they work and before long Sarah is sitting in a daze on the edge of the road. With emergency vehicles in route Axel goes to the trunk of his car and gets out a blanket. He removes Tom's jacket from her shoulders and wraps the blanket around her then motions Tom to follow him to the truck. \"I can take it from here.\" He looks inside the truck, \"Where's Larry?\" Axel turns to Tom, \"I told him to stay with you at all times.\" Pushing his way between Axel and the truck Tom opens the door and stands on the running board, \"Last time I checked, this was a free country.\" He stares at Axel who does the same. The sirens could be heard in the distance and Tom not wanting to deal with too many questions continues into town. Back at the Police Station Deputy Newby had just taken a call. In a frantic he responds and bumps the short cabinet near his desk where the fax machine slides out of place. \"Gloria, who do we have on duty?\" She looks over the roster, \"Axel is still out there, but he went to the Hanniger place to talk with Helen.\" She looks at the deputy, \"That leaves Martin, who is on his way to the mine and Ben who is having dinner at the diner.\" Just then an ambulance went by with siren and lights. Going back to his desk to grab his roast beef sandwich Deputy Newby takes another bite then a quick sip of his coffee before tossing the remainder into the trash concealing the recent fax that has fallen there which reads, \"Harry Warden, escaped during a medical transport.\" He grabs his jacket from the coat rack, \"Gloria can you get Axel on the phone, there has been a body found at the top of Cherry Hill trail.\" \"What, Cherry Hill trail that has been closed for years.\" Dismissing her question Gloria watches Newby head for the door and hollers, \"Jake, you want me to call everyone in. Axel hasn't slept in two days and Jeff is off until Monday.\" Stopping with the door open Deputy Newby pauses, \"I think we can handle this one. Just have Dennis meet me out there. We're going to need him.\" The door closes itself behind him. A young boy is walking up the stairs into the police station as Jake is heading down, they bid a good early evening to each other. Inside the station the boy walks behind the long counter, \"Hi, mom.\" He places a candy box on her desk. \"Here, this is for the Chief. I think it's from Sarah.\" The boy grabs an empty desk where he puts on his music head phones and sits. Taking the box to the Chief's office Gloria gets a sick feeling inside. Over the years her husband has given her all sorts of valentine boxes, big ones, little ones and fancy ones. Not one of them weighed as heavy as the one she now placed on the desk. She thinks of opening the box, but the fear of what's inside draws her hand away and she leaves the office.[Chapter 6] MY BLOODY VALENTINE, ONCE AGAIN By, october57rain Chapter Six Friday, February 13 Sounds of laughter flow from the main shaft of Tunnel five where the teenagers from the Motel have gathered. \"Alright, quite\", Marsha gets every ones attention. \"It is Friday the thirteenth, nineteen- seventy-six and we have just taken the first step into our own graves, having entered the Hanniger mine where Harry Warden took the lives of anyone who dare enter during Valentine's day when it lands on a Saturday.\" She is interrupted by Russ, \"What, who says it only happens on a Saturday?\" He finds the power box and turns on the tunnel lights. A shiver of fear caresses him, \"This place gives me the creeps.\" The others ask Russ to be quiet so Marsha can finish. \"Alright, they aren't all on a Saturday,\" Marsha says then continues the documentary. \"It was the night of the Valentine dance, February fourteenth nineteen-sixty on a Sunday. It had been a tradition for over one hundred years and except for eight miners everyone was enjoying the dance. Two supervisors were inpatient to get out of the mine and left the controls to a new kid, Tom Hanniger. While everyone danced and enjoyed the party, including the two supervisors there was an explosion in the mine, burying six miners. For weeks everyone worked to clear the mine, hoping to find the miners still alive, but instead, they only found Harry Warden alive chewing on the body of a miner.\" Marsha stops when Carol let out an eerie sound. Again Marsha is interrupted, \"Turn the camera off.\" Sandra walks over to Dean, \"This is supposed to be a documentary about what happened here. I think we need to add movement and not just have Marsha stand next to those boxes on wheels.\" Dean dangles the camera by his side. \"We will be moving,\" he looks at Dwayne, \"do you have the map?\" Along with the others Dean watches Dwayne move to the left and then to the right. After watching his sign language, Dean gives the alright sign back. \"We can continue the next part while walking down the mine shaft,\" he turns to Sandra, \"Will this work for you Sandy?\" \"Yes,\" she gets a little closer to Dean who she dated before Marsha, but liked Dwayne at the same time. \"I just don't see why Marsha gets to do all the narrating.\" Her voice gets a little snooty, \"She probably went out with you just so she could get the lead role in our documentary assignment!\" Being deaf, Dwayne learned to read lips very well and could see the admiration Sandy still held for Dean. He pulls her to the side and they talk with their hands. Feeling he is not good enough Dwayne lowers his head. A gentle hand caresses his cheek and he sees the sparkle in Sandy's eyes. Soon they are kissing. The other four are using flashlights, adding light to the dimly lit corridor they are considering. \"Are you sure this tunnel leads to the entrance at the back of the mine?\" Dean gets a nod from Dwayne. \"Great\", he demands every ones attention, \"Before we head down, lets get some photos of everyone in the coal cars.\" An idea comes to Carol, \"Say, do those things still work?\" We could do part of the documentary with Marsha up front and the rest of us in the back.\" Liking the idea Dean and Russ go to work clearing the timbers that lay in front of the track. \"Carol get Dwayne out of the kissing pool so he can check the controls. He is the only electrician here and the only one who has worked the coal mines.\" He stops for a moment. \"Oh, see if he can get us some miner gear?\" With everyone in the coal cars a remote control camera is flashing pictures. First some serious shots and then Russ and Carol start posing as victims of Harry Warden and soon everyone is having a good time changing poses and just fooling around as the camera controlled by Russ continues to click. Next Russ takes some single and couple pictures of everyone then loads his gear into the last car. In the front car Dean is facing backwards taking video of Marsha, with Dwayne and Sandy behind her in one car then Russ and Carol in the next. Dwayne has the control box in his hand and pushes the button. The cars creek and clang the wheels begin to turn. Cling-Clang they slowly move. Each car tipping just a bit as the inside wheels run over a board that had fallen off the front car and landed underneath on the rail. Soon the cars are moving down the track leaving what little day light remains and as the last car wheel runs over the board it is flipped into the air and towards the front of the mine. While turning over in mid air, the sign takes pause in its spinning and it reads, \"Line down for repair\", before it lands upside down in the dirt. Russ and Carol put on miner's mask as does Dwayne and Cheryl. Marsha holds hers up as Dean begins filming. \"The nightmares started in nineteen-sixty-one,\" Marsha begins, \"One year after the fatal mine collapse, on a Tuesday evening just hours before the annual Valentine dance. Harry Warden entered the home of Mr. Palmer and brutally killed him with his axe.\" Marsha holds up a miner's axe. A slight bump in their travels causes her to drop the heavy weight that clangs against the car. \"Oh, sorry, should we start again?\" The tip of the pick axe is clipped by a wheel, sending it into the far wall where it bounces back, just missing Dwayne as it passes across the coal car and against the other wall where its pick sticks into the wood. \"Whoa,\" Cheryl feels the lump of fear in her throat, \"Hey, watch it up there.\" She looks at Dwayne who is just as scared. The cars continue traveling on flat ground then begin to descend. Dean looks at Russ, \"Are you sure this goes to the back of the mine? We are heading downward.\" He watches Russ look over the map who gives a thumb up. The cars begin to move faster as the ground slopes below the wheels. The girls give a scream and then laugh. Dean continues to video. His camera catches a shadow behind them. \"What was that?\" Everyone looks back but sees nothing. Suddenly there is no more track and the cars crash into the dirt. The sound of metal hitting metal echo through the mine along with screams as bodies are thrown out of the cars that are piling up as they hit the shaft walls. Dean who went flying first is knocked unconscious when his head hits a header beam, his camera still video taping. As the cars flip and crash tossing bodies into the walls the video captures the shadow of a man approaching from the entrance. Marsha can see the man, but she is trapped under timbers. Carol is checking on Dwayne who managed to stay in his coal car as it flew threw the air. Russ staggers to his feet trying to find Carol through all the dust. He sees Sandy and helps her stand. Blood is running down her forehead and her arm is in severe pain. \"Oh my God, it's Harry Warden,\" Carol climbs over the pile of cars where Russ and Sandy are, \"Its Harry Warden, he, he's coming!\" They all look back from where they started and can see the figure approaching. Carol grabs onto Russ not realizing Sandy has a broken arm and when she knocks into her the pain is unbearable. Her scream bounces off the corridor walls. Dwayne who is bruised with abrasions can feel the vibration of her screams and finds her being tended to by Russ and Carol. Hidden from their view by the settling dust and car pile Dean is slowly coming too. His blurred vision and the dim lights that trace the corridor barely give sight, but he can tell they are not alone. Clinging to his camera he staggers around the cars and motions everyone to move. \"We can't!\" Carol cries. \"Marsha is trapped under some fallen wood.\" \"No\", a weak voice calls out, \"I am here.\" Marsha accepts the hug invitation from Dean. She feels a pain, \"Ouch, I think we should go.\" Outside at the main gate to the mine Martin is getting the call about the body at Cherry Hill. \"Do you need me there? I haven't finished my rounds at the mine.\" Back at the accident Axel has also received the dispatch. He walks over to the ambulance, \"Sarah, are you going to be ok, I just got a call…\" his words are interrupted by her nod. \"Wait, could you please get me my purse.\" Sarah watches Leonard and Cynthia work on her wounds. \"Cynthia when are you leaving?\" she sees the slight surprise on her face, \"Your brother told me your taking the intern position at the Grandville emergency room.\" Axel looks through the car and can see Sarah's purse tucked under the passenger seat where it had fallen during the wreck, her cell phone on the dash. Climbing down he feels the pain of loss inside him and can barely hold back the tears as he thinks of Sarah going through the accident and the fear she must of felt. A terrifying reality sweeps over him of how close he came to loosing her forever. The emotions quickly pass when a Valentine box slides out from the seat as he pulls on her purse. Blaine looks into the car, \"Hey the tow truck is almost here and the ambulance is ready to go.\" He sees the Valentine box in Axel's hand, \"no way.\" \"Take these to Sarah,\" he hands the purse and cell phone to Blaine, \"and don't say a word about this.\" Getting out of the car Axel can see the back doors to the ambulance are closed and he watches Blaine disappear to the driver's side. Once the ambulance has taken off he climbs out of the ditch and tosses the candy box onto the seat of his car. Thinking over what to do he decides to call in, \"Gloria, you have your ears on.\" He gets a quick response. \"I am going to head home and get some sleep.\" He watches the tow truck turn in the road and then back up towards the ditch. \"After I help Dan with the car. There should be enough help on Cherry Hill.\" When Ben received the call at the diner he tossed money on the table and headed out, giving his waitress a bid farewell. Close behind him Mr. and Mrs. Smith followed after over hearing the conversation. \"What do you think Betty? Could Harry Warden be back in town and starting his holiday slaying?\" They climb into their car and follow some distance behind Deputy Daniel. \"Really Clarke, you want to have this story so bad… You seem overly happy about a dead body.\"[Chapter 7] MY BLOODY VALENTINE, ONCE AGAIN By, october57rain Chapter Seven Friday, February 13 Watching Ben's police car take the service road to the top of Cherry Hill trail, Clarke pulls over. \"We're going to have to walk from here. Bring your gear.\" From the back seat Betty grabs her camera equipment and hurries to catch up with Clarke who is not slowing down. In a small clearing Deputy Newby and Hinch are standing by a police car with Bobby in the back impatiently waiting. \"How is it going over at Eastford?\" \"It has a lot less drama then this\" Hinch looks at Bobby, \"That kid's memory is going to be marked for life.\" Hinch sees Ben's car pulling in. \"So why are you wearing the deputy getup, you're the Chief now.\" He watches Ben approach. \"Maybe you're not that excited about it!\" Giving just a grin over Hinch's comment, Jake turns to Ben who has joined them. \"Ben, I need you to take this young man to the Motel and check to see if his girl friend made it back safe.\" They start walking towards the area sectioned off by yellow tape where Dennis is taking photos while two others are searching the surrounding area for evidence. \"Apparently she fell onto the body and it scared her so bad she took off running leaving this one behind.\" Just outside the tape Hinch stops, \"Jake why don't you and Ben stay here and I will take the boy down with me. I was on my way to dinner when the call came in.\" He takes a sigh breath, \"besides I am a civilian on this one.\" Turning to Hinch who seems uninterested Jake agrees, \"When you get Mr. Long to the motel could you see if Miss Post made it back safely.\" After receiving a nod deputy Newby joins Dennis and Ben. \"It looks like you have everything handled here. I am going to head back to town.\" He looks at Dennis, \"Send a sample tissue and let me know the results as soon as their in.\" \"Do you want me to do that tonight,\" Dennis ask as he takes some final photos of the scene.\" Newby responds with a heavy voice, \"Yes, damn it!\" Then he stops, \"Sorry\", he is flustered, \"They should take Valentine's Day off the calendar.\" He looks the scene over, examining with his eyes the skeleton remains of what looks like a woman with long hair. Her skin mostly peeled away from muscle that has liquefied, sliming the bones and making easy carrying of food for the insects that are crawling about her skull. One eye ball has sunk deep into the socket and the other is gone.\" Looks like she was killed by that axe her arms are wrapped round.\" He shakes his head, \"Check the back of her skull, you will probably find a hole just behind that empty eye socket.\" After carefully turning the skull Dennis looks up at Jake, \"Your right. She was brutally jabbed and there is a clean hole in the back of her skull.\" He stands, \"The scavengers probably carted off most her brain, but I will do an analysis.\" He climbs out of the hole. \"This woman was stabbed twice. It looks like her chest area took a blow. There are broken bone fragments and her upper spine has an impression.\" Dennis takes off his latex gloves. \"I will know more once we get her back to the lab.\" The rescue team waits for orders and once given they carefully remove the remains from the shallow grave. \"Ben, what is that?\" Lying in the dirt is a heart shaped candy box. Ben leans down to pull it out but Jake stops him, \"don't touch anything, lets head back to town and we can check this out tomorrow.\" Following the gurney to the ambulance Jake wonders who is missing in town or did they overlook someone fifteen years ago or even five years ago. He can't thing of anyone who disappeared or wasn't found alive hiding or dead from Harry's insanity. \"Dennis, do me a favor. Take her over to Grandville. I want to know who, when and how about this body fast.\" The ambulance pulls away leaving Ben and Jake at the scene. \"Looks like I better step up to the plate and put on my uniform. Tomorrow is Valentine's Day and I am hoping this town can make it through without a scratch.\" Jake heads to his car and soon the two officers are driving away leaving behind the scene and two characters who finally step out of the woods. Approaching the empty grave Clarke starts pointing while Betty starts snapping pictures. \"Let's head over to Grandville after we're done here. We need to find out all we can about that corpse.\" Back at the motel Dean is pulling in. His head wrapped with white bandages. He can see Bobby pacing back and forth. \"Hey Bobby you missed out on some crazy crap at the mine. He heads to his room and unlocks the door. Before he can enter Bobby grabs his wrist. \"Hey\" he gives Bobby a look. Worry and fear swirl through Bobby like a twister out of control, \"Have you seen Cheryl?\" he looks at Dean. \"Have you?\" His body shivers with fear. \"We went up Cherry Hill and it was fine. We found an open grave,\" he paces, \"A grave Dean a grave!\" His voice filtered with quivers as his tone raises and lowers, \"I can't find Cheryl, she ran. She fell and her arm went through the body and she ran Dean.\" He knocks his head on the building, \"Where is she,\" he leans against the building. \"We will find her.\" Dean looks Bobby in the eye with sincerity, \"Cheryl has always been able to take care of herself.\" He starts walking towards Bobby and Cheryl's room. \"Did you look for a note?\" For a moment his words freeze Bobby in place then his mind snaps back to reality and he rushes to his room. Inside, Bobby starts rummaging carelessly through everything as Dean, leans against the threshold and watches him until he sees a paper taped to the bathroom mirror and alerts Bobby. The note was from Cheryl letting Bobby know she had called her mom and was heading home. This didn't sit well with Bobby as the knots twisted tighter in his stomach. \"I am going to have to call my parents too!\" He lies down on the bed, staring into nothingness. Walking back to the door Dean gets Bobby's attention, \"Look you don't have to go home. We still have the party. Just call in a few hours and make sure Cheryl is alright.\" With one last look at his friend Dean heads out the door. \"Just get some rest.\" Inside room number four, Tom gives a look out his window just as Dean walks by. \"Larry, I need to head over to the house.\" He turns and sees Larry put on his coat, \"Really you're going to cling to me like some puppy dog?\" He grabs his jacket. Opening the door Larry just grins, \"Look Tom, the Chief said to stick with you so I am sticking with you.\" He watches Tom close the door, \"besides I could use some fresh air.\" A voice calls out Tom's name, it is Milford the Motel Manager. \"Hey,\" he approaches Larry and Tom, \"did you hear, they found a dead body up on the Cherry Hill trail.\" He hands Tom a note. \"Someone left this for you in the office, while I was out and I thought you might like to read it.\" He points his finger at the folded note in Tom's hand. \"It really doesn't say much,\" Milford leans back in a happily defensive way, \"sorry I couldn't help not read, who ever left it, had it laid out for anyone to read.\" \"That's ok Mel.\" He places the note in his pocket, \"I'm sorry to hear about the Mrs.'s\" \"I should have been here, but you know how marriages go, she threw me out earlier that week and as usual told me I was dead to her. In fact she had the whole town fooled a few times into thinking I had been dead for years.\" Mel stops in thought, \"That was a bizarre night. She was electrocuted on the ceiling and that same night my dad's pacemaker got fried when he grabbed some electrical wires.\" He shakes his head, \"The fool, he didn't belong fixing the barn wires.\" Before he could finish a voice calls out to him. It is soft and seductive, yet demanding attention at the same time, \"Mel, dear come back in, the hot tub is ready.\" The three men see the figure of a woman shadowed by the office lights where she stands in the doorway looking like the next model for a truckers mud flap. Turning to leave Mel looks back, \"She is a bit tall for me, but boy is she freaky!\" He gives a big grin. \"Have a good evening Tom and don't worry about Harry Warden he is locked in chains.\" While Tom and Larry head to the family homestead Axel is checking up on Sarah in the emergency room. \"Sarah, I wish you would reconsider. One night in the hospital will give you plenty of rest.\" Axel looks out the closed curtains and sees Sandra disappear behind a closed curtain with a cast on one arm. \"Look Axel, I appreciate the concern but Aunt Maxine is on her way and I just want to get to Noah.\" She grabs her purse and places the cell phone inside. \"You look tired. Instead of worrying about me you should check in and get some rest.\" She watches Axel turn to her then look away. \"Axel, I am not going to do this.\" \"J.R. is dead!\" Axel held back his grief. \"Oh, my God, what happened?\" Tears form as she holds back the sorrow. \"J.R. was going too fast and went over Duffie Hill.\" \"I need to see Helen, first Red and now his son. Aunt Maxine and I will stop by on our way out of town.\" Without responding Axel walks away after seeing Martin talking with two girls. \"Hey, Martin what's going on?\" He joins them, giving the two girls a slightly hidden look of admiration. \"Hello,\" he receives a giggly response from both girls. After getting the details of the kids in the mine and Martin stopping them as they were running out Axel lectures a bit about staying out of the mine then heads over to \"The Cage\" bar.[Chapter 8] MY BLOODY VALENTINE, ONCE AGAIN By, october57rain Chapter Eight Friday, February 13 Standing at the front door Tom hesitates wondering if he should walk in or knock. \"Why is there a funeral wreath on the door?\" He looks to Larry who shrugs his shoulders. \"Not much help in the real world without your favorite chair- are you?\" The door opens, surprising them. A young woman with red hair and green eyes stands looking at them, \"Hello Tom, we heard you were back.\" She steps away opening the door wider, \"suppose you don't need inviting in to your own home now do you.\" She watches the two men walk in then quietly closes the door. Giving her a knowledgeable look, \"You must be Helen's baby sister Shasta.\" Tom looks the place over. Many things still where they were when he left. His eyes pause on the closed office doors then turns to Shasta. \"Is your sister here?\" She looks to the top of the long winding open staircase and sees Helen appear from down the hall. \"She is on her way down.\" Shasta looks back at Tom and Larry standing in the foyer. \"I need to get back to packing.\" She darts up the stairs past Helen her anger flaring on her face, until she gets the most empty saddest look from her sister which makes her feel bad for being so selfish. Shasta looks down at Tom and then darts off to her room crying. \"Evening,\" Helen's voice is shallow, \"please make yourself at home,\" she directs her hand to the large room at the end of the stairs.\" \"I would like to see my room.\" Tom steps onto the first few steps to stand next to Helen. She gives him a half forced smile, \"Of course,\" she takes a sigh, \"your room has never been touched, except for keeping the dust and cobwebs at bay.\" Helen takes the out reached arm of Larry who leads her into the room while Tom walks upstairs. \"You seem a bit sad,\" Larry doesn't want to invade Helen's privacy or talk to her as a patient, but habits are hard to separate when one barely carries on casual conversations, as is the case with Larry Giles, being a single man who spends most his nights watching documentary shows or people living the life, just outside his apartment window. \"If you don't mind me asking, are you alight?\" Larry follows Helen to the chairs and couch that encircle a large fireplace. \"If you must ask, five years ago my husband, \"Red\", was murdered,\" her words become staggered accompanied with tears, \"now\", Helen stops, covers her heart then takes a long breath, \"My son \"J.R.\" he,\" she couldn't finish as the emotional pain and exhaustion from lack of sleep looms within. When Helen first appeared at the top of the stairs Larry was taken by her beauty and now her pain became his and all he wanted to do was take her in his arms and absorb all the sadness inside. While Larry offered Helen a shoulder to lean on and Tom was in his room thumbing through his past, Chief Newby barges through the entry door without a word and rushes up the staircase. He enters the large double door room at the end of the long hall where a gentleman is standing outside on the balcony. Out of breathe and shaking with news, Jake Newby takes a calming breath then speaks to the man with his back to him. \"He's back, Harry Warden is back!\" Jake pulls the fax from his jacket then hands it too the man, \"Dennis called me from Grandville, now it isn't a positive ID…\" He lights his pipe, \"and there's more. The body in J.R.'s car wasn't his, it was a woman's and I am afraid it may have been Dakota.\" With shaking hands the man hands the paper back to Jake. \"This doesn't mean Harry Warden's back.\" The man turns around revealing himself to be T.J. Hanniger, none other then Tom's father. \"We know whose body that is. We don't need to wait for some forensics to tell us.\" T.J. stops in thought. \"This is all may fault, if I hadn't been so quick to fire Harry, none of this would have happened.\" Jake places his arm on his shoulder, \"Jesse it is not your fault, no one knew how bad off Harry really was.\" With a deep voice Jesse responds, \"I should have known, these were my men, my workers and I should have known Harry was loosing it.\" He stops, his fist clutching the banister railing. \"I tried to help him\", his voice flows with concern, \"He refused. All he wanted was to lash out, and he didn't care who it was.\" \"Then why Tom, why is Harry Warden after your son. He was a kid.\" Newby looks out towards the fort with the waxing moon gleaming through the tree branches, etching the structure. \"Because, I took his means of life away from him and the men took his wife.\" His voice grows bitter, \"He should never have married that hussy. She was no good to him from the start. Always dressing like some whore and carrying on with any man that would look her way.\" Jessie stops to ponder his thoughts, \"This town is cursed and I can no longer hide behind these walls.\" Jake looks at the fax again, \"She told me she was leaving town and would never return, but it looks like she may have been Harry's first victim and most likely before he set the mine explosion.\" Jesse did not need to look at the fax again he recognized the revealing picture of skin that was cleaned, clearly exposing the heart tattoo Harry Warden's wife had etched on her breast long before they had married. \"So, she was the body they found on Cherry Hill.\" He gets a nod from Jake. \"And Dakota was driving J.R.'s car? Then where is J.R.?\" They give each other a look, \"We should keep this news from Helen. I don't think she can handle the thought.\" Jesse turns to walk inside. Following him Jake puts the fax in his pocket. \"But what about Dakota's mom, do we leave her in the dark.\" He stops, \"There's more.\" Jake pauses, \"The woman's body or Dakota's.\" He wipes his mouth, \"Her heart is missing.\" There conversation is abruptly interrupted when a quiet voice calls out, \"Dad.\" Tom is standing near the bed. The surprise on his faced filled with mixed feelings as the sight of his father alive blurs his thoughts. Over at \"The Cage\" bar Axel is sitting in the police car. Giving the chief's shirt one last look he slowly unbuttons and slips it off. He grabs his street jacket from the seat and puts it on. Underneath is the candy box he pulled from Sarah's car. Giving it a moment thought he decides it should be opened. Fear crawls down his arms making the hairs stand on end as he reaches across the seat and peels away the cellophane that seals the box. Time seems to slow down as he tosses the wrapping to the floor. Every muscle in his body wants to take the heart shaped candy box and just throw it in the garbage, but he has to know. Every receptacle in his brain has to know what lies beneath the beautifully sketched scene of cupids decked in glitter that glistens from light coming in through the windshield. A tapping on the window, just about stops his heart as fear pulls his hands away. In the shadowed darkness he can see who it is and rolls down the window, \"Hey, what's up?\" He gives a pleasing grin, glances back at the box then to the window. She leans low coming face to face with Axel, \"Well, I was just wondering what you have planned tonight. I'm off until tomorrow night and was wondering if you'd like to meet up later.\" She gives a smile while waiting for an answer. Axel gives his neck a stretch before answering, \"There's not too many people who knows I stole your chariot way back when.\" They both smile, \"and I don't mind riding that chariot again.\" Axel looks at the box. \"Let's meet up later as usual.\" \"Well, then it's a date.\" She smiles and prances away. Jake hollers quietly out the window, \"It's not a date Harriet, it's not a date.\" He watches her wave him off without looking back. He smiles while shaking his head and then his mind jars him back to the box sitting by him. Holding his breath and with careful hands he almost surgically lifts the lid off the box, when Axel sees what's inside he throws his head against the seat and breathes. Looking out the windshield he bows his head in a shaking motion then pops one of the many chocolates in his mouth from the box before putting the lid back on. For a moment he thinks of giving the box to Sarah, but now it is opened, so he decides to take it into the bar with him and leave it on the counter for everyone to have a piece.[Chapter 9] MY BLOODY VALENTINE, ONCE AGAIN By, october57rain Chapter Nine Friday, February 13 Back at the hospital Sarah left with her Aunt Maxine soon after Deputy Martin gave Sandra and Dwayne a ride to the restaurant to join Russell and Carol, leaving Marsha alone in the emergency room waiting for more x-ray. A nurse comes through the closed curtains, \"Well, your x-rays show you have had more swelling since you arrived so we are going to keep you over night and then do another set of x-rays.\" The nurse looks around the small portioned off area. \"Where are your friends?\" \"I told them it was alright to leave. Hospital's can be a real drag.\" Marsha smiles, \"so, Nancy I would like to leave now and then I can return in the morning.\" Nurse Nancy gives back a smile. \"An orderly will be down to take you to your room. There is a chance of hemorrhaging so we want to keep a twenty-four hour watch on you.\" Marsha lies on her pillow staring at the ceiling. She rubs her arm then feels her wrist. Quickly she sits up but the pain in her side forces her head back on the pillow. \"Its gone!\" She looks at the small table and the chairs, but its not there. \"Nancy, did you see a tennis bracelet,\" her voice hallow sounding is quiet. \"It has three rows of diamonds.\" \"Everything that came in with you is on the chair.\" Nurse Nancy walks over to the head of the bed and tucks Marsha under the blankets, \"Now rest, your orderly will be here soon.\" She gives a smile as she picks up her tray to move on to the next patient. \"I don't know if I can rest without it, my great-grandmother gave me the bracelet.\" Marsha tries to look with her eyes through the folded clothes on the chair for at least a glimpse of her bracelet. With Nurse Nancy gone Marsha struggles past the pain coming from below the bandage wrap on her waist and in not finding her precious bracelet she gets dressed. Clinging to the drawn curtain she looks down the quiet room filled with beds and a nurse's station near the exit. Nurse Nancy's gleeful voice can be heard a few stations down. Marsha looks at her bed and considers getting back in, but one look at her bare wrist and she staggers against the wall, using it for support. A nurse walks by and seeing Marsha is about to say something when Marsha points at the bathroom sign. The nurse gives a smile then continues on her way leaving Marsha to fight off the wooziness inside and enter the bathroom where she leans against the sink before gently splashing her face with warm water. The soft tingly touch appears to be working as Marsha looks in the mirror and no longer feels the need to carry an empty container. Knowing the orderly will be arriving soon there is no time to waste as Marsha holds herself up straight and walks perfectly past the nurse's station and out the exit. The phone rings in Dean's room and he answers. \"Hello\" After listening he replies then grabs his coat and heads down to Bobby's room. Without knocking he walks in and finds Bobby on the phone. \"Hey, hang up we need to pick up the gang at the restaurant.\" Bobby nibbles on his nails listening to the rings on the other end that never get answered. Hanging up the phone he looks to Dean. \"No one is answering the phone at Cheryl's place.\" He starts to dial again when Dean walks over and pushes down the button, hanging up the phone. \"What did you do that for? I need to make sure Cheryl made it home safe.\" Seeing his friend's mental anguish Dean gently holds Bobby's shoulders at arms length and looks him in the eye, \"Bobby, if there is no answer then it's obvious her parents have left to get her and most likely they will be home in a few hours.\" He heads towards the door. \"So, come on lets go pick up everyone and then you and I are going to the mine.\" Dean watches Bobby stop in his tracks. \"We have to go to the mine. The tape popped out of the camera.\" Tom and Larry pull into the motel as Dean and Bobby are about to leave. Larry gives them an evening greeting then follows Tom to his room. The room is dark as Tom walks to the dresser his mind still trying to grip the reality that his father is alive and for years left him in the dark. Larry turns on the lights before entering causing Tom to raise his head and look in the dresser mirror. Suddenly his mind goes blank, his body freezes and the sounds around him pound against his mind like a heart beat. Things become fuzzy. Larry is talking asking him what's wrong but he doesn't hear as he stares at the reflection in the mirror of the miner standing against the far wall. \"Tom. Tom you need to snap out of it. What's wrong?\" Fear throws Larry backwards when he catches sight of the figure in the corner. He burst out, \"What the hell.\" He wants to grab Tom and run, but his feet weigh like cement. A quirky feeling takes over and without thought he walks up to the miner and finds it to be only miner garb hanging on the wall. Slowly he reaches for the mask then a voice from the doorway causes him to jump in fear. \"What is that thing doing here?\" It is Chief Newby. \"Tom, why do you have that thing?\" He walks over to Tom who is sitting on the bed with his head between his knees to keep from hyper-ventilating. Newby sits down beside him. \"Take it easy son, just breath.\" Newby places a carrying hand around Tom's shoulder, \"Your dad called,\" Newby shares his concerns for what Tom has and must be going through. \"Wish you could have been told Tom but we had to keep it quiet. The death threats were out of control.\" Newby looks at Larry who is listening while playing with the miner garb. \"Why are you here Jake?' Tom walks over to the miners garb and rips it off the wall, he looks at Newby, \"I don't know how this got here or why, but when I find out, they are going to have to answer too me!\" He throws the gear out the door, almost hitting Dean. \"Look Jake, I am here long enough to get over Harry Warden's bull crap and then I am heading west.\" Tom offers a beer to Larry and Chief Newby from a small refrigerator. After a long swig, his pulse settles down to normal and his voice is calm. \"Jake, sorry I just have had too much thrown at me and I don't mean to sound like a hopeless case. Or some poor sap that does nothing more then complain about the dreadful consequence of life.\" \"Don't get me wrong, I am more then happy my father is alive and I am not so blind to not understand the reason to keep it from me.\" Tom pulls back the curtains to see out the window and watches a young brunette enter room three. \"Harry Warden could never accept his faults and he blames his short comings on my family and I don't care what the papers said about the mine collapse it wasn't my fault, I was only nine years old and before I leave, someone will have too answer that one.\" Finishing his beer Larry walks over and tosses the empty bottle into the trash. He watches two friends talk about the past as if nothing bad ever happened and he feels this is good for Tom. To have a familiar face from his home town talk with him about old baseball games and Sunday picnics. He leans against the wall and enjoys. Inside room three the young Brunette is on the phone. \"Sir, I am sorry to call again, but my boy friend Dexter Hollywood, has he checked back in. We got in a fight last night and I haven't seen him.\" She listens, \"Yes, my friends are checked in,\" a tear forms and her voice quivers, \"I just can't face them without Dexter,\" she flops herself down on the bed and listens, \"yes, they will understand.\" She gives a sniffle. The only light in the room is from a lamp sitting on the small table next to the bed where Abby is talking on the phone. Looming in the darkness unseen approaches a figure. \"Just write Dexter I am sorry,\" she pauses, \"Love your Abby.\" The sound of hollowed heavy breathing draws Abby's attention and she turns her head to see the person standing next to the dresser. \"Dexter,\" she calls out, \"Thank you sir, Dexter is here.\" Hanging up the phone, she walks over, \"Dexter, I am so sorry we had a spit, it was so petty of me.\" She stops when she sees the miner and his pick. \"Why are you dressed in that?\" She gets no response. Her limbs begin to fill with fear making them quiver like jello. \"Who are you, what do you want?\" Watching the pick rise above the miner's head she backs away. In an attempt to ward off her assailant Abby grabs the small lamp and throws it. The bulb shatters on impact of the miner's mask sending sparks flying. Before the light disappears Abby catches a glimpse of two red eyes staring at her from beneath the eye gear and she tries to scream. A bump on the wall behind him draws little attention from Larry then without warning and just nicking his cheek the end of a miner's pick comes bursting through the wall, dripping with blood. He screams like a little girl and dashes towards the middle of the room. \"What the hell, what the hell!\" A disgusting rumbling comes up from his belly and Larry runs to the bathroom then throws-up. Chief Newby and Tom rush out the door and see a heart shaped candy box sitting on the ground in front of room three. They pause for a moment then Newby hand orders Tom to stay back before he pushes the jarred door that creeks as it swings open revealing the darkness in the room. Tom watches as Newby disappears inside. A crashing sound and then struggling makes Tom take a step back where he bumps into Larry. Quickly the two of them head for the door to help Newby but they are knocked backwards when Harry Warden in full miner garb blows through them as he makes an escape. They watch him run out into the parking lot and disappear in the darkness then look at each other before rushing in to help the Chief. Turning on the light Larry sees Chief Newby sitting against the wall, still unsteady from his encounter with Harry Warden. \"Are you ok Chief?\" Larry lends him a hand to stand then turns to see the body of a young girl pinned to the wall with a miner pick piercing through her mouth and into the wall. Blood still drooling out her lips and down the pick handle. Her chest is exposed showing her rib cage ripped open and an empty hole where her heart should be. Larry feels the rest of his dinner begging for freedom and heads to the bathroom, but doesn't make it as he turns away from the horrifying sight. Falling to his knees Larry expels what food is left in his stomach while pointing towards the bathroom. At first, Jake and Tom cannot get themselves to enter. The site of blood splattered on the walls, a pool of blood still wet surrounding the toilet was a gruesome crime scene. The bathtub is filled with red water concealing most the body of a young man whose face is barely floating in what looks like a salad bowl of intestines bobbing around his head and an eyeball starring from the abyss bumping against his broken nose. The faucet is slowly running overfilling the tub making a waterfall spill over. Jake gets beyond the gore in front of him and carefully walks in to shut off the faucet. \"This is beyond insane.\" He looks at the boy in the tub. \"He put up one heck of a fight.\" He slowly closes the door. \"I need to call this in.\" Jake watches Tom help Larry up and insist they return to their rooms. While Larry gains his composure Chief Newby is at his car calling in the scene. Tom picks up the very heavy valentine box and places it on the chief's car. \"Jake you can have the honor of opening up this valentine gift.\" Tom steps back and waits for Jake to finish his call. He over hears Martin on the other end mention a disturbance at the back of tunnel five. Chief Newby nervously opens the Valentine box and finds three hearts inside and a note that reads, \"Three, two one. My killing will never be done. Valentine lover's hearts will soon become one.\" Hopelessness overwhelms him, blocking any sense of doing. He sees two police cars come flying into the parking lot. It is Deputy Martin and Deputy Ben. Together the three set forth plans to conceal the crime scene. Jake decides to head to the mine. Tom and Larry follow behind.[Chapter 10] MY BLOODY VALENTINE, ONCE AGAIN By, october57rain Chapter Ten Saturday, February 14 Marsha stands in the light of the moon just outside the back entrance of tunnel five. Her flashlight unsteadily illuminates the ground. With both hands she directs the beam motioning it around the near walls until a sound from the woods pushes her inside. The air weighs heavy as she cautiously moves deeper into the tunnel with fear playing puppeteer with every step. A noise from the darkness startles Marsha and she leans against the cold dirt wall. Convincing herself it was most likely a mine rat she continues on to the piled up coal cars. The timber beams that once trapped her were heavy and with each lift the agonizing pain in her side becomes more unbearable forcing her to stop. Moving the timbers was out of the question so Marsha sits down, while she waits for the pain to subside. Back and forth her eyes follow the beam of light until she can no longer take the pinching pain in her side. \"Just a few minutes rest\", Marsha thinks as she leans against a coal car. The flashlight beam bounces off of something shiny. It is her bracelet up near the ceiling draped over a nail protruding out of a support beam. Joy and relief fills her and she smiles while holding the beam of light on her bracelet as she rest. The moon has begun its descent into Valentine's Day when Bobby parks his truck a short distance away from the mine entrance. \"I can't believe we are doing this.\" He turns to Dean, \"Are you trying to give me a heart attack?\" A slight shiver runs up Bobby's back looking at Dean dressed in the miner garb Tom had almost hit him with. \"Chill out dude.\" Dean steps out of the truck with the miner mask in his hand and looks down the long decline to the opened doors of tunnel five. \"Look,\" he turns to Bobby, \"No one has been here, if they had those doors would have been closed, so let's get in there and find the tape.\" A noise comes from behind. When Bobby turns to look he gives a smile. \"Did you guys enjoy the ride? Hope it wasn't too windy for you!\" He sees Dwayne's sheepish-grin response. \"Hey, I was going to take you back to the motel, but you guys wanted to join the party.\" After a brief discussion it was decided, Bobby and Dean would walk the trail that led to the back of the mine and Sandy and Dwayne would go in from the front. They were hoping to cover more ground in a short time. Carol and Russ followed Dean and Bobby until the path split off into the woods then they went off on their own. \"Do you think they will be alright?\" Bobby asked Dean as they searched the ground area of the path for the tape. Flashing his light in the direction Carol and Russ left Dean nodded, \"Sure, Carol and Russ use to live here, so they know where there going.\" The moon's light faded enriching the darkness, \"We would have to take a path that the moon can't reach.\" He takes a deep sigh. \"Hey, there's the mine opening.\" Just ahead was the back entrance to tunnel five. No longer did the moon caress its entry. As they stood at the entrance a shadowy figure appeared on the hillside. His form barely recognizable as Bobby called out, \"Russell is that you? Where is Carol?\" The figure approached with heavy steps. Bobby backs up knocking into Dean who just stood and stared. \"Oh crap!\" The figure raised a miner pick into the air. \"Run,\" Dean shouted and the two of them ducked into the mine. Fear sewed itself to every nerve in their bodies, twisting their minds into total confusion. With their backs against the mine wall Dean found the strength to reach for the power box. The tunnel lights flickered on and off several times before finally staying on. Marsha was just reaching for her bracelet by standing on a wobbly tipped coal car when the lights first flickered. Startled by the flash, she thought she had seen someone coming from the front of the mine shaft. Quietly she called out, \"Hello,\" she strained her eyes as the lights flickered and then they stayed on and she could see no one, but was convinced someone was there. She could hear their hollow sounding breathe as it bounced off the mine walls. \"Is there someone there?\" The car below her moved and she grabbed the support beam to steady her balance. \"Dean, is that you?\" There was no response. Finding herself alone Marsha reluctantly decided the echoing tones of breathing was her own as she found the pain in her side making it hard to fill her lungs. Looking up at the bracelet she used the support beam to steady herself then reached, but the bracelet was too high. Carefully she stood on her tip toes which made her side scream with pain. Just as she touched one end of the bracelet with the tip of her fingers, she lost her balance. The coal car swayed back and forth throwing Marsha against the cold dirt wall. Knocking her unconscious to the ground then pinning her beneath its heavy weight. The figure approached and was about to swing its pick and finish Marsha off when a sound from the front of the mine drew its attention. A short distance from where Marsha lied was a side tunnel where the figure dressed in full miner garb disappeared. Using her hands Sandy spoke and with a shaking voice in a whispering tone, \"Dwayne, I'm scared, let's go back.\" Seeing the fear in her eyes Dwayne hand signed, \"Its ok,\" he waved his hands in a circle, \"There is nothing to be afraid of. It is just you and me and we have our friends at the other side.\" He gives her a smile. \"They are probably just around the corner.\" \"No!\" Sandy signs and speaks, \"I just want to go back to the motel.\" Thinking for a moment Dwayne gets an idea and pulls from his jacket a small blue box with a red ribbon and bow. He holds it out to her and sees her look at the box and then at him and back at the box. She takes the gift from him, \"Oh, Dwayne you shouldn't have.\" As she is about to open the box Dwayne nudges her, knocking her off balance, \"Dwayne,\" Sandy looks up and sees tears forming in the corner of his eyes then the blood that slowly pours out his mouth. That is when she sees the miner beside her with his pick dripping with blood raised above his head. Before she can get her screams of fear out the pick becomes lodged into her skull and as Dwayne falls to his knees trying to hold on to that last spark of life the miner is shaking Sandy's head back and forth to pry his pick from her brain. Blood spews out from the top of Sandy's head spraying all over Dwayne's face. The miner steps back and watches as Dwayne takes her hand and together they fall lifeless in the dirt. The sounds echo through the mine tunnel, \"Did you hear that!\" Dean turns to Bobby who is frozen. \"Whoever was out there must not of seen us and Turning the tunnel lights on could have scared him away or at least to the front entrance.\" With their flashlights they search for the origin of the sound but find nothing, \"We need to hurry up.\" Dean shines his light and can see the wreckage a few yards ahead. \"Look, we need to find that tape so we can get the hell out of here.\" Agreeing with a nod Bobby follows close behind Dean until fear takes over and without warning he turns and runs for the back entrance of the mine. He can hear Dean calling him to come back, but his feet don't listen they are set in one direction, back to the entrance and to his truck, but before he can make it he crashes into the miner in full garb with his pick axe resting over his shoulder. Bobby falls backwards to the ground and sees the pick axe coming down towards him. He screams then rolls just in time as the pick is driven into the dirt throwing rock and dust into the air. Somehow Bobby manages to get to his feet and starts running. Dean sees the miner pull his pick from the dirt and yells, \"Get the hell away from him!\" The miner quickly turns his upper body towards Dean with a frightening motion. Looking for something to fight with Dean grabs a long piece of wood. But in an effort to ward off the danger Dean finds himself pinned to the wall with the miner axe penetrating through his shoulder, his toes barely touching the ground. Dean's screams of pain echo out the mine and fade to a murmur where Chief Newby, Tom and Larry had just arrived on the far side of the hill. When they hear the sounds of agony they look to one another then run to the top of the bank and stand on the railroad tracks. \"Look,\" Newby says, \"There is light coming from the woods over there.\" He gives a moment thought. \"We need to split up, Tom why don't you take the woods while I take the mine.\" Back in the mine a rock hits the miner in the head turning his attention to Bobby who throws another. Bobby has no idea what he is doing or how he will defend himself. He wants to give Dean the time to get away in hope he too can escape. But the miner does not remove the pick from the wall. Instead he picks up a handsaw from a tool box leaving Dean dangling in pain. Watching the miner stomp his way Bobby looks at the screw driver he had grabbed from the same tool box and realizes he wasn't thinking straight. Before the miner gets to close Bobby takes off running a sound steers him away from the back entrance and into a joint shaft that leads into another tunnel. He searches up one end and the other unsure which way to go he runs deeper into the mine. ","Summary":" Thursday, February 12 The back head of a man is hardly recognizable in the thick darkness that fill"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"My Bloody Valentine 2","Author":"writingrose2008","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5094600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Synopsis: Takes place a year afternthe last murders in Harmony. This time, the story is centered on ansmall mining community called Pleasantville and is told from thenpoint of view of a young woman named Laura Blaire. What happens whennthe mysterious Tom Hanniger mysteriously shows up and a new string ofnmurders begin? Read on to find out. Disclaimer: Much to my dismay… Indo not own My Bloody Valentine or its sexy star Jensen Ackles. MBV isnproperty of Lionsgate. Jensen… well… guess he's still up forngrabs ;D Now that all of that nonsense is outnof the way… Chapter 1: Nightmare in Tunnel 5 Black was everywhere. It was as ifnthe color had engulfed me and I was now resting at the pit of itsnstomach, waiting to be devoured. I couldn't make out any aspect ofnmy surroundings. The darkness was as pure as having my eyes closed. Incould feel some sort of jagged edge pushing into the skin of my backnlike glass. I tried to breath, but could only manage a few stranglingngasps of something that left a bad taste in my mouth. I wasn't surenwhat it was, just that it felt heavy inside my lungs made the urge toncough nearly uncontrollable. Nearly uncontrollable… but notnimpossible. Some instinct hidden deep within my mind forced me tonsuppress the sound I desperately wanted to make. My muscles tensednand tightened like the same instinct was ordering me to stay deathlynstill. None of the instincts or thoughts in my mind made any sense tonme at that moment. I didn't understand my body's determination tonremain in a place that I could not even seem to breathe in. It also occurred to me in that sameninstant that I had no idea where I was. I didn't know what I wasndoing in the darkness or what my body knew that I did not, but I wasnalone. I managed, after assessing the situation that far, to unfreezenmy body enough for it to begin to tremor. A rush of panic pulsednthrough the back surrounding me. There was not a word in mynpsychological vocabulary to describe my feelings. Fear didn't evennbegin to cover it. Suddenly, a soft noise filled thatnair around my ears. I knew immediately that I had not made the sound…nmy mouth was still frozen with the ice of the panic that generatednfrom my body's core. The tremors persisted as my mind raced tongrasp this new sensory aspect of reality. I was not alone, as I hadnpreviously thought. There was something else in the darkness…nsomething… breathing… and becoming closer with every sound thatnpassed into my ears. Seconds later, there was also anlight. It was far away at first, but as the moments elapsed it grewninto a distinct beam. I began to fight the instinct that froze me innplace more fervently. At length, I managed to take a small stepnforward and then extend the overly tense muscles of my neck in thendirection of the light to get a better look at it and its source. There was someone else in the black,nI could see that clearly now. A human figure dressed from head to toenin a black miners' uniform, complete with an air mask that coverednthe lower half of their face. I knew the attire well, having grown upnin a community in if miners. Yet, something about seeing attire now,nin my current state of mind, sent more tremors through my alreadynshaking body. My mind again flashed quickly, attempting to put thencurrent events into a coherent sequence that I could understand. Itncouldn't be.... My eyes flashed again to the minernfigure, examining it entirely this time. That was when a scream atnlast escaped from my frozen lips. The clenched back hands of thenminer held a pickaxe. The head of the blade gleamed brilliant red innthe presence of the light atop the helmet. It was him. The murderer.nThe one that had drenched Harmony's mines in blood last Valentine'snDay. There was no mistaking him now with the bloody weapon in hisnhands. No sooner had the sound escaped me,nI found myself illuminated by the light of the miner's helmet. Inwas marked now. Doomed. It was as if every ounce of his energy wasnnow directed at me. His steps, quick and deliberate, were now comingntoward at me. The grip on his pickaxe, strong and swift, tightened innanticipation of the deadly swing it was about the deliver. He was nowna predator and I was as helpless as a deer in a meadow. I tried to unlock my body, to at thenvery least run instead of standing stationary staring at my murder.nBut my efforts were futile, my body had locked itself to that onenplace as if it insisted on dying there… in that exact place. Afterna few frantic seconds, I stopped trying. Death was inevitable eithernway now that he had seen my face. If I ran, he would simply chasenafter me until he killed me. Any movement now would be utterlynuseless. The realization of death washed over me and drained thenblood from my face. I could feel myself becoming colder and myntrembling quicken. My eyes blinked for their lastnworldly time. A single drop of the realization flowed down my pale,nlifeless cheek. I then moved my eyes upward and stared into thenminers mask and the figure that was now mere feet from me. Throughnthe glass of the mask, I could see a pair of hazel eyes gazing backnat me. It was the only thing I could see of the man inside thenuniform… my true killer. Every part of my remainingnconsciousness became consumed by the light brown iris' that heldnjust a slight hint of green in their midst. The pickaxe began to movenabove the mask and the rest of the miner's body. For a moment, Incaught a glimpse of blood red in the glass where the hazel eyes hadnme fixed. But it gave away to the brown and hint of green again…nthe last colors I would ever see on earth. The axe lingered in its downwardnpoint in the air above our bodies a moment. It couldn't have lastednmore than an instant, but in my final moments it seemed like anneternity. I took a last gasping breath of the dirty, thick air aroundnme and tensed my body in preparation of the blow. As the axe passednback by the miner's eyes, everything went black. I saw nothingnafter that. Not the hazel eyes or the silver and bloody crimson ofnthe pickaxe in its decent into my chest. A loud, persistent beepingnnoise crept into my ears. It consumed everything as the sound becamenlouder and echoed in every part of my mind. *This is my first attempt at horror.nSorry that its sort and I apologize if it sucks. I really wanted tontry my hand at this. Reviews/constructive criticisms are encouragednand welcome. Feedback will determine whether or not this is continuednand how fast updates come. I'm serious. Flamers have literallynruined my muse for my other fics on here.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I still do not own MBV….or Jensen. And since the last time I've posted, he's also not available anymore…all I own is this plot. Thanks to all you awesome reviewers for making this my most review fic on this site and a special thanks to the amazing americanidolfreak (who just so happens to be my unbiological sister) for typing it for me. Cookie to you all 3 Chapter 2: The Mysterious Stranger The alarm clock's loud beeping reverberated in my ears, causing my body to jar upward. I sat still, allowing my breath to catch and become even before turning toward the source of the infernal noise. Then, I stretched my hand out to the switch that would silence it. As I turned off the beeping, my sleepy eyes caught a glimpse of the large, glowing red numbers on the clock. The time itself seemed to be mocking me; 5:00 A.M. I sighed deeply in contempt for the early hour before flipping on the bed lamp that sat beside the alarm clock atop my nightstand. My newly opened eyes blinked several times to begin adjusting to the new light. They moved about the room, scanning their surrounding between the spouts of black. It was if they were making sure of where I was after a night of sleep and dreaming of being somewhere else. After a few more moments of this, I looked down at my bed at the disarray of sheets. They were twisted and in wrinkled mounds as a testament to my tossing and turning while I slept. I looked across the lime green sheets until I noticed a strange square shape in the sheets. My eyes gazed at it curiously for moment, wondering what had found its way into my messy excuse for a bed. I lifted the sheet beside the shape and finally gaze at its source; a bright red, three-ring binder. I shook my head and sighed again as I took the binder gently in my hands. Inside that binder was years of my life materialized onto sheets of paper and ink. The contents confined in those rings was my future in a way few people could imagine. Within that bright red square was a draft of my required dissertation to earn my doctorate in psychology. A lot of things suddenly made sense to me. I now remembered falling asleep while reading and editing my dissertation. Shaky, yet vivid memories of my nightmare were also forming in my mind. I laughed nervously to myself. Could there be a more suiting definition of the word \"obsessed\" than me? I was even dreaming of my dissertation subject. This certainly had to cease. I had to find better before-bed reading material. After making a mental note to visit the bookstore and buy a book that didn't involve psycho-analyzing murders, I finally forced myself out of bed. My feet finally made contact with the cold, hardwood floor and I began to untwist the sheets on my bed. After some smoothing, my bed was made and I began to slowly become more awake as I went about the rest of my morning routine. My day was beginning before most people even thought of waking up. I took a quick shower, brushed my teeth, got dressed into my work uniform before again checking the clock in my bedroom. The sighed of the time made me groan in exasperation. I hissed the word, \"Damnit,\" under my breath to the air around me. I was five minutes behind my usual schedule. If I didn't hurry, I was going to be late. The day was already working against me. I hurried out of the bedroom and swiped my keys off of their hook before nearly sprinting out the door. My car, covered in a haze of dew, was waiting for me dutifully. It was a 1998 Mercury Sable, my first car and 12 years old. Thought it was about half of my age, it was mine and all I could afford until my dissertation was finished. Once I was an actual psychiatrist, I was determined to own a new Mercedes Benz sports car for the rest of my life. That would certainly outdo all of the elderly widowers and their BMW's that slide past me everyday in this town, even if I wasn't going to stick around to see it. The still-glowing street lights illuminated the road that led into the small, two-stoplight town of Pleasantville. It was primarily home to retired miners and their children who had no aspirations to leave. I, however, was not one of those people. In fact, just as soon as my dissertation was finished and I earned my doctorate, I planned to move as far away from Pleasantville as the continent United States would allow. I was determined not to let my hometown define me and who I was. I was going to do that all on my own. When I pulled into Freddy's Diner, I stopped long enough to catch a glimpse of clock glowing green on my dashboard. I realized that Freddy and Sandra were probably wondering if I was dead. My two co-workers knew that I was unfailingly early on the days I had to work, except, of course, for that seemingly unimportant day. Being late was one of my biggest pet peeves and it was exactly what I was going to be if I didn't hurry. My speed increased as I got out of the car and made a beeline for the diner. \"Hey, I actually beat you here today,\" Sandra said jokingly when I passed her on the register to clock in. \"Yeah, well, don't get used to it,\" I retorted, taking my time sheet from the register's printer. \"I would have been here earlier if I hadn't been having another damn nightmare.\" \"Again?\" Freddy asked from his place in the kitchen behind us. \"Isn't that some kind of psychological thing you should have learned about.\" \"Probably,\" I muttered. \"I think it means you need to get laid,\" Sandra interjected. \"What?!\" I asked. It didn't surprise me that Sandra was suggesting sex as a solution to a problem, but the fact she proposed it as a psychological cure was new to me. \"Reducing nightmares have nothing to do with getting laid.\" \"That's what you think,\" Freddy put his two cents in again. \"It works for me,\" Sandra began, \"I go over to my boyfriends house, get me some, and I don't dream that night.\" \"Yeah…now there's something to study,\" Freddy said, \"You should do your big, psychological paper on that instead of this miner freak.\" \"No thanks,\" I replied. \"Between a homicidal miner and analyzing Sandra's sex life, I think I'll take my chances with the miner.\" The conversation continued for the next half hour. It was always the same; Sandra talking about all she had done the night before, Freddy giving the guys perspective on whatever she was talking about, along for being a psychology major. There was no use in trying to explain to them that therapy and medicine did actually help people or, despite what Sandra said, everyone dreamed every night but just didn't remember it. I just tried to laugh it off and think to myself someday I would be off making more money and they would still be at the diner, talking about sex. Thirty minutes later, Freddy's Diner was open for business. The usual retired, elderly men filled in one by one. It wasn't long before they took up the entire left side of the diner, sitting next to each other and talking about politics, old cars, or whatever else came into their minds. Most of them were nice and tipped fairly well, but there were a few who liked nothing more than to stare at a waitress's ass as they walked away and leave nothing at the table when they left hours later. It was a typical day in the diner for the first few hours… I had recognized every face that had walked into to diner so far that day until a stranger walked in about 8:30. I did a double take when I first saw him, expecting him to either disappeared or be somebody I knew that had just gotten a haircut or something. As it turned out, he was neither. He was someone new, probably just passing through on his way somewhere like most strangers that came in. Not many people had the will or sanity to stay in Pleasantville very long. I walked back up to counter to put an order in and met Sandra as I was about to walk off. Before she started, I knew what she was going to say. \"Hey, who's they guy that just sat down?\" she asked. \"Dunno,\" I replied. \"I've never seen him before, he must be passing through.\" \"Well, did you look at him?\" she asked. \"He's gorgeous….those big arms. I wouldn't care where he's headed, I'd go right along with him.\" \"You! You have a boyfriend, remember?\" I interrupted. \"Yeah, I know,\" she responded. \"Which is why you should go wait on him.\" \"What! He's on your side.\" \"I know, but you should do it anyway.\" \"Why?\" \"Just go do it!\" Sandra insisted, walking away before I could argue with her. I didn't have time to battle it out with her anyway. I sighed and walked away from the counter to approach the stranger. Usually, when Sandra called a man attractive, I disagreed…but this time we were in perfect agreement. The man was good looking. He was bent down over a newspaper, but I could make out enough to tell he was attractive. His dark, brown hair was short and slightly spiked in the front. His face was full with distinct features that made it unique from every other face I had ever seen. Though I couldn't make out the color of his eyes yet, I was sure they were something to see. I had to divert my gaze as he heard me coming and put his paper aside and looked at me. I tried not to blush, but I could feel the heat in my cheeks rising and knew I had. His attention on me made me self-conscious. At that moment I would have given almost anything to not be wearing a uniform and taking his order…but I was. I tried to smile and not give away the fact I had been staring at him. \"Good morning, sir.\" I tried to sound casual. \"Good morning,\" he responded. He looked up at me and smiled slightly and I could feel the heat rushing toward my cheeks. \"Can I start you with a cup of coffee?\" I recovered after a few seconds. \"Please,\" he answered shortly. \"I'll be right back,\" I said quickly before turning around and walking the few steps to the coffee pot and brining back a cup to the stranger's table. It was as I turned the coffee cup next to him and began to pour the black liquid into it that I noticed his eyes. I hadn't had the chance before, but while he was watching me I managed to sneak a few glances. His eyes were a mix of green and brown…a hazel that seemed oddly familiar to me, though I couldn't place them. \"Thank you,\" the stranger's words brought me out of my train of thought. \"You're welcome,\" I said. And for a second I was going to keep my mouth shut, leave it at that and take his order. But something stopped me and made me want to talk. Maybe it was just my nosy side…maybe it was the psychologist in me….or maybe it had something to do with the fact that by then, I had stared intently at his left hand for several seconds and saw no wedding band. Either way, I couldn't stop myself. \"Say…I haven't seen you in here before. You just passin' through?\" \"Well, actually, I'm not sure yet,\" he replied. \"Right now, I'm kinda just wandering around.\" I nodded. \"Oh…well, in that case, welcome to Pleasantville, potential neighbor. I'm Laura, Laura Blair.\" I had no idea why I had just introduced myself or why I was so intent on making an idiot of myself in front of him. But for some reason, he didn't seem to mind. He smiled again before he spoke. \"Thanks…um…I'm Tom Hanniger.\" *MBV*MBV*MBV*MBV*MBV*MBV*[Chapter 3] Well, summer had begun for me and it is time once again to post another chapter. I must also remind you that I do not own anything except my character(Laura) and the plot. My Bloody Valentine is the property of LionsGate. Unfortunately for us all, Jensen Ackles is now the property of Danielle Harris. So, without further ado or grumbling… Chapter 3: The Bet Tom Hannigar wasn't lying that morning at the diner. He didn't just disappear like most of the new people I saw at work. The next morning he was back the same as the day before, newspaper in hand. He was there the morning after that… and the morning after that… and every other morning without fail for two weeks. He was becoming just as predictable as most of the 70 year old retired miners who came in at the same time and ordered the same thing for years on end. I would have been lying if I had said I didn't appreciate the routine of pouring his coffee and watching him looking at me with his hazel eyes every day. Of course, the new highlight of my day also gave Sandra a new hobby. She liked to call it 'trying-to-get-Laura-laid', I however, preferred to call it 'embarrassing-Laura-in-front-of-the-only-single-male-under-the-age-of-50-that-came-into-the-diner.' No matter what it was called, it involved Sandra looking my way every time Tom came in the door… long enough to notice me gazing a second too long in his direction. ' Hey, your boyfriend is here ,' she'd always say and not so low as to keep it just turned to our ears. ' Shut up, Sandra, ' I'd reply. ' You should ask him what else you could do for him… besides bringing him breakfast. Better yet, tell him you make a mean breakfast in bed, if you catch my drift .' I did my best to ignore her, but once you cut out all the perverted stuff what Sandra said had a ring of truth to it. I did want to know Tom Hannigar in more ways than bringing him breakfast to his table every morning (just not in all the ways Sandra talked about… not yet.) Everyone's morning routine was shaken up the following Wednesday when a tour bus of people on their way to Virginia stopped at Freddy's. I was supposed to be off that day, but as soon as Sandra and Freddy caught a glimpse of the bus they were on the phone calling me to get my ass up to the diner to help them. There was no time for my pre-work shower. I quietly thanked God for the long, hot bath I had taken the night before to clear my head and think about my dissertation, though it wasn't quite the same. There was no time for my morning coffee which had the potential to cause problems. There was barely enough time to get dressed and get out the door that morning. When I did get to the diner, I had the strange sensation I was walking onto a battle field. All of the tables in the place were full. I had never seen the place so occupied in all my years of working there. Sandra said it came pretty close after the graduation ceremony let out, but I never worked at the diner that day because I had to attend the ceremony. I was still a teacher at that time of the year. But now, I was right in the middle of the storm of people. All we could hope for was that they wouldn't want anything too complicated. One by one, Sandra and I took on the tables full of people. Despite the chaos, it was a relatively smooth process. It was just never ending. The few people that finished first went back to the bus to sit, but the tables didn't stay vacant long. By then, the usual customers were up and ready for their breakfast. For the first time ever, I got to wait on Tom Hannigar without hearing Sandra's unwelcome input. It would have been nice… if I had actually gotten to speak to him. I had to move on quickly and barely squeezed in a ' Good Morning' to him. And when he replied with only half of his usual smile. Part of me wondered if he missed our morning exchange as much as I did. Somehow, I doubted it… but I did have reason to believe that he had noticed. A little while later, Sandra and I had all the tables waited on. We had concurred the battlefield of hungry people and by then were completely exhausted. Luckily for me, it meant I got to go home and rest. Unluckily for Sandra, it meant she had to suck it up and stay on her feet all day until her work was done and nightshift came in to relieve her and Freddy. I was just about to grab my keys and make my way to the door as fast as my sore legs could carry me when Sandra came up behind me. \"Hey, your boyfriend is still here,\" she commented slyly. \"Shut up, Sandra,\" I returned with mock hatred, but there were some real bits of frustration in my tone as well. \"Hey, you're off now.\" \"And? What's that have to do with anything?\" \"You should go talk to him.\" \"And what? Tell him I'm dirty and see if he has a shower I can use?\" \"No, don't say that. Then he'll think you're a whore.\" I rolled my eyes. Why was it that when I made a joke, Sandra took it seriously? Why was he the only one allowed to make perverted jokes at the expense of my love life? \"Then what did you think I should say?\" I asked. \"Are you actually going to go over there and sit with him?\" \"NO!… maybe… I dunno…\" \"What's the matter? Are you scared?\" She asked mockingly. \"Terrified,\" I replied sarcastically. \"He could be some kind of psycho, you know.\" \"Well, isn't that kinda your job?\" \"Not yet, it isn't.\" \"Then you should go practice.\" \"On him? No.\" \"Yes, on him.\" \"No.\" \"Yes!\" \"No!\" \"Why not?\" \"Because.\" \"Because why?\" \"If he's not a psycho, he'll think I'm one if I go sit down beside him.\" \"No he won't. He likes you.\" \"No, he doesn't.\" \"Yea, he does.\" \"You're insane!\" \"Wanna bet?\" \"What?\" \"I bet if you go over and ask to sit with him, he'll say yes… and you'll end up talking.\" I thought about it for a second. In a week of two, Tom Hannigar would probably just get tired of Pleasantville and leave town anyway. It wasn't like flirting with a local boy who would stick around forever as a constant reminder that he had rejected you. There wasn't anything like that to loose in this situation. He was sitting out in the dining room at a table by himself, wearing the dark green button-up shirt that made the green in hims eyes come out over his gray t-shirt… my favorite thing he had worn into the diner in the two week since I seen him. I mentally cursed and let out a heavy sigh. \"How much?\" I asked after my few moment of silent contemplation. \"Ten bucks.\" \"I'll take that bet,\" I agreed, trying to sound nonchalant about the whole thing while my head felt like it was going to explode. \"I could use ten bucks.\" \"So could I,\" Sandra countered. I rolled my eyes at her as if to say, 'you're not the one who's gonna get it' before I grabbed my stuff and started walking in his general direction. Tom didn't look up at me until I was nearly at his table. He had been completely engrossed in his newspaper until my footsteps got close enough to the point my footsteps could be coming to no other destination but to him. He looked up at me, smiling his usual smile that made me suddenly conscious of everything I did. If I hadn't already been too late… if there had been any chance that it would not have been blatantly obvious what I was doing, I would have probably turned around. I tried to stay calm and remind myself there was nothing to loose but for some reason, when he was looking at me, that mental statement didn't seem altogether true. \"Good morning… again,\" I said, deciding to speak before I got any father into psyching myself out. \"Good morning,\" Tom returned. He said it just like usual, not sounding like I had freaked him out at all. I took that as a good sign. \"Um… do you mind if I sit down here for a minute? The diner's kinda full and it's been a long morning…\" \"No, I don't mind.\" \"Thanks,\" I said quietly as I took a seat across from him. I was seated, but Sandra hadn't won the bet yet. It was still entirely possible he had let me sit down just to be nice, that he didn't like me at all and was only being a gentlemen because after all, I was the one who brought him his breakfast almost every morning. \"You're welcome…\" he paused for a second after that, like he wanted to keep talking but had no earthly idea where to start. \"It… has been crazy in here today.\" \"Yea,\" I responded, trying to gently encourage him to keep the conversation. Where it went didn't matter to me. \"So much for my day off.\" \"Oh… yea, that dose suck. Did you have plans?\" \"Not really. Just sitting around the house, maybe working on my dissertation,\" I answered, scolding myself for already bringing my other line of work into the conversation. \"I'm working toward my PhD in Psychology.\" \"Really? That's interesting.\" Tom replied. Not in the way that people did when they thought I was weird or the they had no idea what I was talking about. His response was genuine, like he was actually interested in what I was doing. \"Yea, it really is,\" I agreed before taking another glance into his hazel eyes. \"So… what about you, Tom Hannigar? What kind of interesting things are you up to?\" \"Nothing really,\" he looked down at his empty coffee cup while I spoke. \"My dad… he owned a coal mine back where I used to live. I guess everyone just always thought I'd just take over the family business.\" \"And… you don't want to?\" \"No. I don't know exactly what I want… but not that.\" I nodded. He would never know just how much I could relate to what he was saying. \"That… sounds familiar,\" I said softly. \"I'm sure you'll figure out what you want soon. Take it from experience, once you break away from what everyone else expects from you… what you want isn't far behind.\" Our eyes met and there was a few seconds of silence before anything else was said. The conversation continued for a while longer, both of us just talking like it was a natural thing for us to do. Before I left, I made sure Tom wasn't looking and pulled out a ten dollar bill from my pocket. I put it on the table where I was sure Sandra would find it. She deserved it. She had been right. Tom and I had talked….and I did really like him.[Chapter 4] Well, here it is yet another chapter. After this one and the next one, I promise things will pick up and the plot will get a bit more... interesting. By interesting, I mean... well, I don't want to give too much away, so let's just leave it at that. I hope you are enjoying the story so far and please review if you have any comments or anything. Hearing form the readers is always greatly appreciated. Anyway, I guess I should now remind you that I own nothing and give you... Chapter 4: Standstills and Interruptions \"So are you gonna go sit with your boyfriend again?\" Sandra asked for the forth day in a row as I grabbed myself a quick bite to eat and prepared to go sit down for my break. \"For the last time, Tom is not my boyfriend,\" I replied all too defensively. \"Is too.\" \"Is not.\" \"Is too!\" \"Sandra, I have a hot plate of bacon and eggs and I'm not afraid to use it.\" I threatened. I then took a few steps away from the counter and with my food toward the usual table where Tom was sitting alone with his newspaper. \"Fine. Whatever.\" Sandra retorted as I continued to walk away from her. \"He's still your boyfriend.\" Even though I rolled my eyes instinctively at her comment, I couldn't help but smile to myself. What I said was true, Tom Hannigar wasn't my boyfriend... not yet. I emphasized the last two words in my head. If had cared to be honest with myself, I would have realized how badly I wanted him to ask me out… and how everyday I went to sit with him at his table and quietly waited for something to happen. It was a bit like working at the diner, spending the entire workweek anxiously waiting for Tuesdays when paychecks would be waiting for us at the end of our shift. But it had been almost a week since the first time Tom and I had started talking thanks to mine and Sandra's bet, which he didn't need to know about. He and I still just talked naturally, about whatever happened to be on our minds. There was no rush, no agenda on either of our parts. I appreciated how things had not gotten awkward between us, but I was still waiting for our early morning conversations to turn more serious. I thought about the reasons why nothing had happened yet. Maybe Tom was shy, he certainly seemed to give off that kind of vibe. Maybe he was shy he didn't think I like him. Or maybe… he just didn't like me. Whatever the reason, Tom and I remained at a standstill. I tried not to over think it, but part of me couldn't help but keep it in the back of my mind as me and my breakfast made our way to his table. As usual, he didn't look up at me until I got almost the whole way to where he was. Then, like a black sheet of canvas secretly concealing a work of art, the newspaper was put aside to reveal his eyes and I couldn't help but smile when he looked at me. \"Good morning, Tom,\" I greeted him ,not as hesitantly as I once had. \"Good morning, Laura,\" Tom replied. Something about him saying my name made me feel even more self-conscious but also like something special at the same time. I took my usual seat opposite him at his table and watched as he took a sip of his coffee. We were both quiet for a few minutes but not the same awkward silence that had filled the air in the past. I took a few bites of my breakfast and looked out the window, desperate to find something… anything to start off the conversation. \"It's going to be a pretty day,\" I commented absentmindedly. \"Yea, it's already pretty warm outside,\" he agreed. I cast him a look of slight envy. \"Well, at least I'll have a few hours of heat left to enjoy when I get off, right?\" Tom smiled and was about to reply when I happened to take another look outside. I saw a familiar old, white Cadillac pull up to the diner and smiled. An old woman who was even more familiar emerged slowly out of the vehicle. Her long, white hair was done up neatly in a bun and her Reebok tennis shoes were just as white as the car she drove. Her name was Miss Maryann. Miss Maryann wasn't one of our regular customers. She rarely ever came to the diner. I knew her so well because she was my neighbor. Ever since I was little and living in the same house as I still did only with my parents there, Miss Maryann had been there in the house next to mine. But the poor old woman had rarely gotten out of her house anymore since her husband passed away a few years ago. Even I rarely seen her since then. No sooner had Miss Maryann walked in, it hit me. She knew my old Mercury that was parked outside, She knew I was at work and she would be looking to see me. I, very conveniently, was sitting at a table with sitting with an extremely handsome guy about my own age. The lines my nice old neighbor would draw weren't had to guess. I looked at Tom and mentally cursed. By the time my thought caught up with what was going on, it was too late to do anything about it. Miss Maryann was already inside the diner. I could feel her old eyes probing the place for me. All I could hope was that she would be in too big of a hurry to come over to the table. It was a long shot and I knew it, but I still tried to hope against the odds for a please-don't-embarrass-me-today pass. Of course, my luck wasn't that good… not that day. As soon as Miss Maryann caught a glimpse of me sitting down, she started walking toward the table. I let out a soft sigh. Tom had caught on somewhat to what was happening at that point as well. He kept quiet and just looked with his hazel eyes back and forth from me to the old lady. \"Hello, Laura,\" she started when she got closer to the table. \"Hello, Miss Maryann,\" I replied, trying to keep my tone polite. \"How are you today?\" \"Aw, I can't complain too bad,\" my neighbor returned. Then, against all my hoping and wishing, she turned her southerner scrutinizing gaze to Tom. \"And… who's this young man?\" \"I'm Tom Hannigar,\" he answered for himself. I wasn't sure who was more surprised at the fact he had spoken up. \"I'm Miss Maryann. I've lived next to Laura here since she was just a wee girl.\" The lady extended her hand in Tom's direction and after a second of hesitation, he took her hand and shook it. \"It's nice to meet you,\" He replied politely, though I could sense my neighbor was making him feel slightly uncomfortable. \"It's nice to meet you too, Tom Hannigar,\" Miss Maryann said, still eyeing him curiously. \"You have a real nice girl there. You'd best be good to her.\" The old lady said good-bye to me and then walked off without saying another word to Tom. To say I was embarrassed would have been the understatement of the year. But on the other hand, there was no better instance that could describe Pleasantville. It was a town where everybody knew, or at least thought they knew, everyone else's business. This need was great sometimes (like if you were ever broke down in a ditch on Easter Sunday, like I was once.) There was never a shortage of people to help people that needed it. But then, there were times (like when you were sitting having breakfast with a nice guy who just happened to not be your boyfriend like I had been doing) when you wished people would just mind their own business and leave you… not to mention him… alone. \"I'm really sorry about that, Tom,\" I said after a few seconds, casting him a sympathetic, sorry-you-had-to-endure-that look. \"It's okay… really,\" he replied. I couldn't judge at that moment whether or not he truly didn't mind my neighbor had just assumed we were together or of was just being a gentlemen and hiding how much it had bothered him. \"That's a small town for ya, I guess. Everyone just jumps to their own conclusions about everything.\" \"Yea, I know how that is. I grew up in a town almost exactly like this one.\" \"So… you're not mentally scared for life or anything?\" I asked playfully. \"No, no more than I was before,\" Tom answered, a hint of laughter in his voice. Somehow, he had already succeeded in making me feel more at ease. \"Well, that's good to know. So… what were we talking about before we were so nosily interrupted?\" I changed the subject in hopes the conversation would return to its normal, casual feel. \"The weather. You said you'd still have a few more hours of the heat after you got off of work.\" \"Oh yea, that's right. Sandra and I are taking her little girl to the pool after work this afternoon. So, I will get to enjoy some of the heat.\" \"That sounds like fun,\" Tom smiled at me yet again. I would like to blame that action for my next bought of stupidity. But as much as I would like to be able to plead insanity by dazzling smile, I couldn't blame him entirely. The idea came into my own head and out of my big mouth before I could begin to again think rationally. \"You...wouldn't want to come, would you?\" ' Stupid…. Stupid. Stupid!' was the next stream of thoughts to pop into my head. It was one of the dumbest things I had ever done, right up there with the time in junior high when I decided short hair would look good on me for a change. I had spent months paying off that error in judgment, and I was sure there would be even worse consequences to this one. Most of me expected Tom not to answer… or to call me a weirdo and walk away, but again I was surprised. He seemed to either be either oblivious or immune to my relationship incompetence. Whichever it was, I was grateful for it. \"Well… I can't today….\" \"Have big plans for later on?\" \"Kind of,\" Tom began. \"I'm actually looking for a house later on today.\" \"You're looking for a house?\" I looked at him, my face probably looking like a little kid at the circus. There was no use in denying how happy I was to hear something that meant he was staying in Pleasantville long-term. \"So you're planning on staying?\" \"Yea… I like it here.\" \"I'm glad Pleasantville has grown on you.\" \"Yea… a lot of things here have grown on me here.\" I smiled again and our eyes met for a few seconds until I caught a glance at my watch. Just like Cinderella at midnight, my time was up. I had to go back to taking orders and cleaning tables until my shift ended. There was also no more time for me to make a fool of myself, which was the only good thing about my break being over. I told Tom good-bye until tomorrow and headed back up to my spot at the counter where a smirking Sandra was faithfully waiting to bust my chops. \"Not your boyfriend, huh?\" \"Shut up, Sandra.\"[Chapter 5] So… No, I am not dead. No, I have not forgotten about all of you awesome people who read the story… and no I do not own My Bloody Valentine or Jensen Ackles. I am, however, excited to give you a new chapter and also to give a special thanks to americanidolfreak for typing this chapter (and the next one, which should be up very soon J She is an awesome friend/unbiological sister if I do say so myself… and I do) And now *drumb roll* for those of you out there still reading… Chapter 5: The Cabin After what seemed like days but was only really about four hours, Sandra and I were in our bathing suits at the county pool. Sandra's boyfriend Danny was entertaining her daughter in the water while her and I lounged in the chair next to it and soaked up the sun. It was nice because we could girl talk while working on our tans without much interruption. Of course, the conversation eventually turned to me, which automatically meant more of Sandra taunting me about Tom. \"Next time, you should invite your boyfriend, Laura,\" she said after a while of sunbathing in peace. \"I'll bet he's a sight to see in swim trunks.\" \"Sandra, do I need to constantly remind you that you have Danny?\" I countered. \"Hey, it'd be for you, not for me…I'd just sneak a peak in his general direction every once in a while,\" Sandra grinned slyly. \"Well, sorry to disappoint you, but I don't think Tom will be joining us at the pool anytime soon.\" \"Why not? Did you two have a fight?\" \"No…I…um…sort of invited him to come today. He said no.\" \"You, whore! You invited him today and didn't tell me 'til now? What did he say? Why did he say he wouldn't come?\" \"He said he was busy today…house hunting.\" \"House hunting…\" Sandra's tone repeating it made it sound dirty. \"So he'll have a bed of his own soon…kinky.\" I sighed. \"There's nothing 'kinky' about it…and I'm sure he's looking for more than a bedroom.\" \"But there's something kinky about him deciding to stay in Pleasantville.\" \"Enlighten me.\" \"Think about it, Laura, to us, this place is home…that's half the reason you're still here, right? And no one moves or decides to stay here in a mining town without even its own Wal-Mart, with no jobs except at the bank, the hospital, the school, or the mines unless he has something kinky on his mind…with someone here.\" \"Sandra, don't hurt yourself jumping to conclusions over there,\" I scoffed. \"Tom told me he was from a small town. That's why he's staying; he feels at home…it doesn't have anything to do with me.\" \"Oh yeah? He left the small town he came from, didn't he? There has to be something else keeping him here.\" \"Maybe…\" I finally granted, \"But it isn't me.\" There was peace for a while after that. Both of us pretty much knew we were fighting a losing battle. I wasn't about to change her mind and she wasn't about to change mine. I laid my back down in the chair and relaxed. If it had not been for the kids in the pool during those moments of silence, I could have probably heard the sun sizzling my skin. My eyes shut after a few moments and I began to try and clear my mind. \"Hey, Laura?\" Sandra's voice interrupted the unwinding of my thoughts. \"Hmm?\" I replied, not bothering to open my eyes. \"What about your folks old cabin, out in the woods on the edge of town?\" she asked abruptly. I opened my eyes and cast a strange look in her general direction. \"What about it?\" \"Does anybody live there now?\" \"Nope. Not that anyone could live there now…it's old and needs more work than anybody could afford to have done to it.\" \"How about your boyfriend?\" \"What? What does Tom-who's not my boyfriend, by the way-have to do with my parent's cabin?\" \"You could offer it to him, dummy.\" \"What makes you think he'd want to live there?\" \"I don't know…he might. You should ask him. With those big arms of his, I'll bet he could up that old cabin. He could do that for rent, you know? For a while.\" \"That seems kind of messy,\" I commented reluctantly. \"I don't think Tom would want to do that.\" \"You could ask him.\" \"I don't think so.\" \"You should anyway.\" I sighed. My body lay back in the lounge chair. Maybe, Sandra was right. After all, it had been her that had first encouraged me to talk to Tom. It was slowly becoming obvious to me that my friend did know more about relationships than I did, especially with her and Danny being engaged. No matter how much she disguised it under her little perverted puns, I also knew she was trying in her own little dirty ways, to help me be happy. By the next day, I had once again decided to take a gamble on Sandra's advice. I figured, like she had said, there was no harm in just offering the old place to him. The time came for my break and I once again went and sat with Tom at his table. We exchanged smiled momentarily before the conversation started. \"Good morning, Tom,\" I greeted him brightly. \"Good morning, Laura,\" he returned. I paused for a second, looking into his hazel eyes before I began the conversation I had in mind. \"So…how did your house hunting go yesterday?\" \"Okay. More expensive than I thought.\" \"I heard that. But keep looking, you'll find something sooner or later you can afford.\" \"Yeah, I'm still on the hunt. I'm not giving up yet.\" \"And if you don't find what you're looking for…\" I began, still inwardly cringing somewhat at the thought of what I was about to say, \"I have a little place you might be interested in.\" \"You do?\" Tom asked in an interested tone of voice. \"Well, it's not a house, per say. It's a cabin on the edge of town. My parents called it their getaway spot. Since they passed away, I haven't had the heart to sell it. But if you're interested, I could rent it to you.\" \"Are you sure, Laura? It sounds like a pretty important place to you. I don't want to intrude…\" \"No, no, you wouldn't be intruding. I think they would be glad to know it had some use. It's been pretty much abandoned these past few years.\" \"I guess, if you're sure,\" Tom answered, an intense look in his eyes. \"I could take a look at the cabin sometime.\" \"Okay.\" I smiled. \"But I should warn you, it needs a lot of work done to it. If you do decide to move in, I'd be willing to exchange fixing it up for rent.\" \"I could do that,\" he said, his hazel eyes look as though he was in deep thought. \"When can I see the place?\" \"I'm off tomorrow,\" I replied. \"We could meet up here in the morning and you could follow me out there.\" \"Sounds good. Breakfast first, then I'll follow you out to the cabin.\" \"Okay, deal. I'll see you then.\" By then, my watch was once again telling me that my time talking to Tom was almost over. We said our goodbyes and I headed back up to the front where I belonged. And, as usual, Sandra was ready to interrogate me about my break. She seemed pleased with the fact Tom was going to look at the cabin the next day. Despite me insisting that nothing had been decided, she seemed sure he would end up moving in. For reasons that I could not entirely explain, I was way more excited than I should have been when I woke up the next day. By all accounts, I should have been overwhelmed and upset about going up to my parents place. I had hardly stepped a foot up there since they passed away. I should have been about to burst into tears, been an emotional wreck…and in most parts of my mind, I was. Yet, there was another feeling there too. Something in my head reminded me that I wasn't going to be there alone and I wasn't simply going up to look around, like a visit to a graveyard. I was going to be there with Tom. The entire reason I was going was to try to help him find somewhere to live so he could stay in Pleasantville like he wanted. Somehow, these thoughts made it a little easier to deal with what I was going to do and the mere thought of spending any time with Tom outside of the diner made my day all the brighter. When we got to the cabin later on that day, I could tell Tom was in love with it from the moment I watched him get out of his Jeep. While he walked around the place in awe, I tagged along, trying not to notice too many of the ghosts if held for me. Each spot next to the cabin and every room inside it were all full of memories from the time I was little and spent Christmas with my parents in the living room on up to just a few years before that day. I could tell, as we walked, that he tried not to linger too long in any of the rooms, but with his growing curiosity it was difficult. When Tom had finished looking around the cabin, the look in his hazel eyes told me he was already thinking, planning what to do to fix the place up. He didn't need to say anything else. Without him asking, I offered once again to rent the place to him. This time, he accepted without much thought at all. Somehow I knew I didn't need to worry about him taking care of the cabin. It would be in good hands. Best of all, there was now no reason for Tom not to say in Pleasantville as long as he wanted.[Chapter 6] Well, so… I this wasn't posted the next day, but here it is anyway. Again, I own only the plot and my OC Laura. I do not own My Bloody Valentine. So… without further ado. Chapter 6: The Letdown The fact that Tom Hannigar was staying in my folk's cabin didn't change much. I still saw him at the diner everyday I worked. We still had breakfast together and the conversation was still as casual as ever, like between two friends who were nothing more. It was like both of us had settled into a rut, like the people at the diner who were content to order the same thing and sit in the same place every day, free from the possibility of change or variation in the smallest way. I wasn't quite sure what I had expected to happen, but I must have thought it would be a catalyst of some sort. But, for reasons unknown to me…and maybe even for Tom too, things weren't working out that way. There was one day, as I had gotten up from the table to go back to work when I had thought something was going to happen. I bent back down to get my plate and our eyes had met. Something was there in those hazel eyes in that moment, like he had so much to say but was holding everything in…and just that quickly, he looked away, muttered the words, \"I'll see you tomorrow,\" and it was over. After I had muttered my reply and got back up to the counter, I could tell by the look on Sandra's face she had noticed the exchange too. She stood eyeing me with wide eyes ready to pry every detail of the conversation out of me (not that there was much to tell). She didn't even wait for me to clock back in. \"So what happened?\" Sandra interrogated as I passed her on my way to the register. I gave her an innocent look after I clocked back in. \"Nothing.\" \"Right…\" she said, obviously convinced. \"So what do you call what happened when you got up from the table?\" \"Uh…Tom saying he'd see me tomorrow?\" I answered. \"I call it a sex invite.\" \"That's not what happened and you know it.\" \"Well, it's what would have happened if you both weren't taking your sweet time getting to the good part.\" \"Hey, I asked him to go swimming with us and he's living in my folks' old cabin…I'm trying the best I can,\" I sighed. \"Yeah…he just isn't responding…\" Sandra stated in deep thought. \"You think he's gay?\" \"No!\" I snapped. \"Does he look gay to you?\" \"Well, if the closet door is open, who am I to judge?\" \"It's not that, Sandra,\" I argued, my voice a little lower than before. \"Tom doesn't act like he isn't interested…he just acts…cautious.\" \"Maybe his last girlfriend beat him up?\" she suggested sarcastically. \"Or just broke his heart…\" I muttered quietly, more to myself than to her. \"You should try asking him out again,\" Sandra said after a few seconds of silence. \"I don't think so.\" \"Come on…one more time.\" \"No, Sandra,\" I argued stubbornly. \"You know that they say, the third time's a charm.\" \"I don't want to push my luck.\" \"What luck? You haven't even gotten lucky yet.\" \"I just don't want to push him, okay?\" \"So don't push…just ask,\" she insisted. \"If he's as shy as you say, he's probably waiting for you to ask him.\" \"I already have. He's blown me off twice.\" \"Look, Laura, just go up to the cabin and talk to him. If he says no, he's obviously gay or taken…or both. If you do it, I'll shut up about it.\" I stopped and fixed Sandra with a serious look. \"Can I get that in writing?\" She grinned a mischievous smile. \"Sure, whatever.\" \"Sign it and shake on it.\" \"Fine.\" \"Fine.\" After I had Sandra sign the back of a receipt and shake my hand, I began thinking about what I was going to do. Part of me was as confident as my big mouth co-worker that he did have feelings for me. That part of me just wanted to knock on his door and demand to know what his problem was. But the more cautious part of me wouldn't allow that. No matter what, I still wanted him as a friend…even if that was all there would ever be between us. So on my next day off, I formulated a plan that I personally thought was a nice hybrid of the two feelings. I would drive up to the cabin-after all, I was his land lord in a way-and look over the place. Then, in what I deemed to be the opportune moment, I would casually bring something up…a movie, concert, something, and wait for him to react. Hopefully, in a more enthusiastic way than he had at the swimming invite. But, like with most of the other plans I thought had a chance of working out for the good, things didn't quite work out the way I planned. When I got there, Tom wasn't in the house. I had gotten to the front and had started knocking when I heard something behind me. \"Hey, Laura.\" The sound made me jump in the seconds it took me to recognize the voice and turn around. \"Hey, Tom,\" I replied, trying to disguise my jumpiness. \"I'm sorry I scared you. I was on the roof and I heard your car pulled up.\" \"It's okay. That's what I get for showing up unannounced.\" \"Hey, it's still your cabin.\" \"But you live her now. It looks great, by the way.\" Thanks,\" Tom smiled. He had only been living in my folks' cabin for about a month and a half and I could already tell a big difference. The years of neglect were being erased little by little. He had an ability to bring out the best in a lot of things…rustic cabins and their owners included. \"So…uh…do you want to look around?\" Tom asked. \"No, that's okay. I'll let you get back to fixing the roof.\" I took a deep breath, remember what I was there to do before I spoke again. \"But…I did want to…ask you something.\" \"Oh? What is it?\" \"Well, I was wondering…if maybe you wanted to do something…just the two of us…sometime.\" \"You…mean…like a date?\" Tom asked, his hazel eyes flashing me an unreadable look. I again got the sneaking feeling in my gut that he wanted to say something he wouldn't allow himself to say. \"Date is a strong word…it wouldn't have to be like that…if you didn't want it to be…more like a friendly lunch out or something like that.\" \"Oh. I…don't know, Laura.\" It hurt way more than it should have to hear him reject me. After all, he had never really given me any indication he liked me all that much, just a set of things that could have easily been misread. Maybe it was that look in his eye…or maybe it was that I like him that much. \"Oh…okay. I'll see you later then.\" At that point, I knew when I wasn't wanted. I wanted nothing more than to get out of his sight and proceed to pretend like this visit had never happened. In all honesty, I wanted to jump off the face of the planet. \"Laura…wait. Hold on,\" Tom said once I had turned away from him. I faced him once again. \"What is it?\" I asked. \"I just want you to know…I like you, but…\" \"But, what?\" By then, I was looking at him intently. I desperately wanted to know what the 'but' meant. He sighed. \"You shouldn't like me. You shouldn't even want to be around me.\" \"But I do like you, Tom…and I do want to spend time with you.\" I figured I should at least admit that much, if he was putting his cards on the table. \"It's dangerous to want to spend time with me. You'll end up getting hurt. I'll hurt you.\" \"I don't believe you'd hurt me, Tom.\" \"I don't want to hurt you, Laura,\" he said in a voice that made it impossible not to believe him. \"But I'm not sure I could help it if I was around you.\" \"I don't understand,\" I admitted, pleading with him silently with my eyes to talk to me, to let me at least try to scale the wall he had put up around himself. However, I could tell he had already pulled the rope back up. There was no way in. \"I hope you never have to understand,\" he said, looking away from me. \"I'm saying all this…for your own good. I do want you to understand that.\" Not knowing what else to do, I nodded. \"Okay. I guess I should go then. I'll see you tomorrow?\" That was all I could say without breaking down into tears right there in front of him, which wasn't going to do any of us any good. Instead, I took in a sharp, deep breath and forced myself to hold it together. \"Yeah…I'll see you tomorrow.\" With that, I turned and left the cabin. It was then, when I was sure no one wouldn't see, that I allowed a tear to escape down my cheek. The next day, I half expected Tom to not show up, but to my surprise, he did. I continued to sit at his table on my breaks and talk idly about the first topic that came to mind. Neither of us ever had the guts to bring up our conversation at the cabin. If I had been honest with myself, I was somewhat afraid to talk about it…scared of whatever truth Tom thought he was protecting me from. Most days when I was around him, I preferred to think it as a nightmare…a terrible dream that stuck out in my mind that I couldn't forget.[Chapter 7] Hello, readers (if there you are still there). I just want to thank you all for your patience. I hope this chapter makes up for my lack of updating in a while. I also need to remind you all I do not own My Bloody Valentine… Chapter 7: Death at the Diner One Monday, a couple of weeks after my impromptu trip to the cabin, everything changed. I was scheduled to open the diner that morning, which was nothing new to me. I was up before the sun at 5am as usual. Thanks to a rare, nightmare-free sleep, I got my morning shower and was out the door right on time to be my normal, grouchy but punctual self. My old headlights flashed along the still sleeping town. Not a car or streetlight seemed out of place to me. My old sable pulled into its usual spot at the diner. I could see the outline of Freddy's old truck in the back. I sighted inwardly when I remembered that it was just me and the boss until 8 when Sandra's sleepy self rolled in just in time for the morning rush. I mentally hoped to myself that the crowed didn't get too bad until then. I wasn't in any mood to deal with the usual 'I placed my order 15 minutes ago, where are my pancakes?' drama. I allowed the song playing on my car radio to finish before I took one last deep breath, bracing myself for the early morning winter cold before I finally got out of my car and made my way into the store. The door on the middle of the building was open as it always was, the one door the manger unlocked before opening to let the rest of the employees in. While practically every customer that would come through the doors in the hours to come knew perfectly well that the place didn't open until exactly 6:00am, there were still some old men in, town despite knowing this, for want of their morning coffee would try to get in early. Personally, I would have rather let them sit at the table rather than having to walk past their glaring headlights and feeling their eyes staring at us all greedily, but Freddy didn't see it that way. Much to my surprise, I wasn't bombarded by Freddy's usual 'Good morning sunshine' or 'Just because you get here 15 minutes here early doesn't mean you can leave 15 minutes early' comments when I entered the diner. I also didn't get my usual nose full of frying bacon and sausage. The little voice in my head was beginning to sense something wasn't right. I turned around to face the register and the little window that peeped back into the kitchen. It was pitch black in that direction. Not even the heating lamp was on. My pulse momentarily started to rise. For a second, I panicked until I remembered Freddy's truck outside. I had seen him leave in it the day before when our shift ended. He had to be in the store somewhere. I convinced myself that this was just one of my insane bosses attempts to scare me. At any moment, he would jump out from under the counter and yell 'boo' like a bored 5 year old trying to scare his little sister. \"Freddy!\" I called out, also not in a mood to put up with his antics so early in the morning. \"I saw your truck outside. I know you're here so your can stop screwing around!\" I finished my sentence and braced myself for the lights to 'mysteriously' turn on or Freddy to jump out and make himself known, but he didn't. I rolled my eyes and sighed. This was usually his favorite part, to hear ,me or Sandra scream like the girls we were and to laugh his ass off for the next several minutes. We usually had the looks on our faces reenacted for us for days on end. After a few more minutes of waiting for him to make himself known, I began to get more annoyed than amused. I called his name again, but there was not the faintest sound of life anywhere else in the store. My pulse quickened again, but this time it didn't let up. The muscles in my legs and lower back also started to tense up. I wouldn't have to admitted it to anyone's face (if they had been there) but I was beginning to feel fear creeping slowly into the hairs on the back of my neck. I took a deep breath and slowly counted to 60 in my head. When I had finished, Freddy still hadn't came out from whatever he was hiding. His idea of a practical joke was going way too far fast. Not to mention, the hair had not stopped standing on the back of my neck. I finally decided that the only way I was going to end this bad idea of a prank was to find him myself. Then, hopefully, the rest of the morning would go off without a hitch. \"Okay, Freddy, you win,\" I called out to the seemingly empty store as I started to slowly move toward the counter. \"I'm coming to find you.\" I forced my feet to the front counter next to the register. My eyes peered into the darkness to the window that allowed me to see into the kitchen. I expected to be able to see my boss's shadow menacingly through the divide, but I couldn't. Apparently, the game hadn't gone on long enough for him. If I wanted this to end, I was going to have to go farther in to the darkness that every bone in my body was wanting to avoid. I was going to have to go into the kitchen. I opened the door to the kitchen and nearly jumped out of my clothes at the familiar creek of the door hinges. A second later when I realized what it was, I quietly laughed at myself. My morning was beginning to sound like a scene out of a horror movie. I made a new mental note to myself to stop to stop doing research for my dissertation in anything but broad daylight. Clearly, it was having an effect on me… jumping at sounds I had heard a thousand times. When I got into the kitchen, I turned to the right toward the giant grill. Even in the dark, it gleamed a little silver off of its surface. I stared at it for a second and froze again. It was still clean. There wasn't any food or black on it all. Freddy could keep the grill clean when he cooked, but not that clean. I knew then that the grill hadn't been used since the night before. What had started out as playful panic had, by then, turned into sheer terror. I remained quiet as I again demanded my feet to move. I didn't know where I was going. Subconsciously, my mind knew I was heading toward the back kitchen door that lead outside, but I didn't care to think about it. All I wanted to do was move away from the grill and the horrible realization that was becoming more and more inevitable by the minute… that I was the only one in the diner… or at least, the only one alive. But I didn't make it out the door. Next to the freezer, a few quickened steps later, I finally found Freddy. He was lying on the ground half in and half out of the open freezer door. His body was face up and between his eyes there was a huge, bloody indentation, like something had been lodged there and pulled back out… something sharp, long, and wide… something like a pickaxe. I had seen enough of them to know the marks they left. Through my study of the Harmony miner, I even knew what they did to human flesh and this was it. The blood, the sight and smell of death were now no longer just things I would recognize from newspapers. It was there before my very eyes daring me to look at it. I didn't stand at Freddy's body for long, but I knew I would never forget it. Faster than I had ever ran in my entire life, I ran out of the kitchen to the restrooms on the other side of the building. I pulled the door to the women's room open like it was a matter of life and death and continued to run into a stall. For reasons I couldn't explain, I took time to lock the stall before I finally fell to my knees, what I had been waiting to do the entire time. I crawled over to the white toilet and raised up slightly, the porcelain cold between my legs. Unceremoniously, everything I had eaten over about the past 24 hours forced its way back up. Try as I might, I couldn't stop it. All I could do was gasp loudly for breath between courses. For a few seconds every time, I though I was going to suffocate before my lungs started to cooperate with me. It left an empty, dull pain in the pit of my stomach when it was over. There was nothing left to come back up… nothing else inside me yo give up in response to what I had just seen. I wasn't sure what to do after that. For what seemed like a long time, I just sat in the restroom stall with my knees up at my face. The only sounds I could hear were my own deep breaths and the sound of a leaky faucet dripping water into a sink outside the stall. After a while, even those sounds began to feed my lingering paranoia. It brought questions in my minds that I had not thought of before through my panic. Who had killed Freddy? Where were they now? Would they come back and see my car outside and want to kill me for me what I had seen? The urge to get out of the diner returned even stronger then it had been before. I had to get out of the store before something else happened, but my new paranoid questions wouldn't allow me to leave where I was. I couldn't go back into the lobby unarmed and alone with a potential axe murder in the kitchen. My legs were frozen in their place. I couldn't have moved if my life depended on it. Suddenly, as my mind continued racing, I realized I didn't have to move. Until that moment, I had all but forgotten the cell phone in my pocket. My hand rushed to retrieve it from my pocket upon the realization. For a second, I just held the tiny, silver device in my hand, wondering what to do with it. In my head, I knew that the first number I should have dialed was 9-1-1 but for some reason, it wasn't. My fingers slowly unfroze and began scrolling down through my contacts list until it stopped at the first number that seemed to strike a cord in my mind at the time. I shakily pushed the send button. It didn't occur to me that it was 6 in the morning. It didn't occur to me that normal human beings were asleep. It didn't occur to me that this person may not answer either because it was so early or the number seemed strange to them. Despite the odds, they did pick up the phone. \"Hello?\" A sleepy sounding voice came on the line. \"Tom… its Laura,\" I responded, my voice shaking as much as my body. It was a wonder I had been able to speak at all. \"Laura? What's wrong… where are you?\" \"I'm at the diner. Freddy's been murdered.\" \"What do you mean murdered?\" Tom sounded confused, in a 'why are you calling me about this' kind of way. \"I… think it was him, Tom.\" It was only after the sentence left my mouth that I realized he probably had no idea the 'him' I was talking about. \"I think it was Harry Warden that killed Freddy.\" There was a long pause on both ends of the phone call. I didn't know whether I had thrown Tom into shock or if he was trying to find a way of telling me I was crazy. \"Is there anyone else in there with you?\" He finally asked. The answer to my mental question had been my first thought. \"No, I haven't seen anyone else in here. There are some cars outside by now though.\" \"Okay… just stay where you are, Laura. Hide. Don't let anyone inside and call the cops, okay?\" \"Okay,\" I agreed quietly. Part of me knew any sane person would have already done what Tom had said. I had always heard shock did crazy things to people… now I knew first hand that it did. \"Okay… I will.\" 'Just hang on, okay?\" He said again. I supposed my panic-stricken voice wasn't very comforting to him. \"I'm on my way.\"[Chapter 8] I have to sincerely apologize for leaving you all in suspense for so long. You guys are truly the best and most patient readers ever! So, I am going to skip the witty disclaimer, simply remind you that I do not own My Bloody Valentine and give you... Chapter 8: Exchange of Guilt It was Tom that found me first, just short of rocking back and forth in my little hiding place. He finally coaxed me out of the bathroom stall after several minutes of reassuring words. Deep down somewhere in my mind, I knew the killer was long from the diner. If he hadn't been before everyone showed up, he certainly was by then. But my body continued to shake. The tiny tremors I couldn't stop were a constant reminder of Freddy, the blood on the freezer floor, and the look forever fixed on his face that showed more horror than I had ever seen in my life. I suddenly wondered if he had been able to see his face in the reflection of the glass eyeholes in the miner's mask… if he had watched himself die. By the time Tom got me outside the building, I had gotten to the point where everything that had happened that morning felt like a dream, just like one of my nightmares caused by looking at gory pictures too close to the time I went to bed. I stared at the flashing blue and red lights of the police cars and ambulances wondering what would happen next. I had lived in Pleasantville all my life and had never heard of a murder in our quiet little town. Did our small police force even know how to investigate a murder? Would they call in help from a bigger nearby town that had dealt with these things before? Would they ever know who killed Freddy or, like me, would they automatically assume something like Harry Warden had found our town and intended to do to us what he had already done a few towns over in Harmony? The sun began to rise. Blue, orange, and pink filled the sky that had been nearly pitched black before. Tom put his trench coat gently over my shoulders but he didn't say anything. I may had have read the textbook chapter on post-traumatic stress, but it was nothing like how I had imagined it in my head. I tried to imagine what I looked like to him and I knew it wasn't pretty. Even I could tell I wasn't handling the situation very well. The next voice I heard address me was Sheriff Midkiff. I knew him because he had been a close friend of my dad's. Nowadays, he was also a regular at the diner. \"Laura, we need you to come down to the station,\" he said in the most gentle voice he could manage. \"We need to take an official statement.\" I didn't respond for several seconds. I had heard what he said, but when I contemplated talking about what I had seen… saying it aloud, even tough I knew it was the thing to do from a psychological perspective, I wasn't sure if I could do it. However, when words finally did come as a response to the sheriff, they weren't from me. \"Don't you think that could wait a few hours, sheriff?\" Tom asked. \"I don't think she's ready to talk about it just yet.\" \"It's police procedure,\" he went on like he hadn't heard Tom at all. \"It won't take long, I promise.\" \"I think procedure can wait… just a little while.\" \"We need to get the statement while the details are still fresh in your mind.\" \"Oh, I don't think it's something she'll forget anytime soon.\" Sheriff Midkiff finally turned his attention to Tom. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Tom Hannigar, the one who called the police. I'm a friend of Laura's.\" \"Well, why don't you run along now. You've done your part.\" His voice was getting more and more frustrated every time he spoke he spoke. \"Let us take it from here.\" \"Look, sheriff, you've obviously never had anything like this happen in your town, but I've seen it before. Now, Laura, she just found a friend of hers dead in a freezer a few minutes ago. She's in shock and I think she'd appreciate a little time before you start playing 20 questions with her.\" Sheriff Midkiff looked at Tom like he had just suggested letting someone get away with murder. I made sure they would keep arguing until they looked at me. Again, I tried to imagine what I must have looked like and couldn't up with a nicer visual image than I had before. Something about me must have struck a cord because after he looked at me, the sheriff nodded in defeat. \"Be down at the station at noon,\" he said slightly bitterly. \"It that okay?\" \"Yes sir,\" Tom agreed. \"And you'll make sure she gets there okay?\" \"You bet?\" The sheriff walked away like a puppy who had just been scolded. I knew he had only been putting on such a show so that him and the rest of the force looked professional in front of all the media that was no doubt on their way. Being talked to by an outsider had hurt his ego, but I was sure Tom hadn't really cared about that. Once the sheriff had gone, he looked back down at me. \"Come on, Laura,\" he said quietly. \"I'll drive you home. We made our way quietly to his old jeep. He opened the door for me before getting in himself. I resisted the urge to jump when the hum of the ignition started. Once we pulled away from the diner, I spoke the first words I had spoken since calling him. \"Thank you, Tom,\" I said in a barely audible voice. \"No problem.\" He replied. There was a long silence. As Pleasantville began to pass by in the window, I thought about the little town and how Freddy's death would no doubt change it forever. Less than an hour ago, a news crew would have passed by the place without a second thought. Now, I knew we would never live to see the last camera crew leave. Just like in Harmony, we would always be a place with a bloody history. The town had been nosy enough within itself, now everyone in the country would know our business. Suddenly, with that thought, a realization hit me. I must have been thinking it the entire time, but at that moment it came to light in my mind. I looked at the town and then back at Tom, wondering if he was thinking the same thing I was. For some reason, what he thought seemed more important than the rest of the town. Finally, I had to know. \"It's my fault, isn't it?\" I asked, my voice nearly as quiet as it was before. \"What?\" Tom's voice sounded confused. \"Why would you think that, Laura?\" \"It's my fault if it's Harry Warden,\" I amended. \"People told me to stop it, but I kept researching… kept digging into the murders when I shouldn't have. I found out things about what happened, some of it is probably supposed to have been classified If he knows what I know, it's me he's after.\" \"Look Laura, no matter who it is… no matter what you know, what happened is not your fault.\" He paused and sighed. \"Especially if its Harry Warden.\" Another realization hit me. I remembered something Tom said to Sheriff Midkiff that I had not had the mind to think of until that moment. \"Back at the diner, you said you've seen this kind of thing before.\" I reminded him. \"What did you mean?\" \"I'm the one that started it all,\" he answered in a distant voice. \"The one that started what?\" \"I grew up in Harmony, Laura. My dad owned the mines where it all happened. Hannigar mines.\" Tom began. \"When I got older, I went to work in those mines. God, I always hated it… so dark and after a while wearing those masks, you start to gasp for air even when you're above ground. I worked in the same tunnel as Harry Warden. He was my supervisor. He always hated me and to be honest, I never liked him much either. Anyway, one day I forgot to bleed the lines. I don't know how, but I did. A tunnel collapsed. It trapped Harry and a bunch of other miners in. being stuck down in that mine, that's what drove him crazy… that's what makes him kill people. It was me that did that. If he's after anyone in this town, its me. I'm the one who made him what he is.\" The only one who made any noise after Tom finished talking was me. I sucked in a deep breath of air. Suddenly, a lot of things made sense. Tom felt responsible for all of the murders in Harmony. This was why he had randomly shown up in town. This was why he sat at the same spot away from everyone else at the diner every day. I didn't know for sure, but something told me it had spawned the conversation at the cabin as well. No wonder, with all of the guilt he took upon himself, he felt he had to protect everyone around him from the target he believed he had on his back. \"Tom, I'm sure it was an accident,\" I said in an attempt at being reassuring. \"I'm sure no one blames you.\" \"You'd be surprised,\" he muttered. \"I don't blame you,\" I said. For a moment, his hazel eyes looked off of the road and at me, into my eyes. \"Thanks, Laura.\" \"Anytime.\"[Chapter 9] I know, I know… one year later, right? I apologize to my fans, but I lost my muse for this fic for a long while… and then, I watched My Bloody Valentine (which I still don't own), Took one look at Jensen/Tom (whom I also don't own), and remembered this fic (which, parts of I do own) and felt terrible. So, to make it up to you I have two chapters to post. This is the first. Chapter 9: Arousing Suspicion Not too much after (but made seemingly longer by the silence that followed our previous conversation), we reached my house. I expected Tom to have had enough of me and my PTSD for the day, but if he had it wasn't enough to make him leave. He even managed to force me to eat a few crackers and a small glass of ginger ale a few hours after we arrived. When the time came for me to go to the police station, I was again sure we would go our separate ways, but he insisted on driving me the short distance back into town. I tried to protest, but we could both tell my attempt was half-hearted. The truth was, I didn't want to go back to the diner so soon after what had happened and for unpsychologically sound reason, I felt more safe with him sitting next to me in the driver's seat of his jeep. The police station was more full of squad cars than it had been in possibly its entire existence. Our local sheriffs, the ones from neighboring counties, as well as state police were all crammed into the parking lot that I had never seen occupied by more than five cars at a time in my whole life. Only a few hours had passed in the investigation and already outsiders were swooping in to relieve Pleasantville's finest. I had been right in assuming that our small town was vastly underequipped to handle anything like a murder investigation. With all of my research on Harry Warden, I could probably have told them a lot they didn't know and save them some time, but then I would have probably became a suspect and found myself wearing orange, which is something I had no immediate urge to try on. Plus, they would still have a murder on the loose. It was then that I realized I was going to be careful what I said if I didn't want to spend the night in lockup. I wouldn't lie, but I also wasn't going to say I may have accidently came across classified information in my dissertation research. \"Are you okay, Laura?\" Tom's voice sounded off in the distance. He had noticed I was lost in my own little world of thought. \"You don't have to do this now if you don't want to. I'll go talk to the sheriff again…\" \"No,\" I protested. \"I don't want to get you into any trouble. Besides, It'll be better if I just get it over with.\" \"You sure?\" He fixed me with one of his gazes. I could feel the concern radiating from him and tried to tell myself it was just friendly concern… and nothing more. \"Yea, I am.\" \"Well, you have my number. Call me when you're done. I'll stay close.\" \"Okay. Thank you, Tom… for everything.\" \"Don't mention it.\" I nodded and got out of the car. My feet led me into the station, which was just as crowded as the parking lot outside. Luckily for me, one of the officers saw me on my way through the door. I didn't know who he was, but seemed to know exactly who I was and why I was there. Just because more than our small town was going to be involved in the investigation wasn't enough to save me from being as 'Laura Blair, the one who found the body. The one who had been a little too interested in the murders in Harmony. The one who had brought the wrath of Harry Warden or some copycat psycho down on Pleasantville. Public enemy number one.' The officer led me to a room in the back of the station. I was glad it was far enough away from everyone that I at least wouldn't be able to feel their suspicion and hostility the whole time. To my surprise, it wasn't Sheriff Midkiff waiting to talk to me. It wasn't state police either. The man was good old Harmony county sheriff's office. If I hadn't been the one about to be interrogated, I would have loved to have integrated him for my dissertation. The fact that he was here from Harmony and had enough pull to be the one to actually get into the questioning room with me added up to one thing in my mind: this man had investigated the murders before. \"Are you Laura Blair?\" The sheriff asked, pulling me out of my awe. \"Yes sir,\" I replied, hoping a little respect would get me off on the right track. \"I'm Sheriff Axel Palmer. Please, have a seat.\" I uttered a thanks before moving closer and obeying what he said. As I sat down, I took a good look at him before. He wasn't bad on the eyes, but not exactly my type. I could tell he worked out and had a serious relationship with hair gel. He didn't strike me as the kind of guy I would have immediately identified as a cop if I had seen him out of uniform. My guess was that the Palmer family tree had a long, gigantic branch of police officers and war veterans. It had probably never occurred to him to do anything else. He had made himself into what was expected in his small town family. I quietly wondered if that made certain things any easier… \"So, Ms. Blair, I just have a few routine questions. This shouldn't take too long. Just relax.\" \"Okay,\" I responded, letting out a deep breath in an attempt to calm myself down. \"How long have you lived here in Pleasentville?\" \"Born and raised here, sheriff,\" I answered \"I've been here all my life, except when I leave for school.\" \"Are you still in school?\" He asked. Probably thing I looked way too old for a traditional college student. \"Not for much longer, \"I'm just finishing my doctorate. My dissertation is nearly finished.\" \"So you're going to be a doctor?\" came the typical, small town response I had come to expect over the years. \"Not exactly. My degree is in clinical Psychology.\" \"Oh. That sounds really… interesting,\" he added before dropping the subject and getting back on track of questioning. \"How long had you known Fred Kingston?\" \"I've known Freddy practically my whole life,\" I answered, still not used to talking about him in the past tense. \"We went through grade school together. He took over the diner from his dad right after I got my job there.\" \"How long have you worked there?\" \"About eight years, since I was an undergrad. You know, off and during holidays and summers.\" \"So you would know pretty much everyone that came through there?\" \"Most everyone during dayshift. We get the occasional passer-by, but for the most part its just a bunch of regular customers that keep us going.\" \"Had anyone mew showed up in the days before today? Anything stick out in your mind, maybe a confrontation of some kind?\" \"No, not that I can think of.\" By our standard, the days leading up to Freddy's death had been smooth sailing. \"What about someone moving into the area?\" I paused. People didn't move into Pleasantville very often. The only one to move here in years would be… \"As far as I know, no one has moved in here for months now.\" \"And who is the last person you remember moving in here?' I knew once I said his name, the interrogation would be a downhill slope. He was the last person to move here, a regular at the diner, was living in a house I owned, and had been the one I called after I had found Freddy. Coupled with the idea he held himself responsible for what happened in Harmony, he would have his own explaining to do. I knew he was no killer, but would Sheriff Palmer? \"He's a man about your age.\" \"Do you know his name?\" I wanted to lie, but I knew I was horrible at it under pressure. When he found out, I knew it would be a one-way ticket behind bars. I would be even more a suspect. The last thing I needed was a criminal record. I had to tell him. After all, it wasn't like either of us had any dead bodies to hide… \"Tom Hanniger\" \"What? What did you just say?\" \"His name is Tom Hanniger.\" \"Where the fuck did you hear that name?\" His voice exploded in my direction like I had just shot at him. He cast me a look as he wouldn't have minded shooting me. I had no idea where his reaction came from, but it succeeded in scaring me. \"That's his name.\" \"I blew up that psycho son of a bitch up in a mine shaft a year ago. He's dead. What are you, some axe slinging relative of his?\" \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"First, a guy… your boss is found dead. Then, I find out you been studying the murders like some kind of sick science project. And now, you bring up a name that wasn't even released in the papers a year ago. Who the fuck are you?\" \"What the hell are you doing in here, sheriff?\" A voice came from the entrance to the room. It was another officer that neither of us had seen come in. I looked him, saw him cast a disapproving and authoritative glance at Sheriff Palmer, and couldn't help but feel relieved. \"This woman knows a hell of a lot more than she lets on.\" He stood up and pointed an accusatory finger at me. \"I want to hold her as a witness.\" I felt a surge of panic. Part of me wondered if I should save them the trouble, put my hands behind my back and wait for the cuffs, but I didn't. Instead, I looked at the other officer in the room and gave him my best please-don't-send-me-to-jail look. \"Sheriff, the security camera footage shows someone in a mining suit committing the crime. Now, whoever did it, they stood toe-to-toe with Fred and he was over six feet tall. I don't think Miss Blair saw or did anything.\" \"She is helping the one that did this! She's hiding something, I know she is!\" \"Where's the proof? Because unless you can prove she had something to do with this, she's free to go.\" Sheriff Palmer sighed in defeat. All three of us in the room knew he couldn't prove anything. I might have been the only who believed I was completely innocent, but I didn't care at the moment. I knew I hadn't intentionally caused Freddy's death. I also knew Tom hadn't either. \"Fine, let her go,\" the sheriff practically spat before giving me another deadly look. \"But the next person that's connected to you that dies, I will lock you up. Count on it.\" \"Come on\" The other officer motioned me out of the room. I hurried past the door, trying to escape his words as fast as I could. Judging by my meeting with Sheriff Palmer, I could tell he was sure of three things: whoever killed Freddy was the same one that had killed the people in Harmony a year ago. By saying Tom's name, I had proven in his mind that I was connected to the deaths in Pleasantville (though I wasn't sure exactly how). And third, that the miner would kill again. What he didn't realize was how small a selection of targets he would have if he was going was right and he was going after the ones I was close to.[Chapter 10] And here, lovely people of the MBV fandom, is the other chapter I promised… and where things start to get complicated (hopefully in a good, entertaining way). Oh… and please laugh or choose to ignore the random Saw plug I added in the beginning. I figure Lionsgate would have fun with it if, by some miracle, someone important ever happened upon this and wanted to make it the actual sequel. It's not realistic, I know… but there are twists planned for down the road that would make it a good actual movie ;) Chapter 10: Suspicions Confirmed \"I want to play a game. Right now, you're feeling helpless…\" \"Jesus, Sandra, turn that off,\" I groaned when I walked back into the living room with a bowl of popcorn in hand to see the movie she had put on. \"What? I thought you liked scary movies. We saw this one in theaters, remember?\" my friend said, casting a strange look in my general direction. \"I usually don't mind them, but I think its kinda in bad taste to be watching gore a month after our boss was killed.\" I didn't need to say anything else. Sandra cut the movie off just as 'Saw V' flashed on the T.V. screen. Then, she sighed and sat back on the couch. Bringing up Freddy was still a soft spot for both of us. I took a seat next to her now feeling like I had just single-handedly ruined our girl's night after it had been a week in the making. Sandra's daughter was at her dad's house and Danny was off with his friends. He hadn't wanted to leave her alone, but when I told him I'd spend the night, it had put his mind a little more at ease. \"I'm sorry\" I muttered. \"It's cool. We can watch something else.\" \"No, I shouldn't have said anything. Now, I feel like a bitch.\" \"You're not a bitch, Laura.\" Sandra assured me. \"Weird and a helpless virgin… but not a bitch.\" \"Thanks for that,\" I returned, allowing the sarcasm to flow freely into my voice. \"Anytime. But hey, you would have a right to be…\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"I meant with your boyfriend leaving town.\" \"Sandra…\" With that, she had hit she had hit the other soft spot in my life. She knew Tom was gone, but she didn't know the whole story. She didn't know I had called him instead of the police the day I found Freddy's body, she didn't know he had driven me to the police station later that day, and she didn't know about Sheriff Palmer exploding in my face for saying his name during my questioning like it was as taboo as having no grits in a diner in the south or like saying 'Voldemort' in the world of Harry Potter. I had told no one but Tom about the last thing. I had written it off as another small town vendetta, something to do with everyone in Harmony blaming him. I had though he had a right to know. Not even I fully understood what had happened next. Tom had driven me home from the police station. He had stayed at my place the rest of the say until I had taken a Dramamine and had fallen into some sort of sleep. After that, I had at least expected to hear from him but I hadn't. Even after a week, I hadn't heard hide or hair of him again. When I couldn't stand it any longer, I had driven up to the cabin to see if he was okay. But I hadn't found Tom. I had found a sheet of paper taped to the door with my name on it instead. Dear Laura, I hope you find this letter and I hope you hadn't worried too much about me until you do. I had to leave town for a while. An emergency came up and I have to take care of it. I don't know when I'll be able to come back to Pleasantville, but the cabin shouldn't leak anymore if you want to rent it to someone else. I'll understand. I'm sorry. Tom \"I know, he wasn't your boyfriend\" Sandra brought my attention back to the present. \"Nope,\" I said, trying desperately to hard to hide the emotion surround that fact. \"But you said he might come back right?\" \"I told you I didn't know,\" I amended. \"I'm not Tom's keeper.\" \"No. That would require sex to keep him coming around.\" \"Are we going to watch a movie and pig out or not?\" I changed the subject, like I did every time the words 'Tom' or 'sex' or both came out of my friend's mouth. \"Sure. You go pick something,\" Sandra said as she got up off the couch. \" I have to go tinkle.\" \"That's really mature, Sandra,\" I scoffed as she went up the stairs. \"It will be to you too when you start having sex and get a five-year-old.\" I chuckled as I got up off of the couch and made my way over to the DVD player and Sandra's movie collection. Her collection wasn't as extensive as mine at home. Half of the shelves were full of Dora and Barney DVDs and I was half sure that the locked bottom shelf on her TV stand was full of porn. I thought about putting in Barbie's The Princess and the Pauper in just to be a bitch, but I ultimately decided on Shakespeare in Love . It had been a Christmas gift from me, one that Sandra had initially turned up her nose at… but once she had seen Joseph Fiennes and the numerous sex scenes, she had thanked me. I put in the DVD and went back to the couch to get comfortable, popping a few bites of popcorn into my mouth and admiring the montage of images on the menu screen of the film. Flashes of Joseph and Gwyneth wrapped in each other's arms…in bed together…along with shots of the Elizabethan theater. I looked at them in envy. No one ever judged Viola for not opening her petticoat to every man in London. We had come a long way from the days of courtship and wooing… if only Shakespeare could see us now… My musing was suddenly interrupted by a strange sound coming from upstairs. I cast a glance at the stairs, skeptical at first. \"Sandra, you better not be doing what I think you're doing,\" I called loud enough for her to hear. Then, I paused waiting for some smart ass reply. To my surprise, it never came. \"Sandra, come on. Get back down here or I'm going to watch Will Shakespeare strip without you.\" Again, I waited for a response, but nothing came. A surge of panic began making its way through my body. In that moment, I couldn't help but think of Freddy. My breath was now coming in deep gasps. My mind was racing with a thousand different scenarios. The noise, an indistinct thump, came again from the same place. If this was a joke, it had gone too far. I forced myself off the couch and to the stairs. From the bottom, I could see a single light, coming from a room or something else. I started to go up, my eyes fixed on the light. All the while, trying to keep myself sane by thinking of all the curse words I was going to call Sandra if she jumped out at me. \"Sandra, this isn't funny. I'm coming up there and you better be-\" Every muscle inside my body froze. It wasn't real. I managed to blink. There it was. Still there. It was real. The mask… the black suit…the pick axe with red on its tip. Harry Warden. The light from his helmet flashed in my direction. He had found me. I had the sick feeling like I was inside one of my nightmares. Why couldn't I wake up? Why wouldn't it stop? Why me? The monster took a step toward me and suddenly I could think a little more clearly. There was a killer in the house. He had killed Sandra. He wanted to kill me now. I didn't have to give up and wait for death. I could run. This wasn't a nightmare. He took another step toward me. I turned and started running down the stairs. I could feel the force of the swing he had taken at my back. I got down the stairs and had no idea what to do next. My cell phone was in the living room. I darted off in the direction I had come from, hearing Harry's footsteps, slow and sure following me. I reached the couch and reached for my phone. In that time, he raised his axe. The blow left a long gash along my arm. I screamed and gripped my phone. From there, I needed to get out of the house. My objective and steps became focused on the door. I ran, but I could feel the distance between us closing. I wasn't sure if I was going to make it past the kitchen. I tried to think of outside. The sun, the moon, and the sky, holding onto the memories as if my life depended on it. I realized I may not live to see them again. As I reached the kitchen with harry and his pickaxe in toe, a shattering sound filled my ears. I realized that we weren't the only ones in the room. Sheriff Palmer and more officers were already inside. They had shot at Harry. Whether or not they had hit him, he had bolted off in the other direction, more concerned with preserving his life than taking mine. I stopped and sighed in relief for a second as the realization I was going to live sank in, but it was short lived. \"Put your hands in the air!\" One of the officers yelled. \"Get on the ground!\" Came another seconds later. In my shock, it didn't register to me a couple of officers had not followed Harry when he fled. Sheriff Palmer's threat of arresting me didn't occur to me. When the officers started coming toward me, guns in hand is when it hit me. I had been the one to find Freddy. I had been the one to study the murders and befriend Tom, the one that started it all. Now, I was alive in the place where another murder had taken place. This was strike three. I slowly got to the ground, keeping my hands out the way I had seen them do on cops. Seconds later, I felt the hands of an officer on my back. One of my arms was around my back before I knew it. Then the other and, at last, the handcuffs. It wasn't as slow or as fluid as the crime shows made it out to be. They also neglected to mention how much the cuffs pinched or how the sound of them closing on your wrists sounds oddly like the sound of the world as you know it crashing down around you. It's only topped by the sound of the words: \"Laura Blair, you're under arrest.\"[Chapter 11] Happy Valentine's Day readers! What better way to celebrate that with a new chapter? (Well, two hours to go here until the big day… but nonetheless) Chapter 11: Cruelty of Fortune The world looks a lot different from the back of a police car. What was once bright and twinkling looks even more impressive when it's the last time you may see them for a long while. The ride to jail is the shortest ride most people will ever take, mostly because we want it to last forever and never deal what comes next. Most movies and books make it out like what's going on when you get the handcuffs, but it didn't work quite that way for me. Maybe it was because I had just nearly been killed with a pickaxe or maybe it's that way for everyone. Either way, it was added to my list of lies people believe about the criminal justice system. As the night wore on, my mental list grew. Most believe they can't arrest you without charging you with something. In fact, they can for up to 48 hours. The charges don't have to come until a court appearance. Being quiet and polite doesn't make things any easier. Booking is actually something like an eight step process and takes hours and is only made longer by the fact that you are not the only one wearing new jewelry behind your back. If it happens to be really busy, you get your first taste of bars by being thrown into the drunk tank in the dark until they're ready to deal with you. Once it is your turn, you get to play twenty questions, be fingerprinted, and have mug shots taken. When the realization hit me hit for me that what was going on was real (and that I was going to jail) was when I stepped into the orange jumpsuit. It was a color I was sure I hadn't worn in my entire life. To me, it symbolized life I knew it coming to a swift end. After so much interaction with drunken people and police officers, I was almost glad to be in a cell. I spent the night curled up on the bed I was meant to sleep on. I was almost too afraid to touch it at first. I didn't speak or close my eyes the first time. No one noticed me at all, much less cared about the fact I was locked up for being at the wrong place at the wrong time. There was nothing but me and my thoughts until the next morning what I was addressed for the first time in hours. \"Ms. Blair, it's time for you to meet with your attorney and go to your hearing.\" I looked in the direction of the voice and saw Sheriff Palmer. Of course it would be , I thought to myself. I knew he was the reason I was there. I knew he thought that I was hiding something. What I didn't know was where all of this was going. He opened the cell door and I stepped out and stood in front of him. I had the right to remain silent (and probably should have) but I figured I was at the bottom of the metaphorical hole anyway. There wasn't much left he could do to me. \"What exactly are you charging me with?\" I asked, putting emphasis on the 'you' to show him that I wasn't as stupid as he may have guessed I was. \"Now, don't get too hasty. That's what the hearing is for. You'll find out soon enough. \" I looked away at a curious crack at the wall. I didn't want to acknowledge his existence… or the vast amount of metal he had in his hands. My trip outside the cell block was going to require the people of Pleasentville to be protected (as if I was the only dangerous thing in the town.) This reality meant humiliation for more. I was going to have to appear in court dressed and in chains like the criminal I wasn't. \"What do you want from me? You know I'm not the one wielding the pickaxe. You're wasting your time ruining my life with this shit.\" I pleaded while simultaneously trying not to cringe or loose what I had eaten in the past twenty-four hours as he put a chain around my waist. It didn't hurt, but he was staring to repulse me. \"I wouldn't way that,\" he retorted, now binding my wrists to the cuffs provided by the chain around me. \"Do you still say Tom Hanniger is in town?\" He bent down in front of me. The last step, in case a belly chain wasn't enough to keep from me from trying to escape, there were also leg shackles. I had seen people confined like I was before, but I had never expected it to happen to me. It made me feel heavy, even claustrophobic. I had never wanted to move so badly in my life, but I knew I couldn't. \"Is all this necessary?\" I asked. \"You're in the system now and this is the procedure for transporting.\" To show me he was in control, he tightened the shackles. \"Why don't you answer the question? They get tighter.\" \"I don't have to say anything to you,\" I snapped. \"But my lawyer is upstairs if you wanna ask again when we get there.\" \"Don't fuck with me!\" He rose up from the ground and gave me look that would have done some damage if it had been some kind of weapon. \"This is serious. People around you are dying.\" \"You think I don't know that?\" \"Then stop protecting a psycho. Tell me is he's alive, where he is or I'll walk you into that courtroom and you'll be amazed what I can pull out of my ass to charge you with. You'll never see the outside of state prison again.\" I looked him in the eye. I knew I had seriously underestimated the man I had met days before during my interrogation. This was bigger than me and the pile of dead bodies between Harmony and Pleasantville. This was about Tom. There was a deep-rooted hatred there that I didn't understand. I just had the unfortunate luck to get in the middle of. As it stood, Tom had shown up in Pleasantville, been the first man to acknowledge my existence in a long while, fixed up my parent's cabin, and had driven out at 5:00 a.m. to collect me from a murder scene. Axel Palmer had showed up to upstage my local police, blew up at me during an interrogation, arrested me at the scene of my best friend's murder, and was threatening to keep me locked in a world of orange, bars, and shackles for the rest of my life To me, I didn't have to wonder who to trust. Besides, even if I had a complete meltdown and wanted to take his under-the-table deal, there was a problem: I didn't know where Tom was or where he had been for the past month. \"I'll take my chances,\" I responded at last. \"You may be surprised what a good lawyer can do.\" \"Suit yourself.\" He said as he started walking me out of the cell block. \"I'd get used to this if were you.\" For the second time, the sheriff of Harmony proved as good as his word. Not only did he manage to bring a felony charge of aiding and abetting against me, he succeeded in getting my bail set at an egregious amount. For such an incompetent officer at police work, he was certainly good at persuading a judge to see thing his way. I watched him while he spoke, wondering if I was the first innocent person he had managed to make look like a criminal or if I was just a bump on a long, crocked road of dishonest police work on his part. When the gavel pounded, Sheriff Palmer left clearly satisfied with the damage he had done. I left in the same jumpsuit and shackles I had come in, publically humiliated with the promise of spending the next two weeks in a living hell. Of course, because I didn't have thousands of dollars or anyone with it to spare on me, I wasn't going anywhere farther than a new cell. I was moved to a new area to coincide with my new title under the criminal justice system: officially charged with a felony and awaiting arraignment. It didn't look much different from where I had spent the night. Then again, all of the bars I had seen over the past 24 hours were staring to run together. This place had only one difference: a cellmate. When the bars closed on me again, it was with another woman. She looked older than me and almost twice my size. In a fight, she would break me in half like a stick. I glanced at her, momentarily in what I hoped was a non-threatening way. Although I hadn't exactly exercised my right to remain silent earlier, I planned to then. I hoped if I ignored her, she would do the same and not exercise her right to crush me. To me, it seemed like a good plan. However, luck had not exactly favored me in the past 24 hours. I realized quickly that I had managed to get possibly the only chatty cellmate in Pleasantville's lockup. \"You're the one fucking Harry Wardern, aren't you?\" My new roommate asked curiosity rather than disgust in her tone. \"Something like that,\" I said, hoping it was the right response (or, at least, one that wouldn't get me killed.) \"I fuck a guy that had killed another guy once,\" she interjected. \"Best lay I ever had.\" I nodded and stayed silent. In my head, I mentally congratulated myself for making it through my first cellmate interaction alive and without being reduced to a puddle of blood. The thought that I was stuck in there for the next 13 days until my arraignment made me sick to my stomach. Not only was I stick in jail behind metal bars for something that I had nothing to do with, but I was stick there with someone else. Even if I was innocent I had only been locked up one night and I was beginning to see how it drove people insane. Late that afternoon as the sun began to set, the events of the previous day started to sink deeper into my consciousness. My best friend had died. I had seen and been attacked by Harry Warden. A police officer with a vendetta against the only person I had found to relate to in the entire town had single-handedly deprived me of my future career, my reputation, and my freedom. The only evidence I had that any of it was real was the feeling that I had been punched in the gut and the gash on my arm Harry had left. For a second, when the realizations became too much, I turned toward the cell wall pretending to be interested in the bottom bunk and allowed a few betraying tears to creep down my cheeks. As I slowly regained control of myself, wiping my face, I noticed the sound of hurried footsteps approaching the cellblock. Taking the opportunity to distract myself, I turned back around to see what was happening. The man running, a dark skinned officer came into view seconds before something lunged into his chest from behind. Out of his uniform, something silver and pointed appeared like the blade of a long knife… or a pickaxe. When the silver retracted, he fell harshly to the ground onto the unforgiving concrete of the cellblock floor. For a moment, I tried to delude myself into hoping it was an escaped inmate, someone on another block snapped. But my powers of persuasion over myself were no match for my eyes as Harry Warden rounded the corner. He was there, in a hallway full of people in cages. We had nowhere to hide or way to protect ourselves, although I got the nauseating feeling he was only after me. There was utter chaos in the block as everyone saw him. There were so many voices shouting and screaming around me that I couldn't distinguish a single one from the others. I honestly wasn't sure if I was screaming or not, but my body locked itself where it stood. There was nowhere to move, nothing to do. I was a victim confined in a tiny, barred space. To him, I must have looked like the easiest kill he had ever come across. Easy… but not easy enough to satisfy my cellmate. She grabbed me by my arms (which wasn't difficult as off guard as I was.) I tried to struggle when I get her hands on me, to struggle, to scratch and kick, but it was all futile against her. She was twice my size and motivated by her sense of self-preservation. I was an ant in her sight and an acceptable payment for her own life. \"Let me go!\" I yelled as I again dug my fingernails into whatever I could reach from behind her grasp on me. \"Hey, you son of a bitch!\" she called to Harry as she slung me hard against the bars, holding me there with the entire force of her sturdy, much heavier body. One of her hands reached and pulled my face upwards by my hair. I looked into the glass eyeholes in his mask when he finally looked in our direction. \"I've got your bitch right here!\" \"No! Let go of me. You don't understand!\" I pleased loudly. \"I don't give a fuck!\" she made clear. \"Take her, killer, whatever, just leave me the fuck alone.\" She smashed my face up against the bars by the grip she had on my hair. By then, I knew it was pointless to try and reason with her. She was too deep into her delusion of fear. I turned my attention to the eyeholes, the closest I could come to seeing Harry. For a split second, I thought I could see the hazel of the man's irises. \"Please…\" I begged. \"Please don't. Please don't do this. You're not in the mine anymore. You don't have to hurt anyone anymore.\" But my pleas had no effect on Harry either. He raised his axe to deliver a blow, but I remained focused on the glass. \"Harry Please!\" I yelled, my voice raving desperately. \"What happened to you was an accident. No one meant for it to happen. I know Tom… I've talked to him. He's sorry… he didn't mean to….\" For a moment, the pickaxe remained suspended in midair. In that instant, I dared to think I had said something, some magic word some combination that had gotten through to him. But my delusion came crashing down as the silver, glistening and splashed with red, began is decent. The force holding my body in place didn't let up. This was it. I was going to die. The last thing I would ever was my face reflected and distorted in the eyehole of the mask before everything faded into the everlasting black that would make up the rest of forever.[Chapter 12] Hello readers! Yes, I am on a roll. I hope this chapter makes up for the sadness and the panic-attack inducing chapters. I also want to thank everyone for their reviews and encouragement! You are all great! So… I give you… Chapter 12: Reunion of Trust The next thing I became aware of was an unyielding pain, pounding in the back of my head. Though it made it hard to think, it meant I was still alive. I had no idea how I was still breathing. I remembered Harry Warden and watching the axe come down in a sure downward direction with an intense, dram-like quality. After that, there was nothing else in my memory but the black. I had no idea how long I had been unconscious or where I was, only that I had apparently survived another attempt on my life. I opened my eyes, but it did no good in answering where I was. All I could gather was it wasn't the cell I had been in before. There was white in every direction I looked. I guessed I was in the jail's equivalent of a hospital, though part of me thought it looked (and smelled) too clean to belong to the system. I was lying in bad covered in plain, white sheets in a room with all whit walls. The effect was almost blinding, especially since I wasn't sure how long my eyes had been closed. The smell of sanitizer was in the air, which did not help the pain in my head and the only thing within earshot was the hum of an air condition. As little stimulation as there was in the room, it was still enough to make my head spin. To keep from sailing the clean sheet I was wrapped in, I shut my eyes again not long after I opened them. The darkness welcomed me back an old friend. The sick feeling subsided and it was much easier to think without the bombardment of whit around me. I tried to focus on the sound of my breathing, becoming more and more level. Everything else could wait. I listened to each breath closely until I slipped back into the darkness where there was nothing. Some time later, I felt the sensation of something warm pressing against my lips. The reaction my body generated was almost too much for my mind to process so quickly from unconsciousness. My eyes shot open. My body tried to jolt forward. My ears heard the sound of a familiar voice. \"Easy, Laura… it's me… it's Tom.\" As quickly as I opened my eyes, there he was standing over me. A slowly awakening part of my mind knew I should have been suspicious, asked a thousand questions. I should have, but I didn't All I could bring myself to feel was glad to see him. In that moment, the fact that it was probably dangerous to both of us didn't matter as long as he was there. \"Tom…\" I muttered after a few seconds of looking blank. \"Yea. Do you remember what happened?\" \"That last thing I remember before I woke up here… I was in jail and Harry Warden was there.\" I pulsed, suddenly thinking about my cellmate, the one who had thought giving me over to him would save her. I remembered the downward motion of the axe before I became unconscious. I knew I was alive. \"The woman that was in there with me is she-\" Tom looked at me with the gaze of someone who really wanted to lie but couldn't. Somewhere beyond the haze of my pounding head, I knew the answer. He didn't need to say it, but after a moment anyway. \"She's gone, Laura. The end of the pickaxe hit your head when it came down. You've been in the hospital a couple of days now.\" Even though I didn't know the woman with me in the cell and she and she had tried to get me killed, I couldn't help but feel somewhat guilty for her death. The pile of bodies was adding up around me quickly. First Freddy, then Sandra… and then a woman who just had had the bad luck to be stuck in a jail cell with me. I suddenly wondered if it was safe for Tom to be there… or if he was even allowed to be there. What had he have risked to see me? Though I was happy he was in the room, I didn't want him to be the next on my pile. \"Why aren't I… being guarded or something?\" \"Your bail's been paid. This is just a hospital.\" With the first words, I raised up in my bed. My face contorted in confusion. Had I missed something overlooked a rich friend or relatives… or old guy from the diner? \"What?\" \"Yea,\" he said nonchalantly, the smile on his face that had made me nearly spill coffee a thousand times at the dinner (and actually spilled a couple of times.) \"Your… Aunt Teresa paid the courts off just before you were attacked.\" I sighed. Throughout my entire childhood, I wanted brothers and sisters, someone to play Barbies with, gush over boy bands with, and to be the one I called when I want all the way. My parent's justification for keeping me an only child had always been the same: both of them had grown up only children. There was no Aunt Teresa… but there was a Tom Hanniger. I looked at him incredulously. \"Tom, you shouldn't have done that.\" \"Yes, I should have,\" he persisted. \"I'm the reason this is happening. You would have never been in there if it wasn't for me.\" \"Axel Palmer may have had something to do with it too,\" I said in an effort to ease the guilt I knew he had to be feeling, enough to shovel out ridicules amounts of money. \"Axel's more dangerous than you think, Laura,\" Tom looked right into my eyes. He spoke like the words he spoke were the most important ones he would ever utter. \"I know I haven't been open with you, that I've shut you out every time you tried to get close to me, and I know that I should have been here to protect you. No matter how hard I tried not to fuck things up for you, I have. You don't have any reason to believe me when I say it, but I really was trying to keep you safe.\" I met his gaze. Though in a way he had a point when he said I didn't have a reason to believe him, I didn't see it that way. He hadn't exactly been open, but I wasn't exactly willing to reveal deep, reality skewing secrets on command either. He had shut me out, but I had been forward, trying to scale the wall around him without even a footing. And yes, he had left in the midst of the world as I knew it tumbling down, but he was with me now. There weren't many people who would do what he had done for me and even fewer above ground. If I had wanted to, I could have told Axel where he had been living, gave him the note he had left there for me, and let him use his pool to hunt him down. I could have, but I didn't… and, especially in that moment, I didn't regret it. \"I do believe you, Tom,\" I said without the slightest hesitation in his voice. \"You do?\" Despite my lack of conflict, he still seemed surprised. \"Yea, I do.\" \"Then will you come with me?\" He sighed like he had just something he knew was crazy. I continued to look into his eyes not saying anything. \"You're out of jail, but you can't stay in Pleasantville until you have to go back to court. He's still out there and he's after both of us.\" \"It's bail jumping to leave town like that,\" I reminded him thoughtfully. \"I know,\" he said. \"And I know it's crazy and I know you've already lost so much because of me-\" \"But,\" I interrupted. \"There won't be a trial if I die… or anything else to loose. So let's go.\" I wasn't sure which one of us was more surprised by my response. By far, it was one of the most impulsive things I had ever agreed to do (at least since college.) I knew it would actually make me guilty of a crime, not to mention make me look guilty of the crime I was accused of. Tom seemed as if the last thing he had expected me to do was agree. Yet, I could tell he was relieved I had. \"You don't have to say yes, you know. I could stay here with you-\" \"No, I want to,\" I protested. \"You're right. We can't stay here and be sitting ducks.\" \"Okay,\" he nodded. \"Can you get up? It was a good question, one that was vital to the plan of leving. I don't know whether or not I could stand, but I hadn't tried. Very slowly, I tried to wake up the muscles in my legs, wiggling my toes and working my way upward. A few minutes later, I moved my torso to the edge of the bed. I let my feet linger on the ground for a few seconds before finally getting up and putting weight on them. As I did, Tom put his hand gently on my arm to catch me in case I fell. Our eyes met in that instant. I didn't remember us touching (except by accident once when we had both reached of a packet of coffee creamer at the same time while eating breakfast at the dinner.) It was in that small span of time that I realized I was probably standing up with him at my side in a hospital gown. Likely the kind that was more revealing in the back than the dressed extremely confident, thin girls wear to prom. I mentally cursed, feeling the heat rushing to my face. Then, I cursed myself again for blushing like a five-year-old when she held hands with a boy. People (men even) had seen me in a lot less. A few days ago, I had been stripped searched as part of being booked when I was arrested. Yet, there was still something about Tom and hazel eyes that never ceased to make me feel self-conscious. I even tried to imagine what my hair must have looked like. \"Oh. Your clothes you were wearing are right here,\" he said, suddenly knowing the reason for my embarrassment and handing me the bag that held my clothes. \"Thanks,\" I blurted quickly. \"I'll just-er go change.\" I took the bag from him and, still unsure of my legs, made a beeline for the bathroom. He didn't protest, but took his hand from mine and let me go. I nearly lost it a couple of times, trying to go too fast, but made it to the room and closed the door behind me. Tom probably thought I was crazy. I quietly groaned in frustration with myself. How was I going to go anywhere with him if I freaked out every time he touched my like a tween at a Justin Bieber concert? (Minus the screaming, but the feeling was still there.) I shook my head on focused on the task at hand. The hospital gown came off over my head fairly easily. Then, after carefully maneuvering, I got my jeans on, followed by my green tank top. The next thing I saw in the bag was the ripped, blood arm of my button-up shirt. I shivered involuntarily as the memory of that night looked me in the face. Try as I might, I couldn't get passed it enough to put the shirt back on. I threw it to the side and maneuvered my socks and boots on. Leaving the bloodstained item behind, I exited the room and went back to where Tom was waiting. Our eyes met again. I had no idea if I was just more sensitive to it because of the bump I had taken to my head… or if it was something else. \"Guess we should get going,\" I said, trying to sound casual. \"Yea,\" he agreed. \"But it's pretty cold outside. Here, put this on.\" The brown jacket he had on over his green hoodie was off and over my shoulders before I could protest. I uttered a thanks as I slid my arms into the holes. The warmth felt good against my arms, but I started walking as soon as I noticed it for fear I would do something stupid (like blush) again. I didn't want to give myself the chance to look like an ass again… and I was glad to be going somewhere without being guarded (at least, guarded by someone I minded being close to me.) ","Summary":" Synopsis: Takes place a year afternthe last murders in Harmony. This time, the story is centered on"},{"Movie":"Cheetah Girls","Title":"It was always you","Author":"SecretSexySapphic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3665199","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was always you A cheetah girl slash Summary:nThere was always some huge chemistry between Galleria and Chanel.nThis is a story of how they come to term with there feelings. Slash.nIt's my first fanfic so please be gentle. If you are offended bynslashes then grow up and don't read this story. Hope you enjoy! Sendnreviews if you like it otherwise I won't know if I should continue ofnnot! Chapter 1 Hopelessnlove Galleria Garabaldi walked with her mothernDorthea Garabaldi down the strip of stores. She and her mothernwere going school shopping. I know what you're thinking, what senior goes schoolnshopping with her mother?! But Galleria had rarely been able to spendnany time with her mother since she'd rejoined the fashion game andnwanted to put some time out to do something they both enjoyed:nshopping. \"Wanna get a bite to eat?\" Dorthea askednher daughter suddenly stopping. \"I thought you'd never ask mom!nI'm starving!\" Galleria exclaimed ready to get her \"eat on\"nas she called it. \"Where to?\" her mother asked. It onlyntook Galleria a second to think. \"BK!\" she exclaimednhappily. No matter how much money her parents made and how goodnGalleria had it she would never give up \"The king;\" thenplace where she could \"have it her way\" plus she'd beenncraving a whopper all week long. \"Okay\" her mother said as they proceeded tonwalk to the Burger King that was about one block away. SuddenlynDorthea's cell phone began to ring. She fumbled through her LouisnVuitton purse which besides the essentials was full with fashionnclippings and doodles she had made. Finally she found the phone andnglanced down at the caller ID. \"I've gotta take this.\"nDorthea informed telling Galleria it was a client whom she wasndesigning a wedding dress for. Galleria prepared herself for a long wait knowingnher mom's calls could be even hours long. She prayed that this onenwould be cut short. She started looking around at some of the storenthat surrounded her. There was a Pets Mart to her left. She stared t itnsilently thinking about her dog, ' I should get To To a new toy' shenmused. She knew she would be returning to school that Monday and TonTo would have to get use to not seeing her as much again and toysnalways made him happy. She made a mental note to ask her mother about itnafter she got off the phone. Then her eyes landed on a big plasmanscreen TV sitting in the window at the furniture store in front ofnher. ' Yeah, definitely getting that once we get paid' she thought tonherself. A lot had happened since the cheetah girls had leftnBarcelona about two weeks ago. After they'd won 1 st place in the music festival they were given a record contract andnwere told they'd have to move to Spain and they would make CD's andnbecome huge celebritys. The girls were so excited and happy that they hadnwon but were not so sure they wanted to live in Spain permanently.nAfter a long deliberation the girls decided not to stay in Spain,nthough it was a beautiful and magical place they knew they would missnthe rush of the city and didn't want to miss spending their seniornyear at home. After they'd turned down the record deal andnexplained their reasons why the judges offered them a new deal. nThat they could move back to New York and still get the record dealnand record Cds as long as they come back to Barcelona and perform.nThe Cheetah girls were more than happy to except. They were going to start recording in a week andngetting paid quite frequently. Galleria couldn't wait. They're dreamsnwere finally coming true. Galleria glanced at the TV again. \"Yepnyou're going to be mine\" she mumbled then her eyes were drawn tona couch cheetah pattern all over it. She immediately thought of herngirls. They had been through a lot together and were so muchncloser after their Barcelona experience. She wondered what they wellnall up to at that very moment. She smiled thinking of how Aqua wasnprobably at home sitting at her desk jotting down fashion ideas withna plate of hot wings on the side; hot sauce included. She nprobably had hot sauce stains all over her drawings. 'That girl couldnreally be messy' Galleria thought. 'But you gotta love her' shenconcluded. Then she thought about Dorinda. 'What is Do up to?'nse wondered. 'She's probably on the phone with Joaquin. She probablynhas this huge grin on her face and is blushing like he's right innfront of her talking.' Galleria smiled a knowing smile. ' but I ain'tnmad at her cause he Is fine' she thought. Then she thought about Chanel. Her heart beatingnfaster with the very thought of the Latin beauty. When Gallerianreturned home from Barcelona; even while in Barcelona she discoverednthat she was interested in Chanel as something more than just anfriend. Galleria had always known how beautiful Chanel wasnand had always admired her for her amazing voice and zestynpersonality but this was different. When Marisol and Chanel hit itnoff and were getting really close Galleria realized she had feelingsnfor her best friend. Galleria had been jealous of Marisol. At the time she blamed it on the fact that Marisolnwas distracting Chanel from the festival but really it was the factnthat Marisol was distracting Chanel from her. This was suppose to be her chance to help Chanelnout in her time of need. Chanel was having a hard time with thenpossibility of actually having a step dad and Galleria was suppose tonhelp her through it. This was suppose to bring them close asn\"friends\" but Galleria had rarely been able to spend anyntime with Chanel because she was always with Marisol. Then Galleria realized that she didn't want to havento compete with anyone for Chanels attention. She wanted it to benhers rightfully. She didn't want to have to sit back and watchnMarisol steal Galleria she wanted to be able to say \"Hey she'snmine!\" or \"Back off!\" She didn't want to tell Chanel everything was gonnanbe alright and pat her on the back. She wanted to hold her close andnnever let her go. She wanted to feel the girl in her arms and keepnher safe, she wanted to kiss all her pain and sorrow away. She wantednChanel. She was in love with Chanel. This scared her immensely. She couldn't lovenChanel! Not Chu Chi! Not her best friend! But she did and it made herndeeply sad whenever she thought of how Chu Chi could never,nwould never feel the same way about her. She tried to forget her true feelings andnjealousy away from Chanel but the more she tried the more she felt.nAfter Chanel had told her off and defended Marisol Galleria knew shenhad to leave. Not only did she feel like the festival was becoming anloss cause and that she was holding Chu Chi back, she also felt thisnhuge pain every time she saw Chanel. It was so hard and painful to be so in love withnsomeone and not be able to do a thing about it. So she left but whennshe saw Chanel in that airport looking all adorable in her pajamasnand singing to her she couldn't leave. She loved the girl; so shenstayed. Things had gotten better since their return home.nChanel and Galleria were spending a lot of time together whichnGalleria loved and were getting closer and closer each day. But itnwas getting harder and harder for Galleria to hide her feelings. Her thoughts were interrupted by the sudden playingnof \"Blue Moon\" by Selina. That was her ringtone for Chu Chinshe thought as her heart if even possible sped up even more. She grabbed her phone which was attached to her hipnand glanced at it. She had a text message from Chu Chi. She opened itnup. \"Hey Bubbles,\" it said, \"We still on 4 movies 2ntenat ur house?\" it concluded. Galleria smiled. \"Definitely!\" she wrote. \"Just gotta rentnthe movies.\" She finished. 'Gosh I love that girl' Gallerianthought with a far off dreamy look on her face. Her phone went offnagain. \"Okay! Cya! uf04a \" it read. Galleria wrote \"Cya!\" real fast and thennclosed her phone with a sigh then she quickly reopened it staring atnher cell phone wall paper which was a picture of her and Chanelnblowing a kiss. She stared at the Spanish Bombshell feeling herselfngetting wet just by looking at her picture. 'Yeah I've got it bad'nshe thought. \"It's gonna be an interesting night.\" Shenstated as she closed her phone. Okaynppl that's chapter one. I know there are a lot of grammatical errors.nI try to stay clear of them but then again I really don't' care sonpleaz try to deal with them! I hope u liked it. There's more to comenso just hang in there and please leave reviews.[Chapter 2] Chaptern2 Notnsuch a secret Chanel closed her side kick phone and sighed happily.nShe didn't know what had come over her the last few weeks but itnfelt good. On one hand the fact that she seemed to be falling for hernbest friend was extremely scary. She couldn't be one of those people. Don't jump tonconclusions Chanel had no problem with bisexuals or lesbians she justndidn't want to be one. But every time she heard Galleria's voicenor looked into those beautiful hazel eyes she got a warm feelingninside which she had begun to look forward to. She liked having someone to dress up for and look forwardnto seeing but she knew she could never tell anyone let alone Galleriancause she could never take being labeled and called a bisexual. She had a small feeling that Galleria might have feelingsnfor her too and it made her very excited, and confused at why she wasnso excited. She sighed knowing she would never have the guts to donanything about it. Then a little smirk began to work its way on her face.n'But there's nothing wrong with a little harmless flirtingnright?' Chanel thought to herself. She opened her closet andnstarted to rummage through her clothes looking for something to wear. ' Okay something nice but not too nice,' Chanelnthought. 'Don't wanna look to dressed up.' She concluded. Shensmiled remembering the first time she discovered she had feelings fornher best friend. It was the moment her mother told her that Galleria wasnleaving Barcelona. She'd felt like her heart was being ripped outnof her chest. She couldn't believe Galleria was actually leaving.nShe started realizing how much she'd neglected her best friend andnhow much she didn't want her to leave. Then she started wondering why this was effecting her as muchnas It was. She thought about it and in the background heard Do andnAqua trying to comfort her but she wasn't paying attention; all shencould think about was her Bubbles. The fact that she just wanted to go upstairs and comfort andnhold Galleria and tell her how much she was sorry was overwhelming tonsay the least. She would do anything for the girl and at this momentnand time she realized that she might actually be interested in hernbest friend as more then just a friend. When she went into Galleria's room the next morningnonly to find that she had already left she felt she might die fromnheart ache. When they'd finally caught up with Galleria at thenairport she sung her heart out to the girl never loosing eye contactnit was an intimate moment where it seemed like everyone else in thenworld disappeared and it was just her and Galleria. That all ended on the ride back home from the trainnstation. Chanel was having a battle with herself. She knew she had tonslow her roll. She thought about it and though she had these newnintense feelings for Galleria she wasn't ready nor knew if she evernwould be to take the consequences that she'd have to take fornacting on her feelings. It was extremely hard and painful to hide and not actnon her feelings for the hazel eyed beauty but Chanel knew it was fornthe best and knew she was a strong woman who could stay strong nonmatter how talented, beautiful, funny, smart, gorgeous, sexy……..whatnwas the point again? Oh yeah she knew she could stay strong no matternhow beautiful and tempting Galleria was. Chanel sighed her eyes landing on a red slightly lowncut; glittery south pole shirt. She remembered Galleria saying shenliked it. She smiled taking the shirt out of the closet and walkednover to her drawers. She opened and began searching for a pair ofnjeans to wear along with the shirt. 'Okay something tight but notntoo tight.' Chanel mused. 'What? Got it flaunt it.' Chanelndefended to herself. An hour later Chanel was putting the finishing touchesnto her outfit. She stared at herself in the mirror. She glanced downnat the black jeans she'd decided to wear which accented and showednoff her curvaceous backside. She decided to go with black forces innorder to remain casual. Her hair was up in a clamp and she wasnputting on a pair of silver dangly earrings. \" Look at you all dressed up. Got a date or something?\"nChanel turned around rolling her eyes at the source of the comment.nThere standing in her doorway with a smirk was her twelve year oldnbrother Pucci. \" No Puc, I'm going to Bubbles for the night.\" Shenstated unexcitedly turning her attention back to the mirror. \" Whyndon't you face the facts big sis.\" Pucci started, earning anquestioning and surprising look from Chanel who thought he'dnalready left her room. She turned to him interested in where her brothernwas going. She gave him a look that said continue. \"You've got anthing for Galleria.\" He stated matter of factly. Chanel nearly fellnfrom the shock that her brother actually knew. 'Maybe it'snobvious to everyone.' Chanel wondered starting to panic. \" What are you talking about?\" she asked feigningnignorance trying to sound unphased. \"You – Chanel……\" hernbrother started talking to her as if she were slow. \"LikenGalleria.\" he finished looking to see if she'd gotten thenmessage. Chanel was panicking and the panic quickly turned tonanger. \"Pucci you don't know what your talking about!\" Shenexclaimed angrily. \"Why would I have a crush on Galleria?!\" shencontinued. \"Not only is she my best friend but she's a girl! Andnif you haven't noticed straight here!\" Chanel fumed. \" Alright sis!….\" Pucci exclaimed attempting to stopnhis sister mid rant. It didn't work of course; it never did. \" Sonmaybe you should do your research or just plain out think before younstart jumping to stupid conclusions!\" Chanel concluded voice havingnrisen an octave with each declaration. She turned back to her mirror in a huff. 'I hope thatnwas convincing' she thought and prayed to herself. \"You done?\"nPucci asked seemingly unphased by her whole revelation. \"Yeah.\"nChanel sighed in defeat, \"Good.\" Her brother said. \" Look I'm sorry for getting in your businessnalright,\" he offered. \"Won't happen again.\" He finished. \" Okay.\"nChanel muttered still not making eye contact. Her brother turned tongo out the door. \"Oh yeah I'm going over to Carlos'.\" Puccinstated referring to his best friends house. \"Mom and Luc know. Justnthought I should tell you knowing how worried you get.\" He toldnher. \"Yeah okay.\" Chanel muttered. He turned once again to exit the room. She wasn't reallynmad at her brother she was just afraid that if she made eye contactnwith him she would break down and tell him about her strong feelingsntowards Galleria. The eleven year old was very mature for his age andnmight even accept it and support her but like I said Chanel didn'tnwant the labels that the world gave you for feeling that way. \" Oh yeah.\" Her brother spoke interrupting her thoughts.n\"Yeah?\" she said still not making eye contact with the boy. \"Indon't see why your trying to be so secretive about it,\" henstarted. \"Galleria's fine!\" he stated moving his eyebrows upnand down suggestively which Chanel saw as she snook a glance at himnthrough the mirror. She rolled her eyes. \"If you don't hurry out and gonout with her shoot I will!\" he exclaimed before turning andnjogging down the hall. \"Yeah!\" Chanel yelled after him. \"Likenshe'd be interested in an eleven year old!\" she finished. Puccinran out of the front door huge smirk on his face. \" Yeah she's got it bad.\" He said aloud to himself.n\"When you gonna learn big sis brother knows all.\" He statednshaking his head sympathetically thinking of his sisters situation. Inside the house Chanel stood thinking of all her brothernhad said. 'She is beautiful.' She mused. 'And I've got tonspend the entire night with her without letting on how interested Inam in her!' Chanel painfully realized. 'It's gonna be a longnnight.' She thought as she grabbed her purse and keys and headednout the door. Author'snNotes: Okay people that's chapter 2. Please let me know if younliked it or if you didn't! Reviews are what keep me going![Chapter 3] Chaptern3 Freakin'nout Galleria paced back and forth in her living roomnnervously. 'Did I forget anything?!' she worried. \"Hmm…..Gotnmovies,\" she stated looking over towards the movies that were onnthe coffee table in front of the couch. \"Got popcorn,\" shencontinued nodding towards the box of kettle corn sitting next to thenmovies. ' I'll never understand why Chu Chi likes thatnstuff.\" Galleria mused. Kettle corn was Chanel's favorite butnGalleria couldn't figure out why people would want their popcornnsweet. 'It's ludicrous!' Galleria thought, but she'd donanything for her curly haired friend. She thought about it realizing that there wasn't muchnshe wouldn't do for the girl; in fact she couldn't think ofnanything at the time. \"Okay. Remote?\" Galleria restarted hernobject checklist along with her panic. \" Hey. Hey. Hey.\" her Dad stated coming into the room.n\"Baby calm down!\" he told her. \"Soon you'll be checking tonsee if your room is clean.\" He said finding the idea to bencompletely preposterous to his neat freak daughter. \" My room!\" Galleria exclaimed turning to head back there.n\"Hey!\" her father exclaimed catching her by the shoulders. \"Itnwas a joke!\" he said laughing. Galleria didn't find it quite asnfunny. \"Gosh! Chill out Galleria!\" her dad continued alwaysntrying to sound hip. \" You'd swear you were going on a date; it's justnChanel!\" her dad teased. \"Ha! Ha!\" Galleria laughed nervously.n\"That was Hilarious dad! Your Hilarious dad!...We're Hilariousndad!\" Galleria chatted nervously. Her father looked at her worriedly. ' Teenagers are sonstrange these days' he thought. \"Just calm down, okay baby.\" Henstated with a comforting arm on her shoulder. He turned to leavenwhich as soon as he did Galleria turned and made a beeline for hernroom. She sighed in relief once she got in her doorway \"StillnClean.\" She exclaimed. DING DONG! Her heart stopped. 'Okay thisnis it.' She thought to herself. 'This is your best friend, NOTnyour girlfriend!' she reminded herself as she headed towards thendoor. \" I've got it!\" she yelled to her parents who werenhanging out in the dining room doing Lord knows what, probably taxesnor something. She stopped glancing at herself in the hallway mirror. She was wearing a casual yet very nice black laced tank top,nher curly black hair was hanging loose with a black head band aroundnit. Galleria had slimmed down real good after their vacation tonBarcelona and the blue jeans she was wearing did wonders for hernbody. She was bare foot because she was at home and found itnpointless to wear shoes, and her jewelry and accessories were allnaccounted for. ' Alright let's do it!' she thought as she opened thenfront door. Her breath caught in her throat when she saw the otherngirl. Hazel eyes meeting light brown. Suddenly Galleria seeminglynforgot how to speak luckily Chanel didn't and was the first tonbreak the ice. \" Dang Girl! I like that shirt! You're looking good!\"nChannel commented in classic Chu Chi style. 'Good girl! Keep itnnormal!' Chanel congratulated herself. \"You to girl! Did youndress up for me?\" Galleria teased. She kicked herself inwardly,n'Stop flirting you weak love-sick puppy!' Galleria scoldednherself. \" Ha! Ha!\" Chanel laughed almost completely repeatingnGalleria's nervous laugh from earlier as she walked inside thenhouse. 'Dang she thinks I look dressed up!' Chanel thought.n'After all that trying to look casual and I still look dressed up!'nshe continued fuming. 'And was she flirting with me? And why did Inlike it so much?' Chanel wondered. ' Yep it's gonna be an interesting night!' they both thought innunison. Author'snNote: I know short chapter but it had to be done. The rest we'll benbetter! Please review and tell me what you think! Special thanks tonLaughLoveLive, GhostlyGeorge, and BlackBeautyJ for you advice andncomments![Chapter 4] Chaptern4 (Part 1) \" JustnFriends\" \" No way!\" Chanel exclaimed picking up one of the DVD'snthat was lying on the table as she sat down on the couch. \"Madea'snFamily Reunion! That's like my favorite movie!\" She saidnexcitedly. \" I know.\" Galleria mumbled sitting down next to hernfriend. \"We have to watch it!\" she exclaimed bouncing up and downnon the couch with a huge grin on her face. Galleria sighed contentlynshe was one of the very few people who saw the normally elegant andncool Chanel act like a kid. It was one of the cutest things Gallerianhad ever seen. \" Of course Chu Chi. That's why I got it.\" Galleriansaid meeting Chanel's gaze and smiling softly at her. Chanel smilednback. \"And my favorite popcorn!\" she exclaimed looking atnGalleria in awe. Galleria smiled at her friend happy that she likednher choice in movies as well as snacks. ' That's Bubbles always thinking about me. She got mynfavorite movie and everything!' Chanel thought as she let her eyesnwonder down to Galleria's lips. She would do anything to kiss thosenfull lips, she thought to herself absentmindedly licking her lips. ' Why me Lord!' Galleria thought. 'Why do I have to be innlove with the one person I could never have!' Galleria asked thenheavens in frustration. \" Sonwhat have you been up to today?\" Chanel asked. 'Besides buying mynfavorite movies and stuff?' \" Oh you know. Went shopping with mom, cleaned up a littlen(a lot) boring, boring, blazzey. Blazzey.\" Galleria said. \"Oh.\"nChannel nodded. \"Oh! I did write a new song though!\" Gallerianchided. \"Really! The lyrics just keep comin' and comin' for youndon't they.\" Chanel said. \"Hey what can I say?\" Gallerianjoked. \"Shut up!\" Chanel exclaimed laughing and smacking Gallerianplayfully. ' There goes that million dollar smile.' Gallerianmused as she laughed along with Chanel. ' See? Just like always. Itndoesn't have to be awkward.' Galleria told herself. \" So what's it called?\" Chanel asked when she stoppednlaughing. \"True Love.\" Galleria answered. \"It's about the upsnand downs of a relationship and how if you have true love you cannmake it through anything.\" Galleria told her. \" Sounds great.\" Chanel said in a dreamy voice. \"Sing itnfor me!\" she exclaimed excitedly. \" Indon't want to.\" Galleria deadpanned. \" C'mon.\"nChanel pleaded. \" Please.\"nShe said batting her eyelashes innocently. Galleria could hardly refuse it. She sighed defeated. \"CannI do it for you after the movie?\" Galleria asked. \"Okay.\"nChanel replied. \"Girls! Dinners ready!\" Dorthea called out fromnthe living room. \"Coming!\" the hungry girls shouted in unison asnthey made their way to the dining room. \" So what's for dinner -\" Galleria started before anfamiliar scent filled her nostrils. A huge grin broke out on hernface. \"Mom you're the best!\" she exclaimed as she looked downnat the pot full of Lasagna. Lasagna was one of Galleria's favoritenfoods. \" I wonder why I didn't smell it before.\" Gallerianthought aloud. \"Probably because you were too busy having a fitnover getting the house ready for Chanel.\" Her mother teased whilenshe retrieved a bag of salad from the refrigerator. Galleria's cheeks turned a dark shade of pink asnshe made her way to the kitchen sink to wash her hands. Chanelnfollowed. 'Did she actually blush?!' Chanel wondered. 'That wasnso cute!' she thought realizing she liked having that effect on hernfriend. Then she scolded herself. 'C'mon girl! Your were doing sonwell! No more mushy stuff!' she told herself. As they made their way to the table they werenjoined by Franco Garibaldi. \" Hi Chanel!\" he greeted herncheerfully. \"What's up Mr. G!\" Channel greeted him backnhappily. \"Nothing much!\" he answered. \" So how are the wedding plans coming?\" he asked asnhe sat down in his seat at the table. \"They're coming good.\"nShe answered. \"They finally decided to have the reception at thenManhattan Yacht Charters.\" Chanel continued. \" Oh my gosh! You're kidding right?!\" Gallerianexclaimed more than a little excited. \"That place is off the hook!\"nshe finished. \" Yesnit is! And I'm not kidding! I talked them into it this morning! Inwanted to tell you in person.\" She explained. \"Well it'snwonderful news.\" Dorthea said. \" Yeahnit is.\" Chanel agreed seemingly deep in thought. Galleria studied her face wondering what the other girlnwas thinking about. She made a mental note in her head to bring thensubject up later on. \"We'll have to have them over for dinnernwhen they get a chance.\" Franco spoke up referring to Chanel'snparents. \"You know get their minds off of the stressed of planningna wedding.\" He finished. \" Most definitely!\" Dorthea added. \"That would bencool!\" Channel said seemingly out of her state of thought. \"Theynhave been on wedding overdrive.\" Chanel admitted. \"Then we'llndefinitely have to do something about that!\" Galleria said. \"Theynhave a whole month to tripp about the wedding so what's one eveningnto have dinner with us.\" She continued. \"Now let's eat!\" shenexclaimed dropping the subject. Everyone seemed to agree with the words and joinednhands. They sat with Mr. and Mrs. Garibaldi across from one anothernat the heads of the table and Galleria and Chanel across from onenanother. They blessed the food and dug in. Their meal consisted ofnlasagna, garlic bread, and salad. A comfortable silence consumed the table for most ofndinner as the hungry family ate and concentrated on their food. \"SonGalleria,\" Chanel spoke up interrupting the silence. \"Did yountell your mom about yesterday?\" she asked. \"Tell me about what?\"nDorthea asked already interested. \" The two women we saw at the movies when we were withnthe cheetahs that actually recognized us!\" Chanel explained. \" NonI forgot to.\" Galleria answered. \"Gosh Galleria. Where has yournmind been lately?\" Dorthea wondered aloud. 'On Chanel.'nGalleria thought. \"Um. I don't know mom. Sorry.\" Gallerianoffered. \" It's alright honey.\" Dorthea sighed. \"So whatnhappened?\" she asked. \"Well like Chu Chi said, all of us were atnthe movies,\" Galleria started. \"We had just come out of thentheatre from seeing \"Fantastic four 2\" when we ran into these twongirls - \" \"Or rather they ran into us!\" Chanel interrupted.nGalleria rolled her eyes playfully mocking her friend. \" Which ever. Anyways they were like really excitednwhen they saw us.\" Galleria explained. \"Cause they knew who younwere?\" her father piped in. \"Yeah.\" Galleria replied. \"Andnlittle Ms. 'Everyone's out to get me' over here and Aqua werenfreaked out.\" Galleria stated looking pointedly at Chanel. \" Hey!\" Chanel defended looking at Mrs. Garibaldi fornsupport. \"You'd be freaked too if two strangers ran up to younjumping up and down and shouting, \"It's them! It's them!\"nChanel imitated. \"Yeah I probably would be a little freaked out.\"nDorthea admitted. \"See.\" Chanel said sticking her tongue out atnGalleria. ' So sexy.' Galleria thought looking at her friend.n\"Whatever.\" She said aloud. \"Anyways they had recognized usnfrom the festival in Barcelona.\" Galleria continued. \"They saidnthat they'd seen us on the Clan TVE Spanish station performing innthe festival.\" She explained. \"I didn't even know it was airingnon TV.\" Chanel spoke. \" Yes; it said that it would in the consent forms fornthe contest.\" Dorthea told her. \"Well that's why we didn'tnknow!\" Galleria exclaimed. \"You know we teenagers don't readnduring the summer. It's like one of our huge commandments.\"nGalleria explained with a serious expression on her face. Dorthea andnChanel laughed. \"I should've known!\" Dorthea joked with andramatic tone. They all began another round of laughs. \"Well anyways,\"nGalleria started as she followed Chanel to the sink to soak their nownempty plated in water. \"We gave them autographs and told them aboutnthe CD we are gonna make. They were really excited about it.\"nGalleria finished. \" It's kinda cool having fans.\" She mused aloud. \" YeahnI guess it is.\" Chanel admitted. \"Now get your forgetful tail innthe living room so we can watch my movie!\" Chanel joked as shenpushed a fake resisting Galleria into the other room. \"Thanks forndinner Aunty Dorthea!\" Chanel yelled over her shoulder. ' Those two are something else' Dorthea thought tonherself. 'Only a best friend would leave an international city andnforget their dreams just to make the other happy.' She musednthinking about the whole Barcelona incident. ' And only a bestnfriend would spend a whole entire afternoon making sure everythingnwas perfect for you.' Dorthea continued. Then another thought hit her. Not many friends wouldndo those things for each other not even best friends. She thoughtnback to the deeply hurt expression on her daughters face when she'dnthought that Chanel had chosen Marisol as her new best friend. 'Isnthere something else going on there?' Mrs. Garibaldi began tonwonder. ' No!' she quickly told herself. 'They've beennbest friends since they were four; there's no way Galleria could……'nshe knocked the thought out of her head as she went to help hernhusband with the dishes. In the living room Galleria was slowly picking up the DVDnwhile talking to Chanel who was sitting on the couch. \"So,\"nGalleria started. \"What were you thinking about at the table?\"nGalleria asked. \"Huh?\" Chanel questioned wondering what hernfriend was talking to due to Galleria's lack of information. \" At the table when dad was asking you about the wedding;nyou had this far off look on your face, like you were deep innthough.\" Galleria explained. \"Oh.\" sighed Chanel. \"You sawnthat?\" she asked. Galleria nodded silently looking at her friendnexpectantly. \" Well I was just thinking that in only one month I'llnhave a father.\" Chanel admitted. \"Yeah you will.\" Gallerianspoke. \"Not having second thoughts are we?\" she asked afraid thatnher friend had changed her mind about the whole thing. \"No. Ofncourse not!' Chanel said quickly stopping all of Galleria'snworried thoughts. \" It's just kind of overwhelming you know?\" Chanelnexplained. \"I've never had like a real dad.\" She said sadly.n\"But in a month I'll be getting a great one who wants to be therenand really just cares.\" Chanel said. Galleria smiled softly at hernfriend. \"I'm really looking forward to it Bubbles.\" Chanelnadmitted excitedly. \" Really? That's good for you Chu Chi.\" Galleria saidnputting her hand on top of her friends. The simple gesture sent ansurge of warm electricity through both of the girls and both felt it.nGalleria began to panic from the feeling and quickly retrieved hernhand. \" Let me go put this movie in.\" she said as she headedntowards the TV. \"Whoops!\" Galleria exclaimed as she dropped thenDVD blushing at her clumsiness. \"Haven't even got the popcorn yetnand I'm already Ms. Butter fingers.\" Galleria joked as she bentndown to pick up the movie. Chanel laughed. ' Whoa!' she thought as she watched Galleria retrieventhe DVD. 'Nice butt. Want her! Want her real bad!' she thought.nThen she felt a familiar tingle in her nether region. 'Oh my gosh!nShe's making me wet!' Chanel panicked as she watched Galleria putnthe DVD into the player. 'Got to get her out of the room!' Chanelnthought. She crammed her brain for a reason to get the otherngirl to leave the room. Galleria turned around. \"Blankey!\" Chanelnblurted thanking God she had thought of something. Author's Note:nSorry that's kind of a bad place to cut it off but yeah part 2nwe'll be up very soon! Hope you enjoyed part 1! Part 2 we'll benbetter and all I can say is expect the unexpected! Please review![Chapter 5] Chaptern4 (part 2) \" JustnFriends \" \" Huh?\" Galleria looked at her confused. \" Umnyou forgot Blankey.\" She said referring to the large felt blanketnthat they'd covered up with every time they watched movies at eachnother's houses since they were six. \" Oh.\" Galleria said still looking confused at Chanel'snsudden outburst. \" Cannyou get it?\" Chanel asked ignoring Galleria's questioning look. Galleria took another second to study her friend. \" Okay.\"nShe drawled out and headed towards her room. ' Okay. Calm down girl!' Chanel told herself. ' Stayncool. She's your best friend, be cool!' she soothed taking a deepnbreath as Galleria returned with the blanket which was pink andncovered in mini pictures of Betty Boop whom both of the girls lovednas children and still did. \" Here's your blankey.\" Galleria said as she put thenblanket on the couch next to Chanel. \"Thanks! Now let's watchnthat movie!\" Chanel said grabbing the blanket and beginning tonspread it out. She was on the right side of the medium sized couch. \" Okay!nOkay! Don't be so pushy princess!\" Galleria joked slightly turnednon by this new bossy Chanel. She grabbed the remote and took hernplace on the couch. Chanel sat Indian style on the couch (they were bothnbarefoot of course) as she spread the blanket over the both of them.nGalleria curled her feet to her side on the couch as she reachednbeside her at the end table, turned on a small lamp, and reached upnto turn off the lights. The movie started. \" When I first saw this movie and I saw Rochelle Aytes withnBlair I totally thought they were a happy couple.\" Chanel statednlooking intently at the television. \" Notnme!\" Galleria said looking at her friend in shock. \" What?!\"nChanel defended. \"They did look they were happy you know in thentub.\" She continued. \"Yeah for like two seconds!\" Gallerianscoffed. \" Okay. Look at her face watch her expressions the wholentime.\" Galleria instructed. \"You can tell that there's more tonthem; like they're not as happy as they seem.\" Galleria explainednas the scene played out in front of them. When it was over Chanel sighed. \"Wow. I'd nevernseen it that way.\" She said to Galleria still in awe at the otherngirls insight of the movie. \" Yeah,nyou can't definitely tell something else was going on.\" Chanelnagreed. This was not an unusual situation for the two who could talknthrough a whole movie and normally did. A comfortable silence tooknover as the two attempted to watch the movie more than talk. \" Wow. Tyler Perry is a genius.\" Galleria said innamazement as she watched all three of the characters he was playingnon screen at the same time. \" Isn'tnhe!\" Chanel agreed. \"I mean all of his characters have their ownnpersonality, voice, and are just plain out hilarious.\" Chanel saidnlooking at the screen as she spoke. \" And he's come a long way from where he started.\"nGalleria continued. \" Yeahnhe did.\" Chanel said. \" He'snsuch a good role model especially because he never forgets where hencame from.\" Galleria started. \"I mean he does charities, fundnraisers, and he makes sure he goes home and does a show for his homentown.\" Galleria finished. \" Yeah that's really good.\" Chanel agreed. \" Andnwe'll never forget our home town either when we're big and famousnand grabbing Grammys!\" Galleria declared. \"Right Chu Chi?!\"nGalleria said putting her pinky out towards the other girl. Chanelnsmiled looking at her best friend who was so full of life and had sonmany hopes and dreams. \" Right!\"nshe agreed grabbing Galleria's pinky with hers in a pinky promise. Just then a rumble came from the left end of the couch. \" Wow.nGuess that means I'm hungry again.\" Galleria joked as shenwithdrew her finger. \" Wellnyou what they say?\" Chanel asked joking back. \"Teenagers arenalways hungry!\" she concluded. \" Theynain't lyin'!\" Galleia exclaimed as they both laughed. \" So are you hungry to?\" Galleria asked \" Didn'tnI just say teenagers are always hungry?!\" Chanel joked. \" Okay!nOkay! Two in row you little jokester! I surrender!\" Galleriandeclared playfully throwing her arms up in defeat. \" I'll get the popcorn.\" Galleria volunteerednquickly getting up and grabbing the box off the table. \" Wantnme to pause the movie?\" Chanel asked grabbing the remote. \" Nonthat's alright. I'll only be a minute.\" Galleria answerednheading towards the kitchen. She knew that this might be the onlynsilent time for a while that Chanel would have to enjoy the movie andnwanted her to take advantage of it. Galleria put the popcorn in the microwave, got herself andnChanel some sodas, and grabbed herself a nutri-grain bar. Don'tnjump to conclusions Galleria's not a health nut, but since she'dnslimmed down after the Barcelona trip she'd been trying to eatnhealthier. All her friends and family had told her that she lookednfine the way she was, but you know Galleria she does what she wants;nso she lost weight. And everyone had to admit if even possible shenlooked even better than she already did before. Now the eatingnhealthier thing wasn't going quite so well. You know teenagers andnjunk food go together like peanut butter and jelly, but she did whatnshe could when she got the chance. She grabbed a tray out of the cabinet, put all ofnthe snacks on it, and headed towards the living room. \" Yournsnacks are served Madame.\" Galleria said with a faux Britishnaccent. \" Thank-Younkind lady.\" Chanel said immediately grabbing the bowl of popcorn,nputting it in between them, and grabbing a sprite. Who's that for?\" she asked making a gesture towardsnthe Nutri-Grain bar. \" Me.\"nGalleria replied. \" Uhnuh! No way girl!\" Chanel exclaimed. \" This is junk food night! No healthy food allowed.\" She toldnGalleria. \" But I don't want to eat kettle corn.\" Galleria saidnhalf whining. \" Whynnot? Kettle corn is the best!\" said. \" I'mnsure it is, but I don't want any sugary popcorn.\" Galleriancountered. \" Waitna minute.\" Chanel said realizing something. \"You've never triednit have you?\" she asked seemingly already knowing the answer to hernquestion. \" No.\" Galleria mumbled. \" Inknew it!\" Chanel exclaimed. \"C'mon Bubbles you've got to trynit!\" she declared. \"Don't' knock until you've tried it!\"nshe coaxed. \" C'monnnow that's just stupid don't you think! Don't knock untilnyou've tried it?! Why don't we all drink bleach we've neverntried that! Who invented that?!\" Galleria exclaimed in halfnsarcastic half joking tones attempting to change the subject. \" Trynit.\" \" No.\" \" C'monntry it.\" \" No.\" (Couplenof seconds of silence.) \" Donit for me?\" ' Dang!nWhy didn't I think about that!' Galleria cursed. 'Well it'sntoo late now. I definitely can't say know after she's said that.nI'd do anything for her.' \" Fine.\" Galleria sighed picking up a popcorn. \"Younhave to eat at least four to get the full effect.\" Chanel stoppednher before she ate it. \" Fine\"nGalleria grumbled picking up three more. \"Here goes nothing.\" Shensaid stuffing the four pieces of popcorn in to her mouth and chewingnslowly. Chanel was staring at her intently waiting to see if she'dnliked it and Galleria had to admit she was loving the attention. \" So?\" Chanel asked. \" Notnbad.\" Galleria deadpanned. \"Not bad at all!\" Galleria admittedngrabbing another handful of popcorn. Chanel smiled a satisfied smilenand joined Galleria in the attack of the popcorn. After all the snacks were gone Chanel was getting kind ofntired, but she was determined to finish the movie. The temperaturenwas cooling down immensely and definitely wasn't helping her cause.n She and Galleria both had the blanket up to their necks clingingnfor warmth. It was getting harder and harder for Galleria to resistnChanel. The longer she was with her the more she wanted to be withnher and she had been with her the whole night. Galleria was dieingnfor some kind of contact but it couldn't; over any circumstances benmistaken for something other than friendly. \" I'm cold.\" Chanel said turning to her. ' Bingo!'nGalleria thought excitedly as she held up her arm and motioned fornChanel to come closer to her. Chanel smiled gratefully but instead ofnjust coming closer to Galleria she mobbed all the way into Galleria'snoutstretched arm. ' Wow. I didn't expect her to do that!' Galleria thoughtnas a goofy grin made its way up on her face. 'But I'm glad shendid!' she thought as she lowered her arm around Chanel'snshoulders bringing the girl closer to her. They were cuddled up in a close embrace; their heads thenonly thing not pouring into each other as they tried to focus on thenmovie. Though this close embrace would've been awkward for anynother friends it wasn't for the two friends. It just felt right tonthem and they both felt content and safe. Chanel found herself being lost in the moment. Shenslowly laid her head down gently on Galleria's shoulder andnattempted to get back into the movie completely at ease andncomfortable in Galleria's arms. Galleria on the other hand wasnfighting to hang on. 'C'mon girl hold on! Stay strong!' Shentold herself fearing that if she bathed in the moment too much shenmight do or say something stupid like I LOVE YOU or do somethingnstupid like kiss her. \" Don't they make a cute couple?\" Chanel saidngrabbing Galleria's thigh to get her attention go the screen withnBoris Kodjoe and Lisa Anderson on it. ' Whoanbaby! Can't do that!' Galleria thought feeling her nipples hardennand her midsection heat up as a reaction to Chanel touching hernthigh. 'Already hard enough being so close without you doing stuffnlike that!' Galleria thought. \" Yeah.\" She choked out trying to get herselfntogether. Chanelnturned to her lifting her head from her shoulder. \"You okaynBubbles?\" Chanel asked with a concerned look on her face. \" YeahnI'm okay. I'm just sleepy.\" Galleria lied. \" Wellnyou don't have to try to stay awake for me.\" Chanel told her. ' Awwnshe's so cute.' Galleria thought. \"Okay. Thanks baby.\"nGalleria said before thinking. ' Oh my gosh! You idiot! Tell me you didn't saynthat!' Galleria panicked. 'Now she's going to look at you allncrazy and your going to have to make up an explanation!' she fumed.nBut to her surprise Chanel just turned around and layed her head backnon Galleria's shoulder with a huge grin on her face unbeknownst tonGalleria. 'I like sleepy Galleria.' Chanel thought. ' Inguess she didn't hear me or something.' Galleria thought thankingnGod Chanel didn't freak. With new built confidence Galleria layed her headndown on top of Chanel's and their already close embrace became evenncloser. ' You got off easy that time but you might not be so luckynnext time.' Galleria realized. And at that moment she decided thatnshe needed a distraction. Maybe she'd try to get a job. She didn'tnknow; all she knew was that she couldn't ruin her friendship withnChanel which was liable to happen if something else slipped out. Twenty minutes later the end credits began to rollndown the screen. \"That really is a good movie.\" Galleria said tonChanel. When she got no response she looked down at the other girlnonly to find out she was a sleeping beauty, but unbeknownst to hernthe light sleeper had awaken at the sound of Galleria's voice butnwas in no hurry to let the intimate moment end and was faking sleep. She opened her eyes a little peeking to see if shenhad convinced the other girl of her sleepy state. She eased themnslightly open only to find the other girl staring right back at her.n'Great. I'm caught.' Chanel thought but then realized thatnGalleria wasn't looking at her accusingly but was just plain outnlooking at her. Chanel had never seen anyone look at her with so muchnlove in their eye; it was unnerving. Chanel watched Galleria studynher and had the biggest desire to just grab her and kiss her rightnthen and there but then Galleria's expression suddenly turned sad.nChanel wondered what she was thinking. Galleria was having an inward battle with herself. 'nShe's so beautiful and smart; she's perfect.' Galleria thoughtnbut then frowned thinking, 'She'll never like me like thatnthough. It's useless.' She concluded deciding she had to give upnany and all thoughts of attraction towards Chanel in order to keepnher as a friend. Chanel studied her deeply sad expression growing sadnfrom just watching her. Suddenly Galleria bent down and gave her anlingering kiss on the four head. Chanel was begging for more in theninside then she wondered why the kiss felt like a good-bye one. Galleria began to lightly shake Chanel'snshoulders. \"Time to get up. The movies over.\" She whisperednsoftly. Chanel opened her eyes slowly as if for the first time. \"Inwent to sleep?\" she asked innocently. 'This is so hard.'nGalleria thought. \"Yeah.\" She answered softly. \"C'mon let'sngo to bed.\" She said grabbing Chanel's hand and leading her tonthe bedroom. Galleria led Chanel over to her bed once theynwere in her room and sat her down, and then walked over to herndresser and opened the drawer that was reserved for Chanel since shenstayed over so often. She picked out a pair of pajamas for the otherngirl. \" Here.\" She said handing the pajamasnover to the other girl. \" Thanks\"nChanel said seemingly more awake. \" Don'tnforget you have to the new song to me!\" she reminded smiling. Galleriansmiled a sad smile and nodded. ' Whynis she so sad?' Chanel wondered as she went and changed I thenbathroom while Galleria changed in the room. \" Alright let's hear it!\" Chanelnexclaimed as she climbed up and propped herself o the right side ofnthe bed determined to cheer the other girl up. Gallerianwalked over to her keyboard where her lyrics were. She grabbed hernlyrics and sat in the chair that was In front of her keyboard. Shencleared her throat preparing for the song she had secretly writtennfor Chanel. 'Here goes.' She thought as she began humming thenopening bars. Knownthat we've had our ups and downs Andnwe've had some trials too Butnjust know I'm not going anywhere CausenI'm in love with you. Peoplenwill talk and people will hate Andnpeople will lie to your face Butnour love will keep us together Wencan't let it go to waste Chanel listened intently to the words and eating them all up.nShe already loved it the tune, the words, the message, the wholenthing. She slowly closed her eyes an began bobbing her head asnGalleria started the chorus. Sonhold o baby Letnme be your wing Causenour love can Takenus through anything Ournfeelings are real Sentnfrom up above Andnno one can ever end OurnTrue love Galleria took a pause before moving on to the second verse.nChanel wondered why She had stopped and began to open her eyes justnas Galleria restarted. Chanel took the opportunity to peek atnGalleria who was starting to really get into the song. Inknow sometimes you doubt us Thinknthat we may not belong Butnyou've gotta believe and have faith Causenour love is strong Peoplenwant to tear us apart with Lies,nrumors, and such Butnyou've gotta stay here with me BecausenI love you so much Chanel loved watching Galleria sing. She sung with suchnpassion. She seemed to be so free she seemed…….alive. Then for anmoment it looked like Galleria was looking right at Chanel. Did shenknow she was peeking? Chanel wondered. Then Galleria did somethingnChanel did not expect. Galleria thought Chanel had gone back to sleep since herneyes were shut and she was no longer bopping her head along to hernsinging. She turned towards Chanel and started singing with all hernheart to the seemingly sleep Chanel. Sonhold on Baby Letnme be your wing Causenour love can Takenus through anything Ournfeelings are real Sentnfrom up above Andnno one can ever end Ourntrue love Galleria lost herself In the lyrics praying that some how somenway Chanel could love her as much she loved her. Sonhold on baby ' Inwill hold on baby. I will if you do.' Chanel thought as Gallerianrepeated the chorus. She was bout ready to forget what the worldnwould think. She wanted so badly to follow her heart which wasnscreaming at her to be with Galleria. Chanel watched as Galleria ended the song. Galleriansighed sadly still looking at Chanel. 'Well that's it.'nGalleria thought looking at Chanel sadly. 'You've got to give hernup. Try not to love her.' She told herself. ' What's wrong baby?' Chanel wondered as shenwatched Galleria walk to her doorway and turn the lights out. 'I'llnfind out what's bothering you.' Chanel declared. ' Cause I lovenyou Bubbles and I'm almos ready to let you know.' Chanel thought.n'Just hold on.' Little did she know that Galleria had alreadyngiven up. Authorsnnotes: Sorry for the sad ending but it had to be done. They have tonhave their short comings and downfalls but I promise it'll make thenending all the better. Thanks a billion 4 those of u who arenreviewing and giving advice. I'm trying my best to do what younsaid. Thanks BekahBabe! I'll be busy for the rest of the week Goinnto see Harry Potter so I won't update for a while! Anyways pleasenreview! Thanks![Chapter 6] Chaptern6 Breakndown Galleria woke up. She looked down at the angelic facenwhich belonged to Chanel who was sleeping silently. \"I wish youncould be mine.\" Galleria whispered sd she softly touched Chanel'sncheek. Suddenly Chanel's eyes snapped open. \"What arenyou doing?!\" she exclaimed backing away from Galleria and lookingnat her accusingly. Galleria stared at her horrified as the very thingnshe feared was brought to life. \"Nnothing.\" Galleria stutteredncompletely stupefied. \" No you know what you were doing!\" Chanelnsnapped seemingly angry. \"You're gay aren't you!\" she yellednlooking at Galleria in complete and utter disgust. \" No!\" Galleria cried tears coming to her eyesnas her heart seemed to be getting ripped out of chest with everynpassing second. \" Stop lying Galleria! You are!\" Chanelncontinued fire in her eyes and her voice ice cold. Galleria felt like she couldn't breathe. Hernwhole world was crashing around her and she thought she might die.nShe looked into the eyes of the girl she loved and saw pure hate andndisgust. 'That's what she thinks about me.' Galleria thought tonherself willing the ground to just open up and swallow her whole. \" I hate you! Stay away from me!\" Chanelnexclaimed as she got up from the bed and ran out of the room.nGalleria jumped up to go after her but was overcome by a suddennweakness. Her heart was breaking and it was effecting her bodynstrength. She hunched over in pain. This was too much.n\"No!\" Galleria attempted to yell as tears began to rapidly flownout of her eyes. \"Don't go. Don't leave me!\" she whisperednweakly. Suddenly her eyes snapped open and she wasnpulled out of the nightmare panting hard, sweating, with tearsnrolling fiercely down her cheeks. Her nose was overcome by anraspberry scent. Galleria looked around and saw that she wasnstill in her bed. \"Thank God it was just a dream.\" Gallerianprayed still feeling the immense pain of her nightmare. She tried to get out of her bed only to findnthat she couldn't for something was holding her back. She glancedndown and saw that there was a single arm draped around her waist.nChanel's arm had some how found it's way around her and wasnholding her close as she slept silently. Galleria sighed. She was seemingly trapped andnpanicking with every passing second. She needed to get out of there.nShe needed to clear her head of that horrible dream. Her heart wasnpumping fast and she felt she'd have a heart attack if she didn'tncalm herself. She slowly tried to wiggle herself from Chanel'snhold. Chanel began to stir and subconsciously pulled Galleria closernto her protectively. She opened her eyes slowly adjusting to thenlight. Chanel blinked her eyes becoming aware of her surroundings. Her hand was resting on something soft. Shenrubbed her thumb back and forth realizing it was skin. She glancedndown only to see that her arm was draped around Galleria's body andnher hand was caressing the soft exposed skin underneath her bellynbutton. Chanel slowly began to realize the reason she'dnawaken was because of movement from Galleria meaning the other girlnwas obviously awake, and she'd just been rubbing on her skin whichnwas very soft did I mention that.! Chanel didn't really want tonmove from the position but had a feeling that since Galleria wasnmoving she probably had somewhere to go. She slowly untangled her arm from Galleria's middle.n\"Sorry about that. Guess I got a little possessive.\" Chanel jokednsoftly her voice sounding sleepy. \" It's okay.\" Galleria sniffled moving to get out of the bed. \" Hey Bubbles you okay?\" Chanel asked softly reachingnout and grabbing Galleria's wrist to stop her from leaving. Shenheard the sniffle and was wondering if everything was alright withnher seemingly suddenly sad friend. She crawled over to Gallerianpeeking over her shoulder to see her face. \" Bubbles your crying!\" Chanel exclaimed in surprisenreaching over and wiping the girls tears away. \"I'm fine.\"nGalleria said turning her face away out of Chanel's reach. \" You're obviously not.\" said Chanel softly. \"Ifnyou just tell me what's wrong I can help.\" She reasonednconcerned. \" You can't help.\" Galleria said lookingnstraight at the wall In front of her; her face unreadable andnemotionless. \" Yes I can. If you let me in.\" Chanel saidnputting a reassuring hand on Galleria's arm. It was just too much for Galleria. She couldn'tntake it. She felt like she was suffocating. Having gone from justnhaving her heart trampled on to being touched lovingly was justnbringing up too many emotions. \" Just leave me alone. Please.\" Galleria said asnshe stood and walked out of the room. Now it was Chanel who felt likenher heart was being ripped out. ' What is her problem?!' Chanel wondered. 'Everythingnwas perfect yesterday! Well for the most part.' She mused. 'I'vengot to figure out what's wrong with her! I can't take much morenof this!' Chanel decided as she picked up Galleria's pillow andnhugged it close to herself. She inhaled the bubble gum scent that stuck to it. \"GoshnBubbles why won't you talk to me?\" she asked to no one innparticular. She grabbed her cell phone from her charger with onlynone thought on her mind as she dialed in panic, ' Time for anCheetah emergency meeting!' Authorsnnotes: That's it for chapter 6! Sorry it's so short but I thinknthe rest are gonna be the same length. That way I can update morenfrequently because it took me forever to write Chapter 5! Anyways Inhope it was to your liking even though it was sad and what not butnyeah just wait for the pay off. Please review. All advice andncriticism is welcome but please go easy 1 st fic here people![Chapter 7] Chaptern7 CheetahnChatter \" Hello?\" said the questioning voice of DorindanRogers. It was seven o'clock a.m. and Dorinda was wondering whonwould be calling her house so early. \" Hey Doe. It's me.\" Chanel replied. \" What'snup ya'll?\" Aquanette Walker asked. They were all on three-way. \" HeynAqua.\" The other girls both said in unison. \" So what's up Chanel? WE still meeting overnthere at ten right?\" Dorinda asked. \" Yeahnof course.\" Chanel replied distractedly. \" Thennwhat's up with the Cheetah SOS?!\" Aqua asked ready to get to thenbottom of things. \" What? I can't just call my girls?!\" Chanelnstalled starting to have second thoughts about the call. \" Notnat seven in the morning you can't!\" Aqua deadpanned. Chanel didn't know what to do. On one hand shenreally needed to talk to someone about the way Galleria was acting,nbut on the other hand she was afraid she might say something thatnwould give away her feelings for the other girl. \" Well……it's about Bubbles.\" Chanel finallynadmitted with a sigh. \" Whatnabout Galleria?\" Dorinda spoke up. \" Wellnshe's been acting kinda weird lately.\" Chanel stated feeling badnfor going behind the other girls back, but she had to know what wasngoing on. \" How so?\" Aqua asked. \" Wellnshe's been kinda down in the dumps ever since after the movie lastnnight and this morning she was even crying.\" Chanel explained. \" Shenwas crying?!\" Dorinda asked in disbelief starting to get worried.n\"Yeah\" Chanel replied. \" Well didn't you ask what was wrong?!\"nAqua pressed surprised that her friend had been crying and going intonprotective mode. \" Ofncourse I did!\" Chanel exclaimed thrown off by the accusing tone ofnAqua's voice. \"She won't talk to me! It's like she'snavoiding me.\" Chanel defended. \" Oh\" Aqua said. \"Sorry for attacking younlike that. I'm just worried.\" Aqua explained. \"It's alright.\"nChanel replied. \" We're all worried.\" Dorinda interjected. \"So tell usneverything that happened after the movie.\" Dorinda pressed. Chanel told them all the events that had takennplace leaving out the kiss on the forehead, the intimate looks, andnthe spooning that had taken place that morning. \" Wow.\" Aqua said in awe after the story wasnover. \" Itnsounds like she's really sad. I've never seen Galleria likenreally really sad. I wonder what's wrong with her.\" Aquanfinished. \" Yeah. Where is she now? Are her parentsnthere?\" Dorinda asked. \" Nonthere not here. Her dad's at some kind of convention and her mom'snat a fashion show.\" Chanel told her. \"And after she walked out ofnthe room I heard the front door open and shut so I'm assuming she'snoutside.\" Chanel replied. \" Wow. She went outside in her PJ's?!\"nAqua asked in disbelief. \" Goshnshe must've really wanted to get away from you!\" Aqua exclaimed. \" Shutnup Aqua!\" Dorinda snapped. \"She already feels bad enough.\" Shenscolded. \" Don'tnworry Chanel. We'll come by an hour early so we can inspect thensituation.\" Dorinda comforted. There was a moment of silence on the othernend of the phone as Chanel took in Aqua's previous words andnwondered why Galleria had to her away from her so badly. \" Chanel?\" Dorinda questioned on the other endnwondering why Chanel wasn't responding. \" Okay.\"nChanel said snapping out of her thoughts. \"Thanks.\" She said. \" Nonprob girl.\" Do said. \"Yeah girl. We're the Cheetahs and we'llnget through this just like we did everything else.\" Aquanencouraged. Chanel heard the front door open and shut again. \" I'vengotta go you guys.\" Chanel hurriedly said. \"Galleria just camenback inside!\" she rushed. \" Okay. Hang in there girl!\" Aqua toldnher. \" Inwill.\" Chanel replied. \"Bye!\" they all exclaimed in unison asnChanel closed her phone and hurriedly hooked it back up to herncharger just before Galleria re-entered the room. \" Hey\" Galleria said softly as she walkedntowards her bed. While outside Galleria decided that if she didn'tnchange her attitude she was going to loose Galleria altogether. She felt really bad for snapping at the otherngirl. She knew now that she had to make things normal again; it wouldnbe hard but she was determined to do so. \" Hey\" Chanel echoed. \" I'mnsorry about that. The snapping that is.\" Galleria said softlynlooking into Chanel's eyes. \"I didn't mean to blow up likenthat.\" Galleria said still looking the other girl square in theneyes hoping she would know how sincerely sorry she really was.nGalleria would never want to hurt Chanel in any way. \" I had a bad dream and I was kind of on edge.\"nGalleria further explained. Chanel looked back into the hazel eyesnwhich were looking so intently at her. She looked into them and sawnall that was good in the world in them. She could tell that Gallerianwas generally sorry and was pleading for her forgiveness. \" You feel better now?\" Chanel askednsoftly. \" Yeah\"nGalleria replied a smile beginning to work its way up on her face. \" ButnI'll be even better if you forgive me and give me a hug.\"nGalleria said playfully batting her eyelashes at the other girl. Chanel got a warm feeling inside. It feltngood to see the other girl smile again; especially at her. Chanelnfelt a smile of her own start to work its way up on her face. \"Ofncourse I forgive you!\" she exclaimed laughing happily as she huggednher friend. All was right with the world again. Her Bubbles was happynagain and this hug was feeling like paradise. \" Oh by the way……..\" Chanel startednafter they parted. \" Aquanand Doe are coming over an hour early.\" She said avoidingnGalleria's questioning look. \"And why are they coming early?\"nGalleria asked slowly as she locked eyes with a very guilty lookingnChanel. Galleria's eyes got big in realization. \"Chu Chi!\"[Chapter 8] Chaptern8 ThenMall ' DING DONG' rang the door bell about an hour andna half later. Thentime hour and a half had been spent with normal morning routines suchnas showers, tooth brushing; face washing, dressing, ect. The rest wasnspent eating breakfast and sharing small talk. \" You just had to set the Cheetah alarm off.\"nGalleria said looking at Chanel. \"I said I was sorry Bubbles;nbesides I was worried.\" Chanel defended. \" I know.\" Galleria sighed. \"So why don'tnyou go ahead and answer the door Oh worried one so I don't have tonwatch them stare at me like I'm some kind of basket case!\"nGalleria half joked. \" They will not!\" Chanel exclaimednchuckling at the thought. \" Ohnyeah?!\" Galleria challenged. \"Yeah!\" Chanel replied. \"Okaynwe'll see about that.\" Galleria declared with a sly look on hernface. \" What are you going to do Bubbles?\"nChanel asked in her motherly 'Don't do anything crazy' voice.n\"You'll see.\" Galleria replied with a half grin. \"Now hownabout that door?\" she hurried. \"Okay! Okay! I'm going!\"nChanel said as Galleria pushed her on. Chanel opened the door slowly. Galleria was rightnbehind the door peeking through the crack at her friends. \"Hey younguys!\" Chanel said to the two girls. \"What's up.\" Dorindansaid smiling hopefully as Aqua looked past Chanel and into the house. \" So where's -\" Aqua started but abruptlynstopped as Galleria walked out from behind the door. \"Oh…..Oh….HeynGalleria.\" Aqua said trying to cover the fact that she'd beenntalking about her and failing miserably. \" Hi Aqua; Doe!\" Galleria said cheerfully with ansmile, and then gave Chanel a pointed look while smiling a lopsidedn'told you so' grin. Chanel rolled her eyes. \"So much for beingnsubtle Aqua!\" Chanel scolded. \"Wha What?\" Aqua feignednignorance wondering why Chanel was saying this in front of Galleria. Dorinda also wondered and gave Chanel a puzzle look.n\"She already knows I called you guys!\" Chanel said laughing atnthe confused look on her friends faces. \" How?\" Dorinda asked. \"Because I told her.\"nChanel confessed. \"But Aqua would have given it away either way!\"nChanel continued. \"Whatever Aqua said suddenly really interested innthe floor. \" Everything's cool.\" Chanel told them. \"When nGalleria came back inside we talked and now everything's good.\"nChanel explained. \"Yeah everything's good now.\" Gallerianassured. \"Really?\" Dorinda asked skeptical to believe too fast.n\"Really.\" Galleria replied with an honest smile. \" Whew! Thank God!\" Aqua suddenly exclaimed. \"Indidn't feel like dealing with any drama today!\" she continued.n\"And on that note let's go! We've got places to go and peoplento see!\" she concluded. Chanel and Galleria quickly grabbed their purses andnwere out the door. \" ThanknGod you have a car Aqua!\" Chanel said as she and Galleria got innthe back seat of Aqua's 2007 Cadillac, Escalade. \" I swear you say that every time you get in here!\"nAqua laughed shaking her head in disbelief. \"She's probably justnhappy we don't have to walk anymore or take cabs.\" Dorindansmiled. \"Yeah!\" Galleria agreed. \"Cause these boots were notnmade for walking!\" she joked referring to the knee length, bagencolored, high heeled boots she was wearing. All the girls were decked out and ready to paint thencity with Cheetah spots. \"I hear you!\" Aqua laughed in agreementnwith Galleria. \"So where to ladies?\" she asked as she backed outnof the driveway. \" Mall!\" three voices exclaimed in unison.n\"Okay,\" Aqua smiled shaking her head. \"Should have seen thatncoming.\" She said turning and heading for the mall which was aboutn10 minutes away. \" Oh guys guess what Joaquin said to Doe lastnnight!\" Aqua exclaimed in a sing song voice about 5 minutes intonthe trip. \"What did he say?!\" Galleria asked interested rightnaway. \"Tell them Doe!\" Aqua pushed excitedly. Dorinda rolled herneyes slightly blushing. \"Well………\" she started. \" C'mon girl spit it out!\" Chanel interruptednher babble. \"Okay! Okay!\" Dorinda said putting her hands up andnin defense. \"Well basically Joaquin told me he thinks he'snfalling in love with me!\" Dorinda squealed excitedly.n\"Eeeeeeeeeeee!\" Galleria let out one of her ear piercing; highnpitched screams. \" Ya'll are just too cute!\" she said with anhuge smile on her face. \"Yeah Doe! I'm really happy for you.\"nChanel said as they pulled into the mall parking lot. \"You're sonlucky to be with such a great guy who really does care about you.\"nChanel concluded looking off in space as she thought of Galleria. The look was not lost on Dorinda who wondered ifnher friend had also found a guy and was thinking about him. \"Yeah.\"nDorinda said as Aqua finally found a parking space at the crowdednmall. \" Yeah?!\" Chanel suddenly exclaimed laughing.nDorinda looked at her confused. \"You're suppose to say somethingnencouraging like, 'So will you someday' or something!\" she saidngetting out of the car. \"Oh! Sorry.\" Dorinda said apologetically.nThe girls all laughed as they made their way to the mall entrance. \" Galleria Garibaldi.\" Galleria heard asnDorinda was moving to open the mall door. The familiar voice sent antingle down Galleria's back. \"Never thought I'd hear that laughnagain.\" The person said referring to the girls laughter a momentnago. \"I've missed you baby.\" The smooth voice spoke again.nThree heads went flying around in the direction of the voice,n\"Derrick!\" Author'snNotes: Okay that's chapter 8 people! I know it was kind of shortnbut chapter 9 we'll be better and so will the rest to come. Derricknis now in the picture; things should be getting real interesting realnsoon! Keep reading! Please review![Chapter 9] Chaptern9 Decisions Galleria slowly turned around coming face to facenwith her ex-boyfriend whom she dated for a year and a half. She feltnher heart skip a beat. Derrick was still……well fine. He hadnchanged a little but was looking very good at that. His once longnhair was now cut short but was still wavy and nice. Henhad a nice little mustache coming in and a little nice beard patch tonmatch. Derrick was plain out sexy. He had gotten his ears pierced and was nownwearing a diamond stud. He had on a light blue and white striped polonshirt and some khaki shorts on; along with some white converse. \" Hi Derrick.\" Galleria stated plainlyntrying to hide her emotions all the way from anger and resentment tonexcitement that came flooding back when she saw the boy. \"Hi baby.\"nDerrick replied looking at Galleria intensely. \"You look good.\"nHe commented. ' Okay what's with the baby stuff?!'nChaned wondered. 'Ya'll broke up six months ago!' she fumednfeeling the jealousy rise in her with every passing second. Chanel knew deep down inside thatnGalleria did love her but the way she was looking at Derrick at thatnmoment made her wonder if she still had feelings for the guy. \" Thanks. You do too.\" Galleriancommented while sneaking a look at Chanel out of the corner of herneye. 'Chanel looks soooo good in that skirt. She has gorgeousnlegs!' Galleria thought as she turned her attention to Derrick. \" So what are you doing here?\"nGalleria asked. Derrick had moved away 5 months ago; 1 month afterntheir break up. His dad was in the army and had been restationed innColumbus, Georgia. \" Well…….my dad got stationed backnhere.\" Derrick told her flashing one of his breathtaking toothyngrins. 'He's so cute!' Galleria thought. 'Why does Chanelnlook so mad?' she wondered as she noticed the seemingly aggravatednLatina standing behind to her right. 'She's so sexy when she'snmad.' Galleria mused. ' Stop it!' Galleria told herself.n'Lost cause! Stop thinking about her!' She scolded herselfnrefocusing on Derrick who was talking about Georgia and how thenpeople there were so nice and how it's really changed him. ' He does seem nicer.' Galleria mused thinkingnback to the reasons for their break up. Derrick was just too selfncentered for one but when she caught him cheating on her she knewnthey were over. Her and Aqua had been eating at Apple B's. Aquanhad spotted the couple making out and was just talking about how shenloved public display as much as the next person but they really justnneeded to get a room. Galleria had turned to see what Aqua wasntalking about just as the couple had broke apart. She almost had anheart attack when she found out it was Derrick. Aqua had chewed him out right away.nTelling the girl that he had a girl friend and then telling him whatna jerk he was. Galleria broke up with him that night. It had been anhard month for her but her girls were there for her the entire time. They pigged out on food with her whennshe got really sad. They watched sad sappy romance movies with her,nand gave her a shoulder to cry on. But Chanel, Chanel had been thenbest. Galleria smiled thinking of thenmoments she would cry herself to sleep and Chanel had been rightnthere beside her, holding her, and telling her how beautiful andnsmart she was and how stupid Derrick was to do that to her. ' She's always been there for me.' Gallerianthought. 'I don't know what I'd do without her!' she mused.n'That's why I've got to stop this! If I keep this up I'llnloose her for good.' She told herself fearing a life without Chanelnand her friendship. She refocused yet another time on Derrick who hadnseemingly been in a long thought out conversation with her. \"And Inmissed you like crazy and I can't believe I ever gave you up.\" Hentold her looking deep into her eyes. Galleria looked back and foundnherself getting lost in the pools of blue. \" And I met a lot of girls in Georgia, butnnone of them were like you.\" He stated looking at her intently.nChanel scoffed in awe that he was actually going to try to sweet talknher. Three sets of eyes turned questioning her sudden outburst. \"Um,nI had something in my throat.\" Chanel muttered suddenly interestednin the ground below her. \" What are you trying to say?\" Gallerianasked him. \"I want to get back together.\" He stated matter ofnfactly. Chanel felt like her whole world was going to shatter into anmillion pieces. He couldn't have Galleria! She was hers. Galleria studied Derrick and for thenfirst time in her life saw vulnerability in his eyes. 'Wow. Henreally has changed.' Galleria thought. \"I don't know what tonsay.\" Galleria replied. Just hear me out.\" Derrick said grabbingnher hand and pulling her aside. \"Excuse us ladies.\" He callednover his shoulder. The three turned and went, Aqua andnDorinda dragging Chanel, and sat on a bench a few feet away fromnDerrick and Galleria. \" What is up with you?!\" Aqua askednChanel after they'd sat down. \"You would swear the boy had runnover your dog or something!\" she continued. \"What did I do?!\"nChanel asked in faux astonishment. \"What did you do?!\" Aqua askednin awe. \"Well you could've killed the guy with all the daggersnyou were shooting at him!\" Aqua said. \"Yeah! What was up withnthat Chanel?\" Dorinda asked. \" Well…….\" Chanel racked her brainnfor a good enough explanation. \"Ya'll remember how Galleria wasnafter they broke up……\" she prodded. \" I just don't want tonsee her get hurt again.\" She told them. \" Oh she won't!\" Aqua assured.n\"Cause if he hurts her again he'll be getting g a beat downnCheetah style!\" she told Chanel. \"Alright Aqua. If you think youncan take him.\" Dorinda said shaking her head in disbelief. \"NonI'm going to hire some one!\" she joked causing the other tow tonlaugh. \"I have friends in high places!\" she continued. Chanel laughed looking over to thenside at Galleria and Derrick. 'I wonder what he's saying to her.nShe thought to herself. \" Galleria there wasn't a day thatnwent by when I didn't think about you.\" Derrick said. She lookedninto his eyes and felt a pull. This was a different Derrick andnGalleria thought maybe just maybe she could trust this one. \" Cheating on you was one of the worstndecisions I ever made.\" He continued. \"I mean I had the perfectngirl and I went and messed it up.\" He said. \"And just knowingnthat I hurt you……..Man I just feel like the worst guy in thenworld.\" He said shaking his head in regret. \" You were the worst guy in the world.\"nGalleria stated still sensitive to the subject. \"You hurt be sonbad.\" She told him. \"I know Galleria and I promise you will nevernknow how sorry I am.\" He said staring at her intently and willingnher to believe him. \" All I'm asking for is a chance.\" Hentold her. \"Let me prove to you that I have changed and I can treatnyou like the princess you are.\" 'Wow. He sure is laying it onnthick.' Galleria mused liking the princess part. Then she thought back to Chanel. She knew there was no waynshe could ever love anyone the way she loved Chanel. Chanel owned hernheart and always would. 'But I can't have Chanel.' Gallerianreminded herself. 'This could be the distraction I've beennneeding.' Galleria realized. Derrick would be the perfect distraction and who knowsnmaybe I'll fall in love with him that way I wouldn't mess thingsnup with Chanel!' Galleria thought. \" I'llnthink about it.\" she told him turning to leave. \" It was nice seeing you.\" She told him. \"You too.\"nHe said. \"Hey can I get a hug?\" he asked opening up is arms. \"Ofncourse.\" Galleria replied embracing him. Gallerianturned to leave with a new state of mind. 'I'm going to have myndistraction!' she thought. 'Maybe things are looking up afternall.' Author'snNotes: That's Chapter 9! Thing should be really juicy now thatnGalleria's gotten her distraction! Get ready for some tosses andnturns and surprises! I'll keep writing if ya'll keep reading!nPlease review![Chapter 10] Chaptern10 Operation:nGet Answers \" So what do you guys think about Derrick?\"nGalleria asked eager to get her friends advice. 'You want thentruth?' Chanel thought to herself. 'The clean version?' shenventured. \" Girl you should totally get with that!\" Aquanexclaimed excited for her lucky friend. \"He's even finer than henwas before!\" she finished. \"Well I think it depends on how younfeel about him.\" Dorinda cut in. \"Do you think he's changed? Isnit even worth a second try?\" she questioned. Galleria thought about her and Derricks conversation.n\"He seems to have changed as far as I can tell, but I guess itncould be an act.\" Galleria admitted. 'Yeah! One that ya'll arenall falling for!'Chanel thought in aggravation. \" What about you Chanel? What do you think?\"nGalleria questioned the suddenly quiet Latina. \"Heck no!\" Chanelnexclaimed earning surprised looks from the other girls. 'Oops!nDidn't mean to say that aloud!' Chanel thought internally kickingnherself. \"I mean I don't think you should date him.\" Chanelnstated more calmly trying to gain back what sanity she had with thenothers. \" Why not?\" Galleria questioned. \"WellnGalleria…..\"Chanel started. \"I'm going to try to put this asnnice as possible,\" she continued delicately. \"I think he's ancomplete jerk.\" she let out. \"I can't stand the guy. I wish anpiano would fall out of the sky and land on top of him.\" Chanelnfinished with a calm and seriousness that was almost funny. Three pairs of eyes looked at her completelynastonished. Aqua was the first to speak up. \"Wow. That was reallynNICE\" she said sarcastically to the other girl. \"Chanel I thinknhe really has changed.\" Galleria attempted trying to convince hernfriend. \"He seems more nice,\" ' Stupid!' \" Considerate,\" ' Homenwrecker!' \" Henreally seems different.\" Galleria concluded. \" Well maybe he is different,\" Chanel started.n\"But I still don't think you're the girl for him.\" Shenstated. \"See Derrick needs a girl who is stuck up on herself,…….whonhas no life,……..who owns a really big mirror.\" She explained.n\"That way they can talk about themselves all day and then stare atnthemselves and criticize each other. It'll be like making love fornthem.\" She concluded earning a chuckle from Dorinda. \" C'mon Chanel.\" Galleria pleaded. \"Inreally want to give him another chance and it would be nice if I hadnyour support.\" Galleria half whined wondering why Chanel'snapproval meant to much to her. \"Well I don't know if I can givenit to you.\" Chanel said causing an automatic overcoming of awkwardnsilence. \" Look,\" Chanel sighed finally interrupting the silence.n\"Let's just drop the subject for now.\" She suggested. \"Alright.nFine by me! Already forgotten!\" the other girls echoed as they allncontinued to walk down the mall. One of the girls though had yet to forget what had justnhappened. Dorinda thought about Chanel's extreme dislike fornDerrick and Galleria's need for the other girl's approval. Thenwheels in her head began to turn. 'Why does she not like him sonmuch? I mean you would swear she was jealous or something………jealous!nIt makes perfect since! Her and Galleria have been best friendsnforever; it's very possible she might feel something more for her.'nDorinda realized. ' And why does Galleria need her approval so badly?'n'Galleria's always been there for Chanel and I've alwaysnthought they're relationship was border line platonic………yeahnthere's definitely the possibility that she'd have feelings fornChanel.' Dorinda mused. A devious smile began to work it's way acrossnher face as she thought of a plan to clarify the gut feeling she wasnhaving about her friends and their feelings for each other. Chanelnwas already seemingly on pins and needles; so Dorinda decided to pullnher plan on Galleria. She looked around for the kind of store. 'Bingo!'nshe thought as she spotted the perfect store two doors stores downnfrom where they were. \"You guys let's go to Vickies!\" Dorindansuddenly exclaimed in excitement. \"My foster mom's birthday isnnext week.\" She quickly covered. \"I want to get her some goodnsmelling lotion……..she has a boyfriend you know!\" she halfnlied. Mrs. Bosco did have a boyfriend, but it was nowhere near hernbirthday. \" Okay\" the others shrugged following behind her.n'Operation: Get Answers is a go!' Dorinda thought to herself asnthey headed for the store. Once inside they all went their separatenways in look of all things Victoria's Secrets had to offer.n'Perfect.' She smiled as she found Galleria and quickly grabbednher asking her to help her pick out the lotion for her foster mom. Galleria was more than happy to help her friend andnwalked her to a rack of nice lotion that smelt like different fruitnand different fruit blends. \"Let's try some of these.\" Gallerianrequested. Dorinda walked up to the shelf and quickly picked one. \"Inwant this one!\" she exclaimed turning around seemingly in a hurrynand heading towards the front of the store. \"Let's see whatnChanel is up to!\" she rushed having seen that the girl was in thenperfect spot for \"Operation: Get Answers\". Galleria frowned with a puzzled look on her facenas Dorinda practically dragged her away. \"But that's tangerine!\"nshe finally exclaimed causing Dorinda to stop in her tracks and looknat her questioning. \"The lotion, it smells like tangerine.\"nGalleria informed her. 'Wait ago Doe! Galleria knows you hatentangerine! And you grab the lotion?! Now she'll never believe mynstory!' Dorinda thought. \" But……..that's okay!\" Dorindanattempted to cover. \"I've tried it before………It's actuallynone of my favorites!\" she said. Galleria looked at her seeminglynunconvinced. \"See?\" Dorinda asked opening the bottle and puttingna little of the lotion on her palms. She rubbed it in. \"Itnsmells………\" Dorinda made a face as the nasty smell driftedninto her nostrils. \"Good\" she said with a faux smile. \" Now C'mon!\" she said re-grabbing Galleria'snhand and heading for Chanel who was looking at some black lingerie.n'Yes! She's still there!' Dorinda praised internally as theynquickly joined the oblivious Chanel at her rack. \" Oh Wow! That's gorgeous!\" Dorinda commentednon the black, lace lingerie Chanel was looking at. \"That would lookngreat on you!\" 'Here comes the line, sink and kill!' \"Don'tnyou think so Galleria?!\" Dorinda rattled off. \"Hmm I don't knownyou guys.\" Chanel said but Galleria nor Dorinda were listening tonher. Dorinda was watching Galleria closely to see the way shenresponded to the question while Galleria was letting her mind wondernto not so good of places. The other girl visibly shifted at the utter of thenquestion. She put her head down and gulped in some air obviouslynbothered by what would've been a simple question between \"friends\".nIt was the worst possible reaction she could've possibly had. \" Yeah\" Galleria finally eeked out turning beetnred. Dorinda smiled triumphantly. Her assumptions were now confirmed.n'Galleria likes Chanel! And boy does she have it bad!' Dorindanthought excitedly. She was not the one to judge anyone and supportednall types of relationships. ' That would be so cute! I wonder if anything'sngoin on.' She mused. \"Okay. I'll go try it on.\" Chanel saidngoing into a dressing room that was off to their left. 'Oh if onlynI could be in that dressing room!' Galleria thought letting hernmind wander to the way the stuff would look on the other girl. Shenquickly blushed another shade of red at her naughty thoughts. 'Whatnam I gonna do?!' she thought going and sitting down on a nearbynbench. ' If these two aren't together yet, they will benby the time I'm threw with them!' Dorinda declared to herself.nJoaquin had taught her many things and one of them was that if twonpeople loved each other, no matter what the circumstances, theynshould be together. 'Dorinda's matchmaking service is officiallynopen!' the blonde thought as she began making plans on what she wasngoing to do.[Chapter 11] Chaptern11 Sacrifices \" Bye Guys!\" Galleria and Chanel said in unisonnafter Dorinda and Aqua who had just dropped them back home. Galleria reached into her pocket for the keys, unlockednthe door, and entered the apartment. \"I guess mom and dad are stillnout.\" She observed. \"Guess so.\" said Chanel who had beennstrangely quiet the whole way there. The two went into the kitchen. Chanel sat on one of thenstools at the countertop while Galleria retrieved two bottled watersnfrom the refrigerator. \" Um Water?\" Chanel questioned. \"What are we tryingnto be healthy?\" she joked innocently. \"Yeah!\" Galleria laughednsitting on the stool next to Chanel and handing her a bottle ofnwater. \" So what's up?\" Galleria asked softly taking andrink out of her bottle. \"Huh?\" Chanel asked her friend.n\"Something's bothering you.\" Galleria clarified. \"No.nNothing's bothering me.\" Chanel told her looking down at hernsuddenly interesting fingers. \" Yes. Something is.\" Galleria said matter-of-factnlike. \"Look at me.\" She told the other girl. Chanel did as shenwas told, slowly coming eye to eye with the hazel eyed beauty. \" You're my best friend Chanel, and I know whennsomething is bothering you,\" Galleria said. \"So why don't younjust go ahead and tell me what it is because you know I won't leavenyou alone until you do.\" Galleria pressed. Chanel looked back at her friend who was waitingnexpectantly for her answer. 'Dang! Why she gotta know me so good?!'nChanel thought. \"Well……..\" she finally started. \"I don'tnthink you should date Derrick again!\" she admitted. \" Why?\" Galleria asked softly taken aback. 'BecausenI love you stupid!' \"I already told you Bubbles; the guy's anjerk!\" Chanel said. \"Annnnnnd?\" Galleria drawled out wanting anbetter explanation. \"Well…….\" Chanel started again trying toncome up with an excuse. \"He's in college and it's your seniornyear in high school and……..don't you want to date someone atnthe school?\" Chanel suggested. \" C'mon Chanel.\" Galleria deadpanned. \"You and Inboth know that's not the reason. C'mon girl you can tell me.\"nGalleria pushed. Chanel sighed. \"I just don't want you to getnhurt again.\" Chanel said looking intently at Galleria. \" I just can't forget how much pain you were in and hownbad he hurt you. I don't ever want to see you like that again.\"nChanel said softly. Galleria looked back at the gorgeous curly hairedngirl whom always managed to say the kindest things to her and whomnalways had her best interest in mind. \" I know you can't forget it Chu Chi and I love younso much for it……but everyone deserves a second chance,\"nGalleria painfully explained wondering why she was even doing thisnanymore when she knew in her heart that she'd never be happy withnanyone but Chanel. \"You showed me that freshman year when you gavenme a second chance when I was being a jerk; now it's my turn tongive someone a second chance.\" She said. \" Why? Why do you want to go with him so badly?\"nChanel asked softly. There was a lump in her throat and she couldnpractically hear the approaching tears. 'Because I love you so muchnthat I can barely help myself! And I don't want to loose you; Incan't loose you!' Galleria thought intensely. \" We use to have something special Chu Chi………..maybenwe can get that back.\" Galleria said. Chanel sighed. She had to getnout of there. She was tired of talking about Derrick and didn'tnwant to argue with Galleria and knew the inevitable tears would shownup any second. \" I don't really want you to date that scumbag,\"nChanel started mustering up all the her will power to keep the tearsnin check. \"But if it's what you really want…….I'll try tonbe supportive.\" She said. \" Thanks!\" Galleria exclaimed getting up and wrappingnher arms around the other girl in a big hug. Chanel held her back.n\"No prob.\" she eeked out. The though of Galleria with someonenelse not only making her jealous but extremely sad also. She felt ansingle tear escape her eye roll down her cheek. She wiped it away andnquickly broke away from the embrace. \" Galleria I think I'm gonna go.\" She saidnsoftly looking down and shielding her face from Galleria who wouldnnotice the fresh tear stain. \"Mom and Luc are gonna be going out sonI need to be there to watch Pucci.\" Chanel fibbed getting up fromnher seat; knowing that Pucci was at his friends house for the night. \" Aww! Do you have to?!\" Galleria half whined. 'Inreally do! Unless you want to see Niagara Falls come out of my eyes!'n\"Yeah I don't want to hold them up.\" Chanel explained headingnfor the door. Galleria followed, \"So I guess I'll talk to younlater!\" Chanel said quickly walking out of the door; avoiding thenhug that would've usually taken place with their farewells. \" Well bye.\" Galleria said softly in surprisenafter Chanel's abrupt exit. She picked up her phone that was on hernbelt loop clip. \"Well guess I better call Derrick and tell him then'Good News'\" she said gloomily; suddenly the doorbell rang.n'That must be Chu Chi coming back to apologize for leaving sonquickly!' Galleria thought quickly answering the door. She was surprised when she came face to face with hernblonde buddy. \"Doe?\" Galleria questioned wondering if she'dnforgotten some kind of hang out they were having.\" \"What's up.\"nthe other girl replied. \" Nothing\" Galleria said. \"Come on in.\" she saidnmotioning Dorinda inside the house. \"No that's alright.\"nDorinda told her. \"I just came by to give you some advice.\" Sheninformed. \"Okaaaay.\" Galleria drawled out wondering what Dorindancould possibly want to give her advice on. \" I know you like Chanel.\" Dorinda said all of ansudden deciding to get to the point. Galleria nearly choked on hernspit. \"Wha?! What?!\" she stuttered in complete astonishment. \"Inknow you like her.\" Dorinda repeated. \" No I don't!\" Galleria exclaimed. 'I can'tnbelieve this is happening!' Dorinda looked at her unphased and nwith an unconvinced; unbelieving expression. \"Dang! Is it thatnobvious?!\" Galleria exclaimed in defeat. \"Kinda.\" Dorindanadmitted. \"Especially with today and the way you two were lookingnat each other.\" \" Man I can't believe it's so obvious! Wait! Whatndo you mean the way you TWO were looking at each other?\" Gallerianrattled off. \"I mean that I see you two with the puppy dog eyes andnwhat not.\" Dorinda explained. \"Well that can't be true becausenit's a one-sided thing.\" Galleria explained sadly. \"I likenChanel…a lot….No I love her, but that's it I love her; shendoesn't feel the same about me. Galleria said. \" Oh\" Dorinda said the sudden information putting andamper on her plans. \"And she told you this?\" Dorinda asked.n\"Well……not exactly.\" Galleria admitted. \"But I know shendoesn't; she couldn't…..she's straight.\" Galleria told her.n\"I wouldn't be so sure about that Galleria.\" Dorinda replied. \" Well I am Doe and I'm not going to ruin ournfriendship!\" Galleria exclaimed all of her longing and frustrationncoming to surface. \"Now I'm sorry you had to find out about this.nAnd I'm sorry if it grossed you out but it's over.\" Galleriansaid softly. \"It doesn't gross me out Galleria. How could youneven say that?\" Dorinda started hurt by the sudden accusation.n\"We're best friends; you should know me better than that!\" Galleria put her head down in shame. She hadn't meant tonhurt her friend. \"Sorry Doe.\" She said. \"Does Aqua know?\" shenwondered aloud. \"I don't think so. She's too busy looking atnDerrick to notice anything else.\" Dorinda explained. \"Good.\"nGalleria sighed. \" Now Doe I don't know what you think you saw but Chanelndoesn't think of me that way, and I'm okay with it.\" Gallerianforced. \"When two people love each other they should be together.\"nDorinda told her. \"Not in this case.\" Galleria sighed. \"Inappreciate you coming by but things will be a lot better if I just gonout with Derrick.\" Galleria said the very words and revelationntearing her apart inside. \"Alright Galleria.\" Dorinda sighed inndefeat. \"I hope you know what you're giving up.\" She saidnturning to leave. \" Oh wait Doe!\" Galleria exclaimed. \"Yeah?\"nDorinda questioned turning around. \"Can we keep this between thentwo of us?\" Galleria asked. \"Of course\" Dorinda replied turningnand walking away. Galleria slowly closed the door leaning up againstnit emotionally spent. 'Of course I know what I'm giving up!'nshe thought. 'I'm giving up the the most beautiful girl in thenworld! The person who completes me! I'm giving up happiness' shenthought tears beginning the fall out of her eyes. She slowly reached for her cell phone again. \"Betterncall him before I loose all the will to do this.\" She whispered tonherself as she began dialing the number that would change everythingnfor her. Author'snnotes: Okay this is Chapter 11. Sorry it took so long for me to writenit! I hope ya'll enjoyed it! Chapter 12 will be up soon hopefully.nI've already written chapter 13 and think you will enjoy it butnyeah thanks for reading and please review![Chapter 12] Chaptern12 Caughtnup The next day Galleria searched through her closet fornan outfit. This was going to be her \"first date\" with Derrick. She picked out a red, short sleeved Baby Phat shirt.n'No not red. Red is Chu Chi's favorite color.' She thought asnshe re-hung it. 'Well I don't want to wear a dress. He's notnworthy of that. I'll wear pants.' She decided opening herndrawers. She picked through some shirts, and finally picked upnan orange one. 'Too low cut.' She thought. 'I'm not trying tonshow him anything!' she mused putting the shirt back. She picked up a white shirt. It was inside out butnGalleria loved the way it was made. It was very pretty. She fixed thenshirt the right way so she could see which one it was and smilednthoughtfully when she read the glittery logo across the shirt, \"BestnFriends Forever\". It was the shirt Chanel had bought her for hernbirthday freshman year after her big power trip. She wanted to call Chanel and let her know that she'dndecided to go out with Derrick. Chanel was the only Cheetah shenhadn't told yet. She just couldn't bring herself to tell hernabout it. She put the shirt back and then picked up a silky,nyellow dress shirt. The sleeves were elbow length and the shirtndidn't show too much bust. She put the yellow shirt on her bed andnthen picked out some white dress pants to war along with it. She didn't know where Derrick was taking her.nHe'd only told her to dress formal but not too formal. A lot ofngood that did! She quickly ironed the outfit and put on thenaccessories she'd picked out. No matter where she was goingnGalleria Garibaldi always had to look good, and she did. She put a matching yellow flower into hernloosely flowing hair just as the doorbell sounded. 'Well herengoes…..everything' she thought as she answered the door. \" Wow!\" she was greeted by the surprised,nimpressed words of Derrick. \"You look amazing.\" He commented.n\"You don't clean up so badly yourself.\" Galleria commentednattempting to look disinterested. Derrick was wearing a pink dress shirt withnblack dress pants. He was sporting his white forces and his diamondnstud was in place. To top it all of on his head he wore a white NewnYork Yankees cap on his head. He looked plain out HOT in his Usherninspired get up. \" Thanks! They taught me a few things about dressingndown south.\" Derrick joked smiling at her. Galleria looked at himnthoughtfully. This was the first time Derrick had smiled a truengenuine smile after receiving a compliment; usually he would haventhis cocky grin on his face. \" What? Do I have something in my teeth?!\" Derricknpanicked wondering why Galleria was staring him down. He startednpicking at his teeth. \"No!\" Galleria laughed. He immediatelynstraightened up embarrassed that he'd made such a big deal out ofnit. \"Oh\" he said. \" It's just…….usually your so cocky when you getncompliments.\" Galleria admitted. \"Ohh…..\"Derrick replied.n\"Well I told you Galleria; I've changed.\" He said offering hisnhand to her. She hesitated and then finally took it. \"And I reallynhave Ria.\" He said using the nickname only he used for Galleria. He led her out to his car which was a nice, big; black H2nHummer. \"Wow!\" Galleria commented. \"I love your car! I can'tnbelieve you have a hummer!\" she exclaimed. \"Well if you like ourndate, and I'm hoping you will, then you'll be riding in it quitenoften.\" He said then he surprised her by rushing around to thenpassenger side of the car and opening the door for her. \" My Lady\" he said ushering her into the car.n'Wow. He really has changed.' Galleria thought as she buckednherself in. Safety first! \"So where are we going?\" Galleria askednabout 5 minutes into the ride. \"Well……I was thinking yournfavorite restaurant.\" He told her smiling proud of himself. \" Ruby Tuesdays!\" Galleria exclaimed happily. There was ansecond of silence. \"Okay……So your second favorite restaurant.\"nDerrick said slightly let down by his slip up. \"Olive Garden!\"nGalleria exclaimed just as happy as before. \"Yeah\" Derricknanswered. \"I thought it was your favorite. I just wanted everythingnto be perfect.\" He sighed. ' Wow he really put a lot of thought into this.'nGalleria thought realizing her word for the day had been \"Wow\". n\"It is perfect.\" She told him. \"Or about as perfect as anythingncan get.\" She assured him. \"Just knowing how much thought you putninto this makes it perfect.\" She told him. \"Thanks\" Derricknreplied as he pulled into the Olive Garden parking lot. He parked the car, went over to Galleria's side ofnthe car, and opened the door again for her. He escorted her into thenrestaurant. \"Reservation under Richardson\" Derrick told thenwaiter once they were inside. \"Ah! Mr. Richardson!\" the cheerfulnmiddle aged guy said. \"Follow me\" he said as he led them to antable in the middle of the room. \" Here you are Mr. Richardson, Lovely lady.\" Hensaid handing them their menus once they were seated. \"I'll benright back for your orders.\" He informed walking away. \" This is nice.' Galleria commented. \"But whynthe middle of the room?\" she questioned. \"Well……\" Derricknstarted using his normal sentence beginner. \"I figured you'd benthe center of attention anyways, I meant look at you, so I thoughtnI'd make it easier for people to stare.\" He joked. \"Ha Ha.\"nGalleria flirted. \"Aren't we the funny one.\" She said smilingnsurprised that she was having such a good time. \" I try.\" He chuckled. \"You smell really good.\" Shencommented suddenly noticing Derrick's intoxicating scent. \"Really?\"nhe questioned as they looked at their menus. \"I forgot to put myncologne on.\" He informed her. \"Wha? Really?\" she askednwondering where the smell was coming from. Then an alarm went off in her head as she realizednthat she knew this smell. It was, It was……..Chanel. Gallerianlooked up from her menu frantically searching the restaurant. \"What'snwrong?\" Derrick questioned. \"Oh nothing!\" Galleria assurednstill looking around. \"Just thought I saw a fly and I wanted tonkill it.\" she told him. \"Okaaay.\" He said looking at hernstrangely before turning his attention back to his menu. Finally her eyes landed on not only Chanel but hernother two best friends also. They were sitting at the table directlynacross from her all looking at her. The looks on their faces were allndifferent. Aqua had this 'You go girl!' look on her face as shenmoved her eyebrows up and down suggestively at Galleria. Dorinda onnthe other hand had this sad smile like she was trying to be happy fornGalleria, but knew the other girl was making a mistake. But Chanel'snlook is what made Galleria's heart sink down into her chest. Chanelnhad a mixture of shock and hurt on her face as Aqua led them over tonGalleria to say hi. \" Hey you guys!\" Aqua said excitedly. \"You twonlook cozy.\" Dorinda commented. \"Hey you guys.\" Derrick said.n\"Yeah we're having a good time.\" he told Dorinda happily. \"Atnleast I think we are. Ria?\" he questioned playfully. \"Yeah wenare.\" Galleria mumble avoiding Chanel's hurt gaze. ' This is not happening!' Galleria told herself notnbelieving the situation she was in. She did not want Chanel to findnout like this. \"You know I'm not so hungry anymore.\" Chanelntold Aqua and Dorinda. \" I think I'm gonna go.\" She saidnturning and making a beeline for the door. \" Chanel wait!\" Galleria exclaimed running afternher. The other two cheetahs and Derrick were left wondering what wasngoing on. Chanel ignored Galleria and kept on now jogging towards thendoor. \"Chanel stop!\" Galleria exclaimed gaining up on her. Chanelncouldn't stop. She felt so hurt and stupid for not knowing thatnGalleria was dating Derrick. \" God will you wait a freaking minute!\" Galleria saidngrabbing Chanel's arm as she reached the entrance to thenrestaurant. \"Why?!\" Chanel asked her. \"So I can explain myself!nSo I can explain why I didn't tell you.\" She replied. \"Whynbother?\" Chanel questioned shaking her head in disbelief at thenwhole situation. \" Because…….\"Galleria started. \"I messed up.\"nShe sighed. \"No crap!\" Chanel scoffed. \"I know you don't likenDerrick.\" Galleria continued ignoring Chanel's comment. \"Indidn't know how you'd react if you knew I was going out withnhim.\" Galleria admitted. \" Geez Bubbles I'm not your freaking girlfriend!\"nChanel exclaimed in frustration. 'Ouch. That hurt.' Gallerianthought. \"I know.\" She said softly. \"Then you should've knownnthat you could've told me!\" she said. Galleria looked down innshame and guilt; feeling bad for hurting Chanel. \"It's a heck ofna lot better than being kept in the dark.\" Chanel said softly. \" I'm sorry. I really am!\" Galleria said lookingninto Chanel's eyes and willing her to believe her words. \"Younknow I would never hurt you purposely\" Galleria pleaded. \"Injust…….\" Chanel started. \"I want to go home.\" She sighedntired of the whole situation. \"We'll talk later.\" She saidnturning and walking away. Galleria stood there flabbergasted and feeling likencrap. 'Gosh I've really made a mess of things!' she thought asnshe dragged herself back into the restaurant, Author'snNotes: Okay ya'll that's chapter 12! Chapter 13 will be upnThursday unless something happens! I hope you enjoyed it as much as Indid! I had to give Derrick a last name because he wasn't given onenin the movie and I also just found out that his name is spelled DEREKnso I apologize for that! Anyways chapter 13 is a really good one sonmake sure you read it and please review![Chapter 13] Chaptern11 Surprise Galleria lay in her bed staring up at the ceiling.nShe and Derrick had been dating for two weeks now and Galleria hadnrarely seen any of her girls let alone Chanel. She'd been dating Derrick using him as thendistraction he was meant to be, but to her surprise Derrick wasn'tnso bad to be around. Galleria enjoyed the insightful conversations they nownhad. She was starting to really liked Derrick, but more than that shenmissed Chanel. Galleria missed the long conversations, the jokes, andneven the smell of the other girl. She missed the sarcastic looks shenwould receive from her and she missed her laugh. 'When Chanelnlaughs the whole world wants to laugh.' Galleria thought with a sadnsmile. She knew this was all for the best though; plus Chanel stillnwasn't talking to her. Galleria had called her numerous times after the restaurantnincident but Chanel wasn't answering her calls and sometime duringnthat last past week Galleria had given up on calling. She also missed the other cheetahs. She missednthe company of her girls. She missed singing with them and jokingnaround with them. She knew she had been neglecting the group, but wasnafraid to be around them and afraid they'd found out about hernfeelings for Chanel. Galleria's phone began to ring. She picked it upnknowing more than likely it was Derrick. She looked down at thencalled ID and a huge smile worked it's way across her face. It wasnChanel. Galleria felt bad for hurting her best friend. Her heart didna back flip insider her chest when she'd realized after all thencalls she made to Chanel she didn't' know what to say to thengirl. ' C'mon Galleria just let the voicemail get her,'nGalleria painfully coaxed herself. Then she thought of Chanel sittingnon her bed innocently calling to talk to her \"best friend\" andnhow she was pushing her aside like yesterday's trash. Gallerianstared at the phone, took a deep breath and opened it. \" Hey Chu Chi!\" she said with not so fauxnexcitement. \"Hey Stranger!\" Chanel replied in the same tone ofnvoice. 'Ouch! Stranger? Well I guess I deserved that.' \" I'm sorry I didn't tell you I was datingnDerrick.\" Galleria blurted eager to get the guilt off of her chest.nShe waited patiently for the other girl's reply and was surprisednwhen Chanel said, \"That's alright. I forgive you; I just needednsome time to think.\" Galleria smiled into the phone happy that she hadnbeen forgiven. \"Oh. Thanks for forgiving me.\" She said. \"Ofncourse I was gonna forgive you!\" Chanel laughed. \"You're mynbest friend!\" she said. There was another brief moment of silence. \"I'mnsorry we haven't hung out in while.\" Galleria offered. \"Yeah Infeel like I we haven't talked in forever!\" Chanel exclaimed.nThere was a second of silence on the other end of the phone. \"Inreally have missed you Chanel.\" Galleria said softly into thenphone. \"And I've missed you too Bubbles.\" Chanel replied. Therenwas another moment of silence as the two thought, each wondering whatnthe other was thinking. \" The girls were talking about calling a practicenbefore our studio date.\" Chanel suddenly spoke interrupting thensilence. \"Really! That's a great idea!\" Galleria exclaimednexcited at the opportunity to hang out with her girls. \" Yeah!\" Chanel confirmed. \"How about tomorrownmorning?\" she asked. Galleria sighed. \"That's not good. Have anbreakfast date with Derrick.\" She replied. \" Oh\" Chanel said. 'Why did she sound so upset?nMaybe she really does miss me. Galleria thought as yet anothernsilence took over. \"But I'm free tomorrow evening if that'sngood for ya'll!\" Galleria blurted in efforts to cheer up thenseemingly disappointed Chanel. \" Tomorrow evening?...Yeah that works!\" Chanelnexclaimed happily. \"Yay!\" Galleria sang into the phone. \"And wencan have it at your place, and I can come over early so we can hangnout! Galleria suggested. 'Hey I'm pretty good at this cheering upnstuff!!' she thought to herself. \"Yeah! That sounds great!\"nChanel said. Galleria smiled hearing the happiness in Chanel'snvoice. \" Ohay! So at six?\" Galleria asked. \"Yeah!\"nChanel replied smiling. \"Well I'll see you then! Love you girl!\"nGalleria said into the phone. \"Love you too! Bye!\" Chanel said asnthey both hung up with huge smiles on their faces. Galleria sighednhappily looking forward to the next day as she turned on her side fornsome much needed rest. The next afternoon Galleria closed her front doornleaning on it wistfully; thinking about the breakfast she'd justnhad with Derrick. The boy really had changed and Galleria was reallynstarting to develop some strong feelings for him. On one hand shenfelt happy and relieved that she was finally possibly getting overnChanel, but on the other hand she felt bad; like she was giving upnwhat little hope she and Chanel might have had. She was cheating. She sighed willing the doubtful thoughts out ofnher head. She had a rehearsal to get ready for! She thought excitedlynas she picked out an outfit out of her closet. She was finally going to hang out with her girls! Itnhad been too long! And this would be the first time in a while shenwould hang out with Chanel without any awkward feelings holding hernback. She was bouncing like a toddler inside as joy and anticipationnoverwhelmed her. She put on a simple white jump suit she had pickednout that hit her in all the right places but was none the lessncasual, and threw on some matching white J's and silver hoopnearrings. \" Ready or not Cheetahs here I come!\"nGalleria said as she headed towards the front door for the short walknto Chanel's house. Chanel rapped softly on her best friend'snfront door. It was answered shortly by Chanel. \"Miss Me?!\"nGalleria exclaimed happily as soon as the door was opened. Chanelnshrugged her shoulders uninterested. \"Not really.\" She repliednwith about as much emotion as a stick. Galleria's face smile fell down into anpout. \"Just kidding girl!\" Chanel exclaimed laughing at the otherngirl's reaction. Come here!\" she said pulling Galleria into anhug. ' I missed this.' Galleria thought asnshe held Chanel. 'Not feeling awkward around her. I love this.'nShe mused as she absentmindedly tightened her grip around the otherngirl. They broke apart and went and sat on the couch.n\"So what have you been up to Missy? Besides dating the hot collegenguy and all?\" Chanel asked mustering up all the niceness she had tonkeep things form being awkward. Showing her unavoidable jealousynwould have definitely put a damper on that. \" Wow. No rude comments? You really havenforgiven me!\" Galleria said astonished. \"Yeah!\" Chanel laughed.nIt was good to hear. \"So what HAVE you been up to?\" Chanelnrepeated. \" Well……\" Galleria started. \"Nothing muchnbesides hanging with Derrick. He's been keeping me pretty busy.\"nGalleria explained. \"Oh\" Chanel said trying not to sound asndisappointed as she felt. 'Well I know if Galleria was mine I'dnkeep her busy too.' Chanel told herself trying to calm thenheartache she was suddenly feeling. \" But I missed my girls.\" Galleria added trying tonlighten the mood. \"And we missed you.\" Chanel chided. \"I knownyou did!\" Galleria started feeling a joke coming on. \"I don'tnknow what ya'll would do without me!\" she exclaimed in fauxncockiness. \"Ya'll probably sat around bored to death like,n'Galleria's not here; there's no reason to live!'\" she saidndramatically. \" Whatever!\" Chanel laughed as she playfully hitnGalleria on the arm. Then an idea struck her. \"You know you reallynshouldn't tease me Galleria.\" Chanel started with a devious looknin her eyes. \"Oh yeah?! Why not?\" Galleria challenged. \"Because,noh best friend of mine, you forget that I'm one of the few peoplenwho knows your ticklish!\" And with that Chanel started a ticklenattack on Galleria's stomach and ribs. Galleria laughed uncontrollably squirming to getnaway form her. \"Now say you're sorry.\" Chanel ordered sweetlynas she continued her tickling ministrations. 'I kinda like this.nMaybe I shouldn't say anything' Galleria mused. 'Crap!' shenthought when she realized her sudden change of thoughts. 'Here wengo again! Will I ever get over her?! Galleria thought as she let outna breathless Sorry. Chanel stopped her assault on the other girlsnstomach. \"That'll teach you to tease Chanel Simmons!\" shendeclared. \"Actually…..\" Galleria started. \"It only remindednme of something.\" Galleria replied coolly. \"And what's that?\"nChanel wondered alound. \"That you, little Miss teach a lessonnhappen to have a tickle spot of your own!\" Galleria declared as shenraised her hand to begin her own tickle attack. Just then her cell phone began to ring. Shenglanced down at the caller ID. \"One second. I'll get back tonyou.\" Galleria told the other girl as she picked up the phone.nChanel sighed in relief that she wouldn't have to undergo the sweetntorture of being ticked by Galleria because she really was verynticklish. \" Derrick?\" Galleria said into the phone. Chanelnfrowned and sighed in disappointment at the person who was calling.n\"What?!...You didn't!...Oh my gosh!\" Gallerianexclaimed. Chanel wondered what he could possibly be saying to thenother girl to make her so happy. \"You're so sweet!\" Galleriansaid. 'Sweet?' Chanel thought feeling the sudden need to gag. 'Incan think of some things he might be but sweet is definitely notnone!' she thought. \" Well I was suppose to hang out with my girls.\"nGalleria said into the phone. 'Suppose? I don't like the way thisnis going.\" Chanel thought as she listened to Galleri's end of thenconverstion. \"Well I guess so. I'll see you later.\" Gallerianconcluded hanging up the phone. 'Tell me later means tomorrow ornnever please!' Chanel thought to herself. \" What did he want?\" Chanel asked as Gallerianclosed her phone. \"Well………\" Galleria started cautiouslynimitating Samantha's trademark line in \"Bewitched\". 'Not whatnI wanted to hear.' Chanel thought already feeling her blood beginnto boil in frustration. This was supposed to be her time to spend withnGalleria and he was ruining everything yet another time! And what wasnworse, Galleria wasn't doing anything to stop him. \" Derrick surprised me with tickets to the Fergienconcert tonight!\" Galleria exclaimed hoping her excitement might bencontagious and cause the other girl to also be excited. It didn't.nChanel stared at her stone faced. \" You're leaving?\" She said not really askingna question. \"Yeah\" Galleria sighed. \"This is her last nightnbeing here Chanel! And he bought the tickets and all and it wouldnjust be wrong -\" \" Just Go!\" Chanel suddenly exclaimedninterrupting her. She stood abruptly and motioning towards the door.n\"Don't be like that Chanel! I wanted to be here!\" Gallerianattempted standing and moving closer to Chanel. \"No! Stay away fromnme!\" Chanel yelled. All the frustration, pain, and angst of thenlast weeks coming to surface. \" If you wanted to be here so much you could'venjust stopped by. or at least called!\" she exclaimed. \"Don't younthink I wanted to!\" Galleria yelled back starting to get a littlenfrustrated herself. \"No one was stopping you!\" Chanel screamed.n\"You've been avoiding me!\" she painfully exclaimed. \"Admitnit! You've been going out with Derrick and all this stuff to -\" Chanel was interrupted when Galleria fiercelyncrushed her lips up against Chanel's in a steamy kiss. For the 1 st time ever Chanel was stopped mid-rant. She was quickly overwhelmed bynthe feel of Galleria's soft full lips against hers. After about five seconds Galleria moved backnonly to have Chanel quickly re-close the distance between them bynrepressing her lips to Galleria's in a second kiss. Fireworks wentnoff in both of their heads at the sensation they felt every timentheir lips touched. It was overwhelming. All the longing,nfrustration, and lust they had felt over the past month was pouredninto the heartfelt kiss. After about 3 seconds Galleria pulled awaynagain. She couldn't believe she had let her emotions get the bestnof her but more than that she couldn't believe how on edge she wasnand how hot Chanel was making her. She knew neither Derrick nor anynother person for that matter could ever make her feel that way. Galleria looked at the other girl breathingnheavily and chest heaving and gulped. She looked at the exposednsmooth caramel skin and longed to taste it. The feelings she wasnhaving were overwhelming to say the least. \" I've….I've….I've….gotta be….bensomewhere.\" Galleria stuttered horribly being intoxicated by thensight of Chanel's lips. \" Somewhere…not here!\" she finallynsaid as she grabbed her purse and ran out of the door. Chanel stoodndazed by what had just happened. She softly touched her lips remembering thatnGalleria's won lips had just been pressed up to hers. A smile behannto work its way up on her face as she remembered how good it hadnfelt. She remembered the sensations, the electricity it elicited andnthe softness of Galleria's full lips. ' She does love me!' she thought as she sat downnwistfully on the couch. ' Afterntonight you're not getting my girl!' Chanel thought aiming thenthought at Derrick with new fire, determination, and anticipation fornthe next day. \"This is war!\" Chanel declared as she hopped off ofnthe sofa in search of a sexy show stopping outfit. Author'snnote\" Okay ya'll that's chapter 13! Chanel is finally gettingnsome guts! It's war now just like Chanel said! Get ready people!nIt's on and poppin' in Chapter 14![Chapter 14] Chaptern14 Risingnto the Challenge Chanel stood in her room in front of her closetnfrozen in place once again with a dazed look on her face. She wasntouching her lips in awe as she replayed her and Galleria's kissnover and over in her head. She couldn't seem to get enough of thenfateful moment. She was so entranced that she didn't evennnotice her brother Pucci enter the room. \"Hey Chanel?\" henquestioned noticing his sisters dazed expression. There was nonanswer. \"Chanel?\" he repeated. Still no answer. \"Earth tonChanel!\" he said raising his voice and waving his hands wildly innfront of her face. \" Oh! Oh!\" Chanel uttered coming out of hernhappy and naughty thoughts she was having about her and Galleria.n\"I'm sorry P! I didn't see you there!\" she hurriedly told hernbrother smiling sheepishly. He looked at her like she had gone completelyncrazy. \"Geez what's wrong with you sis?!\" he asked wonderingnwhat I the world had made his sister so entranced and oblivious tonher surroundings. \" You were just standing there with thisngoofy look on you face -\" \"It was not goofy!\" Chanelninterrupted her brother's explanation to her craziness. Pucci gavenher a look that said 'Yeah right' and continued, \"You had thisnGOOFY look on your face,\" he repeated with enfaces on goofy. Chanelnrolled her eyes as he continued. \"And you were touching your lipsnlike someone had just -\"Suddenly the light bulb went off in Pucci'snhead. \" Like you had just kissed someone.\" He finished asna huge grin began to make its way across his face. \"You andnGalleria kissed didn't you!\" he exclaimed practically bouncing upnand down where he stood. He was happy that his \"impossible\"nsister had finally made some progress. Chanel debated on whether to deny it or not butndecided that her brother was not stupid and would see right throughnany lie she managed no matter what. \"Yeah\" she repliednmonosyllabic; then thought better of it and elaborated more on thenblissful kiss. \" It was amazing Pucci!\" she told her brotherngrinning uncontrollably. \"It was better than I'd ever imagined,nand I imagined some pretty good stuff.\" She told him a dreamy looknon her face. Pucci looked at his sister's happy expressionnand smiled softly. \"That's great Chanel.\" He said. Her brothernwas very mature and may have even been turned on by the details ofnthe kiss had it not been his sister kissing. He was genuinely happynthat his sister might actually get Galleria. It was a nice moment. The nice moment only lasted a second though becausenafter it he quickly exclaimed, \"I knew she liked you!\" Pucci wasnin his celebration mode. He was right and Chanel was wrong! It was anrare moment and he was going to enjoy it. \"But you wouldn't letnme tell you!\" he continued. Chanel rolled her eyes at him, but wasnsmiling nonetheless. \" You were all like, 'You don't know whatnyou're talking about! Stay out of my business!'\" Pucci rantednover imitating his sister. \"Okay!\" Chanel exclaimed in defeat.n\"You were right.\" She admitted. \"I'm sorry I snapped on you.\"nShe offered. \" Apology accepted.\" Pucci declaredntriumphantly. \"Want to know how you can make it up to me?\" henpressed flashing on of his award-winning, dimple-infested smiles thatnusually got him whatever he wanted with his mom. \" How?\" Chanel questioned with anneyebrow quirked up in suspicion. \"Well….The cheetah girls arenhaving their recording date tomorrow right…..\" he started.n\"Yeeeaahhh\" Chanel drawled out. \"Well you know my baby'sngonna be there and I figured we could hang out or something.\" Hensaid with a smile. The baby he was referring to was no othernthan Aqua whom was according to him his girlfriend. He'd had ancrush on him ever since she'd complimented him on his dimples. Itnwas too long ago to remember but Pucci had blushed and asked her tonbe his girlfriend. Aqua just calls it a cute crush and says shendidn't want to shatter his hopes and dreams. So now she's hisn\"girlfriend\". There were two sides to Aqua. On the outside therenwas the sassy Aqua full of attitude, but on the inside there was thennice, sensitive, and compassionate Aqua. Both were nice to know. \" Fine\" Chanel said accepting her brother'snoffer. \"Just make sure you're ready on time.\" she warned. \"OhnI'll be ready!\" he exclaimed excitedly retreating to his room. \" Alright\" Chanel said softly after he left.n\"And I'll be ready to. I just hope Galleria can handle this!\"nshe declared. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO G Galleria ran into her house completelynpanicked making a beeline for her room. \"Hey! Hey! Hey!\" hernmother called after her stopping her before she reached the safensanctuary she had been headed for. \" Where's the fire?\" Dorthea jokednworriedly. \"Um…..\" Galleria started. \"No fire\" she breathednattempting to catch her breath in her suddenly dry throat.n\"Um…..gotta pee!\" she exclaimed running towards her room. She closed her door abruptly and leaned up againstnit completely out of breath. She closed her eyes slowly thinking ofnthe huge event that had just taken place. She absentmindedly lickednher lips lusting for and remembering the overwhelming feeling ofnhaving Chanel's lips pressed up to hers. The moment their lips had met time seemed to freezenand the only thing in the whole entire world was them. All of herntroubles and worries seemed to disappear; not to mention she hadncompletely forgotten about Derrick. Derrick who! It had knockednGalleria completely off of her feet. She racked her brain to remembernthe exact way Chanel's lips had felt and her intoxicating smell.nChanel smelled like Chanel, No. 5 that is, which was alreadynGalleria's favorite scent to begin with. ' I could definitely get used to being around thatnscent 24/7' she mused. Then her infamous doubtful thoughts began tonresurface. 'But what if I've scared her off?! I can't believe Inkissed her!' she panicked. 'Then again she did kiss me back!'nshe tried to think positively. 'But that could've been a spur ofnthe moment!' she thought nervously. \" Wait! Hold on Galleria!\" she suddenly toldnherself realizing if she continued she might have a panic attacknwhich she had never had before. \"Calm down.\" She soothed. \"Rightnnow all you need to focus on is a nice, cold shower. I'll thinknabout this in the morning!\" she decided ready for the relaxationnand cool down she so desperately needed. The next afternoon Galleria was picked up by Derricknwhom was taking her to the recording session. \"So how has your daynbeen so far baby?\" he asked her as they drove down the highway.n'Nerve-racking!' Galleria thought. She'd spent most of the dayntrying to figure out what to do about Chanel. She knew she couldn'tntell her the truth about how she felt about her. She didn't knownhow she knew but she just knew that nothing good would come from it. Deep down in side .unbeknownst to herself,nGalleria was scared. She was scared that she would mess things upnbetween them if they ever did get together and feared she wasn'tngood enough for the other girl. \" It's been alright.\" She told him.n\"Doesn't sound like it.\" Derrick pressed having noticed thenless than ecstatic tone of his girlfriend's voice. \"Want to talknabout it?\" he asked. She smiled a sad smile. He really was a greatnguy and a great boyfriend and she was beginning to hate using himnlike she was. \" No. But thanks anyways.\" She said puttingnher left hand on top of his free hand that wasn't on the wheel. \"Nonprob.\" He said squeezing her hand comfortingly. At that momentnGalleria had an epiphany. 'I can use Derrick to help me deal withnthe Chanel kissing situation!' she thought excitedly wondering whynshe hadn't thought of this before. She didn't know what exactly she wasngoing to do, but she knew she could use Derrick to make Chanel thinknthat she was in love with him and therefore not available and shenmight discount their kiss. A plan began to formulate in her talentednmind and she sighed in relief but cursed herself on the insidenknowing that she might hurt Chanel in the process. Derrick pulled into a parking space at thenrecord studio. \"Here we are\" he announced. \"I have nothing tondo today so I'll probably be at home if you want to do somethingnlater; unless you want me to - \" \"Stay!\" Galleria interrupted/ Derrickngave her a confused smile and cocked his eyebrows in that oh so cutenway. \"I mean would you please stay?\" Galleria requested morencalm. \"Of course\" Derrick replied. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO G Dorinda and Galleria were the only two there at thenrecording studio. They were in the nice recording room that had glassnwalls that were all beautiful and see through. Aqua had just callednsaying that she and Chanel .who was riding with her, were on theirnway. Galleria had been avoiding any real conversations with Do. She'dnbeen dominating any talk they did have simply talking about theirnrecord date and school. \"I'll be back ladies.\" Derrick saidnexcusing himself and going over to the water fountain which was rightnoutside of the left door in the recording room in the hallway. ' Don't leave me alone with her!' Galleria screamednwilling him to hear her thought. No sooner had she thought it whennDorinda asked, \"So how are things between you and Chanel?\" \"Ohnthere good…….normal!\" she suddenly exclaimed. \"Ha! Ha! That'snwhat they are….normal!\" she laughed nervously. Just then shenbegan to smell that oh so familiar scent. It was so intoxication. Itnwas faint but close enough for Galleria to smell. \" That water's nice and cold.\" Derrick saidnre-entering the room. 'Okay I've gotta do something! She'snalmost here!' Galleria began to panic. The smell was getting loudernand louder. Galleria abruptly grabbed Derrick and pulled him into ansearing kiss. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO C Chanel couldn't believe her eyes.nThere right in front of her was Galleria kissing Derrick. Chanel'sneyes went big as saucers as she caught sight of the abomination. Shenturned around and began walking running the other way. \"WaitnChanel!\" exclaimed Pucci who had been right behind her and hadnwitnessed the whole ordeal. He ran after his sister. Chanel felt likenshe'd been stabbed in the back; played for a fool. How couldnGalleria kiss him like nothing had even changed…..like their kissnhad meant nothing! \" Hey Chanel what's wrong?!\" Aqua questioned asnChanel stormed past her. She'd been a few feet behind the twonbecause she'd had a cell phone call. Chanel continued out of thenbuilding. \"It's no big.\" Pucci stopped and told Aqua. \"I'llnhandle it. Just don't tell anyone in there please.\" He pleaded.nAqua gave him an unsure look. \"Trust me. I'll handle it.\" hentold her. \"Alright.\" She sighed turning and walking away. Pucci took a deep breath and then opened the door tonhead outside where he knew Chanel would be and there she was sittingnon the ground with her knees up to her chest and her head down on hernknees crying. \"C'mon Channey\" Pucci soothed sitting down nextnto her and softly rubbing her back. \"Don't cry.\" He begged. \" I….. have….. to.\" Chanel said in between sobs.n\"You saw her Pucci! She acts like we never even kissed!\" she saidn exclaimed. Pucci thought for a moment trying to think of what to saynand how to say it. \"Chanel think.\" Her brother told her.n\"Galleria's scared. She probably thinks that you regret thenkiss…….and therefore she's trying to act like it nevernhappened.\" Pucci said. 'Wow that actually made since!' henthought amazed at his ability to improvise on the spot. Chanel slowly brought her head up looking at hernbrother. \"I guess that makes since.\" She said. \"But I'm tirednof her assuming and thinking things! Why can't she just ask me!\"nChanel wondered frustrated. \"Well maybe if you tell her….\"nPucci offered. \"No. She should've known by the way I kissed her.nI'll just……\" Chanel started. \"Well I don't what I'mngonna do but she wants to make me jealous?! It's time to fight firenwith fire!\" she declared. \"Alright Channey! Make her pay!\"nPucci cheered. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO G Back in the recording room Galleria feltnlike complete crap. She knew her plan had worked because the smellnhad quickly gone away. The others along with Aqua were all engaged innconversation as they waited for Chanel but Galleria couldn'tnconcentrate. She was too busy calling herself names and regrettingnnot being able to have have the guts to tell Chanel the truth. Chanel entered the room looking likena million bucks. Galleria had been awaken by her thoughts whennDorinda had commented on Chanel's outfit as she entered. Shenimmediately turned her focus to Chanel who was avoiding her eyes.nGalleria's breath caught in her throat as she looked at the otherngirl. She looked absolutely sexy in her glittery white halter top.nThe short pink mini-skirt she was wearing showed off her beautifulncaramel colored legs. Her hair was loose and framing her facenbeautifully and she had applied a light coat of make-up. \" Thanks\" Chanel saidnconfidently as if the whole breakdown outside had never taken place.n\"Hey I'm here to you know!\" Pucci spoke up. \"Did ya'll hearnanything?\" Aqua teased. \"Nope\" Derrick countered. \"Oh I seenhow ya'll wanna be.\" Pucci said. The others laughed. \"We'renjust kidding! Hi Pucci!\" Dorinda exclaimed. \"Ha Ha very funny\"nhe saud sarcastically. Galleria watched as the flaming hot diva that wasnChanel quickly made her way over to the others and started engagingnin conversation. Galleria was left dumbfounded and speechless as shenwatched the Latin Goddess talk. \" Hey Chanel here comes Michael.\" Aqua saidnnudging Chanel in the shoulder as the record producer and youngernbrother/assistant Michael made there way towards the room. \"He sonhas a crush on you!\" Aqua said. Chanel smiled inside when she sawnthat the comment had had an effect on the strangely quiet Galleria.n\"Really?!\" Chanel said faking interest. \"He is cute.\" Chanelnsaid earning an uneasy shift from Galleria. \" Good Afternoon Ladies!\" the record producernMarcus Roberts greeted them. He was a tall African American, mahoganynskinned with nice straight teeth and baby curly hair. He was fairnshaped and a nice guy.\"And gentle men\" he said acknowledgingnDerrick and Pucci. \"Morning!\" the Cheetah's said in unison.nMichael Roberts on the other hand the 19 year old younger brother tonMarcus was light skinned. He still had nice teeth, beautiful smile,,nbut also had light brown eyes, and baby curls; not to mention anbanging body. \" Today we're going to be recording thentrack \"My girls\". He announced. \"So let me get some morenequipment and we'll be ready to go!\" he told them exciting thenworld. Michael was eyeing Chanel the whole time. It was obvious thatnhe liked her but her showstopper outfit definitely had his mouthnwatering. She'd been making eyes at him also trying to send out then'come hither' look. She was tired of being jealous all the time.nIt was time for Galleria to see how it felt. \" Hi Chanel.\" Michael said walking up tonChanel and flashing his award-winning smile after his brother hadnleft. \"Hi\" Chanel said looking at him intensely. Galleria notednthe look and had the sudden crave to walk straight up to Chanel andnkiss her senseless either that or knock Michael straight out fornlooking at her girl. \" Look I this new club opened up called,nFerocious Fever\" he started. 'No this clown is not asking hernout!' Galleria thought to herself. \"It's suppose to be realnhot.\" He continued. \"I was wondering if maybe you'd check itnout with me tonight.\" He finished licking his lips enticingly. 'Nonway Chanel will go out with this Foo -' \"Yes\" Chanel smiled.n\"Really?\" Michael said. Chanel nodded. \"Well I'll pick you upnat 10 we can talk about the details later. '10?! Isn't that kindanlate? What are you tryna pull?!' Galleria fumed. \" Alright\" Chanel replied as he walkednaway. Galleria wasted no time and quickly approached the other girl.nShe was all but speechless now. \"So what's up with you and thisnMichael guy?\" she questioned. Chanel was taken aback and mildlynturned on. \"My. Galleria Garibaldi. Are you jealous?\" she joked.n\"No.\" Galleria spat. \"I just was wondering can't a friendnknow if her friend's interested in a guy?\" she asked.n\"Okay……..\"Chanel started. \" Well I am interested.\" She said matter ofnfactly. \"Oh………\"Galleria said starting to walk away. \"Wellnwe should double date!\" she blurted. \"Huh?\" Chanel asked fakingnas if she hadn't heard. \"We should um you know double date.\"nGalleria said lower. \"Oh sure\" Chanel replied simply as shenturned around walking away from the other girl. Galleria watched as the other girl retreated. Shencouldn't help staring at the other's girl perfect round butt. 'Nonway in hell he's getting my girl!' She declared a new lightnawaken in her……JEALOUSY. Author'snnote\" Okay you guys that was Chapter 14! I hope you guys enjoyednreading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Get ready for a firencracker two chapters! But I need your reviews! They're really whatnkeep me going and I just want to thank everyone who has reviewed thusnfar because ya'll are truly thy only reason I'm writing! Pleasenkeep reading![Chapter 15] I Havenreally bad news for readers but really good news for writers who loventhis story! I'm sooooo sorry but I'm not going to be able toncontinue writing this story for various reasons. It pains me and I'mnvery sad because this story is like my baby but I can't continue tonwrite it. I do however know that I have some faithful fans who lovednreading it and if you would like to continue writing it please sendnme a private message. I will write you back and you can get mynpassword and everything and the story will live on! Please replynwithin a week or my profile will no longer exist! Thanks and sorry![Chapter 16] Okaynyou guys I have great news! Someone has very graciously agreed tontake over the story for me! Yay! It will continue on! All I ask isnthat you treat the new writer with respect, be gracious, and give hernlots of great reviews so that she will continue writing! I hope younenjoy the story and thanks to all of you who reviewed and I guessnthanks to all of you who didn't because if you had I might not evennhave the guts to quit writing! I hope you enjoy the story! Farewell! ","Summary":" It was always you A cheetah girl slash Summary:nThere was always some huge chemistry between Galler"},{"Movie":"My Bloody Valentine","Title":"Blood Game","Author":"DeanFan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6374145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Don't own My Blood Valentine Author's Note: I decided to write one when Harry was still alive in the story all the way until the end of the movie. I had walked into Sarah's parents store to get the stuff I needed for the annual Miners barbecue. The first thing you should know about me is that I hate shopping with a passion. I wasn't the average girl that enjoyed doing girl stuff and shopping was at the top of my list. \"Hey, Katie,\" My friend Sarah said with greet as I grabbed a shopping cart. \"Your father made you do his dirty work, huh?\" She said with an amused look. I gave her a look. \"You know my father,\" I gritted through my teeth. Sarah Mercer was one of my closet friends. I knew she was teasing me because she knew it'd annoy the hell out of me. That's why I loved her as a friend. \"Plus I have to set everything up while Axel gets to sit on his lazy ass. Do I look like Martha Stewart to you?\" I asked walking down the bread isle for hamburger buns and hot dog buns. I spotted them and threw them in the cart not really caring. Sarah smiled. \"The bitchy Martha Stewart,\" She said. \"Tomorrow I'll come by and help you set up.\" I looked at her in shock. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, I mean, I'm going to be there anyways, so I might as well help set up.\" \"Your awesome,\" I said in awe at my friend. Her smile grew wider. \"I know. Tom and I are going out tonight,\" she said. \"Any place special?\" I asked going down the soda isle. The adults were supposed to bring their own alcohol. \"Movies, dinner,\" she said with a sigh. \"I love Tom but I kind of feel lately we're in a rut.' She helped me stack some 24 packs of different sodas in the cart. \"To be fair there isn't anything to do in Harmony.\" \"I know. Nothing ever happens in this town.\" I looked at her. MBV I finally made it home and parked the car in the driveway. I got out of the car and opened the trunk to find my stepbrother Axel Palmer coming out of the house. Dick. \"Need help loading it in?\" He asked eying the full trunk of groceries. I grinned knowing exactly what he could do. \"Can you bring the 24 packs?\" I asked him grabbing the ice out of the trunk first. He looked like he hadn't wished he asked for help now but grabbed a couple of packs. \"Thanks,\" I said walking up to the back door and unlocked it. He followed me inside and set the packs by the table an watched me put the ice in the freezer. \"So, dad is making you do all the work again?\" I gave him a look. \"I am not cooking. I don't know why we have to have one of these every year. I hate getting stuck with the clean up.\" I said closing the freezer door. He followed me back outside to the trunk to bring more stuff in. \"Sarah's coming tomorrow isn't she?\" He asked grabbing a couple of more packs. I took a deep breath. I hated it when he pulls this crap. \"Sarah is coming but she's coming with the love of her life- Tom.\" He laughed. \"Trust me, they aren't going to last.\" He said as we went back in the kitchen. I dropped the bags on the floor next to the fridge and looked at him. \"Did you know you're an ass?\" His lips curled up. \"What else is new?\" I so did not want to get into a fight with him. \"Can you just help me put all this crap away? It's not good for my blood pressure to go up every time you are near me,\" I told him seriously. \"Don't be such a cry baby. You haven't ended up in the hospital yet.\" \"Jerk,\" I muttered. \"You know you love me.\" He said pulling me into a brotherly hug to piss me off. \"Only because I have to.\" MBV After dinner I had gone straight to my room with the door shut. My father had invited some of the miner's over for a poker game which meant Tom's father was downstairs along with Harry Warden. Sure Tom was a miner to but he was out with Sarah. I could hear the men laughing downstairs and turned the radio on enough to drown them out. I flopped on my queen size bed and closed my eyes just laying in the dark. I must have dozed off because I woke up to someone touching me. It was dark so I turned the lamp on. \"Harry?\" I said shocked. \"Why are you in my room?\" \"Your father sent me up to check on you.\" He said just staring at me in a way that made me uncomfortable. I didn't believe him but played along. \"You can tell my father that I'm fine,\" I said giving him a light smile. He gave me one last look before walking out of my room. I quickly got up and closed my door and locked it. I slid down against the door in fear. Should I continue?[Chapter 2] I quickly grabbed my cell phone and called the only person that I could talk to. MBV I had changed into a pair of gray sweat pants and a matching gray sweater. It was cold outside as I opened my window and snuck out. There was no way I could stay in that house while Harry Warden was there. I walked down to the end of my street and stopped when I saw a familiar jeep waiting. I ran the rest of the way and got in out of breath. \"Thanks for coming.\" I said, now out of breath. \"You sounded scared on the phone,\" Tom said. \"What's wrong?\" \"I can't stay in that house. Not yet.\" Tom looked at me worried. \"Tell me what's wrong. Haven't we always been best friends?\" I lowered my eyes. \"I can't even say it.\" I said in a small voice. He placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. \"Your scaring me. Tell me.\" I looked at him trying to hold back tears that threatened to fall. \"Harry looked at me again.\" Tom swallowed hard and angry. \"Did he do anything to hurt you?\" \"No. He's at home right now playing poker with Axel's dad and yours. I was upstairs in my room and he was there just staring at me.\" I explained. \"I don't know what to do. Axel's father didn't believe me the first time I told him. Ever since my mom died it's like he's a completely different person.\" \"Your seventeen. Harry shouldn't be looking at you like that.\" \"I don't have a choice. I'm stuck in that house for another year until I turn eighteen.\" I said sadly. \"Your staying the night tonight. I'm not letting you go back there while Harry is still there.\" MBV I must have fallen asleep because I woke up to someone gently pushing me awake. I opened my blurry eyes and saw Tom's father looking at me. \"What are you doing here?\" I pushed back the sleep that was threatening to make my eyes close. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Hanniger. I fell asleep.\" \"I'll drive you home,\" He said grabbing his car keys off the little wooden table by the front door. I stood up. \"Is the game over?\" He looked at me weird. \"Yeah, that's why I'm home.\" MBV My heart started beating fast as Jim stooped in front of the house. \"Is everything okay at home?\" He asked me out of the blue. \"I just needed to get some air that's all.\" \"Your daddy's been worried about you.\" I scoffed. \"He's not my father.\" As soon as the words were out I regretted saying it by the way Jim was looking at me. \"Your daddy's been through hell. He needs both of his kids. Got it?\" I opened the door to the truck and got out. \"Tom needs his father. Got it?\" I closed the door and watched Jim drive off. I was going to climb back up to my window but the front door opened. Axel's father was standing there angry. \"Where the hell have you been?\" He demanded. \"I was at Tom's.\" I said knowing that Jim would be talking to Axel's dad tomorrow anyways at the barbecue. \"So, you had to lie about it and climb out the window?\" \"Honestly I didn't think you'd care. You only seem to notice I'm gone when you need something.\" I said walking past him but he grabbed my arm in a tight grip causing me to wince at the pain as his rough finger dug into my skin. \"You better not be screwing around with Jim's son.\" I glared angry at him. \"Like you were with Tom's mom before mine died?\" He let go of my arm stunned. \"I am nothing like you. I don't sleep with my friend's partners.\" With that I stormed in the house leaving him outside.[Chapter 3] Harry's POV I watched Katie Palmer's every move at the Annual Miners Barbecue as some of the guys were talking to me. I wasn't paying any attention to them; my full attention was on Katie. She was talking with Sarah Mercer and that idiot Tom Hanniger. I narrowed my eyes when I saw him looking at Katie like she was his property and no one else. That's what you think Hanniger. Tonight is the night I make Katie mine. Katie's POV I avoided looking at Harry's direction. I could practically feel his eyes on me. I grabbed a soda from one of the ice chests and popped it open and swallowed nervously. Someone placed a hand on my shoulder making me drop the can in fear. \"Sorry,\" Tom said picking the can up and tossing it in the recycle trash can. \"Came over to see how you were doing.\" \"Not good. I'm going to go in my room until this thing is over.\" \"Do you want me to send Sarah up with you?\" \"No. You two need to spend some time together,\" I said remembering what Axel's dad had said last night. \"Call me if you need anything.\" \"I will,\" I said giving him a light smile. I spotted Axel talking to Irene and walked over to him. \"I'm going upstairs. I have a headache.\" I told him. He snorted like the jerk he is. \"Are you asking for my permission or something?\" Irene hit his arm hard. \"You are such an ass to your sister!\" He grinned. \" Step sister,\" he corrected her. \"Asshole,\" I scowled going inside. Tom's POV \"Are you having fun?\" Sarah asked me while wrapping both her arms around my waist pulling me close to her. I smiled at her. \"Did I ever tell you that you're the best thing that's ever happened to me?\" She smiled back at me. \"Everyday.\" She said kissing me. \"I feel kind of guilty.\" I looked down at her. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, I'm here having funny with my boyfriend when I know my best friend is miserable. I don't know what's going on with Katie anymore. She doesn't talk to me like she used to.\" \"She's going through a hard time right now.\" \"You know what's bothering her?\" She said surprised. \"Tom, you've got to tell me.\" \"I can't. I promised I wouldn't say anything.\" \"She's my best friend, Tom.\" \"I know. There's nothing that anyone can do right now. I love you Sarah, but I can't tell you her secret. I'm sorry.\" \"I'll let it go for now. I know your just being a good friend.\" I grinned at her. \"What about being a good boyfriend?\" I asked playfully. Sarah looked around embarrassed. \"Not in public, Tom.\" Harry's POV I followed Katie inside. There were so many people that no one would notice. Luckily, Hanniger's girlfriend was distracting him long enough for me to sneak by. Inside the house was quiet as I made my way upstairs to Kate's bedroom. Yes, Kate; my sweet, lovely Kate. Kate was my own special name for her. I pulled out a hypodermic needle I had kept hidden in my pocket and crept into her room. Her back was now facing me. This was going to be easier than I thought. Before she could turn around I stuck the needle in her neck. Within seconds she collapsed on the dingy carpet.[Chapter 4] Thanks to everyone that has reviewed. Harry's POV Getting Kate out of the house was easier than I thought. I had placed her gently in the passenger side of my truck and took of towards the mines. I knew no one would be there today. Sarah's POV I knew Tom was distracted with whatever was going on with my best friend. I felt a little betrayed that my best friend could tell my boyfriend and not me. \"Where did Harry go?\" Tom's voice said worried. \"What's the big deal about Harry, Tom? Oh, I forgot. You can't tell me.\" I said curtly walking away from him but he grabbed my arm and stopped me. \"Sarah, please. Something terrible is going to happen,\" he pleaded. \"Just tell me what's going on?\" \"Harry's been after Katie.\" I looked at him not understanding. \"What do you mean after Katie?\" \"After Katie as in he's too old for her.\" \"Ew! That's just gross. How come she doesn't tell Axel's dad?\" \"She did last year abut he didn't believe her. He thinks she's just making it up.\" \"I'll go upstairs and check if Katie's in her room,\" I said worried for my best friend. \"I'm going to go see if Harry's truck is still here.\" Katie's POV I struggled to keep myself from surrendering into the darkness forcing my eyes to stay open. I felt my body bouncing slightly up and down in a vehicle. What the hell happened? \"I Know your awake. Might as well stop faking,\" Harry's voice said scaring the hell out of me. I looked at him in shock and noticed that my hands were tied behind my back. \"What are you going to do to me,\" I asked, completely terrified in a small voice. He took his cold dead eyes off the road long enough to answer my question. \"You'll soon find out,\" He said, his eyes back on the road. \"All in good time,\" he said with a wicked smile. \"Why are you doing this to me? What did I ever do to you?\" I asked trying to keep him distracted as working on opening the door handle but it was difficult with my hands tied. He had tied them so tight the rope was roughly around my wrists. \"That's the problem, Kate.\" I noticed he called me Kate and not Katie like everyone else. \"You didn't do anything to me. You treated me the same like you do with everyone in this town.\" I still didn't understand. \"People in this town treat me like I'm a freak; like I'm a bad seed. But you never treated me that way.\" Maybe I should have then I wouldn't be in this mess! \"Why do you call me Kate instead of Katie?\" \"Because your too mature for your age,\" He answered me. \"I'm not an adult Harry! Whatever your planning on doing to me it's wrong! You'll go to jail or prison for it,\" I ranted trying to let him know how wrong this is. I looked out the passenger window and noticed he was taking the back road to the mines. I finally felt my hand reach the handle and the door flew open. \"KATE!\" Harry screamed angry slamming on the brakes. I quickly forced my body out of the truck before it came to a halt and landed on the dirt road hard on my stomach. A cry escaped my mouth from the pain. Harry's POV I heard her cry out in pain as she tried to escape me. Good! She deserved it! I thought she was different but it turns out she's the same as the rest of the people in this town. I stood over her and she looked at me with frightened eyes as I kicked her in her gut. General POV Sarah ran back downstairs after she couldn't find Katie and went outside in the front yard where Tom was. \"She's not upstairs.\" \"And his truck is gone,\" Tom said. \"Who knows what the kind of hell she's going through.\" \"We need to tell someone Tom. The more people know the better chance we have of finding her.\" \"We've got to go to the Sheriff. He's going to be the only one that believes us.' \"What about Axel?\" Tom scoffed. \"What about Axel? He's never cared about Katie just like his father. The only reason why they put up with her is because her mother died while still married to his father.\" \"What if Harry took Katie to the mines?\" \"Why would he take her there?\" \"Because its excluded today,\" Sarah explained. \"All the miners are at the victim's house.\" \"I'm going to drive there. Get a hold of the Sheriff,\" Tom shouted getting in his jeep.[Chapter 5] Tom's POV \"Calm down, Tom. We don't even know if Katie left with Harry,\" Sheriff Burke said not believing a word he was saying. Tom wanted to punch the guy. \"An innocent girl has been missing for an hour and your not going to do anything!\" I shouted angry. Sarah placed a hand on my shoulder trying to calm me down. \"Tom, please…\" Burke sighed. \"Look, Tom. I know you are worried about Katie but there is no evidence that Harry took her.\" \"She could be going through hell right now!\" I growled. \"Yet we don't know if she is or if she had another fight with Axel's daddy.\" Tom wanted to punch the jerk. Protect and serve his ass! \"Sheriff Burke, could you just find out where Harry might be? It'll give us a peace of mind,\" Sarah said softly trying to calm the situation down. I could tell Burke was considering this so he could get us out of his hair. He just better pray that Katie's not hurt. \"I'll call dispatch,\" Burke said giving in. \"Dispatch, come in. I need you to find out where Harry Warden is-\" \"Sheriff, you are going to want to come down to the hospital,\" Dispatch said through static. \"Katie Palmer was just brought in.\" Sarah gasped in shock and I glared at Burke who looked ashen. Katie's POV I sat numbly on one of the examination tables. I couldn't even feel my body because I was in so much pain but kept it to myself as the doctor shined one of those annoying pen lights in my eyes. \"Is that even necessary?\" I asked annoyed. The Doctor who's name tag read Dr. Mallory chuckled. \"At least you still have your sense of humor, which I take is a good sign,\" he said dropping the pen in one of the pockets of his white coat. \"Can I go home yet?\" I desperately wanted a hot shower. \"I'm afraid I'm going to have to keep you over night for observation.\" He's crazy if he thinks I'm staying in here against my will. \"I don't need to stay over night. Your just trying to up the bill,\" I muttered. \"Katie, you look like hell. You were unconscious when you were found and brought in which means you are staying,\" he said firmly. \"I'll be back. Do not go anywhere,\" he ordered leaving the room. I slowly stood up and walked across the room barefoot and looked in the mirror. I didn't even recognize the face staring back at me quickly looking away. It was hard to describe how I looked. I slid down to the floor and started crying which made my body hurt more. I felt a hand touch my shoulder startling me. \"Katie, it's just me.\" \"Axel, please don't make me stay in here over night,\" I begged. Axel looked like I didn't have a choice. \"Dad's outside signing the papers to keep you in over night. What the hell happened?\" I used the back of my hand to wipe tears from my eyes. \"It doesn't matter. No one believes me except for Tom.\" He sat down beside me. \"I know we don't have the best relationship, but I am still your brother, and I care even though I don't act like it most of the time.\" \"It was Harry,\" I said with my eyes closed. \" Harry?\" Axel said stunned. \"Are you sure?\" I snapped my eyes open and stood up scoffing. \"I knew you wouldn't believe me. Hell, even y our father didn't believe me when I had tried to tell him what Harry had been doing to me,\" I said angry. He rose from the floor. \"I never said I didn't believe you. I'm just shocked that it was Harry Warden.\" \"As soon as I turn eighteen, I'm gone. I'm won't be staying in that house anymore.\" MBV The next morning I woke up to commotion outside of my hospital room. I slowly sat up carefully and got out of bed, opening the door to my room and peered into the hall. It was chaos. Doctors and nurses were running back and forth, gurneys were in the middle of the walk way. \"What's happening?\" I asked stopping a nurse by her arm. \"There was a cave-in in the mines. Excuse me,\" she said going back to work. I watched the scene unfold in front of me. How could there have been a cave-in? What if something happened to, Tom? \"Where do you want me to place this patient, doctor?\" a male nurse asked. \"Just leave him there. All the damn rooms are filled up. Besides, it won't make a difference. He's in a coma,\" the doctor said irritated. My heart started pounding fast. What if it was, Tom? Each step I took felt as if I were in quicksand as I approached the gurney. I gasped when I saw who it was.[Chapter 6] I stared at a comatose Harry Warden. I felt relief pass through my body knowing he couldn't hurt me at the moment, but how long would he stay in that coma? Maybe if I could just grab a pillow- \"Miss, you shouldn't be near the patient,\" The same nurse said sternly. I looked at her. \"I'm sorry. I can tell you need all the rooms you can, so would it be okay if I left the hospital early?\" \"I couldn't release you without your guardian's consent.\" \"I'll fill out the paperwork,\" I heard Axel say behind me. The nurse nodded. \"I'll go get the discharge papers,\" She said walking away. I faced my stepbrother. \"Thanks.\" \"You don't deserve to be here,\" he said. \"I was wrong last night.\" I pushed a lock of my hair behind my ear. \"You know what's ironic?\" \"What?\" I stepped aside so Axel could see Harry. \"What the hell happened?\" \"Something went wrong at the mines and workers were trapped inside. Harry was one of them,\" I said without remorse for Harry. Axel frowned. \"Do they know how it happened?\" \"I don't know.\" The nurse came back with the papers, handing them to Axel. \"Just give them to one of the nurses at the desk when your done.\" \"Katie, what happened to you?\" Sarah said shocked with her arm in twine with one of Tom's. \"Harry.\" Axel said with hate. Tom looked awful; Dirt and blood all on his clothes. \"I can't believe it,\" Sarah said stunned. \"It's like our towns been cursed all of a sudden.\" \"I'm going to go fill these out so you can go home,\" Axel told me leaving the three of us alone. \"This doesn't make any sense,\" Sarah said. \"That bastard deserves what he gets,\" Tom said without remorse. \"Were you trapped with Harry in the cave in?\" I asked Tom. He blinked surprised by my question. \"No. I wasn't. Why?\" \"I just wondered. I'm going to go change.\" I said going back into the room and closed the door. I noticed my gym bag on the bed and walked over to it. At least Axel did something right. I pulled out a pair of jeans and a green sweater and walked into the tiny bathroom to get dressed. Tom's POV \"Are you okay, Tom?\" Sarah asked me as she drove me home. I rubbed my forehead. \"I'm just tired.\" \"I'm sorry you had to go through that today. You must have been so scared.\" I tried to block out the mental image of the gas line exploding. \"It's over. I don't want to talk about it.\" She parked in front of my house. \"Call me if you need anything. I don't care what time it is.\" I leaned over and kissed her. \"How did I get so lucky?\" \"I'm the one that's lucky,\" she said smiling. \"Get lots of rest. I'll see you tomorrow.' I got out of her car and watched her drive away. I looked at the house. Might as well get this over with. I went inside and saw my father drinking away on the couch. Strong stench of alcohol filled my nostrils as I closed the door behind me. \"Well, if it isn't my son that got all those men killed.\" How could he even-? \"You got those men killed dad. Not me! You knew those mines weren't safe,\" I said angry. I was in no mood to be putting up with this. My father stood up drunkenly. \"You were the one in charge of those men. Not me!\" I scoffed. \"That's right dad. Blame everyone else. Take responsibility for once!\" \"You take responsibility for once, Tom! I know it in my gut when they investigate the cause of the cave in it will fall back on you!\" \"Just have another drink. It won't help you sleep better at night.\" \"My son the murderer!\" I walked up and punched my father across his face. He fell back onto the wooden coffee table breaking it. \"It's nice to know what my father really thinks of me,\" I said storming out of the house slamming the door behind me. Katie's POV Axel was making lunch while I sat at the kitchen table drinking a soda. The news was on the tiny television set that sat on the counter. \" Reports just came in that it was not the explosion that killed the men in the mines. It was Harry Warden. He killed those men for his own air…\" I wanted to throw up. Axel quickly turned the tv off. \"How could he do that to those innocent men?\" I asked stunned. \"Because he's a cold blooded killer,\" Axel said. \"He attacked you. Why wouldn't he kill people?\" There was a knock at the back door and Tom walked in. \"What are you doing here?\" Axel glared at him. I stood up. \"Axel, can't you be nice to him this one time?\" I asked walking over to Tom. 'I was wondering if I could talk to you alone,\" Tom said. \"Let's go outside,\" I said quickly before Axel could say anything. Once we were outside we sat down on the swing bench. \"Are you here because of the news?\" Tom looked at me. \"What about the news?\" \"It wasn't the explosion that killed those men. Harry killed them to save air,\" I told him. He shook his head. \"This day keeps getting better and better.\" \"You look tense. Did something else happen?\" \"You mean other than the fact that my father called me a murderer? Nah.' I place my hand on his. \"Your father doesn't know what he's talking about. You were the last one to come out of that.\" \"It was my fault,\" he said with tears in his eyes. \"I forgot to bleed the break line. Those men might not have died in the explosion but they died because of me. My mistake got them trapped with Harry.\" He said crying. I pulled him into a hug. \"Everybody makes mistakes, Tom.\" I said trying to comfort him. \"This isn't an ordinary mistake.\" \"Everything's going to be okay,\" I said trying to reassure him. \"No, it's not.\"[Chapter 7] \"Tom, you can't let the guilt eat you alive,\" I told him sternly because I hated seeing that look on his face. Tom stood up angry. \"You don't have the right to say that because you weren't there! You weren't the one responsible!\" I stood up and looked him in the eye. \"I wasn't there but I've been through hell, so don't tell me I don't understand!\" His face softened. \"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have gone there,\" he said. \"If there's any justice for this town it would be Harry Warden never waking up.\" \"I'm supposed to be meeting Sarah so…\" \"Just like that your going to leave?\" \"To tell you the truth I'm tired of Axel giving me the stink eye,\" he said with a chuckle making me smile. \"Let me worry about Axel. Besides we're just friends and that's all we'll ever be,\" I said trying to sound sure of my self. \"Just friends,\" he said still staring at me. \"Besides, Sarah's my best friend. I would never hurt her.\" \"I wouldn't hurt her either.\" \"Food is ready!\" Axel yelled from the back porch slightly annoyed. \"Are you sure you don't want to stay for lunch?\" I asked with a crooked smile. \"I'm pretty sure Axel would kill me the first chance he gets. Bye,\" he said leaving. I sighed looking up at the blue clear sky. A few birds flew above. Luckily they weren't forming a circle. \"It's going to get better,\" I told myself. One Month Later \"That's the stupidest idea I have ever heard,\" I said as I stocked some cereal boxes and Sarah's parent's store. A month had passed and everything seemed to go back to normal. My body was completely healed and I was finally able to get a good night sleep without waking up from nightmares anymore. Last week I had just graduated highs school and was now working full-time trying to save up enough money to get my own place. \"All the kids want to do this. I guess it feels like some kind of closure for what happened before,\" Sarah said checking off what products I was stocking. \"Let them do it then but I'm not going. I've finally got my life back.\" \"Tom's going,\" Sarah said making me drop a box in surprise. I bent down and picked it up. \"Well, that's Tom. Not me,\" I said putting it on the shelf. It was a box of Lucky Charms. It was kind of ironic. \"All I'm saying by Tom going it may be putting the past behind him,\" she said softly. I tucked a lose hair out of my ponytail behind my ear. \"I don't care. I'm not going,\" I said firmly. Axel's POV \"I can't believe you're not going!\" I exclaimed at Katie when she came home from work. \"I thought you would be thrilled that I wouldn't be going,\" Katie drawled as she grabbed one bottle of water from the fridge and made her way to her bedroom with me following close behind. \"Everybody is going to be there,\" I said stopping her bedroom door from shoving in my face. She took the cap off the bottle and took a long drink before putting the cap back on. \"I'm not everybody. Just drop it. Now if you'll excuse me I just worked a nine hour shift and would like to take a shower in private,\" she said crossing her arms over her chest waiting for me to leave. \"Your letting him win you know,\" I told her before walking out of her room. She slammed her door in my face. I walked back downstairs where Irene was sitting on the couch. \"No luck?\" She asked but already knowing the answer. \"No. Come on,\" I said grabbing her hand. \"We're going to be late.\" Katie's POV After my shower I made a frozen pizza for dinner. I looked at the clock on the microwave which read 9:30 on the dot. Staying home was better than going to any party. The truth was something was telling me to stay home….. Let me know if you want me to continue this story or not.[Chapter 8] Thanks everyone for the reviews. Reviews make me happy. Here's the next chapter. Axel's POV \"I can't believe she's letting Harry Warden win!\" I said angry at the party as we waited for Sarah and of course Tom to show up. \"Babe, she'll come around when she's ready. Besides, we can't say anything because we haven't been through hell like she has,\" Irene said swinging her legs casually as she sat on my truck. \"All I want for her is to stop acting like a fucking zombie all the time. The only time she leaves the house is for work.\" I glanced at my watch. What the hell was taking Sarah and Tom so long? \"Where the hell are they? I can't believe Sarah hasn't broken up with that loser yet.\" \"I hate to break it to you, sweetie, but Tom's the love of her life,\" Irene replied a little to sweetly for my taste. \"At the moment,\" I said with a wicked grin. Irene sighed. \"I swear I don't even know why I'm with you,\" she said jumping off the truck when Tom's jeep came into view and went to greet them. \"Axel, was just about to give up on you but I knew you'd come,\" she said hugging Sarah. \"We had to stop for beer,\" Sarah said stating the obvious. I caught Tom's eye and he looked down. I could tell he didn't want to be here. I just didn't give a shit about his feelings. He was the reason why all this happened in the first place. Tom's POV \"Tom, are you okay?\" Sarah asked concerned as I stood frozen. I cleared my throat. \"I'm fine. Why don't you go ahead with Irene and Axel. I still got to get the beer out of the jeep,\" I told her. She gave me a comforting squeeze with her hand. \"Don't be too long,\" She said giving me a kiss. \"I won't.\" I watched her walk into the mines and shuddered. I should have been honest with her. Katie's POV I walked around the house making sure everything was locked up. The house seemed eerie. I shook my head. Get your act together Katie. Don't let him win. Live your life the way you were supposed to. I walked back to the front door and slowly unlocked it with a trembling hand. I laughed a little stepping away from the front door. \"Baby steps, Katie.\" I told myself. \"Step one don't talk to yourself.\" I said with a frown. \"People already think I'm crazy as it is.\" I moved swiftly upstairs and went into my bedroom and headed straight for the closet looking for an outfit. Sarah's POV This cannot be happening! Harry Warden was supposed to be in a coma. How was he able to wake up? Please God don't let me die. I tried to control my breathing as Axel had his hand placed over my mouth so Harry couldn't find us. Tom, where are you? Tom's POV I took a deep breath and forced myself to walk to the entrance of the mines. Would I ever get over this fear? I walked inside slowly looking at my surroundings when all of a sudden I heard screaming and running. Sarah, Axel and Irene were running out of the mine terrified. \"They are all dead! He killed them,\" Sarah cried her body shaking in fear. \"Come on!\" I heard Axel yell pulling Sarah away from me and running out of the mine. \"Not without Tom!\" I heard Sarah yell. My body was paralyzed. I couldn't even move until I saw Harry Warden coming at me with a pick ax. I tried to run as Harry swung the ax at me. I managed to keep it from cutting me and heard tires peeling away. So this was it. This was how I was going to die. Harry rose the ax up. \"Stay down, Harry!\" I heard Sheriff Burke order. Kill him already! Harry moved an inch closer to me. Next thing I knew I had his blood splattered across my face. \"Are you okay, Tom?\" Sheriff Burke asked me. \"Tom. What happened?\" I heard Katie's in a distance. Katie's POV When I reached the party I realized that it was empty when I had gotten out of my car. I started to walk towards the entrance when I heard a loud gun shot echoing in the mine. \"Katie, what the hell are you doing here?\" Sheriff Burke asked behind me. I turned and looked at him. \"What happened? Where is everyone?\" He looked at me sadly. \"It was Harry Warden. He somehow woke up from his coma and went on a god damn killing spree.\" I gasped in shock. \"No,\" I said shaking my head refusing to believe it. \"I'm sorry, Katie. Harry is still loose. I shot him right before he was going to kill Tom.\" \"Tom? Is he alright? What about Axel, Sarah and Irene?\" \"Tom said they made it out safely,\" he said assuring me. \"You should go home.\" A young cop ran out of the cave. \"I can't get him to talk, Sheriff.\" Burke sighed and looked at me. \"Katie, I hate to ask but do you think-?\" I swallowed my fear and nodded. Tom needed me. I had to push my fear away. As I walked inside I heard my own screams and cries in my head from the last time I was here and closed my eyes. \"Come on, Katie. Pull it together.\" I opened my eyes and saw Tom sitting on the ground with blood splattered on his face. I could tell he was in shock. I face the officer watching him. \"Could you get me a wet wash cloth?\" I asked him. He nodded. \"Be right back.\" I crouched down in front of Tom. \"Tom?\" I asked hopefully. My heart sank when he stared straight ahead like I wasn't even there. \"Here you go, miss.\" The officer said handing one to me. I took the washcloth from him and gently began to take the blood of Tom's face. As soon as I tried I felt his hand on mine scaring me a little. He came out of his trance looking at me. \"Katie?\" \"I'm here, Tom. You are in shock,\" I told him hoping he would let go of my wrist. He noticed my gaze and quickly released his hand from my wrist. \"It was Harry.\" \"I know. I'm sorry you had to go through that,\" I said while wiping his face clean. \"I should have died. If he would have just killed me then all this would be over.\" I grabbed his chin and forced him to look at me. \"Don't talk like that. Nobody deserves to die, especially you.\" I felt his strong arms wrap around me and he pulled me into a tight hug crying. \"It'll get better,\" I said trying to comfort him. I tears stung my eyes threatening to fall. I wasn't going to let them fall. I wouldn't shed another tear because of Harry Warden.[Chapter 9] Huge thanks for all the rev iews. I also posted new banners for this story. Katie's POV I had helped Tom into his jeep. I glanced at my car knowing that I'd have to come back tomorrow for it and walked around to the driver's side and got it. The driver's seat was a little far for me. My feet barely touched the pedals but it would do. All I needed was the keys. I looked at Tom. \"I need the keys\" He cleared his throat and reached his hand in his pocket and pulled the keys out. There was something off about him. I couldn't quite place it. I knew he had experienced something horrible but he looked at me like a completely different person. Like the way Harry used to look at me. \"Thanks for being there for me,\" He said with a light smile. I returned the smile waiting for him to hand me the keys. \"You are the only one I can count on,\" he continued. I looked bewildered at him. \"B-but what about, Sarah?\" He shook head. \"She left me when Harry was going to kill me. Don't get me wrong, I am glad that she's safe, but it still hurts when the person that you love turns their back on you when you need them the most.\" \"I don't know the whole story Tom, but I do know that it was a scary moment for everyone involved.\" He started to shudder making me worried. \"Tom?\" I said placing my hand on his shoulder. This time he looked at me like his old self. He realized he was still holding the keys and handed them to me. \"Sorry.\" \"Where do you want to go?\" I asked him placing the keys in the ignition and started the jeep. \"I can't face my father now, anywhere but home.\" He begged. My heart broke. He looked like a scared little boy. I knew Axel or his father wouldn't approve but I didn't care. If they didn't let him stay then it would be time to get my own place…. General POV Sarah paced Axel's living room back and forth. She couldn't believe she had left Tom. He could be dead. \"Sarah, would you stop pacing?\" Axel said annoyed. \"I'm sure, Tom is fine.\" She stopped pacing and whirled on him. \"You were the one that dragged me away from him when he needed help!\" \"It's no secret that I'm not a fan of his but I know he wouldn't have wanted you to stay there and get killed!\" She heard Tom's jeep pull up outside and smiled. \"Tom's alive!\" She yelled running outside. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Katie behind the wheel and Tom in the passenger seat. Katie gave her a sympathetic look before getting out of the jeep. She walked up to her and handed her the keys. \"I'll leave you two alone,\" Katie said. \"Wait,\" Sarah said stopping her. \"How did you end up at the mines?\" \"Well, I finally decided I wasn't going to let Harry Warden ruin my life anymore so I went to have fun with my friends, but when I got there Sheriff Burke had told me what happened. Tom had Harry's blood splattered across his face,\" she told her softly so Tom wouldn't hear. \"He was in shock. Actually I think he still is and he didn't want to go home and deal with his father so I drove him here. When Burke told me that you, Axel and Irene had escaped I figured you three would be here waiting,\" she explained. \"Thank you for helping him,\" Sarah told her, \"I didn't really do anything. He needs his girlfriend right now,\" Katie replied with a light smile. She went inside leaving the two of them alone. Sarah watched Tom get out of the jeep. She ran up to him and hugged him. \"I'm so sorry. I didn't want to leave you but Axel pulled me away,\" she cried. Tom rubbed smooth circles on her back as they held each other. \"I know. I'm just glad your safe. Axel did the right thing for once,\" he said making a joke. Sarah pulled apart and looked at him. She put her hand to his left cheek. \"It doesn't make it right. I was afraid I was never going to see you again.\" \"We're both safe. That's what matters.\" Axel watched them through the window. \"Give it up, Axel. Sarah's never going to be with you,\" Katie said as she grabbed a soda out of the fridge. \"Give it time little sister,\" he said still spying on Tom and Sarah. Katie popped the can open. \"I'm only your little sister by marriage. Don't forget that,\" she said sending him daggers. He finally moved away from the window. \"So, why the hell did you decide to show up there? Could it be that Tom was going to be there?\" She glared at him. \"Tom and I are just friends and that's all we are ever going to be. Just like you and Sarah,\" she replied smiling sweetly at him on the last sentence. He rolled his eyes. \"Seriously, what changed your mind?\" She leaned against the counter. \"I thought about what you said and you were right even though you said it harshly.\" \"But it got you to go didn't it?\" \"Yeah, it did. Thanks, Axel.\" He groaned. \"We're not going to have to hug are we?\" \"Never,\" she said looking horrified. \"That would be gross.\" Just then Tom, Sarah and Sheriff Burke walked in the kitchen. They looked as almost if… \"Burke, what are you doing here?\" Axel asked him. \"Son, I hate to be the one to tell you this but your daddy is dead,\" Sheriff Burke told him. Axel looked like he didn't believe him. \"Your lying.\" Sarah looked at Axel. \"Why would Sheriff Burke lie about something like that?\" \"HE IS! My father is not dead!\" Katie looked at Tom and he nodded. It was Harry again and he was never going to stop….[Chapter 10] General POV It was eerie and somber in the Palmer Household since it was the morning of Axel's father's funeral. Katie hadn't seen Axel much when he found out about his fathers death. She wanted to give Axel his space. Sure she checked on him by bringing him food or something to drink but other than that she stayed out of his way. Of course, Harry Warden was still out there waiting to murder another innocent person. The whole town was on edge once the word got out and had spread like a wildfire. At least with the word out it might be harder for Harry to make his next move whatever that may be. Katie stared at her reflection in the mirror. She was dressed in a black dress with matching flats and had her hair up in a tight bun. Katie wanted to feel sorrow for Axel's father but she just couldn't. Not after she had found out he had cheated on her mom when she was dying. \"I'm surprised that you're even going,\" Axel's voice drawled. Katie turned around and faced her stepbrother who was dressed for the funeral in a black suit. \"I'm going for you, Axel.\" He walked up to her. \"I shouldn't be saying this now but I'm going to be putting the house on the market. I just can't live here anymore and I know you don't want to either.\" She tried her best not to look stunned by his news. \"Are you sure?\" \"My dad isn't holding us back anymore. We can finally do what we want,\" he said with a shrug. Katie just nodded. What Axel did next really shocked her. He was actually hugging her! That's twice in this lifetime. He broke apart. \"Let's get this funeral over with,\" he said with a crooked smile. The ride to the funeral was quiet. When they got their Katie saw Irene dressed in black waiting to comfort her boyfriend. Katie looked around and noticed that Tom and Sarah hadn't arrived yet. \"Katie,\" Sheriff Burke greeted her dressed in his uniform. \"How's Axel doing?\" \"I think he's keeping everything in which we all know isn't healthy but I don't want to push him,\" she told him. \"I don't suppose you have any new leads on Harry?\" He shook his head. \"Sorry, though I wish I did. Ever since word got out about him he's been laying low.\" \"Which makes it harder for you to catch him,\" she said thoughtfully. Sheriff Burke's face tightened. \"What are you thinking, Katie?\" Katie hated this idea but she didn't see any other options. Harry wanted her. \"That I can draw him out,\" she told him. \"No! Absolutely not!\" He said angry. \"How could you even think of a stupid idea like that?\" \"Al this started because he wants me. I can set a trap and end this horrific nightmare for the town,\" she explained her eyes pleading. \"One shot. That's all I'm asking. No one else has to know.' Burke rubbed his forehead as if he had a killer migraine. She could tell he was considering giving in to the idea. \"Damn it, Katie.\" He said dropping his hand. \"I'm supposed to be the one protecting you and the town.\" \"He found me once. He'll do it again. At least this time we can do this on our terms. Not his.\" \"This stays between us. Nobody else,\" he warned her. \"I understand.\" \"Understand what?\" Sarah asked walking up to them with Tom at her side. Katie and Burke looked at each other then back at them. \"That we all need to be there for Axel today,\" Burke her. \"Excuse me but I have to get back to the police station.\" He said leaving the three of them alone. \"I don't buy it. What's really going on, Katie?\" Tom demanded. \"Burke, was just telling me that he hasn't been able to get any leads on Harry,\" Katie said defensively. The three of them heard Irene sniffling as she walked up to them looking like the end of the world. \"Irene, what's wrong?\" Sarah asked sympathetically. Irene choked on a sob. \"Axel, just broke up with me,\" she hiccupped.[Chapter 11] Katie felt horrible for Irene. Even though it may not seemed like it, Irene did care a lot about Axel when deep down Irene knew he was carrying a torch for Sarah. \"I'm so sorry, Irene.\" Katie said giving her friend a hug who was still sobbing. \"Axel isn't in his right mind.\" Irene pulled back and blew her nose on a tissue. \"Who are we kidding? We all know he's had a thing for Sarah! I was too stupid to believe it was true.\" Tom looked at Sarah who looked startled by the information. \"Come on, Sarah. Even you can't be that naïve.\" Tom told his girlfriend. \"Why do you think Axel hates me so much? For kicks?\" \"I don't care what Axel thinks because I'm with you Tom.\" Sarah said and looked at Irene with pleading eyes. \"I swear Irene I had no idea how Axel felt about me.\" Irene sniffled. \"I know. It's not your fault. As horrible as it was I used to tease him that Tom was the love of your life and not him. I was willing to do whatever it took to keep him. I'm so stupid!\" \"No your not,\" Tom said trying to reassure Irene. \"Axel is the one that's stupid. He couldn't see how lucky he had it.\" Katie noticed that Axel was alone and took this opportunity to talk to him. \"I'll see you guys later,\" She said starting off in Axel's direction but Tom grabbed her arm. \"Not so fast. I don't believe what you said back there. What are you and Burke really up to?\" Tom demanded. Katie pulled her arm out of his hold. \"Stay out of it, Tom. Focus on Sarah.\" Katie said walking off. Tom felt something strange go through his body and his face grew hard as he watched her go. Axel's POV I groaned when I saw Katie coming towards me looking angry. I can't deal with anybody's shit right now. My father was murdered for Christ sakes! \"What the hell is wrong with you, Axel?\" Katie fumed. \"I'm thinking that my father was fucking murdered and I can't deal with anybody's shit right now!\" I yelled in her face. \"You of all people should know what it's like to lose a parent!\" Katie glared at me. \"Don't you dare use your father's death to break up with Irene! We both know you were going to break up with her anyways!\" \"Well, something good came out of my father's death. I don't have to deal with that bitch anymore. Back the fuck off Kate! I'm warning you!\" Katie looked hurt and I felt guilty for yelling at her after everything that she had gone through but she needed to back off! \"Screw you, Axel. Sarah's never going to be with you.\" She said storming off. Katie's POV I found myself standing in front of my mother's grave. To tell you the truth I hadn't been here since her funeral. It hurt too much to describe but I needed her more than ever right now. \"Mom, I'm sorry I never saw you until now. I hope you understand why but I promise to come see you more. If it's anything that I learned is life is too short.\" I blinked back the tears that threatened to fall \"To tell you the truth, I can't shake this terrible feeling that I've been having. I don't understand why all these horrible things keeping happening but maybe something good can come out of it. I might be seeing you sooner than I think.\" Tom's POV I drove Sarah back to her parent's house. The ride was silent to say the least. I had dropped her off without saying a word and went to the Sheriff's station to find Burke. I know Katie was planning something and Burke was in on it. I spotted Burke at his desk and walked right up to him. \"What is Katie planning?\" I demanded angry. Burke shot his head up that was buried in paper work. \"I don't know what your talking about.\" I glared at him. \"Yes you do. We both know Katie is planning on doing something reckless and stupid and I know it has to do with Harry Warden!\" \"Keep your voice down Tom!\" Burke hissed and escorted him out back behind the station. \"I'm not thrilled either on what Katie wants to do.\" Tom finally got it. \"She's going to use herself as bait. What the hell is she thinking?\" Burke ran a tired hand through his hair. \"She's not thinking. That's the problem. We can't stop her.\" Tom looked at him determined. \"Yes I can.\" A/N: Another short chapter I know. I've been having terrible writer's block. Thank you for the reviews and for still sticking with the story.[Chapter 12] Katie's POV Night had fallen as I walked terrified through the mines alone. I didn't even bother with a flashlight because I knew that it would make it easier for Harry Warden to find me. Maybe this was a bad idea after all…. I turned the corner and nearly screamed when I felt a hand clamp over my mouth to quiet me. \"It's me,\" I heard Tom hiss. I pulled out of his grasp, hitting his chest. \"What are you trying to do? Give me a freaking heart attack?\" I whispered in a quiet yell. Without answering me I found myself being slung over his right shoulder and felt myself being dragged out of the mines. \"Tom, put me down!\" The only thing that I could see was the ground as Tom carried me out into the dark night. \"What the hell were you thinking?\" Tom yelled angry dropping me hard on my ass. I felt a small rock dig up my ass as I hit the ground hard. \"Ow! That hurt you dick!\" I said rubbing it. \"This is the most dumbest, idiotic thing you have EVER done!\" I got on all fours and climbed back up on my feet. \"What? Confront my attacker? I'm done playing Harry's victim Tom!\" I shouted not caring if Harry Warden heard me. Tom's face grew hard and angry, full of rage reminding me of Harry's. \"Tom? I questioned frightened. I had never seen Tom look like that in all the years that I've known him. Then his expression changed back to the soft caring guy that I known him to be. \"Do you trust me?\" \"Of course I do.\" My heart was pounding hard against my chest. \"I don't think its Harry that's doing the killings.\" \"Tom, that's insane. Who else would it be?\" Tom steered me over to his jeep looking like he dreaded what he was going to say next. \"Axel's not who you think he is, Katie.\" \"Are you even listening to yourself right now? I know Axel!\" Tom's POV I gripped my hold on Katie's shoulder harder than I had intended to. She has to listen! I need someone to listen! \"He's responsible for what's going on!\" Katie tried to move her arm from my grip but I wouldn't let go. \"That's crazy. I live with him!\" Katie protested not believing me. She had to! \"Damn it, Katie! What's it going to take for you to believe me? All of us dead, our bodies in a body bag?\" \"Tom. Tom, you're starting to scare me.\" \"You're the only one that I can trust.\" I admitted. \"What about, Sarah? She's your girlfriend, Tom.\" I shook my head. \"Things haven't been the same with us since the accident. Deep down you even know that.\" I said letting go of her shoulder. Katie rubbed her shoulder where my hand been. I felt bad but I need her. I want her. \"Sarah's my best friend Tom.\" \"I know she is,\" I said placing brushing my thumb against her cheek. \"Truth is Sarah deserves better than me.\" Katie looked at me longing. I knew she wanted me too. The attraction had always been there between us. All my hopes drained away when she shook her head. \"No. Sarah's my best friend, Tom. I won't do that to her and Axel is not the murder!\" She shouted running away from me. \"KATIE!\" Katie's POV I ran as fast as I could away from Tom. My heart was pounding so hard from running, my chest was heaving up and down as I tried to catch my breath. Axel wassn't the murder! He couldn't be! Tom…there was something different about him. That look he had reminded me of Harry Warden… I collapsed out of breath by one of the trees in the woods crying. Was this ever going to end? I was so wrapped up in my own thoughts I didn't even hear my cell phone go off at first. Taking a couple of deep breaths to calm down I looked at the number: It was Axel. He's not the one doing the killings. He's not…. \"Axel?\" I answered my voice shaky. \" Katie? Where are you? Are you okay?\" \"I-I'm in the woods.\" \" Why?\" \"I was taking a hike,\" I said lying to him. If he knew I had been with Tom he would flip a switch. \" I need you to come home.\" I furrowed my eyebrows together surprised that he'd want me home. \"Are you sure? I thought you'd be in hog heaven having the house to yourself.\" \" Katie, I really need to talk to you. Please ,\" he begged me. \"Okay. I'll get home as soon as I can.\" Axel hung up. When I heard the dial tone I turned my phone off and rubbed my hand against my temples. Why do I have a bad feeling about this?[Chapter 13] Axel's POV I sat in the dark in the living room waiting for Katie to get home. I knew by the sound of her voice she had lied to me on the phone. She was with Tom Hanniger! How could she go behind Sarah's back like that? She was supposed to be her best friend! And Katie had the nerve to point out my feelings for Sarah. At least I never sneaked off with her. Everything that's been happening in this town is because of Tom! Harry Warden attacking Katie…. I have no clue why Harry Warden is so obsessed with Katie…. unless it's her connection to Hanniger. I looked up when I heard the front door close. Katie turned on the light. I blinked my eyes trying to get them to adjust to the sudden brightness after sitting in the dark for so long… Katie's POV I swallowed a lump in my throat when I saw Axel's expression. I had never seen him so angry before. Maybe Tom was right. What if it was Axel doing the killings? Axel stood up. \"You lied to me.\" It wasn't a question. \"Didn't I tell you to stay away from Tom?\" \"I didn't know he was going to be there!\" I shouted back. \"Like I'm supposed to believe you? All you've done lately is lie and go behind your best friends back!\" I felt as though Axel had physically slapped me. He actually thought that low of me? \"It wasn't like that! You don't know what your talking about!\" I yelled back hurt. \"No? Why is it every time I turn my back there you two are? Have you even thought about what this is going to do to Sarah wants she finds out? Do you?\" I stormed up to Axel pushing him back down on the couch leering over him. \"You need to get your FACTS straight before you speak!\" With that I ran upstairs to my room slamming my door shut and locking it. I ran both hands through my hair letting out a choked sob. Axel is right though. I do have feelings for my best friend's boyfriend. I should have just let Harry Warden kill me. Tom's POV I never meant to scare her. I needed her to understand. I don't know what's happening to me. Am I going insane? How could I think Axel is the one behind the murders? It's true we despise each other with a passion, but deep down I know he's not capable of murder. \"Tom? You look horrible. What happened?\" I heard Sarah ask concerned. \"I'm sorry, Sarah.\" \"Tom, you don't have anything to be sorry for.\" She said confused. \"Yes I do. More than you know.\" She used her hand making me look at her. \"Please tell me what's going on.\" \"All I can say to you is you deserve so much better.\" Katie's POV I wasn't aware of how much time had passed since Axel and I argued over my relationship with Tom. So, what if we were close? I've know Tom since I was in pigtails. I realized that both Axel and Tom were right. Somewhere between the horrific mine murders and Harry Warden's attack on me, that I did develop feelings for my best friend's boyfriend. Tom had known long before I did, or did he always have feelings for me and just used Sarah as a distraction? Sarah would be devastated if the truth ever came out. I had to talk to Tom first. I would do anything not to hurt my best friend. The absolute worst part was I know Tom hasn't been himself since Harry Warden's blood had been splattered on him. But it's preposterous! There is no way Harry's spirit could have traveled into Tom's body! That kind of thing only happens in horror movies. If people knew what I really thought I'd be locked in the mental ward. I mean 'mental health facility'. A noise that sounded like it had come from Axel's bedroom brought me out of my revere. Axel was probably taking his frustration out on something. Be the bigger person Katie. You are not a little kid anymore. I walked across the hall and stopped when I reached Axel's room. His door was closed and with out a doubt locked. I knocked first, but he didn't answer. \"Axel, can we talk?\" I waited a few seconds before placing my hand on the door knob twisting it finding it unlocked as it opened. His room was pitch dark except for the light from the moon entering through one of his windows. I stepped in and screamed in horror. Irene's lifeless eyes were open wide in terror staring right at me. Her blood was all over Axel's bedroom. What disturbed me more was her chest was ribbed open her heart displayed on her pale chest. I couldn't stop screaming. I didn't even hear Axel speak. \"Oh, my God,\" His voice sounded pained and saddened. I stepped away from him not trusting him. \"How could you do that to her,\" I accused him. Axel's POV What the fuck? Katie couldn't believe I was the one who murdered Irene? \"I didn't kill her!\" I shouted angry and betrayed that Katie would think that I was capable of doing something so horrific. \"She loved you!\" Katie shouted running past me downstairs. I had been downstairs when I heard Katie scream. My first instinct had been that Harry Warden was back to finish his job. I'm so sorry, Irene. Deep in my gut I knew Harry Warden was setting me up for her murder. This is a different twist for him. He takes pride letting the town know he's behind who he murders. I chased after Katie downstairs. When I reached the bottom Sheriff Burke had his gun pointed straight at my chest when I reached the bottom stair. \"Hold it right there, Axel.\" Burke ordered his gun trained on me. He can't possibly think that I- \"Damn it, Burke! You know me! I didn't murder Irene!\" Burke looked like this was the first time he heard the news about Irene. Why the hell was he here then? \"Irene's dead?\" Burke said processing what I told him. \"Why the hell are you here then pointing a gun at me if you didn't know?\" I said angry. \"Your neighbors called the station reporting Katie's screams,\" Burke explained. \"Could you fucking point your gun someplace else then? It's making me nervous.\" I heard Katie crying. What pissed me off more than anything was Hanniger was there on the porch with his arms wrapped around Katie trying to comfort her. \"What the hell is he doing here?\" I demanded. \"Tom was at the station with me when the calls came in,\" Burke told me finally lowering his gun as his back up ran past me upstairs. \"Burke, some twisted sick psycho is setting me up for Irene's murder!\" I glared at Hanniger as he rubbed his hands up and down Katie's back. To anyone else it would have looked as if he was trying to comfort her and calm her down. To me, I knew better. \"Get your hands off my sister!\" Katie and Tom pulled apart looking at me as if I lost my mind. \"Your sister is in pain,\" Tom said calmly, and might I add a little too calm. There was something off about him… I suddenly felt handcuffs placed tight on my wrists. What the hell..? \"Axel Palmer your under arrest for the murder of Irene….\" I closed my eyes as the deputy read me my rights. When I opened them I saw the corner of Tom's mouth turn into a smirk…. A/N: This story will be coming to a close shortly. I know I'm horrible with the updates and making you wonderful readers wait. Thank you for waiting so patiently sticking with this story.[Chapter 14] Down at the police station, Katie felt numb as she sat across from Sheriff Burke's desk in a chair. She felt like she was in a never ending nightmare and that she was never going to wake up. Tom was seated next to her. \"Burke, you know Axel didn't kill Irene,\" Katie protested. After the shock of what happened to Irene slowly began to wear off her, Katie hated herself for ever thinking Axel had it in his blood to murder someone so cruel like that. Tom spoke up from his seat. \"Burke. I agree with Katie. It's no secret that Axel and I despise each other, but I know he's not a cold blooded killer.\" Burke leaned forward from his spot. \"Son, I know Axel's not a murderer. Do you think Axel would defend you if the situations were reversed?\" \"I believe he would. He's a jerk, not a complete jerk.\" \"Burke, you already know Axel's fingerprints are already going to be found all over his room because that's where he sleeps!\" Katie said adamant. Burke leaned back in his seat impressed with Katie. \"Have you ever thought about law enforcement?\" Katie was one tough cookie. Sure she's been traumatized and had it rough but Burke knew she could handle herself. A crooked smile spread on Katie's lips. \"Katie, Axel will be released after forensics. We're following protocol,\" Burke said. \"Protocol sucks.\" Tom remained silent as Burke continued talking. Suddenly he felt as if his body wasn't his own and he gripped the arms on his chair with white knuckles. He wanted to speak but he couldn't command his mouth to form the words. Not so fun is it Tommy? Feeling trapped, scared, helpless, not able to do a damn thing about it,\" Harry Warden's voice thundered in his skull. Tom squeezed his eyes shut trying to block out his voice. This can't be happening! You killed all those people and YOU were the one that attacked sweet innocent Katie. \"Son, are you alright? You look like your going to be sick,\" Burke asked bringing Tom back to reality. Tom remained silent unsure if Harry Warden would let him talk until he felt his mouth move. \"I think I need some air,\" Tom said standing up shaky from his chair. Katie stood up from her chair next followed by Burke. \"Tom? You look white as a ghost.\" Katie said nervous. Tom couldn't even look at her. He avoided eye contact. \"I just need air,\" he said hurrying out of the police station. As soon as he made it outside he puked on the sidewalk until there was nothing left in his stomach. Pedestrians quickly moved away from him as they continued their daily routines. Tom wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his jacket. He couldn't have been the one who hurt Katie. He would have known what he was doing, wouldn't he? If Harry Warden really is inside of him, there's only one thing left to do…. MBV Inside the police station, Katie sat impatiently waiting for Axel's release. \"Katie, go home and get some sleep. Axel won't be release until morning,\" Burke told her. Katie looked at Burke bewildered. \"Morning,\" she repeated. \"No offense Burke, but you know this is horse shit! I'm not going back in that house alone after what happened.\" \"I can have a patrol car parked out front of your house,\" he offered. \"Can I at least see Axel?\" MBV Axel paced back and forth in his cell beyond pissed off. Never in a million years he ever thought he'd be arrested, let alone for murder. He still couldn't believe Irene was dead. The way he acted towards her right before her death… Deep down he knew she deserved better than him. He never wanted to be like his father. Now he was afraid he was slowly becoming him. \"Axel. I'm sorry.\" Axel looked at Katie. Deep down he wanted to hate her for ever thinking he could murder someone. Then again, he knew she had been through hell and back so he decided to let it go. \"You were scared. Forget it.\" \"Burke said you have to stay the night in lock up. Then you can go home in the morning.\" Axel knew this was going to open up a can of worms but he didn't care. As long as he was locked up, he wanted Katie to stay far away from Hanniger as possible. Axel knew there was something eerie about Tom. He couldn't shake the feeling. \"Stay away from Tom tonight.\" \"Axel, you're being unfair.\" \"There is something off about that guy. I don't trust him with you.\" \"Tom would never hurt me.\" She scoffed. \"It's no secret that you want Tom out of the picture so you can have Sarah to yourself. Did you know that he was defending you to Burke saying that you weren't capable of murder?\" Axel gritted his teeth. \"I can't help it if I don't trust that guy! Why is it every time he's around something horrible happens?\" \"It was Harry Warden! Not Tom! This has to stop, Axel. Sarah is never going to leave Tom, so stop making him out to be the bad guy!\" \"This isn't about Sarah!\" Axel yelled trying to get through to Katie. \"You can hate Tom all you want. I don't give a rat ass! Stop trying to make him out to be the killer!\" Axel watched Katie storm off. Could this day get any worse? K atie's POV I walked out of the police station. Raindrops poured down heavy. I looked up at the night sky to see it covered with gray clouds as the rain hit my face. The rain actually felt good after every horrible thing that happened today. The townspeople hurried to take shelter from the rain but I just stood there letting it soak me. At this point I didn't care if I caught a cold from the storm. \"Katie? What are you doing standing out here in the pouring rain?\" I heard Sarah ask me. I looked over at her standing there holding an umbrella to shelter her from the rain. By now my hair and clothes were soaked and sticking to my body. I felt myself shiver lightly. \"I just came from seeing Axel. He has to stay the night at the police station,\" I told her. Sarah looked as though I had grown two heads. \"Why is in there in the first place?\" I studied her face and knew Sarah hadn't heard the news about Irene's death yet. I really didn't want to be the one to tell her but I owed her that much. \"Sarah I don't know how to tell you this but Irene was murdered tonight in Axel's bedroom.\" Sarah looked like she didn't want to believe it. I didn't blame her because I still didn't want to believe it happened either. It's too surreal. \"Harry Warden is killing us all off one by one,\" Sarah said frightened and looking around our surroundings. \"He could be watching us right now. Waiting until each of us are alone to finish us off.\" The sound of thunder crashing made us both jump. It was time to end Harry Warden's reign of terror once and for all. \"Call Tom and tell him to meet us. We need to all stay together. As long as we're together as a group Harry Warden will have a harder time trying to kill us.\" \"I don't think this is going to work.\" \"We stock up on weapons and make him come to us.\"[Chapter 15] \"This isn't going to work, Katie.\" Sarah told me as I finished lighting the last candle in Axel's dad's cabin. I placed the lighter on the old rickety wooden table. \"We're safer if we stay together. Did you call Tom?\" I asked looking at her. \"His phone went straight to voice mail,\" Sarah said. \"I left a message if he even gets it.\" \"He will.\" Sarah wrapped her arms around herself. It was still pouring outside but the thunder and lighting and subsided. \"Maybe Tom would answer his phone if you called him.\" I was shocked by what she said. Did she really think there was something going on between us after everything we have been through? \"Sarah. Your my best friend. I would never do that to you,\" I said sounding hurt because I was that she could even think that low of me. \"I don't know what to believe anymore. I know how close the two of you are.\" \"Tom loves you. When are you going to realize that? I told Axel time and time again that you would never be with him because you and Tom are meant to be. What does that tell you?\" I told her curtly. I walked over to the kitchen counter making sure the guns were locked and loaded, ready for usage. I could feel Sarah's eyes on me. \"Where did you learn how to do that?\" She asked watching me. I handed her a gun. \"I went to the local shooting range shortly after Harry Warden attacked me the first time,\" I said softly. I could tell Sarah felt uncomfortable holding a gun. As I suspected she set it back on the counter. \"I'm sorry, Katie. I know you've been through hell. I'm disgusted with myself for even thinking that anything could be going on with you and Tom.\" Sarah and I both jumped when we heard Tom clear his throat letting us know he was here. \"Tom,\" Sarah went over to him wrapping her arms around him. Tom kept his eyes on me as he wrapped his arms around Sarah. The look he was giving me reminded me of the way Harry Warden would look at me. His eyes held anger with a hint of pure evil in them. It sent chills down my spine. \"I wasn't sure if you got my message,\" Sarah told him. Tom let go of Sarah but made contact with her now. \"Sorry. I needed some time alone to think.\" \"About what?\" \"Sarah, can we not do this right now? We have a blood thirsty psycho killer that wants our ass dead. This is hardly the time for us to be talking about our feelings,\" he told her harshly. Sarah blinked her eyes trying to hold back the tears that threatened to spill. Tom had never talked to her like that before. Not even when they would have a disagreement. They would just stay away from each other until they calmed down so they wouldn't say anything that they would regret later on. She walked over to the old table and sat down on one of the chairs avoiding eye contact with him. He was changing into a complete stranger and she felt like she didn't know him anymore. Something was surely wrong with Tom. \"So,\" Tom clapped his hands together looking around. \"Are we supposed to just sit around and wait for Harry Warden to come ax us off one by one?\" he asked in a smart-ass tone. \"Better than him trying to pick us off one by one when we're alone separately.\" I replied back in the same tone as he used. Tom looked livid for a few seconds before returning normal. \"You do realize there's no stopping him?\" He said walking up to me. \"If he wants us dead, he's going to do it. Look at what happened to Irene for crying out loud!\" \"Tom that's enough!\" Sarah said snapped. Sarah didn't know what was happening to the love of her life and she didn't like it. Not one bit. She stood up, walking over to him. \"I don't know what's gotten into you lately. I don't like it. When you decide to act like the man I fell in love with you know where to find me,\" She said walking towards the front part of the cabin. \"Sarah-\" \"I'll be fine, Katie. Just going to be in the next room,\" Sarah said giving Tom one last look. I watched her walk out of the room. Axel's POV I paced anxiously back and forth in this confining cell. Something terrible was going to happen. I could feel it deep in my gut. I'm a sitting duck in here giving Harry Warden easier access to kill me. Worst of all, giving him easier access to get Katie. I wasn't going to let that happen. Not again. General POV \"Something doesn't feel right,\" said Sarah. Katie looked at her friend. \"I know what you mean.\" \"What are you two talking about? None of this feels right when you have a psychotic killer on your ass,\" Tom said. \"You don't have to sound sarcastic,\" Sarah said hurt. Tom let out a low deep chuckle. \"Guess the cats out of the bag on this one.\" \"Tom?\" \"Tom's not home anymore. He hasn't been for awhile,\" Tom/Harry grinned evilly. He started to circle Sarah and Katie like a hawk would of it's prey before going in for the kill. \"Kate, I'm surprised you didn't listen to that idiot Axel,\" he said picking up a pick ax that the girls failed to notice that was in the darkened room. Sarah and Katie held onto each other never taking their eyes off of him as if in a trance. \"Bad move on your part,\" he smirked. Katie knew this was it. It was now or never. She took a step in front of Sarah. \"You want me. Let Sarah go. She has nothing to do with this.\" Tom/Harry tucked a piece of hair behind Katie's ear making her flinch at his touch. \"Can't do that. I can't have any witnesses alive, now can I?\" \"RUN SARAH!\"[Chapter 16] General POV Katie felt like she couldn't breathe. It was as if her heart completely stopped beating at the sight in front of her. Her mouth felt dry. It was her fault that she put Sarah's life on the line in front of the killer that wanted them all dead. Even after she screamed for Sarah to run, Sarah wouldn't budge. Sarah wasn't going to leave her best friend to die at the hands of a sadistic murderer. She looked at Katie and Katie shook her head. \"Looks like I get to kill two birds with one stone.\" Tom/Harry said in Harry's gruff voice. \"A crazy ass killer makes three!\" The girls screamed as Axel swung a metal baseball bat at Tom/Harry's head connecting with it. Tom/Harry fell down. \"Axel?\" Katie said stunned. Axel hit Tom/Harry again with the bat. \"Bastard!\" He swung again. Blood was forming around Tom's face on the floor as Axel kept hitting his body. \"Axel. Stop! You're going to kill, Tom!\" Sarah cried. \"That isn't Tom anymore!\" Axel shouted. \"It's no secret that I hate that guy. I know he would never kill anyone!\" Katie grabbed the bat from him. Tom/Harry remained still. \"Katie-\" \"I don't know how you got out of jail. Never been more happy to see you,\" Katie said hugging him. Axel dropped the baseball bat, letting it fall on the dirty ground. Axel embraced her hard. \"I broke out. Knocked Burke out when he wasn't looking.\" Katie laughed for the first time since the whole nightmare began. \"I can't believe it.\" Sarah exhaled. \"It's finally over.\" Even though it was finally over, Sarah's heart still ached for Tom. Seeing the love of her life's body like that... \"It is.\" Axel said releasing Katie. Katie rested her head against Axel's shoulder. It was finally over. She couldn't stop the tears. She had kept it in for so long. Now she was free of Harry Warden. She didn't have to live in fear anymore. It was a relief and miracle. Sarah choked back a cry as she bent down and placed a hand on the side of Tom's bruised and bloody face. \"I love you. Always and forever.\" Axel wrapped an arm around Katie. They both stood there watching their friend. Neither of them were prepared for what was about to happen next. Tom's hand shot up gripping Sarah around her throat... THE END A/N : Thank you for your support and sticking with the story. I never expected it to get the amount of reviews it received. I ended it there to leave it to your imagination. Please don't hate me for it. As always, happy reading! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Don't own My Blood Valentine Author's Note: I decided to write one when Harry was still"}]