[{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Incertidumbre","Author":"ValeTanukiChan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11681403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Incertidumbre Seudónimo: Valechan No recuerdo exactamente qué paso después. Hace unos días mi mejor amigo me llamó porque necesitaba hablarme. Al principio no entendí qué era eso tan urgente, pero sus razones y su insistencia me convencieron. Eran cerca de las de las nueve de la noche cuando nos encontramos en el Coffe House a 20 minutos de mi casa. Me llamo Karl Hundgang, tengo 25 años y provengo de una familia alemana muy conservadora pero no neonazi, gracias a Dios. Mi mejor amigo es Bradley Szelsky; lleva en su sangre el recuerdo del Holocausto, la mirada triste de sus abuelos torturados en cámaras de gas y la esperanza de sus padres al ser de los poco niños que sobrevivieron. Nos conocemos desde pequeños. Esta ciudad donde vivimos siempre ha sido pintoresca, aunque a ella poco a poco han llegado las desventuras de este mundo civilizado que comienza a repetir los horrores del pasado: xenofobia. —Hola, Karl; gracias por aceptar reunirte conmigo. —Hola, Bradley; es un gusto volver a verte —dije mientras le estrechaba la mano—. ¿Qué es eso tan urgente que querías contarme? —Karl, sabes que nunca te he mentido y te cuento todo. Hoy he tomado una decisión y no hay marcha atrás. A decir verdad no entendía nada. Su expresión era desconcertante, como si algo grave hubiera pasado. El frío de la noche agitaba mi saco y hacía que me encogiera de hombros. —Veras, Karl, una vez te conté del destino de mis abuelos y de tantos judíos condenados por la simple razón de ser eso: judíos —expresó Bradley con los ojos húmedos, quizás por el viento al chocar contra su rostro—. Creo que ya es tiempo de cambiar la historia familiar. —No entiendo, ¿qué cosas dices? —Volvamos al pasado, a Auschwitz. ¡Salvemos a mis abuelos! Las palabras de Bradley me parecían lo más absurdo que le había escuchado en años. ¿Viajar al pasado? Creo que sus ideas se escapaban de una película de ciencia ficción, pero tanta era la pasión con que se expresaba que hasta dudé de que fuera cierto. —Bradley, no entiendo a dónde se dirige todo esto. ¿Qué es lo que me quieres decir? —No hay tiempo, Karl; acompáñame. —¿A dónde vamos a estas horas Bradley? —manifesté aún más confundido. En verdad quería creerle a mi amigo todo eso de viajar al pasado, rescatar a sus abuelos… y es que cuando miramos nuestra historia y aprendemos de ella, el amanecer trae un brillo de tranquilidad. Si en verdad pudiéramos cruzar las alambradas de Auschwitz no sería solo a sus abuelos a quienes liberaríamos. Construiríamos un mundo de oportunidades para aquellos que vivieron en la desesperanza. —Ya es hora de partir —dijo Bradley sujetándose al transportador—; no hay marcha atrás, mi amigo. —Me aseguras que nada de esto es ilegal, verdad. —¿Confías en mí; confías en tu amigo judío? Recuero haber sentido náuseas, pero cuando la sensación acabó yo estaba dentro del campo de concentración, todo uniformado como un fiel seguidor del Hitler. Ahora sentía mayores náuseas. Un grupo de judíos y otros que por deformidad no se ajustaban a los parámetros de mi raza caminaban como animales al matadero. ¿Qué raza?, qué idea tan absurda la de los fascistas, si ante los ojos de Dios todos somos uno mismo. —Karl, Karl… —gritaba Bradley escondido tras unos escombros—. Allí están mis abuelos, son aquellos. No dejes que caminen hacia las cámaras de gas. ¡Sálvalos! Gritos, súplicas, llantos… la lluvia sobre sus cabezas, los ladridos de perros queriendo comer carne humana y la voz del coronel que repetía una y otra vez: «Ein Reich, ein Folk, ein Führer» me aturdían sin saber qué hacer. Yo era un militar alemán, un fascista corrompido por la xenofobia, un ser inhumano que tenía que cumplir con su labor; pero dentro de mí quería escaparse ese joven pacifista, llenos de sueños comunes, dador de amor y esperanzas. «¿Ser o no ser?», bien dijo Shakespeare. —Ustedes dos, deténgase ahí —expresé con firmeza y empuñando el arma. —No avances ni un paso más. Los abuelos de Bradley temblaban de temor y de frío. Sus rostros pedían a gritos piedad y sus cuerpos, enclenques, daban lástima. Yo aún me debatía en la incertidumbre de salvarlos o no. Dentro de mí algo quería abrazarlos y salir corriendo, pero la voz del coronel me impedía actuar. —¡Sálvalos, Karl, son mis abuelos! A eso vinimos. ¡Sálvate tú también! No recuerdo qué pasó exactamente aquella noche. Los abuelos de Bradley corrías despavoridos hacia la alambrada donde les esperaba su nieto. Las suplicas de los judíos masacrados, el olor a carne quemada, la desesperación por ese instante tan tortuoso paralizó mi cuerpo. Un fuerte golpe en mi cien por el cañón del revólver del coronel me dejó tendido en el lodo. Aún conservaba el sabor a café en mis labios. Quizás fue lo único que logré recordar. ","Summary":" Incertidumbre Seudónimo: Valechan No recuerdo exactamente qué paso después. Hace unos días mi mejor"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Can't Understand","Author":"Kat Bee Dee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5605142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Can't Understand Summary: Post-Movie. Bruno's parents' POV. Neither Elsa, nor Rupert, could come to terms with each other. Oneshot. Disclaimer: I own none of the plot, characters, or ideas for The Boy in the Striped Pajama . All rights belong to their original owners. Author's Note: Well, gee. I saw The Boy in the Striped Pajamas a few weeks ago for the first time when it was on TV. I had not read the book, but I had heard nothing but wonderful things about it and thought I might give the movie a shot. Simple to say, when the movie was over I was bawling my eyes out. I covered the corner of my blanket with mascara! Anyway, I was extremely fascinated with Bruno's mother—portrayed marvelously by Vera Farmiga!—and had been wanting to create some kind of tribute to that character ever since. Hence forth, I came up with the idea for this fanfic. The way it is written is a little confusing to the reader if it is not preceded with an explanation, so I hope everyone reads this author's note! The story switches back and forth between Bruno's father and Bruno's mother. Each separate paragraph is a switch of point of view. This may be confusing, but I hope it's not too confusing! Hope you enjoy! (I have decided to label the parts, though I think it takes away from the experience…=P Oh well, hopefully it doesn't completely ruin it!) Elsa: Why? Why did it have to end that way? He was my little boy… Ralf: Why? Why did it have to happen to him ? He was just a child… Ralf: He was just a little boy! Elsa: He was just a little boy! Ralf: Elsa doesn't understand. She cannot understand. He was my son, yes, but things happen. It has been over three months now, and she still hasn't gotten out of bed. Not even her hatred of me can motivate her enough to get up and get away anymore. Of course, I find it all so vile that I sleep in the guest room now. Elsa: Bruno… Oh, my Bruno. I love him so. It seems only yesterday I held him in my arms. I knew, even before he was born, that he would be mine. Only mine. Nothing could take him away from me. Gretel is different…she always has been. She has been her father's daughter since the day she was born. I do love her, as any mother should. But Bruno… Bruno was mine . Ralf: The woman whom I once loved? She is not the same. My career has torn us apart. She cannot and will not accept the truth about those filthy vermin. Now, this . For awhile, it seemed that the enemy that the only thing holding us together at all was the children. Oh-ho, how wrong I was! We weren't being held together at all. However, the shattered pieces of her were being held together. By Bruno. He was the only thing keeping her from pitching over the edge; delving completely into the depths of despair. Without him, it's as though the last thread of self that she possessed has been whisked away in a passing gust of wind. Elsa: Gretel is horrible. Since…what happened , she has been more like a soldier herself than ever before. If she were allowed, she would go off into the camp to slay those people herself. She blames them, as does her father. As for myself? I blame him . Ralf: And what about Gretel? Elsa has practically disowned her! I always knew that she favored Bruno, but she never did so much as to make this apparent to the children! Now? Not only has Gretel lost her only sibling, but she's as good as lost her mother as well. Elsa: I've always known he favored Gretel, this wasn't a question. But I never thought so much as to foresee how dangerous this was. His affections on the child have all but driven her away from me. He acts as though I am the perpetrator. As if I could ever imagine my own child despising me in such a way! And why? Because he despised me first. Ralf: She acts as though I killed him. My own son! She may not accept it, but I did care for him. It wasn't me. As if I could ever imagine killing my own child! And why is the child gone? Because those animals were stupid enough to mistake my boy—an Aryan!—for a filthy Jew! Elsa: So why him? Why my Bruno? Ralf: Why my son? Elsa: This shouldn't have happened. Ralf: There is no way this should have happened. Elsa: And all these feelings just fester inside because-- Ralf: And I suppose these feelings ebb at my mind because-- Elsa: I loved him, and that's just something he can't understand. Ralf: I loved him, and that's just something she can't understand. ","Summary":" Title: Can't Understand Summary: Post-Movie. Bruno's parents' POV. Neither Elsa, nor Rupert, could "},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Defiance","Author":"Neko Hoshi Hime Okami","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7082491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Defiance For the first time, I was watching The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and this came into my mind. So I hope you like it, I don't own the book or movie. \"Do you know this Jew?\" The young soldier screamed at Bruno with that fiery gaze that could kill him if he could do so. \"Yes!\" Bruno screamed back, seeing that the mistreatment of his friend was wrong, like the dinner interruption by the same soldier. \"Are you friends with this Jew?\" He hissed with acid as if it was taboo to speak of the word or religion that the Nazi's hated. \"Yes, if you don't like it. Then I don't care.\" Bruno spoke back with his own glare in his blue eyes. How he could stand the older man was beyond him. He hated him now for the mistreatment that was going on to the religious group that was apparently the cause of all the Germans' problems. \"How dare you speak and befriend a being like him? He's not even human!\" \"I don't care about what you think of him. It's my view and if you don't like it, then get away!\" Bruno screamed, looking at his friend with a quick glance. He was defying people that could beat him for it but he wanted to protect his Jewish friend. It's short but it works. I hope you like my first attempt. Please review. ","Summary":" Defiance For the first time, I was watching The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and this came into my mi"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"All Greeced Up !","Author":"cameraclick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8291458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shmuel was in Berlin, trying to dig a hole to China, as lots of little boys do. He was having a contest with his best friend, Bruno, to see who could get there first. Shmuel had been digging for almost six months now. He felt he might be getting close to China when… All of a sudden, he felt himself falling deeper and deeper and then he saw the sky, before crashing into a cart of mangoes. He was then covered in sticky, sweet juice. He began licking his arms and legs to taste the new and delicious flavors, before realizing that he was being watched. \"Who are these FREAKS!\" he thought! Somebody watching made a weird noise, a mixture of shock and happiness. A cute little boy! Suddenly realizing where he was, he jumped out of the cart, and his butt was drenched in juice; the mangoes were squished and mushy. Shmuel was really embarrassed that people might think he peed himself in public, especially around these strange people. Shmuel suddenly felt alone when the man that had made a funny noise approached him. \"Oh no! A pedophile is coming to get me!\" Although he was only ten years old, Shmuel had already been quite familiar with the terminology of these people, from stranger danger classes at school. Panic set in and Shmuel stood like a lazy lump in the market-which was apparently called an Agora. Right when he thought he was going to die or be abducted, the man smiled and spoke. \"Hi! I'm Pythagoras! Perry Pythagoras! I'm obsessed with math! I even have a theorem named after me!\" \"Uh… what's a theorem?\" \"Ah! I just fiddle around with right triangles!\" \"Oh… I'm Shmuel. And I'm from Poland, but I now live in Berlin, I was digging to China, am I in China? \"No boy! You're in Athens, Greece, boy! China is 7629km from here! You're way off boy! Now where are ye' parents at?\" \"Um, they are dead. They died in the Holocaust\". \"The what?\" \"Oh, you don't know what the Holocaust is?\" \"Nope, boy!\" \"Never mind!\" Shmuel's parents were killed in the Holocaust. Shmuel and Bruno had escaped the camp by grabbing an army tank and hijacking it and smashing down the gate. Bruno's mom and sister stopped the boys, but drove them to safety. Shmuel was wondering where \"Buddy Ol' Bruno\" was and if he was ok. \"You're coming home to my family\" Shmuel did not want to go home with this creepy old guy that talked about triangles nonstop. But, he did what he was told and took the creep's hand as he led him down the streets of Athens. They arrived at Pythagoras' house a few minutes later. It was a decent looking place, with sunny lemon yellow exterior, hefty windows on the top floor, and vines of roses wrapping around the balcony. Shmuel was surprised. He was expecting a dump. \"Come on in boy! You can meet my wife and family!\" Shmuel had absolutely no clue what to expect. He had an older brother before the Holocaust, who was also presumed to be dead. They had gotten along until the move to the camp, and they had often fought. Now that he was dead, Shmuel often missed his company. He had Bruno and Gretel, but it just wasn't the same. When Shmuel walked into the house, he was even more surprised by the woman standing at the sink, making a sandwich. She was a willowy woman, with blonde hair, and sparkling blue eyes. She did not look like anyone that he had seen at the market. The majority of the people he had seen were scrawny and filthy, although there were a few he had seen that were toned and well dressed. She turned around, smiled and told him that her name was Adela. Pythagoras went to wash himself off, while Shmuel stood awkwardly by the sink, staring at Adela, as she made another sandwich. She invited him to sit down at the table and wait for supper, or to walk around and look at the house. He opted to explore, which was an activity he and Bruno had done many times together. He was walking through what looked to be the living room, when he stumbled across many pictures of nude men. Shmuel was quite shocked; no one back home hung naked pictures on their walls. In each picture, there was the same guy. Too disturbed to explore the rest of the house, Shmuel went back to the kitchen. When he returned, he was somewhat surprised to see that Adela was for once, not making a sandwich. He had only been in the house for a half hour, and already had the feeling she didn't do much. He took a seat at the table, and decided he'd ask her a question, but before he could, she spoke. \"You must be a friend of Andreas\" \"Andreas? Who is Andreas? Please don't tell me I'm at HER house\" cried Shmuel in his brain. He sat next to a girl named ANDREA in his history class, and hated it. She was quite rude to everyone, especially to Shmuel. She often picked on him in front of everyone, especially Scarlet, the girl Shmuel was madly in love with. Andrea liked to make fun of Shmuel's lack of hair and teeth, \"something you'll never have\", he was told by his dentist and doctor. Shmuel was quite sensitive to those jokes, and now he was dreading the fact that he may be in side that snot's house. \"Uh, I don't think I know any Andreas?\" Shmuel said shyly, afraid of admitting he hated the girl, in case this was her house, although he didn't think her last name was Pythagoras. \"Oh! Well, are you a friend of Cyrus or Deacon?\" Shmuel was certain he was not in Andrea's house now; she was an only child, and awfully spoiled for that reason. \"No, I have no clue who you are talking about\". \"Well, why are you here then?\" \"You see, I was digging to China and I guess I fell here instead… In Athens. That creepy old man that came into this house picked me up and brought me in, after I fell into a cart of mangoes.\" \"Oh! My husband! He's a good man, a real good man, not a creepy thing about him!\" Shmuel did not regret calling the man a creep, as Adela continued to nag about her husband. When he snapped back to attention, he noticed three boys standing near him, looking at him, with large eyes. He assumed they must've been Andreas, Cyrus and Deacon, the kids Adela mentioned, probably her sons. Shmuel felt relief that he was not at Andrea's house, but still slightly nervous about this man. Pythagoras returned, looking washed and smelling juicy…almost like a mango. \"Hey boys, this is Shmuel, and he's going to stay here for the night, while we try and find his family! Ok boys?\" The boys solemnly agreed, and Shmuel had already taken a dislike to them. They didn't seem like the type that would want to explore. The other boys sat down and continued to stare at Shmuel, who was starting to question if they were just fascinated with him, or were idolizing him. Shmuel felt a little uncomfortable as he shifted in his seat, especially when Pythagoras decided to start grinning at him, without blinking an eye. \"They really are freaks\" he thought, as he realized he was late for dinner back home, and surely they were wondering where he had buggered off to. Just as he was supposed to say he had to go home, Adela brought the sandwiches to the table. \"Mooooooom! I'm so tired of sandwiches!\" whined one of the boys. \"Shut up Deacon; eat what is put in front of you!\" \"Yes Deacon, you're mother worked hard making that sandwich for you, she was in the kitchen all day preparing supper, while I was at a wrestling match\" \"I'm always in the kitchen all day\" mumbled Adela. Her husband chose to ignore her comment, as he gazed at Shmuel, eating his asparagus and octopus sandwich. He didn't really like the taste, he found it too salty and eating asparagus reminded him of a fact he learned in class the year before; eating asparagus makes your pee smell funny. The taste of the mangos still lingered and when no one was looking, he began to lock his arms again, savoring every bit of the stickiness he could. Pythagoras told Shmuel that he had to wake up at the crack of dawn tomorrow. \"You're going with us tomorrow into the village, to start your wrestling training!\" Shmuel just nodded his head, as the day had started to wear down on him. He was tired and confused and missing Bruno, and even Gretel, who was like an older Andrea, with the beauty of a Scarlet. Shmuel awoke the next morning, after having a series of nightmares. He went downstairs, to find Pythagoras and the boys, naked in the kitchen, each eating a plum and tuna sandwich. \"Pytee\" (as he began to call Pythagoras, because the name was too long), was going to take Shmuel somewhere \"special\" today. Shmuel didn't really want to know where this \"special\" place was, or what it was. \"Morning boy! We're off to town to practice our wrestling for the Olympics!\" When Pytee said \"Olympics\", he felt relieved. Watching the Olympics was one of his favorite things to do when they were on. He loved almost any sport. When the boys got to the arena to practice, a tall man with bulky muscles grabbed Shmuel's pajamas and ripped them off of him. Being a shy boy, he didn't say much, but he did look around, to see that every other boy around was also naked, but that didn't make him feel any better. In class, they had learned about ancient Greece, and about their sports, but he must've missed the class where they learned that their sports were done naked. He felt extremely awkward being naked in front of strangers; he felt strange around almost anyone now, ever since the war. The arena was packed with people, making Shmuel feeling even more awkward, being the shy boy he is. \"Pytee, how many people are in here?\" \"Well boy, I don't know how many people are in this arena, but I do know that there's about 140 000 people in the city in total!\" Shmuel had never been in such a large community (he didn't exactly count the camp as a community, because most people died anyway, it was just a miracle he had managed to escape). He was called over to the side, where he was put in a lineup with little seven year old boys that were apparently \"beginner wrestlers\". \"Gotta start your career at some point\" said an older man, who patted his shoulder, a little too affectionately. A few minutes later, Shmuel was brought into the ring, to face off against a younger boy named Leon. Leon lunged forward to grab Shmuel, and all Shmuel thought to do, was to kick Leon square in the face. Leon cried with pain and fell over. Shmuel could've kicked in places that would hurt more, but because he was the new kid, he chose not to. All this naked wrestling stuff was making him want to get back to Berlin even more. \"Surely there's a plot back home to find me\", he thought, out of depression. He had another night of bad sleep. He was getting genuinely homesick, and was contemplating an escape back to Berlin. He had been digging to China, when he fell through his hole and into that cart of mangoes. \"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm\" he thought, desiring something that tasted better than today's plum and tuna sandwich. The smell of tuna made him absolutely revolted, and he had a hard time keeping the sandwich down, especially after Adela said something about \"a special ingredient\" that morning. He thought about getting a map and walking back, but he remembered that it was a very far distance; something like 7000km. Shmuel couldn't even count to 7000, let alone 100. He was supposed to be starting school in a couple of days, and he was dreading it. School in Berlin was already a struggle for him, and he had little to no friends there, let alone he would be the new boy here. He detested learning how to write and stuff; the only relief was that there was not much emphasis on math. Suddenly, he awoke, on the bedroom floor; the bedroom in Berlin. He was extremely confused. Was he dreaming, or was he hallucinating, or what? \"Shmuel, Shmuel, are you alright darling! That was a loud thud you made!\" \"Why am I in my room? I thought I was in Athens, standing in front of creepy old men, naked!\" \"No! You've been sleeping for two days straight; I put you to bed because your temperature was high! You kept mumbling about creeps and mangoes and digging every time I came to check on you! Bruno is very excited to finishing digging the hole with you!\" Shmuel didn't feel like digging any holes for a while. He was still a little dazed from his dream, but extremely comforted to be in his bed, with Bruno, Gretel and Mother, and not some creepy naked family. For once in his depressing, short life, he was relieved to be sick and not abducted. ","Summary":" Shmuel was in Berlin, trying to dig a hole to China, as lots of little boys do. He was having a con"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Jude","Author":"Krymzen Skye Woolstenhume","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9122597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kitchen 2 ","Summary":" Kitchen 2"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"An Untold story","Author":"kittenboyandhisbowties","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8170159","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: right, well... on my profile thinger, I rambled about a paper that I had to write for American History about the Holocaust. As I had stated, it was essentially supposed to be an essay, but I chose to write a short story of sorts... you might think it's awful, I want to know. ... at the bottom of the page I have my works cited info... like an awkward little nerd... I hope you kind of enjoy this :) \" Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart\"- Anne Frank As Americans, we often take things for granted. Sometimes we don't know we are doing it, but then suddenly, we're standing head on against the storms of racism and segregation. We often don't realize what we have until it is gone. We have nothing on the people forced into concentration camps. We think the world will end if our car doesn't start on a cold winter morning, or, heaven forbid, we don't get that promotion we've been wanting. Do we ever think of those who suffer more than us? Those who went, and still go, to bed hungry, cold, and scared out of their minds? In this paper, I've decided to take a different approach in writing about the Holocaust. I don't have the first hand experience, and I hope I never will, but I will try my best to create a tale documenting the life of a young Jewish girl forced into Auschwitz, a concentration camp based in Poland. The young girl never did understand why her parents suddenly became such sticklers for the rules. Her brother and she were suddenly not allowed to leave their house without their parents, their friends started to ignore them, and they were forced to wear gold stars on all of their clothes. The girl's father lost his job, she and her brother lost their bikes, but most importantly, the family lost their freedom. Then, in the middle of March, 1944, the girl's father woke her in the dead of night. \" Wir müssen gehen , die Tochter . \" He said. \"Put on as much clothing as possible.\" The girl did as she was told, pulling layer after layer of clothing onto her body. She met her parents and brother in the kitchen. There was a man there, he was going to take them to the safe house, her mother informed her. The girl didn't understand why they had to leave during the night. The journey to the safe house was interupted. There were bangs and shouts from men in uniforms. The next thing the girl new she was being shoved onto a tight, cramped cattle car. The smell of urine, vomit, and feces was prominant, but the fear was even greater. Men, women, and children, packed into a car like sardines, sitting curled up, covered in their own waste. There were gun shots being fired outside. The girl was scared, but she didn't want to show it. She had grown up believing that showing fear was a weakness. She sat on the car floor with her knees pulled up close, eyes closed, saying a prayer. They traveled for what seemed like days, when the train finally came to a stop. They were told to exit the car and hand over all valuables, clothing and jewelry alike. The girl did as she was told, but watched as a young woman, refusing to remove her wedding band, was gunned down on the spot. Wincing and closing her eyes, she hurried over to her brother and grabbed his hand tight. \"Seperate the men, children go with women.\" The people were told. When nobody moved, the shots started firing again. The girl scurried over to the line of people. The group was marched up and down a broad avenue for four or five hours between posts of barbed wire with a huge sign, EXTREME DANGER, HIGH VOLTAGE ELECTRICAL WIRES. Glancing around, the girl took a deep breath, trying to calm down. There was no way she could escape, even if the fences weren't electric. Escaping would mean abandoning her family—her brother, her father, and her mother. Eventually, the group stopped in front of a building. The girl soon found out it was a sleeping bunk. She didn't think she'd get much sleep. As it was, she went to the bed the soldier told her would 'belong' to her for the duration of her stay. Terrified of the man, the girl complied, scurrying to the bed. Minutes later a boy was at the bed next to hers. He introduced himself as Rudy. She listened to the boy's quiet tale of his journey. \" In March or April, 1944, we got the dreaded notice that we had been selected for resettlement farther east. The train cars they took us in were actually cattle cars. We entered the cars and sat on our baggage. There was not very much room between us and the roof of the cattle car. Our car had from 80 to 100 people in it so it was quite crowded. We were sifting tight on tight. We had some water and some food but no comfort whatsoever. The cars were sealed. We could not open them from the inside. The windows were small, open rectangles. Perhaps we could have jumped off the train and run into the countryside, but we did not know if anyone on the outside would help us. We thought most civilians would probably turn us in. We could not speak the Czech language. It seemed better to go along with the SS and do what they wanted. By that time the war had been going on four or five years. We thought the end might be in sight and we would be liberated.\" It seemed as though the boy didn't know what month or year it was. \"It's March.\" The girl said quietly. Days passed, and the girl quickly fell into an unfortunate routine. Each morning she was given a metal cup and spoon, two slices of bread with the occasional margarine, coffee consisting of ground up toasted acorns, then, the counting of the prisoners. People were arranged in groups of five with small distances between them The SS trooper would count 5 . If he messed up, he would start again. Sometimes, it went on for hours. At midday, the meal consisted of potato soup with maybe a little meat. People were beginning to starve. Evenings, the girl was given a slice of bread. Just a slice of bread. The girl didn't realize that the camp was an extermination camp, or that people were being put to death daily. She did know that there was always this sickly sweet scent in the air. There was a large chimney billowing smoke 24 hours a day. Rudy and his brother had a hidden book; they read it constantly, memorizing the content. The girl and her brother had a deck of cards that they played GO FISH with. Auschwitz was a barren waste land. No living thing could possibly survive there. But somehow, the girl did. One day, it was announced that the girl's brother would be moved. Her father had already passed, 27 days after that first one—gunshot to the head for disobeying. The girl was starting fall ill. She was weak and could barely move. Her head constantly felt heavy and her stomach screamed for attention. She traced the numbers tattooed on her arm with distaste. She hated the Nazi soldiers. She hated her mother for allowing her brother to be taken away—she'd heard that he had tried to escape, but was gunned down 15 feet outside of German territory. But, most of all, the girl hated herself for thinking the way she was thinking. Then, on August 17th, the girl was told she would be allowed to shower. She followed the line of sickly looking people, not looking around. When she got into the shower room she was told to take off her clothes. She did as told with great difficulty. Slowly, the showers turned on, but water wasn't coming out. The girl started to panic, her breath fast and erratic. She started to see stars and heard screaming, and then, a bright light before everything went dark. The girl never regained consciousness, dying the same way many before her had. Her body to be burned and ashes mixed with so many others. Many people try hard to understand what it was like to be a survivor of the concentration camp times, but it's honestly impossible . I tried as best as I could, but writing about it and living it are two completely different things. Those who died, and those who may still be alive today, suffered greatly, many of them probably still suffer. I don't think we give those people enough recognition. It took great courage to last even a day at one of those camps. The next time you complain about your mom making you 'take out the trash' think of the children who died because to someone else, they were the trash. WORKS CITED: Holocaust Memorial, D.. \"Life in the camps.\" Speak Up, Speak Out . Speak Up, SpeakOut, 2012. Web. 19 Apr 2012. .uk/genocides/the-holocaust/life-in-the-camps. \"See a Camp.\" Oracle ThinkQuest . N.p., n.d. Web. 19 Apr 2012. 12663/camps/. \"Holocaust Survivors.\" /auschwitz_ . NatureQuest Publications, Inc., 2011. Web. 19 Apr 2012. Lowry, Lois. Number the Stars . 1989. 138. Print. Wiesel, Elie. Night . New York: Bantam , 1960. Translation: Wir müssen gehen , die Tochter.- we need to go, daughter Quotations: Rudy's story: thinkquest Anne Frank Quote at the beginning: Diary of Anne Frank The question now is, could this happen again? I try to believe the way Anne Frank did, but sadly I know that there are some truely evil people out there. I like to think that we would be able to stop it before it gets as out of hand as the Holocaust did, but I know truthfully, we probably would'nt interfere unless we were in danger. It's wrong, and it's dispicable, but it's the way things work. As much as we try, people are still going to be prejudiced and are going to single out and hunt down those they think are beneath them. In my research I learned that some Jews weren't forced into hiding, nor were they forced into camps. Okay, fine, but they were forced to betray their own people to accomplish this. I don't believe in that. A/N: Well, that was a bit depressing... to write... I have a strange desire to kill off my characters.. I don't know why... I hope you liked it... It's my birthday tomorrow... reviews as a gift? :) ","Summary":" A/N: right, well... on my profile thinger, I rambled about a paper that I had to write for American"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Heavy in Your Arms","Author":"Twipi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6221999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own the Boy in the Striped Pyjamas or the song \"Heavy in Your Arms\" or Florence + The Machine. ALSO These technically aren't all the songs lyrics. It's a somewhat repetitive song, so I took out some of the repeats. So look up the whole song! It's really good! Heavy In Your Arms I was a heavy heart to carry My beloved was weighed down My arms around his neck My fingers laced to crown. Ralf couldn't take it. He caused his son's death. He pushed him away And he ran into chaos. He could be considered the murderer. He was the brainwashing voice Behind his son's actions. I was a heavy heart to carry My feet dragged across ground And he took me to the river Where he slowly let me drown Bruno didn't miss his father. His father was the one who made him meet Schmuel. Not that he didn't treasure the friendship. But neither of them would be dead if it hadn't happened. My love has concrete feet My love's an iron ball Wrapped around your ankles Over the waterfall Schmuel cared for Bruno. He trusted him. He said they would save his father. But they were lead to their death. How could he trust again? I'm so heavy, heavy Heavy in your arms I'm so heavy, heavy Heavy in your arms Elsa wish she hadn't married the monster. The monster that killed her son. The one who went with the wrong side. The one who killed children. The one who didn't understand the truth. And is it worth the wait All this killing time? Are you strong enough to stand Protecting both your heart and mine? Gretel wasn't sure if her mother could take it anymore. Because Elsa was too busy trying to heal Gretel and herself. Should she just move out and save her mother this pain? After all, she was old enough, and her only brother had died. Who is the betrayer? Who's the killer in the crowd? The one who creeps in corridors And doesn't make a sound But the real problem was the mindsets. The thought of superiority. The silent racism that killed innocent people. Was there one true murderer in this case? Who was to blame For many's mistakes? My love has concrete feet My love's an iron ball Wrapped around your ankles Over the waterfall Shmuel wanted to be alive again. To be out of the camp, and free with Bruno. They could be friends again. But they couldn't go back in time. And fix the fact that they were naive. I'm so heavy, heavy Heavy in your arms I'm so heavy, heavy So heavy in your arms Elsa couldn't take the pressure anymore. She didn't know how to handle it. So she blamed it on everything she could. And she was smothered with it. This will be my last confession I love you never felt like any blessing Whispering like it's a secret Only to condemn the one who hears it With a heavy heart So she told her husband how she felt. She grabbed Gretel and they packed their things. They left their home, and started again. But one person was missing. And that poor boy would never be back. I was a heavy heart to carry my beloved was weighed down My arms around his neck My fingers laced to crown Ralf knew he lost everything. Because he caused his son's death. He caused the endless fall of his future. And now he had nothing. I was a heavy heart to carry But he never let me down When he had me in his arms My feet never touched the ground Bruno still had Shmuel in Heaven. He would be okay. But everyone he left. Their lives would never be the same. I hope you enjoyed it! It's kind of sad, but it's my first Boy in the Striped Pyjamas fic. It will probably be my only one, too, but this was interesting to write! R&R;! Love, Twipi :D (oh, and check out the poll on my profile! Vote for your fave story of mine! It would make me very happy!) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own the Boy in the Striped Pyjamas or the song \"Heavy in Your Arms\" or Floren"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Misunderstanding","Author":"JustDanny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5261627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: nothing's mine. If I could, I'd steal it, and earn lots of money, but I can't. Sorry. (Based on the film, not the book) A/N: edited. Not a great work, but I didn't want to change it that much -it's short and simple, and I don't want to rewrite it all, so it has to be like this. It wasn't easy for him. Couldn't she understand it? It wasn't easy, or funny; no, it was painful, sore, but so necessary. And Ralf didn't know how to explain it, how to tell Elsa ( lovely, magic, little Elsa ) that he didn't want it, too, but he had to do it, cause it was necessary , and the Great Germany needed it. And he only looked at his wife eyes, full of tears and disappointment, and smoked, and contained his breath. Elsa was crying, and Bruno pushed the door, and he felt like he was going down, going… going nowhere. He tried to hug the woman; she shouted ( killer, murderer, I hate you! ) and hit him. And he only could stay there, in his studio, when she went out, pathetic, surrendered, lost; a funny picture, he would have thought, had he been able to think anything. Danny ","Summary":" Disclaimer: nothing's mine. If I could, I'd steal it, and earn lots of money, but I can't. Sorry. ("},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"A Shift In Reality","Author":"LokiSon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9199031","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Boy in the Sriped Pajamas. This is just a common fanfiction based off the 2008 film. Also please note that the first two paragraphs are taken directly from the film itself and I do not claim to have written them. They were simply needed to get where I wanted to go. Bruno sighed as he followed Schmuel through the camp. He had realized before that the propaganda film he had seen before had been a lie. It didn't make sense to the eight year old boy, he didn't understand. But the young German couldn't worry about that just now; he had to help his friend. \"Schmuel, can we go to the café or something?\" He asked and looked at his friend. \"Café?\" Schmuel asked confused. Bruno looked at him as his stomach growled. He hadn't eaten lunch yet. \"Maybe I should go home….\" He said and looked at Schmuel with worry. \"What about Papa?\" The young Jew asked. Bruno sighed and looked down. \"I have to go home….\" He said in a worried tone and looked at him. He wanted to help his friend but something didn't feel right. Schmuel sighed. \"I understand….\" He said and led Bruno back toward the fence. \"YOU TWO! STOP RIGHT THERE!\" Bruno and Schmuel both stopped and turned to see one of the soldiers heading toward them. \"Come here!\" The soldier snapped. Bruno winced at the fierceness in the man's voice. Instantly he took off his cap. \"I want to go home….\" He said in a worried tone, tears forming in his eyes. The soldier recognized him and knelt down beside him. \"What are you doing here? And dressed like that?\" He asked calmly shoving Schmuel away. \"You corrupted him didn't you?!\" He asked the young Jew angrily. \"DIDN'T YOU?!\" He snapped when Schmuel didn't answer. With a growl, the soldier knocked the boys' feet from under him and kicked him in the ribs. \"Stop! Stop, stop!\" Bruno cried out, the tears sliding. \"I just wa-wanted to see wha-what the camp was like….\" Bruno told him and looked at Schmuel. \"He's my friend….\" He told the Nazi. The soldier stopped. He knew Bruno didn't understand. \"He's not a friend….\" He said looking at Schmuel who was scared and shivering. \"He is a friend and he's good. If you took the time to get to know them you'd know….\" Bruno choked out and shivered as well. The soldier sighed. \"Come along son, let's get you home….\" He said to Bruno pushing Schmuel down then picked Bruno up. The young boy squirmed and tried to get away as he heard his father call the soldiers to open the gates. \"That's my father, let me go! Put me down!\" He said and squirmed as the soldier held onto him. \"Herr Kommandant!\" The soldier called carrying Bruno. Ralf turned and looked at the soldier calling his name. \"Bruno! Bruno what are you doing? Why are you dressed like that?!\" He asked pulling his son from the soldiers grip and hugged Bruno in his arms. Bruno sighed and looked at his father as he clung to him, tears streaming down his face. \"Dad I saw the film. You said it was a nice place. You didn't tell the truth….\" Bruno said to his father who hugged him close and carried him out of the camp. \"I'm sorry, but I had to keep it secret. Do you understand?\" Ralf asked as he carried his son out of the camp. Bruno shook his head. \"I don't understand why don't this look like the film?\" The young boy asked his father. Schmuel watched and sighed as his only friend disappeared. \"Dad please don't let them hurt Schmuel, please? He's my only friend….\" Bruno asked and looked at his father waiting for him to reply as he was set down. \"Dad please?\" He asked and looked up at him with tears in his eyes before running back to Schmuel and led him to his father. \"Dad he's my friend….\" He said again when his father didn't answer. The young German continued to beg his father when his mother ran up. \"Bruno what are you doing in these clothes?\" Elsa asked and looked at her son as she took him from her husband and hugged him close. Bruno looked up at her. \"I was just trying to see what it was like in the camp. No one will answer me….\" He told his mother as he took her hand in his and hugged her close as it began to rain. Bruno hugged his mother back and looked around for his father who was, now, nowhere in sight. \"Don't do that again Bruno. You scared us half to death….\" Gretel said looking at her little brother, but her words were just an echo as Bruno looked around for Schmuel. \"Schmuel! Schmuel where are you?!\" He called out as he looked around and squirmed from his mothers' grip running off to find his friend, his mother trailing right behind him. He continued to call out for his friend, stopping as he was grabbed by his father. \"Where's Schmuel?!\" Bruno asked as his father carried him out of Auschwitz and carried him home. \"He'll be along Bruno….\" Ralf told his son, although he felt bad lying to his son but he knew it had to be done. Bruno shook his head and squirmed more so his father was forced to put him down. \"I won't let anyone hurt him like Lieutenant Kotler!\" He called as he ran off to find Schmuel calling out for him as Ralf followed and stopped him. \"What are you talking about?\" Ralf asked although he knew what Bruno was talking about but he wanted to hear it from him. \"That soldier, he hurt Schmuel when I gave him cakes….\" Bruno told his father and dried the tears from his eyes, wincing as he heard a shot go off somewhere in the camp. He worried for his friend and started running again calling to Schmuel yearning for an answer. Schmuel squirmed against the guard causing him to be slapped in the face. \"Bruno! Bruno help me!\" The young Jew called as he turned and saw Bruno and his father running toward him. \"Leave my friend alone!\" Bruno said hitting the soldier with his small fists, not that it did much damage toward the Nazi Lieutenant. All Bruno could think of was his friend. He pushed Schmuel behind him with tears in his eyes. Ralf walked up behind him and sighed. \"Bruno this Jew cannot be your friend. He's not human!\" He told his son sternly. Bruno looked up at him as tears slid down his face mixed with the rain coming down. \"He is! He's good, everything you say about them is a lie! Schmuel plays with me when I'm lonely and Pavel carried me in and fixed my knee when I cut it on my swing!\" He choked out as he looked at his father. Ralf couldn't believe what he was hearing. \"If Schmuel stays then so do I….\" The young boy choked out taking a step back and took Schmuel by the hand once more. Ralf sighed and looked around glad none of the soldiers were paying attention. \"Ralf?\" Elsa asked with tears in her eyes as she hugged her son close to her. \"Elsa I can't it's my duty. You know what I do….\" He said. Bruno looked at him and took a step back. \"Then I'm staying….\" He choked out. There was no way he was going to let Schmuel stay here alone. He refused to let go of his hand even though his mother and sister were trying to let him go. Ralf once again looked around. \"Come on Bruno … You two boy!\" He said speaking calmly to Bruno and snapped at Schmuel who quickly followed. Bruno looked at Schmuel and sighed before looking at the cap in his hands and put it on his friends' head rather than his own as they walked out. Ralf made sure no one notice or said anything. \"You can wear some of my clothes. I think they'll fit you and you can move away with us….\" Bruno said and looked at Schmuel who smiled and nodded. Leading him up to his room, Bruno grabbed some of his clothes and offered them to Schmuel, stopping when he saw his father at the door. \"Bruno I need to talk to you….\" He said calmly and looked at Schmuel giving him a dirty look as Bruno followed him out of the room. The Commandant kneeled down to his son. \"I need you to do me a favor Bruno….\" He said grabbing a towel and throwing it around his sons shoulders. \"Can I keep Schmuel?\" Bruno asked in an uneasy tone as he looked at his father. \"Yea about that, if anyone asks you're keeping him as a slave….\" The young boy looked at his father and took a step back. \"Slave? But dad he's my friend….\" Bruno told him not understanding what was wrong with Jews. Ralf sighed. \"Bruno he's a Jew and if they found out that I let you be friends with him then you would lose me forever, do you want that?\" He asked trying to keep his voice calm. Bruno clung to his father. \"No. I love you dad….\" He said and looked at his father with tears in his eyes as his father rubbed his back. \"Then I need you to tell people that and when you're around other people then I need you to treat him poorly….\" He said as Schmuel stood at the edge of the door. Although Bruno didn't want to treat his friend with such hatred he had seen the soldiers treat him with, he didn't want to lose his father either. \"Like a game?\" Bruno asked as his father dried him off. Ralf nodded. \"Yes like a game, only we will know the truth and when this war is won then you can stop treating him so….\" The two boys both smiled at each other before Bruno turned back to his father. \"Do I have to when we're alone?\" Bruno asked and looked at his father. \"Not when it's just the two of you….\" He said calmly and sighed as he looked at his son then back at Schmuel not trusting the boy but didn't want Bruno near the camp either, but he knew that if he sent Schmuel back then Bruno would return. \"I promise….\" Bruno said to him before going to his room to take the clothes off and dry off then threw the clothes he had been wearing away then looked at Schmuel. \"Here put this on….\" He said taking one of his hats which he hated, and put it on the boys' head. \"There good as new, although …. You may want to bathe. You smell horrible….\" He said. Schmuel gave a weak chuckle. \"We don't bathe over there. It's not allowed….\" He said and sighed before looking at Maria and hid behind Bruno who looked at her. \"That's just Maria she won't hurt you. Maria start a hot bath for Schmuel. He smells….\" Bruno told her and watched her smile and walk off. \"Of course Master Bruno….\" She said calmly. \"See? I told you….\" He said before ushering Schmuel to the bathroom to clean up. \"If I didn't know any better I'd think you were German….\" Bruno said not understanding still that Jews were German as well. The young Jew gave another weak smile. \"Bruno….\" His mother called. Bruno smiled and led Schmuel downstairs. \"Time to go sweetheart….\" She said just as she had before. Bruno put his arm around his friends shoulder and led him out before getting in the car with his mother and sister. \"We're going to Heidelberg to live with my Aunt Lottie. She won't hurt you…..\" He told Schmuel as he looked at him. \"What's wrong?\" He asked calmly when Schmuel just nodded. \"What about Mama and Papa?\" He asked and sighed a he played with his hands. Bruno sighed. \"I am sorry but I would never see you again….\" He told him and looked back as the house had disappeared forever and Bruno and Schmuel drove away, leaving Auschwitz behind them, gone forever. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Boy in the Sriped Pajamas. This is just a common fanfiction based off "},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Beauty and the SoCalled Beast","Author":"Sode No Shirayuki Ohime-sama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8072529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beauty and the So-Called Beast A.N.: This is a Shmuel/OC. With my notorious OC Jenna replacing Bruno, she finds herself at a new home. No it doesn't follow the exact story line; I will be making a few adjustments. I'm very sorry if the story is offensive. It's not meant to be offensive, because what Hitler did was wrong in every way possible. The horror of WWII is indescribable. DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own anything from The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. I looked at my father as he told me we were moving. He did not tell me why, he didn't want to disturb my pure seven year old mind. I had never really taken to making friends; in fact I was really never given the chance. I had to stay inside at all times, my father didn't want any harm coming to me so I was only allowed in the confines of the estate. My dad was a very important man, he was always making speeches. \"Can I go now papa?\" I asked. He ruffled my hair, and said \"Of course Jenna.\" As he smiled his almost square mustache stretched slightly. I packed my bags, with clothes other necessities and my beloved books. Most of my books were adventure and romance books. Once I was done packing I decided to read my favorite one called \"Beauty and the Beast\", it was a beautiful book and I could never get enough. Soon enough I was called downstairs, my parents and older brother already ready to leave. I walked down, not once taking my eyes off of the printed words. I was silent our whole ride to the new estate. I looked and it was much larger, but I did not care so long as it had places to explore. I looked around for a good room, I found the perfect one, the room was big but had a small window. It was perfect in my eyes. I unpacked my clothes and I was putting my books on the shelf when my bed was brought in. After everything was set up, I looked out the small window to see what looked similar to a farm but I wasn't going to make assumptions. There were a lot of people in what I could barely make out to be striped pajamas. Papa beckoned for me so I walked down the stairs and into his office. \"So how do you like it?\" \"It's wonderful father, but what is that fenced place behind our house? It kind of reminds me of a farm. And why do they all wear pajamas?\" He looked slightly wide eyed at me and said \"You see Jenna, they aren't really people, they are dangerous beasts. And that's why they are in there.\" My eyes almost got a twinkle; if they were dangerous beast then maybe I could be the beauty to turn one into a handsome prince. At that point some other very high ranking soldiers walked in after knocking. \"Adolf we would like to talk about our next move.\" Yes my papa was the leader of the Nazi army, Adolf Hitler. I had a feeling my parents wouldn't like it if I went to the place behind our house so I would wait for the perfect moment to sneak out. I went to help mother with cooking, and a man with striped pajamas came into the house with a basket of fruits as well as vegetables. He asked momma where to put them; she gave him a weird look. I wanted to ask him about the place so much but I didn't know how to ask. I spent all of my days in my room pouring over books to learn since I was self-taught. I began to play checkers with myself, but my boredom was beginning to get the better of me. I went outside to get some fresh air from under our large tree. My brother was a soldier and it was quite often that his girlfriend would come over. He was cleaning his car, but then an idea popped into my head! I sprung up and walked with a bounce over to my big brother. \"Wolfram, are there any spare tires?\" I asked as my very light blonde hair blew in the wind slightly. \"What would you want a tire for Jenna?\" He asked kindly. \"I want to make a swing!\" I said with almost a bounce. He patted me on the head, but then I saw what I have never seen before. \"YOU! HERE NOW!\" He yelled at the man in pajamas. He hobbled over to where we stood. \"MOVE!\" The man hobbled much faster, it made me want to hit my own big brother with how he treated the man. \"Y-yes sir…?\" he asked timidly. \"You will bring my little sister to the back she will select a tire and you will carry it where ever she pleases.\" \"Y-yes sir.\" He limped toward the back door. Wolfram pushed me along shooing me away with a kind smile. I padded after the man, he looked back at me almost sadly, I couldn't help but say these words. \"I'm sorry about my big brother yelling at you, I've never seen him yell at anyone… My big brother isn't all that smart, I think he's just following what everybody else thinks and does…!\" He gave me a weak smile but said nothing. His face said it was okay though. I noticed a window that was just big enough for me to fit through. The man pulled out a tire, and asked if it was alright. I nodded my head slightly with a smile. Once my tire swing was all set up, I was immediately on it. I decided to read Beauty and the Beast for the millionth time since I had been here, but this time I was swinging. It seemed like such a big difference. I smelled something disgusting in the air; it smelled worse than burnt hair, yet it smelled very similar. I tried to look at the rising smoke coming from behind our house; it seemed to be near the place in our back yard. I tried to stand on the tire while it was still swinging, and I must say it was not a smart idea on my part. I my shoe tipped the edge but didn't fully get to the tire so I toppled to the rocky gravel. My vision was slightly blurred but I saw the man in pajamas hobbling quickly toward me. I felt him pick me up and carry me inside. My vision was now clear and I was wide awake, and not to mention I was completely aware of the fair sized scrape on my knee. He grabbed the first aid kit from the shelf. He then straightened my leg a bit, and began to wrap my knee. I winced a bit but I knew it could have been worse. I spoke up after he started wrapping my leg, I didn't like silence while in company. \"Y-you're very good at this. Were you a doctor before this…?\" He looked up at me slightly wide eyed, as if someone had never spoken like that to him. But then his eyes softened and he said, \"Yes, I used to practice medicine before I came here.\" \"I think being a doctor is great if you are good at it.\" I smiled sincerely. He looked at me and smiled almost mischievously, \"What do you want to be when you grow up? Oh! I know! A writer!\" I was surprised he knew, so I had to ask, \"How did you know?\" He smiled, and said, \"Well whenever I see you, you have your head buried in a book.\" He said it with a slight chuckle. Then momma walked in, her eyes immediately fled to my knee. She rushed to my side, and asked very worriedly, \"What happened?\" The man I came to know as Pavel lowered his head slightly. I looked at momma and said calmly, \"I was swinging, and I tried to stand on the tire but I fell. And then Pavel carried me inside, and treated my scrape.\" She looked at Pavel then to me, and sighed. She then shooed me away kindly. I was outside on the swing again, when momma called out to me. She was letting me know that she was going into town. It was the perfect time to go out back; I really wanted to see that farm . As soon as the gates closed and the car was out of sight, I ran silently over to the door that leads to the back. I took a quick look behind me, checking for on-lookers. Then slipped unnoticed into the back area, and then when I reached the shed I climbed through the small window. I found myself within a forest; I just made a B-line for the so-called farm. But I made sure to walk straight from my previous positions lest I get lost. I came upon a small river near a clearing, I assumed it to be the place I was looking for considering it had a huge fence. I crept up the bank slowly, in case there was danger. But all I saw was a boy, and I may have been seven but even I thought he was cute. I walked up to him, and said happily yet timidly, \"H-hello…!\" He looked up at me, then he looked back worriedly, but then his eyes returned to me. \"H-hi.\" \"My name is Jenna, what is your name?\" \"Shmuel.\" \"I like it!\" I smiled. He was silent, I spoke up. \"So what are you doing?\" \"We are building a hut.\" \"Oh.\" He spoke this time, \"Do you have any food on you?\" \"Uh-m no, sorry… Are y-you hungry?\" \"Y-yes…\" He spoke embarrassed. \"So why are you in there?\" I asked. \"I'm a Jew.\" He answered. I smiled at him, and said \"Well you are the nicest and only Jew I have ever met.\" He smiled back at me I heard a whistle, and he spoke as he practically ran away, \"I have to go!\" I looked at him franticly, \"Please, will you come back?\" \"I'll try!\" he yelled, but he only yelled loud enough for me to hear. \"I'll bring some food for you! And I want to read you 'Beauty and the Beast' next time we see each other!\" \"Okay!\" He called back. I looked at his retreating form a small gust of wind blew sending my short light-blue dress into a slight flutter. My dress was designed to look similar to the Alice in Wonderland dress. I ran back home but this time I had a light bounce to my step. I would twirl a bit, every now and again. I got back to the shed's window crawled through it, and went back into the house. Shmuel's POV I ran back to the hut, we were told to go to bed. I lay in my very uncomfortable bed, when the girl Jenna popped into my thoughts. I blushed lightly at the thought of her. She was very pretty, her light blonde hair that looked almost white in the glare of the sun, her brilliantly bright ice blue eyes, as well as her pale skin yet slightly rosy cheeks. I fell asleep without a care in the world… Normal POV Shmuel clouded my mind all night, he was just so handsome. The dirt on his pale skin, the clothes that were too big for him, his deep brown eyes, even his shaved hair. I love all of him. Sleep soon came upon me. My dreams were to be riddled with Shmuel that night. . . . The next morning, right after we ate breakfast I grabbed a large bar of chocolate. Judging from the condition of the place he lived in it was not a great place to be, and I bet that they didn't get many treats such as chocolate. I waited until momma went into town again, and once again snuck out the back and into the forest. I found Shmuel sitting there, I blushed lightly. I walked up and sat down in front of him. He looked up at me and smiled. I waved the chocolate and the book in my hands; I spoke first \"Here Shmuel!\" I said with a wide smile as I handed him the chocolate. \"Should I start reading?\" I asked him. He nodded his mouth too full of chocolate to speak. I giggled and watched him blush. I began to read the story of Belle and how her father was captured by the beast. But she gave up her freedom for her father's freedom. She was content with being locked away, but then the beast let her out. Upon much persuasion from the talking tea pot, clock, and candle. She was to stay in a luxurious room, and she was to stay out of the west wing. She was missing her father, and she was very sad. But then when the talking candle and clock decided to show her around she went into the west wing, only to be found out by the Beast. He roared in his anger, scaring Belle. Then the Beast began to feel sorry and guilty that he had scared the girl. All of the talking house-held items persuaded him to get to know her and to get her to love him so that they could break the spell. I read to him the entire story; we both blushed when Belle said \"I Love You\" to the Beast and kissed him. After it was time to go, I came back every day to see Shmuel. And every day he came to see me. This went on for a few weeks. Momma and papa were getting into fights lately because of papa's work; she said that he was doing bad things. But it never changed my routine of going to see Shmuel. One day that I had gone to see Shmuel, after a long game of checkers, we looked at each other for a few moments and then Shmuel looked at me blushed and then said, \"I wonder what it feels like, a kiss…\" \"Me too…\" I said in almost a daze because of his words. \"D-do you want to try it the next time we see each other…?\" I asked timidly. \"Y-yeah…!\" He said shyly yet enthusiastically. \"But how are we going to do it with the fence in the way…?\" I asked almost sadly. I looked as if he was thinking then he said, \"We could dig under it…! And I we could be together forever… I-I don't want you to leave ever again…\" I blushed and so did Shmuel. \"I could bring some of my big brother's old clothes since he doesn't keep them in his room but he refuses to get rid of them. And we will run away together, I don't want to live with my papa anymore… I think he does bad things sometimes…\" I could tell Shmuel was seriously considering it. He then asked, \"Where will we go? I don't have any money.\" I reassured him, \"I do, I have a whole backpack filled with hundreds of euros worth a hundred euros and above each!\" He looked at me wide eyed, I answered his question without him having to ask, \"My momma and papa are rich, so when I help out I get at least one hundred euros. But how many hundred euros I get depends on the size of the job\" Shmuel simply nodded his head. Then the whistle we both knew all too well sounded, we said our goodbyes, and I watched as he left. I ran back to my house, and began to get everything ready. I got my suitcase that had backpack straps on it. It wasn't very big like a normal suitcase. I stuffed my bag of money in it, then folded and packed two dresses two pairs of panties, one A-cup bra, as well as a pair of shoes. I went down to the cellar to look for a few pairs of my brothers old clothes. I found a few sweater vests, some button-up white shirts, two pairs of black shoes, some underwear, socks, and short trousers. I also nabbed a small hat so that when we are in public areas he won't be spotted easily. I grabbed them all and stuffed them into the suitcase. I then went to the bathroom and gathered all of the hygiene care items I would need. I slid the suitcase under my bed, but not before getting my favorite book and stuffing it inside. I got into bed, mentally preparing myself for tomorrow. Then soon fell into a deep sleep. . . . I woke up the next morning, went out to the swings and waited for momma to go into town. She left precisely when expected. I ran upstairs to my room, pulled out my suitcase hefted it onto my back and then tiptoed quickly and quietly out the door. I grabbed a shovel, tossing my suitcase through the window, the shovel and I right behind it. I ran until I got to the fence I saw Shmuel running to it as well, I decided for us to start digging before he was to change. When we got done digging I handed him the articles of clothing one by one through the fence. I blushed when I saw his thing . It was the first one I had ever seen. He was really skinny but he didn't look as skinny as some of the people there. When he was dressed he slowly slid and wiggled under the fence, I helped him stand up. I looked him in the eyes; my eyes drifted to his lips, and then back to his eyes. I blushed beat red, he saw everything that just happened. Shmuel then grabbed my face kissing me lightly, but then it got slightly more passionate but we weren't French kissing. We broke for air, my hands were at his shoulders while my head leaned against his chest, and I panted a little bit. He had his hands around my waist, holding me close to him in an almost protective manner. I was about to pick up the pack but he grabbed it first. \"Shmuel, what are you doing…?\" I asked surprised. \"I'm carrying the bag because it is the gentlemanly thing to do.\" He smiled a silly smile. I blushed and looked down. He looked at me a bit worried. \"What's wrong?\" He asked. \"…Shmuel… I think I have fallen in love with you…! I mean I know we are just kids but whenever I see you I get a tingly feeling in my tummy that never goes away…!\" He stared wide eyed at me. I looked into his deep brown eight year old eyes, while he looked into my brilliant blue seven year old eyes. \"…If that's what it feels like when you're in love, then… I think I'm in love with you too.\" I stood a little closer to him, stood on my tiptoes and kisses him on the lips lightly. \"We should go Shmuel before we get caught.\" He nodded and we ran until we believed we were far enough from my house and the place that I never figured out what it was. . . . We ended up walking until we got to a city, I told Shmuel to put on the hat as we made our way through the city. We got on a bus that would take us to Spain. It drove for days on end. We would stop for food and restroom breaks of course, so it was bearable. Shmuel and I would practically sleep on each other, and there were radio's on the bus so it wasn't completely boring. When we finally arrived in Spain, we asked around to find a ferry or a plane that would take children our age to America. Surprisingly we actually got results. There was a large ship ready to set sail and go to America. I got Shmuel and I some tickets, and soon enough we were on our way to America. America The place where Shmuel and I found freedom The place where Shmuel and I started a family The place where Shmuel and I died together in each other's arms So what do you think? I know it's a bit short, so if you want me to put a continuation (That explains their life in America & Shmuel and Jenna growing up) just put it in your review or Private Message me. : ) ","Summary":" Beauty and the So-Called Beast A.N.: This is a Shmuel/OC. With my notorious OC Jenna replacing Brun"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"Bruno's Diary","Author":"ThisIsNotWonderland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8064233","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bruno's Diary Entry. Friday 30th December 1942 Dear Diary, I don't like Lieutenant Kotler, and that's putting it nicely. I can't understand why Gretel always wants to be around him or why Mother always laughs at his jokes, but the one person I hate more than Lieutenant Kotler is myself. Today I wanted to read a book that Father bought me called Treasure Island. I actually can't believe that Lieutenant Kotler hasn't read it! He thinks he so smart and superior but he obviously isn't. I wanted to go into the living room, but Mother had to talk Lieutenant Kotler. (Yet again!) So I walked out to the kitchen and I couldn't believe it! I had to blink twice to make sure! It was Shmuel! Seeing my friend, I was actually so happy. I wanted to ask him to play in my room and even do some exploring, but he was polishing Mother's glasses. Now comes the worst part. If only I hadn't ate that chicken! That stupid chicken! Shmuel looked so small and hungry that I offered some to him. I don't know why he was so worried. But anyway, he gobbled it down in three bites, although he really appreciated it. Suddenly, Lieutenant Kotler burst through the door! He had noticed that Shmuel had been eating! Now here comes the part I REALLY regret! Lieutenant Kotler asked me if I knew Shmuel and for some reason I said no. The look on Shmuel's face said that he wouldn't forgive me. I was so sad and full of regret. Why didn't I say yes! I hope that Shmuel can forgive me, I'm so sorry! I hope Lieutenant Kotler isn't too cross, but when I said that I didn't know who Shmuel was he looked quite happy. I want to return to the fence and play with my friend. Guiltily signing off, Bruno.[Chapter 2] Hey guys, this is just an authors note, but can I say I am FED up with people commenting saying \"I used this for my homework etc\" this is MY WORK which I worked SO HARD ON for my English essay and got an A+ coudl you please message me asking if you could use the idea? I put this up for others to enjoy, not to be copied! ","Summary":" Bruno's Diary Entry. Friday 30th December 1942 Dear Diary, I don't like Lieutenant Kotler, and that"},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"The Alternate Life","Author":"PirateGirlAuthor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5199278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I made this for a project at school, but as I checked through this short story, I realized that about 60 different people have looked at it! And several reviews! So, I decided to keep this up. The next chapter is up. Just a reminder, that this is my story, and its a fanfic so I can do as I please with it. But if you have KIND suggestions (meaning you put it in a kind way) they are completely welcome! :D Enjoy if you want, or only make it seem worse, its your choice. \"Why don't we go check in the cabin?\" Shmuel asked. \"He might be around here somewhere. We've got to find him!\" Bruno and Shmuel ran to the back side of the cabin, just as the men being rushed out of the cabin were heading toward the gas chambers. Shmuel looked back. He recieved a strange feeling, as if an eerie and suspicious voice called to him. He paused, staring at the forceful Nazis pointing guns at their backs and shooing them into the deadly room, like a shephard herding sheep. \"Shmuel?\" Bruno asked, trying to get his attention. He waved his arms. \"Shmuel!!\" Shmuel finally looked back at Bruno, then at the gas chamber's door closing. His expression became serious. \"Daddy?\" He asked to himself. He ran over to the gas chamber. He threw his body to the door. He pounded for his life. \"Daddy!!!\" \"Shmuel!\" Bruno shouted, walking over to Shmuel as he fell to his knees, still pounding but not as hard. \"Shmuel?\" Shmuel did not answer. He silently cried. \"Did you find im', Shmuel? Did ya?\" Bruno asked softly. Shmuel took in a breath, revealing that he was crying. \"Yes...but he went in there. No one ever gets out...\" Shmuel could not continue on with his sentence, but that was all Bruno needed to know to understand what happened to Shmuel's father. \"He's gotta! Just gotta!\" \"You Jews over there! Get back to work. You should know what happens when you-\" \"Back away. He is my son.\" Bruno's father pushed past the Nazi, also interrupting him. He laid a large hand on Bruno's small shoulder. \"Now why are you wearing those clothes? Your mother was very worried. This is no place for you. And as for you, do not harm my son or you will be thrown in here, too.\" He ordered Shmuel, pointing at the gas chamber. \"Fine. What about that Jew?\" He said, saluting Bruno's father. He nodded in response. Bruno's father glanced at Bruno, awaiting his reaction. \"He is my friend.\" Bruno said, proudly. His father was shocked. \"Um, the same goes for...him, too.\" Bruno's father said, unsure about his son's decision. The Nazi walked away inspecting all of the other workers. Bruno and his father looked each other straight for a few seconds. Bruno then looked at Shmuel, his father following his gaze. Shmuel was fiddling with his long sleeves. \"Can he stay with us?\" \"Bruno, you are still going to your aunt's.\" Bruno's father said, trying to lure his son away from the...the prisoner. \"Shmuel has to come. I won't go without him.\" Bruno's father looked at Shmuel, then quickly back to Bruno. \"We must discuss this with your mother.\" He had his intentions set. They would not end up talking to Bruno's mother about this. Bruno followed his father. When Shmuel realized they were leaving, he followed, too. \"Stay.\" His father said, as if he were a dog disobeying his owner, standing in Shmuel's path. Shmuel was silent, frightened to speak a wrong word, but looked at Bruno. Bruno just walked by his father's side. Bruno motioned for Shmuel to follow him. Shmuel tip-toed behind Bruno and his dad, keeping a distance to not alert his father. Well? Did you like it? If so, please review. If not, you can still review, but please state why you did not like it. It will help to make alterations. Thank you![Chapter 2] In the first chapter, many reviewed that the father might've reacted differently. The father was in so much shock and he wouldn't really explode there in that kind of scene. The father (in my Fanfic story) yelled at Bruno and was very disappointed in him, etc. when they got home in his office. If you really think about it, it would've probably gone the way it went in my story. Anything I post here in bold means it is not part of the story, but is important. I just wanted to let you know that I appreciate the reviews that I have recieved. This is what you were waiting for: The next chapter! This chapter takes place after Bruno escapes from his father once they arrive home. Shmuel and Bruno run from home and are now in dangerous streets. Two small children ran through the mostly bare streets of hell. Old, gloomy buildings hovered over them, if not the gray sky as well. \"Shmuel...I'm tired. And hungry.\" \"We're almost there. C'mon.\" The two turned a corner into an alleyway. Suddenly, Shmuel stopped. Ahead of them was only a rotting wooden fence. \"There!\" Shmuel pointed to a almost-squarish hole in the side of a building. Its height was about from the boys' feet to their shoulders. Shmuel and Bruno ran into the hole, ducking their heads. Shmuel was first to enter. When he got inside, it was a small room. There was a small table, big enough for the boys to eat at. There were two wooden cabinets on the floor on the left side, against the wall. But there was something else...or some one . When Bruno came in, he spotted the light blond hair of a girl, maybe their age. She had sea-blue eyes. When he came in, he immediately spotted her bright, long hair in a braid. \"Shmuel?! Is that you??\" She asked., \"Lizabeth, this is Bruno.\" Bruno saw her smile. She had only two little front teeth and three bottom teeth, then pitch darkness. \"Hello Bruno.\" Bruno was speechless. \"She is my cousin.\" Shmuel said. \"Are you hungry? Here's some soup.\" There were two pale yellow bowls of light-greenish liquid. Bruno sat down, then Shmuel. They dug into it. \"You are really hungry.\" Lizabeth said. In only a few seconds, the bowls were clean. \"Is there anymore?\" Bruno asked. \"Yup. Here ya go.\" Lizabeth opened a cabinet and set a bowl of the soup in front of Bruno. She looked over at Shmuel's bowl, and took out another bowl out of the open cabinet, this time, inside, it was pitch dark. \"This was my soup. There is no more soup until Luigi gets more.\" Lizabeth sighed. \"Who is Luigi?\" Shmuel asked. \"A man that gave me this home. He makes the soup.\" \"Does he make any more food?\" \"Bread, too. Did you see him?\" Lizabeth took the other seat, in between the boys. \"What does he look like?\" \"He is the fat guy. He has no hair, too.\" Lizabeth put both arms out in front of her, turning her hands as if she had a box in between her stomach and arms. \"Nope.\" Just then, a masculine voice called from outside. \"Liza!!\" A man's voice sang. Lizabeth stood from her chair and ran out the hole. Bruno had kept sipping the soup from his bowl and hadn't realized before that his bowl was empty. He set the bowl down, laying his head on the table. Shmuel was still slurping his, looking at Bruno. He then set his dry bowl down and set his head on the table. Both boys were looking at the hole. \"Staring contest?\" Shmuel offered. \"Yep.\" The boys turned and stared at each other. A minute and a half passed and Lizabeth finally returned. The boys both looked up to her bright toothy smile. \"Luigi's here!\" She turned to face the hole, her back completely to the boys. A dark shadow cast what they could see of the outside alley wall. A big fat man with a bald head squeezed through the hole. Surprisingly, he fit, with little room to spare. He had big blue eyes, lighter than Lizabeth's. His eyes looked as if he were blind, though he looked at the boys and smiled just as big of a smile as Lizabeth gave. ","Summary":" I made this for a project at school, but as I checked through this short story, I realized that abo"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Lessons with the Maestro","Author":"starfishies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12362786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"Brava Madame!\" He gushed in his exuberant Italian, taking my hand and pressing it to his lips. The backstage area was a blur of wigs and costumes as singers revelled in the accolade of a successful opening night. It was a heady feeling, the rush of the stage, the adoration of my darling composer and the satisfactory tightness in my throat having sung my most beautiful of roles to the charming Tamino before a spell-bound audience. I was proud of my performance, having been brought back to encore my aria no less than three times. br / br / \"Grazie\" I curtsied in my muslin costume, all too aware of its revealing opaqueness. If he noticed, he did not give any sign, he was already reliving the glory of the final act \"Anna when the chorus ended and the audience went mad,\" his eyes sparkled like a child, \"…..They loved it!\" He practically squealed with glee. Bodies jostled between us, \"Pardon Maestro!\" the prop master squeezed past holding a large painted scene above his head and several of the chorus members bumped into us as they passed by, Mozart barely registered the chaos of it all. \"Don't you think?\" He took my hands gently, seeking desperately for me to congratulate him, \"Yes of course, a rousing success Maestro.\" He stood taking in his surroundings, his smile fading slightly. The crowd was beginning to thin out as singers and musicians began to make their way out into the streets, some to pubs and inns – others back home to their wives and / br / Wolfgang's family was not at the premier, his wife Constanze had retreated to the spa waters at Baden with her youngest son at her side. She had become bed ridden with the most recent pregnancy and with all of the work for his latest opera, Wolfgang was sure to send her where she would be looked after properly. The proceeds from tonight's show would no doubt go towards paying for the extravagance of her stay. During the weeks of rehearsals leading up the premier, he often went away to visit his family, sometimes for several days at a time - but on nights where he stayed in town, he'd have his own gatherings. Actors, singers, music makers and aristocrats of varying degrees were happy to squeeze in to his small flat, staying until the early hours of the next morning. There was no shortage of drink, and surely there was music and games. \"It keeps my mind off of things\" he once told me in a vocal lesson when I asked of his parties, his small hands perched on the keys of the piano, \"Have you no vices dear Anna?\" I blushed thinking of a few occasions, \"You are most welcome to attend my next evening, however I'll have to chaperone you.\" He looked at me quite seriously for a moment, \"Not all gentlemen are so deserving of their titles and a darling girl is just what many of them are after.\" I smiled at the comment, \"I think I can look after myself Herr Mozart, but I thank you for your protection.\" Sighing he stood, grasping my arms firmly which shocked me. Though I am certain he was aware of my teenaged infatuation, he had never done more than kissed my hand, a fatherly embrace or a farewell kiss. He had always been most gentle and mannerly – most certainly not putting his hands on me! He continued his assault as he pressed me between himself and side of the piano. Uncomfortable with this abruptness I began to resist which only had him tighten his grip. Feeling the rough pinch of his hands on my sides I yelped, he released me immediately and smiled sweetly, \"You see? And I am not a brutish man. Imagine what a man can have if he desires it.\" With that, I understood. He never mentioned that conversation again, and I – as invited – began to attend his soirees, but never strayed from his watchful gaze. br / br / \"Come\" He tugged my wrist, leading me through the narrow corridors back to my dressing area. Feeling the heat in my cheeks knowing my things were scattered about, I quickly shut the door behind us – staying pressed against it, my eyes were fixed on the floor. Mozart however was far more at ease, flinging himself across the divan, kicking his shoes on to the floor without a care. Seeing his state of relaxation I quickly began to grab bits of discarded hose and I tried to stuff them into the makeup table, out of sight. Side stepping in front of my stays, hoping he had not noticed my under garments strewn about, I pushed them back behind the cabinet discreetly; I could fish them out later after he had gone. br / br / \"Anna please, I have a wife and a sister – truly do you believe I am an innocent man? I've seen ladies hose!\" He tossed his powdered wig, running his hands through his damp hair. \"Had I known to expect you after the show I would've taken more care to put my things away.\" I said quietly, reminded again of his wife – with child, in Baden sick and feverish. I felt a sickness in my gut, guilt rising seeing a married man, a father, stretched out in my quarters without a care in the world. I knew I should confess my thoughts and pray for forgiveness but he always drew me back. I'm certain he could read my thoughts and he played them to his advantage. \"Anna could you mend this?\" he'd ask, \"I wouldn't ask such a thing but with Stanzi at the bathes and the maid with her…I just don't know who to turn to!\" His gentle features, his light tenor practically singing my name – I could never resist him. I adored him, and I'm sure he knew even before myself!br / br / \"Sweet girl\" he sat up, gesturing for me to sit by his side. I sat hesitantly knowing he would seize the opportunity to close any distance between us. I was always helpless in his presence. \"Darling Anna\" he crept closer and I had little resolve to deny him, \"you were breath taking this evening. Truly.\" He smiled, stroking my hands. \"You are a star pupil and I know that you will sing many great roles – I will write my next one for you!\" My chest beat wildly, Herr Mozart was not quick to compliment a voice unless he truly enjoyed the performance. \"You flatter me Maestro.\" I said softly, \"Anna,\" he cupped my face, \"I don't waste my time, or my words. And most certainly not, my music. I would never allow a second rate soprano to premier my work!\" A moment of profound silence passed between us before he crushed his lips against mine holding me in place as I froze, hair standing on end. My stomach began to knot as he pushed me on to my back, releasing me to allow his hands to travel to my sides, expertly running up and down in appreciation of my thin costume. My thoughts raced, what of his wife? What will people think? Am I to be his mistress? Does he love me? He seemed to read my thoughts as he stopped, hovering above my freshly exposed chest, \"Please tell me you have wanted me since we began our lessons?\" he kissed my bare breast, \"I am a most patient man but I cannot hold back any longer.\" He came back to my lips, seizing them once more. I arched up against him and that was all the clarity he needed, he made quick work of his breeches and gently peeled back the layers of my many skirts. He knelt between my thighs to shed his heavy embroidered coat, tossing it carelessly on to the floor in a heap. br / br / I blushed catching a glimpse of him from this new angle, trousers unfastened; his most intimate places exposed so brazenly, and I quickly turned my head to the side. \"Anna,\" he chuckled, nibbling along my neck to the base behind my ear, \"don't worry, I'm always gentle with the good girls.\" He slid his hands down to my hips, dragging me closer to him, leaning down on top of me. There was a sweet smell of his lavender hair powder and our sweat as I felt him push into my resistance. I choked as I felt my body accept him, he held my wrists securely as I am sure he expected a half hearted struggle. I lay stunned as he worked above me, at first slowly then with time, building. He withdrew himself before going completely mad and lay panting on top of me, the weight of his body crushing down on me. \"I can't\" he panted, \"If you were with child, it would ruin you.\" He pressed his forehead to mine. I felt something damp twitch against my belly. I lay silent, not knowing what to say. He looked at me apologetically, \"Have I hurt you?\" he asked worriedly, I shook my head, \"No\" He exhaled with a sense of exhaustion, \"Anna I must ask, for one final solo act\" he grinned glancing downwards at his throbbing ache, he wrapped my hand around it firmly and guided me over it with fervour. After a time he began to shake, bucking into my palm with a whimper as if in pain. Finally he gave great cry and shot hot white into my hand. I jumped, completely startled by the event which caused him to erupt into a fit of laughter. I narrowed my eyes at him, \"Are you mocking me Herr Mozart?\" I said haughtily, pushing down my skirts and finding a discarded cloth to wipe my hand of the fantastic mess. br / br / \"Darling girl!\" he giggled, holding my face once more, kissing me between exasperated sentences, \"You are most innocent!\" he smiled again, \"A delight, I'm glad I kept such a watchful eye on you all these months. Shielding you from the unwelcome advances of lecherous old men.\" I smiled back sweetly, \"May I remind good sir, that you more than 15 years my senior? Thus qualifying as a potentially lecherous old man.\" He frowned and pinched my bottom smartly, \"Ow!\" I jumped, \"I am a pedagogue , not a lecher. I don not prey on young women for sport. They come to me for instruction.\"br / br / I watched as he righted him jacket and slipped his shoes back on before stating coolly, \"So when can I expect my next lesson?\"/p ","Summary":" p class=\"MsoNormal\"\"Brava Madame!\" He gushed in his exuberant Italian, taking my hand and press"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Young Mozart's song","Author":"AmadErik","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10415485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Guten Tag, my name is Mozart Hope it's not unknown to you, If you listen carefully Now you will hear something new. I was born in Salzburg, I was a \" Wunderkind \", All the kids wanted to be like me And prayed for a little hint. I was playing in all Europe, I was 7 or even less, My famous name was chanted, Before I could reach my - bass ! But those beautiful years has passed, Now my boss is killing me. The Archbishop is stupid, That's a fact that all can see. He criticizes my music, I get hit after hit I'm treated like a servant all the time, but will I - quit ? I' ll leave my job in short time, I have nothing to fear, And the Archbishop the kind man May come and kiss my - beer . And yet another good news- I am madly in love I have found my sweet Constanza As gentle as a dove. I only love her soul I don't care much about the looks, But still I have to admit My Stanze has so nice big - boots . Papa doesn't like Constanza, He thinks she's just a - witch ... But I believe all his problem is that Stanze isn't rich. Well I don't care about anyone An egg they may go and suck, Stanze and me will get married, And we will have a good - luck ! ","Summary":" Guten Tag, my name is Mozart Hope it's not unknown to you, If you listen carefully Now you will hea"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"King Chuckles","Author":"MissFeral","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12910771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~Salieri's POV~ Oh, how I loathed that laugh. The most obnoxious noise I have ever heard. His laugh was as hideous as his music was beautiful… Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. What a remarkable little creature. No one have I ever admired and yet disliked so much as he. I will never forget that obscene grinning face and scornful laughing at my expense on that particular day. You see, I happened to be at the theater on the afternoon of a dress rehearsal. I nestled into my own dark corner of the balcony and watched the creature work his magic. He waved his arm and the orchestra came to life. Candles illuminated his muffin-like wig. In the mist of his whipping hands, Mozart turned his head upward and saw me. He smiled slightly at my glowering expression. The enchanting music eventually ended and I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath. The power of this musical genius had temporarily taken over my senses and I needed a moment to regain myself. When I started feeling normal again, that's when I got hungry, so I decided to check the kitchen for treats. Maybe I would find some tasty desserts lying around. I also needed to clear my head. Sometimes it becomes too great…the envy that consumes me when Mozart plays. My mouth watered as I eyed the dessert trays which had been prepared early for this evening's reception, and left uncovered. Pudding with raisins, pistachio creams, fruit tarts, and mince pie. My sweet tooth got the better of me and I sampled some of the yummy goodies. I am quite partial to dessert, you know. As I nibbled, that high-pitched giggle exploded behind me. I spun around to face the grinning composer. I swallowed hastily the victuals in my mouth and hid my hands behind my back, feeling just like a child who got caught sneaking a snack before dinner. \"Tut-tut, Salieri, no sweets for you,\" Mozart teased, wagging his finger in my face. \"Oh, Herr Mozart...I did not hear you enter. You startled me.\" \"Seems like you're getting a little tubby around the waistline,\" he continued to tease me. My gaze bolted to my stomach to check if it was true. This caused Mozart to erupt in another laugh. I cringed. Did I mention how much I detest that laugh? \"Don't look so glum about it,\" Mozart quipped as he picked at the sweets. \"Everyone loves fat people. They're hilarious.\" Feeling embarrassed, I continued to study my belly. Had I really been gaining weight? I glared at him to indicate that his jokes were offensive to me. I growled under my breath as Mozart let out another, \"Ahahahahaha!\" I swear this creature will drive me mad yet. \"If you will excuse me.\" I headed toward the exit but Mozart suddenly jumped in front of me and blocked my path. \"You have no sense of humor,\" he stated, folding his arms. I kept on glaring at the strange little man. \"That suites me just fine.\" \"Ohhh, Antonio Salieri. Haven't you got a funny bone in you?\" I cleared my throat. \"Certainly not. All of my bones are…serious.\" Mozart laughed again, like I knew he would. This time he noticed the disgusted look on my face. He stopped smiling and cocked his head. \"What's wrong, Salieri? Do you not enjoy my extraordinarily charming laughter?\" I rolled my eyes. \"Please, I really must be leaving.\" \"I don't think I have ever seen you laugh…or even really smile for that matter.\" \"I would love to laugh if I ever had a good reason for doing so,\" I responded. \"Come on,\" Mozart smiled, giving me a playful nudge with his elbow. \"What would make you laugh? Tell me.\" I thought about it, wondering if there was possibly anything funny enough to make me laugh. But there was nothing. Not anymore, now that I am a grown man. A certain creature named Amadeus was currently sucking all the amusement out of life, my life that is. Then Mozart asked a question that made me jump. \"Are you ticklish?\" I stared at him in shock. \"What…No!\" \"Not even a little bit?\" He asked coyly. \"No!\" I said, loudly. He continued leering at me, grinning like a lunatic and making me highly nervous. I am unbearably ticklish. I discovered this weakness only a few weeks ago. I stayed up very late working on an opera manuscript. It was terribly past my bedtime when I finally went to sleep. The following morning I was still very sleepy, so I decided to stay in bed all day long. Then a mischievous female servant came into the room and tickled my feet. I nearly died laughing! \"Everybody is ticklish somewhere, Salieri,\" Mozart said, moving too close for comfort. I watched him and when I noticed his hand inching towards me, I instantly moved away from him. I tried not to look nervous, but it was more than obvious. His lips curved into a smug smile, taunting me with that knowing gleam in his eye. The thought of being physically touched by Mozart was enough to make me shudder…but to be tickled by him? God, how are we even having this conversation? \"I must be leaving,\" I said, walking quickly away and not about to let him stop me again. \"Oh, wait a minute,\" he called after me. I looked over my shoulder. This better not be a trick. \"After the show tonight I'm throwing a party in my honor. Can you come?\" \"Most likely not.\" \"Aww…Well, try to make it anyway. It's going to be fun.\" He grinned cheekily and started picking at the dessert trays again. I rolled my eyes and marched out the door, disgusted at the way he practically interrogated me about my ticklishness. He would not dare lay a hand on me, would he? I wondered, a twinge of fear in the pit of my stomach. No…he wouldn't. Later that evening, after a splendid performance by Amadeus Mozart that left me almost in tears, everybody headed to the party. I carefully avoided the bustle of his crazy friends. I knew attending that party would only agitate me. Mozart's friends loved to mindlessly laugh at his jokes about me. It's always the same punchline… Amadeus is brilliant and Salieri sucks. Does it hurt my feelings? Yes, it does. After some debating, I decided to attend the party after all...dreading that Mozart was telling everyone about our awkward conversation earlier. As I approached the party hall, the raucous laughter and music could be heard clearly. People drunkenly arguing about what games to play and others cheering Mozart on as he performed some stunt. This seemed like the typical, sinful celebration these people always had. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary from what I could hear. I walked in quietly, and immediately received eerie smiles from all the party guests. A nervous smile briefly crossed my own face, and then I gingerly took a seat. Mozart beamed, standing on top of a piano bench so that he towered over all the guests. \"Who's ready for a game?\" \"YAY!\" Everyone reacted with enthusiasm. I remained silent with my hands folded in my lap. \"May we let Antonio Salieri join in the fun?\" asked a lady in a lavender wig. I looked up in surprise as my name was mentioned. \"Of course he can join us!\" Mozart exclaimed, pointing at me from across the room. I fidgeted uncomfortably as I gained the attention of all the drunken lunatics. \"In fact,\" Mozart said, hopping down from the bench. \"I think he will really enjoy our next game.\" \"What game?!\" demanded an eager crowd. \"We're going to play…Tickle Salieri!\" I gasped, and jumped out of my seat. \"No, I told you! I am not!\" I shouted, visibly horrified. Everyone stared at me, including Mozart who grinned more than a little evilly. \"You're not… what , Salieri?\" I swallowed painfully hard. All eyes on me...No way this was going to end well. \"I'm not t-ticklish,\" I said, trying to sound calm. \"Well, maybe we can find out! What do you say, everyone?!\" \"YAAAY!\" came the excited response of his many friends. I panicked, and there was no hiding it anymore. I frantically searched for a way to escape but people blocked every exit. Mozart walked over to me and he could see the fear in my eyes. \"There's nothing to be afraid of, you old farty-face,\" he told me. \"You cannot do this to me,\" I said, so desperate I almost pleaded with him. I pulled him aside and spoke to him in a whisper. \"Especially not here…not like this. I will never live it down. Herr Mozart, you must understand.\" He looked at me. His mocking smile faded and his expression became thoughtful, even reasonable. I believe he was seriously considering letting me off the hook. I felt hopeful… And then someone crept up behind me and banged something over my head. I fell to the floor and blacked out. When I opened my eyes, a dozen powdered faces crowded together and leered downward at me. From the looks they were giving me, I had a feeling things were about to get worse. And there was the creature…right up in front. His considerate expression had melted away and he was back to his old, horrible self. \"Well, good morning to you,\" he said with a smirk. I tried to sit up, but couldn't. It was just as I feared. They had me tied to a wooden plank and spread across some chairs. My wrists had been bound together and tied behind my head so that I couldn't lower my arms. My coat was gone, leaving me in only a white linen shirt. I felt cold air on the soles of my feet. I lifted my head and saw that I was barefoot! Yes…it had definitely gone from bad to much worse. \"Make him laugh! Make him laugh!\" everyone chanted as Mozart approached me with wiggling fingers and a wicked grin. \"Don't tickle me!\" I fought madly against the ropes that held me down. His friends laughed at my fearful struggling which only added to my humiliation. I finally lay back and accepted my fate. Maybe if I can resist laughing they will give up and let me go. Even if I do laugh, I must NOT beg for mercy. No matter how bad it gets. That is the final bit of dignity that I refuse to lose. Mozart plunged into my ribs without warning, causing me to flinch violently and almost yelp. I clamped my mouth shut and jiggled with held-back laughter. I instinctively shrank away from the tickles by jerking from side to side, but his hands attacked my ribs from all around so there was no relief. He squeezed my ribs in his gentle hands, on a mission to break me. \"Come on…tickle tickle! I know that tickles!\" he said, smiling. He went for my sides. I whimpered, squirming around on the board under my back, praying for it to end. I bit down on my lip, determined to contain my laughs. The friends shouted out every tickle spot imaginable for him to try, and he responded, \"But we have all night!\" Mozart's fingers spidered up my quivering sides until he came to my armpits, and he paused for dramatic effect…watching my fearful face as I cringed, dreading this next move. He lightly scratched my underarms, gently pressing his fingers into the hollows. God, no, not there! I thought as sweat dripped down my face. I could not hold back any longer! I started to giggle…and soon my giggles became laughter. Loud laughter. The party guests roared. Mozart, grinning in triumph, looked over at them and let out a horrid giggle of his own. \"You found a sweet spot!\" chuckled the lady in the lavender wig. \"Speaking of sweet spots…,\" Mozart said, sliding his hand down to my midsection. \"You know where Salieri puts all his desserts, right?\" And with that, he took my belly in his hands and applied gentle squeezes which made me squeal! \"OOOH! St…stop it! Heeheehehahaha! Oh! Hohohohahahaheehee!\" I absolutely hated my laugh. Almost as much as I hated the creature's. He kept on tickling my stomach, getting his nimble hands right under my shirt so I had no protection. The sensation of his wild fingers on my naked belly sent me into hysterical laughter. Dear God! Make it stop! I know you hate me, God, but please make him stop! I beg of you! I prayed in my mind as tears formed in the corners of my eyes. I would soon be pleading for mercy if this damn tickling kept up much longer. I just couldn't let these sadistic drunkards have that satisfaction. \"STOP TICKLING ME!\" I yelled, doing my best to sound angry but failing miserably…I was laughing and giggling like a complete fool! \"Kitchy kitchy! Kitchy kitchy koo!\" Mozart teased. \"No mercy for Salieri!\" shouted a random man. \"Get his feet!\" called the lavender wig lady. \"Good idea!\" Mozart said, walking over to my restrained and helpless feet. Terrified, I had to swallow a plea of mercy. I knew already how horribly ticklish my feet were, and I would NOT be able to handle it if he tickled me there. \"Why, Salieri, what are you looking so afraid for?\" he asked, teasingly. I scowled at him. \"I...I am not afraid.\" He had a fiendish smile on his face. My terror was obvious. I could not stop trembling. His friends cheering him on, the giggling Mozart pulled up a stool and made himself comfortable. \"Don't tickle my feet!\" I shouted in desperation. Mozart pulled my feet into his lap and produced a very stiff feather, the kind used to make quill pens. \"At least…go easy on the toes?\" He smirked, secured my ankles, and it began. The first strokes on the sides of my feet got me giggling. Next, he stroked my soles and I started to laugh. He smiled, letting the feather flutter over my toes and balls of my feet. \"STOOOHOHOHAHAHAHAHAP!\" I shrieked, throwing back my head and banging it on the board. I felt my cheeks turning bright red. He dragged the stiff feather up and down my bare soles in long, slow strokes. My head whipped from side to side. I bucked wildly, slamming my back against the board as I tried desperately to escape the torturous feather on my soles. No relief came. I was completely at the creature's mercy, and everybody in the room knew it. How they jeered and laughed at poor me, chanting the sacred name of the almighty Amadeus Mozart. The party guests were his loyal subjects and he was their king. \"Let's see how much of this he can take!\" With that, Mozart tossed the feather and began tickling my feet with his fingers. Mozart was a master at using his hands. He exploited my tickle spots with such fantastic skill…I would say equal to the expertise he uses when playing an instrument or conducting an orchestra. His fingers never took a rest. He started by skittering over my soles with a light touch. Then he dragged up and down with a scratching motion. He was ruthless. And the teasing! He never stopped with the baby talk. \"Ohhh, Salieri has got such ticklish feetsies! Yes, he does!\" Mozart laughed, tickling between all my toes as I screamed with laughter. \"HOOHOHOHOAAAAAHAHAHAHA! NOOOO! GOD! HEEHEEHEEHEE! STOP THAT TICKLES! PA…PA…PLEASE!\" Tears rolling freely down my flushing face, I never completely lost my blurred view of Amadeus's jovial friends. They loomed over me. I saw them as the audience members…to an execution. I was being tickled to death by King Chuckles himself. But then he stopped tickling me. He stopped all at once. \"N-no more tickling,\" I begged, both relieved and surprised that he had stopped. \"Please, I can't stand anymore.\" To my amazement, he untied me from the plank and let me go. I collapsed to the hard floor, panting and in a cold sweat. I stayed on my knees for a moment, trying to regain my composure. His friends groaned in protest. They were not pleased that he released me. \"Why did you stop?\" \"That was so hilarious!\" \"You should have kept tickling him.\" Mozart shook his head, raising a stern hand to silence his followers. \"No, no more. I stopped because he said 'please'. The magic word is the safe word. That's my rule.\" They respected his decision and moved on, in search of other things to pique their interest. Soon Mozart had a new game to play with them. It didn't take long to forget about me, which I am thankful for. I searched around for my coat, stockings, and shoes. Assuming my belongings had been crudely discarded, I remained on the cold floor and checked every musty corner. I had no pride left anyway. Then something unexpected happened. Mozart came over and he knelt down in front of me. I wanted to keep my eyes down but I glanced up briefly. He smiled a bit, and set all my belongings in front of me – coat, stockings, shoes, everything he had taken. To top it all off, he grabbed my wrist and slapped a warm strudel into my hand. This must have been his way of apologizing for torturing and humiliating me. With a sly wink, Mozart jumped to his feet and went back to join his friends. I decided to leave at that moment, before I got caught in the middle of another party game. All the rest of the night I could hear his heavenly symphonies in my head…as if trying to make me forget the suffering I endured. To make me forgive Amadeus Mozart for all the bad things he was. I must admit, the tickling itself did make me feel a little better. Yes, it was torturous but afterwards it left me feeling calmer, healthier. As I lay down for sleep, I worried that tonight's incident would haunt me in my nightmares…terrible tickling and Mozart laughing in my face. However, I did not have a nightmare that night. I dreamed a glorious dream of…Mozart. Not the man himself, but his music. The allure and delight found only in his music. I drifted off to sleep, imagining I had the sheets of his music bundled in my arms. The End Well, there you have it. Salieri is ticklish and Amadeus is a tickle monster. Now don't be telling me that I made Mozart out-of-character here. I think he totally seems like the kind of person who would have a tickle fetish. In the movie anyway! So yeah, I think he's in character just fine. Salieri on the other hand? Okay...maybe he's a little out-of-character. But seriously though, that guy just needs to be tickled! I really like F. Murray Abraham...and he looks like a ticklish man if you ask me! ","Summary":" ~Salieri's POV~ Oh, how I loathed that laugh. The most obnoxious noise I have ever heard. His laugh"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Voice of Innocence","Author":"AmadErik","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10415462","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vienna, 7th May, 1825 I was sitting by the side of his bed, saying a silent prayer in my mind. It would have been unlike of a grown man if I started crying, and I would have been ashamed if my old Master noticed that a drop of tear slowly ran across my face, no matter how I tried to hold it back. It was so sad to see him in these ungraceful circumstances, laying on his bed, motionless. I could hardly recognize him, only his eyes were somewhat giving him away, but even those eyes weren't the same. They did not reflect that gentleman - like, strict and yet, still happy and playful glow. Oh no. These eyes were now focusing somewhere behind my back, and I knew well that he could not see me. He was far away, in some dimension that us, mortals can never imagine. A loud, bitter sigh left my lips, and to that sound, he moved. I got surprised to see the old, wrinkly, weak hands that once played the piano with such a beautiful technique, moving. I was so sure that my Master was dead by the time I arrived to his house that I nearly cried out in horror. - Oh, my dear friend. - he whispered. His voice was somewhat recognizable, however it changed and weakened because of his old age, and the illness that has been consuming his body. - so you came to see your old Maestro before he is gone. - Maestro, please don't say such things. - I pulled my chair a bit closer to him, so he won't have to tire himself with the pain of sitting up in his bed. - You got the letter I was dictating to my dear Francesca. And you heard that I need to talk to you, my dear young friend. - Yes. I knew instantly that something was wrong as it wasn't your handwriting. - Francesca is a good daughter. She is here with her old, useless father. She does everything for me. - he coughed a bit, then he slowly closed his eyes for some moments, but then he opened them again. - My dear pupil and friend, you must know that I always thought you were the most talented pupil I have ever had. - Maybe you have fever, Maestro. When I was here with you, you only kept telling me how bad my playing was. - I smiled at him and he smiled back. - I only wanted you to try your best. If I keep telling you how great boy you are, you would have never became the pianist you are right now. You were a bit of lazy boy, and you needed to be teased to work harder. - he laughed a bit, but his laugh was so weak and soft I wanted to cry instead of laughing with him, but I did not show it. He lay his head back on his pillow and looked up to the crucifix above his bed. I thought he fell asleep, but a few moments later he started speaking. - You, my young dear friend, you were always like a son to me. My dear Moscheles, that's why I called you here. You are the only one who believe me. I want to go to Madonna with the belief that I leave this world with a pure soul, that I don't have any sins left behind, and people don't tell things about me that are not true. I don't want my name to be spoken with disgust and hatred by the next generations. - But Maestro, why would they...? They can say nothing but good about you. You are an incredible talent, a great teacher, a gentleman, and a famous musician. - I maybe was all of these you say. I can't judge it myself. Only God and Madonna can judge me in this way, and maybe the next generations who hear my music. But I can sure tell you I am none of these now. Right now, I am just an ill, miserable old fool, waiting for my last hour to come. That's why I make preparations, I only prepare myself to leave this world. I have no other goals to achieve, only this. Will you help me? - Help you? Maestro what do you mean? - Cleaning my name. Please - at this point his voice faded to a soft whisper - please my dear Moscheles, help me to clean my name. You know that Viennese people talk about me. They say I murdered Mozart. - I heard that. - I sighed. - Do you believe them? - he asked with a miserable tone in his voice. - Of course not. - I hurried comforting him - I never believed these rumors. You were never capable of doing something horrible. - You see, my dear Moscheles, we were never good friends with Mozart. He accused me of taking steps against his operas, and on his deathbed, he accused me of poisoning him. I know, he did not mean it on his deathbed, because he was sure delirious with high fever, but the bad thing is, since that people are talking about this. I swear to God that I would never do something like this. I was always a man who followed the rules, all in my life, I was working hard, I respected people, I helped the poor, I always loved animals and children... I married a sweet woman and fathered six beautiful daughters and raised them in good morals, they became well - behaved Italian girls, I gave them everything I could. I wrote more than 40 operas, and other music as well, and I always led a good life that God pleased the Lord. He sat up a bot and put his hand on his heart. - I am deadly ill, so I swear to my immortal soul and tell you, not a word is true of this rumor that I have poisoned Mozart. That's not true, it is a malicious smear-word, please tell the world, my dear Moscheles. I put my hand on his shoulder and nodded. - I will, Maestro, I will. He slowly lay back on his bed. - Old and ill Salieri says so, my dear Moscheles. I did not murder Mozart. - Of course, you did not, Maestro. He closed his eyes and sighed, smiled a bit. I looked up to the crucifix and finished the prayer I was saying before he woke up and we started talking. I did not check if he was still alive. I knew well that even if he was, he only had a few hours left. I whispered in the air - Rest in peace, Antonio Salieri. I left the house, and upon reaching the corner of the street, I heard a sudden desperate scream and cry of a woman. I stopped and ran back a few meters and I heard that the woman says: - Il Padre! Il Padre mio... * I knew well what that meant and I slowly walked away, finally letting my tears flow freely. ","Summary":" Vienna, 7th May, 1825 I was sitting by the side of his bed, saying a silent prayer in my mind. It w"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Confutatis","Author":"daylighthour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12735052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] While most everyone passed the evening watching the stage, I spent the night looking at him, for I knew something was wrong. At the conclusion of the aria by the queen, his face was translucent white as the puffs of smoke exploding on the stage. He huffed an exhausted breath as the audience erupted in applause, applause that my hands did not add to, and slumped at the harpsichord. Even from my box at the highest balcony, the sheen of sweat on his forehead was impossible not to notice. This was the first evidence I'd had that my plan was working; my stomach twisted in knots. Then, it happened. He stepped away from the harpsichord and promptly collapsed, right in the middle of a song. Rather than the plink of the instrument, a hushed gasp from the crowd accompanied the bird man as he continued to trill on stage. I waited in my seat, peering over the balcony, waiting for Mozart to rise. But he continued to lie there, the bird man doing his best to steal glances off stage. One more second, I would give him. One more second and he'd get up, laughing that stupid giggle of his, excusing himself with mock embarrassment and carry on with his opera. But one second stretched to two, then three, and he did not stir. My throat tightened, my breathing becoming slightly choked, as I watched two men from the audience lift his limp body as though he were no more than a girl's doll, thrown to the floor. Had I killed him now? Too soon, the requiem wasn't finished! The image of blank parchment, lines ever unfilled, sparked me to action. I ran from my seat, down the staircase that lead backstage. There he was, the great Mozart, unconscious among planks of wood and bits of set pieces. A group of actors had swarmed him, like vultures ogling at a kill. I shoved two aside. In the dim light of the backstage, he looked like a corpse dug up, but his chest still moved. A bit of my worry subsided, but was replaced by a pulsing urgency. Left lying here with these vaudeville buffoons, if he weren't dead now he soon would be. \"Pick him up!\" The actors stared at me, dumbfounded. \"Pick him up!\" I said again, louder, and one of the men from the audience obliged, slinging the great composer over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. I motioned for him to follow me out of the opera house to the door where all the coaches waited for the end of the show. The man threw Mozart inside the first available coach. I had thought of joining him, but the sight of the young man, sprawled and pale like the dead in the seat, quickly convinced me otherwise. I had almost shut the door to the coach when Mozart's eyes burst open, frantic. \"Is it over?\" He demanded hoarsely. \"Yes, yes it's over,\" I told him quickly, knowing that any other answer would have stopped his heart right there in front of me. He looked as though he believed me, and he slumped back into the seat and closed his eyes again. I told the driver to go and quickly, the faster we got home the greater his reward would be. I hopped on the back of the carriage, on the open seat where paupers often snuck a ride free of charge, and we were off in a fury. I shivered and drew my coat tighter around me. The night was frigid, and the soft falling of snowflakes was picking up speed. A part of me chided myself for not riding in the coach with Mozart, but his sick, chalky face entered my mind and made my cold station feel a tad more comfortable. I found myself worrying, if just for a moment, after his health for his own sake more than mine. Upon arriving at Mozart's home, I bid the driver, with the jangle of a few more coins, to carry the sick man in as I lead the way. The driver didn't ask me how I knew the way, but my feet walked the same steps as they had, lead by Lorel, to spy upon Mozart's compositions. This was a memory and a knowledge I kept for myself, a prickle of guilt in my chest. I opened the door to the bedroom. \"Put him down,\" I said, watching as the driver unloaded the composer into a tangle of bedsheets. The driver, too nosy for his own good, stood at the bedside, staring at Mozart's unconscious form. His payment and a few harsh words chased him out. I extinguished my lamp, lighting a few candles instead for a softer light, and found the two of us alone. I spoke earlier of my madness, the madness of a man torn in half, and this was the madness that seized me in that moment, stretching me apart in every direction. I realized, with a horrible pain in my heart, that if I were to kill him, this would be the perfect opportunity. I needed only to take one of his pillows, press it over his face, smother him, and everyone would believe he had died of illness. It was the opportunity I had waited for since I'd heard his operas, heard the voice of God mocking me with each and every note, and yet because the moment had come, I was paralyzed. Because as I said, it's one thing to dream of killing a man but quite another when it comes time to set your hands to motion. My fingers grabbed for the pillows, but rather than smother him, I adjusted them under his head. I straightened, taking my candles once more and standing at the door to wait for Mozart to open his eyes again, feeling much like fainting myself. ","Summary":" While most everyone passed the evening watching the stage, I spent the night looking at him, for I "},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Concerto de Diavolo","Author":"aminervapr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12632185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Seldom in life have I felt resentment The strength of the songbird lies not in rampage. Imperious and friendless you enter the tide. By grace of your talent alone you've arrived. Political insight is foreign to knaves Had you been more humble I'd fostered you right, ensuring the future raised Mozart on high. Instead haughty fingers play maddening tones Thine macabre laugh threatens sanity's hold. Helpless I watch as you butcher my work. Our emperor finds it amusing to view. Divine revelation of songs fit for Muse Through all my existence I've never produced. And now God torments me by showing this hour my talent is not to make but recognize. Hate swells in my breast as I dream your demise. But oh how I covet your prodigal mind That forms in an instant a melody fine Putting all previous efforts to shame. The seraphic tone of your music I've read. Should mere mortals happen upon your recitals, the name Salieri could fade into night. Be they child to beggars or heirs to a king those willing to herald the vibrant maestro Would believe you Apollo reborn. ","Summary":" Seldom in life have I felt resentment The strength of the songbird lies not in rampage. Imperious a"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Ad Expectandum","Author":"dharmaharker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10711015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In the last moments of my life, I saw it. I knew. I saw- him! Eyes burning, eyes watering in musical heat, lusting after my life's blood. My Requiem. And I let myself fall backwards. All faded. My weary eyes closed. I was already gone. Then there was the muffled sound of a door. Little footsteps followed by smaller feet. She...! The room was spinning, aching, burning. The room was... slipping. Her sweet image was fleeting, a death bed vision. All was blurred, my boy beside me playing with the coins I died for to buy him bread. And her! My love, my life, my sweet wife, her face so close to mine. I never said a word to her. I was suddenly too weak. I wanted to laugh, I wanted to laugh, but I could make no sound. I really did love you , I breathed. She didn't hear. I couldn't speak, I couldn't say. I tried so hard to fix my last words. I tried to tell her. I couldn't. I had wasted my last words. She turned her back to face the man. Iago! Brutus! Judas! Oh, hell... I blinked, my eyes heavy with sleep. Eyes open. No rest. She wept over me, my angel wept, and it was the doing of a hateful man who never understood. A man who feigned friendship to gain what he lacked. A man full of envy and wrath and avarice, who never loved and never lived, who never saw the lives he destroyed outside of mine. A man who rejoiced when his father died when my own father's death had killed me inside. I harbored no disdain for him in my heart, I never will. My last words were spoken true. In that moment, before my muteness, when Salieri stood before me, I had looked at him and told him I had never thought he cared for me. I was right. And I asked him for his forgiveness. It was never granted. ","Summary":" In the last moments of my life, I saw it. I knew. I saw- him! Eyes burning, eyes watering in musica"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"A Day of Weeping","Author":"Rycoli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11971091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Day of Weeping Homage paid to his land of beauty, death relayed, life delayed, work dismayed. None tribute to his loyal cause. Poisoned envied, mercy granted, justice gifted. Grants eternal light upon rest, praised in the land of eternal fires. Saved from loss, condemmed to gain. Mercy from the saviour of kingdom anon. Mercy from the nemesis of gates draw. Day of judgement upon those guilty. Caused grief, no lease. Day of anger the blamed dissolved in the ashes of trembling. Trembling before thee guard of beauty a none, as foretold by ministrates and derators. As he descends from the void of the ether to inspect all things closer. And the horns will form their hope for sound. The magnet of silver, acid of vandalism and the apraxium of light. Death and nature will tremble upon the throne of astounding. And a none guard of the pits of hell and the gates of heaven. The content untouched whilst the melancholy undone. When the judging guard takes his place upon what is hidden nothing remains unavenged. But what for me to say? Who shall intercede for me, when the just ones need mercy? Oh guard a none of tremendous judging, with just saving of the free, save them, source of mercy. When the wicked confouded upon doomed flames of insufferable woe. Call them to be among those who skur pass your majesty. They kneel upon you with submission. Help them in their final moments. Oh but when the guard falls upon the golden blue gates, from the checked grey tiles. And homage paid. That day of tears on the morning of judging. All to be judged. Spare the faithful guard who fell for his land. Grant him rest upon the blessed. Save him from the lions mouth lest he fall into eternal darkness with those he punished. The guard guilty? Or shall he be known evermore to be just? In his place, a shrine of remembrance to his fateful death, remember his faithful life. A non living being to take his place, never to die, never to feel, never to live again. ","Summary":" The Day of Weeping Homage paid to his land of beauty, death relayed, life delayed, work dismayed. N"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Requiem","Author":"Leander2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7547632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amadeus. In my language, the name is Amadeo. Beloved of God. Wolfgang Amadeus. For quite some years I made it my business to hate you. You were the enfant terrible , the screaming brat thrown into my ordered, powdered world. Of course, it was not so very long before you destroyed it, piece by piece, never once realising that anything you did could ruin or offend or distress. How I loved to hate you. I cherished fantasies of your operas being booed, of stony silences following your concertos and your symphonies, of the Emperor yawning not once, but three or four or five times during your finales. These dreams became so real I could see the sweat of disbelief on your brow, feel the agonised tension in the theatre… but of course, when it came to it, they all cheered and the Emperor was not seen to yawn again after that first miserable time in La Nozze di Figaro and your music triumphed over all. Oh yes. Your music. The one reason why I found myself unable to hate you completely. I hated your boyish bragging, your posturing, your dreadful snobbish little common wife and your laugh… your awful, braying excuse for a laugh will haunt me to the end. I hated your cheap friends with their bawdy games and I loathed the way the Emperor so admired your work. I was a foreigner in Vienna, one of a group of elevated and disapproving Italians who thought the Germans knew nothing of music. Then I heard you play. It was in Salzburg, I believe, at the Archbishop's Palace, and it was a kind of music I had never heard before. It fired me and doubled me over with jealousy; it tormented me when I found I could write nothing of the sort. All my life I had longed to write music like that. Through hours of drafts and revisions, I created something approaching it… but for a mere boy to scribble it down once on a piece of paper and reach perfection! It was intolerable! How many ways I planned for disposing of you… a misplaced fencing thrust, a weight dropping onto the stage, the conventional assassin… but nothing was good enough for you. I planned to usher you off this mortal plane with a finale that everyone remembered, but in the end my assistance was not required. You did it yourself, unknowingly, drenching your health with wine, sleeping barely an hour a night in desperation to finish your music, torn between your Requiem for a dead father and an opera for a cheap theatre that your friend promised you good money for. Your end, when it came, was understated. Quiet. Heartbreaking. I sat in that pathetic excuse for a theatre on that last night and watched you. I hated you with a passion so sharp it hurt me, but I had never missed a single one of your operas. It was I who ruined your run of Don Giovanni . It infuriated me, and with the aid of the Kappelmeister I made sure it only saw five performances, but I went to each one and sat hidden in the shadows, listening to the music with my heart simultaneously thrilling and despairing. You drove me mad. And, on this last night, when the soprano had sung her triumphant aria Der Hölle Rache , you faltered. I heard it. No one else would have noticed, but I did. I had heard this before, and I knew when you made a mistake. Minutes later, you collapsed. The singers were slow to realise, and the audience even more so, but I fled from that box as though the hordes of Hell were after me. I had intended to leave, so sure I was that my hate had finally killed you, but instead I ended up at your side. I took you back to your cold quarters in the middle of Vienna, which your wife and son had deserted in her disgust at your methods of working, and there I sat with you. My enemy. Through the whole night, we worked on your father's Requiem. You dictated from your deathbed and I wrote, while the candle burned down and your face grew paler and paler. Then, in the early morning, you asked me to forgive you. For thinking I cared nothing for you and your music. Forgive you? You were right; I cared nothing for you . I maintain that now. You were a foolish and arrogant boy whose talent was far beyond his deserving, but you could write music like a god. You were my god. And in time the funeral wound its way through the streets of Vienna and I followed it, triumphant and grief-stricken. The Emperor would ask me to write his operas again, but the music had left the world. Never again would I hear your chords, your adagios, your andantes, played with your hand. But they lived on. Scholars and musicians throughout Vienna played them, tormenting and delighting me; I heard your melodies drifting out of windows, across squares, through gardens. No one remembers my work. I was the toast of the moment. They have forgotten me now. Perhaps a few pieces survive, here and there, but no one really recognises them. I am the lost composer. Flung into the dark shadow of your star. God damn you, Amadeus. What daring, what longing you put into your work! Never have I had an enemy like you. Never did I hate a man so much or love a composer so well. God damn you. Reviewer Date Chapter Type Johnathan Cain 2002-08-20 1 Signed Wonderfully written short piece that caputures the foundation - if now quite the intensity of Salieri's hatred, and the realisation of his condemnation to obscurity. I had an ex girlfriend who *liked* listening to Salieri... odd girl was Christine... Julia (fantasie_) 2002-08-09 1 Anonymous WELL DONE! Amadeus is my favorite movie, and Mozart is my inspiration. I'm glad to see people writing about it. You have done a perfect job in expressing Salieri's feelings...Keep it up ^_^ GalaxyLei 2002-04-07 1 Signed Nice. It captures the character of Salieri very well. Lisa 2002-02-18 1 Anonymous Hey, AM, that was a great story. I too found Salieri's mixed emotions about Mozart intriguing and I think you really captured it well in this story. I wish more people would write about this subject. Thanks for sharing and again, it was awesome! Dakki 2002-02-18 1 Signed YAY! Finally more Amadeus fic. i absolutely adored the movie and you did a great job of capturing Salieri's feelings... Kae Ti 2002-02-16 1 Signed oo; Scary ","Summary":" Amadeus. In my language, the name is Amadeo. Beloved of God. Wolfgang Amadeus. For quite some years"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Confutatis","Author":"GenevieveRaas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8040550","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Confutatis All men are equal in God's eye. Yes. All men are equal. How could it be otherwise? The thoughts swam around the priest's mind as he made his way back through the icy Vienna streets to St. Stephens. The cold wind beat against his face, almost punishing him for thinking of such a silly belief. It has to be true. The old man had to be lying. He had to be. God is not discriminate. Is he? This night the priest had experienced what it meant to have one's soul shaken. The story was too terrible, too unthinkable, too…possible. He had never heard a confession filled with such passionate spite. The old man seemed a punished soul, continually reminded of his mediocrity as he was erased from the minds of those who once applauded him. The priest could see St. Stephens in the near distance shrouded by the falling snow. The snow made him feel like frozen tears were being shed for the misery of the forgotten. He pulled opened the heavy door and made his way to his rooms. He felt some relief from his reflections being greeted by the warmth of the fire. Fire. Eternal fire. Confutatis. A cold shiver accosted his body, and he quickly poured himself some wine and sat in his chair. Confutatis meladictis. Flammis acribus addictis, voca me cum benedictus. Watching the licking flames brought back the sound of the timpani drum the old man had demonstrated. Bum, bum, bum… The drum got louder as it beat into his mind. Bum, bum, bum… He began to understand the madness the old man talked about. An eternal pounding. Never any peace from the rushing of the blood, and the loud sounds of the beating heart as it cried out for vengeance. Bum, bum, bum… The thoughts were overwhelming. Never ceasing. Continuing to get louder and louder until he felt his brain would burst. He saw. He saw what drove men to murder. Murder. Blood. The only sacrifice that would quell the flames of insanity. Perhaps the old man was right. How could God allow any such torment for one of his beloved creatures? What makes one man preferred over another? Wasn't that a contradiction? Had God made a contradiction? All men were not equal. God displayed favoritism. No. No. That is not right. Not possible. As the priest sunk further into his chair, the flames beginning to slowly swirl together through the haze of the wine, he realized the old man's fallacy. The old man seemed to have forgotten one important fact. Free will. He had a choice. He made it. He was damned by it. This epiphany began to elevate the priest's soul once more. The old man was wrong. He had chosen the path of inequality. The path of mediocrity. Bum, bum, bum… The drums were becoming more silent and the pounding in his head was softer with each passing breath. He had seen the edge of madness and returned. Hell had been experienced and its anguish would leave a scar in his heart until his last day. Confutatis meladictis. Flammis acribus addictis, voca me cum benedictus. ","Summary":" Confutatis All men are equal in God's eye. Yes. All men are equal. How could it be otherwise? The t"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Simply Beautiful","Author":"Hickathesuperelephantsandwich","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13077937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Antonio Salieri x Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart SLASH M/M As beautiful as always. The tunes, the rhythm, the elegance! Rocking and slowing at the same time showing an unspeakable dance between nothings and everythings. How could something be written on just a few simple papers, somehow portray the words of god? The papers owned by the young man Mozart could. They always did. And there was nothing that Antonio Salieri could do but stand there in awe and jealousy, as the childish devil brutally without warning dragged him down by his angel wings slowly creeping up to heaven nearer the lord then he could ever have been. Why was it so unfair that he now, even as he left the orchestra he could hear the small ringing of music in his head. Dancing ballerinas that the emperor oh so forbidden, but still somehow being on the scene right in front of his very eyes. The tipping toes lightly swinging across the floor, a disgrace and yet still... perfection. The composer not looking away once, not moving, barley blinking. Such shame to be thinking about it. But who could blame him? It was beautiful. If he not make a promise to the II:nd Joseph that he swears to himself was a big mistake, he would have finally gotten home no needing to bath even more in his jealous temper of that brats drowning in praise. What was the point in after parties in any case? To gludge yourself in sweets? Not like anyone (including himself) hadn't a load in their precious little cabinet to last in their pot bellies for days to be satisfied. Nonetheless sweets was the reason for that he came and none other! (Be difficult if having to explain that if someone were to ask, without it seeming him to sound like a gluttonous impudent) It's not like he had anything else to occupy himself with so might as well, if that means no payment for getting some time wasting calories. (He should really rephrase that) On his way for the ballroom he could nothing but be slightly awaiting what the young musician would be spotting to plan this time with his usual antics. Some tag maybe? No to simple, maybe making fun of someone while playing soft tunes on his clavier again? Or maybe simply nothing. Ha no! That was almost embarrassing enough to phantom, he had enough time of seeing this boy to be certain to know that the man-child could not sit still on his stool for five minutes or less without getting antsy on straddling a woman's golden locks just to get attention. Still, there was always a possibility. Slowly touching the golden handel of the giant white painted door, he slowly opened. Drumming on key to key. Music came like a pang in his ears as Dejavu slowly overtook his senses. Heart fluttering rapidly. He heard such a familiar tune that he couldn't put his finger on. But it somehow had changed. It was different yet the same. It was his music. But with more notes… Slowly opening his eyes, the composer whipped his head to where the sound came from. A piano in the corner of the large room, surrounded by dimly lit candles almost giving a warm satisfying feeling sat none other than the famous man himself. \"Herr, Mozart\" His voice came out a little rusty (most likely by the lack of conversation Antonio had after the performance) cut out in the air without him registering what he just said. Two small emerald eyes looked back at him in an almost shocked expression but quickly wiped away by a plastered over excited grin. \"Famous composer Mister Antonio Salieri! What a pleasure my good sir!\" The voice boomed through the echoing halls, almost agonizing in Salieris ears as he tried to gain his composure. Trying not to get noticed by his obvious uncomfortable behavior he gave a small barley hearted smile. \"I see you are playing my tunes, at least a similar one at that?\" The musician only stared for a moment and then letting out one of those awful horse laughs. Dear lord how he despise that sound. \"Well you are not wrong my dear friend!\" Lies, He had never ever been more than mare allies with this gods playing putant! \"I saw these notes laying at one of the tables sense last festivity, must have either been you or one of your pupils having forgotten it here!\" Presumably one of his pupils. \"So curiosity was thrown over my head and I kinda experimented and well… here I am! You probably heard some of it on your way in here. I hope.. you are not offended by me doing this to your song, Mr Salieri?\" The brown haired 6 years older man had zoomed out between the others blabbering, it peaked his interest? Does that mean one of his songs had inspired or at least been looked upon by fathers musician himself. It was not like the younger man had not heard or seen his songs before but it seemed it was of something he had to more than wanted. And far from interested was easily read on the little mans face the least time he saw his performance. All he could hear was murmuring in the background, as Salieri was still deep in thought. \"Could you play it for me please?\" Simple question asked startled Mozart a little bit. \"Why of course i can, just a warning there is somethings changed- a - a lot…\" The other presumably pretty embarrassed from being caught red handed playing an unapproved piece by another author. Antonio, Rolling his eyes at that almost feels a smile creeping up on his face as he nods in approval. Sitting slowly down at a nearby stool ready for the impact. Small light and fast tunes started at the beginning as Salieri instantly recognized the melody, 'Der Rauchfangkehrer' one of his more famous songs with a fast paced light beginning with a buildup that was worked on many many months to achieve. And of course something changes. Where it was supposed to tone down, the notes continued in a chaotic way only Mozart knew how. Feeling eyes almost watering, tearing on the inside. He could feel the same feeling that he did before, from the time of the others welcome from the emperor. Rage, jealousy, hatred, sadness…..harmony. The music made from his hands was of course exceptional but never something like this. The theory easily proved by the endless 'to many notes' continuing with each agonizing moment. And he loved it. Forever wanting to be tortured by the whipping pain the donkey laughing maniac had no knowing about. And the worst of it all, he didn't know why he felt it. Driving insanity to its core. At last for what felt like a century, his heart thumping tone haltingly slowed with one last key silencing the space in between. Eyes getting in contact. It was satisfying and told an unspoken tension. \"Remarkable…\" Words shyly uttered out almost like a whisper through the now quiet halls. \"Would you like to learn it?\" His body tensed. \"What…?\" \"You heard what I said didn't you old fellow!? You said it was remarkable right!? Wouldn't it be an honor to learn your own music through someone else's eyes!? It'd be an honor for me too to teach you!\" The composer was simply dumbfounded, having no words spoken through his shaped lips. This situation… was not what he expected. Though it should not be such a big deal, Antonio wanted a gracefully planned situation he easily could manipulate. But how could he had been such a fool, this was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart the play lustfull and childlike man born just 6 years after himself though feeling it was rather the day prior the present. Learning from such would be a mockery from the whole world to see and yet… Here he was 5 meters from a concoction of heaven and hell reaching their hand out for your judgement to be hold. How could he resist. An impatient hand hooked his wrist and dragged the poor man towards the instrument. Roughly seated him beside the younger and placed the tip of his hands on the keyboard. \"I promise you Antonio-\" His name….. \"This will be fun!\"[Chapter 2] It should have been so simple. Ink painted characters on the sheet of carefully crafted oak tree paper, the literal message of instructions of which to press. Yet it was impossible. The struggle was endless and judgemental eyes observed every move. The crippling sensations on thy back, warmth breathing in on the man's left collar. Madness… all chaos in an unspoken language. Mozart holding his tone down all throughout the diversion, the older though only hearing screaming voices echoing all over his senses. Until a horrific vibration of a million notes was displayed. \"M - my apologies, I j - just can… cannot do this.\" In a swift motion the younger figure quickly turned. \"Oh common wait! Sal-\" The younger stopped midway and invertedly sighed to himself gazing back at the now blurry signs in front of his figure. Both at a bit loss for words. Mozart did know that the older had no better potential then him. It was quite obvious actually, even though artistic influences from his past was told to never done judge another. But he had literary been grown and groomed to be a musician, the other to put it simply… was not. And with that fact Mozart could not phantom what Salieri felt at this very moment, always at the most on second and at the least. . . \"Look Wolfgang I despise to say this, but… \" The Keys were left from his touch. \"I do not have your talent.\" Eyes were locked with each other, an utterly complete silence with neither saying a sentence. It wasn't needed for the moment. It was… quite weird. For as long as both of the men could have remembered, none of them have had much of a confidential moment with each other. Not like they ever wanted to have such, however they did not have much of a choice by now. Each heartbeat was agonizing with every second that passed, the back of the cranium pulsing in such a way that felt like injuries from the coldest of warfares. He could not deny it, it hurt to say and it made his mouth dry just thinking it. All he wished was to just elude right at this moment, melt to the floor if that was necessary. But to not stand for such accusing orbs beholding his psyche. If it was not for this situation keening would have been a valuable option. He understood everything and nothing. \"Antonio…\" He flinches. \"I think we need to talk…\" ","Summary":" Antonio Salieri x Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart SLASH M/M As beautiful as always. The tunes, the rhythm, "},{"Movie":"Boy in the Striped Pyjamas","Title":"What could have been!","Author":"Corky165xxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9402937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Ralf was running around searching for his only son bruno then he saw an empty hut and realised he could be in with them about to be killed along with them so he shouted bruno once again and started running when he got to the cabin he saw people being pushed into another room which he knew exactly what it was and he shouted \"BRUNO\" then he heard the voice he was hoping to hear \"DAD\" so Ralf ran once again shouting \"BRUNO, STOP OPEN THE DOOR RIGHT NOW\" and the other soldier said \"but sir\" and Ralf shouted \"NOW\" so the soldier opened the door and Ralf goes in and pushes people out the way to get to his son and once he did he pulled his son into a great big hug and says \"bruo what was you thinking\" in a loving way and bruno replys by saying \"i was trying to help my friends shmuel he is kind to me and would never hurt me ever dad im telling the truth\" and Ralf believes his son because he can see it in his eyes and then picks him up and says \"then he comes with us\" and takes shmuel hand and shmuel took it without hesitation and Ralf took the two boys out of that horrible room. And told the soldier to carry on but keep it quiet so his son will not get more scared then he already is and once they were out he told shmuel to put his clothes back on he didnt really want to put bruno in those clothes so he left him he just put him down on the bench and took his goat off and put it round bruno and picked him up again and carried him out to his mother who was right out side at this point and gave bruno to his mother who took bruno from him and hold him so tight everyone thought she would never let go of him ever again and she looked up at shmuel and he noticed she had tear rolling down her face and then she asks her husband \"whos he\" and Ralf replys by saying \"this is shmuel and he is bruno best friend and bruno told me he is kind and will never hurt him and i believe him\" as he said that he joined his wife and daughter hugging bruno and elsa hold out her hand to shmuel and said \"thank you for being there for him when he needed it the most\"and pulled him into the hug aswell, shmuel didnt say anything he was to scared to say anything at this point and didnt know what to do when elsa pulled him into the hug the family was having. Then elsa picks bruno up but just before she does she makes sure he is probably covered in the coat his fathers gave him to keep him warm and then she carrys bruno home, and Ralf had a hugh grin on his face because he was happy his baby boy was safe and was thinking 'i will never let him go again and i will always be there for him when he needs it the most' then he realised shmuel walking behind everyone and walks up to him and asks \"whats wrong shmuel\" and shmuel replys queitly to him \"what aboout my father\" and Ralf asks him what his fathers name was and shmuel told him and Ralf realises who is father is and says \"i dont know how to tell you this shmuel but your father died from a disease he catched before he came to the camp, many people tryed to cure it once he got here and i know he never showed it because he didnt want to scare you from it so he hide it from you i am so sorry\" he said kneeling on the floor in front of shmuel and pulls him into a hug because shmuel now started to cry from the loss of his father and hugs Ralf back and Ralf picked him up and carried him the rest of the way. and once they got there Ralf notiched shmuel had fallen asleep in his arm and he looked up at his wife and she said \"bruno fall asleep aswell the must be really tired lets put them to bed in brunos room\" and with that said they both carried the boys upstairs and into brunos room, Ralf put shmuel on the bed that was in the middle of the room while elsa got bruno dressed into his pyjamas and gave Ralf some spare ones to change shmuel so he wasnt in those dirty pyjamas anymore then once they both were done they went to the door and turned around and elsa says \"everything will change now\" and Ralf nodded and closed the door behind them once they left the two sleeping boys to sleep. i would just like to say i would never have wrote this without the help of one of my best friends charlotte. And i hope you enjoyed it there will be more chapters on the way and i hope you enjoy all of them.[Chapter 2] chapter 2 when bruno and shmuel woke up after being asleep for at least 2 hours after they got back from nearly being killed at that camp. Ralf and elsa made bruno, shmuel and gretel some dinner and shmuel was that hungry that he ate all of the food that was on his plate. the next day Ralf and elsa are trying to tell the kids that they are gonna move again but shmuel is scared that they are going to leave him but Ralf looks at him and says \"your coming with us so dont think we are going to leave you here\" he had said while putting a hand on shmuels shoulder and shmuel smiles and then bruno comes into the room and asks his mom and dad where they were moving to and elso replys by saying \"we are moving to europe to start a new life in a different part of the country\" bruno says \"ok\" with a sad smile. Elsa looks at her husband with a knowing look, and Ralf tells the kids to go to bed and then he tucks them ito bed and then he meets elsa in the dining room to discuss bruno because he has been acting strange ever since the tragedy that accured a couple of hours ago. And then elsa speaks up \"we need to keep a close eye on bruno\" then Ralf says \"i know we also have to make sure shmuel feels like he belongs in this family and is comfortable with the changes that will come to his life now that he is no longer in that camp\" then they agree to sleep on it and the next morning htye wake up and decide to give it a couple of months before they fully decide to adopt shmuel and to see if bruno and gretel are ok with it but mostly to see if bruno opens up to them and then decide on what is best for them. but at this moment they are really scared bruno won't open up to them. then elsa and Ralf walked into the living room and saw gretel reading a book on the sofa and her showing shmuel the book while she reads because she has gotten used to shmueland feels really sorry for him and she was showing him how to read, then they saw bruno on the floor in the corner crying and elsa asks her daughter \"how long has he been like that gretel\" and gretel replys by saying \"i dont know he just came down like 2 mins before you walked in\" elsa looked at her husband who was making his way over to bruno and knelt down beside him and says \"bruno are you going to tell us whats wrong, cause we cant help you if you don't\" he said putting an arm around bruno who flinched from the touch and Ralf put a sad smile on his face but then bruno nodded and Ralf picked him up and put him on the sofa since elsa told gretel to take shmuel upstairs so they could talk to bruno. bruno sat there for a while not speaking and then finally said \"dad do you know exactly whats going on in that camp\" he said starting to to cry but hold back some of the tears. and Ralf says \"yes of course i do son\" and bruno looked up at him and says \"really so did you know that lieutenant kotler never left and was there hurting people including me\" he said with a hint of anger in his voice thats when Ralf looked at his son with a shocked face and says \"what do you mean including you\" he asked his son and bruno says \"he was there dad and he saw mw and didnt even try to help instead he started kicking and punching me in the stomach while saying 'you deserve all this and everything your gonna get' and when mom was carrying me out, i saw him and he mouthed to me 'i will find you' and then i fall asleep i guess\" elsa then started to hug her son really tightly while she was crying with tears rolling down her face but Ralf on the other hand looked like he was going to kill someone and he then joined his wife in hugging bruno and says \"we won't let him touch you ever again i promise\" then with that said they were in that position for another hour or two before they finally noticed that bruno had fallen asleep and Ralf carried him upstairs and got him dressed for bed and then told shmuel to go to bed aswell in brunos room and gave his son a kiss goodnight but didnt think shmuel would be comfortable with it yet so he turned the lift off and shut the door behind him and went to bed himself. well theres chapter 2 and there will be more soon but i would like to say thank you to charlotte once again for helping me create this story so anyway i hope you enjoyed it.[Chapter 3] chapter 3 the next morning their all packed and ready to go to start a new life somewhere else. Bruno and shmuel are still asleep so gretel goes upstairs to wake them up and tell them to get dressed and ready to leave in the next 30 minutes... 30 minutes later they all put their bags in the car and then start the car, and drive through the gates. the gate opens and they leave the house. on the trip there they are talking about what had happened and bruno interupts and tells them to stop because shmuel had started to cry cause he really didnt want to be reminded about what had happened to him and the other, and gretel hugs shmuel and elsa and ralf stop talking about what had happened so then bruno falls asleep and when they finally got to their new house they park the car onto the drive and get out of the car and gretel carries bruno into the house because he was still asleep. when bruno finally woke up they started unpacking the car and the van then they take the furniture into the house and into the rooms. bruno and shmuel are gonna share a room and gretel has her own since she is the only girl and is the oldest. while they are unpacking they find old stuff from the old house and it was gretels posters and brunos football and his bag. bruno and shmuel are laughing and talking when elsa, ralf and gretel walk in and say \"boys we are going into town would you like to come with us\" and they say \"no can we stay here please\" and elsa says \"yes but do not answer the door to no one okay we have a key to get in\" so when thye leave they lock up all the doors and says bye to the boys and once they are gone bruno goes down stairs to get a drink and something to eat and shmuel followes him and then they sit downstairs and wait for them to get back from town and the all of a sudden the door knocks and bruno goes to see who it is even though he cant answer it he would like to know who it is and then he sees that it is lieutenant kotler and backs away from the door and over to shmuel who was really confused. well thats chapter 3 i'm sorry its short but the next chapter will be longer i promise and i would like to say thank you to my friends charlotte again for helping me with chapter so THANK YOU SO MUCH CHARLOTTE[Chapter 4] chapter 4 the door rings again but they still don't answer it so the lieutenant kotler goes round to the back door and breaks it down and Shmuel and Bruno run upstairs but before Bruno got very far kotler (just gonna call him that so don't have to waste my time writing lieutenant kotler) grabs Bruno and pulls him towards him and yells at him \"i told you i was gonna get you again\" and Bruno is really scared and starts to cry and looks at Shmuel who kotler did not see and Bruno mouthed to him to go hide upstairs and Shmuel did what he was told to do and didn't quietly so kotler didn't find him. then kotler drags Bruno outside and over to his car and opens his trunk and pulls out some rope and wraps it around brunos wrist and ankles and then throws him in the trunk and goes into his pocket and pulls out a roll of tape and puts some over brunos mouth who had started to scream for help, then looks down at Bruno who had began to cry once again and smiled at him then slammed the trunk shut closed and get into the driver's seat and drives away at full speed. then 5 mins later Elsa and Ralf arrive home and go through the back door and notice that the door has been knocked down so Elsa scream the boys names but she didn't get an answer from either one of them and Ralf runs upstairs to find Shmuel and Bruno and then finds Shmuel hiding under his bed and Ralf kneels down and says \"Shmuel what happened and where's Bruno\" then Shmuel started to shake and cry and says \"he...came...and...took...him...Bruno...told...me. ..to...hide...and...i...tried...to...help...him... but...he...wouldnt...let...me!\" he stuttered and Ralf asks \"and Shmuel \"who came and took him Shmuel\" and Shmuel says \"lieutenant kotler he took Bruno\" and then Shmuel starts to cry even more than he did before but Ralf on the other hand was getting really angry and guilty with the fact that he had promised Bruno that he would protect him from kotler and now kotler has Bruno and he doesn't know where they are. then he calms down because he remembers Shmuel was still in the room and still under the bed scared to death so he says \" okay Shmuel we are going to sort this out but i need you to come out from under the bed to explain to us exactly what happened okay, no one will hurt you\"and shmuel looks up at ralf and nods and starts to come out from under the bed and Ralf takes his hand and helps him up and says \"good now let's go downstairs to the others\" and takes him downstairs to his wife and daughter. once Elsa sees Shmuel she notices he has red puffy eyes and realises Bruno is not with them and asks he husband where Bruno is and what had happened to Shmuel and he says \"kotler has taken Bruno and Bruno told Shmuel to hide and he did and kotler took Bruno and when i get my hands on him I'm going to hands on him I'm going to kill him for kidnapping my son\" she gasps and starts to cry for her son and Gretel starts to cry aswell for her brother. WITH BRUNO SOMEWHERE ELSE now Bruno was really scared he wanted to go home to his parents and sister and he felt like they have driven for hours when they finally came to a halt and he heard a car door slam shut and he started to panick then the trunk opened and there was kotler with a huge smile on his face and he hold up his hand up and in his hand was a needle so he started to scream because he was scared of want was in the needle and started to move around to get away from kotler but it didn't work because kotler grabbed him by his arms and lifted him out of the trunk and placed the needle down and went into his pocket and pulled out a cloth and placed it over brunos eyes so he could no longer see anything and then he felt himself being pulled up to his feet but then he felt a stinging sensation in his neck and his head started going fuzzy but he just about heard kotler say something to him \"this is what you deserve when you double cross me, and don't worry you will be knocked soon so it wont hurt for long\" and with that said his world went blank but he could hear laughter in the distance. when he finally woke up he realised he was tied to a metal table and no longer had the cloth over his eyes but he did still have tape over his mouth and he tried to wriggle his way out of the rope but they were too tight and that's when the door swung open and standing in the door way was kotler with a knife in his hand and a huge grin on his face then he said \"this is gonna make my day\" he says walking over to Bruno and lifting up his shirt and he placed the knife on brunos stomach and he takes the tape off of brunos mouth and Bruno started to cry and he said to him \"please don't d..do this i s...swear i w...won't tell anyone if y..you l...let me g...go\" and kotler replys by saying \"now why would i do that it will wreck the fun\" he said with a giant smile then he started carving into Bruno with the knife and he wrote onto his stomach 'you deserve this' and Bruno was screaming and crying out for him to stop but that just made kotler laugh and when he finally stopped and Bruno started crying really loud and kotler slapped a hand over his mouth and they heard a knock on the door and Bruno tried to scream but kotler had muffled his screams then he took out the tape and put some over brunos mouth, and told him to keep it quiet or else and went to open the door but to his relief it was just the neighbor asking what all the noise was and he just told him he just had a new dog and when the neighbor asked to see this dog and kotler yelled no and slammed the door shut and went into the room where Bruno was and went up to him and slapped him around the face and says \"you nearly got us caught by that stupid neighbor you little brat\" that's when Bruno lost consciousness and kotler left the room. Bruno then woke up a day later and all the memory's came back of what happened the night before and realised he didn't no longer have the tape on but he thought it was useless to try to scream cause it will just land him a beating twice as bad as the first own and when he looked down and saw the blood covering his shirt and he was in so much pain it even hurt when he breathed because he has lost too much blood and he is a bit fuzzy then the door bursts open and kotler comes in and walks over to Bruno and says \"this is where my life gets better\" and he unties him and drags him out of the room and down the hall into another room with a chain dangling from the ceiling in the center of the room and kotler chains Bruno to it and lifts him off of the floor. then kotler injects something into his neck again but this one didn't make him pass out it just made his head all fuzzy then kotler turned and left the room and two hours later he hears a banging but couldn't figure out what it was happening cause his head was all over the place and then he heard loud noises but couldn't understand what it was and then the door opens and a man enters and walks over to him and the man came into clear view it was his father \"dad\" he said trying to stay awake and his dad lets him off of the chain and holds him on his lap and says to him \"Bruno I'm sorry, i will make this up to you i promise\" and replys by saying \"dad d..don't make p..promises y...you can't k...keep\" then he passes out in his dads arms and Ralf carries him out to the ambulance that was waiting outside. well there you have it chapter 4 hope you like it as much as the others and i would like to thank my friend charlotte once again so anyway hope you enjoyed it[Chapter 5] chapter 5 Bruno woke up the next morning in the hospital to sees that his mom, dad and Gretel, Shmuel are sitting by his bed. then his mom notices and runs up to his bed and gives him a big hug and starts to cry when the doctor comes in and explains why he has been passed out for so long he said it was from what ever he was injected with and said he will be fine once it passes through his system the Elsa says \"thank god so he will be ok\" and the doctor says \"yes he will be ok but there are other injures that he has which we will need to keep an eye on them but other than that he should be fine\" then else says \"thank you doctor\" \"its okay we will do our best in making you look better\" and the doctor walked out leaving the room quiet. then suddenly Shmuel speaks up and says \"so is he going to be okay then\" and Elsa tells him whats going on and then the doctor comes in and asks to talk to Ralf and Elsa outside and Elsa asks him\"so when can we take him home doctor\" and he says \"about 5-7 days because he needs to be stable to walk and at the moment his not, and anyway I needed to tell you that Bruno needs surgery for the wounds on his stomach\" and Ralf asks \"why you said they were fine\" I know but I didn't realise how deep the wounds were untill I had a proper look at them, well anyway it will be in half an hour and the surgery will only last an hour then he will be back in here\" he said giving them a smile and Ralf says \"ok thanks for letting us know, now we need to let Bruno know\" the doctor then says \"ok I will send someone in to get him ready in about 10 minutes\" he said walking away. when they walked back into Bruno's room and find Gretel and Shmuel sitting on the bed with Bruno but Bruno was just looking at the ceiling not saying a word to them, and Elsa spokes up \"ok guys be carefull and Bruno you need to have surgery to fix the wounds on your stomach because the wounds are to deep ok\" Bruno nodded then started to cry cause he was remembering how he got the wounds in the first place, and Ralf runs up to Bruno and hugs him and tells him that everything will be okay and that he will make it through this. then the nurses come in and get Bruno ready for surgery and once they have taken him up to surgery Elsa started to cry and Ralf asks \"whats wrong they said it will go alright\" and Elsa says \"no not that Bruno hasn't said a word to us since he woke up and I'm worried that he might not talk to us \"Elsa his terrified after what happened to him we just have to make sure he know his save with us\" Elsa nodded in agreement and the hugged her husband and Shmuel and Gretel joined them. an hour later they bring Bruno back down but he is still unconscious and they say he will wake up in the next 20 minutes. so they wait for him to wake up and once Bruno wakes up he looks around all confused. then when its time to leave Ralf kisses Bruno to go home with Gretel and Shmuel and Elsa stayed at the hospital with Bruno because he is under age. and when Ralf, Shmuel and Gretel got home Ralf told Shmuel to get some stuff for Bruno for them to take back to the hospital for Bruno and Elsa. 4 hours later they go to the hospital to find out that Bruno and Elsa fast asleep so they put the stuff on the table, and Ralf walked over to Bruno and kissed him on the forehead and whispered to him \"I promise I will catch that guy if it's the last thing I do\" and gave his wife a kiss on the forehead aswell and told the nurse behind the desk to make sure that they know they stopped by. then they left to go home and have some rest. AT THE HOSPITAL WITH BRUNO Elsa was sitting reading a book while Bruno was asleep on the bed next to her when all of a sudden there was a loud scream which made her jump then she looked up and noticed Bruno screaming and tossing and turning in the bed and she realised that he was having a nightmare and shot up out of the chair she was in and ran over to her son trying to get to him to try to wake him up from his nightmare she already knew he was having from the way he was screaming. then the nurses and doctors come in to stop him from injuring himself further. that's when Bruno shot up and started crying and Elsa hold him close to try to calm him down and whispered to him \"everythings going to be okay, your safe I wont let no one harm you\" she said while rubbing circles on his back to calm him down. then she realised Bruno's breathing evened out so she knew he had fallen asleep once again but she did not want to leave her son's side. the next day Ralf, Gretel and Shmuel walked into Bruno's room and what Ralf saw made his heart-break, Bruno was tossing and turning and screaming in his mothers arms but the doctors pulled her away and she started crying her eyes out so he ran over to her and pulled her into a big hug and asked her what happened and she says \"well he did the same thing last night when you left but I got him to calm down then he started again about 5 minutes ago, and now they can't get him to calm down\" then the doctor gave Bruno a needle to help him calm down and it did work but he was still crying and Ralf ran up to him and pulled him into a hug and Bruno just cried into his father's shoulder while Ralf whispered into his ear \"shhhhh shhhhh your okay\" and once he had calmed down Ralf and Elsa went to talk to the doctor and Gretel and Shmuel talked to Bruno while sitting on the bed with him. when they was talking about what to do about Bruno the doctor said \"well we will need to run more test\" and Elsa says \"what kind of tests\" and the doctor says \"well to see why he is having these nightmares but I think I know what it is but he does have other injury's we need to keep an eye on but I don't think he will be in for long I would say about 2 days\" he said answering Ralf's question on when Bruno can got home. then when Bruno was finally able to go home he was happy but didn't show it at all the doctor just said he had a concussion to bounce back from and had a lot of bruises that need to go down and a lot of bad wounds that need to be changed everyday which his mom has said she will do but Bruno still has not said a word to anyone not since the day his father found him and his parents are getting really worried that he will never talk to them again. a couple of hours later they got home Bruno was carried up stairs to his room so he could rest and still didn't say anything. Ralf and Elsa was still worried about Bruno so they was talking and Ralf said \"do you think we should get a doctor's advice or leave it for a couple of days to see if he will come around and start talking\" and Elsa says \"its early days lets just wait if he hasn't spoken in a couple of days if not we will call someone like a specialist\" so they both agreed to wait. the next week there still wasnt any change in Bruno so they still waited and got on with what they was doing. Elsa gave Bruno his medication and changed his dressing on his stomach. Shmuel called Ralf and he started to cry asking if Bruno was going to be okay and Ralf hugged him but Ralf didn't even know if Bruno was going to be okay so he couldn't answer but he had tears in his eyes from letting this happen to his baby boy. then Elsa carried Bruno downstairs so he wasnt alone and placed him on the sofa with the rest of the family and have lunch with them and Gretel brought her brothers and Shmuel's lunch in including hers. then Bruno was about to say something but he quickly changed his mind and Ralf and Elsa got up and asked him to say what he was going to say but he just sat there looking at his own lap. so then Ralf, Elsa started talking out in the hall on what to do and Ralf asked is his father would help them get Bruno to talk since Bruno loves him very much and Elsa agreed. so the next day Ralf phoned his father and asks \"hey dad I know this is out if the blue but would you be able to visit us because Bruno is ill and well we will tell you more once you get here\" and his father answer by saying \"omg ok but tell me this how bad is it exactly\" Ralf sighed and said \"well lets just say he isn't talking to anyone and I would tell you what happened but it wont work of the phone\" and his father say \"ok I'll be there soon bye\" \"bye dad cant wait to see you\" he then hung up the phoned and went to tell his wife that his father will be here as soon as he can. well there you have it another chapter and I really hope you enjoyed it and I would also like to thank once again my friend charlotte who is helping me write this story oh and please give me a review I would like to know what you think about it. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Ralf was running around searching for his only son bruno then he saw an empty hut and rea"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"The Mean Reds","Author":"markaleen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11668567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For the past few months I've been binge watching Audrey Hepburn. Breakfast at Tiffany's is definitely near the top of my favorites list. I haven't written for any of Audrey's characters/films yet, so this is really just me trying my hand at a short story. Hope it's okay, and hope you enjoy! Mid-September... or was it late September? Nearing six o'clock in the morning and having not slept a wink, Holly wasn't quite sure what the calendar read. This was usual of Wednesday nights. All she knew for sure that the new or close autumn air still had a faint warmth to it. Sipping her coffee and taking a bite of her croissant, she peered into the display window at Tiffany's. Quel night, she thought. Lately there were super-rats one right after the other. Who knew she would come to miss the regular rats? At least they didn't follow her home and try to get into her apartment. Her feet ached from trying to doge last night's super-rat. Harry was his name, or was that someone else? It didn't matter, she supposed. He knew where she lived, so with her recent luck, she expected him to show up sometime later that night. Again, it didn't matter. She would be long gone before he had the chance to show up. Holly sighed as moved to the next window. The past few weeks had given her a heavy bout of the mean reds (as she called it). She looked at the diamond chandeliers. How lovely they appeared against the dark blue background. Each and every gem was in its rightful place. Even though the sun had yet to come up over the tall buildings, they still seemed to glisten when she tilted her head. As she walked around the corner, her silent wish was to someday find her place in the world like each strand of jewels. They knew where they were supposed to be, and the end result was something beautiful. Someday, she knew, her life would come together. She only wondered when and how. One thing was for certain, it wouldn't be until the rats had gone someplace else. For once, she wanted to meet a man who wasn't a rat – at this point she'd even settle for a mouse. Nevertheless, she knew that ratty men where the men with the greatest fortunes. Nothing was definite about her future, but in it she saw a husband who could take care of both her and her brother. Oh how she missed young Fred. Not a day went by where she didn't worry about him. She would never forgive Doc for letting him enlist in the army. Fred didn't belong there, he belonged on a ranch, free and at ease. Sometimes she wondered if she should have stayed with Doc and his children. She might have been unhappy, but at least she would be near her brother and know he was safe. She was tired of being scared all the time. Deep down, she knew all the reasons she was afraid. Fear hadn't left her soul since her parents died. But for her own survival, she had to bury the reasons and not admit to them. They were too much to handle. By now, more often than not, it was as though she had truly forgotten. Strolling the distance from Tiffany's to her apartment, she thought more about the store. Everything inside was so organized and so calm. If only life could be such a way… Peaceful, ordered, and knowing. You'd never see a fight break out in Tiffany's – no war or bitterness of any kind. Everything was protected, yet not confined to the glass casings forever. Someday they would break free. The jewels would find someone to care for them and to show them the world. It was such a wonderful thought. But, as always, pleasant thoughts couldn't last for long. Arriving at her apartment and walking up the steps, last night's super-rat made his appearance hours earlier than she envisioned. He followed her inside and up to her door, but with unintentional help from Mr. Yunioshi, she got inside unbothered. Leaning against the door once Sid – that was the man's name – stopped knocking, she wished once more for one man who wasn't a rat. Not even a mouse, she decided now. He didn't have to stay around long, nor did he need to be a romance. All he needed to be was someone she could turn to when life got her down. Alas, she knew the wish was unlikely to be granted… ","Summary":" For the past few months I've been binge watching Audrey Hepburn. Breakfast at Tiffany's is definite"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Wild Thing","Author":"reviewgirl911","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8582682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! So like any Audrey Hepburn fan, I am absolutely in love with Breakfast at Tiffany's. I love Holly Golightly and Paul and just every single thing about this movie so I decided to write a one-shot about it. It's a character introspective on what Holly told Doc Golightly at the train station, how he should love a wild thing. It's really about Holly and her men and how none of them should have really loved her. Prompt: \"I love you Lula Mae.\" \"I know you do, and that's just the trouble. It's the mistake you always made, Doc, trying to love a wild thing. You were always lugging home wild things. Once it was a hawk with a broken wing... and another time it was a full-grown wildcat with a broken leg. Remember?\" \" Lula Mae there's something...\" \"You musn't give your heart to a wild thing. The more you do, the stronger they get, until they're strong enough to run into the woods or fly into a tree. And then to a higher tree and then to the sky.\" Disclaimer: I don't own Breakfast at Tiffany's. It would be kind of hard considering I wasn't even born yet. Holly Golightly, formally Luna Mae didn't remember much about her father. She and Fred were orphaned young, but sometimes when she was drunk and reminiscing she remembered rough hands and whiskey-covered breath on her cheek. She remembered scratchy records being played and a steady guitar rhyme playing along. Sometimes Holly strained her ears and heard a low voice whispering in her ears, \"I love you, baby girl.\" she supposed that she had loved her father back, but she just couldn't remember. She couldn't remember her mother that much either. There were snippets of memories, of dark hair and wide smiles and the smell of fresh-baked bread. Of course, everything came to an end. Her father had been wild, people said, the wildest thing in Tulip, Texas. He drank and swore and eventually got himself shot by the sheriff. Holly supposed this is where she got her wildness from. Her mother, a meek woman, had died of pneumonia a few months later. Holly had one picture of her family together. They were standing in front of their little ramshackle house. She was on her father's shoulders, his arms around her mother's waist and a hand on Fred's shoulder. The people in the picture were happy. Not terribly happy, but content. Holly just didn't know what that word meant anymore. After their parents' deaths, she and Fred were bounced around from one house to another, to whoever was willing to take them in. Fred was the first person Holly can ever remember loving. He was tall and strong, always taller than her. She still swears it was all that peanut butter. Holly never liked the stuff, but Fred wolfed it down like there was more tomorrow. Fred was a little wild, just like her, but he knew when to stop. They'd always escape wherever they were staying and go on little adventures. Fred was always in charge because he was the oldest. When they got tired, they would lay on the grass. \"I'm going to go on real adventures one day!\" Fred would proclaim. \"I'll come with you,\" Holly would say eagerly. Fred would just shake his head at her. \"Luna Mae, adventures aren't for girls. You'll get married and stay here while I go on my adventures.\" Seeing his little sister frown, Fred would add, \"Don't worry though. I'll always come back for you.\" That would comfort Holly for a little while, but then she'd think of what she'd do while Fred went on his adventures. It wasn't fair! Holly wanted adventure and excitement just like Fred, but she was a girl so she couldn't go. Holly wanted to see things, places, far beyond Tulip, Texas. After that, Holly always told her brother she would never marry and so she would have to go on his adventures with him. Finally, Fred promised that he'd come back, and they'd buy a little ranch with lots of horses and ride whenever they wanted. It appealed to Holly mainly because she loved horses. You couldn't tame a horse, couldn't cage it. Of course, Fred loved horses more. He had a certain touch with them, a way of calming them. Holly supposed it was the same way that always seemed to calm her. When Holly was fourteen, she married Doc Golightly. She really hadn't had much choice. Fred had enlisted in the army to earn money, promising Holly he would make enough money for them to have their own little ranch when he was out. Holly had had nowhere to go and no one else to really on. Doc Golightly was many years older than Holly, but he was tall and strong and reliable, exactly the type of person to take care of her according to Fred. Most of all, he loved her, and Fred trusted him. So Luna Mae become Mrs. Golightly. Life with Doc wasn't bad at all. He was a good man who had raised good children, and Holly hadn't had much trouble around the house. The girls helped keep up the house, and all Holly had to do was be happy. That was probably the hardest thing of all, being happy. Holly was caged, and she didn't want to be caged. She still wanted to see things outside of Tulip, Texas, but Doc was Tulip, Texas. She wished her husband was a horrible awful man, but he wasn't. She was. Sometimes, when Holly went into town, she would flirt with some of the young men her age. No one ever said anything. Holly didn't know why. Maybe they understood, or maybe they just didn't care. The men in town came to call her Holly. She didn't know why, and she didn't ask. Holly was so much better than Luna Mae anyway. It was on one of these outings that she met O.J. She didn't know what he had been in town with. Everyone said he was an agent for stars, actresses and models, important people. She was buying some coffee beans at the general store when she met him. The first thing he asked her was, \"What are you doing in this town, sweetheart?\" Holly had just shrugged effortlessly. \"I don't know,\" she answered. O.J. smiled. \"What's your name.\" \"Luna Mae Golightly,\" she said. O.J. frowned. \"We'll have to change that,\" he said. \"It's too... Southern.\" \"The men call me Holly,\" she suggested. \"Holly Golightly,\" O.J. repeated. \"Now that's a name. Nice to meet you, Holly. My name is O.J. Berman. I'm going to make you famous.\" After that, Holly was always off with O.J. trying to get acting jobs and ads. She knew Doc didn't like O.J., but it didn't bother her much. O.J. made her different. He taught her French, changed her accent, changed her look. Maybe, if she got lucky, he could even change her. The night before her audition, Holly got a letter from Fred. He couldn't tell her where he was, only that he was safe and missed her. He wrote that he'll be home soon. He also wrote that he knew her life with Doc wasn't what she wanted, but that it would change. She'd change. The letter scared Holly because she didn't want to change, to become a tame animal. She wanted freedom. And so, that night, she boarded a train and headed to New York City. When she got there, the first thing she did was call O.J. Boy was he mad! He couldn't understand why she would just go to New York. Nevertheless, he promised to help her out in the city. New York City was everything and nothing like Holly expected. She had expected the roughness, the grit, that so many people had talked about. She hadn't, however, expected the soaring freedom, the bustle of a city that really did never sleep. And yet it still wasn't home to Holly. She didn't think she'd ever have a home. A few years came and went, completely unremarkable. It was in these years that Holly developed her signature charm. She learned how to walk, how to attract men to her like honey, how to evade them the next morning. She learned how to do many other things she knew her brother wouldn't like. She learned how to drink at all hours of the day and how to sweet-talk her landlord into another extension. There were always men during that time, men she liked and men she didn't. None of them really mattered. They were an end to a means, so to speak. Holly didn't want a man to ever mean too much to her. Her visit with Sal Tomato was probably her favorite part of the week. Mostly because of the money, but also because Sal was a dear old man. He had stories, oh did he have stories! Sal had known the old New York, the New York of the Roaring Twenties and Great Depression. Holly would just sit there and listen, enraptured by the tales of flappers and speakeasies, of huge soup kitchen lines and furniture on the sidewalks. Holly would've liked to be a flapper. They weren't caged but free, freer than almost anyone else in the city. Sal also helped out with her finances. No matter how hard Holly tried, she just couldn't manage to save much. She desperately wanted to have enough money for when Fred came home, but it didn't seem like it would happen. Sal gave her advice on ways to save money. Holly liked to think her dad would've been like Sal had he still been alive. The first time Holly met Paul, all she saw was Fred. He looked just like Fred, tall and handsome and strong. It didn't take long for Paul to become a part of Holly's world, her routine. They were a good pair. Paul understood what Holly had to do, or at least she thought he did judging by the \"decorator\" that frequented his apartment. When Holly got too lonely, she went to Paul and pretended he was Fred. Paul never seemed to mind. Paul was the first person in New York to ever really care about her. She didn't know if she liked that. As time went on, however, Holly stopped seeing Paul as Fred and just started to see Paul as Paul. She read his short stories, and though Holly wasn't much of a reader, she loved them. They were dirty and heartfelt and all things wonderful. Reading Paul's stories were like being at Tiffany's. Being with Paul, Holly realized with a start, was like being at Tiffany's. Still, Holly pursued her billionaires. She pursued Rusty Trawler, using all of her tricks to charm him. It didn't work in the end, but she wasn't disappointed. Holly loved the possibility of more, more each time she chased. José was much more than Rusty Trawler. José was rich and handsome, a combination Holly couldn't dislike. She knew Paul understood, in his own way, because Miss 2E still came to his apartment every night. Holly was coming home with José when she got the telegraph about Fred. Something inside of Holly snapped, completely and forever broke. She would never be the same girl again. She was no longer Luna Mae. She would now forever be Holly Golightly, a girl with absolutely no one in the world. She was mad in her grief, shouting and throwing things. It wasn't fair! Fred was supposed to come back, and they'd have a ranch with horses. Fred was always so good with horses. It wasn't fair! Fred was supposed to come home from his adventures. He was supposed to come back for her. Holly knew José didn't understand her sudden rage, and how could he? He didn't know about Fred, about Tulip, Texas, about Tiffany's. But Paul did. He was the one to come and comfort her, to tell her it would be alright. Holly didn't believe him, but the words sounded so good coming out of his mouth. Holly really did love José in her own way. He was a fresh start, another way to keep running away. He would make a good husband, she decided. One that would keep her safe and happy like Fred always wanted. Holly had decided she'd marry José no matter what it took. (A nagging voice inside her head whispered that it was a mistake, but she ignored it because it sounded too much like Paul's.) And then there was trouble about her visits to Sal. Holly really didn't mind that Sal had deceived her. She had been paid, after all, steadily each week. More so, Holly had developed a fondness for the old man, for their visits. And even once the story broke, Holly knew Sal had cared about her. He had just done what he needed to do, and if anyone could understand that it was Holly. Of course, this wasn't going to stop her from going to Argentina. Even if José didn't want to marry her, Holly was sure someone there would. She would a rich man, a better man. It was Paul that tried to stop her. He gave rational reasons she didn't listen. Finally, Paul said the dreaded phrase: I love you. It scared her more than she'd ever been able to express. It scared her to the core, to her soul. She was scared of being loved and being caged. She didn't want attachments to people. People left, people died, people hurt you. Holly wouldn't even name her cats for God's sake! How was she supposed to love someone. She told Paul that people didn't belong to people. He said that they did, that she was just too scared to admit it. He was right. She was scared, absolutely terrified. But Holly couldn't admit. She wanted to run, run somewhere far far away, but Paul left her before she could. Something that Holly didn't even think she had anymore shouted no. Her heart led her out of the cab and looking for the cat she had so viciously kicked out of the cab. She needed Cat, Holly realized. She need Paul. Holly Golightly was not completely independent. She needed people whether she liked it or not. Holly found Cat, and there was Paul. She walked towards him, and they kissed in the rain. Holly Golightly was a wild thing, to be sure, but she wasn't afraid of Paul caging her, not ever. Paul just wanted to love her, and Holly was more than happy to let him do that. ","Summary":" Hey! So like any Audrey Hepburn fan, I am absolutely in love with Breakfast at Tiffany's. I love Ho"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places","Author":"Scarlett Grey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3418716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Looking for Tiffany's This is just what I have so far, but tell me what you think and if I should continue. \"Oh darling, please, letrnrnMe.\" said Holly charmingly. \"No. No, you are much too sweet of a girl to waste your money on an old man like me. I insist.\" He said kissing her hand roughly. It was foolish, and rather pitiful, but he was company, and a free meal. See, it wasn't that Holly Golightly couldn't afford her own dinner; it was just the simple fact that she preferred to spend it on other things. \"Priorities\", she would have called them. Tonight was like most other nights, Holly was out to dinner with yet another man; John was his name- or was it Jim? - Well all the same, she was out. Perhaps if she grew to like him enough she would accompany him back to his home, or if he was married perhaps they could go to hers. Yes, there were other places, but Ms. Golightly was much too classy for that. Now please, don't judge her too harshly, these things have happened few and far. Holly did go out almost every night, with one man or another, but rarely did much of anything else happen. In fact, incidents of such nature have only come about twice in Holly's life. The first time was your classic high school \"love\" story. Holly had gone to the movies one night, with one of her first boyfriends. Being seventeen, he had a car and a certain power over sixteen year old Holly. He drove them to a local look out and \"parked\"; the rest is really quite predictable. The second time came much later, when Holly had turned twenty three. She had accompanied an older man, probably forty because he had two children and a wife. He was pleasant enough, and was rather fond of Holly. It wasn't that she didn't like him, she did, but this was her first encounter with a married man. After they had finished their dinner, at a rather dingy diner- because he was not at all one of the wealthy men that Holly would later become so fond of- he led her down the street to an even dingier motel- you know, those ones that rent by the hour. She had requested a room for the night, but he said it wouldn't take that long. Now she can't say she didn't know what she was doing, for she wasn't that naive, but she simply didn't want to displease him. Holly Golightly was a pleaser, acquiring that from being raised by parent s who always had to pleased- by her education and so fourth. Anyways: She ponders these thoughts and sips the last of her fine wine as her date admires her from across the table. \"Jim...Are you married?\" \"Why no darling, I've been saving myself for the perfect girl...a girl like you Holly.\" He replied as he brought fourth a small black box. \"Holly Golightly... I think I love you.\" Before he had a chance to open the delicate box, Holly pushed her chair out and got up from the table. \"Jim, you don't mean that. I'm really not the perfect girl. You know that don't you?\" She turned and began to walk away from another proposal. \"Holly\" he called. She turned to face him with a sad smile on her face. \"John... my name is John.\" A sound, something between a laugh and a smirk escaped her as she walked out the doors of the restaurant- and John's life. Finally she thought as she stepped out onto the coolrnrnNew York pavement, putting a cigarette to her lips. It was too bad; she had been seeing the John fellow twice a week, every week, for almost four months. He was a nice man, simple, but Holly was the farthest thing from simple. To her this was no tragedy, just another tragic man. Poor man , thought Holly as she unlocked the door to her rather bare apartment. He was awfully kind, and he was settled- I could do with settled . Me, Holly Golightly, sitting by a fire, mending our children's little outfits watching them tease the cat with bright trails of yarn. It was a serene thought, but one that Holly quickly pushed out of her mind as she poured herself a scotch and water. Holly was nowhere near ready to settle down and have children, nor was she sure ever would be. She looked around her kitchen, which attached to the living room. There was rarely food in the cupboards, but at least it was always clean. The living room comprised of a small couch, a chest full of assorted things, and a bookshelf, crammed with anything but books. The bedroom was in nature equally bare, but had been scattered with clothing, shoes, and any number of Holly's priorities. Her bathroom was of equal form, with cosmetics and hygienic products strewn about, and other various items, found in the most peculiar of places. Holly did not mind this chaos; it gave her a sense of comfort, a sense of security. Strange as it was even old Mr. Yunioshi, the irritable oriental man a few floors above her made her feel more at home. Although this place was her home, nothing gave her more comfort than her pet cat. Together they belonged to no one, and no one belonged to them- Why, they didn't even belong to each other! As Holly sat, staring out at the bright city night, listening to melodramatic music she usually did after a night like this- she heard heavy footsteps approach her door. She quickly opened the door to find Mr. Yushioni wrapped in his oriental robe, dripping wet with a collection of soap suds gathering over his brow. \"Mr. Yushioni, what are you doing down here?\" Holly exclaimed. \"Ms. Golightly it is late at night, and your music is too loud! How am I supposed to relax when you make all this ruckus?\" shouted Mr. Yushioni, face growing redder by the word. \"I'm quite sorry Mr. Yunioshi. I was just out\"- -\"If you don't stop breaking curfew and making this commotion I will report you.\" Mr. Yunioshi turned and crossly stomped up the stairs. \"Good night Mr. Yunioshi\" Holly called after him. He looked over the rail, but replied with a simple roll of the eyes and flick of the hand. That man has to loosen up or he's simply going to pop! Holly took the record of the player and methodically readied herself for sleep. She climbed into bed, followed immediately by the cat. \"Oh cat, I do hope that John is all right. He was a nice man.\" She whispered as she drifted to sleep. ","Summary":" Looking for Tiffany's This is just what I have so far, but tell me what you think and if I should c"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Behind The Mask","Author":"JetNoir","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3001360","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BEHIND THE MASK a Breakfast at Tiffany's poem by JetNoir as Catnleaps upon my head the dognthat is your face leersnand groans but I'mnperfectly hidden in anweb of non-existence truths mynfingers strum the strings thatnmight have been made from the gut ofnCat, but more likely the gutnof me: for every time Instrum, I move further away fromnwhat I truly am oh! woenis me, and all sillynnonsense that merely takesnus away from the questionnin my mind thatncan we be truly happy if wendo not know each other myndarling Fred, could you be mynquiet salvation? or just another rat? mynheart burns, but there isnquite simply, absolutely nothingnI can do, until I asknthe simplenquestion whatnlies, behindnthe mask? Note: Just a little poem I got an idea from - and my love of Hannibal is showing. As I wrote in Wildcat, I love the film more than thennovel, but still I wonder if they are truly right for each othern(answer: of course they are!). But it's nice to celebrate my twonyear anniversary with this. As always, I hope you enjoyed it, andnplease review. Disclaimer: All characters are copyright to Truman Capote/Paramount Pictures;nand the poem to me. This poem has been written on the understandingnthat you may read it and print it out; but you may not pass it off asnyour own, hire it out, or sell it for money. You also may not put itnon your own or any other web page (that includes links) without mynexpress written permission. Thankyou! JetNoir ","Summary":" BEHIND THE MASK a Breakfast at Tiffany's poem by JetNoir as Catnleaps upon my head the dognthat is "},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Introdução à Sofismática","Author":"Frederico","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3313038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Introdução à Sofismática Por Frederico Rezek (com participação especial de Wesker Janjamgoleski) Dois advogados disputavam por uma promoção naquele escritório. Eles trabalhavam como empregados da firma, mas um deles seria escolhido para se tornar o novo associado da Rousselot & Montagut Associados. O critério se mostrava bem simples. O escritório era dividido em departamentos para cada área de especialidade do Direito; uma vez que a de Concordatas e Falências era a mais complexa, e a chefia do departamento correlato tinha ficado vaga pela aposentadoria precoce de seu titular, o qual fora capaz de contribuir com largas quantias a um plano de previdência privada, àquele que conseguisse resolver um determinado número de processos inextricáveis que haviam sido deixados pendentes pelo afortunado que agora tinha, inclusive, fundado um novo escritório especializado apenas em Direito Empresarial (mais como hobby do que necessidade), seria concedida a promoção. Existiam apenas dois advogados capazes para a tarefa: Norgan Stolov e Aleister Gossage. Portanto, o desafio foi reservado para os dois, e o resto do escritório deixado a admirar o espetáculo de disputa entre os rivais, pois além da competição natural pelo cargo, havia o adicionalde que eram nêmesis figadais um do outro. Aislinn Callaghan, a bela do departamento de Concordatas e Falências, apenas tolerada pelos donos do empreendimento por sua habilidade única de confundir Júri e Magistrados — importante quando o trabalho de persuasão já não era mais possível por todas as evidências estarem contra o cliente —, sabia que sua qualidade marcante poderia um dia perder tal status, uma vez que nem sequer sua boa aparência estava lhe valendo mais como vantagem aos olhos dos sócios e colegas. O próprio Aleister já havia passado por uma experiência nada agradável, por aqueles dias, que envolvia Aislinn e cujo desprazer tinha ela como causa. Ela o encontrara no supermercado e parecia segui-lo. A mulher estava comprando tudo que Aleister estava comprando, os produtos em seu carrinho sendo dispostos de forma exatamente igual à que ele os dispunha. Aleister admirou tal habilidade de Aislinn. Ele comprou dezessete pãezinhos, e ela também dezessete. Do mesmo modo, ela levou cuecas sem costura e loção após barba. Aleister até então tinha feito pouco caso do que estava acontecendo, apenas não ignorou a presença dela e a cumprimentava cordialmente toda vez que se topavam pelos corredores. Ao sair do supermercado atravessou a rua e parou em uma loja da Tiffany's, com a intenção de comprar um relógio T-57 para seu chefe, que fazia aniversário no dia seguinte. Aleister sabia que esse presente iria deliciar François Montagut, pois ele gostava dos produtos da Tiffany's, mas Rousselot, que também francês não surpreendia por ser amante de François, não tolerava a heresia deste de trocar Christian Dior ou Van Cleef & Arpels por Tiffany's. Certa feita, quando Aleister estava indo embora do escritório ao fim do expediente, observou que Rousselot, o qual tinha vindo sem condução, dirigia-se com Montagut para o automóvel deste, e no que o mesmo tirava seu chaveiro do bolso para abrir o carro, o olhar leve do sócio mudou sensivelmente para um reprovador, a fuzilar o característico e inconfundível chaveiro da Tiffany's. Aleister se ocultou atrás de sua picape Toyota a fim de poder ouvir a discussão que então seguiu-se entre ambos, sem correr o risco de que fosse interrompida pela detecção de um espectador. Ele pouco entendia de francês, mas captou da contenda o suficiente para compreender que os motivos da mesma gravitavam em torno dos preconceitos franceses que Rousselot não tinha sido capaz de superar tão bem quanto Montagut. No dia em que Montagut apareceu com aquelas abotoaduras Paloma's Groove, da Tiffany's, Rousselot sequer olhava para a cara do amante. Nem o motivo fálico claramente vislumbrável nas bananinhas de formato incomum, cravejadas de minúsculos diamantes e entrelaçadas em delicados rococós, nem as pequenas franjas purpurinadas que pendiam de seus contornos rosáceos, eram a causa da aversão de Rousselot, mas tão somente a procedência. Fossem os mesmos modelos, produzidos por um fabricante francês, e os artigos da Tiffany's estariam bem ao seu gosto. Já Montagut não se fazia de rogado na hora de usá-los. Por isso andava com aqueles óculos cujas lentes eram margaridas com miolos transparentes, através dos quais se podia enxergar e que se irradiavam das pétalas. Os aros eram cobertos com lantejoulas cor-de-rosa e colgados neles estavam penduricalhos como patinhas de veado e arco-íris. Montagut também gostava de usar o laço para pescoço da Tiffany's, cheio de brocais: ele saía para o lado, comprido e esvoaçante, com estampas de estrelinhas. Aleister se sentia o próprio Maquiavel com o presente que planejara para o chefe, pois Rousselot estava viajando a negócios e assim ele poderia impressionar Montagut sobremaneira, dessa forma garantindo alguns pontos de vantagem sobre Norgan, na corrida pelo poder. Obviamente Montagut começaria a favorecer Aleister, ou vê-lo sob luz muito mais privilegiada, e jamais contaria para Rousselot a heresia que Aleister havia cometido ao presenteá-lo em seu aniversário, sendo que, ademais, ninguém no escritório iria fazer idéia da astúcia que Aleister estava demonstrando ao dar aquele relógio para o chefe. Ele tivera o trabalho de descobrir em qual filial da Tiffany's seu chefe fazia compras, e lá perguntou ao gerente qual relógio poderia adquirir para François Montagut, um que ele ainda não possuísse. Com satisfação, o gerente ajudou Aleister a cumprir suas intenções, tanto pelo prazer que seria proporcionado ao seu melhor cliente, quanto porque estava fechando mais uma compra, sobretudo tendo em vista que Montagut, após sucessivas reprimendas, por que não dizer, elitistas de Rousselot, havia interrompido suas visitas à Tiffany's. Quando ia sair da loja, Aleister levou um susto ao topar com Aislinn olhando para ele da entrada. — Santo Deus, o que você está fazendo parada aí? Ela era uma loba que lutava por suas ambições. Achava Aleister um pouco tímido, um pouco relutante, e estava mais do que disposta a tomar as iniciativas abortadas pela hesitação daquele homem tão compatível com suas preferências. Ela sabia aproveitar as oportunidades. Tudo que diziam, transformava em um gancho para chegar aonde queria: — Estou olhando para você... — ela ronronou, com olhares lanceolados de animal carnívoro. Aleister corou um pouco e por causa de seu mal jeito racionalizou de pronto a situação, visto que não conseguiria lidar com ela no estado cru, selvagem, em que estava: — Sim, olhar é bom. Hehe. — Dependendo do que estamos olhando — ela o engolia com os olhos. Aleister disfarçou o embaraço observando o céu, o semáforo e dando uma risadinha. — Sim, o dia está lindo hoje. — Ma-ra-vi-lho-so. E o olhar de Aislinn queimava. Ela demorava aquele manancial de brasas no lugar mais sensível que, por exibicionismo de Aleister, respondia à convocação. Ele tampou a visão que alimentava a voracidade de Aislinn, antes que a loba, agora puro desejo, o atacasse ali na calçada. Foi assim que trouxe a sacola diante de si, e a maneira estranha com que o fez, um pouco afastada do corpo, segurando-a com ambas as mãos, mais seu ruborizamento e mortificação pela satiríase que, com a presença de Aislinn, formavam uma combinação maldita, o obrigou a comentar o conteúdo da sacola, sobretudo por causa das filigranas de veludo à sua volta, o arco-íris que fazia as vezes de \"A\" na assinatura \"Tiffany's\" e o slogan em tipografia floral: \"Presentes celestiais para amores proibidos\": — É um relógio — retirou a caixa do T-57 e passou à Aislinn a fim de que ela o examinasse — Para o chefe. Você sabe, ele faz aniversário amanhã. Ele... Aislinn ficava passando a mão em torno da caixa de veludo, com volúpia, mas olhando obliquamente para Aleister. Ele estava rígido, sua testa suava: — Ele adora Tiffany's... Havia uma saliência à frente de uma das metades da caixa retangular que se constituía, inclusive, em um referencial para identificação da parte inferior: em se pressionando a saliência, a tampa, a metade acima, saltava e assim a caixa se abria. Em vez de apertar logo o dispositivo, Aislinn ficava esfregando o dedo nele, passando a língua pelos lábios e lançando um olhar lascivo para Aleister. A saliva secretava com abundância na boca de Aleister, que a engoliu sonoramente: — Esse relógio... Era o único que faltava na coleção Tiffany's de François. — Que coisa boa! — Aislinn exclamou com entusiasmo. Aleister se assustou com o grito da mulher, não porque este houvesse chamado a atenção de uns transeuntes junto aos quais ele teria preferido que sua situação passasse ignorada, mas porque no momento em que ela berrou, a tampa subiu. — Ai, mas você é mesmo tudo de bom, Aleister — ela pegou o relógio e encostou-o bem no nariz, para cheirá-lo, ao som de vários murmúrios guturais de prazer — O chefe vai ficar apaixonado. Aislinn revirava os olhos. Aleister estava a ponto de atacá-la, já havia perdido os melindres. O objetivo dela era descobrir o que seu colega iria levar para o chefe como presente de aniversário. Ele era cheio das idéias originais e tinha uma penetração profunda da natureza humana, sabendo desenvolver ilações exatas a partir de detalhes e, portanto, conhecendo a mente alheia como ninguém. Ela sabia que ele saberia impressionar Montagut melhor do que todos os demais. E para Aislinn existiam duas espécies de pessoas que eram excepcionalmente bem-sucedidas no mundo: os geniais e os espertos, os quais podiam não ser tão inteligentes mas observavam os primeiros e faziam igual a eles, sabiam copiá-los e assim se darem tão bem quanto. Aleister tivera todo o trabalho de estudar os gostos de Montagut, descobrir a loja em que ele comprava e o relógio que faltava, mas então, de novo, para ele isso tudo não era trabalho; para o gênio as revelações desabrochavam como trevos depois da chuva. Já para Aislinn o processo seria mais suado. Por que não aproveitar a carona? O que havia de errado em seguir pela clareira aberta pelos desbravadores? Na mente de Aislinn era tão lógico e tão razoável isso, que agora sabia qual presente iria comprar para Montagut. O T-57. E de preferência, ela que o entregasse primeiro. O mundo era dos espertos, e como ela era esperta, o relógio que ia dar chegaria nas mãos de Montagut antes que o de Aleister. Porém, ao mesmo tempo em que queria parasitar no conhecimento de Aleister, ela realmente o desejava. O problema de seu jeito ambivalente de sentir e pensar consistia em que o aspecto positivo era usado como legitimador pelos mecanismos mentais de Aislinn, como se seu desejo neutralizasse o estelionato de informações que estava praticando contra Aleister. Pois em condições normais, sem que houvesse sido manipulado sexualmente, ele não teria entregado o segredo. Gossage era um gênio, mas terrivelmente egoísta! Uma lembrança salvadora tirou Aleister daquele constrangimento, qual seja, ser motivo de risadinhas dos pedestres, uma vez que somente a visão de Aislinn, à frente dele, achava-se interceptada pela sacola. Quem passava do lado podia ver que o sujeito estava em apuros. E a mulher com quem ele falava era realmente muito bonita. Mas Aleister sabia que seria um erro se envolver com Aislinn, e por isso a recordação de que tinha de ir a uma partida de squash, a convite de um amigo com o qual havia combinado jogar, lhe deu uma motivação a mais para não agarrar Aislinn, metê-la no carro e levá-la para casa ou para trás de qualquer arbusto. Não que ele precisasse de uma desculpa para livrar-se da mulher, claro que não, era que ele precisava de um incentivo a mais para resistir à tentação, caso contrário a teria raptado imediatamente. — Então... Acho que é isso — disse ele. — Aislinn, tenho um jogo de squash com Palantir agora, prometi não furar. — Pensei que você preferisse basquete... afinal é um esporte mais compatível com seu tamanho... bolas grandes... Havia tanta avidez no olhar de Aislinn, tanta eletricidade à sua volta, tanto perfume impregnado de ferormônios nocauteando o bom senso de Aleister, que se se demorasse mais um minuto a besta interior tomaria conta e ele já não poderia mais responder por seus atos. Concordou com Aislinn, despediu-se e partiu. Quando os funcionários terminaram de cantar os parabéns para Montagut, começou a sessão reis magos, cada um tentando impressionar melhor o chefe. Mas Aleister, matreiro, queria deixar seu presente para o final, no objetivo de causar aquele impacto com sua esperteza sem limites e a aprovação delirante de um guei apaixonado. Pela Tiffany's. O primeiro presente foi de um sujeito que não sabia se expressar em russo. Ele deu um dicionário de russo-alemão. Montagut não sabia falar nem russo nem alemão: — Ai, que divertido. Eu vou aprender tuuudo de alemão. O segundo não tardou a chegar. Ele queria perguntar ao chefe se poderia sair mais cedo, porque era aniversário de sua sobrinha: — Que coincidência, hein, chefe? — e nem cumprimentou Montagut. O terceiro então assim falou: — Chefe Montagut, meu presente aqui está. Ele é ao senhor dedicado, assim como os outros três. Ele queria se mostrar superior aos outros, que haviam aparecido com apenas um presente. Então embrulhou um peso de papel do escritório e deu um par de sapatos — cada qual em uma caixa. O \"quarto\" presente era um lápis sem ponta. Mostrou-se perplexo diante de tamanha aberração. — Tudo bem chefe, depois o senhor pode apontar. Um outro funcionário, que estava preocupado por haver esquecido do aniversário do chefe e não sabia o que dizer muito menos o que dar de presente, teve uma idéia: — Que coincidência, olha o que eu trouxe para o senhor — era um apontador que havia tirado de uma escrivaninha da sala ao lado. Para Aleister estava sendo um grande deleite testemunhar o desfile de presentes mal-ajambrados, porque quanto mais assistia aquelas cenas, mais antecipava o prazer do destaque que iria ganhar sobre os outros. De fato, era melhor esperar que a sucessão de regalos fracassados acontecesse, a fim de tornar o seu ainda mais triunfal, pelo contraste. Desta feita, o horror, a consternação, o transtorno, que Aleister sentiu ao ver o presente de Aislinn para Montagut quando este o desembrulhou e abriu a caixa aveludada, não poderiam ser descritos por palavras humanas. Era um artigo da Tiffany's. E antes fosse um perfume, um par de abotoaduras, um taco de golfe, não, nada disso. Era o T-57. Parecia que a amargura e irritação que Aleister estava sentindo não poderiam ser pioradas. Então o impossível aconteceu ao ver a transformação do rosto de Montagut em um quadro resplandecente de êxtase absoluto. — Aislinn, eu sempre soube que você é simplesmente divina! Eu não sei o que dizer... Era justamente o modelo de relógio que faltava na minha coleção da Tiffany's! — Montagut começou a passar mal. Desmaiou de emoção, e quando despertou fez um discurso de enaltecimento à mulher: — Oh, minha idolatrada Aislinn, não és bela só de madrugada, mas o dia inteiro, todo o tempo, não paro um segundo sequer de absorver o teu dom supremo de encantar nossa existência. Os murmúrios que entoas ao meu ouvido são cânticos sublimes de exaltação ao viver. Tuas palavras doces recheiam o meu cotidiano com o mel da felicidade. Ohhh, querida Aislinn, tua presença, sempre e sempre, traz júbilo ao meu ser sequioso de beleza — Montagut havia claramente perdido a consciência dos atos por conta do relógio. — Aislinn dos lábios de mel, querida Aislinn, quero estar sempre junto a ti, tua presença é hoje sagrada, tua alma perfuma o meu espírito, ó padroeira dos olfatos humanos, tua originalidade despeja sobre nós o cheiro dos anjos! Só faltava Aleister dar seu presente. Mas ele já estava catatônico de tanta raiva que tinha passado e, pálido, segurava fortemente seu embrulho com ambas as mãos para ninguém notar como elas tremiam. Montagut, tratando logo de usar seu novo relógio, sorriu como que embriagado para Aleister e perguntou, com os olhos cobiçosos postos no último pacote a ser aberto: — E você, Gossage, o que trouxe para mim? — Bem, eu, é que, na verdade eu trouxe isto, só que eu havia comprado para mim mesmo, mas pode ficar, afinal coincidentemente é seu aniversário. Ele tinha feito tudo errado. Não queria entregar o presente ao chefe para não fazer papel ridículo, para os outros não ficarem pensando que ele havia copiado a idéia de Aislinn! Nessa hora todos os pensamentos possíveis de vergonha e dor passaram por sua mente, mas a maneira como quis escapar do massacre psicológico gerado por eles não se mostrou muito feliz, haja vista o semblante de repreensão que se estampou no rosto de Montagut quando Aleister deu a entender que esquecera completamente o aniversário do chefe e procurava remediar o pecado imperdoável doando, em uma condescendência repulsiva, o presente que tinha comprado para si mesmo e ultrajantemente exibia nos festejos ao aniversário de uma outra pessoa. Montagut, cenho fechado, não repeliu a condescendência petulante de Aleister. Tomou o embrulho das mãos dele com certa brusquidão. Adorava presentes e, evidentemente, os exigia. No que ele o descerrou, Aislinn estava pronta para soltar uma de suas ironias irritantes, sendo que ela nunca estivera mais irritante do que naquele momento, por conta do acréscimode cinismo que transformou a irritação de Gossage no mais puro ódio: — Que original, Aleister. Foi quando ele não resistiu e saiu desbocando a verdade: — Doutor Montagut, acontece que fui eu que reparei que o senhor aprecia os artigos da Tiffany's. Fui eu que descobri a Tiffany's que o senhor freqüenta e questionei o gerente, o senhor Kamal Ratnavali — fez ele questão de mostrar conhecimento, citar detalhes e assim provar que estava falando a verdade —, com relação à peça das coleções da Tiffany's que o senhor ainda não possuía. O senhor pode ir perguntar ao gerente sobre tudo isso e verificará, inclusive, que fui o primeiro que levei o relógio e que, logo depois de mim, entrou a senhorita Callaghan para comprar a mesma coisa que eu havia comprado, pois a vi me espionando da entrada loja e cheguei mesmo a lhe contar o que eu estivera fazendo ali. Ela sabia que hoje era seu aniversário e sabia que eu estava na Tiffany's para comprar o T-57 para o senhor. — Para mim? Ela poderia ter imaginado que era para você, mas achou boa idéia me presentear com o relógio, pois de fato este é um dos modelos mais lindos do mundo. — Com sua licença, senhor, os artigos masculinos da Tiffany's não são suficientemente masculinos para mim. Nessas horas Aleister se endurecia e não media suas palavras, sendo por isso que não havia alcançado muito sucesso na carreira até então, por sua desqualificação como diplomata. Mas embora tivesse sido o mais direto possível e pouco se preocupado em escolher cuidadosamente as palavras, ele pesara as conseqüências das mesmas, como sempre, por menos corteses que fossem: sabia que Rousselot e Montagut não faziam muito esforço de esconder sua realidade e, portanto, não poderiam ficar ofendidos de serem identificados como homossexuais, especialmente através de uma indireta tão sutil quanto a de Aleister, que podia apenas estar reforçando sua virilidade como uma cujo grau a Tiffany's não podia emplacar; não estava necessariamente dizendo que as coisas da Tiffany's eram para efeminados. Além disso, a maneira como Montagut o havia olhado de cima a baixo quando pôs em questão, nas entrelinhas — com os ares altamente sugestivos que só um viado poderia forjar — se ele não fazia compras pessoais na Tiffany's, recomendava que Aleister negasse por completo a possibilidade, ainda que ele realmente pudesse comprar uma coisa ou outra na Tiffany's, pois uma confirmação seria uma carta branca para Montagut começar a assediá-lo. Aislinn, por sua vez, notou que não havia saída para ela, e viu sua piadinha \"Que original, Aleister\" voltando-se contra si em tempo recorde. Isso acontecia amiúde, mas agora tinha sido mais prontamente do que poderia esperar. No lugar de Aleister, ela teria preferido jogar, acusando com ambigüidades de forma que pudesse escapar da retaliação do adversário, não teria acusado frontalmente, mas ele o fazia e, destarte, ficava difícil para ela conseguir consertar o soneto. Por isso a emenda ficou tão capenga: — Ai, chefe querido, é que eu achei que se o senhor gosta desse relógio, iria gostar de receber três — olhou ela para um outro cara, insinuando que ele também havia comprado um e não quis dar. Ela não estava disposta a fazer papel de ridícula sozinha. A sede de sangue de Aleister ainda não fora aplacada: — Antes fosse ter apenas pensado em comprar o mesmo presente que eu, mas você comprou a mesma cueca que eu, a mesma loção após barba, os mesmos dezessete pãezinhos franceses... — Você gosta de pãezinhos franceses? — Montagut não desistia, batendo os cílios sedutoramente para Gossage. — Não — Aleister se apressou em negar efeito à metáfora. — Eu estava testando Aislinn. Quem compra dezessete pães de uma vez? Inclusive ela está usando a mesma roupa que eu. O m.o. de sofista deplorável de Aislinn entrou em cena mais uma vez: — Ora, meu amor, estávamos no mesmo supermercado, ergo, era natural que comprássemos as mesmas coisas. Assim, também, é natural que usemos a mesma roupa, afinal trabalhamos no mesmo lugar. Sequer havia regime de uniforme no escritório. Montagut, no entanto, gostou da idéia: — Que ótimo seria implementar o uso de uniformes na firma — empolgou-se por antever todos os seus homens vestidos como o príncipe de suas fantasias. — Daqui para frente todo mundo vai usar a mesma roupa. Você é uma gênia, Aislinn, muito original. Você revolucionou o nosso escritório. Foi assim que todos começaram a usar a mesma indumentária de Aleister, graças à originalidade de Aislinn. Aleister não ficava jogando; ainda foi conversar com Aislinn em particular para deixar claro que não havia gostado nada do que ela fizera, mas ela diluía o clima de urgência e censura sendo charmosinha com Aleister, e ele não apreciava essa técnica. Pois sabia que não era por afeto real que Aislinn a empregava para com ele, não era por ela ser da paz, era simplesmente que tinha medo de arcar com as conseqüências da exteriorização do rancor e despeito que verdadeiramente sentia. Ele preferiria que ela fosse sincera e parasse de querer dar espetadas nos outros através de indiretas. O que o incomodava nos sarrinhos é que ele via as intenções. Era óbvio que ela queria ridicularizá-lo abertamente mas não desejava assumir os riscos. E assim prosseguiam as ruminações mentais de Aleister enquanto praticava squash depois do trabalho. Por que não objetar e criticar abertamente, de maneira honesta, por que não ser analítica, pura? Mas não, ela quer mesmo tirar sarro, ela não se contém, quer ser perversa, não resiste a sentir-se engraçadinha e zombadora, então opta pelas gracinhas acreditando que está sendo diplomática! — a bola golpeou o muro com tanta força que quicou de volta quase que de imediato, mas a brusquidão da jogada não assustou Aleister nem dissolveu sua concentração minimamente que fosse. — Diplomacia seria manter uma dialética limpa, sem zombariazinhas, porque eu as vejo. Eu me sentiria muito mais confortável ante um massacre escarnecedor ostensivo, e o aceitaria muito melhor do que a falsidade, do que isso de querer bancar a diplomata mas de maneira tão fracassada. Porque é constrangedor por ela. Nessas horas se torna verdade o provérbio \"sarcasmo é o refúgio dos fracos\", e é tão incompatível Aislinn querer dar chute em passinho de balé guei. Aleister se aproximava cada vez mais do muro, num desejo instintivo de tornar os saques gradativamente mais curtos e violentos. Apesar da rapidez que seus movimentos haviam adquirido, a força era cada vez maior. Ele já começava a pensar alto uma palavra ou outra de seu monólogo interior. — Não! Ela não consegue esconder suas intenções maldosas, não consegue ser diplomata, a única coisa que ela consegue é confessar sua covardia. E como deploro covardes. Embora Aislinn seja mulher, ela quer me enfrentar como igual, então precisa entender que uma coisa é a sátira. Outra é a manipulação. Nesse momento, parou de resmungar e cuspiu o suor que havia escorrido para dentro de sua boca. Ficou relembrando o episódio em que tinha dito \"Odeio manteiga\", enquanto comia pão com azeite. \"É, eu também prefiro azeite\" — Aislinn concordava! Concordava, para discordar, do seu jeito ambíguo —, \"especialmente esse que você está usando no pão, tem um gostinho de manteiga.\" Ela dava uma de sonsa, melíflua, mas estava na cara que queria ridicularizá-lo. Em suas investidas cada vez mais próximas ao muro, Aleister já ultrapassara a linha de saque, mas ele nem via a bola quanto mais a parede, acertando-a por instinto, graças ao treino que tinha no esporte. O que fica mais patético ainda é saber que ela está se sentindo muito safadinha, está dando risadinhas para seus botões, está pensando \"ai como eu sacaneio hihihi\", sendo que não leva vantagem nenhuma nessa palhaçada, sobretudo se o gosto do azeite não tem nada a ver com manteiga. Só que ela perde o amigo mas não perde a piada. — Não dá para levá-la a sério! — o grito de Aleister coincidiu com a explosão da bola, que murchou por causa da força de um golpe. Mas os pensamentos do advogado continuavam efervescendo em sua cabeça molhada pelo exercício intenso, enquanto se retirava da quadra e dirigia-se aos chuveiros do vestiário masculino. Eu fico incomodado com gente se rastejando do meu lado — socava o ar com a raquete, olhos no chão, meditabundo. — Me incomoda a falta de amor-próprio. Não gosto que subestimem minha inteligência. Não aprovo tentativas de manipulação para cima desta mente astuta. A manipulação é especialmente desagradável quando funciona na base de induzir o outro a se visualizar como idiota. Aislinn deixar claro que me vê como idiota é saudável. Agir como se me visse como elegante, mexendo pauzinhos para que eu veja a mim mesmo como idiota, é falso, é covarde, e é perverso. Para forçar uma reação mais honesta de Aislinn, Aleister chegou a de repente lhe dizer, com olhar calcinante: — Vou destruir você. — Nossa, como você é corajoso — ela não quebrava o script por nada. Foi charmosinha de novo. — Requer uma coragem enorme atacar uma pessoa tão indefesa quanto eu, que tenho um e trinta e seis metros. — Ela até se diminuía, humilhava-se; era realmente adorável, pensou Aleister com vontade de lhe dar um soco na cara. — Tanto é que uso estas maravilhosas botas com saltos de sessenta centímetros para não aparentar ser tão baixa — e nessa conversa ela ainda estava na verdade se gabando de seu estilo circense. Ela achava que estava tendo muita classe com aquelas mordidas precedidas de aplicação de anestésico, mas estava simplesmente colando a placa na testa: \"Sou café-com-leite.\" Por falar em botas pretas, nem seus amigos eram poupados. Com efeito, sua amiga tinha um par de botas como as dela. Na verdade, as botas de Marlene eram maiores do que ela mesma. Era uma bota muito grande. E bota grande nisso. Ela subia em uma escadinha para chegar ao topo do cano. Claro que a bota era muito pesada para ela e, por conseguinte, Marlene não podia se mover. Apesar dos seus dois metros e quinze, ela não saía do lugar. Ela calçava a bota no local onde iria ficar. Geralmente o fazia na praça, onde gostava de exibir sua altura. Um cara, deslumbrado, convidou-a para sair, mas como ela não podia andar, assim desculpou-se: — Estou esperando uma pessoa. — Eu espero com você — prontificou-se ele, sem consciência dos atos. Ali ficaram várias horas, e muitas outras pessoas encantadas com a altura de Marlene juntaram-se a eles, para ficarem esperando com ela. Traziam coisas para ela comer, ofereciam livros para ela ler, houve uma hora em que comentaram: — Parece que essa pessoa que você está esperando não virá. — Não está na hora ainda. Já haviam se passado dois dias. Um sujeito lhe trouxe um experimento de feira de ciências para impressioná-la com seu intelecto aguçado. O experimento consistia em fazer uma lâmpada acender ao estourar uma bombinha de São João. Mas ela já não estava mais lá. Marlene escapara se agarrando ao galho de uma árvore. Aislinn, percebendo todo o sucesso de Marlene, mas não podendo ter a mesma bota, uma vez que daria muito trabalho calçá-las, serrou as botas da amiga, para reduzi-la ao seu tamanho. Estava todo mundo ficando passado com Aislinn. Sabendo que ou Norgan ou Aleister, os únicos dois com quem ainda mantinha relações saudáveis e que lhe davam chance por sua compreensão superior e certo afeto por ela o qual não haviam conseguido eliminar completamente, se tornaria o novo chefe do departamento e iria adquirir direito de voto na mesa de associados, ela queria assegurar que ficaria bem, garantiria seu emprego e algumas regalias mais, não importando qual dos dois ganhasse a competição. Portanto, bajulava ambos bem como prestava a cada um deles alguns favores extras. Certa noite, Aislinn preparou um jantar especial para Norgan. Com este objetivo em mente, comprou garapa de cana, misturou com álcool de cozinha e, servindo-o sob a afirmação de que era uísque escocês, relatou em tom de confidência: — Tem uma coisa que preciso lhe contar sobre o Aleister, aquele insuportável. Ele é podre. O cara é um sujeito tão nojento. Você já ouviu as conversas dele? Só sabe falar de podridão. Não suporto trabalhar com uma pessoa assim, que não tem dignidade, que não tem honra, não tem moral. Outro dia o peguei roubando uma criancinha. Você sabia que ele era assaltante antes de entrar para o escritório? Pois é, e parece que ele não perdeu o costume, o safado. Além do mais, você nem imagina o que ele fez para mim. Ele me raptou e me estuprou no cativeiro — reclamava ela de suas fantasias de toda noite. — Espero que você conquiste a promoção, senão estamos perdidos. Você não rapta, não violenta. Você respeita os valores da família e da pátria. Mas tenho certeza que irá conseguir. Aliás, o fato de você ser superior causa nele uma inveja absoluta, a pior inveja que jamais se viu. A inveja em si. Norgan ficou muito satisfeito em ouvir tudo aquilo, a enxovalhação de seu rival e a glorificação de si, e para infelicidade de Aislinn a recompensou com seu amor, a qual precisou sustentar seu discurso demonstrando grande êxtase por sua noite miserável. A mesma sorte não lhe coube na noite seguinte, ao oferecer uma janta para Aleister. Sua única iniciativa foi se levantar para impedir que ela servisse a bebida e fazer as vezes ele mesmo, mas apesar da apologia que ela endereçou-lhe em seguida, o sabor daquele uísque escocês o fez ouvir com cautela as rasgações de seda por parte de Aislinn e não tomar um segundo gole de seu copo: — Sabe, preciso abrir o jogo com você. Eu desaprovo Norgan completamente. Você pode ser um troglodita, mas pelo menos se veste bem. Já Norgan, apesar de ser um bom desenhista, não sabe falar em público. Você é violento, mas sabe como satisfazer uma dama com seus golpes truculentos. Mas o Norgan? Qual! Apesar de se trajar como garçom, ter hábitos de garçom e de se portar em público como garçom, ele não nos serve nada. Parece que eu tenho motivos suficientes para odiar Norgan, não é? Ora, você cospe nas pessoas ao seu redor, mas pelo menos sua saliva não fede. Já o Norgan, não cospe em ninguém, mas de longe sentimos o cheiro de sua baba fedorenta. É você, Aleister, a pessoa mais capacitada que passou por aquele escritório. Seus múltiplos talentos são formidáveis. É capaz de realizar proezas jamais vistas. Seu poder é admirado por todos e invejado pelo Norgan, de modo que ele também o inveja. Ele tem raiva de você por você ser tão superior a ele. Foi Norgan que terminou a garrafa de pretenso uísque, na noite seguinte, à ladainha das reclamações de Aislinn. Ela estava incomodada com o fato de que Aleister não havia se aproveitado dela e se pôs a desafogar sua contrariedade, mas distorcendo o conteúdo da mesma, já que pegaria mal evidenciar sua atração por ele. — E só o que fiz, Norgan, foi tentar ajudá-lo a passar perfume, e ele borrifou o perfume no meu olho. Ainda por cima me bateu, sendo que tudo que eu queria era mexer no seu rabinho — ela completou sem consciência dos atos. Todavia, não contou que o perfume que ela queria ter passado nele era para boiola. Os ataques de Callaghan contra Aleister botavam lenha no fogo da libido de Norgan, que para extravasá-la submeteu a mulher àquilo que ele gostaria de estar fazendo na verdade com Aleister, o que lhe trouxe grande sensação de poder e uma noite bem desgraçada a Aislinn, a qual, na manhã seguinte, no escritório, teve que ouvir a bufada de Norgan em seu cangote quando Aleister chegou no departamento: — Esse Aleister é um monstro. Pela maneira como Aleister olhou para eles, Aislinn soube que ele tinha ouvido a observação. Por isso tratou logo de defendê-lo, mas sempre tomando o cuidado de dar a impressão oposta, para agradar tanto Norgan quando Aleister: — Mas os monstros foram feitos por uma razão. Monstros são lindos e nos entretêm. Eu adoro brincar com monstros como Aleister, você não? Esse exercício nos fortalece. Por isso eu tenho uma coleção de monstros, para que possa destruí-los. Aparentemente a magistral técnica de Aislinn não funcionou muito bem, pois tão logo arrumou um meio de ficar a sós com ela em um canto do escritório, Aleister foi tomar satisfação com a surucucu: — Como é que você alimenta as fantasias de Norgan desse jeito? Você deveria fragilizá-lo, de modo que assim estivesse preparando o solo para minha semente. Mas além de você concordar que sou um monstro, me retratou como sendo um monstrinho de sua coleção, dando não apenas a impressão de que estou sob controle, seu controle ainda por cima — o tom de Gossage, neste ponto, era de inconformismo dir-se-ia machista —, como que vai me destruir. Não tem cabimento você fortalecer a moral de Norgan e apoiar seus sonhos autoritários, se não quer que ele vença a disputa. Aislinn então entendeu como tinha sido burra. Mas logo conseguiu se convencer do contrário: — Mas... Aleister... querido... nunca eu daria terreno para Norgan alimentar e cumprir suas fantasias a teu respeito. Veja bem... entende... os monstros também têm sentimentos. Os monstros aos quais eu me referia são os monstros domésticos. Você que entendeu errado. A destruição que eu digo parece ser algo desfavorável, mas você tem que entender: na medida em que você destrói, possibilita uma construção. Na medida em que você destrói, você edifica. Você não pode construir em um terreno sem antes demolir o prédio que está lá. O raciocínio estava tão bonito e parecia tão razoável que convenceu Aislinn, embora não tenha convencido Aleister. No entanto, por uns dias ele deixou quieto, por motivos que só o amor podia explicar. Ele, porém, era racional o bastante para que esse amor não fragilizasse a cautela com que a recebia em sua casa, mantendo sua relação com ela em termos profissionais e, no máximo, de amizade. Norgan soube que Aislinn às vezes saía com Aleister. O que não sabia era que para Aleister ela era como uma candidata a uma vaga em período de experiência, e por isso foi esbravejar com ela sob a aléia de carvalhos no jardim do escritório. Ela sorria acima da pressão dolorida causada pela mão forte e brutal de Norgan envolvendo seu braço: — Ai, querido, nem vou explicar nada, porque seria um insulto à sua inteligência que já entendeu a esta altura que estive estudando os hábitos de Aleister este tempo todo, para melhor destruí-lo. Precisamos saber seu m.o., Norgan, e assim atacar seu calcanhar de Aquiles. Convenceu Norgan e a si mesma. A mão do homem desafrouxou o braço coberto pela estampa de oncinha do seu conjunto Nitschke. — E o que você descobriu? — Ainda estou num processo de estudo. — Fiquei sabendo que você teria dito para ele que quer me ver no chão. Que vê o jogo que eu faço, que sou um cafajeste. Que sou covardia do início ao fim. Que você está dando trela pra mim porque quer me ver lá no alto, assim minha queda será maior e, portanto, você irá se divertir mais. O que você tem a dizer sobre isso? — Isso tudo é estratégico — disse ela o acariciando em partes estratégicas — Você não vai acreditar que estou do lado daquele imbecil! Ora, é muito mais emocionante você pular de um bungee jump de vinte e cinco metros do que de um murinho de dois metros. Eu quero te ver no chão de estrelas, ou seja, nas alturas. Você é covarde no sentido de que não luta pela revolta dos alfinetes, afinal de contas eles nem estão revoltados. Eu não estava acreditando que você não iria se revoltar. Mas depois vi que você não deveria mesmo se revoltar. Por que alguém se revoltaria pela revolta dos alfinetes? — alfineta ela. — Você não precisa se preocupar com isso pois me tem como sua assessora mais fiel, portanto você me deve fidelidade. Confie em mim e acredite. A fé o levará à verdadeira confiança. Norgan estava gostando das carícias e, por esse motivo, ensejou mais uma oportunidade para ela enganá-lo a fim de as prolongar e fazê-la refém de uma dívida por massagens mais íntimas, em suas regiões mais profundas. Mesmo o fato de que ela defendia Aleister para outros e depois o acusava para Norgan, era fonte de luxúria ao último por causa de um mecanismo psicanalítico perverso que tornava a defesa inicial em ponto de identificação entre Aleister e Aislinn, e a retratação posterior um emblema de sujeição por parte do Aleister vicariante. Dessa forma tanto Aislinn pagava seus pecados pelo tratamento truculento que recebia à noite, quanto Aleister, por transferência, era despojado de sua dignidade. — Não vou cair nessa conversa estapafúrdia. Acho que você é duas caras mesmo. — Agora você está me ofendendo — ela intensificou a voluptuosidade de seus carinhos. — Eu sou uma pessoa íntegra — disse ela se abaixando para provar sua reivindicação. A mesma conversa com Aleister não funcionou muito, não só porque ele viu a cena no jardim atrás da gigantesca árvore de galhos retorcidos pesados de barba-de-velho, mas porque ele não permitia ensejo para as técnicas menos ortodoxas de convencimento empregadas por Aislinn. — Você está atacando os meus valores mais caros — dizia ela em arrebatamento santo ante sua moral impugnada. — Ah é? E quais são teus valores? Ela se viu em uma situação difícil, pois achava chique alardear que era niilista, até porque isso lhe emprestava um ar de coerência, uma vez que era fanática por Marilyn Manson. Tão fã que chegava a acreditar que era bonito dizer que ele era bonito para quem estivesse disposto a permitir seus ouvidos fazerem as vezes de aterro sanitário. Para mostrar algum valor, decidiu tomar emprestado ares adicionais de coerência, não negando, sob sofríveis justificações sofismáticas, que havia mesmo apoiado Norgan e que ele tinha de ser apoiado. Dessa forma, ela conseguiu destruir o script, para reconstruí-lo mais forte do que nunca nas frases que se seguiram ao rompimento: — Entenda que não podemos destruir o Norgan. Eu devo, sim, defendê-lo — empertigou-se — e não posso permitir que você faça diferente disso. Se você destrói o Norgan, vai ser pior, porque daí virá o Philippe. — saiu-se ela com essa. Existia um tempero de perversidade excitando o \"novo\" discurso de Aislinn, e era que o afeto de Aleister por ela era muito reticente e ela sentia um gostinho retaliativo em afirmar a vantagem de outro sobre ele; não de Norgan, é claro, porque ela queria quebrar o script. Foi assim que trocou seis por meia dúzia. — E eu prezo pela qualidade desta firma. O escritório está acima de nós. Portanto, o mais importante é a qualidade de quem o irá gerenciar, e não ambições pessoais deste ou daquele. Estou do lado da firma, Aleister. Como você é um homem íntegro e sábio sei que vai entender isso e me apoiar em meu posicionamento. Ela estava muito satisfeita com seu bom senso e ética. Aleister, porém, não pareceu ficar impressionado, não obstante ele prezasse a ética e o direito muito mais do que ela, a mansonete. — Não é esse o caso. Aleister inspirou profundamente antes de prosseguir. Ela realmente tinha um dom incrível para distorcer o punctum pruriens da questão e levá-la a um campo onde pudesse parecer mais sensata e, assim, sair pela tangente. Acusada de traição, conseguia refazer o contexto de modo que ela ficasse correta e ele se afigurasse mesquinho, reduzindo a questão a um simples duelo de egos entre ele e Norgan, sendo que Philippe não fazia parte da disputa: além de na verdade já ser um dos donos, estava supervisionando o escritório de Hong Kong, e portanto nunca se achava presente; outrossim, sua palavra não influenciava expressivamente no andar da carruagem na sede. — Não é esse o caso, Aislinn, pois você me fez acreditar que estava do meu lado e foi apoiar as críticas de Norgan contra mim e a campanha dele como rei do departamento. Ainda que fosse verdade que ele representa o melhor para esta firma, você me levou a lhe entregar minha confiança, me endeusando em detrimento dele. Me fez contar meus planos e estratégias para você. Não tem como você sair limpa desta situação, não tem buraco para onde correr, porque eu a vejo. Não faz mesmo sentido você se colocar ao lado de Norgan sob a alegação de que aí outro assumiria, quando não existe ninguém para assumir além de Norgan senão eu, uma vez que as únicas \"ameaças\" são Philippe Rousselot e François Montagut, os quais já são donos e sequer gerenciam, deixando essa função a cargo de seu representante administrativo, Palantir Malavesi. Logo, sua mudança de posição não tem base nenhuma de justificação. Com efeito, só pode ser explicada pelo fato de que você nunca esteve realmente do meu lado e, portanto, me sabotou esse tempo todo. Aleister nunca chegou a realmente confiar em Aislinn, nem a lhe contar seus planos reais. Mas seu ponto ainda era válido. Sua cautela não anulava a sujeira de Aislinn. O lema dela era \"Se não pode convencê-los, confunda-os\". E mais uma vez deu prova de sua serventia no escritório, que era tapar com retórica e sofisma os furos onde havia carência de raciocínio e conhecimento: — Quem falou em Philippe e François, homem de Deus? Eu falei Philippe? Eu quis dizer Phyllis. Apesar de o jovem Phyllis ter caído na graça dos franceses, Aleister sabia que nenhuma hipótese poderia ser mais viajada do que aquela: — Phyllis é um office-boy, caramba. Você acha que vão colocar um office-boy na diretoria? — Eu acho. Na verdade estou certa de que isso iria acontecer se eu não interviesse. Se eu não houvesse utilizado essa tática, Phyllis teria passado a perna no Norgan e colocado a culpa em você. Eu estava defendendo você. E não haveria nenhuma testemunha em teu favor se eu não tivesse espionado a conversa dele com o Norgan, na qual ele prometeu um cargo de confiança para o Norgan caso você fosse demitido. É claro que não tinha havido conversa nenhuma. E será que ela não percebia como soava esdrúxulo aquele papo de um office-boy prometendo cargo de confiança a um advogado do escritório? Aleister nem respondeu. Lançou-lhe um olhar de repulsa, como se estivesse diante da própria visão de Marilyn Manson. Aislinn ficou morrendo de raiva e foi descontar suas frustrações em Palantir: — Por que na verdade você acha que irá conquistar a posição do Norgan? Mas não vai nada! Você acha que pode evitar que o Aleister consiga o cargo? Você vai ver que eu, com uma carta de recomendação minha, coloco quem eu quiser lá, em qualquer lugar. Sou eu que dou as cartas — ela ia se inflando de soberba e batendo o punho na mesa de Palantir, querendo intimidá-lo. — Aprenda comigo para ver como é que se faz. Não fique achando que pode fazer o que você não tem competência para fazer. Você não tem poder para isso. Não tem cacife para competir comigo. Ela vinha dar o fio-terra em Palantir porque ele era o verdadeiro cristão da história, e ainda ficava preocupado com ela; ouviu tudo pacientemente e chegou ao ponto de lhe dar razão, mostrando ser um ente bastante surreal. Era ele que mandava no escritório, era o cérebro de Rousselot e Montagut, e ainda deu razão para Aislinn em sua bazófia. — Porque eu — dizia ela se endireitando aristocraticamente na cadeira — vou mostrar para você como é que eu posso colocar o Norgan na diretoria fácil, fácil. Afinal é a melhor maneira de mostrar que ele não tem competência para o cargo, como soube. — Mas, Aislinn, se você fizer isso, não percebe que dessa maneira irá destruir Norgan? — Qual é o problema? Palantir sabia que Norgan era mesmo salafrário, mas em sua ética séria, autêntica, desejava que o próprio Norgan se desmascarasse sem que ninguém tivesse que armar para ele. Aislinn chegara ao ponto de acreditar que o cargo que Norgan lhe havia prometido em obtendo ele a vitória, seria o de Phyllis, que este havia prometido a Norgan. Por isso ela estava com raiva de Norgan. Nesse momento apareceu Phyllis, que fora chamado por Palantir, para conversarem sobre uma reclamação contra o office-boy, formulada por Aleister. Phyllis ficava ouvindo música em alto e bom som no escritório, já que não tinha outra coisa para fazer, até que Aleister lhe pediu para desligar o aparelho, porque estava atrapalhando sua conversa com o cliente, que não gostava de Nine Inch Nails. Mas Phyllis não atendeu o apelo de Aleister, e Aislinn apontou isso como evidência de que o office-boy estava de conluio com Norgan. O fato era que o garoto não tinha ouvido os pedidos de Aleister porque o som estava muito alto. Mas, uma vez na sala de Palantir, ouviu claramente suas ordens. — Onde é que eu desligo o som? — indagou sinceramente Phyllis. Palantir foi até a porta de seu gabinete para dali apontar para o aparelho, no lounge. — É naquele botão vermelho. Phyllis foi até lá e confundiu com o botão verde: — Nesse? — Não, nesse outro aqui — Palantir também se dirigiu até onde estava o aparelho e apontou mais de perto. — Aproveita que você está aqui e desliga para mim, por favor. Palantir só moveu mais um pouco o dedo para frente e tinha desligado o botão. Aislinn foi visitar Palantir em sua casa, naquela madrugada. Tão logo ele abriu a porta, ela já foi entrando, tirando chapéu e casaquinho, e os jogou nos braços de Palantir, para que este os guardasse para ela. Aproveitou o espelho do hall a fim de ajeitar o cabelo e retocar a maquiagem, motivo pelo qual não tinha entregado a bolsa. No meio tempo em que fazia tudo isso, dizia: — Olha, a coisa mais desagradável do mundo é ter que falar com você. Você é inferior, você tem que entender que para o meu nível de conversa está o Aleister, não você. Palantir foi pendurando o chapéu e casaco de Aislinn no cabideiro ao lado da porta e ainda lhe indagou se ela queria guardar a bolsa ali também. Ela a empurrou para ele, agastada com a interrupção. — Entenda de uma vez por todas, homem, que se você quer conversa comigo, não dá. Eu estou num plano, você em outro, não tem como você atingir meu nível intelectual. Eu queria estar conversando com o Aleister. Você acha que estou gostando de ter que conversar com você? Agora, o Aleister não, ele me fez me descobrir a mim mesma, para o bem e para o mal. E Palantir, no total surrealismo de sua mente, dando razão para ela. — Agora, você, Palantir, me fez descobrir o quê? Só me fez descobrir uma coisa. Que o mundo está repleto de caipiras como você. Ele, doente e morto de cansaço, ouvia tudo e a guiava até a sala de estar, onde pudesse continuar sua conversa mais confortavelmente: — Não adianta você dar o cargo para ele. Se você der o cargo para ele, ele não vai assumir. Sem minha carta de recomendação, ele não irá conseguir. Vai continuar que nem o Phyllis. Hein? Malavesi, por sorte, era um monge tibetano, convidado para administrar um escritório capitalista. E o fazia de maneira louvável. Naquele dia, após a conversa de Aislinn com Palantir e depois que ele havia desligado o aparelho de som, chegaram Norgan e Aleister nela e questionaram do lado de quem ela estava. Aislinn lançou uma de suas ambigüidades, para não ter que se posicionar e ficar numa boa não importando quem viesse a provar ser o melhor: — Eu fico do lado de quem é melhor. Cada um ficou pensando que era ele mesmo, e ela ficou achando que era ela. Phyllis também achou que Aislinn se referia a ele. Só Palantir achava que não era ele. Dando continuidade à conversa interrompida daquela tarde, Aislinn falava para um empenhado Palantir ardendo em febre: — Sabe por que o Aleister é tão inteligente? Porque, ao contrário de mim, que sou inteligente, ele precisou padecer durante vinte anos até conseguir ser atendido pelo Diabo, que lhe concedeu inteligência por dez anos. Esgotado o prazo ele voltará a ser um molusco qualquer. Uma prova cabal de que ele vendeu sua alma ao diabo mesmo, é que eu o sinto em minha casa, em sua forma demoníaca, me tentando para eu vender minha inteligência para ele. No entanto, eu me recuso, pois sou uma pessoa íntegra e tenho valores. Não vendo minha alma por nada. Mas meu corpo está em liquidação. Promoção especial para capetas. — Pois ela, que já havia sido amante de Phyllis, agora o desprezava, uma vez que tinha criado novos amores. Palantir sabia que Aislinn viajava demais e queria centrá-la, tirando-a de seu mundo de hipóstases, mas como, ele sim, era verdadeiro diplomata, resolveu desmentir a tese esdrúxula da mulher por meio de uma parábola, em que reivindicava o mérito exclusivo de Aleister por sua inteligência e conhecimento: — Vou lhe contar a história de um demônio que vendeu a alma para um intelectual, com a finalidade de poder ter um artigo dele publicado em uma revista científica. Ele queria fazer sucesso no meio científico. Esse demônio gostava de ir à academia de musculação algumas vezes por semana, para infernizar a vida das moças lendo seus artigos sobre Física Quântica. Ele também apreciava cuidar de seu jardim. Resultado. Seu artigo foi publicado e era de autoria dele mesmo. Ela havia entendido a mensagem. Sabia que na história o demônio era o próprio Aleister, uma forma de Palantir evitar que ela dissesse que ele tinha ficado inteligente por mecanismos sobrenaturais empregados pelo negociante humano. Palantir sabia que Aislinn possuía um dom inigualável de conseguir preencher discursos com outros conteúdos de modo que, por mais contrários que fossem à tese dela, acabassem justamente a corroborando. O detalhe de o demônio ter vendido sua alma dava a idéia de que na realidade nada foi vendido, pois o demônio não tem alma, e aquele de um intelectual havê-la comprado ratificava essa mensagem, porque de nada adiantava a um homem ganhar a alma de outrem, de maneira que negócio não tinha existido. Aislinn era inteligente o bastante para entender a mensagem, compreender onde Palantir queria chegar, mas conseguiu fazer a conversa voltar à estaca zero, de um jeito bem dela: — Sim, eu concordo totalmente com você. Tanto é que o intelectual rouba o artigo do demônio e o publica em seu nome. Você ilustrou com perfeição o fato de que o intelectual de que estamos falando tirou sua inteligência do capeta. Aislinn começou a perceber que as pessoas a estavam tratando com certa indiferença. Phyllis foi o primeiro a ser questionado sobre as razões para tanto, ao que ele respondeu: — Você não fez bem jogando meu aparelho de som pela janela. — Mas não tinha nenhum cd dentro! Ela chegou mesmo a ficar um pouco indignada com a falta de razoabilidade e com a injustiça de Phyllis. Outro funcionário respondeu às perquirições de Aislinn exprimindo sua desaprovação contra ela ter atacado um colega com uma vassoura. Certamente a pesquisa de opiniões de que Aislinn fazia questão era fundamental para que ela pudesse mudar a cabeça das pessoas, a fim de entenderem e aceitarem suas atitudes, de modo que não precisasse ela mesma mudar nada em si: — Ah não, você não entendeu o que aconteceu. Eu tinha acabado de comprar a vassoura e ele a pegou para varrer o chão. A vassoura que eu havia comprado! Estava novinha, e ele começou a varrer o chão com ela. Você viu? Então. Não saia por aí falando do que não viu. Nem a vassoura você viu direito. — Mas eu vi você batendo no cara com a vassoura, e mesmo que ele a tivesse usado ainda novinha, como diz, isso não torna mais merecido o sujeito levar paulada de cabo de vassoura. — Ora, me perdoe por ser humana! Estava aí algo que Aislinn fazia muito. Arvorava-se em defesas politicamente corretas, distorcendo a realidade com vistas ao preenchimento dos requisitos que precisavam ser atendidos a fim de poder legitimamente invocar tais defesas. Assim, o ato de bater em uma pessoa a paulada era apresentado como um mero descontrole emocional digno da atenuante \"errar é humano\". No final ela se fazia parecer muito razoável e quem acabava se passando por irrazoável era seu crítico. O sofisma consistia em que ela igualava um ato monstruoso a um ato \"humano\", colocava o mesmo conteúdo em duas situações distintas. Dessa forma ela admitia seu erro, mas sem admiti-lo (a ambigüidade sempre presente), e assim dava ares de ser mais razoável ainda, ao reconhecer que tinha agido mal, sendo que no fim de tudo ela não havia saído do lugar. Seus sofismas eram justamente um eterno correr sem sair do mesmo ponto. Apesar de todas essas objeções que Aleister teria para dar como resposta à pesquisa de Aislinn, que chegou nele contrita, mostrando-se disposta a aprender e se corrigir, ele apenas se queixou disto: — Não fique dando falsas esperanças para Norgan, se é que você está do meu lado mesmo. Isso é desleal, tanto para comigo, quanto para com ele. — Mas você faz isso também! — \"argumentou\" ela. Na verdade o que Aleister tinha feito era prometer um adesivo para Norgan colar no carro dele, o qual dizia \"Fumante no volante, perigo constante\". Só não chegou a dar o adesivo, ao descobrir que ele fumava e que havia achado que sua promessa era uma brincadeira, e uma brincadeira de mau gosto. Norgan não gostou dela. Aislinn fizera tanto terrorismo ao pé da orelha de Norgan, dizendo que Aleister tinha planos pesados contra ele, que ele foi embora, sendo que os planos eram na verdade dela, para ficar com o lugar de Norgan. De fato ele saiu, deixando uma indicação em favor dela. E ela pôs a culpa da saída de Norgan em Palantir: — Não adianta você tramar contra ele, porque ele descobriu tudo. — De fato, ela que havia contado (o que ele tinha descoberto, pelo menos) — E agora ele sai como herói. Quem é que vai resolver isso? Eu, claro que a mamãe aqui. Numa penada eu mostro para ele tudo que você não conseguiu durante todos esses anos. Mas, na verdade, ela acabou é não mostrando nada. Foi atrás de Norgan apenas para garantir sua indicação. Mas era tarde demais. Norgan já havia mudado de idéia e indicado Aleister. Aislinn viu que todas as suas maquinações, todos os seus venenos e todos os seus serviços noturnos extras, tinham acabado nesse ponto, de nem mesmo Norgan querer alguma coisa com ela; havia arrumado uma gueixa gostosa. Arrasada, foi pedir desculpas a Aleister por tudo, numa tentativa de aliviar um pouco o opressivo peso da solidão; ele pelo menos nunca a havia usado e sempre fora honesto e sincero com ela. Era capaz de humilhar-se perante ele mostrando que já pagava o preço de ser picareta, e o fazia para inspirar sua compaixão e o induzir a aceitá-la novamente. Entretanto, a técnica falhava porque Aislinn não resistia a transformar sua condição abjeta em algo charmoso, mediante comparações entre si e celebridades geniais que, como ela, acabavam sozinhas, finalmente dando uma guinada no discurso a um ponto em que aparecia como a vítima injustiçada. Até mesmo quando sentia dor de verdade, sofrimento de verdade, solidão de verdade, olhava a si mesma de uma perspectiva em que se tornava uma heroína no início de uma aventura. E todo o valor de sua confissão, de seu reconhecimento, perdia-se completamente. — Porque eu sou um passarinho em uma gaiola, que não pode voar, e pára de cantar pois fica triste, por não ter mais liberdade. Eu sou como Robert Franklin Stroud que, não obstante preso, ensinou os pássaros a voar, já que ele mesmo não podia fazê-lo, pois as grades o isolavam do léu. Minha sina é ser um gênio como Robert Stroud, que tenta se abrir para o mundo, mas o mundo está fechado para ele. Ela se gabava de alguma coisa que não podia ser fonte de cabotinismo, pelo contrário. Estava se sentindo o gênio incompreendido, mas misericórdia nenhuma tocou o coração de Aleister quando se viu tentado a mostrar quão ridícula ela estava sendo: — Pô, você acaba sendo incompreendida porque não fala coisa com coisa. E aí vai acabar mesmo sozinha, e não é por ser um Robert Stroud, mas por ser um Gordiabo. Vendo que ela havia se colocado em uma situação não apenas digna de pena como de chacota, dando um gostinho de vitória para Aleister, Aislinn tratou de mudar o discurso, incontinenti: — Mas não sei de onde você tirou essa idéia, de que sou sozinha. Todos requisitam minha presença. Eu só vivo em bando. Eu sou como uma andorinha que voa no céu cor de anil, e as minhas companheiras voam ao meu redor, por ansiarem minha presença em suas vidas o tempo todo. Nunca estou só. Eu pensava que estava em uma gaiola, mas eu estava voando na gaiola. A gaiola era apenas uma projeção mental, pois ao meu lado muitas andorinhas voavam junto a mim. Vamos juntas sempre, sempre, rumo ao companheirismo que sempre nos unirá, para sempre, sempre! — Nesse caso, acho que eu posso despedi-la. Você só era mantida aqui por compaixão. Achamos que você era muito sozinha. Não poucos alimentavam recalques em relação a você, torciam o nariz para sua inclusão no quadro de funcionários desta firma, mas eu estava sentindo pena. Ficamos felizes por não mais termos que manter você por perto. Então você tem para onde ir. E, realmente feliz e aliviado, apertou-lhe cordialmente a mão e a encaminhou para a sala do contador, a fim de que recebesse sua rescisão. ","Summary":" Introdução à Sofismática Por Frederico Rezek (com participação especial de Wesker Janjamgoleski) Do"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Something In The Way She Moves","Author":"gutsandglitter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7277240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Paul?\" \"Hm?\" \"I asked you a question.\" \"Sorry. What was it?\" Wendy Brewer rolled her eyes and tossed her blond curls over her shoulder in annoyance. \"Oh, never mind,\" she grumbled. Paul nodded absentmindedly. He had been daydreaming throughout this entire date, as well as their other two. He didn't know why she kept going out with him. He didn't know why he kept going out with her either. Since the incident at the library, Paul wasn't sure why he did anything. Everything was mechanical. Get up. Eat. Write. Sleep. Fuck. His writing was pure drivel, awful fluffy stuff he could sell to equally fluffy publications. Since he and Holly had split (Did they split? Had they ever really been together?), the only thing that had been in good spirits was his pocketbook. Maybe that's why the miserably dim Wendy stuck around. He looked across the table at the blond, who was in the middle of examining her fingernails. He felt a pang of grief as he imagined Holly sitting across from him in the same position. No, she was with her Brazilian, having a wonderful time. He stood up. \"I have to go,\" he said suddenly. Wendy looked alarmed. \"Aren't you going to invite me back to your place?\" she said, raising her eyebrow. \"If I'm lucky enough, you'll never be in the same vicinity as my place ever again,\" he said coldly, throwing some money on the table for dinner. She gave him the most ridiculous pout he had ever seen and he snorted. He turned on his heel and walked out the door into the chilly November air. He pushed his hands down into the pockets of his coat and began walking. He wasn't really sure where he was going, his feet moved as if they had a mind of their own. Holly was everywhere he looked. Getting into a taxi on 34th Street, flipping the Open sign to Closed in a tiny café, walking an impossibly tiny dog through a crosswalk. Any subtle movement of any female he passed reminded him of something she had said or done. He squeezed his eyes closed, but it was no good. There she was on the back of his eyelids, strumming a guitar and singing \"Moon River\". His feet stopped suddenly, and he nearly fell over with his own momentum. He opened his eyes, and nearly laughed out loud when he saw where his feet had taken him. Tiffany's. He walked up to the glass and peeked at the display in the window. It was a very lovely place, he had to admit. It didn't seem like anything bad could ever happen there. He sighed. He longed to feel like that anywhere else. At one point in time, he had thought that he might have found his own Tiffany's, but he was cruelly mistaken. The one person in the world who had ever made him feel safe was now wrapped in the arms of a tall dark stranger, one who could give her all she had ever wanted. One who could actually afford more than just a silver telephone-dialer at Tiffany's. He snorted. She was such a phony. A real phony, but a phony nonetheless. ","Summary":" \"Paul?\" \"Hm?\" \"I asked you a question.\" \"Sorry. What was it?\" Wendy Brewer rolled her eyes "},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Wildcat","Author":"JetNoir","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2043579","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Breakfast at Tiffany's WILDCAT Go lightly Holly, the trapped bird escaping, freedom beckons, onward. A sun ripened Tomato, can never get you down, onward, Holly, onward. Cat and I, are facets of your soul, to find a place like-; onward, ever onward. You're a wildcat Holly, a free spirit: In a way, I am a tree. Like Tiffany's. Note: This poem is based more on the movie, than the novel due to the slightly differing endings. (Personally, I prefer the film!) Hope you enjoyed it, and please review! Disclaimer: All characters are copyright to Truman Capote/Paramount Pictures; and the poem to me. This poem has been written on the understanding that you may read it and print it out; but you may not pass it off as your own, hire it out, or sell it for money. You also may not put it on your own or any other web page without my express written permission. Thankyou! JetNoir ","Summary":" Breakfast at Tiffany's WILDCAT Go lightly Holly, the trapped bird escaping, freedom beckons, onward"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Of Whiskey and Catnip","Author":"Chudley Cannon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2682129","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Of Whiskey and Catnip by Chudley Cannon Notes: Written for the 15minuteficlets livejournal community challenge with the book in mind, but works for thernfilm, too. Written upon the assumption of another (fictional) fallingrnout between the two of them sometime after Holly stops calling himrn\"Fred\" and takes up with José. Thernlatest I ever came over was sometime after two in the morning. I'drnbeen lying awake for hours upon hours, just waiting for therninimitable sound of Holly's arrival, usually marked by loudrnshouting and a random annoyed neighbor, as she'd stopped, since ourrnfalling out, buzzing me to open the door for her. It wasn'trnas though I was ready to make up or anything, but I realized that ifrnit were coming down to who was a bigger person between Holly and me,rnI would have to step up and attempt to be that bigger person, to putrnit all behind us. It just seemed to be an impossible notion, askingrnHolly to be a bigger person about anything, because she just believedrnshe was on principle. Anyway, the reason I had waited so earlyrnin the morning (or late at night, whichever is your fancy) was that Irnhad overheard tell of José being away on business, promptingrnHolly to spend the entire day with him and not getting in until wellrnafter midnight. It came upon me, then, that I should call on herrnright away because the idea was so persistent and niggling in my mindrnthat I wouldn't be able to sleep otherwise. At the door,rnHolly was in the process of undressing and waved me in, saying, \"Irncan't say I thought it'd be you, darling, but it's all rightrnand fine if you're ready to make up, I've just had the mostrnghastly awful day and I can't think of anyone I'd rather unloadrnonto, if you'll just finish unzipping me?\" I did so, andrnthen reached into my pocket and pulled out what I'd come to bring.rnHolly turned and her eyes widened in comical surprise, although shernseemed to sense that this was a gesture meant to be sentimentalrnrather than misguided. \"Well, don't just stand there,\"rnshe said, momentarily disappearing into the bedroom, \"give it tornhim and pour us a drink and we'll get the whole thing sorted.\" Irnbent down to where Cat was entangled amongst the discarded clothingrnHolly had left behind and I offered him the catnip. He accepted,rnafter a cursory inspection, with an efficient nod, taking off with itrnwithout so much as a nuzzle, but it was all right with me. For all ofrnHolly's prattling on about the two of them not owning one another,rnthey sure had a habit of taking each other's cues. I pouredrnher some whiskey and she returned to me, dressed for sleep andrnuntangling her hair. At her assistance that I have some and myrnacknowledgment that I had to work in the morning, she pressed: \"Havernsome, darling. It'll do you good, it's like you've never slept.rnWaking death, that's what you look like, like a vampire in one ofrnthose newspaper cartoons. \"'Course I don't usually skimrnthe cartoons much,\" she went on, \"for I think that sort of humorrnis a little bit above me, or beneath me, I can't decide which. Atrnany rate, it's not something I've ever given much more than arnglance because—well, that sort of humor, the non-dirty kind that'srnmeant for everyone, it's always seemed as if it were trying tornalleviate everyone's collective grief. The whole thing is—more,rndarling, pour just a bit more—who needs to be reminded of that sortrnof grief?\" \"I don't know,\" I said, idly scratching Catrnbehind the ears as he came by looking for more catnip, \"but yourncan't really fault people for trying.\" \"Oh, yes, I can.rnIt's like I said to José, if you're going to run a countryrnone day, it seems ridiculous to make laws upon laws all centered onrnmaking everyone happy. That'll just never happen! There aren't arnlot of impossible ideas in the world, but that's one of them.\" She finished another shot of whiskey and asked for more. Irnwas good at recognizing exhaustion when I saw it and I obliged,rnwanting to get her there quicker, pouring her another shot, and thenrnanother, and another, until she was slumped into my lap, snoringrnquietly. Cat joined us on the couch and I carried them both tornbed. Now, years later, I wish that I had attempted, that night or anyrnnight, to understand her grief, to try and pinpoint it as easily asrnshe had. If I had, or if I could now, I'm sure forgetting her wouldrnbe attainable. But as it is, she was right about the impossible ideasrnin the world. I wasn't prone to puerile clichés, but itrnseemed to make sense, that Holly Golightly would be an impossiblernidea to me. That's why I'll probably never forget her. ","Summary":" Of Whiskey and Catnip by Chudley Cannon Notes: Written for the 15minuteficlets livejournal communit"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"All We Can Do is Hope","Author":"zeldazonk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1024078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On days when the sky is the same cloudy gray as his eyes, myrngrandfather goes up to the attic.xa0 Wernhear his light footfalls above us and we sit silently, waiting, for he locksrnthe attic door and none of us have ever seen what is inside. \"What does he do up there?\" I ask my father, who shrugsrnhelplessly. \"Your grandfather has gone up there for as long as I can remember, but we'rernnever allowed to go with him.xa0 Herncarries the key in his pocket . . .and it's a special key, one that can't bernduplicated.\" I nod, quickly turning away so Dad doesn't see the glimmer in my eyes, plottingrna stealthy theft of that key. Grandpa is an enigma.xa0rnHe used to write; stories, poems, articles--they'd come pouring from hisrnlong, tobacco-stained and ink-blotted fingers to the magic keys of hisrntypewriter.xa0 His books hide behindrnDickens and Steinbeck on library shelves, slim volumes of a past I know sornlittle about. I know even less about my grandmother, whose name is neverrnspoken, whose face I've never seen.xa0rnWhen I ask after her, the response is for me to be quiet. But I'm tired of being quiet, spending my days in a housernheavy with secrets.xa0 I want to knowrnabout my family, where I've come from.xa0rnI want a grandfather who doesn't retreat to the attic on cloudy,rnmelancholy days.xa0 I want to find out,rnand for me to do that I must see what's inside the attic. Every night, Grandpa retires to his study to read and smokerna cigar.xa0 He does this in a red silkrnsmoking jacket like Hugh Hefner, which leaves that Holy Grail of a key in easyrnaccess.xa0 I think he's grown so used tornthis routine that he forgets I could slip into his bedroom and steal it. That's exactly what I do, feeling a little devious but notrncaring all that much.xa0 With some quickrnsearching, making sure I walk on silent feet as not to arouse suspicion, thernkey is located.xa0 Not in pockets of hisrnmany trousers and matching jackets, but in a little jewelry box.xa0 How obvious, Gramps.xa0 You don't fool me. With a sneaky burglar's grin, I fold that key into my handrnand creep up to the attic. ~ It's empty but for a trunk and a table with a suitcase ofrnsorts on it.xa0 \"That's it?\" I say tornmyself, heart sinking in disappointment.xa0rnI'd imagined a room reminiscent of King Tut's tomb in Grandpa's historyrnbooks, full of golden effigies and organs in gilded bottles, velvetrncarpeting.xa0 Dust fills the air, cloakingrnit with a musty smell like a museum. I try the suitcase first.xa0rnFiddling around with the lock, which springs open with a creakingrncomplaint, I throw open the lid.xa0 \"Thisrnis what you come up here for, Grandpa? A typewriter?xa0 There aren't even any WORDS on it!\" Indeed, the keys are grayishrnwith age and the ink has long since dried up. I decide that it's time for me to examine the trunk—therntypewriter hasn't yielded to any clues.xa0rnIt's a rather large thing, a shiny black, and heavy to open.xa0 But as I do so, this heady rose-musk scentrnenvelops me and caresses my brain.xa0 Irnexhale gratefully, whisperingxa0rn\"Jackpot!\" under my breath. So many, many things! Letters; there must be twenty of themrnin yellowing envelopes.xa0 A bottle ofrnexquisitely packaged perfume, the perfume that is releasing the sweet scent I'mrnnear-drunk on.xa0 A dress, black moirérnsilk, simple in design as I hold it up to myself.xa0 It, too, carries that feminine, musky scent in its folds, fadedrnwith age.xa0 A pair of black gloves andrnJackie O. sunglasses to match.xa0 Tworncheap masks—a sad faced dog and devilish cat.xa0rnI handle those fragile things with care and all the while I'm wondering,rn\"Who's things are these? Who does this dress belong to and why does Grandparnhave it up in the attic?xa0 Who is thisrnhidden person?\" Digging deeper without one bit of guilt, I encounter one ofrnGrandpa's books.xa0 \"Nine Lives\" reads therncover.xa0 \"A novel by Paul Varjak.\" Well,rnthat doesn't surprise me.xa0 I've seen,rnand read, this book a thousand times.xa0rnBut this one has writing in the cover.xa0rnAnxiously my eyes fight to read the discolored words. \"To Holly,\" it reads.xa0rnWho's Holly, and why does Grandpa have her book?xa0 \"They're not all dirty stories, but I hopernyou'll enjoy them anyway.\" It was signed \"P. (Fred) Varjak\" and undated. And tucked inside the cover of the book are pictures!rnPictures dyed brown-greenish by the hands of time.xa0 I give a little gasp upon examining them: Grandpa, much younger,rnlooking stiffly uncomfortable, drink in one hand, with a doelike brunette,rnresembling Audrey Hepburn to a point it's almost scary, who is wearing a blackrndress and smoking a long, elegant cigarette.xa0rnThey're surrounded by a bunch of people, all of whom have their backsrnturned to the lens.xa0xa0 The woman isrnsmiling radiantly but Grandpa's face is towards her.xa0 Her hands are a blur of motion and above them on a shelf is an orangerntabby cat, glowering down upon the party. Another picture is of the same woman, bundled in a heftyrnblue fisherman's sweater, with the same cat on her shoulder.xa0 She looks as though the picture was takenrnwithout her knowing; she could be a Monet painting done in hazy watercolors.xa0 Longingly her gaze drifts out the openedrnwindow. Hurriedly I turn those pictures around, searching for somernclue to that woman's identity.xa0 Penciledrnin Grandpa's thin, slanting hand are the words, \"Holly and Cat.\" What's this? The thinnest piece of paper, nearly crumblingrnin my hands, falls from behind one of the photographs.xa0 Taking pains not to ruin it with myrnexcitable fingers, I open the secrets I believe this paper will uncover andrnread.xa0 It's typewritten poorly, lettersrnand punctuation sadly lacking, causing me to doubt that Grandpa wrote this.xa0 (From the time I was able to understand, hernhad me writing and reading.) \"Moon River. Wider than a mile. I'm crossing you in Style. Someday. Oh Dream maker You Heart breaker Where ever you're going I'm going your Way. Two Drifters. Off to see the World. There's such a lot of World to see. We're after the same Rainbow's End. Waiting round the bend My Huckleberry Friend, Moon River and Me. A magnetic force binds me to this simple slip of paper and Irnknow then that this is Holly's song.xa0rnIt's as if bits of Grandpa's hidden life are being pieced together likerna puzzle in my mind and now finally I know.xa0rnHolly.xa0 Holly is the reasonrnGrandpa comes up here so often. Someone knocks at the door.xa0rnI jump in complete fear, for it is late into the night and I've beenrnsitting here for what seems like hours.xa0rn\"Let me in, Jocelyn! What are you doing up here?\" It's Grandpa's voice,rnrough and angry. Tremblingly I rise from my uncomfortable position on thernhard floor and walk slowly to the door, opening it to reveal Grandpa in hisrnpajamas with a severely annoyed look on his face. \"Grandpa. . .\" I fumble for an apology, but quickly dismiss the idea.xa0 \"Who is Holly?\" The hard features of his face soften and his eyes becomerndreamy.xa0 \"Holly. . .so you've foundrnher.\" I nod, unable to say anything more.xa0 \"Who's Holly?\" He repeats.xa0 \"Holly Golightly.xa0 Who's Holly?\" I'm a little worried; my dependable, sturdy Grandparnlooks like he's in a trance. \"Tell me about Holly, Grandpa.\" ~ The trunk has been moved.xa0rnNo longer will it sit in the attic, Grandpa says, as we drag it down thernstairs.xa0 Tenderly he wipes ever-presentrndust off the treasure chest, a novel-like romance changing him completely.xa0 We settle into red leather chairs in thernmasculinity of his office and he holds a glass of bourbon in one hand.xa0 The office is comforting in its warmth andrnsmoke, smoke that sends him back a million years.xa0 I can see the decades melting away as he speaks. \"Her name was Holly Golightly.xa0 She was a girl-about-town . . .lived in the same apartmentrnbuilding as I did.xa0 Rich men took herrnout and paid her . . .once she told me she got fifty dollars to take to thernpowder room.xa0 But she wasn't a whore.xa0 When they got her back to her house, she'drnlock the door and crawl up the fire escape to my room to hide.xa0 We'd hear them calling for her, drunk andrnangry, and we'd smoke cigarettes and laugh.xa0rnShe used to have wild parties with a thousand others of her bohemianrnsort, and they'd get drunk and play their music loud and annoy the man whornlived upstairs.xa0 The cops would getrncalled but Holly would charm them—if there was one thing Holly Golightlyrnpossessed, it was charm.xa0 And lots ofrnit. \"Holly's favorite place in the world was Tiffany's.xa0 When she'd get the \"mean reds\" that was thernfirst place she would go, just to spend hours amid the glitter of the preciousrnjewels.xa0 It was her sanctuary. \"She had a nameless cat. . .didn't name him because she saidrnhe didn't belong to her.xa0 But he did;rnthey belonged to each other and she did realize it eventually.xa0 But that happens later on. \"I fell in love with Holly and she with me though she hidrnit. . .Holly had a complex fear of being caged.xa0 She'd been \"married\" once, to an old tired man named Doc.xa0 She wasn't Holly Golightly, glamorous gaminernin Givenchy.xa0 Not really.xa0 She was really Lulamae Barnes, a wild,rnuneducated girl with a brother named Fred.xa0rnShe called me Fred because she said I looked like him.xa0 She wanted to live on a ranch with Fred; hernwas good with horses, she said.xa0 ButrnFred was killed and Holly fell to pieces.xa0rnThat was when I really understood her.xa0rnThat and when she'd sing that song.\" \"The one about the moon river?\" I ask, interrupting his reverie to make myrnchildish inquiry.xa0 He nods solemnly, ourrnidentical eyes meeting in kinship, for now I know the story. \"So many things happened in this first few months; it wouldrntake forever for me to describe them all to you.xa0 She used to visit a man called Sally Tomato at Sing Sing for onernhundred dollars, just to deliver a \"weather report\" that was really some sortrnof gangster code.xa0 Holly didn't knowrnthat; she was adorably naïve about that sort of thing.xa0 She went to jail for it, too, but I bailedrnher out.xa0 That day she was supposed tornfly to Argentina to marry Jose; she wanted to marry for money. \"But Jose broke his promise and sent a telegram saying herndidn't want to marry her.xa0 She wilted inrnthe back of that taxicab and I hated Holly then, as head over heels in lovernwith her as I was. 'You can't cage a wild thing,' she said often.xa0 I told her I didn't want to put her in arncage; I just wanted to love her.\" Grandpa stops there and sits in silence until I finally venture the question Irnknow he's been dreading.xa0 \"What happenedrnto Holly?\" \"Would you believe it if I told you she married me?\" I shake my head and hernsmiles sadly.xa0 \"She did.xa0 We were really very much in love; it wasrnjust like one of those romance movies back when they knew how to make them.xa0 And you know what she said to me? She said,rn'Paul, darling, remember when I told you that Tiffany's was the only place thatrncould ever make me completely happy? Now there's two places; Tiffany's, ofrncourse; it isn't like I could forget Tiffany's since it's such a wonderfulrnplace, all full of light and diamonds even if some of that jewelry is reallyrnterribly ugly, I love it anyhow.xa0 Andrnwith you.'\" \"Where is Holly, Grandpa?\" I don't want to ask, don't want to hurt him more,rnbut I have to know. His eyes well up with tears but he doesxa0 cry.xa0rn\"I don't know where Holly is, Jocelyn.\" Taking a deep, staggering breath, choked with emotion, hernstared down at the photographs in his hand.xa0rn\"This is all I have of Holly now.xa0rnHer favorite dress, these pictures, that song, the perfume . . .thernmasks.\" When he speaks of the masks, the cartoonish cat and dog that I holdrncarefully in my hands, a smile crosses his face once again.xa0 \"When your father was very young, Holly leftrnus.xa0 She'd come back once in awhile; Irnheard once that things always come back to the place they love most.xa0 And now I'm old; Holly's old too though shernseems ageless.\" \"Why doesn't my father talk about her?\" \"He doesn't remember her.xa0 She loved himrndearly but she wasn't a good mother, wasn't cut out to be a mother in the firstrnplace.xa0 I hate to say it, Jocelyn, but Irncaged her.xa0 I wanted her to be a wife,rnsomeone who would make me dinner when I came home from work at night, raise ourrnchildren, stay with me until we were old and senile.xa0 In my selfish love, I unwittingly drove away the one thing I lovedrnmost.\" He pauses, staring at me for a long time.xa0 \"You look like Holly.xa0 Irnsee her in you; the way you move and the way you talk, how you can move fromrnsubject to subject in just a second.xa0rnYour hair is like hers, and the structure of your face.xa0 But your eyes are mine, Jocelyn, and yourrnheart is that of a writer.xa0 You've gotrninkblots on your hands just as I do; yours aren't visible yet but they'llrncome.xa0 I want you to write, Jocelyn.xa0 I want you to write about Holly.xa0 Tell our story.\" Well, naturally, Grandpa.xa0rnI've already been writing it in my head.xa0 \"Maybe your doing so will bring her back to me.\" I've got one last question.xa0 \"What aboutrnCat? What happened to Cat?\" He laughs now, patting my hand the way grandfathers are supposed to.xa0 \"Cat lived with us.xa0 She let him out that day in the taxi, in thernpouring rain on the streets of New York City.xa0rnBut we found him and took him home.\" \"Just like what you did to Holly. . .\" I whisper.xa0 \"So Holly is my grandmother.xa0rnWill she come back, Grandpa?\" \"I don't know, Jocelyn.xa0 I don'trnknow.xa0 All we can do is hope.xa0 Maybe she's seen the world, crossed her moonrnriver in style.xa0 You can't cage a wildrnthing, but you can hope that when you set it free it will return.xa0 You've got to believe in love.\" FIN ","Summary":" On days when the sky is the same cloudy gray as his eyes, myrngrandfather goes up to the attic.xa0 "},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Roses and Moonlight","Author":"ceridwen-amyed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1095132","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : B@T isn't mine. I don't know who's it is, but it certainly ain't mine. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : B@T isn't mine. I don't know who's it is, but it certainly ain't mine."},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"In the Rain","Author":"zeldazonk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1030402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: What if Holly and Paul wouldn't have reconciled the wayrnthey did in the rain? Snippets of song are from \"On My Own.\"xa0 I rearranged it to suit my purposes. Alone.xa0 I am alone,rnthe way I'm supposed to be.xa0 I am a freernbird, a will-o-the-wisp.xa0 I walkrnfollowing my tail like Kipling's cat.xa0 Irnfloat lightly through life and I belong to no one. Once, I preferred living this way.xa0 Irnliked to live my life as I pleased, listening to none but myself.xa0 I enjoyed my ways, the jewelry and the moneyrnand the perfume and the clothing.xa0 Irncould spend my life at Tiffany's.xa0rnTiffany's—my safe haven, the place sheltering me from what I knew to bernthe true brutality of life.xa0 I hid atrnTiffany's; I hid behind the calm of diamonds and silver, hid in a place that Irnnaively thought was paradise, hid from love. And now I've pushed love out in the rain.xa0 I'm alone again.xa0 I've lost Paul and I've lost Cat.xa0 I've lost the only two people (yes, I consider Cat a person) whornmade me feel as if I belonged, that I wasn't just a socialite flyingrndangerously though the years.xa0 I loved themrnand I shoved them into the rain; they'll be alone now, alone as I should be.xa0 We're alone; we know nothing of what willrnhappen to us next. I try to convince myself that that's the way I want it tornbe. I am comforted by this rain, the way it drenches my emotionsrnas I walk slowly down New York City streets.xa0rnMy city is dark and sorrowful; I imagine the raindrops are teardrops,rntears that I'm too empty inside to cry. I should go home. But where is home? Where is my Moon River and why can't Irnseem to find it? And now I'm all alone again, Nowhere to turn, nowhere to go to, Without a home, without a friend, without a face to sayrnhello to. So cold; I'm so cold.xa0rnI feel like Cat, wet and frightened, searching for shelter.xa0 I cannot retreat to Tiffany's, and I willrnnot go home.xa0 I have no home.xa0 I'm Holly Golightly, girl-about-town.xa0 Belonging to no one. In the rain, the pavement shines like silver. All the lights are misty in the river. In the darkness, the trees are full of starlight And all I see is him and me forever and forever. But I know it's only in my mind. . . Oh, Paul darling.xa0 Irnhave forsaken you! You and your offerings of perfect, unparalleled love that Irnso rudely scorned.xa0 I didn't want to berncaged.xa0 But you didn't want to cage me,rndid you, darling? You wanted to love me and I refused to be loved. I hope you've found Cat.xa0rnHe deserves your stability. I love him, but every day I'm learning. It must be nearly morning.xa0rnThe sky will lighten soon and I will wake up, knowing this is all a badrndream.xa0 There will be no José, no SallyrnTomato.xa0 There will be only Paul and me,rnforever and forever. Foolish dreams.xa0 Howrnoften I've squandered my thoughts on dreams.xa0rnWhen I was a little girl, hungry and poverty-stricken, barefoot in thernhills, I dreamt of living the way I do now.xa0rnI wanted the glamour.xa0 I didn'trnthink about love; maybe it was because all the \"love\" I'd seen was false. Now I wish my dreams hadn't come true. I love him, but when the night is over he is gone. The river's just a river. Without him, the world around me changes. The trees are bare and everywhere the streets are full ofrnstrangers. I shiver, wiping water from my face.xa0 Whether it be rain or tears, I'm notrnconcerned.xa0 I want to get home, where Irncan hide once more.xa0 My Moon River hasrnfaded up dry and my foolish dreams are dead. \"Holly.\" Your voice.xa0 I turnrnto look over my shoulder, afraid I'm hearing things and when I open my eyes yournwon't be behind me.xa0 I have dreamed yourninto existence again. \"Holly.\" There it is again.xa0 \"Holly, turn around.xa0 Look at me.\" I close my eyes and he has found me. \"I waited for you,\" I whisper.xa0 \"I waited for you to find me.\" \"I know,\" comes your reply.xa0 \"We'rerndestined, Holly Golightly.xa0 Two driftersrnwill always cross paths.xa0 Are our pathsrnlinked, Holly?xa0 Yours, mine, and Cat's?\" You hold us in your arms, Cat and me.xa0 I'm shaking now, not from cold but fromrncomplete and utter insane love.xa0 \"Oh,rnPaul. . .forever.xa0 You've found me and I'vernfinally found a place better than Tiffany's.\" Fin ","Summary":" A/N: What if Holly and Paul wouldn't have reconciled the wayrnthey did in the rain? Snippets of son"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"New York, New York","Author":"ceridwen-amyed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1017890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Characters from Breakfast at Tiffany's aren't mine, including Madame Sapphia Spanella, who was in Truman Capote's original book but not the film. Other characters do belong to me, but they don't really matter in this. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Characters from Breakfast at Tiffany's aren't mine, including Madame Sapphia Spanella, "},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Tiffany's, Diamonds, and Other things concerned","Author":"blue-eyed claudia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3246186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tiffany's,nDiamonds, and Other things concerned Disclaimer: I do notnown Breakfast at Tiffany's or any of the characters or settingsndepicted in it. I only own the characters that I create. Chaptern1: You poor old no name slob Paul Varjak, HollynGolightly, and the no name cat were trying to flag down another cabnwhile standing in the rain. She and Paul had just made up and hernhead was reeling from happiness. \"Taxi!\" Paul cried out as onenpassed, but it passed him by. He looked over at Holly and smilednsheepishly. He had terrible luck getting a ride; she had known thatnsince the first day they had met. Holly smiled back, oblivious to thenfact that all her makeup was starting to drip and her hair wasngetting messed up, and turned back to the street. She walked to thenedge of the street, put two of her fingers in her mouth, and whistlednvery loudly. In a matter of moments, a taxi had pulled up. Hollynturned back to Paul, who was holding Cat, and said \"Here we arenDarling. Come quickly now, we don't want to be getting sick, donwe?\" Paul just shook his head, silently mocking himself. He gavenCat to Holly and grabbed what little luggage they had. Hollynclimbed in first (with Cat in tow), and then Paul got in after. Shenput cat down on the seat, and scooted closer to her love. She restednagainst him, very contented. She wanted to tell him exactly as shenfelt, but she couldn't put it into words. If only you knew hownmuch I love you. I should have told you before. But it's my faultnI'm too…skittish. He leaned his head down and kissed the topnof her head. \"I love you Holly.\" She snuggled closer and returnednhis sentiments. I just didn't want a replay of Doc again. Ohngoodness, he was far too old and clingy. I did what I had to donthough, to take care of…Fred… her eyes welled up with tears.nPaul became concerned. Anytime Holly started crying, somethingnextremely bad was happening. Maybe she's reconsideringneverything that's just happened. Maybe she thinks I'm still goingnto lock her up tight in a cage and throw away the key. But we belongnto each other… he snapped out of his reverie, \"Holly, are younalright?\" Holly looked up into his eyes. They were gleaming withnconcern, a bit of fear, but love outshone them all. She maintainednthe eye contact with him, \"Darling Paul, I'm fine. I was justnthinking about…about…Fred.\" She said this with a forced smile.nPaul was startled. She had never called him by his actual name (withndarling attached, that is). Once she saw the reaction that she wantednout of him, she grew happier and smiled. The cab suddenly stopped. Itnhad reached their apartments. Theynboth got out (Paul still carrying the luggage, and Holly stillncarrying the no name slob), and proceeded up the steps. They openednthe door, and Holly got out one of her newly made keys. As she wasnopening the door though, Paul stopped her. He grabbed her arm, andnshe turned around. \"Holly there's something that I desperatelynneed to know. Do you love me? Truly?\" Holly was startled, butnmanaged to gasp \"Yes, of course I do.\" Paul pulled her closer tonhim. Now she was beginning to be afraid. \"Do you really mean thisnHolly?\" Holly stiffened slightly but again gave the same answer.nPaul now had a desperate look in his eye. He got down on one knee. Hollynfreaked out. \"Paul, what do you think that you are doing? Stand upnright this instant. I-\" Mr. Yunioshi's voice came from upstairs,n\"Ms. Golightly, I must protest! I am going to call the police!\"nHolly and Paul looked up but Paul looked back at her. \"Holly, willnyou marry me?\" Holly had still been looking up at Mr. Yunioshi, butnimmediately looked back down at Paul. \"What?\" She suddenly wentnvery pale. \"Holly, please consider this. We both love each other.nWe belong together. You're mine and I'm yours. Forever.\" Hollynunknowingly shook her head. She pulled away from him, and finishednopening the door. \"Holly, wait!\" Paul got up to stop her, butnHolly merely said \"I…I will see you soon Mr. Varjak. Good day.\"nAnd with that she shut the door and slumped down. A.N.: This is a onenshot! Tell me if you guys like it. Maybe I'll continue….[Chapter 2] Tiffany's,nDiamonds, and Other things concerned Disclaimer:nI do not own Breakfast at Tiffany's or any of the characters ornsettings depicted in it. I only own the characters that I create. A.N.:n Thanks so much for the feedback! Sorry this is so long in coming! Chaptern2: The Mean Reds Holly wasted nontime once she closed the door. She could still hear Paul poundingnaway on the door wanting her to open up, but she ignored it. She wentnjogging over to the kitchen, and stepped up into the sink. Catnskittered away, meowing angrily at her intrusion. She reached up tonthe space above the cabinets and felt around for the whiskey bottlenstored in that box left over from the party. She grabbed it, and satndown on the edge of the sink. \"Shoot. All gone.\" Holly frowned.nOf course she remembered that it was gone. How could one forget whennPaul had brought her home completely drunk and she had completely letnloose on some random rambling tirade? Looking into the depths of thenempty bottle, she realized that Paul's incessant pounding hadnstopped and a suffocating sorrow overwhelmed her. Paul had finallyngiven up, closing his eyes and resting his forehead on the stillnunmoving door. Why had he rushed her? Wasn't it enough for him tonknow that she loved him in return? He tried calling out to her a fewnmore times, but stopped when Mr. Yunioshi's face appeared over thenedge of the stairs. He turned around, momentarily defeated and walkednback up to his apartment. When he went to open his door, he foundnthat it was unlocked. Curious, he opened the door and was met withnthe sight of one of the part-time former occupants of apartment 2-E,nMrs. Failenson. \"What are youndoing here?\" She only smiled her wry smile and said \"Well, I'venbeen having some troubles at home, and I thought you might be justnthe person to cheer me up.\" She stayed smiling, knowing that shenwould get her way if she paid enough. The blue smoke from herncigarette curled elaborate designs and filled the room. Paul advancednon her, \"I already told you. I'm in love with someone. I belongnto her and she belongs to me.\" The strawberry blonde only pouted.n\"What if I give you what you ask? I can make you belong to me.\"nBy now, he was losing his patience because of everything that hadnhappened. She disregarded the look on his face, stood up, and walkedntoward him. Holly couldn'tnkeep what Paul had said to her out of her head. Did she really lovenhim that much? I love him, but…I don't want to be chainedndown. She was startled by Cat jumping into her lap. She begannstroking it, absentmindedly. Isn't it enough for him? We alreadynsaid that we belong to each other. One of the main reasons shenwas so apprehensive was because of the debacle that Doc had created. I was so young and impressionable then. But, that was then andnthis is now. With her mind made up, Holly put the cat down andnclimbed out of her bathroom window. She knocked on Paul's windownbefore looking. When she looked inside to see why he hadn't comenyet, she was met with the sight of Mrs. Failenson's hand on hisnarm. He had just seen her and came rushing over, but it was too late.nHolly started crying and raced back down to her room. Once inside, shenpacked a few meager supplies in the suitcase she used to keep hernphone inside. She ran out of her room, grabbed her precious perfumenand all the money she had. Just like when she and Fred had just met,nshe whistled loudly for a cab. Paul came running down the stairs andnthrew the front door open. \"Holly, wait! It's not what younthink!\" he cried out, but it was too late. She had gotten in thencab and was gone.[Chapter 3] Tiffany's, Diamonds, and Other things concerned Disclaimer: I do not own Breakfast at Tiffany's or any of the characters or settings depicted in it. I only own the characters that I create. A.N.: Sorry this took so long to update. This will be my last update until at least June because I am Elphaba in a rendition of Wicked/the Wizard of Oz that my musical theatre class is doing and everything is hectic. Enjoy! Chapter 3: I love Tiffany's The taxi drove around for a while. She didn't know what she was doing. Where do I go now? What am I supposed to do? Oh, this is just useless. Why she had packed her bags she didn't know. She didn't expect to hop on a train or plane to anywhere. Heaven knew that she certainly didn't have the funds for it. \"Driver, take me to Tiffany's.\" \"The jewelry store?\" \"Yes, and hop to it.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" The driver grumbled slightly, but he made a U-turn and began driving in the direction of it. Holly settled back into her chair and tears filled her eyes. She quickly blinked them away. She crossed her arms angrily and frowned. That…that…dirty rat. I can't believe he did that to me. She quickly rethought her statement. Wait a minute, yes I can. Every man that I've ever met has turned out to be exactly the same, if only worse. Unbidden tears filled her eyes again. I thought that Paul was different though. He was respectful, even more so than that darling José da Silva Pereira. He said he actually loved me. No one's told me that…but Doc. EW. She grimaced and shook her head to clear her mind of the memories that came from that name. \"Miss, we're here.\" A bright smile lit Holly's face. She quickly paid what was due and more, told the driver to wait for thirty minutes, and stepped out of the taxi. Mrs. Failenson came walking outside. ","Summary":" Tiffany's,nDiamonds, and Other things concerned Disclaimer: I do notnown Breakfast at Tiffany's or "},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"All in Your Hands","Author":"Little Eirtae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8873741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thoughts grow just as easily as grass, as easily as a weed. If you don't want it in your garden, why plant the seed? Night is falling. Somewhere in the rocky Moravian countryside, in the little highland village where she grew up, her husband is packing his belongings to come to her. In Dublin, her family is sleeping, and another man is waiting for her to come to him. She has known this man for a week, but she loves him nevertheless. She's told him so, and even if he didn't understand the words, the part of him that loves her too - that wants to carry her off to London, damn the consequences - understood what she meant. She has never been capable of loving someone and not telling them. If she goes to him now, she won't be able to stop herself from telling him over, and over, and over again. He swore nothing of the sort would happen between them, and it was a lie she agreed to believe. But now, as she gazes out the window and tries to visualize herself walking down the sidewalk and around the corner toward his place, she can't bring herself to believe the lie anymore. The truth is, she will break a vow to someone tonight: either him, or her husband. It's only a matter of which one to break. Her marriage vows are old now, worn brittle and thin - hastily forged what seems like a lifetime ago in the heat of the moment, after the heat of passion had already begun to cool. She barely knows this other man, but even now in the quiet of her own home she can feel him - all the moments they've spent together, his hopes and their shared triumphs - flaring in her blood. She doesn't know whether young and strong is superior to old and unsound, or whether there are some promises too old and too sacred and too much to be broken by something new. She has so little experience with new things. But she does know that for the past several nights, she has lain awake and in her deepest, most secret parts she has made a vow to herself: that she won't let her relationship with him end without words, without some kind of goodbye. If she doesn't go to him now, she will be breaking that promise to herself, as well as to him; maybe breaking whatever future friendship they could have had; and ultimately breaking her own heart. Probably his as well. And for a moment she is sure that she has to go, because surely a vow to oneself must be stronger than any other kind. But. She starts across the room to put on her coat, and her gaze falls on the remote control lying on the sofa, illuminated accusingly by the street light streaming through the window, and still empty of batteries. It hits her then, the bitter reality of the situation. There is one vow more important that the one she's made to herself, and she broke it the moment she stole money from her baby daughter to fund a pipe dream. She sinks onto the sofa, head in her hands, and the face that appears behind her eyelids is neither that of her husband nor the man she loves. It was foolish to think that her bonds with them were what mattered. What truly matters is Ivanka, the smell of her hair when she wakes up in the morning. Her mother, the way her eyes glow when she learns a new English word. Her job, the money she must earn to pay for the right to stay in this flat, the only home that Ivanka has any memory of. This life that she's building here, the stability and love protected in these tiny rooms. That's what matters. That's what she cannot risk. She loves him. Not even to protect her own heart could she give up those feelings. But for Ivanka, she could do anything. When the piano arrives, her husband kisses her, says \"It's beautiful, darling\" and \"You've made very good friends here, že ?\" \"Just the one,\" she says. She sits down and begins to play one of her own songs, one that he never heard, and even then she can hear his light harmony in her head. He would have liked this one, she thinks. It's about leaving things behind, about seizing chances and hoping for better things to come. She doesn't have to wonder if he is thinking about her, across the sea. She knows he is. The next day, her mother helps her draw up one hundred flyers for piano lessons. She hands them out with the flowers she sells, and the boys from her building post them all over the city on their way to work. Two weeks later, she deposits her first earnings into Ivanka's piggy bank as the little girl sleeps. \"I told you I'd pay you back,\" she whispers, leaning over the crib. Her daughter will have everything she can give. Her daughter will learn stories of the Czech mountains and know how to retell them in English. Her daughter will have two parents, and learn from the mistakes of both. Someday, she will kiss Ivanka and tell her to follow her heart. Tonight, she kisses her daughter softly, softly, and turns out the light. Konec. Author's note: This story was written for chicafrom3 at the Archive of Our Own as part of the Yuletide 2012 gift exchange. Epigraph from the exquisite \"All in Your Head\" by Markéta Irglová. The lyrics belong to her and are reproduced here under the fair use standard. ","Summary":" Thoughts grow just as easily as grass, as easily as a weed. If you don't want it in your garden, wh"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Falling Slowly Back into Place","Author":"Cat Francis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11213466","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He had moved to New York to pursue a music career he had nearly given up on and a woman who had left him for the glamour of the Broadway stage. A month later, his music had fallen by the wayside in favour of making enough money to live on. A month later, the woman who had been so excited for his arrival had grown tired of his deepening dislike for the bustling city that never slowed down, never seemed to breathe. A month later was not what he had expected. Even if things had been working between the two of them, that might have been something to grasp onto and keep holding. But it just…wasn't. The time apart and a change of scenery didn't appear to be enough; there were some things that simply couldn't be fixed and this seemed to be one of them. One morning, while tidying the tiny shared apartment, he came across one of the demo CDs he had brought from Ireland. He thought he had gotten rid of them all, but apparently not. He was about to toss it into the bin and forget about it entirely, but his hand stopped. With a faint smile, he recalled the hazy memory of that long, long day spent at the recording studio in Dublin. It had only been a month but it felt years — and worlds — away. Maybe it was worth a listen, if for nothing more than a good bout of nostalgia for the days when his dreams were boldly alive. The delicate piano and his soft voice - though it had ceased to be his and simply was — filled the small room with a tender longing that he hadn't noticed before… I don't know you But I want you All the more for that His old sentimentality came flooding back and he moved to turn it off, but his hand stopped at the sound of the woman's voice joining his… Words fall through me And always fool me And I can't react Memories flooded through his mind: standing beside her beneath the stars and looking down on Dublin; her spinning Ivanka around the kitchen while her roommates sang and clapped out a song in Czech; her seriousness in greeting her beloved piano and in getting him to do the same; signing him up for open mic night and then beaming up at him with a smile he couldn't refuse; her insistence that he not leave his guitar behind; the fact that she had changed his life around in under a week… And games that never amount To more than they're meant Will play themselves out A sudden and shocking glimpse of his life as seen from the outside: he had exchanged his home, his da, everything that was familiar for a child's fantasy of being a rock star in America and for a woman who had walked out on him to move halfway across the world chasing a soap bubble dream of fame and fortune. And a woman was left behind. A Czech woman in Ireland with a young daughter, who should not have had as much energy as she did, putting aside her own life to convince him to keep pursuing music… Take this sinking boat and point it home You've still got time Raise your hopeful voice you have a choice You can make it now He sat up sharply. It was as if he were speaking to himself out of the past, urging him to correct his mistake. He never should have left Dublin; music just wasn't the same anymore without her beside him. He did have a choice: he could stay in New York with the woman he had loved once upon a time or he could go back home to the woman who had made his music — and his life —so much more than it had been. But it had to be now; he knew that if he waited nothing would change and he would fall back into the recent monotony of life. He had made the decision to move to New York almost overnight so why should this be any different? Falling slowly Eyes that know me And I can't go back But what if she had worked things out with Ivanka's father? What if she was angry at him for chasing his girl to America in the first place? What if she simply wasn't interested in him anymore? He didn't care. He wanted — needed — to hear her voice, see her smile, watch her play, listen to her sing… Moods that take me And erase me And I'm painted black He jumped from the couch, scrambling to find a piece of paper and a pen. He wasn't even sure he could afford the ticket back to Ireland, but it didn't seem to matter now. A hastily scrawled letter left on her pillow, trying to explain to her what he couldn't even describe to himself. Throwing things into the suitcase he had brought; there wasn't much to take... You have suffered enough At war with yourself It's time that you won One last look around the tiny apartment. It had been an adventure, but there was nothing left for him now. His girlfriend was happy here in a way that he wasn't. He cared for her still, but knew that he no longer loved her, though he did once. Maybe she felt the same. Maybe not. It didn't matter... Take this sinking boat and point it home We've still got time Raise your hopeful voice you have a choice You've made it now Flying. Landing. Ireland. Dublin. Apartment building. Knocking. Shouting in Czech. Little-girl footsteps. Door opening. Shouting. More footsteps. Guitar out. Strumming. Shock. Singing by himself. Silence. Panic. Singing. Relief. Singing together… Falling slowly Sing your melody We'll sing it now They faded into silence and stared at each other for a moment, neither knowing quite what to say. \"You came back.\" \"Yeah. I did.\" \"Your girl—?\" \"No. Your husband—?\" \"No.\" \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't be.\" \"Well, I am.\" \"Okay.\" \"Okay.\" A pause. \"Would you like to come in?\" A nod. A smile. ","Summary":" He had moved to New York to pursue a music career he had nearly given up on and a woman who had lef"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"On The Wings of Love - Leah and Clark","Author":"lisafareweather","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11746272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I had just gotten of work, and was on my way out of the office. It had been such a long day, and the only thing that was keeping me sane was the thought of my husband. I made my way outside of the office in hopes of wrapping my arms around Clark, when suddenly, I felt my phone vibrate in my front pocket. I pulled it out as my phone read New Text From Hubby 3. Quickly unlocking my phone, I pulled up his text message and read it I'm sorry, I can't come pick you up today wifey. I got held back at the shop today. Are you okay taking the bus home alone? I felt my face drop at the sudden realization that I wouldn't be seeing Clark today, and texted him back saying it was fine, and told him not to worry. I mean, I did really want to see him today, but I don't want him to think that I was one of those needy girls who needs to see their man every second of the day. I'm not that girl, and I've never been that girl. But with Clark, it was different. I needed to see him almost everyday for my day to brighten up, otherwise I would have such a crappy day. I hopped on the bus and started wondering on whether or not I should visit Clark before going home, but what if he's extremely busy and doesn't have any time to talk? That shouldn't matter, right? Because all I want to do is see him! Even if that means I'm going to be watching him work for an hour or two. Or should I just go home? Wake up early before work tomorrow, visit him at the shop then go to work? Before I realized it, I was standing in front of Clark's shop. I guess my body had a mind of it's own! I walked inside the shop and realized that everyone had already gone home, but there was a little light shining from upstairs. I followed the light to see Clark heavily concentrated on some of the furniture he was building for The Sun and Moon Cafe. The one thing I loved about Clark was how invested he was in his work, and how when he started something, he had to finish it. \"Hey hubby!\" I said quietly, as I reached the top step. In one swift movement, Clark looked up in confusion and shock as he said \"Leah! What are you doing here?\" \"I wanted to see you!\" I said, as he got up off the floor. \"I missed you\" \"I'm so sorry I didn't come pick you up today, baby. I lost track of time\" He said, as he started walking towards me. \"Don't worry about it! All I wanted was to see you, and I got my wish!\" The second I said that, Clark's face lightened up and he did his full on boy-ish smile - the smile that I love so much! \"I'm so happy that you're here, wifey\" Clark said, as he momentarily placed his lips against mine \"Don't you have to get back to work? I can sit here for a bit and watch you work?\" Turning around to look at the progress he made with his furniture, he responded by saying \"No, it's okay. I think it's time for a break anyways\" He smiled again and closed the space between our lips as he kissed me again. At first, the kiss started off as something innocent, then a few seconds later, his tongue was against my lips, waiting for me to give her permission to enter my mouth. With a little smile, I let him in, and our tongues started moving together in sync, as if they were dancing together in one beat. His hand moved up to my hair and he pulled on the rubber band, making my hair fall down the length of my shoulders, and his hands started moving down towards my hips. My hands stayed caressing his face as I slowly walked him back towards the couch. He sat down as I wrapped my legs on either side of his and sat down on his lap. Before any of us could think, Clark pulled away, slowly caressing my face as he said \"Is this okay? We don't have to do anything.\" \"This is fine, I just want to kiss you for a little bit\" I said, as I closed the space between us again. His lips moved from mine to the length of my jaw, down to my neck as he gave me light butterfly kisses every step of the way. I felt my breathing get harder as his lips started sucking on the nape of my neck, at which point I let a small moan escape my mouth. When it did, I felt Clark smile against my skin. Him and I have never gotten this far before. Although technically, we are legally married, Clark knew I wanted to wait until I got married at the church before we actually did something, so this was a shock to the both of us. His lips met mine again, as he gently laid me down on my back as he cradled above me. My hands moved from his face to his chest, as I slowly touched him over his shirt. I don't know what came over me because instead of wanting my hands on his shirt, I pulled his shirt over his head so that he was shirtless. I just wanted my hands to be on his bare skin. I made a trail of kisses down his chest, and right as my lips got down to his waist, I heard him moan my name in such a husky way, I felt myself getting wet. My lips met his again, and within seconds, I could feel his erection against my belly button. I have never felt this before. This was something new to me, and I didn't know if I should stop or continue. As if he could sense what I was saying, his lips parted away from mine, as he said \"Leah, we should stop\" I pulled him down against my lips again. Despite the fact that Clark was right, I didn't want to stop. I loved the way this felt, and I was curious to see how this played out. I knew Clark was trying his hardest to stop every nerve in his body from ripping my clothes off, cause every time his hand reached the hem of my shirt, he found a way to move it away from there. Without thinking, I grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head and threw it on the ground. The second Clark realized my shirt was off, he pulled away from me to look at my bare chest as I wore nothing but a bra. He looked at me hungrily, as I felt his erection harden a little bit more. The way he was looking at me made me a little more wet, and at that moment I knew that all I wanted was him. I stared up at him, as he said \"You're beautiful. How did I get this lucky?\" His hands moved from my thigh to my stomach as he felt the transition from fabric to bare skin. It was something I've never felt before, and his lips clashed into mine in one quick movement. Before I could say anything or even think, I felt my hand moving from his bare chest, down to his waist, as I felt his erection over his jeans. He let out a soft moan, as he said \"God, Leah. I don't know how much longer I can control this. I need to be in you\" as his lips touched mine one more time, and all I could hear were the sounds of us struggling to catch our breath and us moaning, as we tried so frantically to touch every part of one another. Before I knew it, Clark was unbuttoning the button of my jeans, and all I could think was I want this. I want him to be inside me, when all of a sudden, I hear somebody saying \"Clarky boy!\" Clark and I looked at each other in shock, as he said \"Shit! Tita Jack\" and in one quick movement, he hopped off of me, grabbed both mine and his shirt off the floor, and we both got dressed as quickly as possible. He moved quickly towards the furniture that he was working on before I came in, and I sat down on the couch as if nothing just happened. We heard Tita Jack coming up the stairs, as she said \"Clark! Are you up here?\" ","Summary":" I had just gotten of work, and was on my way out of the office. It had been such a long day, and th"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Saved by One Direction","Author":"EmzCMC","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11148795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Piper was looking around her room, wondering how she ended up in this mess. Her father would come home drunk every day, beat her and blame her for his bad job and her mum leaving. She loved going to see her mum and always felt safe, but was too scared to leave her father's place. Until tonight. Her father, Mike, came home drunk again tonight. He had been out with friends and been drinking. He had been gone for hours, which gave Piper the time to pack her belongings into her car. She was taking all her stuff, which was a fair bit, with her, but it all fit in the Ford F250 her mum bought for her. She pretended to be asleep when Mike came home, but her father didn't care. He burst through her bedroom door and started screaming obscenities at her, before dragging her by her hair downstairs. He started to beat her, and this time was the worst it had ever been before. She thought she was going to die. She was fighting her father with everything she could throw at him, but he was overpowering her. She found a way to get out and took the chance. She ran as fast as she could to the front door, but her father grabbed her from behind. He beat Piper with his fists, but just as she was about to give up fighting him, something extraordinary happened. Five boys saved her life. One boy had wings, as pure as a child's soul, another had red eyes and fangs, the third had black eyes and a darkness around him, the fourth had a golden sword and was floating on air and the fifth had just transformed into a wolf. Piper saw all of this before she blacked out. The boys knocked Mike out, and all turned to look at Piper, only to find she was unconscious. The boy with wings picked Piper up saying, \"Guys, I'll meet you at the house. One of you take piper's car. Be there soon\" and with that he was off. Back at the house, the angel laid Piper on the couch and placed a blanket over her. He was worried, but just glad she was safe. When the other boy's finally came home, Piper started to stir. All the boys were watching her, in worry and relief. Piper opened her eyes. She surveyed the room and looked at each of the boys, just grateful she was alive. As she remembered what had happened, she looked at each boy fearfully. She was scared and had no idea what had happened to her father or how she got here. She looked at all the boys and asked them, shakily, \"What are your names, and what are you guys?\" The angel answered first. He said \"My name is Niall and I am an angel\". Next was the vampire, who said, \"I am Louis, and I am a vampire.\" \"I am Harry and I am a demon\" said the boy who had the black eyes. \"My name's Liam. I am a demigod\" said the one with the sword. The last one said. \"Zayn. I'm a shapeshifter\". ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Piper was looking around her room, wondering how she ended up in this mess. Her father wo"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Him and Her","Author":"a0r123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9464067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know that he will go off to find his ex-girlfriend and when he sees her and actually is with her again that he realizes that she isn't what he wants anymore. I know she will divorce her husband because she'll realize he was never good for her to begin with. I know that he'll get a call from a record company in Europe and they will say that they love his music and want him to record it professionally and tour and on one of his tours he will go back to Dublin and find her there. I know that when he sees her in the crowd he will fall head over heels in love with her and she with him and they will talk every day and they will make new music and new memories. He'll buy a flat with the money he earns from his albums selling and the gigs he takes all around Dublin and London and every so often other European venues. She'll live with him. At first, she won't be used to all the space. There will be a room for Ivanka and another for her mother and there will be a room for them as well. So after a long day at work and after a long day away from him because he is working on recording his new album, they can fall asleep together in the biggest bed she's ever had and they'll waste all the extra space and entwine together in the middle of the bed so close she can feel his heart beating. Mornings will be her favorite part of the day. He'll wake before she does and slip out of bed but his feet won't hit the floor until he places the softest kiss on her temple. That's when she'll feel him leave and make himself decent before stumbling into the kitchen to address breakfast. When she can smell the food and hear the kettle whistle on the stove she'll push away the warm sheets and stretch. Then she'll go next door to wake Ivanka. They'll all sit together for breakfast. He only knows how to make burnt toast and tea so Matka, her mother, will make the rest of breakfast and they'll all enjoy it. Once Ivanka is comfortable in the living room with a few toys and her grandmother, she has to go to work. He'll walk her to the end of the hall, then to the bottom of the stairs and finally to the front door of their building. It is there he'll take her around the waist and tug lightly on the fabric of her clothes and kiss her on the mouth. He'll kiss her like he wants to kiss her forever but he has to pull away and let her out the door. She'll laugh and always turn back to look at him on the stoop- their stoop- before turning the corner to start her day. ","Summary":" I know that he will go off to find his ex-girlfriend and when he sees her and actually is with her "},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Many Hundred Miles","Author":"Abbey Snape","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8689944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Travelling north, travelling north to find you Train wheels beating, the wind in my eyes Don't even know what I'll find when I get to you Call out your name love, don't be surprised It's so many miles and so long since I've left you Don't even know what I'll find when I get to you But suddenly now, I know where I belong It's many hundred miles and it won't be long Nothing at all, in my head, to say to you Only the beat of the train I'm on Nothing I've learned all my life on the way to you One day our love was over and gone It's so many miles and so long since I've met you Don't even know what I'll say when I get to you But suddenly now, I know where I belong It's many hundred miles and it won't be long What will I do if there's someone there with you Maybe someone you've always known How do I know I can come and give to you Love with no warning and find you alone It's so many miles and so long since I've met you Don't even know what I'll find when I get to you But suddenly now, I know where I belong It's many hundred miles and it won't be long It won't be long It won't be long It won't be long / The girl stepped into the chill, breathless, frozen, hardly feeling the people push by her to get on and off the train. Her left hand lifted of its own accord, as if trying her to show the ring on her finger. She fixed her eyes on it for a moment, then pulled it off, shoving it into a deep pocket. Her song was her soundtrack and she mouthed the words to herself as she walked, ignoring the gazes from passersby. She hardly knew where she was going until she got there-a small record store, packed with endless boxes of vinyl. A bell chimed and the man at the desk greeted her without looking up. She paused, her heart pounding against her ribs. \"Are you really here or am I dreaming?\" His head snapped up, jaw slack in shock. \"I can't tell dreams from truth...\" \"I love you.\" The words tumbled from her mouth, in English this time. \"Miluju tebe,\" he murmured back, the Czech words uttered through his thick brogue. She felt the words hit her, eyes welling with tears, mouth turned down with shock. \"It took me a long time to find that,\" he said, voice soft and warm. She nodded, her expression still the same; for once, she could not express her emotions properly. \"What about your husband?\" Her eyes darted to the side and back. \"What about your fiancee?\" Neither offered a response; instead, they silently closed the gap separating them. His arms around her, her hands on his chest. He hesitantly tipped his down, eyes questioning. She pushed up onto her toes and pressed her lips to his in one motion, the world around them falling away. ","Summary":" Travelling north, travelling north to find you Train wheels beating, the wind in my eyes Don't even"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Is Good","Author":"Mary in the Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8249628","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Once . But this moment from the Broadway musical will always stay with me. She doesn't come. He should have seen this coming, but it feels strange anyway, like his \"little boy's room\" is empty without her energetic, yet Czech-serious presence. He thinks, she's married. He thinks, she has her daughter and her ma t' think about. He thinks, I'll miss her anyway. So he sits in his room that doesn't feel right, and talks to his da. He plays him his music. Their music. Unnoticed and out of the light, she sits on the bar, listening. His da asks, \"How's yer heart?\" He thinks for a moment. (Of her.) Of how his life was \"stopped.\" And how, with five days, a Hoover vac, and a piano, she un-stopped it. He is thinking, she hopes, of something good. Something not-so-sad. She leans in, farther and farther until she nearly falls onto the floor. \"Traveling,\" he says. His heart is traveling. She smiles, nods, leans back happily. Is good , she thinks. They will be fine. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Once . But this moment from the Broadway musical will always stay with me."},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Mourning for the Unspeakable","Author":"Ryuko Ishida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5393478","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mourning for the Unspeakable Ryuko Ishida Summary: It's out of her control (she may as well not have any where he's concerned) – the thoughts of him… Disclaimer: I don't own the movie, only the plot bunny. A/N: I want to rewatch the movie again, but school steals away my time. Damn school. *** It's times like these when she misses him the most. The small apartment complex is eerily quiet for a Monday afternoon as she places her keys on the coffee table, sheds her bulky winter coat on the back of a chair, and wanders her way to the second-hand upright piano that she has purchased a few months ago – right after he has left for London, in fact. 'Five months,' she reminds herself almost unconsciously, caressing the black and white keys with her nimble fingers in an almost loving, delicate manner. She knows, at this moment, that her mother is getting groceries in a nearby shop, her husband is working at the construction site a few blocks away, and her Ivancha is still at school. It's almost unreal – this grave-like silence, as if the air itself is mourning for the unspeakable, heavy feeling within her lithe body. She presses the white ivory a bit harder, and an echoing B note bells out from the instrument. Tentatively, she places both hands on the long stage and they dance, having a mind (memories from songs they have played together seemingly so long ago) of their own. It's out of her control (she may as well not have any where he's concerned) – the thoughts of him: his low, husky but passionate voice singing so sorrowfully, his cynical smirks, the casual yet intense flair he holds when he's plucking and strumming his beloved guitar. Everything about him rushes to her head now whenever she's playing the piano. These days, her head seems to be playing tricks with her as well, since the letters that have been locked up so safely in her desk drawer are singing for her attention more powerfully than ever. It's annoying… frustrating… weakening… Defeated. And she admits (even if it's only to herself and no one else): she misses him. ","Summary":" Mourning for the Unspeakable Ryuko Ishida Summary: It's out of her control (she may as well not hav"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Wonder","Author":"Ryuko Ishida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5306448","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wonder Written by Ryuko Ishida Summary: He looked at her – the girl he thought he had loved, had lost, and then regained, only to realize that she was not the one at all. Short drabble. Glen/Marketa (or Guy/Girl, since the film didn't give their characters any names) A/N : I still find it strange (but cool) that Glen and Marketa's characters in the film didn't have actual names. On imdb, they're merely referred to as 'Guy' and 'Girl'. It's quite amusing. Anyway, I just watched this movie a few days ago, and I fell in love with it! So I decided to look up some fanfictions, but unfortunately found none. So here I am, contributing some. Hopefully, they're not too shabby. --- He looked into her eyes – the girlfriend he remembered singing so bitterly about just a few months ago to a total stranger – and that familiar shade of chocolate brown reminded him of someone else. But her eyes (he let a small smile unconsciously tucked the corner of his lips as slivers of memories drifted past his mind) had a spark of amber whenever she let her fingers dance across the keyboard freely. He realized (perhaps too late) that he was the happiest, most carefree, when he was with her; it didn't matter whether it was making music lazily in his bedroom, or looking out at the grey waves crashing against the rocky cliffs with harmonious silence. It was her all along. He looked at her – the girl he thought he had loved, had lost, and then regained, only to realize that she was not the one at all. He wondered what she was doing now, if her husband had returned to take care of her and Ivancha, if she still played a random piano at the music store where they first sang together, if she still thought about him, read the letters he had sent but never been replied to, listened to the CD… He had to wonder. ","Summary":" Wonder Written by Ryuko Ishida Summary: He looked at her – the girl he thought he had loved, had lo"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Once upon a street","Author":"GalaMD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4176462","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Creo que a estas alturas necesita poca aclaración… pero sabiendo que Glen Hansard y Markéta Irglová han sido los musos para estos drabbles, como lo fueran para John Carney en este pseudo-biopic (xD), pues la verdad es que todos ellos merecen credit. … Vayan a ver la peli si no lo han hecho ya! XD Y no, tampoco saco beneficios de recomendarla :P Rating: K Pairings : Guy/Girl (no sé si en momentos como éste realmente me gusta tanto o más bien me frustra el hecho de que no bauticen a los personajes explícitamente en ciertas pelis. Disculpen los múltiples y ambiguos \"él\" y \"ella\", pues; espero que no dificulten la lectura) Género: Drama. POVs. Spoilers: Continúa donde la película lo dejó. Dedicatoria: A Lau, por regalarme todo y un siempre que es el colchón de seguridad de mi vida absorbida por esta asquerosa rutina académica y monacal que llevo (xD soy masoquista…en el fondo lo hago por gusto). A Sara, por darme un pasaje en primera clase en su particular nave del misterio, por contagiarme la curiosidad y el amor por esta película, y sus relatos de Irlanda. A Housean aka Ana, por las fotografías inspiradoras, las conversaciones y los relatos de viajes épicos, y sus saludos inesperados que sientan como un achuchón en el momento más duro. A la gente de , que nunca me ha abandonado ;) A mis Whovianas favoritas (Penny Lane: olé tus recs musicales!, Miss Whoever, Polare, slayerrr , HekaGranger, Rose Tyler, Lobezna, Polare, Pili Halliwell…) porque está siendo un auténtico placer conocerlas a todas, y es una fortuna contar con gente tan loca como yo en este fandom-huérfano en nuestro país :P Bah, y a todo el que lea, especialmente si luego deja review xD. Oh, y a mi profesor de Inmuno, por dejarnos empezar un poco más tarde hoy las prácticas y dejarme una hora libre para estudiar cof terminar mentalmente este fic :P Once Upon a Street So he said Where d'you think your going with that look upon you face Nowhere for you She said I'm going nowhere would you like to come too Yeah She said I'm going nowhere He said I would love to come with you ( Once upon a street – Jack Savoretti) 1 You must've fallen from the sky You must've come here in the pourin' rain You took so many through the light And now you're on your own Al reconocer la canción, su universo dio un vuelco. Paró como un resorte el escandaloso aparato, el polvo y la suciedad relegados al olvido. Tropezó con cables y hasta con su propia sombra en la carrera hasta la mesita donde había dejado la vieja y destartalada radio. La había pedido prestada a sus vecinos tras con la urgencia de una criatura hambrienta al poco tiempo de que el single comenzara a escalar puestos en las listas de todo Reino Unido. Conocía aquella canción de memoria, podía haberla interpretado en su piano incluso dormida y hubiera sido capaz de cantarla como él se la enseñó, con el corazón en los labios. Pero escuchar el milagro por sí misma y no en el malparado discman para el que siempre mantenía un stock de pilas en el cajón de la cocina, no tenía precio. Los dedos agitados apenas atinaron a encontrar el regulador de volumen para subirlo. El arrullo la llenaba de nostalgia. La tonadilla, desde luego, no era la mejor de sus composiciones, pero sí lo suficientemente pegadiza para ir abriendo boca como carta de presentación. A pesar de la estática, su voz – con el acento extranjero al que había terminado acostumbrándose hasta hacerlo tan familiar y tan suyo como el de su tierra natal –, se deslizaba como la brisa del mar a través de los altavoces del cacharro y jugaba traviesa con sus recuerdos. Invitándola como a todos los que estuvieran escuchándola en aquel mismo instante a subir al carrusel del sueño cumplido. Momentáneamente, se permitió olvidar cuánto le añoraba, dejar de lado la punzada infantil de egoísmo que resentía su éxito, y abrazó su felicidad. Porque tras tanto luchar y con su talento, lo merecía. Más que los estúpidos anhelos de una sombra de muchacha que había susurrado versos a coro. Sacudió la cabeza de lado a lado, censurándose el lapsus, y a continuación sonrió. Un alzamiento apenas imperceptible de la comisura de los labios que se fue ensanchando a medida que tarareaba el estribillo. Orgullosa. Se consideraba afortunada de haberle conocido en una fría noche dublinesa, escudándose con excusas de aspiradoras y corazones rotos. 2 And I know that you can't do it all But you can't say your not trying Regresó por Navidad, unos cuantos meses después de marcharse a Londres a probar fortuna. Y lo hizo con un contrato discográfico bajo el brazo como regalo y subido en una nube de plenitud y la ilusión de un chiquillo por compartir las buenas nuevas con ella. No la encontró en casa. Fue su primera parada nada más aterrizar el avión, incluso antes de haber estrechado a su viejo padre y entregarle la copia del contrato para que la enmarcara y la colgara en el taller (aunque pensaba hacerlo por todos los años que había censurado aquel \"hobby\" sin futuro, pese al rechistar de su madre cuando vivía). La buena señora le inspeccionaba curiosa, entendiendo a medias la explicación en el inglés más pausado que pudo vocalizar, y excusó que su hija no estuviera allí para alegrarse también – siempre trabajando, trabajando mucho por Ivanka . Pero la sonrisa de él era contagiosa y su entusiasmo no conocía límites. Prometió regresar pronto, en otro momento, por la tarde, cuando ella estuviera. Un día, y al siguiente, y al tercero, volvió al modesto barrio. Sólo dulces disculpas en checo y ojos entornados, mientras la esperaba, guitarra en mano o con los brazos ocupados por el cuerpecito dormido de la preciosa niña y el eco de la última canción en los oídos. Al quinto día, la sonrisa en su rostro se tensó y achicó, ya que a la mañana siguiente tomaba otro avión hacia el que debía convertirse ahora en su nuevo hogar. ¿Podría dejarle una nota…una…una carta?, preguntó, tanteando el terreno con timbre agonizante. La mujer ladeó la cabeza, admirada por su perseverancia. No hubiera podido negar nada a aquel hombre que había tratado tan bien a sus dos pequeñas y asintió con vehemencia, dándole la bendición. Por supuesto, ella regresó. Soltó las rosas marchitas en el florero sobre el piano, arropó a su hija y rehuyó la desaprobación en la mirada de su madre. Sin siquiera quitarse el abrigo y aún con el frío húmedo de Dublín calándole los huesos se sentó en la silla frente a su altar personal. No pensaba tocar nada con su hija dormida, pero al levantar la cabeza de la tapa de madera que cubría el teclado vio un desorden ordenado entre las partituras de las canciones con que había llenado su mente y corazón para no pensar en la distancia, la ausencia y la soledad. Notas musicales garabateadas con trazo caótico sobre el pentagrama. Tú. Yo. Nosotros. Música. Nuestra. Ven. Volveré. Una melodía improvisada sobre una composición que había comenzado hacía algunas semanas pero que había dejado inconclusa para siempre. Reescrita por él para versar de promesas y hablar de añoranza. El recuerdo de su voz la cosquilleó en el centro del pecho, susurraban palabras de aliento. Más notas en otras partituras, caritas como dibujadas por su propia hija que la sonreían de oreja a oreja desde los márgenes o pulgares arriba en algunas esquinas. Melodías que elogiaba habiéndolas escuchado tan sólo en su cabeza e ideas entre líneas para inspirarla la arroparon más que cualquier abrazo físico. Maldijo su estúpido miedo, a sí misma por ser tan rematadamente estúpida e inmadura. Entonces quiso haber estado allí para darle las gracias personalmente. Por el piano, por su inagotable paciencia con ella. Por no dejar de esperarla. Sintió esfumarse de nuevo su oportunidad sin poder hacer nada por aferrarse a ella, atesorarla. El único beso que recibieron fue el de la noche. 3 Where are you now, angel now Don't you see me crying La voz de la chica – que puntuaba la melodía con un pulcro acento inglés - se ceñía a la de él como una mano fina, elegante y bien manicurada a un guante hecho a medida. Si no hubiera sido por la acidez que corroía sus cuerdas vocales con cada espiración, habría bendecido al agente, al publicista o a la maldita productora que había unido ambas partes en tan fructífera colaboración. Era imposible no ser arrastrado al mar de sentimiento encerrado en aquel dueto perfecto. Debías tener el corazón de piedra para no conmoverte con la letra o la interpretación, intensa y ensayadamente desgarrada de la muchacha (había olvidado por completo su afamado nombre). Había dejado los dedos muertos sobre el teclado de su propio instrumento al percatarse de quién era el invitado de aquella noche en el programa que solía ver su madre, a pesar de lo poco que entendía aún del idioma. Las lágrimas rebosaron solas y repiqueteaban silenciosamente tecla a tecla sin llamar la atención de los presentes, que observaban extasiados la pantalla o aplaudían entusiasmados. Ella permanecía con la mirada fija en los ojos de él, que esquivaban la cámara y se cerraban, frunciendo el ceño. Perdidos en su propia melancolía igual que ella se perdía en las caricias rasgadas que sus dedos profesaban a la guitarra, la misma que les había acompañado en aquella odisea. Reunidos junto al micrófono al finalizar la canción, la joven morena de la voz angelical le sonrió dulcemente. El presentador les elogió a los dos y el público vitoreó entusiasmado que quería un bis . Él asintió con la cabeza, azorado, pero al elevar la vista supo reconocer que la emoción que empañaba sus ojos no era sólo de gratitud. Que le dedicara a Ella aquella como su canción quizás no hubiera hecho falta para confirmárselo. 4 Hear the sirens call me home Londres… París…Berlín…Roma…Barcelona… salto a través del atlántico. Y Nueva York. Boston. Chicago. San Francisco. Las Vegas. Miami Una montaña rusa, un sin parar, flashes de rostros, ovaciones y manos estrechadas en apariciones de televisión frente a miles de personas. Ídolos que se acercan a felicitarle por su trabajo. Famosos que musitan su nombre y sonríen, creyendo conocerle. Mujeres hermosas que intentan seducirle con curvas, quizás por costumbre, quizás por contrato (duda que el pelo rojo haga juego con ninguno de sus complementos). Echa de menos su casa. El frío, el verde, la lluvia impertérrita, el rumor del mar como el eco de su risa o la brisa salina azotándole los labios mientras manos pequeñas pero firmes se aferran a su cintura, mientras intentan vencer la fuerza del viento a cien por hora. Pero está disfrutando, de verdad que lo hace. Necesita pensar que lo hace y que ella no esperaría o querría otra cosa. Esa gira es su sueño hecho realidad. Solo hay momentos…a solas en un camerino…en su lujosa habitación de hotel con cartas mentalmente a medio escribir…cuando las notas de un piano tildan su dolor sobre el escenario, que lo echa todo demasiado de menos. 5 Take this sinking boat and point it home We've still got time Su gira mundial culmina en Dublín y todo apuntaba a que, siendo la cuna del artista revelación, sería un espectáculo dorado. Y no sólo por la cantidad de euros que la zona iba a ganar con la conglomeración de gente que había atraído el evento desde todo el territorio nacional e incluso del extranjero. Nada de café intimista en un rincón, sino a lo grande, como los grandes consagrados. Jamás hubiera podido pagar la entrada con su sueldo y tenía a alguien a su cargo que requería ese dinero para vestirse e ir al cole con una caja de ceras multicolor, algo mucho más importante que cualquier sueño a medias. Así que se sienta con el discman a la puerta del auditorio, cuando todas sus fans han entrado a llorar con sus canciones y tararearlas hasta ahogar su voz. Jóvenes (chicas y bastantes chicos, se sorprende gratamente por ello), se agolpan en la entrada trasera del auditorio, agitando nerviosamente sus copias del álbum con la esperanza de recibir tan deseado autógrafo de su estrella favorita. Cuchichean y lanzan grititos emocionados que acaban estallando en un clamor ensordecedor cuando las puertas se abren. La realidad pesa como un plomo en la boca de su estómago vacío (no ha podido probar bocado). No soportaría verle de refilón a la salida y, de todas formas, el hielo que se atasca en sus venas la obliga a ponerse en movimiento. Decide marcharse a casa. Demasiado público. Estará bien acompañado. Será bien recibido por toda esa gente que le apoya. Que le quire. E Ivanka la necesita, se convence, aunque sabe que su madre se ha ocupado de que dijera sus oraciones y se acostara a su hora habitual, al arrullo del checo que, sabían, acabaría perdiendo. No es hasta girar la esquina de su calle, con el corazón en la garganta y lágrimas agrias grabando surcos en sus mejillas, cuando lo escucha por encima de la voz a través del auricular. Los acordes de la misma vieja guitarra, la testigo no tan muda de aquellas semanas juntos, la arropan. Se vuelve lentamente. Lleva la guitarra colgada al hombro en la pose desenfadada de siempre, pero se ha afeitado y el traje italiano que luce, nada que ver con aquel primero que compraron con un minicrédito en la tienda de segunda mano (demasiado tosco, demasiado gastado, mangas largas y talle ensanchado), le da cierta apariencia de inaccesibilidad que la asusta. Demasiado elegante. Demasiado bueno. Pero es él el que se acerca definitivamente, paralizada como está en el sitio. La contempla como si fuera una aparición, con ojos divertidos, brillantes, que danzan en el reducido espacio entre ellos. La luz de las farolas (la noche es negra, apenas estrellas y luna creciente para iluminarles con su foco) se derrama sobre ellos y prende un fuego cálido, anaranjado, en sus rizos rojos, más largos y revueltos de los que recordaba de la televisión. Con cuidado, le quita el auricular de los oídos, y lo deja caer casualmente, como el dedo con que traza el camino de sus lágrimas hasta la comisura de sus labios. Y es como volver a empezar , piensan ambos en medio de la revelación que es el Beso. Como caer . Lenta e irremediablemente. En su canción. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Creo que a estas alturas necesita poca aclaración… pero sabiendo que Glen Hansard y Mar"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Love in New York","Author":"JkLvratSbWy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1757360","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holly woke up late, as usual. Cat had to knead his paws into her back forn5 minutes before she got up. \"Go away, Cat,\" Holly groaned, but he kept at it. Suddenly Holly remembered something important. She was supposed tongo shopping with Louise today! She jumped out of bed and ran to her bathroom. She franticallynstarted getting herself together. She brushed her teeth, picked out andress, did her make-up and ran out the door. The reason that shopping with Louise was so important, was the simplenfact that Louise's brother, Henry White, was extremely rich. Holly hopednthat if she got friendly with Louise, she might introduce her to hernhandsome, rich brother. Henry White made his money through oil. He happened to own one ofnthe most successful patches of land in America. Holly was frantic fornmoney, because she needed to save up for her brother Fred's homecoming fromnthe Army. Holly hailed a cab, and three screeched to a halt and honked at hernfor her attention. See what a pain it is, being so beautiful? Holly chose the cab closest to her (lucky guy) and climbed in. \"Barney's and step on it darling.\" \"Of coarse, Miss,\" the driver replied. Louise White was waiting for Holly at the front doors when the cabnpulled to a stop on Fifth Avenue. She paid the driver and rushed up to thendoor. \"Sorry I'm late, darling. I overslept again,\" Holly informed Louise. \"Again? Dear, you need to get yourself an alarm clock.\" \"Yes, I know. But I simply can't seem to set aside enough cash tonbuy one. There are too many other things I always need.\" \"I wish I could understand what you're going through, but Harold hasnnever given me a reason to count my dollars.\" \"I just bet,\" Holly thought, annoyed. The two ladies were at the elevator now. They got in and rode up tonthe women's section. The soft music in the background was relaxing, andnsoon Holly and Louise were both enjoying each other's company. Criticizingnclothes and shoes, occasionally trying things on, it was heaven to Holly.nIt was exactly what she needed right then. Holly ended up buying another dress by Christian Dior, (he's hernfavorite) and a pair of shoe to go with. After she paid for her things, she and Louise headed for the mainndoor. But before she made it there, a tall man with dark brown hairncrossed her path. He wasn't watching, and ran right into her. Hollyndropped her bag and her new shoes spilled out. The man stopped and turnednaround. He stooped down to help her pick op her shoes, apologizing profusely.n When everything was together, they looked up at each other. Their eyes licked, an Holly forgot where she was. His eyes were thendeepest moss green she had ever seen. \"It's no trouble, really,\" Holly stammered. He seemed equally in awe, and they both stood up, their eyes stillnlocked on each other. The incredible handsome man held out his hand. \"My name's Rick, RicknHayes.\" \"Holly Golightly.\" Holly took his hand. It seemed to Holly that his fingers stayed with hers a few momentsntoo long, but it wasn't really bothering her. \"Can I get you two ladies a cab?\" Rick asked. \"Two ladies?\" Holly thought. \"Oh, I forgot about Louise.\" \"That would be wonderful,\" Louise said, breaking off Holly's thoughtsnof regret that she wasn't here by herself. \"Yes, it would,\" Holly said. Rick led them out to the street and whistled with his fingers. Hollynsmiled to herself. A cab pulled up in front of them and Louise climbed in. When she wasnseated, she spoke up to Holly. \"Come on Holly. Let's go back to Henry'snhouse for tea. Then you can meet him.\" Now this, Holly could not resist. \"Of coarse, dear.\" She turned tonRick. \"Thank you for your help. I really am grateful.\" Holly had climbed into the cab when Rick touched her arm. \"Please,ncan I see you again?\" Holly grinned up at him slyly. \"If you can find me.\" She shut thendoor of the cab and it drove off, leaving Rick staring after it.[Chapter 2] As the cab drove up to Henry's apartment, Holly had to stifle a gasp. They were still on Fifth Avenue, just down the street from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Henry's penthouse apartment occupied the entire top floor of the building they pulled up to. Holly and Louise got out of the cab and the doorman opened up the door, smiling at Louise. \"Good day, Ms. White.\" He nodded respectfully at Holly. \"Ma'am.\" Louise walked past the doorman, pretending he wasn't there. Holly however, paused as she walked through the door. \"Thank you.\" She then followed Louise, but made no effort to catch up with her. At the elevator, Louise had pushed the button when Holly got there. \"So, who was that man you were talking to at Barney's?\" \"I don't really know,\" Holly said. \"But his name is Rick umm...something that starts with an 'H'.\" \"Well, I think that you should be concentrating on other things, if you know what I mean, dear.\" \"Of course.\" The bell hop opened the doors into a magnificent apartment. It was done in deep reds and chocolate browns, with thick cream carpets covering the floor. Polished wood furniture was everywhere, and Holly could just see an extravagent chandelier in the dining room around the corner. Suddenly, Henry came around a corner. He stopped at the sight of Holly and Louise. It took Louise a few seconds to shoot off her ever running mouth. \"Henry!\" she squealed in an extremely annoying, high pitched voice. \"How are you?\" She rushed over to him, snatched his head in her hands, and kissed both his cheeks. When she backed off, Henry answered, \"Fine, fine. How are you?\" \"Wonderful, dear.\" \"And who's your friend?\" \"Henry, this is Holly Golightly. Holly, this is Henry, my brother.\" \"Pleased to meet you Holly.\" \"The pleasure's mine. I've been looking forward to meeting you.\" \"I'm sure that if Louise had informed me you would be coming, I would have looked forward to it also.\" \"If I'm intruding or something...\" \"Of course you're not, dear!\" Louise chimed in. Henry's delighted to have you here. Right dear?\" \"Naturally you're welcome to stay.\" \"Well, thank you.\" \"Now then,\" Louise decided. \"Let's get Helga to cook us something delicious.\" Louise was clearly, very comfortable in her brother's home. She walked into the kitchen to prompt Helga for some lunch. After Louise left, Henry was the first to break the silence. \"So, Holly, what do you think of the place?\" \"Oh, I think it's marvelous!\" she gushed, keeping in mind the price of the apartment. \"Good. I like hearing that. So, how long have you lived in the city?\" \"Nearly a year now. I got bored with my old place, and decided that New York was where the action was.\" \"Well, it's definitely interesting here.\" Holly needed to steer the conversation towards a more...personal topic. She lowered her voice, trying to sound more flirtatious. \"How long have you lived here?\" \"About five years now.\" \"This house looks like it's fantastic for parties. Do you have many?\" \"Oh yes, all the time. Actually, I'm having one this Friday night. Would you like to come?\" Holly silently congratulated herself. \"That sounds like fun. Of course I'll come.\" \"Bring a friend too. There might not be too many people you know there.\" \"Well, there's always you,\" Holly said, trying to sound flirtatious again. \"There sure is,\" Henry said. He was still looking at her when Louise walked back into the room.[Chapter 3] \"Did you two find something nice to talk about?\" Louise asked. Holly sat silently on the couch, slightly embarrassed. \"Naturally, Louise. We talked about the apartment. Holly loves it.\" \"Well that's nice. Holly, we should come here more often.\" \"We should. I like it here.\" \"Fantastic. We'll have to invite you to a party sometime.\" Louise decided. Holly stayed silent, waiting for Henry to say something. When he didn't, Holly started to wonder how he really felt about her. Maybe he was embarrassed to be seen with her. But then, why would he invite her to his party if that was the case? Finally, Louise spoke up. \"I take it that you don't want Holly coming to your parties. That's okay. It's not like she needs to come.\" Holly felt a wave of rage sweep through her body. She was treating her like a child, talking about her as if she wasn't there. But she held her tongue, knowing that that was the smart thing to do. \"Louise, ummm, well...I've already invited her. To the one we're having on Friday. Remember?\" \"Of course I remember. I'm not silly in the head you know.\" Louise retorted. \"Of course, dear. That's just why the moment was odd. I wanted to tell you without embarrassing you.\" \"How thoughtful of you,\" Louise said sarcastically. \"Holly, would you like me to give you a tour of the house?\" All of this time, Henry and Louise had been talking about Holly like she wasn't there. It had started to annoy her. But she wasn't going to pass up the opportunity of seeing Henry's house. There was all that money to think about too. \"Of course, that'd be wonderful,\" Holly said excitedly. \"Are you coming too Henry?\" \"I don't want Louise to miss out on anything. Of course I'll come.\" The three of them walked around the apartment. Every six inches it seemed Louise stopped and talked incessantly about all of Henry's things. Whenever she forgot something, Henry jumped in and added it. After the first room, Holly was dying of boredom. She stuck it out though, thinking about her brother Fred and the money she needed to get him back. Then she'd agree with Louise and gaze up at Henry with adoring eyes. She could tell he was loving every minute of it. Finally, they had scraped over every inch of the apartment.. Holly had found out things she knew she never needed to know. She heard a bell ringing from somewhere inside the depths of the apartment. \"Oh. There's lunch.\" Louise announced. \"Well, you don't have to show me where the dining room is, now that I know my way around the place.\" \"Fantastic.\" Henry said. \"Let's go.\" Henry took Holly's arm and led her into the dining room. It was set with enough food to feed ten people, instead of three. \"What are you going to do with all the extra food?\" Holly asked. \"I don't know. Helga does something with it.\" Henry pondered. \"She might just throw it away I guess.\" \"You shouldn't cook it. Instead of wasting your money on food that you are just going to throw away, maybe you should donate it to a charity or something.\" \"We could do that I suppose. Perhaps I'll have my assistant do something about it.\" \"Yes, do that Henry.\" Louise added. Suddenly Holly had the urge to get up and go, well...anywhere. Anywhere but where she was. I should stay. But at that point in time, wild horses couldn't have kept her there. She couldn't stand the sight of Henry and Louise for one more minute. \"Oh! I almost forgot! I'm supposed to go meet a friend this afternoon. I'm sorry, but I must leave right away.\" \"Are you sure?\" Henry asked. \"Yes, quite positive.\" \"Well, I'll see you on Friday then.\" \"Yes Holly, we'll see you on Friday.\" \"Of course.\" Holly hurried out the door, down the elevator and into the lobby. She breathed a sigh of relief. ","Summary":" Holly woke up late, as usual. Cat had to knead his paws into her back forn5 minutes before she got "},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"The Scale With No Flaws","Author":"Silver.ixx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12008098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Competition - to strive to gain or win something by defeating or establishing superiority over others who are trying to do the same A soft pitched note echoed throughout the equally soft room, and was received by two people. After a slight pause, several more notes followed. The person singing closed his eyes, feeling the music throughout his body. It was almost magical in that sense, the way it flowed easily. And it had to flow easily - there was no space for mistakes. \"Kim Hansol.\" A voice strictly interrupted the singing boy, causing the said boy to stop. Lowering his hands from the table in front of him that he had habitually gripped during his performance, Hansol opened his eyes to see his teacher blinking quite rapidly, while fluctuating his gaze from the person in front of him to the papers on his desk. It was such an odd action - that is, one that was such a small detail to see, that it caused a slight feeling of nervousness within him. But he had learned not to let the uneasy catharsis break his concentration, so he waited patiently for the man in front of him to say something. \"Repeat the first line again. Start from 'your fantasies have all been broken'.\" The man's accent was odd; something was different from the usual Korean , the way that he pronounced the 's' in the word fantasies (hwansang) incorrectly with a plain 's' sound was the error - someone who has been speaking Korean for a fair while would know that it would be pronounced as 'sh'. Concluding that the man was British, and new to the country, Hansol nodded to himself, pleased at this small realization. He found great pleasure in figuring such an indistinct thing out. It was not unusual for a person of different origin to be present at this certain location - Stardom Academy was known for being one of the top areas of musical education in the country. But the person named Kim Hansol did not think of himself as lucky - quite the opposite - he considered Stardom Academy to be lucky for having him study there. However, today was somewhat different. He had been woken up not at all gently to the sight of Shin Jiho yelling at him to wake up and get to room B213 as soon as possible, for he had a new vocal teacher that wanted to see him whenever the time was best convenient for him. And that time would be at six in the morning, on a Tuesday. But it was no bother really - he was used to the constant changes in his over elaborate schedule. For he learned to expect anything and everything. So not even ten seconds of silence passed by from the moment his teacher spoke when Hansol began singing again. A hesitant knock at the door prompted him to stop his singing for the second time that hour, and to stare at the door itself, waiting for the source to either enter or leave. He hoped that whoever it was would do the latter. For he was selfish, and above all, knew it. As an off, but comparative topic, he would let the world explode as long as he was able to live. A fair trade, he deemed. \"Come in,\" his teacher coughed, waving in the direction of the door despite the person behind it not being able to see the haphazard action. Hansol returned his gaze to his teacher. He couldn't even remember his name, most unlike him. Frowning, he searched his mind for the two words, before remembering that he was never informed of it. \"But it is not yet time to end my session,\" he began. The man in front of him coughed again. \"Yes, it is. Look at the clock.\" And Hansol did, realizing just as soon as his teacher bent his head back down to view his papers, that it was, in fact, seven in the morning on a Tuesday. \"How….how was I?\" He asked, a bit hesitant to know the answer. That was unlike him - he was always confident no matter what, or so he thought. He wrote it off as the new person giving off a new aura, one that troubled him, in that way ruling out the idea of nervousness. But all the teacher in front of him said was a simple 'I'll let you know later'. So, bowing slightly, Hansol made his way quickly to the door, with the purpose of letting someone in and himself out. Opening the door, though, yielded a new surprise. For it was Kim Byungjoo who was on the other side out the entranceway. Soft, large eyes met cold, sharp eyes, Hansol being the latter, and everything happened at once. On the outside, it was a simple matter of stepping aside with a small nod and holding open the door, but the inside was definitely different and much more chaotic. And so, as both boys passed each other, nothing was said. Nothing at all. But there was one word that kept echoing clearly in the person named Kim Hansol's mind. Competition.[Chapter 2] Established - having been in existence for a long time and therefore recognized and generally accepted Since the time was about seven in the morning, Hansol knew he had half an hour to kill before going to his first class. Besides studying music, students at the academy also had to learn regular areas of education, such as mathematics and science, of course. His first class being advanced comprehension of reading and writing. Such a long title; he thought of it as quite unnecessary, but nevertheless went along with it, and that was usually how he did things. Making his way to the men's bathroom, he frowned at the loud clicking noise that his black and white shoes made as he walked. He didn't like the attention it could give him, despite no one being present in the hallway. Turning a corner, however, yielded different results. \"Hojoon.\" Hansol addressed the boy in his peripheral vision, the one who was currently scribbling something in permanent marker on the wall. The boy jumped when Hansol spoke and dropped the marker from his shaking hands. \"What are you writing?\" Hansol asked as politely as possible, while bending to better view the black marks on the white wall. \"A-Tom, Kidoh, Nakta.\" He read. The Knight kingdom was probably bullying Hojoon into doing another risky task for them once again, as those were the nicknames those boys in that group went by. \"Remind me why you are doing this?\" he added, not at all concerned for the boy's negative behavior. Pushing up his round glasses, Hojoon picked the marker up. \"They told me too,\" \"I see,\" Hansol walked away, leaving Hojoon to continue. Hojoon is weak. The person named Jeon Hojoon had started studying at Stardom Academy five months ago, and had already been marked by everyone as an excellent vocalist and someone who could be easily pushed around. The reason why Hansol was speaking to him so politely all the time was because he simply did not want any conflict with him, especially because they were in the same kingdom - Wizard. There were four kingdoms at Stardom Academy - Wizard, Lion, Knight, and Dragon. Each kingdom was in constant competition with one another to be the best academically in the area of music. However, few knew about the rivalry within each kingdom. Hansol was one that knew. Loud chatter greeted him as he opened the door to the men's bathroom; quietly making his way to the sink to look at himself in the mirror, he did not notice the three other people in the room at first. \"Hey, Hansol.\" a snide voice said from a few feet away. \"Hello, Hyosang.\" Hansol merely said without making eye contact as he stared into the mirror to fix his blue-black hair. It was curling up slightly in the back; dissatisfied, he patted some water on it to keep it in place and walked back towards the door but did not exit, for he wanted to spur the others to talk to him. \"I saw Hojoon in the hallway.\" he voiced in a monotonous tone. The three looked at each other before smirking; Sanggyun was the only one that laughed. \"What was he doing?\" Hansol turned around to face them. \"He was writing your fake names on the wall.\" \"Hey now, those aren't 'fake names', are they?\" Realizing his mistake and wanting to avoid conflict, Hansol quickly left. Once in his class, he sat in his seat, closed his eyes, and simply waited for twenty minutes to pass. Not even two minutes went by when Jiho suddenly appeared. The purple-and-red-haired student flicked a pencil at the seated boy, who deflected it with ease. \"Relax.\" he lectured, and sat in his seat beside him. Hansol opened both eyes. \"Jiho, that isn't your seat. Go sit in the back.\" \"Nah, I'd rather be with you.\" Jiho stuck his tongue out childishly and immediately began scribbling on his desk. Sighing, the other boy leaned back farther in his chair and listened to the mixture of drowsy and excited voices from around him. Girls and boys always talked about the same repetitive topics - music, parties, and relationships. All unimportant to him except for one. The class went on easily; Hansol was extremely intelligent, so learning wasn't a problem for him. The person beside him distracting him was, though. And the hallway was once again noisy as the class ended. Suddenly something hit him on the head, bouncing off as it did so. Looking around did nothing to inform him of the source, but that didn't really bother him. Picking up the object off the floor that had hit him - a crumpled up piece of paper - he put it in his pocket and walked into an empty classroom nearby, and sat back down again, opening the paper. Lyrics.[Chapter 3] Perceive - to become aware or conscious of something Balancing on the desk wasn't a problem to begin with, but as his emotions got the better of him, the difficulty increased, so he decided it would be easier to sit in a chair instead. So, grabbing the back of the nearest chair, he dragged it to the desk and sat down in it, while so finishing the action of opening the paper. Now he could see it better, and he couldn't hide back his disappointment. These were no lyrics, as the lack of flow and connections proved just that. It was just a simple paragraph written. \"I hate A4. I really hate school. All of my classes are boring. But you know what? I'm graduating soon, so I'll say goodbye to everyone. And guess what? I'll never have to put on a necktie again.\" he read, and then quickly crinkled up the paper back to its original state, therefore blocking his vision of the words. He only hesitated for what seemed like a minute, before opening the paper once again. Reading over the paragraph once more came with the hope of inspiration, but yielded nothing at the current moment he was in, which was something of a blank mind. And then, without revealing anything else by facial expressions or body language, he simply got out of his seat and exited the empty classroom, pleased to find out when he left into the hallway that it was almost devoid of people, signalling the implication of the beginning of the second class. For him, it was mathematics course 3. Walking down the hallway to his classroom, he pushed the paper deep into the front pocket of his uniform, not giving a care to as if the content would be secure or not ripped when he would take it out again later. For that's what he planned to do, of course. It wasn't an accident that he was hit with this certain object; in fact, he believed it to be fate, something he was a keen believer of. Thinking about it some more, Hansol realized how fortunate he had been to be in that random situation. \"I'll use this,\" he spoke out loud, but revealed nothing on the outside appearance. He was always like that, so emotionless, so cold. He had no friends, really. Everything was fake. And along with everything came people. People were all fake, just masks in the world. Masks were beautiful, but also very fragile. They could be broken easily, if attempted. But Hansol's mask was above all - it would never be broken, nor discovered, and definitely not removed. Jiho was his only friend. And Hansol didn't even know if his friend wore a mask as well. Walking through the doorway of his class, he found his seat in the front right section of the group of desks and sat up very tightly and still, his actions leading most to infer that he was something of in the state of raptivity and deep concentration. Suddenly the door slammed shut with a loud bang, causing half of the students to flinch. Looking towards the left, Hansol saw that it was a substitute professor for the day. The man was blushing, seemingly at the unexpected noise he had caused. \"I am Mr. Jung, I hope that we'll all get along.\" he said, finding his way to the front of the room. Immediately a short shout came from the back of the classroom, quick to begin and quick to end. Hansol looked back to see Hyosang grinning, his legs up on the chair in front of him, in a relaxed, almost lazy manner. But the other ignored it, as it was not to be of any concern. The class then progressed for a few minutes, with the subject of equations written on the board. \"Who can tell me how x is related to the number two for this equation?\" Four people raised their hands. Hansol did not, for the risk of being wrong was too high in his point of view. He would rather seem of average intelligence and not stand out by raising his hand and guessing, rather than the option of risking the chance of calling out the wrong answer in front of everyone. The Kingdoms were mixed in this class. Feeling a trickle of sweat uncharacteristically drip down his neck, the boy simply waited for the professor to call on someone and get it over with. The answer is negative thirteen since two has factors of one and two, with the number one being related to the singular exponent state of x, he thought to himself. \"Hey! You know 'bout me! Yano!\" a gritty voice called out. \"Let me answer.\" It was Sangwon. Without waiting to be called on, he strutted up to the board and began swiftly writing with white chalk. Hansol watched, curious to see Mr. Jung's reaction. But the man just stepped back and let the student solve the problem. Interesting. \"The answer is negative thirteen.\" \"Yes.\" The substitute confirmed. But instead of going back to his desk, Sangwon sat in the empty desk right next to the professor's. \"I might as well sit in the front, since I'll be solving the problems the whole time.\" he said, smirking. Hansol squinted his eyes, and willed himself to calm down. He hated whenever someone openly behaved like that, like they were better than everyone else. But then, quite suddenly, his odd demeanor stopped. Sangwon had proved that he was capable of solving the rest of the math problems himself, so it wasn't a big deal if he behaved that way. Fine. And the rest of the day passed as it normally would any other day. Once back in his dorm room, he sat down at his desk on his side of the room, and carefully took out the paper from his pocket. At the same time, he also opened the desk drawer and took out another piece of paper. \"Hi Maya, I like you. How do you feel about me?\" he read from it again. It was something he had written a few years ago, but had not sent it to the person of subject yet. Something he had written, but never sent for the pure reason of doubt. Someone else just last year had caught his eye. Someone named Byungjoo.[Chapter 4] Disconcernment - the ability to judge well and having the quality of being able to grasp and comprehend what is obscure He was tired. Drifting off into the calm wave of drowsiness, Hansol would have almost fallen asleep, had it not been for his roommate loudly entering, slamming the door shut and calling out. \"Hansol! I'm back, and I brought you something.\" He heard Jiho shout, but did not stir from his only slightly comfortable position. CHINK. The odd sound spurred the partly sleeping boy to lift up his head and lethargically turn around to better view whatever had caused it. It was a can of soda that Jiho had placed on the opposite desk. \"Yes, but where are my music sheets?\" Hansol asked, frowning. \"Ah,\" Jiho stopped walking and ran a hand through his interestingly shaded hair, squinting. \"I forgot.\" Sighing, the other boy pushed back his chair and stood up, stretching, gave his own unusually colored hair a quick brush, and made his way across the room to the door. Giving one last look at his friend, he smiled. \"It's not a problem. I'll just go retrieve them now.\" He paused. \"Thank you for the drink.\" And he left, into the dorm hallway, not paying too much attention to the setting. Walking down the steps from the second floor to the first, he encountered a person sitting on the steps. \"Hojoon.\" he said, once again acknowledging the presence of the person for the second time that day. The person sitting on the steps seemed a bit off, head bowed down, and staring at the floor. But he lifted up his head as soon as he heard his name being called, and Hansol was surprised to see the remains of tears staining the boy's face. And he waited, waited for him to speak and inform him of the reason for his behavior. But Hojoon merely sniffled, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. Seconds passed; Hansol found himself becoming more and more impatient with the person. And so he left, passing him on the way. His steps echoed as he walked down the staircase, and he found himself wondering about Hojoon once more again. Why was he crying? The sharp, cold air harshly greeted him as he pushed open the doors of his dorm building. There was no snow, but the February weather was nothing to be questioned at the least. As he made his way to the main building of Stardom Academy, he couldn't help but stare up at the windows, if anything hoping to see something in them. But that was pointless, as he could not see past the dark material shading them. Breathing in large amounts of frosted air, he couldn't help but think of another odd subject - memory. How had Jiho forgotten his music sheets he had asked for earlier, but instead thought to buy him something to drink? Did he maybe switch priorities? But no, it is simple enough to follow orders from someone else, as opposed to imagining another new idea entirely, like retrieving a can of soda for example. Visibly shaking his head, he briskly walked to the main building, refusing to look anywhere but forwards. Once arriving at the large doors and pushing them open, he retraced his usual steps to the room he had been present in only several hours ago - room B213. Ah, but I had forgotten to get the music sheets for myself in the first place, so I am also an example of this memory crime. The obscurely intense motion of the previous act in the room from before led the student to assume that to be the cause of forgetting to pick up his music sheets - in fact he blamed the whole previous event for his nervous behavior before in his math class. So, to summarize, he blamed Byungjoo for making him feel that way and distracting his mind during that time. No, it wasn't as if the brief encounter at 7 o'clock with him had messed up his concentration because he was worried and uneasy or anything - it was simply because of the slight surprise he had experienced as he opened the door. At least that's what he told himself as he shuffled through neat stacks of paper on the table in the small room, scanning the dark scribbles of pen on them for anything that would resemble his own handwriting. His signature was often quite sharp in presentation, as he held his pen in an abnormally sideways fashion and tended to just brush the pen lightly across the paper. That method gave it a more fading appearance. After a few minutes of calmly searching through the ones on the table, Hansol then turned towards the professor's desk, giving it a hard glance, and briefly looked up at the door for some reason. All professors' spaces were strictly prohibited even from being touched, this area being one of them; the punishment for violating this rule was potential expulsion from the Academy. And Hansol was not one for risking something so dangerous as that. \"It's not a matter of getting expelled and never getting accepted into another school again, it's more of a matter of reputation for myself if that ever were to happen.\" the student whispered offhandedly, while staring at his music sheets that he had just spotted on the desk. How unfortunate.[Chapter 5] Uninvolving - failing to engage someone's interest or attention; dull 'Did you get your music sheets?' is what Hansol predicts his roommate to say as soon as he arrives back to their dorm room. He thinks this, as opposed to the boy saying nothing, since he concludes that the guilt of forgetting the said object in the first place would override whatever silence he was hoping to keep as to concentrate on homework. Ah, that's right. I also have a lot of homework to do tonight, especially from my Music Theory class. Walking up the stairs for the second time in the span of a half-hour, he took the time to brush his fingertips on the polished wood surface of the railing, the smooth property reminding him of his own voice. He couldn't help but to subconsciously look to see if Hojoon would still be there, crying on the steps. With this thought in mind, he turned the corner of the staircase. It was empty, devoid of all students and their tears. Where did he go? Back to his room? To another building? These intriguing thoughts aid in him evaluating cause and effect, but do not aid him in paying attention to his surroundings. A boy let out a squeak as he almost crashed into Hansol, since he had also turned around the corner, which was a horrible blind spot. \"Sorry.\" The boy hurried down the staircase to leave the building, just as Hansol connected the voice to a name. \"Taeyang?\" \"Uh, no. Sorry.\" the boy said again, keeping his head lowered as he opened the door to leave the Wizard's Dormitory. Hansol hesitated for a moment before finding his room and opening its door, the casual action which revealed the other person in the room to be in a state of complete juxtaposition. Jiho was scrambling to take out specific papers from his folder, and was collecting the ones on his desk that were already out. Once he saw that Hansol was back he cleared his throat and tapped his fingers on the desk. \"Did you get them?\" he asked. Normally, he would have been pleased by the correction to his previous prediction as to what Jiho would say, but something else more recent bothered him. \"I saw Taeyang in this building a few minutes ago.\" he said, not answering the question. Jiho's eyes widened for a second, but Hansol just writes that off as surprise that one kingdom member would be in another's dormitory area. \"Are you sure it was Taeyang, and not another Wizard?\" he says. \"I'm certain,\" the accuser stated, \"It's odd that he'd be here with no real motive.\" \"...yeah.\" Jiho seemed to agree, but hesitantly so; he then focused back to the arrangement of the papers on his desk. Hansol followed suit and went to sit back down at his own desk, making sure to properly shut the top drawer. He suddenly remembered his own homework assignments for the night and took them out of his backpack; he couldn't help but feel a little anxiety because of the late time. Turning around to face Jiho, since their desks were behind each others', he stared at his only friend's hand movements as he wrote something down on his paper. It's something he had seen his roommate do countless times at this hour, but it still seemed to keep his interest nonetheless. Although this activity was boring, as the method was quite monotonous, Hansol still remained watching him for five more minutes before turning back around to work on his own papers. Tomorrow he had piano lessons for second period, as opposed to the usual letter composing. Students at this academy were also expected to be able to play at least two instruments in addition to many other complex things. This school really was elite. Hansol thought back to when he had received his acceptance letter - it was also on a Tuesday. He had been at a normal, regular high school in Busan, drawing some informal sketches in his biology notebook when his teacher had given the note to him. Even though that was only during his junior year he nevertheless moved within the day to an easier location - the academy dormitories. The Kingdoms were decided on entrance, and the students had no choice or say in it. People picked to be in the Wizard kingdom had the fluency to be amazing dancers, people in the Knight kingdom could master more than the required amount of instruments proficiently, the Lion kingdom was for lyric composing, and people who were excellent at singing was placed in the Dragon kingdom. Now, all students at the academy were great at all four categories, it's just that what they were best at was where they were placed. The four groups were mixed in classrooms and there was extreme competition, as said before, and fights often broke out. In hallways, in the classroom right under the instructor's nose, behind staircases. The fighting was a big issue. We had already lost someone because of that. ","Summary":" Competition - to strive to gain or win something by defeating or establishing superiority over othe"},{"Movie":"Breakfast at Tiffany's","Title":"Happiness Lost","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7905453","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holly Golightly walked up the stairs of her apartment building, feeling happier than she'd been in a very long time. She had a wonderful life; her brother Fred was due to get out of the army any time now and she was only too happy to have him live with her. She missed him terribly. And just days earlier, she'd met a wonderful man... someone that she'd fallen in love with almost instantly. He was devastatingly handsome and sophisticated, but more importantly, he was rich. Behind her, rich Brazilian José da Silva Pereira followed, pausing while she stopped to check her tiny mailbox. \"Nothing but bills!\" She said to no one in particular, sorting through the envelopes as she made her way to her apartment. As she opened the door, she stopped suddenly, her eyes transfixed on the small white envelope with the impeccably neat handwriting that bore her name and address. \"What's this?\" Excitedly, she ran her hand across the front of the envelope. \"It's a letter from Doc!\" \"Who is this Doc you speak of?\" \"Now Jose, I've told you about Doc, I know I have! We were married very young and it was annulled ages ago. Problem is that he just can't accept it. But it is nice to hear from him from time to time.\" Jose nodded in response. As they neared her apartment, Holly opened her purse and took out her keys to unlock the front door. Taking only seconds to allow Jose to enter the apartment, she shut the door and walked into the kitchen. \"Would you like a drink?\" \"That would be nice.\" Jose replied. \"There you are.\" Holly said, handing him the glass of wine. She sat down on the sofa and made herself comfortable, despite the protests of her orange tabby, Cat, who was forced to move from his sleeping place. She put the stack of letters and sat them on the coffee table; already cluttered with piles of papers and magazines. \"How do you find anything in this mess?\" Jose asked, making no attempt to mask his annoyance. \"It's like living in chaos!\" Holly pretended that she hadn't heard him. So what if he didn't like her living style? Once they were married and happily living in Brazil, things would change. She'd be a much better person... and a much richer one. Soon she'd be living the life that she'd always dreamed about. \"Bills, bills, bills!\" She said again, flipping through the stack of envelopes; most of them bills marked Final Notice. She was only vaguely aware of Jose shaking his head in disbelief. \"Let's see what Doc has to say, shall we?\" Eager to read what he'd written, she tore open the envelope and pulled out the letter, which was surprisingly short-and very informal; not at all like his previous letters. In neat, block print was written; Dear Holly, Received word that young Fred was killed in a jeep accident in Fort Riley, Kansas. Your husband and children join you in our mutual sorrow. More details soon. Love, Doc.[Chapter 2] Her hands trembled as she read the words over and over again. This couldn't be happening; it had to be some kind of trick. But why would Doc do something so cruel? He knew how much she loved her younger brother. However, the more she stared at the letter; she knew it was no trick. It was painfully real. \"What is it, Holly? What is wrong?\" Jose was asking. But she barely heard him. Her hand went to her trembling mouth and her chest hurt more than she thought possible. Hot tears filled her eyes and she began to sob. But then her sadness was joined by anger. How could this have happened? Fred promised he'd be careful when he left for the army. He promised ! What was he doing driving a jeep of all things? He owned a blue pickup truck! Farmers never drove anything else! The anger and sadness welled inside of her and she began to sob even harder. She couldn't sit here doing nothing. She wanted throw something; anything. She ran into her bedroom, picking up every object she could find and threw them as hard as she could; finding comfort in the loud shattering noise they created. Soon the sound became a drug that she just couldn't get enough of, and she began to tear the room to pieces. Jose rushed over and grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her in an almost violent manner. \"You must stop this at once!\" he yelled. \"I cannot take this madness!\" He was about to slap her back into reality when the front door opened. Immediately he let go of her and rushed to find Paul Varjak, Holly's upstairs neighbor hurrying into the apartment. \"What's going on?\" Paul asked. When more crashes came, Paul ran into the bedroom to find Holly hurling objects at the wall; destroying them one by one. \"Holly!\" Immediately he went to her and wrapped his arms around her; finding it hard to control her as she thrashed about. \"Holly! Holly! Honey, what's wrong?\" But when she continued to move violently in his arms; the pillow she was holding burst open, sending feathers into the air where they floated softly to the floor. After several minutes, still wearing her pink tiara, she collapsed onto the bed, sobbing into her hands. Gently he touched her shoulder; deeply concerned about the eccentric and beautiful woman whom he'd grown to love in the short time he'd known her. When she was miraculously calmer, he left the room and closed her bedroom door, eager to find out what was causing her so much pain; and he vowed to make whoever hurt her pay for whatever they had done.[Chapter 3] \"All right, what'd you do to her?\" Paul demanded when he returned to the living room. Jose threw up his hands in confusion. \"I know nothing! She read letter and then this! Acting like crazy person, throwing things, making a scene! I simply cannot have it! I have a respected reputation in Brazil and a family to uphold. I'm sure the police will arrive any minute now.\" \"I doubt that.\" Paul said. \"There's no law against busting up your own apartment. Where's this letter you're talking about?\" Jose walked over to the sofa cringing at the piles of papers. He looked through them thoroughly before finding the letter crumpled into a ball on the floor. \"Here is letter.\" He said handing it to Paul. Paul took the letter and began to read out loud. \"Dear Holly, Received word that young Fred was killed...\" His blood turned cold and his thoughts drifted to the beautiful, heartbroken woman that lay on her bed only steps away. Feeling helpless, he sank into a chair and sighed deeply. \"Oh my God...\" \"What's wrong? Who is this Fred you speak of?\" \"Her brother.\" \"Oh...\" Jose said with very little feeling. \"What can we do?\" \"Try to help her; be there for her. She's going to need all the friends she can get right now. And unfortunately that's you and me. She doesn't have anyone else; besides Doc.\" Jose walked over to Holly's bedroom and opened the door, glancing at her with dismay when he realized she was still sobbing into the destroyed pillow. Finally he closed the door and turned to Paul, shaking his head. \"I cannot do this.\" \"But she needs you! She loves you!\" Paul said. \"My reputation is much too important to be bothered with such drama. I'm very sorry.\" And without another word, Jose took one last look at Holly for the last time and left.[Chapter 4] Alone in the apartment, Paul returned to Holly's bedroom where she still lay, sobbing into the broken pillow and sat down on the bed beside her. \"Come here, Honey.\" Immediately she raised her head and snuggled next to him, crying into his shirt. It was the first time in his life where he'd ever felt completely helpless. She was trembling badly and even his hand running up and down her back did little to calm her. \"I'm so sorry, Honey.\" He whispered over and over again. \"Oh, Fred!\" Holly cried. Paul wasn't sure if the name was meant for him or her brother. She'd told him often that he reminded her of Fred and agreed to let her call him by the same name. Although he'd never had the pleasure of knowing the young boy, Paul was flattered; for Holly seemed to hold her brother in the highest regard. He leaned his cheek against hers; alarmed at how warm she felt despite the wet tears on her skin. \"I'm here. Everything will be all right.\" He whispered, holding her close as he rocked her back and forth like a child. His heart broke when she continued to whimper; saying her brother's name over and over again. \"Oh, Fred... Fred... Oh, Fred...\" Of course he wasn't Fred; far from it. From what she'd told him, he could never live up to her little brother's image, but now he was sure as hell going to try. He owed her that much at least. But he couldn't think about that now. His only concern was to help her through this. And it certainly wasn't going to be easy. He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he hadn't noticed that she'd fallen asleep in his arms. Gently he removed her tiara and her pink shoes and tucked her into bed. She'd been through hell and needed her rest. As though sensing that something was wrong, Cat immediately jumped onto the bed, and snuggled beside Holly, rubbing his body against hers. \"Thanks, Cat.\" Paul smiled as he rubbed the orange tabby's fur. He watched Holly sleeping and carefully brushed the hair from her face. When she woke she was sure to be even more upset; having to deal with the fact that her brother was gone and the only real family she had left was her ex-husband Doc. But he shuddered to think of what would happen when she learned that Jose was no longer interested in her. Just as Paul suspected, he was clearly the type who was liable to take advantage of a young woman as he flaunted his wealth. And sadly, Holly fell for it. If only Holly would realize that there was one man who loved her for more than money and riches. Paul wasn't rich by any means. If anything he was barely getting by. A struggling writer, he was forever trying to find the perfect story to submit to a publisher. His one book had done remarkably well and he vowed to read it to Holly. It seems that she was the only one interested in his life these days. Boldly he kissed her cheek, remembering the kiss they had shared in the hallway after spending the entire day trying new things. It was the most fun he'd had in years. \"I love you Holly Golightly. And even if you don't love me... I'll never stop trying to win your heart.\" He said softly into her ear. Her upswept hair had come undone and was now splayed across the pillow, making her appear more beautiful than he'd ever seen her. \"Holly? Did you hear me? I'm in love with you. You're my whole world. Will you marry me?\" The question fell out of his mouth and he felt his heart beating faster; unable to believe he'd asked so casually. \"Yes...\" Holly answered. \"Yes, what?\" Her eyes fluttered open and he was surprised when she smiled. She had every right to be sad after what she'd been through but here she was, smiling. He ran his fingers across her cheek. \"Holly, are you okay? Did you hear what I said?\" \"Yes, I did.\" He paused, waiting for her reply, which was bound to be disappointing but he had to know. \"I love you too, Paul Varjak. And yes... I'll marry you.\" THE END. ","Summary":" Holly Golightly walked up the stairs of her apartment building, feeling happier than she'd been in "},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"A Shadow Stained Scarlet","Author":"silverleavesk9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9986123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Before he came, everything was peaceful. Before he came, everything was normal. Before he came, she didn't even expect that she could be useful, especially to him. It all started with a nonchalant knock at her door. Her flustered grandmother, withered hands wringing together nervously against her patchwork apron, went to answer it. Agatha heard a gasp as she opened it, with the protesting squeal of wood scraping wood. Crouching in the back of the cottage, she wondered who it could be. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Surprised to see me?\" asked a dreadfully familiar voice. \"We had a deal, dearie.\" \"I don't make deals, especially not with the likes of you,\" she answered stubbornly. \"Your daughter did!\" he answered gleefully. \"Where is she?\" \"Who?\" \"Your granddaughter,\" he said. Agatha felt her heart quicken, and she pressed herself against the wall, feeling trapped. \"I'm the only one here,\" her grandmother answered bravely. \"I can tell when someone's lying, dearie,\" he said, the rasping voice deadly calm. \"You're not taking her anywhere until you tell me what's going on!\" An unnatural, high-pitched laugh sounded. \"Your daughter made a deal with me. She sent me to get revenge for the murder of her husband, and she would give me her only child.\" Agatha saw the man slowly circling her as he talked. \"I've held up my end of the bargain, and I always expect payment.\" \"How do I know you can be trusted with her?\" Her grandmother had been slowly turning to keep him in sight. \"I give you my word.\" He made a mocking bow in front of her, but she still eyed him suspiciously. \"I've heard tales about you, Rumplestiltskin.\" He grinned.\"My reputation precedes me!\" \"Don't think that it hasn't!\" she replied more forcefully. \"I know what you're about! You're going to go back on your word!\" \"If you're so sure about that,\" he turned to face her, \"why don't we let the child decide for herself?\" Agatha's grandma appeared agitated, her eyes darting all around the room, not daring to look at the Dark One. \"Alright,\" she said slowly. Her heart beating like a frightened animal, Agatha stood and made her silent way into the prescence of the two. \"I'm here,\" she announced, darting a quick glance at Rumplestiltskin, who waved a hand dismissively. \"Leave us,\" he commanded. Her grandmother squeezed Agatha's hand once, then shuffled obediently to the back room where they slept. \"Let's skip the pleasantries. You already know who I am, as I do you,\" Agatha said, crossing her arms over her chest. \"What do you want of me?\" \"Well, dearie,\" he started circling once more, \"a little bird whispered in my ear that you,\" he pointed with a grin, \"have magic.\" She immediatly gasped, unwilling and uncomfortable sharing her secrets with strangers, especially this one. Just his prescence made her uneasy, his clothes, the circling as if she were prey, his eyes, good Lord those eyes... \"You look surprised, dearie,\" he mused. \"But then again, most people are. Oh yes, I know everything that goes on in this land. I even know about you, Agatha.\" She shivered at the thought of her secrets now. He must already know. Then...\"How could I be of any use to you?\" she asked. \"So you do have it? Interesting,\" he purred. \"It's simple really. I take you on as my apprentice, and if you survive, you,\" he gestured with a flourish, \"will become the Dark One.\" Agatha drew herself up. \"And if I refuse?\" She knew the probable consequences. \"A deal is a deal, dearie,\" Rumplestiltskin stopped in front of her, \"and if you refuse,\" he leaned forward and lowered his voice, \"your life will pay handsomely.\" Her heart beat so loud that she wondered if he could hear it. \"I...accept.\" What have you done?! her conscious screamed in her head. The right thing, she replied. He let out a maniacal laugh. \"Excellent!\" He went to the door, then turned back.\"I'll be waiting,\" he said then vanished in a cloud of scarlet smoke.[Chapter 2] She felt rough hands grab her arms, and looked up disbelieving as the soldiers dragged her forward. \"She's not ready!\" she heard someone say even as she struggled in their iron grip. My mother, she thought. \"Nonsense!\" she heard a harsh voice say. A face loomed before hers, a man with a poorly kempt beard. \"She'll be a fine soldier.\" He sat atop his horse in armor, sneering. \"Let me go!\" she cried. \"And a real fighter too!\" said the one on her right arm. \"Save your fighting for the field, sweetheart,\" the left one said. He pawed at her chest and she twisted away. \"Enough of this!\" her mother cried out. She rushed forward and stood in their way. \"Agatha's just a child,\" she pleaded. \"So is every one of our new recruits,\" the leader on the horse grinned. He gestured to the few people they had rounded up. \"The law still stands, and more soldiers are dying. We need young blood if we are to win the Ogre Wars.\" \"Then the law is wrong,\" her mother said. The leader thrust his sword point an inch away from her throat. \"I'm almost tempted to skewer you, woman, if you question us again!\" \"Mother, I'll be fine,\" Agatha called. \"I'll come back. Just let me go.\" The mounted soldier laughed. \"Do as she says,\" he muttered, then gestured to the right one that was holding her. \"She can ride with you,\" he called. They mounted their steeds, and left the village, leaving their loved ones behind, heading into Fate's embrace. They rode through the day across rolling hills and meadowland, then stopped to make camp for the night. The nameless soldier whom she had rode with lifted her down, gently touching her feet to the ground. \"Thank you,\" Agatha said even as he lifted his helmet off. She gasped. His bright green eyes sparkled in a handsome face. He looked a few years older than she did. \"You're welcome, though I don't know what for. It isn't a deed that needs thanking, toting children off to war. Happened to me as soon as I turned fourteen.\" \"Did you fight too?\" she asked. \"Yeah, but it got me nowhere, although, I had the oddest feeling that there was someone watching me besides my mother and the soldiers.\" \"Did you ever find out?\" \"No,\" he answered, \"but it was like nothing I'd forget in a hurry.\" \"I wonder who it was,\" Agatha mused. She shivered suddenly. \"Do you feel it too?\" he asked. She nodded. \"Whoever it was is here...\" \"Let's go to my tent,\" he suggested. \"I'm not here just for the amusement of the male soldiers,\" she laughed. \"Yeah, well, the chief decided you need watching over, so like it or not, you're stuck with me.\" He grinned, a look of comic mischief on his face. Agatha smiled for the first time since her parents had been killed. \"I just hope you have a sense of respect for women,\" she muttered. \"Don't worry,\" he laughed, and wrapped a cashual arm about her shoulders, \"if there's one thing I know, it's to never cross a woman's path, especially an angry one.\" Agatha saw the whole camp as the soldier, who was named Gwaine, led her to his tent, which was on the camp's far side. \"Thank you for the tour, Sir Gwaine,\" she smiled as she made a curtsy. He bowed. \"It is my pleasure, Lady Agatha.\" \"So you were listening,\" she teased as Gwaine led her into the tent. \"Are you...?\" she asked as she sat on the bedroll. \"Am I what, fair lady?\" \"Are you a Knight of the Round Table?\" she asked. \"Oh, no. Far from it, actually. But I am a knight, and I'm trying to be one.\" \"Then I wish you best of luck,\" she said. Gwaine smiled, then ducked outside. \"You can borrow some of my clothes for tonight, if you wish,\" he called. After she had changed, she stood outside so he could get dressed. \"Gwaine?\" she called after a minute. \"Yes?\" came the answer. Agatha had heard some twigs crack, and an sudden cold feeling came upon her. \"He's here,\" she whispered. Gwaine came out and put a protective arm about her. \"It's alright, Agatha. I'll shut the tent tonight, and stand guard while you sleep.\" \"But what about you?\" \"I'll be alright . I'll even stand inside if it puts your mind at rest,\" he said softly. As he led her inside, she glanced fearfully at the dark forest that surrounded them until Gwaine pulled the tent flap shut. The night passed sleepless for Agatha. She kept looking up, only to see Gwaine's shadow and hear him say, \"All is well, my lady. You may go back to sleep.\" Who could be watching us? Is he an enemy? she kept wondering. She was cold, despite a warm brazier blazing in the front of the tent. Finally, she couldn't pretend any longer. She got off the bedroll with the blanket wrapped around her, and crouched before the brazier. \"Are you cold?\" Gwaine asked. She nodded, her flesh prickling with goosebumps. He came and sat beside her. \"This is not natural cold,\" he mused, fingering his sword hilt. \"There is something magical at work here.\" \"Who do you think it is?\" she asked shakily. \"I have a hunch, but I can't be sure,\" he answered. \"Who is it?\" she pressed Gwaine sighed and looked at her, one side of his face and dark hair in shadow. \"I think it's the Dark One.\" Agatha gasped, her heart beating in her chest. \"I can see you've heard of him,\" he said grimly. \"What would he want here?\" \"More importantly, what could he want with you?\" Gwaine mumbled. \"What?\" Agatha asked, just as she heard a voice that was not Gwaine's speak. \"Well, well, what have we here?\" She whipped around with a gasp. A shadowy figure was sitting in a corner. \"You've done well, Gwaine,\" the thing said. \"Who are you?\" Agatha asked \"I am Rumplestiltskin,\" the figure answered, as he leaned forward. \"I am the Dark One. Have you not heard of me, dearie?\" \"She has,\" Gwaine answered boldly. He stood up and brought his sword hissing out of its scabbard. \"Unless you want me to alert the camp, you will leave,\" he said darkly. Rumplestiltskin laughed. \"If you don't fulfill your deal, then you will be sorry, dearie. No one breaks a deal with me, and you know exactly what I came here for.\" He stood and startrd toward them. \"How do I know you won't hurt her?\" Gwaine asked. \"I always keep my word,\" he emphasized with a flourish. \"The Round Table awaits.\" \"Gwaine,\" Agatha stood, \"why?\" \"I'm sorry,\" Gwaine answered, then left. She saw a tear trickling down his cheek. \"What do you want?\" she asked, turning to face him. He gave a wicked grin, which looked ghastly in the firelight. \"I simply want my end of the bargain,\" the Dark One smiled, walking slowly around her. \"And it seems I got something far more precious.\" He reached out his hands (if one could call them so) and caressed her cheeks, cackling as she shuddered. She got the uncomfortable feeling that he could see right through to her soul. \"But I'm willing to give you one more year.\" He snapped his fingers, and a funnel of red smoke enveloped them. When it cleared, Agatha was standing in front of her cottage. She looked around, frightened. \"Gwaine?\" she called out. When there was no answer, she dashed into the cottage and shut the door.[Chapter 3] Agatha's grandmother pressed her for details until she felt the story as wrung out as a dry cloth. \"Oh, that horrible... creature, to think that he can take you away, even after...\" She fell silent. \"Grandmother?\" Agatha asked, edging closer to the well - worn rocking chair. \"What did he do to you?\" She rocked back and forth, her head in wrinkled hands. \"Not to me, child, but to your mother.\" She sighed heavily and looked up, her bright blue eyes bloodshot from crying. She clasped Agatha's hand in hers. \"It was some time ago, not long after your father was killed by bandits. Your mother was sick with grief, and she was desperate enough to ask him for help. He got revenge for your father, and in return,\" she teared up,\" he asked for her firstborn when the child had turned fourteen. Then he killed her for trying to steal from him.\" Her grandmother started sobbing. Agatha was shocked, but instead of grief, she felt a rage, subtle as a smoldering fire. Agatha frowned suddenly. She hadn't told anybody about her connection with Gwaine, nor had she seen him since Rumplestiltskin spared her for another year. Better now than never, she decided. \"Grandmother?\" \"Yes?\" She looked up again, bleary-eyed. \"What is it?\" \"When I had been taken by the the soldiers, I met this one...He called himself Gwaine. He watched over me during the night, and he was certainly different than any soldier.\" \"Agatha, you foolish child, what were you thinking?!\" \"But, Grandmother-\" \"What have I told you about men?They're only after one thing, especially that lot that toted you off-\" \"But, he's a knight, a noble one! He defended me from Rumplestiltskin!\" That got her attention. She stared up at Agatha, shocked. \"You were almost captured by that... monster ?\" \"I nearly was, but he let me go. Haven't you ever wondered why I was allowed to stay for another year?\" \"And this...Gwaine, stopped him?\" \"Nearly, but Rumplestiltskin said the Round Table awaited him, and he gave up fighting.\" Her grandmother was in a rage. \"How dare he? He's no more fit to be a knight than that scorcerer is to kiss my boots!\" \"Grandmother, it was his dream to be a knight!\" \"Oh yes, and being a knight that flees a fight when a lady's life is a stake will most definitely get him into King Arthur's court!\" \"But, Rumplestiltskin's the most powerful in the land! You can't really blame Gwaine.\" \"I can when the lady is my own granddaughter!\" The fight seemed to go out of her at last. She slumped back in her chair. \"What did Rumplestiltskin want?\" \"He wanted me to become his apprentice, and if I don't, he'll kill me,\" Agatha nearly sobbed with fear. \"But I have to go. I owe it to Mother's memory.\" \"I can't let you, Agatha. You're all I have left of your mother. I may never see you again!\" she cried, lurching up from her chair. \"But, he'll find me for sure, and he'll kill me or torture me, or hold me prisoner forever!\" she yelled. \"I just have to!\" A sudden change came over her. Her eyes became distant, her lids heavy. She placed her hands on Agatha's head. \"You have my blessing, Agatha.\" She sat in her chair, staring into the fire. \"Goodbye, Grandmother,\" Agatha said as she kissed her cloud of white hair. All that one could hear was the crackle of the fire, and the squeal of a door closing.[Chapter 4] A full moon sat hunched on the horizon, a silvery old man slowly shambling across the sky. Somewhere nearby, an owl hooted. Tendrils of mist snaked their way through the forest. Suddenly everything her mother said seemed true. Agatha drew her cloak around her, as if it could protect her from night terrors. Her thoughts went back to Gwaine, Rumplestiltskin, and the odd cast of characters that had visited her the past year. The night suddenly seemed alive with possibilities. One time, Agatha thought she could speak to animals. She could hear the trees whisper to the wind, and she would see sprites and forest people like her mother had told her about. If she truly had magic, what was to stop the Dark One from seeing it? H e said he'd meet me, but where? \"Are you lost, dearie?\" She flinched, and turned slowly around. \"Not at all. I was just confused as to where I was supposed to meet you.\" He smiled and crept closer. \"Then you have made your choice.\" He lunged forward suddenly and grabbed her wrist, then pulled her close, until their faces were mere inches apart. \"Just remember, dearie, I intend to have my prize, whether it is your life, or your services.\" Releasing her, he let out a cackle. Agatha was shaken, then took a hasty breath and tried to compose herself. \"Again, how could I be of any use to you? I'm not even sure I have magic.\" Rumplestiltskin leaned against a tree like he had all the time in the world. \"If you're not sure, then show me.\" Agatha tried to concentrate on anything but his predatory gaze. She closed her eyes and called on the power within her, channeling it where it wanted to go. She thrust her hand out, palm up. She opened her eyes, which glowed golden. A ball of fire appeared in her hand. Levitating a rock with her other hand, she brought the two together, sealing the fire inside. Then she drew it out and extinguished it. \"Interesting work, dearie,\" Rumplestiltskin stood and walked around her once, then stopped. \"An even rarer form of magic. However did you get it?\" Agatha straightened up and announced, \"I was born with it.\" \"And who was responsible for that inheritance? Your mother?\" \"No,\" she answered quietly. \"My father.\" \"How unfortunate,\" he said. Then he waved a hand. \"We shall continue your training tomorrow, when the sun's setting.\" He started along a trail, then looked back. \"Well?\" Agatha was confused. \"Where are we going?\" \"Why, to your new home, dearie,\" Rumplestiltskin cackled at the shock on her face. \"Did I not mention it was forever?\"[Chapter 5] Agatha had always been the most important thing to him. Even now, he watched her following a dark, shadowy something through the woods, occasionally looking around, trying to see a way out. She was frightened, that much he could tell. Her aura was a jumble of emotions, a web of thoughts, but the fear-scent won over all. He turned his attention to the thing she was following. It was human, alright, but there was something clouding about him. His aura was a void of darkness and magic, which he pulled about himself like a thick cloak. It was impossible to cleary read his aura, but there was one thing he could feel: trapped. The thing was trapped, a slave to the darkness that had taken root in him until it flourished into a far-reaching shadow that kept the surrounding land pinned by fear beneath his heel. He straightened up, looked quickly around, then continued following them at a distance, a silent, ever-watching shadow. ... Agatha kept her distance from Rumpelstiltskin. There was never a good ten or so paces between them. He moved in and out of the trees with a cat's stride, disappearing for some moments entirely as the shadows moved across his dark figure. She didn't dare run away. She had accepted the deal, and there was no turning back, but nevertheless she had a sense of ever-growing fear, like a deer in plain sight of the hunter. Suddenly a vision struck her, making itself known, though she, out of fear, had buried it in the deepest recesses of her mind. She could feel scaly hands stroking her face, and the voice that had haunted her every night for the past year. It seems I got something far more precious. What had he meant by that? Was it her ability? Would she ever know? That hateful voice jerked her out of her thoughts. \"Here we are,\" he grinned, waving a hand at a cottage overgrown with ivy, creepers, and all manner of vines. \"Make yourself at home, dearie.\" His reptilian eyes followed her as she strode past. She opened the door, muscles tensed for whatever horror or conjurer's trick that might leap out at her, but there was nothing. She peered around the door, then gasped in surprise. It was just a cottage both inside and out. She was shocked to find the most powerful sorcerer in all the realms living in a place that was so... human. A merry fire burned in the hearth at the back. There were a few tables around the perimeter of the room, and little bottles that looked like medicine were stored on it. As she wondered why the famed Dark One would need medicine, she saw that there were books of all sizes and scrolls stacked haphazardly against one wall. Then her attention got drawn to the table in the middle. A lamp burned, and it lit up a pile of black curls slumped next to it. A chair was occupied too. The pile turned over, and she saw the face of a boy about her age. He stirred as Agatha walked into the room, making the floorboards creak. There was another creak as Rumplestiltskin shut the door. \"Papa?\" He moaned and sat up, rubbing his neck with one hand, his black eyes blinking blearily. He looked at Agatha. \"Who's this?\" \"This is our new maid, Bae,\" Rumplestiltskin answered. \"I thought you were asleep, son.\" Agatha had been told nothing about being a maid, but really, what was the difference? She nodded silently. \"I was waiting for you,\" Bae answered. \"Very well. Get some sleep now.\" But Bae looked at Agatha. \"What about-\" \"I'll take care of her,\" Rumplestiltskin said, holding up a hand. Her heart pounded, and she tried to get the fear off her face, remove its clutching claws. \"Come with me, dearie,\" he gestured toward the door. Her eyes met his, and she felt he could see straight to her soul. She walked quickly through the door and looked around. Spotting a building even smaller than the cottage, she walked toward it a few steps, then turned. \"You'll sleep there tonight,\" he started to walk back, but then turned. \"And trust me, if you try to run,\" he reached out his hand and placed it on her neck, squeezing a bit to let her know who had the power, \"I'll know about it.\" Letting her go, he went back to the cottage. She ran to the building, found it full of straw, dimly remembered seeing a spinning wheel in one corner of the cottage, and cursed when she couldn't find a lock. Oh Gwaine, if only you were here. Removing her cloak, she draped it over the straw, and settled into a disturbed and troubled sleep. ... Her dreams were frightening, her sleep light. He passed a weary hand over his eyes. A battle was beginning, a battle between light and dark magic. He sighed. If only the Eldest were here. They would know how to fix things. But for now, he would have to be content just to watch her, and occasionally send her messages through the forest, and the animals. Soon she would discover her legacy. Soon she would become one of them. ... \"Wake up!\" A male voice was calling her name, and it wasn't Rumplestiltskin's. Agatha jerked upright and scrambled away when she felt a hand on her shoulder. \"It's okay! I'm not going to hurt you!\" It was the boy the Dark One called his son...Bae. \"How do I know you're not just like him?\" she snarled. \"Because I'm different. I just want him to change!\" He sat down in front of her. She could tell that he was being truthful. \"Do you have magic?\" she asked. \"No. Like I said, I'm different than he is. I just want my father back.\" He held out a hand. \"And it's Baelfire.\" She shook it. \"My name's Agatha.\" Then she was skeptical. \"What did he mean when he said, 'new maid'?\" Baelfire opened his mouth to answer, then she heard Rumplestiltskin's voice calling from the cottage. \"Bae! Where is she?\" She instinctively backed against the wall, feeling trapped yet again, despite her brave interactions with him in the past. \"Coming, Papa!\" He turned around to face her. \"He killed our last maid.\" Then suddenly he grabbed her hand, a desperate look in his eyes. \"You said you have magic?\" \"Yes, but I don't think it's powerful enough to bring him back.\" \"Then what are you doing here?\" he asked urgently. \"He's training me to become the new Dark One.\" \"Bae!\" \"Coming!\" He stood up, still holding her hand. \"We have to go, or he'll get suspicious, and I don't want him to hurt anybody else.\" \"You really think he can change?\" Agatha asked, pushing the door open. \"It's the only way,\" he answered stubbornly. \"Then I'll try to help you in any way I can,\" she said resolutely. \"On that you have my promise.\" ... Despite her training with Rumplestiltskin and her new tasks as his maid, Baelfire came every night to the straw-filled building, either out of pity or friendship, or both. She quickly got used to him coming and going. And he, in turn seemed to develop a friendly bond with her. \"This is getting out of hand,\" he said one night as he entered, a distant look in his eyes. \"He just gets worse and worse with each day!\" \"So I noticed, \" Agatha mused, leaning against a bale. \"I hate to tell you this, Bae-\" He leaned forward as he sat, his eyes not quite focused. \"What is it, Agatha?\" \"-I don't think he'll ever change,\" she whispered. Baelfire snapped his head up to look at her, his eyes blazing. \"No! He has to! Part of him is still good!\" \"I know that, and you know that too! It's just that! You're the reason he doesn't give in, at least not completly! Don't you see?! He does it for you!\" \"Don't you think I would know that by now?! He tells me so nearly every single time I bring it up! He collects all the power he can because he wants to protect me!\" He slumped forward onto the straw, trembling hands pressed against his face. \"Believe it or not, he wasn't always like this,\" he mumbled through his fingers. \"When he got the power by killing the Dark One before him, he wanted to use it for good. He stopped the Ogre Wars, and brought all the children home. But then it was like the power was controlling him instead of the other way around.\" \"And then he started changing,\" Agatha said solemnly. \"Yes.\" \"So what are we going to do?\" \" You aren't going to do anything. Not yet, at least.\" \"Baelfire, please,\" she said, clasping his hand. \"I want to help.\" He sighed, resting his chin on his fists. \"Keep training with him and see if you can find a way. There may be someone who can help us.\" \"Who?\" \"The faeries. They'll know how to bring him back.\" \"But, Rumplestiltskin's the most powerful sorcerer in all the realms! My grandmother told me so!\" \"Parents lie,\" Baelfire said, looking at her. This time he was focused. \"I should know.\" \"But who will go and look for them? Your father rarely leaves you, and I must stay here. My life depends on it.\" \"Your life will be a short and miserable one if we don't do something!\" \"But the Blue Fairy-\" \"I wasn't talking about her.\" \"Then who-\" Then it hit her. Her ability, her inheritance, no Blue Fairy was responsible for that... \"Have you heard of the Darkling Forest?\" Baelfire asked. \"Yes, but that's leagues from here, on the other side of the mountains!\" \"But that's where the Darcotta are!\" \"But they're monsters! Bae, you must be joking.\" He stood and began pacing, then turned back to her with a look akin to a smile. \"I won't be going there, and neither will you, but I think I know just the person we can send...\"[Chapter 6] \"What ails you, dearie?\" Agatha's hands shook with the strain of the force that moved through her. She turned her face away from the Dark One. \"Nothing.\" \"Then stop thinking! That is not how magic works.\" He placed himself beside her and eased his arms up to her shoulders, sending shivers creeping down her back. \"Magic is created through emotion.\" His long, scaly fingers moved down her shoulders and she shivered, gooseflesh prickling her arms. Fear coursed through her at the sight of his hand moving across her skin. Here she was, a peasant maid, and the darkest of all conjurers was her mentor and captor! Her fingertips tingled, and she felt her eyes light. \"Good work tonight, dearie!\" Rumplestiltskin whispered in her ear. She moved away from him as she surveyed the fire she had encased in water. She rubbed her shoulders, trying to wipe away the chill that always seemed to accompany him. Then Agatha looked at him, and was rewarded with a cold smile, ghastly as always. His face sent her sprinting to the straw building. ... \"Agatha?\" \"Hmmm?\" She looked into Baelfire's concerned face. \"Is something wrong?\" His brown eyes, willing her conscience forward, jarred her into speech. \"Oh Bae, your father...he's just so frightening!\" \"It's alright. He made a deal with your mother. He won't harm you.\" \"You actually trust him?\" \"I trust him to keep his word,\" he said. He passed a hand over his forehead. \"If there's one thing that's trustworthy about Papa, he always does what he promises.\" Agatha decided to change the subject, since she could see she was treading on dangerous grounds. \"Have you sent him the message?\" \"If anyone can do this, it's a knight,\" he answered. He smiled at her. \"Especially your knight in shining armor.\" ... Agatha had trouble going to sleep, and the lute didn't help. It sounded as loud as if the player was in the shack with her, but at the same time far away. Its haunting melody, lonely and sad, kept worming its way through her brain as she tossed and turned, trying to force it out, plug her ears, etc. But it was persistent, and at last she threw off her cloak and tiptoed to the door. She pulled and pulled, but it wouldn't budge. She knew it didn't have a lock, so she figured Rumplestiltskin had put a spell on it. Something compelled her to hum the tune with the unknown artist, and miraculously after a few bars, the door opened. She snuck out, shut the door quietly, and started toward the sound. Soon she came upon a lady, not five years older than herself, sitting on a stone in a small clearing playing a lute. Agatha found herself drawn forward, as did the crowd of assorted animals gathered at the lady's feet, sitting around the folds of her midnight-blue dress. When the music ended, the animals scattered, and the lady turned toward Agatha. She had night-black hair that hung down her back in long waves, and an angular face, dark blue eyes, and pointed ears, not unlike Agatha herself. \"Greetings, Agatha.\" \"You know me?\" Agatha was unsettled at the thought of this charmer knowing her. \"But of course,\" she replied. She held out the lute. \"You were drawn to this, were you not?\" \"Yes,\" she answered. \"How did you know I would be?\" The lady laughed. \"You may call me Serina. And I know about your passion for music because I know you.\" Agatha gasped. \"My mother had that name, and yet, you look much like her...\" \"My dear, don't you see?\" She laughed, and the sound was music itself. \"I am your mother.\" ... Agatha stood there, not bothering to name the emotions that raced through her. \"But my mother's dead! Rumplestiltskin killed her!\" \"Oh, that old fool,\" Serina waved her hand dismissively. \"So your grandmother said. Oh no, Agatha, contrary to your belief, I am very much alive.\" \"But, how? If you are her, how did you survive?\" \"It's quite simple, actually. Magic can often become a web, a trap for its master. Since that serpent has become ensnared, he may think that he is controlling it, but the power is controlling him. He had already gone too far when he tried to kill me, and he very nearly succeeded. But,\" Serina said, \"I belong to the Faeries, and their magic is more than a match for him.\" She stood up and moved to stand beside Agatha, half a head taller than she was. Slipping an arm around her shoulders, she led Agatha to the stump on which she had perched. \"Now, Agatha, tell me, I can see the Mark on you. You have been touched by darkness, my child.\" \"Rumplestiltskin took me as his apprentice,\" Agatha said, shivering as the memories returned. \"And how are you doing as his maid?\" Agatha looked at her mother incredulously. \"You knew about that?\" \"Oh, yes. The Faeries have always been watching you.\" Her head whipped around at a crack in a nearby bush. \"Speaking of whom...\" She marched over to the bush, reached inside, fished around, and dragged out a whimpering boy by the ear, a few years older than herself. \"Ow ow ow ow OW!\" Seeming indifferent to his protests, Serina dumped him unceramoniously at Agatha's feet. \"Well, your highness, as first impressions go, you can't get any better than this,\" he complained, rubbing his ear. He sprang to his feet and made a graceful bow. \"Nyx, at your service, Lady Agatha.\" \"He always was a charmer,\" Serina murmured. \"Explain yourself, Nyx.\" His mouth hung open and he put a hand on his chest, looking insulted. \"Why, my lady, I was merely making sure your daughter was safe all this time, especially with the Dark One! But what do I get for my troubles? A pinching and a dirty rump! Hmph! You should be thankful indeed, what with that Rumplestiltskin prowling about!\" \"Just how much did you hear?\" When Nyx didn't answer, she raised her hand and started muttering a spell. \"Alright, I'll talk! All of it. That's the truth, it is, seeing as I don't want to be a mouse again. Most humiliating!\" he said, brushing himself off. \"That it is. And thank you for being honest with me, Nyx.\" Serina turned to Agatha. \"This young man has been entrusted with the task of keeping you safe from harm, Agatha. I trust he's fulfilled his purpose?\" Now that she thought about it, Agatha did remember feeling a presence nearby all her life. \"Yes, he did,\" she answered. Looking at Nyx's slender frame and smooth black hair, she thought he was handsome indeed. \"There, you see? The lady says so!\" \"Maybe you can come with us, as long as you have time before he notices,\" Serina said, turning to Agatha. She looked at the sky. It was getting light. \"I really mustn't,\" she said sadly. \"But maybe I can come tomorrow night?\" ... Storybrooke Vivian took a deep breath and blew. Her long fingers moved quickly over the keys as the music, sad and lonely, spilled out the bell. Each note wrapped around her soul, compelling her to play a little louder. With the final note left ringing in the air, she packed up her clarinet, humming the tune she had played. ... Vivian had always been an odd girl. She had pointy ears, and an angular face, so when she had read the Lord of the Rings she had often fantasized that she was an elf, like those in Middle-Earth. She had also been found abandoned at the side of a highway, with no property to call her own but the battered clarinet case that had been found with her, and when no one had claimed her, her mother had been pronounced dead. She had spent fifteen years wondering if her mother and father loved her, regretted leaving her, or if they even lived. So here she was, an orphan in a strange but small town called Storybrooke, with nothing to call her own but the clarinet and an old notebook she had borrowed from the fifth grade teacher, Mary Margaret. She sighed as she made her way to Granny's Diner. ... \"Hello, Vivian,\" Granny said, welcoming her in an embrace. \"Hey, Granny,\" she said as she walked to a booth and sat down, placing her clarinet beside her. Taking out her notebook, she wrote a few sentences before she sensed something. Looking up, she saw a young man with black hair and coat staring at her. She smiled politely as he sat in the booth across from her. \"Whatcha writing?\" he asked. \"A story about a better place,\" she answered, glancing up. \"Why?\" He made a visual inspection of her belongings, then shook his head. \"Is that all you have, kid?\" \"My name's Vivian, and yes it is, Mr-\" \"August. Just August,\" he replied, glancing at her book. \"You like to write?\" \"Yes. Why?\" \"Well,\" he leaned forward, \"I just happen to be a writer myself.\" \"You have a job here?\" \"You know, you ask a lot of questions, Vivian. I don't have a job here, but I have a place I can do it. And really, the only requirement of having a dream...\" \"...is believing in it,\" she finished. \"My English teacher told me.\" \"Your teacher's wise,\" he commented. He held out a hand. \"Would you mind if I edit it for you? Being a fellow writer, I think it's best if you let people know about your work, rather than hide it.\" Vivian held it close. \"But it's not finished!\" August laughed. \"All the more reason for me to edit it! The least I could do is give you some pointers.\" \"Fine,\" she said at last, pressing it into his hand. ... As Vivian made her way to the little cabin in the woods she called home, she thought about August, and about the people of Storybrooke in general. Most people avoided her, and she had precious little friends in high school. When she thought about the town, there were only three places she found intreresting. The library, where she regularly devoured books by climbing in through a boarded up window, the alley, where she ususlly played music, and Mr. Gold's pawn shop. This last one, oddly enough, she felt right at home in. Mr. Gold was rarely there, and if he was, he didn't show himself. She felt like she stepped into another world when she paid her regular visits. The trinkets, lamps like genies were kept in, and the million other odds and ends kept her amused for hours on end. Often she would bring her notebook, make a list of things she liked, then brought it back to her cabin to incorporate them into her stories. In the past year, she had gotten more courageous, despite what people said about him, until she worked up the nerve to enter, like an unlikely knight entering a dragon lair. ... She was in the middle of jotting down a list in the pawn shop when she heard a wry voice say, \"I've already done inventory, Miss Vivian.\" She turned around, trying not to flinch. You'd think you'd hear him coming. She just smiled and said, \"Please excuse me, Mr. Gold. This is just for some work I do.\" He walked around the counter and stood a few paces from her, smirking. \"And what manner of work would that be, dearie?\" \"I'm a writer. Well, I plan to be,\" she replied nervously. \"And you use my displays for what, exactly?\" Mr. Gold leaned on his cane, twisting it in his fingers. \"For inspiration,\" she answered, her eyes on the cane. \"I see,\" he replied, looking her up and down. \"I would think you get enough from the woods, or perhaps those books you borrow.\" He looked at her face intently. \"How did you know?\" Vivian was taken aback. \"Well, dearie, this is a small town. News travels fast, and it isn't long before I hear of it. And you,\" he chuckled darkly, \"your beloved teacher told me everything. She was particularly intent on your love of reading and music. One look at the library, and it isn't hard to put two and two together.\" \"You mean-\" \"Considering the fact that if she hadn't told me, I would have cut off the money going into your education, and she couldn't bear to see that happen.\" \"And you wanted to know this because-?\" \"You see, dearie, breaking and entering into a building is a crime. So, under law, I am authorized to turn you in.\" \"Wait, turn me in? But I haven't done anything wrong!\" she snapped. \"Wrong as in having an illegal residence outside of town? Wrong as in breaking and entering for the past year?\" \"I'll quit hanging around your shop, if that's what you mean,\" Vivian replied. \"I meant that you should go back where you came from,\" Gold said. \"Don't we all want that?\" Vivian shot back. \"Who are we talking about?\" Vivian turned around and came face to face with August. He had an almost concerned look in his eyes as he glanced between her and Mr. Gold. \"Nothing that concerns you, Mr. Booth,\" Gold replied cooly. \"Business?\" August asked with a hint of accusation in his voice. \"Do you happen to know this girl?\" Gold gestured to Vivian. August appeared to be struggling with himself mentally, but then he answered, \"I do know her. Why?\" \"She has broke into the library for the past year, and she has been using an illegal residence out of town.\" \"I didn't take anything! And I brought the books back! As for living in that cabin, it's better than being in the foster system!\" she protested. \"I am truly sorry, Miss Vivian, but it's for the best,\" Mr. Gold said with false sympathy. \"Or,\" August said, pondering, \"she could come stay with me.\" \"Mr. Booth, I appreciate your concern for Miss Vivian, but this is a matter of personal business,\" Gold said. \"She should be taken to the sheriff right away.\" \"I'll walk her down, and let the sheriff decide,\" August said, hustling Vivian out the door. Vivian looked back with real fear at Mr. Gold. He smirked and watched her until the door closed. ... ","Summary":" Before he came, everything was peaceful. Before he came, everything was normal. Before he came, she"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"I'm Not Moving","Author":"Sunflowerrei","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10212747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Once or the musical Once or any of the songs written by The Script, clearly. This is purely for entertainment purposes, based on an idea that my friend and I riffed out while cutting through the crowd in Times Square after seeing Once the musical. Part One All of his belongings fit into one backpack. That, and his beat up guitar case, was all the guy took with him to New York. His girlfriend—ex-girlfriend, girlfriend again?—lived in a fourth floor walkup in a place called Woodside. \"It's not very big,\" she said, waving her arm around the biggest room, which the guy could walk across in five steps. She walked forward, bumping into him. \"Whoa! Um, well, kitchen there. Bathroom there. Bedroom there. Not much to it.\" He nodded, taking in her bare surroundings. \"It'll do, right?\" She nodded. \"So,\" they said at the same time, sitting on her tiny, tiny couch. She said, \"I'm really glad you're here. I have friends from work and stuff, but it's kind of lonely here.\" \"How's work, then?\" She shrugged. \"It's work. It's a busy shop. The customers couldn't understand me at first, but I'm getting better. You still got that old thing?\" She pointed to the guitar case. \"Same guitar? It hasn't cracked?\" \"It's got some wear and tear. But it's a clear sound. Worked on Grafton Street.\" He unzipped a pocket on the case and pulled out the demo. \"Made this, with help from me mates. Demo. You wanna have a listen?\" She nodded, holding her hands out for the CD. She put it on her old CD player and pressed play. There were a half-dozen songs on there. The Guy watched anxiously as she listened. Surely she must know that those songs were written about her, in his anguish, anger and frustration. \"That's a grand tune,\" she commented after \"Falling Slowly.\" She reacted to each song, closing her eyes when he hit a particular run, mouthing the lyrics on the last chorus on another song, nodding along to the beat of \"When Your Mind's Made Up.\" The last song was the one the girl wrote the lyrics for—she insisted it be called \"If You Want Me\" after he insisted they record it. He now knew that she wrote the words for her husband. Was he already in Dublin? Were they getting along? Did she like the piano? \"Oh, whose this?\" His girlfriend asked, hearing the girl's voice singing. \"A mate,\" he finally replied. # # # Every morning, the girl woke up, checked on Ivanka, brushed her teeth, made a cup of tea (her husband complained that she was taking on the Irish obsession with tea), and played scales at the upright piano. There was barely any space in the living room for it, but she burst with pride everytime she saw it. At the start of the day, she played for a few minutes—Mendelssohn, maybe. When she returned from a long day of trying to sell flowers in Dublin city center, she made another cup of tea and with Ivanka on her lap, played silly songs—childhood songs she remembered, lullabies and nursery rhymes. In the evening, she played his songs. At night, when she slept, melodies and chords swam through her head. She heard a simple tune swell into a chorus. She heard lots of drums. She heard his voice. His voice was, as the Irish said, lovely. But as much as she played, she never wrote a lyric or a note down. She tried, but the others would start arguing about Suzanne off Fair City . Or her husband would stand next to her and talk about something—about his day at the immigration office or the English classes he took twice a week at nightschool or, a week later, about his day at the unemployment office. For all that he and she were getting along at the moment, they couldn't afford to have him not work. As soon as he was able to find a job, she urged him to. The only job he might be able to get was being the janitor at the local primary school, because there, at least, he wouldn't have to know much English. \"Then take it,\" she told him one night after he interruped her. \"Take the job. It's not forever.\" \"But a janitor ?\" She inhaled. \"But at least it's a job, isn't it?\" He sighed. One night, as she was playing \"Falling Slowly,\" though her mind was somewhere else, he said: \"But you never told me where the piano came from.\" She hit a sour note. \"Billy's shop, of course. I introduced you to him last week, remember?\" \"That big bearded man? Yes. But how did it get here? This is a new piano.\" \"A mate got it for me,\" she replied, in English. Her husband's English was still poor. Ivanka, at two years old, had more English than he did. Switching back to Czech, she said, \"We played music together. I helped him record a demonstration CD. This was a thank-you present.\" \"Very expensive.\" Her conscience was clear on this count. Nothing had happened between her and the guy, after all. She had made sure of it. She continued playing, but switched to a safer song. \"Oh!\" One of the lads called from near the TV. \"That song is deadly! I love U2.\"[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Obviously don't own Once the musical or Once the movie and I don't claim to. Part Two \"So are how things then?\" The guy asked into the phone, leaning against the small desk in the tiny main room. \"Oh, they're grand,\" Da replied, voice crackling over the line. \"Shop's doing well.\" \"And Barushka?\" \"Grand.\" \"Well, grand,\" the guy said. They fell silent for a few beats. \"I've been playing gigs here and there. Open mics and such.\" He didn't mention that the last gig had been at a snooty coffee shop in Brooklyn, where the other musicians played endless pseudo-folk music. It was open mic night and so, he'd not earned money. He wasn't sure when the next gig would be. \"Ah. And how is herself then?\" Da asked. \"She's well. Working long hours, you know. Holiday season. Comes home cross.\" \"Getting on, you two?\" \"We are,\" the guy said, tapping his fingers. \"Wrote some new songs. Sent copies of the demo out to managers and record labels. We'll see what comes of it.\" \"Aye. Oh! I saw your girl the other day.\" \"And how is she doing?\" The guy asked with real interest. \"Strong as ever. Showed me her new piano. Lovely. The baby's getting big, too.\" \"I'm sure. She can't be selling flowers on Grafton Street in this season.\" \"Ah, no. Billy gave her a job in his shop.\" \"Oh! Well, that's grand!\" That was grand, bloody great. Surely Billy paid her more than selling flowers on the street and she would be surrounded by music. Plus, the girl could sell just about anything. She was better than some club promoters the guy had come across in his time. He and Da hung up not long after. The guy returned to his guitar and his girlfriend's computer. He opened up a webpage and smiled a little. Falling Slowly -252 listens Leave -252 listens When Your Mind's Made Up -175 listens Gold- -150 listens Least someone was listening. When the weather was still nice, he set up with his guitar case on street corners and in parks. Made a decent amount, more than he had in Grafton Street. The tourists threw money in his case because they thought they had to. Women gave him their change from Starbucks because they heard his accent. Americans thought the accent was \"cute,\" so he used it to his advantage whenever he could. The accent was how he got the job at Crumbs Bakery last month, for starters. His manager claimed that it was \"charming.\" His bartending job was more easily come by—and also because of his accent, though in a different sense. The pub was downton and it was the kind of the wood-paneled, dark, whiskey-serving place he remembered from Ireland. The customers were mostly Irish immigrants like him. He shut the computer down and shuffled through some papers, scraps of chords and notes and lyrics scrawled across each of them. There was one that had some promise when he worked on it yesterday. Once, once Knew how to talk to you Once, once But not anymore He heard the door unlock then swing open. \"Hi, love,\" he said. The door closed. He looked up from the paper and saw his girlfriend pull off her puffy winter coat and throw it on the chair. She toed her shoes off, grimacing. \"Tough night?\" She pulled off her silly woolen hat, her brown hair stuck straight up with static, and shook her head. \"You don't even know. I had this bitch of a customer. Jesus! It's not my bloody fault that she forgot her store credit card, is it? She just went off. Fuckin' eejit.\" \"Did you eat? There's Chinese takeaway left over.\" She shrugged, sinking onto the couch. \"I'm more tired than hungry. I thought you were working tonight.\" \"This morning at Crumbs. Tomorrow at the pub.\" \"Oh.\" She let out a yawn. \"Talked to Da. He says everything is grand.\" \"I haven't talked to my Mam in a bit,\" she said. \"I miss Ireland. It's all hard graft here.\" \"It's hard in Dublin, too.\" \"I know. But it's home. Came here to get some adventure, to be independent.\" \"Away from me.\" \"Away from what I'd done,\" she corrected him. \"I ought to get to bed. My shift starts at nine forty-five tomorrow morning.\" She peeled herself off the couch and into the bedroom. # # # \"It has a beautiful sound when played,\" the girl said to a choosy customer. \"It's not a Fender, I know, but it's better than that! Less expensive! Same sound! Good for you, no?\" The customer eventually agreed with her and bought the guitar. Billy, standing in the corner, shook his head at her, smiling. \"You're a beast, my dear.\" The bell above the door chimed again. She turned to greet the customer and her vague smile turned into a real one because it was Eamon from the studio. \"Hi Billy!\" Eamon said. \"Oh! Hello!\" \"Hello! How are you?\" \"I'm well. I've got a session musician who needs guitar strings. Have you got any?\" Billy went to the wall and pulled off packages of guitar strings. Eamon took three packets. \"Grand. Thanks. Hey,\" he said to the girl. \"I might need a piano player for a session. Would you like to do something like that?\" She hesitated. She was quite good on the piano now, even better now that she had the piano at home. The recording session had been fun, but it was fun because she had engineered it. It was fun because she had picked up this busker, ready to throw his guitar and his life away, and they had made beautiful music together. \"It pays pretty well per hour per session,\" Eamon was saying. \"Can you read music?\" \"Yes.\" \"Good! Would you like to try it? Just every so often.\" She had chided the guy, months ago now, for giving up on his music so easily. She practiced every day, in the shop and at home, but who heard her, besides her mother and child and flatmates? She was a damn good pianist and money on the side would only help. So she accepted Eamon's offer.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own Once . Chapter Three \"I don't understand,\" his girlfriend said for the billionth time as they walked home from the elevated subway after one of his gigs. \"Look, it's not that I don't support your music. I think you're wonderful. I don't know why you're hawking a CD you made full of songs about me .\" \"Because they're good songs!\" He exclaimed. \"One of the fellas there came up to me and told me he appreciated the passion and rawness behind 'em.\" \"Ugh. Passion and rawness don't pay the bills.\" \"I pay the bloody bills!\" He snapped. \"Two jobs, the gigs and the busking…\" She shook her head. \"It's not enough!\" \"We are doing our best,\" he said, turning to see that the street was clear of traffic. He crossed over. \"You're not doing it right! How come no one's signed you? No scouts come to see you?\" \"Oh, my God! You're blaming me because large corportations haven't taken notice of me? Are you daft?\" She threw her arms in the air. \"Isn't that the point of a demo? Or am I getting it wrong again?\" \"What is your problem?\" He simply asked. \"Jesus.\" He led her down their quiet, dark block, his guitar case hanging on his shoulder. \"Aidan called,\" she finally said when they were three steps away from their building door. \"Oh. What did he want then?\" \"A chat. He's in London now. Manages an art gallery.\" He reached for his key, opened the door, held the door for her to step through. They began the trek up the four flights of stairs. \"Good for him.\" \"Don't be jealous.\" \"You criticize the way I'm going about my music—which you know is the most important thing in the world to me—and then you say that the bloke you cheated on me with has some smart job in London. No, no jealously here.\" He unlocked the door to their tiny flat. She stomped off to the bathroom. He slept on the couch that night. # # # Eamon introduced her to the other musicians—all quite scary-looking wannabe rock stars. She was given music to play on the keyboard. After a rehearsal, she felt she had it down. It was only a simple riff, not Mozart. \"Hey,\" she heard the lead guitarist say to the drummer, \"you seen the last episode of Fair City ? Isn't Suzanne completely mental?\" She smiled. The session was some five hours long. At the end Eamon gave her her check for the session, which she carefully tucked into her purse. When she walked into her flat, she heard shouting. She expected Svec and Andrei to be arguing with Reza over Suzanne's fate yet again or perhaps a football game. Instead she found her mother holding Ivanka and gesturing wildly while shouting at her husband. \"What's going on?\" The girl cut in. \"Your husband had the nerve to take money from the can!\" The girl raised a hand to her forehead. \"How much did he take from the can?\" \"Enough!\" Barushka said. \"That money is for emergencies. In case someone gets sick or we need a doctor for Ivanka. And what did he take it for?\" \"What did you take it for?\" Her husband threw his hands in the air. \"I'll tell you,\" her mother continued. \"The pub!\" \"Do you still have the money?\" The girl asked. \"I earned some of it. It's not a big deal if I want to go to the pub and have a pint.\" She may have taken on the Irish obsession with tea, but he had taken on the Irish obsession with the drink. \"I agree. Just don't take the money from the can,\" the girl ruled. \"I haven't got a bank card, have I? Can't just go to the ATM and take out cash!\" He exclaimed. \"I am ignoring you now,\" Barushka said to him. The girl took Ivanka from her mother and carried her into the living room. \"Also, I am going out tonight.\" \"Oh? With who?\" The girl called out, sitting on the piano bench. Ivanka pressed on the keys. \"With the hoover man,\" Barushka said. The girl smiled in thought at the quiet, kind old man who now lived alone above the hoover shop. She resolved to visit him soon. Her mother left a half-hour later. The girl was teaching Ivanka \"Three Blind Mice\" on the piano. Ivanka's chubby little fingers on the keys made the girl both laugh and tear up. \"What'll you do for dinner?\" Her husband asked. \"I suppose we could warm up the stew from last night.\" \"I don't want that.\" \"Then go down to the chippie on the next street and bring two orders back while I give Ivanka a bath, please.\" Suddenly the vinegary taste of fish and chips seemed perfect. \"With what? You don't want me to spend money from the can, remember?\" He went into their cramped bedroom and didn't come out for the rest of the night. The next day, when the girl went to get her recording session check cashed, she didn't bring home the money. Instead, she bought Ivanka a new pair of shoes and used the remainder at the chippie for her lunch.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't own Once or The The Script song \"The Man Who Can't Be Moved.\" Chapter Four The guy logged in to the website, his fingers tapping out the login information as deftly as they played his guitar. The computer was secondhand, old and slow as hell, but it still worked and working at Best Buy the last four months had taught him how to program the bloody thing so he could make scratch recordings of his songs. That first, magical demo CD was on the internet, on a website that sold independent music. Five people ordered his CD on its first day listed. That was two months ago. He was still unsigned, but with a better understanding of how to go about finding a following. He made short videos of himself singing and put them up on YouTube. He had a Facebook fan page. His EP, the demo CD, had just gotten on iTunes and he hoped that he would see some profit there. His studio apartment was lonely, but at least it was quiet. His beat up guitar was his best friend. He and his ex argued constantly, as they had in Ireland. He was sad to find that his girlfriend who had seemed so in love with him and been enthralled by his songwriting and playing when they first began going out in secondary school turned out to be a person who was going in such a different direction. So they broke up. Now to craft new songs. He had four, so far: \"Once,\" \"Trying to Pull Myself Away,\" \"Lies\" and \"All the Way Down.\" They were about his ex-girlfriend again. He'd eaten Ramen noodles for two weeks in order to save enough to have a two-hour session in a recording studio to finish the four songs. One more song would complete the EP. His fingers strummed the guitar absently. He hit a riff he liked. Where could this one go? It sounded better if it started slower. He changed the key. That was better. It was a touch melancholy, which suited his empty flat and his existence at present. He hummed the melody for the next three days. He was playing on the corner of 42nd Street when the words \"Going back to the corner where I first saw you\" flashed into his mind. He strummed. Going back to the corner where I first saw you/ Gonna camp in my sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move. A young woman stopped in front of him. \"That's really pretty.\" He stopped playing the same riff over and over, remembering that he was on the street. This was not the place to figure out a song. \"Uh, thanks.\" The young woman smiled. \"You're Irish.\" He grinned. \"I am.\" She nodded. \"Is that from a song?\" \"Not yet.\" \"You should totally write more,\" she said. Then she pulled a twenty from her wallet and dropped into his guitar case. \"Well, have a nice day.\" She walked away. # ## The girl sat on the stairwell of her building, folding in on herself. There was an argument, a horrible loud fight that made Ivanka cry. She couldn't even remember what the fight was about anymore or how it started. But they said mean things to each other. They hadn't been getting along recently. It was the same problem that always plagued them. They were just different. Once, they had been able to reconcile their differences. He had a lot of pride while she tried to make those around her happy. She was willing to work low-paying jobs, as long as she could provide for Ivanka. Beggars can't be choosers, the Irish said, and it was the truth. Her husband didn't understand her music. They both changed while they were apart. So the girl sat on the stairs and wept into her hands. They couldn't go on like this. Reza came out of the flat and sat on the stairs beside her. Reza said, \"What are you going to do?\" \"I don't know.\" \"Either stay with him and live like this or divorce him and let him go back.\" The girl nodded. \"Yeah. Reza, I don't know what to do.\"[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own Once or The The Script song \"The Man Who Can't Be Moved.\" Chapter Five The song was finished. The guy pressed a few keys on his computer and listened to the playback. This was a more restrained song that any of his past ones. It was less morose as well. The guy supposed he was moving on from his ex-girlfriend, which was good. But if he was moving on from her, what would he write about now? Going back to the corner where I first saw you Gonna camp in my sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move Got some words on cardboard, got your picture in my hand Saying, \"If you see this girl, can you tell her where I am?\" Some try to hand me money, but they don't understand I'm not broke, I'm just a broken-hearted man I know it makes no sense, but what else can I do? And how can I move on when I'm still in love with you? 'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we meet And you'll see me waiting for you on the corner of street So I'm not moving I'm not moving The guy listened to the song all the way through. There were no other instruments except his voice and his guitar. It could use some drums and maybe another guitar or a bass or something, but even this plain acoustic version packed some power to it. It only took him a few days after the first lyrics flashed into his mind to have it all worked out. It sounded poppier that his other songs. But who was the song about? He wouldn't sleep out on a corner for his ex-girlfriend, not now. Maybe back in Dublin he would've. The girl. Would he? After everything she'd done for him? Yes. He was absolutely certain he would do something as outlandish as sleeping out in front of her building, if he could win her. But she had her husband and they were working things out and really, had there been anything there besides their shared passion for music? There was. They exchanged stories and opened themselves up to the other. He liked her, was confused by her, charmed by her. \"A married woman? Really, mate?\" On an impulse, he surfed to Babelfish. What the hell was it that she said to him when they stood by the shore? He knew it was important by the way she said it, but he didn't understand Czech. It sort of sounded like \"miluju\" something. What was the second word? Started with a \"T.\" He typed in the first word, unsure how to spell it. Several links were on the screen. He clicked on the first one. Czech phrases. Miluju Tebe —I love you \"Shite.\" He glanced at the clock, calculated the time difference. Da would still be up. He reached for the phone and called his father. \"Hey!\" Reza called across the room. \"Look!\" The girl came into the living room, holding Ivanka's hand. \"What?\" Reza turned the volume up on the TV. The girl heard a familiar reporter's voice off RTE narrating. \"…The song went up in iTunes only three weeks ago and it has already filled the popularity bar. The poignant song was written and recorded independently by an Irish singer and he is surprised at just how popular the song is becoming…\" A man appeared on the screen. The girl gasped, nearly jumping. Reza pointed to the TV and said, \"Your Irish man!\" \"Shhh!\" He was speaking: \"I was in New York, writing songs, and only having a bit more success than I'd had back home. I was busking near Bryant Park when the first line of the song came into my head and it really wrote itself after that…\" \"People seem to see it as a hopeful love or break up song, don't they?\" The reporter asked. \"Yeah, they seem to,\" the guy replied. \"It's a simple little song about a steadfast guy who waits for his love to come back and find him.\" \"There's plenty more where that came from, by the way. His two EPs are available on iTunes and and there is a full-length album in the works. For now, this talenter singer/songwriter is back home in Dublin after some time away.\" \"'I'm looking forward to being back home for a bit.\" \"Did you write this song for anybody in particular?\" \"Em,\" the guy said, with a little half-smile. \"No comment.\" Reza jumped up. \"You!\" The girl shook her head. \"Me?\" \"Yes, you. He wrote it for you.\" \"No, no,\" the girl protested. \"It's probably for his girlfriend. Or for nobody. Songs fall out the sky sometimes.\" \"Oh, and sure,\" Reza replied in a very Irish tone. \"But my God! Irish man on the telly!\" The girl grinned. \"I know! I wonder if his Da knows!\" \"Fair play to you, man,\" Eamon said to the guy. \"You could've stayed in New York or gone to London to record an entire album.\" \"I wanted to be home, though,\" the guy replied. \"You've got session players that can be a backing band, haven't ya?\" \"Yeah. Your Czech friend is my session piano player. Bloody brilliant.\" \"She is? Oh, that'd be great. Haven't seen her since I left for New York.\" With studio time assured, the guy went on the next step of his journey for the day. He was in front of Billy's store. He bought some guitar strings off Billy, who told him, \"I saw you on the telly!\" \"Not bad, eh?\" The guy replied, paying for the strings. \"When does she get in for work?\" \"Who? Oh! 'Round about four.\" He set up his guitar case with a card inside that said: No money here, please. Then he began to play \"The Man Who Can't Be Moved,\" singing as loudly as he could manage. At first, the people ignored him. When he finished, then began singing a cover, a few people looked his way. He interspersed covers with his own songs for a while, then checked the time. Two to four. Where was she? He started the introduction of \"The Man Who Can't Be Moved\" again, dragging it on for a few measures. A couple people stopped to look, curious. He heard one lady say to her friend, \"I think I saw him on the telly today!\" \"Going back to the corner where I first saw you/ Gonna camp in my sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move,\" he sang, keeping his eyes peeled for her. \"Got some words on cardboard, got your picture in my hand/ Saying if you see this girl, can you tell her where I am?/ Some try to hand me honey, but they don't understand/ I'm not broke, I'm just a broken-hearted man/ I know it makes no sense…\" She was walking down the street. She was almost at the storefront. Bloody hell! \"But what else can I do?/ How can I move on when I'm still in love with you?\" He stretched that out, adding a run or two. Turn round. Turn round. \"'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me/ And you heart starts to wonder where on earth I can be/ Thinking maybe you'll come back to the place that we meet/ And you'll see me waiting for you on the corner of the street…\" She was nearly at Billy's door and she hadn't turned around. Was she listening to something? Did she not recognize his voice? He put more power into \"I'm not moving.\" Finally, she turned her head quickly in his direction. She stopped, turned more fully. He kept singing, a silly grin coming across his face as the girl's jaw dropped. The small crowd applauded when he finished. They dispersed after a few minutes, after he told them that he'd be playing in one of the tiny clubs nearby the next night. She stayed in her place. \"Hello,\" he called. She stormed forward, a hand digging in her pocket. She stopped and held out her hand. \"Here,\" she said. \"Five euros.\" \"Keep your money,\" he told her. \"Have dinner with me?\" \"I—but I,\" she turned to look at the store. Billy stood in the doorway, both thumbs up. The girl turned back. \"Then, yes.\" She cocked her head. \"Maybe a little hanky-panky after?\" \"Da said he went back.\" \"He did. We are divorced.\" She grinned. \"I'm a divorcee.\" \"Scandalous.\" He returned the guitar to its case, closed it, and picked it up. \"Let's go.\" He held out his hand and she took it and off they walked down Grafton Street to their own beat. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Once or the musical Once or any of the songs written by The Scri"},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Once Again","Author":"spanglemaker9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8419493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: If you've read my fics before, be aware: this is not Twific! This is based in the universe of the musical, Once , which is in turn based on the movie, Once . The story is basically the same, though, so if you've only seen the movie, I think you can follow it. In both the movie and the musical, the two main characters don't have names. I just can't write an entire fic with unnamed characters, so I had to name them myself. I hope my choices work for you! There is a tiny bit of Czech in this. I don't speak it, so I did my best. Apologies if I get it wrong. Notes on what I do know at the bottom. Also, this is unbeta'd so apologies for any errors. This is complete, so I'll post it all at once. *0*0* Him: \"Call me when you land.\" It's the last thing she says to me before I hang up. I stare at the face of my phone, at her contact info, at her picture, still glowing on the screen. Fiona. Overhead, a woman's voice announces that the boarding of Flight 6793 to JFK will begin in fifteen minutes. It feels so unreal. Me. This airport. This flight. New York. Fiona. Dusana. I want to scroll to her name and see her on my screen, more real and immediate than anyone on earth right now, but I don't have her in my phone. I'm not sure Dusana even owns a cell phone. Probably not. Maybe it's better this way. Maybe she was right. I have CDs full of songs about Fiona. How I met her, how I loved her, how I lost her, how I missed her. Maybe Dusana was right and Fiona is still my future. She held my heart in her hands once, and maybe she wants to again, if I'll let her. But I know where my heart is. Back behind me in that dodgy recording studio in a bad neighborhood in Dublin. Then I remind myself that it's not then, that night, those magic dark hours we all spent there. The morning came and the spell broke. Even if I turn around now and go back, all I'll find there is peeling linoleum, threadbare rugs, burnt coffee, and walls covered in battered soundproofing foam. There is no music there anymore. No magic. No Dusana. Just some guys recording a jingle for the local supermarket. There's nothing left for me here. There hasn't been for a long time. Only my Da and the shop and a job that was never meant for me. No purpose, no life, no love. All I have left is what lies ahead of me. I have this bundle of CDs, our magic digitized and pressed flat. Dusana has her daughter and her husband, finally coming back to claim her. And maybe I have Fiona, waiting for me in that vast unknown city across the sea. When the woman's voice announces the boarding has begun, I don't hesitate. I hoist my battered bag and I walk down the metal tunnel to the plane. I barely look down at Dublin as the plane disappears into the clouds. *0*0* \"Declan!\" Fiona's waiting beside the baggage carousel when I round the corner. She looks like herself. After so many months, after so much pain, all those songs, I thought she'd be… different. More. The Fiona I sang about was stunning, a siren luring me in to wreck myself on the rocks. This is just Fiona. Just a girl. She's pretty—just as pretty as she always was. Her long sandy hair, the pale dash of freckles across her nose, her light blue eyes, all these things are Fiona's. But in my memory, they added up to more, to a goddess, a succubus, my heart and my ruin. But she's only Fiona, pretty and happy to see me. I feel tricked, like all of that pain and music was for some phantom, some thing in my head that was never real. This girl waiting for me to reach her doesn't hold the power to wreck anyone. So did she fool me or was I a fool? As I close the distance to her, I wonder how it will be between us and what we'll say. She left in a bad way, full of bitterness and anger, leaving hurt behind. How do we start over from that place in the middle of a crowded airport? I should have known, though, that Fiona wouldn't be here if she didn't already have a plan. And her plan is \"everything is fine\". When I get close, she sprints the last few feet, throwing her arms around my neck, pressing herself into my arms. I'm still carrying my bag and my guitar case, so I can't hug her back. All I can do is lift my arms like I might want to, but the gesture is incomplete. Fiona doesn't care. Her cheek is pressed to my neck and I can smell her hair, different than before. \"I missed you, Declan,\" she whispers into my shoulder. I don't say anything. I don't know what to say. Not yet. \"You look good,\" she says, holding me at arm's length. Her eyes are bright and her face is alive, all smiles. \"Thanks. You, too,\" I reply, because she does look good. She may not be the soul-crushing siren my memories made her out to be, but she definitely looks better than when she left Dublin. Her clothes are different. No long skirts and sandals. She looks like an American girl now, glossy and sharp. \"I didn't expect you to be here,\" I go on, to fill the silence. \"You didn't say you'd come meet me.\" She brushes me off with a wave of her hand. \"I wouldn't leave you on your own in New York!\" I smile, but what I'm thinking is that she left me on my own in Dublin so what's the difference? \"Let's get your bags,\" she says, wrapping her hands around my arm and leaning into me. \"I'll take you home.\" Home. Such a strange word for this loud, crowded new city, with this girl who was my other half but is now half-stranger. Am I home? I guess I'll find out. *0*0* Her: \"Not now , Matka.\" \"But don't you want Ivanka to look nice for her father? You should change her into a dress.\" I am making tidy piles out of the magazines and mail on the little living room table. My hands won't hold still. So much clutter. I want to throw it all away, so everything is perfect and tidy when he gets here, but it's not all mine. Reza's gossip magazines, Andrej's mail… we live with too many people. All our lives so jumbled together. No wonder he left us. \"He hasn't seen Ivanka in nine months. I don't think he'll care what she's wearing.\" My mother sniffs and goes back into the kitchen. She's so old-fashioned sometimes, always trying to put Ivanka in little girl dresses and bows in her hair. Ivanka hates dresses and she can't bear the hairbrush. She's sitting on the floor playing with two little cars that Švec brought her. She runs them straight into each other and shouts \"Boom\" when they collide. She makes all the noises. The squealing tires, the crunching metal, the anguished cries of the dying crash victims. I need to stop letting her watch television with Švec. I chased my mother out of the room with my snapping but now that she's left me alone, I want her back. I'm too nervous. I don't know what to do with myself. Marek is almost here and I don't know how it will be with him. For so long I've waited for this moment. I have cried for him and longed for him and still he stayed in Prague. Now, he finally comes and I've made a mess of things before he's even arrived. I wanted something that made my heart fly. Just one thing and just for a few days. I wanted to steal that moment of freedom for myself, just once. Life is nothing but work and struggle and everything you can't have. There is so little joy, outside of Ivanka, and even that is threaded through with sacrifice and hard work. I thought I could steal my moment and then maybe I could turn back to my life satisfied that at least I'd flown once. But as always, I am a stupid girl. I am trapped back on the ground, but I will never forget what it felt like to fly. That feeling eats away at my soul and leaves me hungry, not satisfied. It's because I was foolish to think I could steal my moment and not pay. Declan gave me his music, but he took part of my soul for it and now I have to do without. Life stretches out before me and I want to cry. I will always feel this loss. Or maybe I'll forget and I won't. That would be worse. So many months of struggle. Working and raising Ivanka and trying to figure us out and now, at the last moment, when I could finally fix it all, I've gone and broken it again. Marek doesn't know that, though. He doesn't know what I've done and how I feel. And it doesn't matter anyway. That's all over and done with. Declan has gone across the sea to his girl and I am here in Dublin where I will begin again at being a wife. \"Máma!\" I call, but before she can answer, he knocks on the door. I want to hide behind my mother's skirt and make her answer, but I'm not a little girl anymore. I'm a mother and a wife. I'm his wife. And I have a duty to try. I will try. For Ivanka's sake and my own. I open the door and after all this time, there is Marek. He looks just the same, not older, not tired, not sad. Just Marek. \"You're here!\" I say, not sounding at all like myself. Marek smiles, that knowing half-smile I remember. \"Hello, Dusana.\" That's all. Just 'hello'. I am past romantic fairy tales, but if I'd been hoping for him to sweep me into his arms and kiss me with all of the passion he'd held back for the months of our separation, I'd have been disappointed. I wasn't expecting it. Not really. It would have been nice, though. Instead, he reaches for me, resting one hand lightly on my waist, and leans in to kiss my cheek, like a cousin at a wedding. \"You look well,\" he says, and then his eyes move past me to Ivanka on the floor. Ivanka looks up at him and it breaks my heart when I see the moment of hesitation in her eyes. She's not completely sure who he is. Her father . Then, seeing him standing so close to me must remind her, because she's scrambling to her feet. \"Táta!\" she shrieks, flinging her little body at his legs. He crouches to catch her, his face full of the big, wide smiles he didn't have for me. It's alright, though. He and I, it's complicated. But Ivanka is pure love. I understand that. He hugs her tight and she starts talking all over herself and this breaks the tension. With Ivanka as our distraction, we can move into the room; we can sit and talk. A few minutes later Máma joins us. She's polite, but I know she doesn't like Marek. She never loved him and since he left us to go back to Prague, it's settled into something much harder. I know what she thinks. She thinks I'm wasting my time on Marek. She thinks I had my chance at happiness and sent him off on a plane to New York. Sometimes, late at night when I'm all alone with all of these thoughts in my head, I'm afraid that she's right. But the truth is, Marek is my husband. For all that has gone wrong between the two of us, together we've made Ivanka. So I will try. Once, I loved him. I loved him so much. I was young and very naïve, but the feelings were real. I just need to find my way back to them. We need to find each other again, the us before Ivanka and Dublin and hardship. Máma has brought tea and I keep my hands busy pouring a cup for Marek while Ivanka climbs all over his lap and chatters like a little monkey. He runs his hands over her hair, which is always tangled and crazy, and laughs. \"Look at you, little girl. Your mamma has let you grow wild while I was gone.\" The dig is exactly what I don't need to hear when I'm trying so hard to do everything right. Because it brings it all back, all the anger and resentment from the months before he left. I let myself forget it when we talked on the phone. I told myself I could let it go and start over. But now I'm sitting still, my fingers digging into the arms of the chair, telling myself not to be hurt by his criticism. That's what it was. He's always careful about it. Nothing in my face or direct. Marek is a mature, educated, enlightened man. That's what he says and what he believes. Cruelty is beneath him. So his is always wrapped in jokes that aren't funny and teasing that doesn't make me smile. \"You know how she is,\" I finally say, forcing a smile, trying to forget the sting. \"I know how she is,\" Marek says. He's looking at Ivanka, but he's not talking about her. He's talking about me. \"That's new,\" he says, nodding to the piano, stuffed into the corner of the living room that is already too crowded. Declan's piano. The moment I look at it, I feel it in my chest. It hurts. It hurts to look at it and it hurts to play it. But I do anyway. Every day, every minute that I can steal from my hard life, I play. Sometimes Declan's songs, sometimes Beethoven. It doesn't really matter. \"It was a gift,\" I say, my voice barely a whisper. I hadn't thought of an explanation before and I can't think of one now. My mother saves me. \"Dusana has been teaching music here and there. To make ends meet.\" It's hard to miss the dig in her words, since we've been making do without Marek's help for all these months. \"One of her little students moved away and they couldn't take it. It's nice, isn't it? So nice to have music in the house again.\" \"You can use it to give lessons at home while you watch Ivanka,\" Marek says. He thinks his idea is grand, but my mother purses her lips in disapproval. \"That's a very good idea,\" I say, trying to take Marek's side. Máma is upset because she knows what the piano and the music mean to me, but Marek doesn't. He can't. Not ever. Declan, his music, and the days I spent with him making it have nothing to do with Marek. I don't want them to. Besides, I feel like I can't talk about Declan without my feelings showing on my face. That's something Marek can't ever see. Not if I want this to work. And I do want it to work. It has to. *0*0* A/N: Matka is a diminutive of Máma, or \"mother\". It's considered an endearment, used between people who are very close. In a later chapter, Dusana's mother calls her \"Dusanka\", which is a diminutive of her name. Táta= Daddy[Chapter 2] Him: Fiona got herself an internship at a bank. She tells me all about it over dinner at a little Italian restaurant near her flat. Everything is small here. For such a big city, every interior space feels half-scale. Her flat, where the bed barely fits in the bedroom; this restaurant, where the neighbor's table is only two inches from ours. I feel like I can't even turn around without hitting something or someone. It's so different than Dublin. Even with all the buildings, there is also space and green. Trees everywhere. I ask her why she's interning in finance, of all things, when she'd come to New York to work in publishing. That was always her dream in college, but Dublin had no future for her on that path. It was why she left, and now she's not even doing it. Dublin's lousy with banks, if that's what she wanted to do. She shrugs and waves her hand in the air. \"There's no money in that field. If I'm going to work this hard in this city, then I might as well earn a decent salary, right?\" I push my pasta around my plate with my fork. \"Yeah, I can see that. Must be bloody expensive to live here, yeah?\" \"You have no idea. It's murder now while I'm doing this internship, but hopefully I'll get a decent placement when I'm through and then it'll get better. So what do you want to do now that you're here?\" I look up at her in surprise. \"I came for my music.\" She lifts one eyebrow, but I can't really read her reaction, not like I used to. \"You're still doing that, then?\" \"'Course. I made a demo. I'll play it for you later if you like.\" She smiles, but it's not entirely enthusiastic. \"Sure. Sounds great.\" I remember Dusana's earnest face as she told me that if I played my songs for Fiona, there's no way I'd fail to win her back. Right now I'm thinking Dusana was as naïve as I've been. \"You sound American now, you know?\" \"Please,\" she huffs. \"I still have a terrible accent.\" \"It's not terrible. It's Irish. And I don't mean your accent. I meant the words. You use American words now.\" \"Do I?\" She laughs a little. \"Maybe.\" It's funny, I have no idea what to say to her anymore. There was a time when we couldn't stop talking to each other. The words just fell out of us. We'd stay up till dawn just talking. And now I'm stuck in a conversation I can't find my way forward in. I suppose I can't really be surprised. It's been six months and we're different now. It will take time for these new versions of ourselves to find their way together. If they do. I'm still not convinced. \"Tell me more about your internship,\" I say, just to say something. It was the right thing, though. Fiona starts talking and her enthusiasm takes over. The finance thing might feel odd to me, but clearly it doesn't feel odd to her. She has plenty to say, so I let her say it. I sit back and let her words fill the space between us so I don't have to struggle to speak or even think too much. For now, that's all right. *0*0* Her: \"University?\" I'm trying so hard to keep the judgment out of my voice, but it's hard. Marek shoots me a look, sharp and hostile. It only lasts a second before he looks back down at his book. He shrugs. The movement is careless, like he's not bothered, but I can tell from the set of his jaw that he is. \"I need to finish my degree if I want to teach. And I'll need to finish my dissertation.\" \"Marek…\" I trail off, unable to speak. He wants to go back to University and finish his degree. He might as well be telling me he wants to fly to the moon. We have Ivanka. It takes all the money my mother and I can earn cleaning houses to keep the rent paid on our tiny flat, and that's with three other boarders helping. And he wants to spend all day at school . It's like we aren't even speaking the same language. Marek drops his book to his lap with an exasperated sigh. \"What, Dusana? You think I can't do it?\" I laugh in spite of myself. I don't know why I do it. It's not funny. But laughing is my only response to his ludicrous suggestion. When all he does is scowl at me with his angry eyes, I stop. \"How are we going to pay for University, Marek?\" I ask him seriously. \"We barely make ends meet as it is.\" \"Well, we'll have to find a way because I can't work without my degree,\" he snaps. And I am so angry. Because I work . I work and work and work. And I have no degree. I had to leave University after my first year because of Ivanka. \"I manage to work all the time without my degree,\" I spit into the tense silence. \"That's different.\" \"How? Because I am a woman? A mother?\" Marek rubs his eyes and looks tired. \"I was much further into my studies than you were, Dusana. I'd already started on my doctorate! If I throw all that away, I'd be wasting my whole life! My future.\" \"And my life was okay to waste? I should just clean houses forever so that you can go back to school?\" \"I'm not the one who got pregnant.\" I snap back as if he hit me. It feels like he did. It feels like he punched me right in my chest and now I can't breathe. I always feared he felt that way, underneath it all. Whenever we fight, it always feels right there, just under the surface of his anger. He blames me. He feels trapped by me and Ivanka. We are his ruin. That's what he thinks, anyway. When I can finally speak again, my voice is barely a whisper. \"I remember there were two of us there. And only one of us was an eighteen-year old virgin, Marek.\" He looks at me and there is so much in his eyes. He is nothing but resentment. Like there was never any part of him that loved me. \"Don't pretend you were so innocent, Dusana. You're a smart girl. You always were.\" \"But only good enough for cleaning houses and supporting you, it seems. You listen to me, Marek.\" My voice gets stronger as my anger comes back. \"It doesn't matter how she happened, but now we have this child. We will always have her, you and I. And whatever plans we had for ourselves have to change for that. Mine did a long time ago. When are you going to start changing yours?\" \"I'm not ready to give up everything yet.\" \"Do you think I was? But I am her mother. And you are her father.\" He shoves himself up off the bed and throws his book down. \"You think I can ever forget that? I can't.\" I look at him in confusion. \"Do you want to? Do you want to forget us?\" He looks back over his shoulder at me, like a stranger. But he says nothing. He just reaches for his coat. \"I'm going to the pub for a drink.\" I don't argue, I just let him go. *0*0* Hours later, after everyone else has gone to bed, he comes home, smelling of cheap whisky. I'm still awake, but I roll onto my side, away from the door and close my eyes tight. I don't want to talk to him any more tonight. The alcohol sends him to sleep in just a few minutes. When his heavy breathing fills the room, I roll over and sit up. He's on his back, one arm thrown over his head. He's still so handsome. The same high cheekbones and dark hair I remember from the first day I met him on campus at University. His eyes, set so deep under his eyebrows, were different then. When he smiled, it changed his eyes. He is full of mysteries now and he seemed so then, only then, I imagined it was just all of the things he knew that made him seem so. His mind was always at work, learning and thinking. He knew so much about everything. Much more than me. Now he keeps it all inside. He never invites me into his head. Now I know I'm not welcome there. I never will be. His resentment has built a wall around him that I will never be able to climb. I've started to cry as I sit watching him sleep. Soon I'll be noisy, so I leave our bed and go sit in the corner of the couch, out in the tiny living room. Reza is out for the night, probably off with Billy, but Andrej and Švec are sleeping in their room. And of course, my mother and Ivanka, too. I ball my fist up against my mouth and smother the ugly sounds I want to make. I pull the old knitted blanket off the back of the couch and wrap it tight around me, hoping it will hold me tight together as I try to fall apart. My mother finds me there, crying in the dark. What is it about mothers? We can feel it in our bones when our children hurt. She settles her weight in beside me and wraps her arm across my back. She brushes the hair off my face and tucks it behind my ear. Finally, I don't feel so scared and alone. \"Tell me what's happened, Dusanka,\" she whispers, calling me the little girl name she always uses for me when I am low. \"It's Marek, yes?\" I tell her about Marek wanting to go back to school and the ugly fight we had about it. As much as she doesn't like him, she holds her tongue and just listens as I talk. \"I don't know what to do anymore, Máma. I don't know how to fix this between us.\" \"You can't fix what he broke,\" she says. \"It wasn't all him. I made mistakes, too. But why does he resent me so much, Máma? Not everything is my fault.\" She is silent for a minute, just rubbing my arm. \"He is afraid of you, you know.\" I scoff and then I have to sniff loudly, because of my stuffy nose. \"Because I am so scary. I'm a tired, overworked mother.\" \"You are strong. So much stronger than him, and he knows it. There is this fire in you. It scares him. He doesn't know how to be a man next to all this strength in you.\" \"He did once. He loved me once.\" \"You were young then. Almost a girl. Your fire was not so big then. Dusana, there is this life in you. Even now, in Dublin, working yourself to the bone and being Ivanka's mother, it hasn't gone out. It will never go out. Why do you think you couldn't resist the Irish boy's music?\" \"I just wanted to be a part of something outside of my life. Just for a minute.\" \"See?\" she says. \"That's your fire. Marek doesn't have it, so he wants to spend his life in a library reading about everyone else's.\" I sigh and fall onto her shoulder. My fire feels low tonight, and all I want is my mother. \"I'm not so sure this big fire is a good thing if it scares away my husband.\" \"Not all men are scared of a woman with fire.\" \"The one I need is, and that's all that counts.\" She snorts. \"You don't need Marek. You've done just fine these months without him, Dusanka.\" I start to cry again. Letting go is so hard when all you've done for as long as you can remember is fight to hold on. \"But Ivanka… he's her father.\" \"And he'll still be her father even if he is not your husband.\" \"He'll go back to Prague. That's what he wants anyway. He doesn't like Dublin.\" \"So let him go.\" \"Ivanka—\" I protest again. \"Will see her father whenever he visits. Many children have grown up with far less. She will have you and me. And Reza, God help her. And Andrej and Švec. She will be a little girl surrounded by people who love her. She will be fine.\" The tears won't stop now. I feel wrung out inside, nothing but water, washing away everything, putting out that fire that burns so bright. I am so tired, but letting go brings a relief, too. I hurt everywhere, but I know that after I sleep, I will wake up and finally start building my life again. I have been waiting for so long. It will be good to know there is nothing to wait for anymore. It doesn't feel that way now, but I know in time it will. And that's enough.[Chapter 3] Him: A mate from Dublin who'd moved to New York a few years back hooks me up with a job tending bar at one of the endless \"Irish\" pubs littering Manhattan. It's not entirely legal, since I don't have working papers, but the owner likes the bartenders to sound authentic, so he pays us cash and looks the other way. It's alright. It keeps me busy. I work mostly nights and Fiona works days, so we go for long stretches only stumbling on each other in bed in the dark. That part's nice enough. In my memories, Fiona and I were incendiary. It's not like that anymore. Maybe we were different then, or maybe I just remember it differently than it was. I'm discovering that a lot of things about us are like that. I don't know if it's her or me. Maybe she's no different and it's only my perception that's changed. Either way, it's not like it used to be. I'm starting to realize that how it used to be was kind of no good for me, so maybe that's okay. So it's different now, but not bad. The truth is, I missed her. And now she's back. It feels good to touch her again, and kiss her. It feels good to fall into bed at three in the morning and find her sleeping there. We're not all right. A lot that went wrong hasn't been addressed, but in time, I suppose we'll get to it. In the meantime, she's here and I'm here and we're together again. I send copies of my demo off to every label I can find, big and small. I don't hear a word from any of them. There was a time when that would have told me all I needed to know and I'd have given up. This time, I don't. There was a moment, not too long ago, when people listened to this music and felt it. It set them on fire and inspired magic. It will happen again, as long as I don't give up. I have to believe that. *0*0* \"Fiona, slow down!\" I'm half-laughing, half-annoyed as she drags me by the arm through the crowd. I accidentally jostle a girl and cause her to spill her drink. I try to stop and clean it up, but Fiona is relentless. \"Come on, Declan! I don't want to miss him!\" We're at some cocktail party hosted by her bank. As an intern, she's lucky to be here. I don't want to know what she did to get the invite. There's some bloke here, a management-type. He's got an opening in his department, an actual job, and Fiona has her eye on it. She's done her research on him, and practiced what she wants to say and tonight is her moment. She's been strategizing this meeting for a week in the living room and now it's here. I don't like going to these work things with her. I don't like this world. I don't like how these people think or talk. When I'm here, I feel like the only human in a room full of those animatronic robots in the movies. Nothing feels real or natural. My words feel like a foreign language here, and it's not just the novelty of my Irish accent that makes it feel that way. I can't make small talk because no one talks like I do, about the things I talk about. But it matters to Fiona so I'm trying. God, I've been trying. She sees him and stops so fast that I run into her back. \"Declan, there he is. Oh, God, I need to nail this. I can do this, right? I'm prepped. I'm ready. I got this.\" I open my mouth to say something, to reassure her that she can handle anything, but she's walking away before I get the words out. Seems her questions were only rhetorical. I'm left talking to the air, with my hand extended where I intended to stroke her back. But she's gone already. I take a minute to watch her from a little distance and it's remarkable. She doesn't have an ounce of my discomfort. When she walks up to him, her stride is long and confident, her shoulders thrown back and her chin up. She thrusts her hand at him to shake like she's the corporate goliath, not him. She smiles, all shiny teeth and bright eyes. When they exchange names and titles, her face is so full of life and energy. It's this look I kind of remember from our early days together. Those endless nights we'd spend at the pub, just talking, talking, talking, nursing our beers as we exhausted ourselves getting to know each other. Every word was a marvel, every piece of our histories we exchanged was precious. I fell in love with her over those warming glasses of Guinness, with our words flying back and forth and that look on her face. I fell in love with that Fiona. Her face is familiar to me, but not the rest. As I move to join her, standing just behind her, there, but not in the way, I'm immediately lost in their conversation. \"What Arras-Mitchell is doing right now is so exciting,\" Fiona is saying, leaning in towards him. \"The way we've positioned ourselves to capitalize on the new consumer paradigm is of real interest to me. I'd love to be a part of that kind of strategy-building.\" I have no idea what Fiona just said, and I don't understand where her passion for it is coming from. Regardless, I have no place in this conversation and I don't have a drink. The way this night is going, I'll need one. I touch her elbow to let her know I'm leaving for a moment. Her head turns toward me slightly, but her eyes never leave the corporate mogul's face and she never misses a beat in the conversation. I turn away and go in search of liquor. There's a bar in the corner, where I retrieve a couple of plastic glasses of red wine and head back to Fiona. The wine is dreadful and out of nowhere I'm hit with a memory of Billy and his passion for Spanish Rojas. He was a little ridiculous, but the wine was good, and so is the memory. I remember Billy's music shop and Dusana laughing as Švec goofed around on the drums while Reza kept refilling my glass with Billy's wine. Those were conversations I understood. That was a world I fit in. This place scrapes against my skin at every turn. I push back through the crowd to find Fiona. Another couple of corporate bigwigs have joined them while I was gone, and she holds court in the middle. In her sharp black work suit and her hair twisted back off her face, I hardly know her. She says something and everyone around her laughs. I stand twenty feet away, watching her, and it feels like I'm still back in Dublin, with the great wide ocean between us. And I know. This is over. It's been over since she left me in our flat in Dublin last year, but I needed to come here and see her like this for it to be real. At the very moment the realization is sinking in, she looks back over her shoulder, finally looking for me. She finds me, meets my eyes, and flashes a quick, bright smile. But that smile is not for me. I just caught it as it flew past me. Maybe that's all I ever did. I caught a small piece of her as she shot past me and kept going. I'm sure my feelings, my realization, must be written all over my face, but Fiona doesn't see it. She reassures herself that I'm waiting there and then she turns back to her conversation. I drink her wine myself. *0*0* My phone rings on the side table, waking me up just hours after I fell asleep. Fiona is long gone to work. It's been two nights since my revelation at her cocktail party and I've worked back to back shifts since then. No time to talk or sort things out, only come home and pass out in bed. I'm guessing it's her, calling to remind me about our dinner plans when I blindly grope for the phone and answer. \"Declan O'Connor?\" the man on the other end says, in his London accent. \"Yeah?\" \"Colin Brandt, R.D.R.\" I rub my hand across my eyes, trying to focus. I don't know this bloke, but he seems sure he's got the right man. He knows my name. \"Did I wake you?\" He sounds amused and I do quick, shitty math in my head. It's noon in London, even though it's only eight in the morning in New York. \"It's early here.\" \"You're not in Dublin?\" he asks in surprise. \"No, New York.\" \"Ahh,\" he groans. \"Sorry, mate. London time.\" \"Caught that. So, R.D.R., you said? What's that?\" \"Red Dog Records.\" I've heard of them. \"I've heard of you,\" I tell him. He chuckles softly. \"Glad to hear it. Listen, Declan, a copy of your demo found its way to my desk.\" I sit up in bed, scrubbing a hand through my hair and trying to wake up. \"Is that right? How did that happen?\" \"There's a name on this….\" I hear him shuffle around on his end. \"Ah, Eammon Grant?\" \"Eammon…. Oh, from the studio. Where I recorded the demo,\" I tell him. \"Seems your mate, Eammon, passed out a few copies to friends. This was handed around a bit before it got to me. I need to tell you, mate, I like what I hear.\" \"Yeah? Thanks.\" \"You made this in Dublin?\" I think back to that intense day and night, the music and the people, and the tightening in my chest almost makes it hard to speak. \"Yeah, Dublin.\" \"It's rough, but it's good. With some proper musicians backing you up and decent mixing, it could be brilliant.\" \"You think so?\" \"I do. Now can I ask, what has you in New York?\" I could just tell him that I came for my girl. It's even sort of the truth. But that's not what I say. Instead I say, \"I just wanted to try it out. See if the music played better here than it did back home.\" \"Huh,\" Colin says. \"Funny thing about songs. The same songs sung by the same voice gets heard differently in different times. Like Nick Drake. I know you didn't get much action when you were here, but I think with the right representation, your music could do very well for itself. And I have to tell you, we'd have an easier time finding you bookings in Europe, since you're Irish. How do you feel about London?\" I think about that for a minute, letting his words sink in. He likes my music. He thinks he can find it an audience. In Europe. \"I think I like London just fine,\" I hear myself saying. *0*0* She cried. I wasn't expecting that. When I finally cornered Fiona long enough to sit her down and tell her I was leaving, she shocked me by crying. She said she needed me. I had to tell her that she didn't need anyone, least of all me. That was always the problem. I was extraneous to her life and I still am. Fiona protests, more than I thought she would. It surprises me and I think that if she had shown just half this much desire for me a year ago, none of this would have ever happened. But considering the demo CD burning a hole in my bag, I find I can't feel any regret for anything. Besides, now I know. My eyes and my heart can see clearly. She doesn't need me. She needs the idea of me, steady and familiar, holding her hand as she gets her feet under her in this new life. But I have no doubt that once she does, she'll be off and running and she won't have a backwards glance to spare for me. Again. So that's why I'm leaving, I tell her. I'm going back to London to chase my dream, while she stays here in New York and runs down hers. I finally understand that this is how it should be. She capitulates and by the time I've wrapped up my brief life in New York, she comes to the airport with me. She wants to kiss me goodbye just the way she kissed me hello. I will miss her. She still stands large in my life and she always will. But I don't want her anymore. I know, once and for all, that the road divided for us long ago. I've been far down my path for a long time without realizing it and now it's leading me home.[Chapter 4] Her: I can hear the music out on the sidewalk before I ever go in, but it's not Declan's music. Someone else is playing now. I see his name on the poster by the door, though, so I know he's here. Back in Dublin, playing his music. I pay my money and they let me in. I've never been in a Dublin club, but it's just the same as the ones I went to in Prague when I was at University. It's dark and loud, and the floor is a little sticky. It's full of people, swaying and moving, and I don't want to push into the middle of them, so I press back to the wall and follow it around the room. When I stop, there is a table next to me with things for sale. There are stacks of CD's and I see the face of the girl now on the stage on one. Further away, on the other corner, I find the stack of Declan's CDs. I take one from the pile and run my fingers over the cover, Declan's picture. It's the side of his face with lots of light and shadows. He looks good, better than he did when he lived here in Dublin. I turn it over, reading the names of the songs I know so well. I have a copy already, of course. One was delivered to the flat three months ago, in a fancy heavy envelope along with a check and a letter from this record company. The letter was lots of words about rights and things I didn't completely understand. When I took it to Billy, he explained to me that the check was to pay me for playing on the demo, and helping Declan with the songs. Billy got one, too. So did Švec, Andrej and Reza. I wouldn't have kept that check except for the little slip of paper fastened to it, written in Declan's handwriting. Thank you , it said. This is yours, too. So I kept the check from the record company and I made my mother's lie come true. I used Declan's other gift to me and I started teaching piano lessons. I still have to clean houses during the day, but I don't have to do the offices at night. Things are so much better now because of that. I am home every night to help with dinner and put Ivanka to bed. Except for this night. When I saw the paper on a lamppost in the city earlier today, I knew I had to come and see him again. I didn't tell my mother where I was going, though. I didn't want to listen to her pushy questions. So I told her I needed to see a friend, which is true. Now I am standing in this crowded club, waiting for him to show up, and wondering if he will seem at all the same. So many months have passed and now he's almost like a dream to me. He wasn't someone real, he's just someone I invented in my tired, wanting head. The girl on stage singing sad songs in a high, pretty voice finishes and smiles at the applause. The stage is empty for a while, except for a man who comes out and arranges some wires and speakers. He comes out with a guitar and sets it next to the microphone. At first, I feel a huge disappointment, as it is not Declan's guitar. Then I tell myself not to be so foolish. It's been nearly a year and he has a record now. He wouldn't still play that terrible old guitar he had. He would play one like the shiny black one set up on stage. Still, it's empty. The crowd shifts as people go to find the bathrooms and more drinks. I move into the empty places until I'm in the middle of the room. Then a man comes on stage and says some things about Irish clubs supporting Irish musicians, and aren't they all happy to have this great new Irish songwriter visit them. The crowd applauds and it doesn't sound like they're being polite. It sounds real. A few people put their fingers in their mouths and whistle. One girl shouts out \"Declan!\" These people know who he is already. People are hearing Declan's music. I don't have time to think about that, though, because all of a sudden, Declan is there. He's smiling in that way he had, like he's embarrassed that anyone is even looking at him. He keeps his eyes away from the crowd as he picks up his guitar and settles the strap around his neck. His long fingers slide along the neck, the only part of him that looks assured and easy. His fingertips find their places on the strings like they know where they belong better than he does. I loved that about Declan. So unassuming unless he was singing and playing, and then he overwhelmed me. The crowd has gone still around me, but there's this quiet energy, like they're just waiting for him to open his mouth and sing before they can breathe again. I know this feeling because it's how I feel, in my chest and in my head and stomach and every little inch of me—just waiting for his songs to reach into me and grab my soul again. It feels like it's been asleep since the last time I heard him sing. Finally, Declan looks at the crowd, his chin down, his gaze sliding sideways as he smiles. \"Hey there,\" he says, and the people around me erupt in shouts. He smiles wider in response. \"I'm really happy to be here tonight, playing these songs for you. They've meant a lot to me in a lot of ways, and it feels good to share them finally.\" There are more shouts, more whistles, lots of clapping. Declan ducks his chin and smiles again. He doesn't say anything else. He doesn't need to, because he starts to play. From the first chords he strums, the crowd goes quiet. The sound vibrates through me down to my feet. I've listened to his CD, of course. A lot. Until Reza hid it and said it was making me too moody. But listening to it is nothing like this, standing in the same room with him, hearing the music bounce off the walls and bodies and echo into me. Then he opens his mouth and begins to sing. The sound—the chords and notes straining against each other—makes me ache inside. I feel it everywhere, this music that is so familiar to me but still seems new. I know this song. I've played this song with him. It's different now, maybe better, but it still feels like my song. Once, his voice and my voice made this song live, so now it's like it's a little bit mine, too. I stand so still through three of his songs. I can't look away from him. I don't want to. For all these long months, even for the few days we worked on his music, I'd convinced myself that's all it was about—the music. My mother, Reza, even Billy… they all tried to make me confess that it was more that I was feeling. I told them it wasn't, mostly because it was impossible. I am a dreamer, but I am not a fool. Still, now that I'm standing here seeing him again, I know they were right. It's always been about him, impossible or not. I am distracted by two girls right behind me. They must have just moved there because I couldn't hear them a moment ago. \"Ahhh,\" one says. \"So bloody handsome,\" the other one sighs. \"Think I'll have a go at him after the show, yeah?\" The other girl laughs, all knowing like Reza does when she's on the prowl. \"If you don't, I will.\" My skin tingles all the way to my hair. I don't turn around to see them, but I do turn my face away from the stage. I can't look at Declan while I listen to them talk about him like that. My eyes fall on the stack of CD's on the corner of the table. I feel foolish, standing here alone in this club, thinking back on the feelings he sparked in me, when he probably barely remembers me. He's not famous, but these people know him. They love him. Those girls want him. He's not that lost man that I met last year, playing his guitar to no one on the street. He's found himself and the world has found him. I'm a single mother working like mad just to hang on. I don't belong here. I look back at the stage, at Declan as he starts his last song of the set. My throat tightens as I imagine singing my part of it. I press my lips together to keep from doing it. I'm glad I came to see him. It's good to see him here, doing what he was meant to do. It's good to see other people loving his music like I do. Maybe now I can put him behind me, just a story from my past. As I'm taking my very last look at him, reassuring myself that he's just fine, he takes a rare glance at the crowd, and just like that, he's looking right at me. I can't move. I can't even breathe. Declan had been singing the last line and he bites the note off short, his hands freezing on his guitar. There is a long moment of silence as we stare at each other over the crowd. Then I hear people around me begin to murmur, wondering what is happening. I'm messing things up for him, ruining his show by surprising him this way. Finally, I turn away and start pushing through the people to get to the door. By the time I reach the door that leads to the dark, cool hallway out front, the people have thinned out. I take a deep breath and keep going, towards the door that leads outside. \"Dusana, wait!\" *0*0* Him: I'm still not good at this part. Funny, I've been playing and singing since I was fifteen and I used to do it on the street corner in front of disinterested strangers all the time, but getting up on a stage in front of an audience that has willingly paid money to see me still makes me nervous. I guess I worry about disappointing them, although they never seem disappointed. Colin tells me I need to talk more up there, banter with the crowd, make them my friends. That's the hardest part for me, so I tend to say very little and let the music speak for me. I'm especially nervous tonight because it's my first show back in Dublin. The London shows have gone well, but home is different. The crowd is good—the club looks packed. People applaud when I step on stage. While I adjust my guitar, a few whistle and one girl calls my name. It's still alarming and unreal. Does she mean me ? If I think about it too much, I'll freeze, so I don't look at them. I keep my eyes on the mic or my guitar and I just sing. Dublin changes this music. While I was recording and playing gigs in London, I focused on other things. I was crafting them, perfecting them. There was so much to learn about recording and what the producer could do, and it was all about that. Being home brings me back to the beginning, and when I start singing, I'm singing with all the raw emotion that I used to write them. The songs were always about heartbreak and loss, but now they're not about Fiona. It's a different loss I sing about now. Just the same, I immerse myself in it for the whole set. I forget the people and the club. There's just me and my voice, my fingers on the strings, and the stories I can tell with them. I'm almost through the final song of the set and I feel bold. Time to look at all these people who've come to listen to me sing. Time to invite them in to the stories I've been telling. But when I look across the faces, I find the one person who's been there all along. I forget to finish singing. The note just cuts off as I stare at her. She's not smiling or even looking happy to see me, but she's here . She came to see me. Then, just as my heart starts beating again, she turns around and disappears into the crowd. I shake my head, wondering if I've just imagined her. But I can see people shifting out of her path as she pushes towards the door. I don't even consider what I'm doing, I just ditch my guitar and hop off the front of the stage, chasing after her. The crowd around me makes all kinds of surprised noises, but I ignore them and stay focused on the door I think she just went through. It opens into a small, dark front room, fifteen degrees cooler than the crowded main room behind me. Dusana has her hand on the exit door when I call her name. She stops, hand still on the door. \"Dusana,\" I say again. She slowly turns around. And there she is again, that serious little face and those huge dark eyes that pin you right to the ground. Her stare is unnerving, just like I remember. I feel challenged, examined. I smile at her. \"Where are you going?\" She shifts her weight from one foot to the other, looking uncharacteristically uncertain. Dusana was always nothing if not confident. \"I'm sorry I disturbed your concert.\" I've forgotten exactly what her voice sounds like, the way her accent bites off her consonants and the lyric high note in her vowels, the one I can hear so clearly when she sings. I take a step towards her. \"You didn't. That was the last song. Weren't you going to say hello?\" I'm a little bewildered that she would come here and leave without seeing me at all. Dusana looks away, towards the posters tacked to the walls. \"I didn't want to bother you.\" Her words imply polite distance, but that's not what I hear in her voice. She sounds uneasy. \"You'd never be a bother,\" I tell her, smiling again, trying to get her to relax. This girl knew me better after three days than Fiona did after five years. I want what we had again, that comfort and ease. It's been months and months, but surely it's still there somewhere. \"I just got here this afternoon,\" I tell her, to explain why I hadn't gotten in touch with her yet. \"I was going to come round tomorrow.\" \"Come round?\" she echoes, looking confused. \"To see you. How's Ivanka?\" \"Ivanka is good.\" \"And your mother? Reza and Švec?\" \"Good, good,\" she says, the life coming back to her voice a bit. \"We are all good.\" I look closely at her. \"You too? You're good?\" Finally, something like a smile. Just the hint of one. She's trying not to laugh at me. But it's okay, it's real. \"I'm good, too.\" \"I'm glad. And your… Marek? How is he?\" \"He is well, I hear.\" Her voice gets distant again and her eyes are blank. \"He's doing good back in Prague.\" \"Prague?\" My heart drops out of my chest. \"I thought he was coming back. You told me he was.\" \"He did,\" she says. Her hands are clasped in front of her, fingers twisting together nervously. \"He came. It didn't work out so he went home again.\" \"So… you and him−?\" She looks up and meets my eyes. \"We are over.\" \"I'm sorry,\" I say perfunctorily, because I'm not. I'm really, really not sorry. At all. Dusana shrugs, \"It was months ago now. And it was for the best.\" \"I'm glad you're doing okay about it.\" \"How is your girl?\" Dusana asks, lifting her chin. She was so sure about me and Fiona. She pushed me away and sent me to America to win her back. I'd almost regret telling her about our failure if I wasn't also selfishly delighted. I shrug, hoping I sound as over it as I feel. \"Turns out there really wasn't any future there after all.\" Dusana's eyes go wide. \"She wouldn't come back to you?\" \"Oh, no, she came. I just didn't stay.\" \"You left her?\" I nod. \"It was over. I just had to go see that for myself.\" \"Oh,\" is all she says, but her face shows her thoughts and Dusana is thinking a lot . I take another step towards her and she startles, but the door is at her back and stops her retreat. I keep going, until I'm close enough to reach out and grab her hand. Such tiny little fingers, capable of making the most amazing music. \"Listen, I have another set tonight, but can I come around tomorrow to see you?\" \"You want to come around?\" I nod. \"Okay. You can come. In the afternoon.\" I smile and once again, I get a tiny answering smile in return. \"Good. I'll see you then. I have so much to tell you, Dusana.\"[Chapter 5] Her: I am a mess all morning at work. I vacuum the rug twice and forget to mop the kitchen all together. All I can think of is Declan coming to visit in the afternoon. On the one hand, it's only Declan, who has come to our flat before. On the other hand, it's Declan , the amazing man from the club last night. The one who seemed so far from me and untouchable. Imagining that man in my flat is impossible. I try to tell myself they are one in the same. After all, when Declan caught me at the door last night to talk, he seemed just the same. It doesn't work. When I picture him on stage, under lights, I am a nervous mess. At home, I tidy up like a crazy person. Reza, Švec and Andrej are all at work, thank God, but Máma is there with Ivanka. She bustles around, baking a kolache, clucking her tongue and muttering under her breath like she knows everything. I shush her a hundred times but she just smiles and clucks some more. Just when I think I can't take it anymore, he knocks on the door. My heart turns over in my chest. I feel ill and so excited at the same time. I was nervous when Marek came back, but that was nothing like this. It's just Declan, it's just Declan , I tell myself as I go to let him in. That does no good when I open the door and find him standing there, looking so handsome and smiling at me like he's never been happier to see a person. I forgot his eyes, dark, but they sparkle like he's lit from inside. We say a few polite words to each other as I let him inside and close the door. He's brought flowers for Máma and a toy for Ivanka. It's a little black horse with one of those English soldiers they have at Buckingham Palace. He brought it for her from London. It's not a race car, which are her favorite, but it's not a doll, either, so she's pleased. She'll probably make the soldier fall from the horse and die being trampled under his hooves. I watch him crouch down, talking to her about it and something in me that I didn't even know was hard and stony softens a little bit. Declan was thinking of Ivanka when he was in London. This is so surprising to me that it leaves me speechless and wondering. Was he thinking about me, too? He's even brought gifts for Reza, Švec and Andrej, a bottle of wine and a box of chocolates. I'm amused at his obvious attempts to ingratiate himself with everyone and without thinking, I tease him about it. \"What, no gift for me?\" He straightens up from the floor and smiles at me, standing close. His voice is soft when he speaks. \"I brought something for you, too. It's for later.\" My stomach bottoms out and I can't speak. My mouth opens and stays that way, like a fish. I don't think he meant something sexy by that, but his closeness, his low voice, makes me feel it all the way to my toes. Thankfully Máma chooses then to come in with the kolache and some tea. We spend some time just catching up. Declan really does have so much to tell me. He tells me all about his months in New York. He tells me about his job, but he leaves out details about his girl. He only says that she has a new job and it's very important to her. Then he tells me about the phone call he got from his record label, and the offer to come back to London and record his album. He tells me what that was like, and the musicians they hired to come play on it with him. I'm stupidly jealous of these faceless people who got to play Declan's songs with him. He tells me about all the shows he's been playing in London and other cities. The album is going well for the kind of music it is, he tells me. That means he will never be famous like the singers on the radio, but there are lots of people who like his music, even if he never gets to perform it in big stadiums. He says he's been very busy, just playing concerts all over England for the past few months. Now the record company wants him to come home to Ireland and play a lot of shows. They also want him to make another record. He speaks quickly about this part and then changes the subject, so I don't press him on it. Then he leans forward and smiles at me. \"Do you want to take a walk outside? Maybe with Ivanka?\" Ivanka is jumping up in excitement at the idea before I can even speak. I wonder what this is about and I catch my mother sending me her meaningful glances, but I ignore her. Besides, if he wanted that from me, he wouldn't have suggested bringing my daughter along. We walk to a little park not far from our flat. It's not very pretty, but it has swings and a slide, so Ivanka loves it. Declan pushes Ivanka on the swings forever. She never tires, shrieking every time he pushes her higher. We chat about nothing important until Ivanka runs off to say hello to a little girl she knows. The two of them run to the slide so Declan and I sit down on a bench. \"So,\" he says, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. \"What happened with your husband?\" \"What happened with your girl?\" He smiles at me over his shoulder. \"I asked you first.\" I smile back and shrug. \"We don't work anymore. We became too different.\" \"Has he changed much since you met him, then?\" I shake my head. \"No, Marek is just the same. But I changed and I couldn't change back, no matter how hard I tried.\" \"I can't believe he'd want you to.\" I laugh. \"Oh, he did. I don't think he likes who I am now.\" \"Then he's a bloody idiot,\" Declan says softly, watching Ivanka play. I laugh. It's been just long enough that I can do that now. \"Maybe he is a little.\" Declan is silent for a minute, and he's not looking at me, so I can watch him without him noticing. His hair is a little shorter than when he was here last, but I like it. It looks good on him. It just barely brushes his collar in the back now. And he's clean-shaven, which he wasn't before. This looks good on him, too. \"Were you in love with him?\" he asks suddenly. He's chewing on his bottom lip, waiting for my answer to this question. \"Yes, very much, in the beginning. But—\" I pause, not sure how to explain it. He turns to look at me and it's like he's not breathing while he waits for me to explain. \"But it didn't last?\" \"I was an eighteen year old girl when we met. It's not that the love was not real. It's that the girl was not done. She still isn't.\" \"I don't know, you seem in fair shape to me.\" This makes me laugh and he smiles. He has such a nice smile. \"Now,\" I say. \"You tell me about your girl.\" \"Not much to tell, really. Fiona thought she wanted me back. Really, she just needed a friendly face to keep her company until she made her place in the world.\" \"She doesn't love you?\" I will never understand this girl who had a man like Declan and didn't care enough to hang on to him with both hands. He shakes his head. \"No, but it's okay. I found out that I don't love her either. Not anymore.\" \"And your heart? It is not broken anymore?\" \"No,\" he says. \"My heart is fine. Hopeful, even.\" By the time we get back to the flat, everyone is home from work. There is a big to-do over Declan. Švec and Andrej are so happy to see him and Reza smiles her smile that tells me she will ask me too many questions later. Máma presses him to stay for dinner, but he has to go, since he has another show to play tonight. I walk him to the door to let him out. He stops outside and turns back, reaching out to touch my arm. \"I didn't get to show you what I brought you.\" \"Just tell me what it is,\" I laugh. He shakes his head. \"I need to show you. Can I come back tomorrow?\" I nod. \"Yes. I get home at the same time tomorrow.\" \"Alright. Tomorrow, then.\" He waits there for a moment, watching me, like he's making up his mind about something. Then he leans in and kisses my cheek. It's so fast, and then he's straightening up and backing away. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Dusana.\" When he's gone, my hand comes up to touch my cheek where he kissed me. It's several minutes before I can go inside and face all the questions waiting for me. *0*0* Him: I can't keep the smile off my face as I walk through the familiar streets of Dublin on the way to my gig. I keep replaying the afternoon with Dusana—her face when she opened the door, her eyes, happy and apprehensive at the same time, our afternoon together at the park with Ivanka, kissing her on the cheek when I left. I think about kissing her cheek a lot. I've been out of my mind since I saw her at the club the night before, but now I feel like everything is coming back into focus. My path is clear. One night last year, in a dark, empty recording studio, I touched her hand and she told me that it could not be about that. She told me that what we had, what I felt, was just the music, and that my heart lay thousands of miles away across the ocean. Dusana was so wrong. My heart was here with me and with the music. My heart was here in Dublin. And it stayed here when I left. It stayed with Dusana. We have always been about that. *0*0* Her: The morning drags by as I wait for Declan to get here. Unlike yesterday, Reza is off work, laying across a chair, reading one of her gossip magazines. I try to make her leave, but she won't, and then she teases me. Máma also won't let me be. They never spend so much time in our sitting room reading. I know it's because they're waiting for Declan. He comes with his guitar case on his back, and predictably, they make a fuss over him. He's so polite, drinking tea with Máma and putting up with all of Reza's flirting, but after a little bit, he asks if we can take Ivanka for ice cream. Like yesterday, she hears him and starts to drag him out the door before I can answer. She chatters like a little monkey all the way to the corner stand, hanging on to his hand like she's known him all her life. He's so patient with her, asking her all kinds of questions. It makes me smile. Most men are not so interested in children who are not theirs, and as my life shows, sometimes not even when they are their own. When she's finally busy with the biggest ice cream cone I've ever seen, I can finally talk to Declan in peace. But there's no peace in me, only nerves. I don't know why he's come back into my life. I have nothing he needs anymore. Yesterday, when he kissed my cheek, I wondered… But it's not good for a girl like me to think things like that about a man like him. \"How was your show last night?\" I ask him, thinking that this is safe. \"It was good. These audiences in Dublin… they're amazing. I wasn't expecting it. They actually know the music, Dusana. Like, they've bought the CD and they know it already!\" \"I told you that the world would love your music if they heard it.\" \"Honestly, it still surprises me. I like it, I just keep thinking I'm going to wake up and none of it will be real.\" \"I was there. I saw their faces. I heard them calling your name. It's real.\" Declan ducks his head, smiling. \"You kept the piano,\" he says eventually. \"Of course I kept it. You shouldn't have bought it. It cost too much money. But since you did, of course I kept it.\" \"You play then?\" \"Every day.\" \"What do you play?\" I shrug. \"All kinds of things. Beethoven, Brahms, Mozart. Also, your songs.\" He looks pleased. \"You still play my songs?\" \"You know I like them. I love your music.\" \"It's yours, too, you know. What you did for me, it was more than just playing on the demo. You know that, right?\" I start to laugh and wave my hand, dismissing his nonsense, but he reaches out and grabs my hand to stop me. \"I'm serious, Dusana. You're in that music. You helped me make it.\" I just look at him. \"Thank you,\" I finally whisper. He doesn't let go of my hand. Instead, he lowers it and slides his around, until he's holding it. He looks at me, eyebrows raised. \"This okay?\" I swallow and nod. \"It's okay.\" But it's not okay. My heart feels like it's taken off and flown clear out of my body, leaving me standing here without it and shaking. I don't know what this is. I mean, I know what it is, but I don't believe it. I can't believe it. Once, he touched my hand like this and I pulled back and told him 'no'. I threw Marek down between us and I shoved him towards America. I didn't want to, but I had to. I don't have to now. America is behind him and Marek is behind me. There's nothing else to use to hold him back. I feel so vulnerable and scared. I'm afraid of how much I like his hand holding mine and his kiss on my cheek. He holds my hand all the way back to our flat. Ivanka is too busy with her ice cream to notice. I don't know if she would mind even if she did notice. Her father was gone for so long, and when he was with us, he and I were not in a good place. He never held my hand or touched me that way. She probably doesn't even know that it's how men and women are meant to touch when they love each other. That thought makes me hold my breath and look sideways at Declan. He doesn't notice, too busy answering one of Ivanka's thousands of questions. He holds my hand as if it's nothing, like my hand is an extension of his and was always meant to be there. I don't know what that means. Back at the flat, Máma is busy cooking dinner. As soon as we come in, she demands that Reza come help her in the kitchen, even though she knows as well as everyone that Reza cannot boil water. Švec and Andrej have come home from work, but Máma insists she needs something from the market, something only the two of them can get for her. They complain, wanting to stay and talk to Declan, but she commands them in that way only Máma can, so they go, grumbling all the way. Thankfully, all of this happens in Czech, so her blatant matchmaking is only humiliating to me. Declan is just confused. Ivanka is off in the corner, acting out gruesome deaths with her toy soldiers, so it turns out Máma is successful; Declan and I are all but alone. \"So, I never showed you what I brought you,\" Declan says. He sounds almost glad to be left alone with me. \"No, you didn't. What is it?\" He smiles. \"You have to help me with it.\" Then he turns to get his guitar, which he's left in the corner. I watch him get it out and settle the strap on his shoulder, remembering the way his hands move over it as he gets ready to play. When he's done, he nods his head towards the piano. \"Sit.\" \"Me?\" \"Yes, you. I want you to play with me.\" I move to the piano, my hands running across the top in greeting. I haven't touched it yet today. \"Which song are we playing?\" I'm so excited to play with him again. I didn't realize how much I missed it until he was here with his guitar, about to play with me again. Declan smiles, like it's his big surprise. \"Something new.\" \"New?\" \"For my next album. I've started working on something new. \"I don't know your new music.\" He shrugs. \"You didn't know my old music and that didn't stop you. I want you to hear what I've been working on, but I also want you to play it with me. Will you?\" I can't say no to that. I don't want to. There's nothing I want more than to have this music with him again. \"I have it written down. A little.\" He pulls a piece of paper from his pocket. Declan knows music but he's terrible at writing it down, I remember this. But I managed to understand his scratched out notes once before so I do it again. He plays a little of the melody for me, to show me the tempo and the feel of it. It doesn't take me long to find my way into it with him. I always knew what he was doing with music. He sings the first verse and the chorus. By the time he gets to the chorus again, I can sing it with him. My soul has always known his music and this is no different. It's like I've always known it. The song is not angry and hurting like his old music. This is beautiful, sad but also hopeful. It makes me ache in a good way. It makes me want things I can't name. He trails off in the middle of the second verse. \"It's not done.\" \"It's good,\" I tell him. \"So good, Declan.\" \"I was hoping you'd think so.\" \"Was that my surprise?\" He smiles. \"Well, yeah, in a way. But more than that. I was hoping you'd work on it with me.\" \"Me?\" \"Don't look so shocked. You helped me before with the music. That's why I'm back in Dublin, Dusana. I came to play the shows, but I also came to write a new album. And I want to do it with you.\" He's looking straight at me for this last part, with all of his truth and sincerity in his face. \"Declan, I'm not a musician,\" I protest, holding my hands up. He scoffs and reaches out, grabbing my hands in his. \"Don't be stupid, Dusana.\" \"Not like you. Not the way you are.\" \"You understand my music better than anyone on earth. I want to do this with you. Think about how good it could be if we do it together.\" I am quiet while I think about what he's said. I am quiet, but my heart isn't. It's beating in my chest like a frantic little bird. My head might be telling me that I am no musician and I can't do this with him, but my heart has other ideas. It's practically taking flight in its excitement. Declan must see my confusion, because he smiles, rubbing his thumb across the back of my hand. \"Dusana, you know you want to. Just say yes. Just try.\" I hesitate another minute before I speak, trying to use my head and not my heart. \"You know how my life is. My responsibilities.\" \"I know. About Ivanka and your family. I know. I understand.\" I shake my head a little. \"No one really understands unless it is their life.\" \"Alright, then, I'll try to understand. Will you work on the songs with me?\" I look up at him finally. He's so handsome. I've always thought so. And so good. He's such a good person, full of kindness and amazing music. And he wants to invite me in. Just like before, even though it makes no sense and will only make my life harder, I can't resist him. I nod. \"I will.\" His smile grows, and this look he has feels like it's just for me. His fingers curl around mine, tighter, pulling my hand into his lap, where he lays his other hand over it. My throat is tight and I can't swallow or even breathe. His eyes drop and I think he's looking at my mouth. \"We are back!\" Švec shouts as the door bangs open. \"Did you miss us?\" I startle and pull my hand away from Declan's like I've been burned. Reza appears in the door to the kitchen, wiping her hands on a towel like she's actually been exerting herself cooking. \"Well, thank God,\" she says. \"Bring the bag to the kitchen. We've been waiting for you. Andrej, we need your help too. Now.\" I roll my eyes. \"Enough already, everyone. I'm sure Máma would just as soon have her kitchen to herself.\" \"Is everything alright?\" Declan asks. \"It's fine. Everyone is just being nosy. Let's set the table.\" Once I insist that everyone stop acting so strange, dinner is good. Declan has many good stories from his time in New York and London. Švec and Andrej are enthralled by him. Reza flirts outrageously, but everybody is used to that from her. It doesn't mean anything. Flirting is how Reza says hello. Besides, she has Billy now. She likes to pretend it doesn't mean anything, but it does. \"Are you staying in Dublin for good, then?\" Reza asks, bold as brass. I kick her under the table. Declan just smiles. \"For good? Hard to say. But Dublin is home, you know? And when it came right down to it, I couldn't write a new record anywhere but here.\" Reza leans her chin on her hand. \"Is that so? Who knew Dublin was so inspiring?\" She looks right at me for that last part and I want to kill them all. I have enough doubt about Declan to fill an ocean and all their meddling is making it worse, not better. Only Ivanka is tolerable, and that's only because she's not listening. She's making a castle with her potatoes. After dinner, Máma starts wrestling Ivanka towards bedtime. This will take a while and I will need to help. A lot. Declan senses that I need to go and he starts packing up his guitar. \"Walk me outside?\" he says quietly while Reza and Andrej are distracted, bickering in the corner. I nod and turn to call to my mother. \"Matka, I'm going to walk Declan out. Tell Ivanka that I'll read her story when I come back.\" \"Take your time,\" Máma calls back in Czech. I roll my eyes and push Declan out the door. I follow him down the narrow stairs to the door that opens to the street. He's halfway out, one foot on the step below, when he stops and turns back to me. \"Thank you for today, Dusana.\" \"For what?\" \"For saying you'll do this with me. For just…\" he stops and shakes his head with a smile. \"For you. Thank you for being you.\" \"Declan…\" I'm starting to tell him that he's being silly, or giving me too much credit but he steps back up to where I'm standing, silencing me. He's so close. We're just inches apart. You don't stand so close to someone who is just a friend, or a writing partner. He's still holding my hand. He's been holding it all the way down the stairs. Most of the night, really. I hardly even notice now, my hand in his feels so natural. \"Good night, Dusana.\" He starts to lean in and for a moment, I'm sure he's going to kiss my cheek, like he did last night. Instead, there is a pause, just a silent beat of my heart, and he kisses my lips instead. It's a gentle kiss, no passion or urgency. It's so soft, so brief, that it could almost be a harmless kiss between friends. Except it's not. He draws it out a second too long and there's something there, in the lingering pull of his lips, in his heavy exhale against my cheek, that tells me this is not some harmless kiss between friends. He draws back just enough to look at me. My heart is pounding wildly and I can't breathe. He's still holding my hand and the first thing to move between us is his thumb, sliding across my palm, easing me, gentling me. \"Was that okay?\" he murmurs, still checking with me at every moment if the path we are on is the right one. I have no idea, but I don't want to undo what just happened, not for the world. So I nod. \"It's okay.\" He smiles in the dark and squeezes my hand once more. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Dusana.\" \"Okay. Tomorrow,\" I repeat helplessly, watching him back down the walk to the street. I watch until he waves at the corner and disappears from view before I turn and go back upstairs. Máma and Ivanka are in the bathroom arguing about brushing her teeth. I don't know where Švec and Andrej have hidden themselves. Reza is waiting for me in the sitting room. I move past her to the kitchen, to begin cleaning up. She follows me, leaning on the doorframe and crossing her arms. \"Are you going to be stupid about him this time, too?\" \"Reza...\" \"Dusana, listen to me.\" Her voice is serious, more serious than Reza ever is. \"I've seen you with him. You come alive when he's here. All that fire in you... It's for him. And I've seen how he looks at you. It's the same for him.\" I sigh and look away. \"It's not so easy.\" \"It's not as hard as you make it. Boy, girl...\" I look at her and tick off on my fingers, \"Daughter, mother, ex-husband, flat mates. I am not simple.\" \"He knows all that about you and still it's there in his eyes.\" \"I have nothing to offer him. I'm afraid he'll see that.\" \"You have yourself. You are the woman he wants, just as you are. You are so strong and fearless in every way but this one. Marek has made you doubt yourself with men. He was weak. Don't let him make you weak, too. A good man wants you. Believe in that, Dusana.\" My head drops back on my shoulders as I stare at the ceiling and tell myself not to cry. \"Reza, you've seen him. You see what his life is like now. There's no place for someone like me in that life.\" \"You stop it!\" she snaps. \"If he wants you there, that's your place! He sees you, Dusana. He sees what we've always seen and what Marek never did. He sees your soul. And it's the same as his. It always has been, you and him. Just let him in this time. Don't be afraid.\" I look at her and the tears spill over, because it's true, I am so afraid. Reza comes at me with her arms spread wide. She folds me up and holds me and strokes my hair as I sniffle and get myself back together. I am so grateful for her. For all of them. Yes, they make everything about me more complicated, but at times like these, when I need them, they are my rock.[Chapter 6] Him: I'm clutching the tiny slip of paper with Dusana's number on it in my hand and counting the minutes until three, when Reza told me she would be home. It happened last night while we were clearing dinner dishes. Dusana turned away to deal with Ivanka and Reza was on me, shoving the number into my hand and telling me Dusana was busy at her job cleaning houses until three. I recognized an ally when I saw one. \"Reza, I want to take her to my show tomorrow night. Do you think she'll come?\" Reza looked pensive. \"She'll try not to.\" I was defeated. \"Okay. So she doesn't want that with me. I get it.\" Reza smacked my arm. \"Of course she does! She's just nervous. She'll use Ivanka as her excuse.\" \"But it's okay if she has to take care of her—\" \"She doesn't . Matka and I will watch Ivanka. Dusana can go. Now you just need to convince her.\" \"How do I do that?\" Reza smiled. \"That's your job, loverboy. But I'd try the music if I were you. Your music is her weakness. And your strength.\" So I think about Reza's advice all morning until I know Dusana will be home and I can call. The phone rings four times before someone finally picks up, answering in Czech. I'm pretty sure it's Dusana's mother. \"Is Dusana there?\" I know she doesn't speak English, but I hope that hearing Dusana's name will be enough. \"Počkej,\" she says. I don't know what that means, so I wait. I hear her shout in the background, \"Dusanka!\" Then she comes back on the line. \"You take her out, yes?\" The little faker. She speaks English. She's never once uttered a word of it to me, or acted like she could understand anything I said. Her English isn't good, but it's obvious that she knows some. \"You speak English,\" I accuse. She makes an impatient snort. \"A little. So, you go out with Dusana, yes?\" I swallow hard. This is awkward. Because that's exactly why I'm calling. And while I've gotten the impression that Dusana's mother likes me, I'm not really sure. It's hard to be sure when you don't speak the same language, which I thought we didn't. Sometimes she seems to be encouraging me, but I'm pursuing her recently-separated, single-mother daughter. She might think I'm not a good bet. Sometimes I think so, too. \"Um,\" I stammer, buying some time. \"You want her, yes?\" I close my eyes in embarrassment before I finally admit it. \"Yes.\" \"So you take her out, yes?\" she demands impatiently. \"If she'll come. Yes, I want to take her out.\" \"You ask. I make her go.\" I open my mouth to protest, but she's off, shouting for Dusana again. I finally hear Dusana in the background, muttering in Czech. \"Dobrý den?\" Dusana says. It makes something funny happen in my chest when she speaks Czech. I know it makes no sense. She's saying hello. There's nothing at all romantic or exotic about it, but I can't help it. I love listening to her speak Czech, even when I don't understand a word. \"Dusana, it's Declan.\" \"Oh. Hello.\" \"Listen, I have another show tonight.\" There's silence on her end of the line. \"I see,\" she finally says. \"So you won't come by today?\" \"No! I mean, no, I can't come over, but I was hoping that you'd come to the show.\" I pause. There's silence. \"I'd like you to come. I want you to be there.\" More silence. Then she says, \"I have Ivanka—\" Whatever she was going to say is cut off by a rapid stream of Czech from Dusana's mother in the background. They argue for a moment, a furious exchange of syllables, and then Dusana comes back on. \"Okay.\" I finally exhale. \"Okay?\" \"Yes. I can come. What time?\" *0*0* I told her to come at seven, even though I don't go on until 9:30. I have a plan. I wait at her bus stop at the edge of Temple Bar and the second I see her coming down the steps, I start smiling. I meet her at the bottom, reaching for her hand and leaning down to kiss her cheek at the same time. I'm giving her no chance to retreat back behind her \"all business\" face. Last night I kissed her and she said it was okay. I'm holding her to that. I'm planning on kissing her again tonight. \"You look nice,\" I tell her, because she does. Dusana is pretty unconcerned with her looks, even though she's very attractive. She's left off her jackets and sensible skirts tonight. She's wearing a dress. It's light blue with little flowers on it. It's sheer and I can see her legs through the fluttery skirt. Her hair has a little curl at the ends that's not usually there and she might even be wearing lipstick. She wraps her arm across her waist awkwardly. \"It's Reza's dress.\" \"It looks nice on you.\" She stares up at me with those huge eyes and I have no idea what she's thinking. \"Thank you,\" is all she says. And then, \"What time is your show?\" \"Not until 9:30.\" \"So late?\" she asks, surprised. \"I thought we could get some dinner before. If that's okay.\" Once again, I'm checking with her and once again, she says, \"It's okay.\" As I hold her hand in mine and we make our way through the crowded streets of Temple Bar, I think about her reactions to me, to every tiny move I've made. She's never told me no, at least not this time. She quiet and uncertain, but she's never pushed me away. I think she wants this. I think she wants me . I can't be imagining this thing that's always been between us. It can't be one-sided. When I think about Reza and her mother campaigning for me, pushing her towards me, I think she must be scared. She's so young. It's easy to forget, because she feels and thinks like someone decades older. But she's just a girl, saddled with way too much responsibility for someone so young. And she's only just broken with Marek. I don't know much about him, but I feel his presence lingering in her, between us. It's not enough to make me give up, but I know it will take work to get through it. We have dinner at a little Italian place near the club. It's tiny inside, so we sit with our knees touching and my hand brushes hers every time I reach for my water. Half way through dinner, I stop trying to keep to myself and I settle my hand over hers on the table. Dusana doesn't say anything, but she smiles a little and lets me do it. We talk about Dublin and her family, Ivanka and her mother. I ask her questions about Marek and I don't know why, but I'm surprised to find out she got pregnant accidentally when she was eighteen and that's why they got married. She'd only been at University for a few months when it happened. She dropped out to have Ivanka. I understand so much more about her now that I know this. I'm frustrated for her, this amazing girl with so much potential and a huge soul who had all her options wiped out. Ivanka is a great little girl and it's so obvious every time Dusana looks at her that she adores her and wouldn't change a thing. But still, I hurt for her unrealized future. \"Do you miss him?\" I ask her when I'm feeling brave. She looks up in surprise. \"Miss him? Marek?\" She thinks about that for a minute then shakes her head. \"No, I don't miss him. I asked him to come back because I needed to be sure. For Ivanka's sake. We tried. Well, I tried. Now I know that there was no future for us.\" \"And you don't miss him.\" I squeeze her hand a little. She smiles. \"I don't miss him.\" When we get to the club, I get her set up at a little table just to the right of the stage. It's a tiny space and the stage is only a foot higher than the floor, so she's close. I can almost reach out and touch her. After the sound check, I sit with her and we sip our beers while the club slowly fills up. The doorman told me it's sold out again tonight. This little bar isn't exactly a concert stadium, but I don't want to play concert stadiums. If I can keep this going, playing shows to two hundred people who really love the music, then I'll be a happy man. I'll be even happier if I can get the nervous girl across from me to stick around for it. When it's time to play, I lean down to kiss her cheek again before I head for the stage. Everybody in the club can see me do it, which was kind of my point. I'm all in and I want Dusana to know that. The crowd is good, energetic and enthusiastic. I'm no good at banter, but houses like this make it easier. They like me and they want to be here. I don't need to win them over, I've already done that with the music. They're here to celebrate that music with me, which makes me enjoy it more. We're all in it together. These nights are the best kind. Half way through the set, I take a pause and adjust the mic. \"Can you guys give me a minute? I want to try something new.\" There's a roar of approval and a couple of feminine shrieks and whistles. I smile and hop off the stage, heading back to Dusana. She's looking at me, absolutely terrified. \"What are you doing?\" she hisses, shooing me away with her hand. I grab it and pull her to her feet. \"I want you to do a song with me.\" \"Declan! I can't!\" \"Sure you can. Hey, you did this to me. Remember open mic night? Remember? You said I had to get used to it. So do you. Come on.\" She'd opened her mouth to protest, but she stops when I mention the open mic night last year, because she knows I have her on that one. She forced me into that and she knows it. She was right then, of course. So I'm hoping I'm right now. She's silent, her eyes flicking from me to the crowd and back again. \"It'll be okay,\" I say gently. \"You can do this. You have done this. It'll be just like the studio.\" \"Except for all those people.\" \"Don't tell me the brave Dusana is afraid.\" Her chin goes up, just like I knew it would and she swallows hard. I tug on her hand again and take a step back. \"Come play with me. Please?\" Her shoulders sag and I see her surrender in her eyes. She's still wary and nervous, but she follows me up on stage. There's a piano to one side that's always there, and I scoot the bench out for her so she can sit. Her fingers run over the top of it as she does, and it makes me smile, knowing it's her little way of greeting the instrument that she's about to play. I lean down and whisper the name of the song in her ear, my hand resting on her shoulder. I feel her inhale under my palm and I squeeze before I let go. Back at the mic, I smile at the audience. \"I asked my friend, Dusana, to play a couple of songs with me and I got her to say yes, so be nice to her, okay?\" The crowd roars its assent. I glance back at her and she's watching me, hands in her lap, smiling just a little. I look back at the crowd. \"She's important. To me and to the music. I wouldn't be here tonight without her.\" I start to play, and then to sing. Dusana is just to my left and when I turn to look at her, she's there, fingers on the keys, waiting for me to cue her. When I do, she joins in, playing and singing, and the song transcends. It's good when it's just me and a guitar. When she's there, too, it's great. We're great. The audience is silent, absolutely transfixed. They're as enthralled as I am by this slip of a girl who transforms me simply by standing beside me. This is when I can see our future. Moments like these make me know that the two of us together are so much more than either one of us alone. I just need Dusana to know that. Once she starts playing, her uncertainty is gone. She forgets the crowd and her nerves. None of that matters when we play together. We play through that song and two more, each one better as we find our rhythm. By the time we're done, the crowd is shouting and she's smiling. I hold out my hand for her and she gets up, coming to stand next to me and hold it. I thank the crowd, I thank her. She bows, they scream, she smiles. I feel like I'm flying. As the MC takes the mic, we make our escape, off the side of the stage. I keep going, pulling her after me down the hall that leads to the bathrooms. I stop half way and turn to her, pulling her into my arms to hug her. She's laughing, high on our performance. Her arms reach up around my shoulders, squeezing tight. \"That was amazing. I told you that you could do it.\" \"It feels incredible,\" she says, leaning back to look at me, \"to feel them enjoying it so much while you play.\" \"I know.\" Her smile is radiant, and her dark eyes are sparkling. She's alive, on fire, and so beautiful. I can't help it. I lean down to kiss her. Not a kiss on the cheek, or even the gentle goodnight kiss from yesterday. I kiss her. She hesitates for just a moment, and I can feel her breath catch in her body, before she responds and kisses back. Reaching up, my fingertips brush her cheek and the side of her neck before sliding back into her hair. I tilt her face and deepen it. Her hands come up to my sides, her fingers curling into my shirt to hang on. When I open my mouth over hers, she does the same, and the little flame in my chest that always burns for her bursts into a bonfire. I wrap my arm around her waist and pull her in closer. We fall back against the wall and that's where we stay for a long time, kissing, touching, not speaking at all, as this brand new thing unfolds between us. Some bloke sidles past on his way to the bathroom, chuckling as he goes, and it breaks the spell. We break apart, breathing hard. Her arms are still around my waist and I'm still cradling her head in my palm. I don't want to let her go. I want this to go on forever. She seems to feel the same way, because she rests her forehead on my chest and sighs. \"I have to go soon,\" she whispers. I kiss the top of her head and run my hand down her back. Her waist dips in tiny before flaring out to her hip and I rest my palm there, curling my fingers into her to pull her closer. \"I'll take you home.\" \"You don't have to—\" \"I want to,\" I tell her with a smile. And then I kiss her again for emphasis. And then we get distracted by that and we kiss for a while longer. This has been building between the two of us for so long, and now that it's finally here, I never want to stop. But we have to eventually. Dusana pulls back and murmurs, \"Mama will be worried.\" I dip my head and kiss the side of her neck, working my way up towards her ear. The little sigh she makes goes straight through me. \"No, she won't. Not if you're with me.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You know she speaks English?\" \"Only a little and not—wait.\" She pulls back to look at me and reluctantly, I leave her neck alone, although I keep my hands laced behind her back. \"How do you know that?\" \"Because she spoke English when she told me to take you out earlier today.\" \"She said that?\" I grin and nod. \"I think she likes me.\" \"I think she is very nosy,\" Dusana gripes. I laugh. \"She means well. Come on. I'll take you home.\" We slip out the side door of the bar and wind through the crowded streets of Temple Bar hand-in-hand. Every few minutes, I stop and pull her into me so I can kiss her again. The night feels glorious and I feel like the king of it all. When we finally get on the bus, we settle into the very back seat and I pull her into my side where we kiss some more on the way to her neighborhood. The bus is nearly empty and there's no one sitting near us. Things get heated. My hand is on her leg. She's gripping the back of my neck, pulling my head down as we kiss. We're half-reclining into the corner of the seats. Then my hand is under the hem of her dress, curling around her knee, my fingertips finding the hot, silky skin along the back of her thigh. Everything in me wants more, but it's not going to happen here. So I sit back and confine myself to an arm around her shoulders. We don't talk about it, but I think she's thinking the same thing as she straightens up. She sighs as she leans into me, though, and it's so good to feel her with me like this, to finally know her physically the way I have emotionally for so long. We fit this way, too, like we've always been together like this, like we already know each other. When we get to her house, she stops me on the front step, even though I want to walk her all the way upstairs and inside. \"They're all asleep and Andrej has to get up so early in the morning. I don't want to wake them.\" \"So I'll say goodnight now, I guess. Can I come see you tomorrow? I don't have a show.\" \"I'd like that.\" I can see her smiling in the dark. I kiss her again, one more, long and thorough, to last me until I see her again, before she slips inside. I wait on the sidewalk until I see a dim light come on upstairs, and then I finally turn for my Da's place, walking the whole way so I can replay the night again in my head.[Chapter 7] Her: The night before, I fell into bed without a single thought in my head. I was drunk on Declan, flying on the feeling of his lips on mine and his hands on my body. But the morning always comes too soon, with bright light and a little face in mine and her voice calling, \"Mama, get up! Get up!\" As I fumble through the morning, making Ivanka's breakfast and getting her dressed, getting myself dressed, last night feels further and further away, like a really good dream that fades the longer I'm awake. Even the evidence I see in my mirror, my lips slightly swollen and the faint red scrapes on my neck from his stubbly face, don't convince me that it was real. I look up from buttoning my shirt to see Reza lounging in the bathroom door. She's smiling like a cat who ate the canary. \"It looks like someone knows how to kiss a girl properly,\" she smirks. \"Oh, hush!\" \"What?\" she laughs. \"You are a mess. And that's a good thing.\" \"You like seeing me so confused?\" She pushes off the door and drops her hands to my shoulders, looking at me in the mirror. \"Yes, I do. I think it's good for you. He's good for you, if you would only relax and let yourself enjoy him.\" She flicks the collar of my shirt with one finger. \"Is that a hickey?\" \"Reza!\" She just laughs. \"Mama!\" Ivanka shrieks, darting into the room and barreling into my legs. \"Babička říká—\" \"English, please.\" Ivanka sighs. \"Grandma says you need to brush my hair.\" \"Oh, she does, does she? Turn around.\" I start working a brush through Ivanka's tangled hair as she whines and fusses. \"Is he coming today?\" Reza asks. I nod, although I can't begin to reconcile Declan and me last night with myself today, late for work and trying to brush my daughter's hair. I don't know how he will, either. I finish tying back Ivanka's hair and she's off like a shot to the other room. Reza puts her hand on my shoulder again and turns me to face her. \"Dusana, listen to me. Stop thinking. Stop trying to talk him and yourself out of this thing.\" \"But—\" \"No buts. Just be with him, and see where it takes you. You have earned this happiness in your life. Just take it, for once. Please?\" I close my eyes and nod, still not entirely convinced. Reza mutters to herself in Czech before kissing my forehead and leaving the bathroom. Alone again, I turn back to the mirror to look at myself. I still look young. So very young, even though my eyes look older and my soul feels ancient. I am tired. I feel like I have spent my whole life being strong, being brave, being someone's wife, someone's mother. I stepped foot into adulthood and went right into battle, and I've been fighting ever since. Maybe Reza is right. Maybe this is my turn, my time. I keep holding back, afraid to let myself feel this happy for fear it will all go away and I'll be hurt. But it's too late. I already feel it. I feel so much. I have felt it ever since I met Declan, ever since he played for me and we played together. I feel and I've hurt without him. Maybe, if I can be brave one more time and reach out for him, I can hang onto this thing we have. Maybe it's time to finally win. *0*0* Him: When Dusana opens the door for me, I reach out for her and pull her into the hallway before she can say a word. She's just opening her mouth to protest when I shut her up with a kiss. Her hands flutter at her sides in confusion for a second before she gives in and grabs hold of my shoulders. I don't stop until she's relaxed and kissing me back. Finally, I pull away. \"Hi.\" \"Hi,\" she breathes, eyes still half-closed. \"What was that for?\" \"I knew you wouldn't let me kiss you hello in front of Ivanka or anyone else.\" \"Oh. You're right.\" \"See how well I know you?\" She laughs a little and starts to pull me inside, but I stop her. \"It's a beautiful afternoon. Come for a walk with me? I mean, if it's okay to leave Ivanka.\" Dusana thinks about it for just a moment, and I can see her weighing something in her mind. Then she says, \"She's watching that police show with Švec. She won't even notice I'm gone.\" I smile and take her hand in mine. *0*0* We go back to the little park near her flat, but we sit on the benches in the shade of the trees this time, since Ivanka isn't with us. I set my guitar case by my feet and we hold hands for a bit, watching the traffic go by out on the street. \"Hey, I wrote a little something this morning. Can I play it for you?\" She nods, so I get out my guitar. I play the little bit of chorus and bridge I came up with over breakfast. She chews on her bottom lip, thinking and watching me. \"Hmmm, I like it, but do that second part in a minor key instead of major.\" She hums what she means and I play it again. It's better. \"Any words yet?\" she asks. \"Just some sappy stuff about a pretty girl,\" I reply with a smile. She nearly blushes as she smiles herself. \"Well, maybe I can help with that part.\" I lean across my guitar to kiss her briefly. \"You are that part.\" She sighs and I set my guitar to the side. I scoot closer, pulling her into me and bending to kiss her again, for real. Everything about Dusana is tiny. The back of her neck where my palm rests feels as thin as a blade of grass. But there's also this fierce strength in her, just under the surface all the time, like steel in her veins. She's one of the strongest people I've ever known. I don't know why that makes me touch her so gently. I want her to know she can be soft with me. She can need me. We lean back on the bench, my arm around her shoulders. She feels perfect tucked into my side. \"So,\" I begin, \"I thought I might look for a flat. Of my own. Maybe near here.\" She's silent as she absorbs that. \"So you're staying in Dublin, then?\" \"Yeah, I am.\" \"Is that okay? With your music? Your career?\" I shrug. \"I'll make it work.\" \"Don't stay for me.\" I crane my head back so I can look down at her. \"Of course I'm doing it for you.\" She opens her mouth to protest, but I reach up to put a finger over her lips. \"But I'm doing it for me, too. I'm from Dublin. It's who I am. It's in my music. I don't want to live anywhere else. Besides, you're in my music, too. It's not the same when you're not part of it.\" She sighs. \"Declan…\" \"I mean it, Dusana. This is important to me. Really important.\" She twists her fingers together in her lap. \"It's important to me, too,\" she says in a small voice. \"Good,\" I say, putting a finger under her chin and turning her face up to mine. \"Now we've got that sorted.\" \"I don't want you to limit yourself to be with me. It's not fair.\" \"I don't see it that way.\" \"You have so much potential, Declan.\" \"So do you. Dusana, why are you trying to talk me out of this? What are you so scared of?\" She closes her eyes and sighs. \"You. This. It scares me. It scares me because I want it so much and I'm afraid I can't make it work.\" \"It's not all on you to make it work. It's up to me, too.\" \"My life is very complicated. It will be hard.\" \"Is that all I can be? Another complication in your life?\" She shakes her head quickly. \"No. Not just a complication. But you will complicate things. It can't be avoided.\" She's holding my hand between both of hers now, tracing the veins on the back with her thumb. I'm beginning to understand her now. Her words might be all uncertainty and doubt, but the way she's touching me, holding on to me, tells me she wants me. She just doesn't know how to reach out for me. So I'll do the reaching for now. \"Dusana, I know it will be hard. And you know that better than I can right now. But I'm here. I want you. I'm not leaving. So we'll have to figure it out. I just hope you feel like I'm worth the work it will take.\" At that, her head snaps up and her eyes blaze. She reaches up and takes my face in her hands. \"You have always been worth it. Always. Declan, you are a miracle to me. A dream. Dreams are just hard to hold onto in the daytime.\" I reach up to hold her face, too, leaning down to her. \"Listen to me. We are real. What we have is real. Your life and Ivanka are reality, but last night, playing with me in front of those people, being with me afterwards, that was reality, too. It can be your reality. Just hang on to me and we'll do it. We'll take the leap together and we'll figure it out. Because I love you. I don't know about the rest, but I know that. That's what I believe in.\" Her eyes are brimming with tears and she can't speak, so she just nods. I lean in and kiss her, and it's a little harsh and messy, overflowing with all this emotion we haven't yet sorted through. But she hangs on to me and kisses me back and I know− I know − that we'll be okay. She pulls back a little, running her hands down my neck to my shoulders and back up to my face again, like her fingertips are memorizing every inch of me. \"Do you remember, last year, the night we went up to the hill?\" I nod, smiling. That night with her, staring out at a darkened Dublin, was when I knew that something had started between us, a fire that would be hard to put out. Impossible, it turned out. \"Do you remember when you asked me about Marek? You asked me how to say 'do you still love him' in Czech?\" \"Yes, I remember everything about that night.\" \"I lied to you. When I told you how to say it, that's not what I said.\" \"What did you say to me?\" \"I said, 'I love you'.\" \"Dusana…did you mean it?\" She nods and the tears finally spill over, streaking down her face. I brush them away and then smooth her hair back out of her face. \"I couldn't feel that way about you. It was impossible. But I did. I do.\" \"Believe in that, Dusana—the way you feel. It was impossible, but it happened anyway. That should tell you something.\" Our faces are so close together that I can feel her breath on my lips. She's got one arm behind my neck and she's tracing my lips with her fingers. \"Reza says we share the same soul, you and me.\" I smile against her fingertips. \"I think Reza's right about that.\" \"That's why it hurt so much when you went to America. You took half my soul with you.\" I shake my head. \"No, I left mine here with you. That's why I came back. And it's why I'm not leaving again. Not unless you come with me.\" I kiss her then and it feels right. More real and right than anything has in my entire life. She's my truth and my spirit, she's the heart that beats inside every note I play. She's right—she's my soul. ","Summary":" A/N: If you've read my fics before, be aware: this is not Twific! This is based in the universe of "},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"Aloysia","Author":"starfishies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12034298","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 - Summer in Mannheim It was warm that summer. Warmer than usual. The air was thick with unshed rain, there was no way to escape it. The heat clung to everything, it made you weary. The ladies hid inside, the men sighed – sweat running down from their brows, their collars seeming to close in, ever tighter as the sun rose. If only for a breeze, or a summer storm, to free us from the slow suffocation of summer in Mannheim! It was early still and I lay in bed, ill from the heat, unable to dress for I could not bear the torture of a gown – not today! As I stared up at the ceiling, plaster cracking, their spidery fingers reaching out across the surface, I prayed for some relief. Perhaps if I simply lay here, I will be transported away. My mother clattered around downstairs, baking, washing, tidying – there must be another boarder coming in. Maybe they will be someone exotic, from a far away land. Maybe he will be handsome? Perhaps he will be mysterious? One can only hope! Our last guest, if he may be called, was a repulsive man. Round, red cheeked and brash. The sight of him at our family table, clutching his fork like a child – spewing bits of his meal as he spoke – lord, give me strength! He kissed my hand as he left, as if to apologize for his nature, I shudder at the memory. My mother tisked, I should only hope to wed such an entrepreneur she said. He would ensure a comfortable life. Isn't that what it is all about? Isn't that all there is to hope for? Comfortable. How I wish papa were still well, that our family was whole. Mama is surely stressed, there is simply too much to do! Three girls, ready to be wed – how can she help us to find suitable husbands if she is constantly fighting to make ends meet? I hummed to myself, dreaming of wintery scenes, what a delight it would be to travel back! The gentle tin, tin, tin of carriages carting families through the snow – parties, oh how I love parties! Feasts, song and good company. Papa would delight in song, he would call for carols and lied, which my sisters and I lovingly chortled for family and friends. Alyosia , he'd say, one day you will be a great star of the stage! It could have been my daydreaming, or perhaps it was real – there, as I lay, I began to hear the faint sounds of carriages. The rhythmic jingles, at first sounding distant, they began to grow louder. I sat up and squinted through the lace curtains. There! A carriage coming up the lane! Alyosia! mama called, her voice faint through the floor boards Girls – dress quickly, our guest is arriving! It took the better part of an hour before I was downstairs, fit for guests. I hoped that our next guest would come and go quietly, without causing any grief for the rest of us. As I came to the top of the stairs, there he was. A boy Wolfgang! Papa exclaimed with a large grin as the door opened. Papa stood, beaming in the doorway as the boy struggled with his luggage. He was alone? Where was his father? I wondered silently. What a fantastic man my uncle. Educated, modest and talented. Uncle Leopold was a respected man, a scholar and had even published a book. A far cry from my quaint upbringing in this rooming lodge. How I envied the Mozarts, their own father at the helm of their musical tutelage, what a gift. What one could accomplish with such an experience. And cousin Nannerl, such a darling girl – and a talented pianist herself, what a shame to live under the shadows of the trained pet. I have not laid eyes on you since you were a young boy, how you have grown! And your beautiful mother, I hope she is well? He blushed, his lashes fluttering downwards – how feminine, un jeune homme I thought to myself. He struggled with some bags, a case perhaps? A violinist – of course. Coming to Mannheim to make his fortune…I suppose the tokens he had collected across Europe as a small child had finally dried up. His father had clearly sent him out to find his own way. Yes sir, she sends her best wishes of course. He gently deposited the violin on the floor and smoothed out the edges of his jacket preparing to shake hands, though Papa seemed to dismiss the cue. I truly appreciate this offer sir, I am forever in your debt to allow me to stay with your family while I search for opportunities here in town. Never mind the formalities child, come, come! Meet my darling daughters, as I am sure they look quite different than the last time you were here! Papa laughed, Constanze and I shared a brief glance. Being the eldest in the room, I was presented first. Papa nudged me gently. The young man stepped close enough for me to see his impish little grin, and his unwashed, tussled hair. When I extended my hand, we were scantly eye to eye – Herr Mozart, I knelt gently, welcome . This, my boy, is Alyosia. Papa grinned, obviously taking much joy in this awkward reintroduction. I felt his hand take mine. Soft and fine – not unlike that of a woman. Cool to the touch. How odd I thought, no callouses, obviously he had never witnessed a hard day's work . As I lifted my gaze, our eyes met. My breath ceased, I was seemingly frozen by his gaze. The blue orbs were mesmerizingly deep, an ocean of soul. What did I see there? A flash of sadness ? He quickly pulled away and turned to my papa for the next introduction. Constanze, and of course – young miss Sophie. He smiled sweetly, taking each hand Enchante He was young. He was thin. A sickly child, turned man. Hardly any different than the young boy who visited many years ago, playing little tunes on our keyboard while his father proudly boasted about his outlandish talents. So much talent that here he is, struggling to find a place for himself in the world – out from under the watchful eye of his father. He won't last here in Mannheim, I'm sure of it. Perhaps a small rural town such as Salzburg could be wooed by his musical stunts, but an artistic mecca such as this city, surely the critics will not easily be impressed. If the letters from uncle are true, then the young Mozart has come to find work as a composer – though it won't be as easy as that.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 - A Nice German Tune Dinner was boisterous, Papa telling his stories – gesturing with his hands as Mama blushed and giggled. Our guest was laughing right along with them, all shyness lost. Having settled in to his room not long after introductions, Herr Mozart had returned downstairs for dinner dressed to impress, Constanze raised an eyebrow from across the table. In his deep red coat and fresh shirt, he gave the air of a sophisticated young aristocrat. Salzburg may be a small town, but Herr Mozart was adorned in the latest fashions from Paris. Royal red velvet and delicately stitched gold trim, I'm certain his fine coat was no cast off. Likely a gift from an heiress, a baroness or some wealthy patron who couldn't resist clothing the poor child. I felt a mild ting of jealousy, if only my voice could bring me such luxuries. Performing private concerts, being adored by patrons and sponsors alike, like a greedy song bird I would collect every gift and relish the accolade. Surely I would find a suitor, parading around in the finest gowns one could wear. I fingered the lace of my own skirt under the table. As if reading my thoughts, Herr Mozart turned to me Do you still sing Frauline ? He remembers that? He must have read it in Papa's letters to Salzburg for we were only children when we met last. On occasion Herr Mozart, I answered, we all sing. A small smile crept across his lips, calculating, I should like to hear you, he paused, hear you all sing. Nonsense! Papa exclaimed, The girls will gladly sing for you, of course – if you will grace us with a tune of your own. I would be delighted Herr Weber Mozart grinned and drummed his fingers on the table, I would be delighted! At the keyboard, he sat gently pressing keys – thirds, octaves, a few simple chords. Turning his head ever so slightly, listening, closing his eyes as the strings rang out. He was assessing the intonation, I knew, he was learning the imperfections. Ladies, do you have a favourite hymn? Mozart asked, gently playing a non descript melody with one finger. He began to play excerpts from popular tunes, raising his eyebrows in question as he smoothly modulated from one song to the next. All the while we did not answer, he began to ornament – decorating and performing variations, to the point that the piece took on a whole new life. All from memory, without laughed heartily, slapping his knee, Oh Wolfgang you play games with my daughters! Pick one, Aloysia – he can play them all. He can play anything. Anything ? I challenged Je pense que oui his eyes twinkled, clearly his competitive side was awakened. He sat silently, waiting for my cue – hands resting flat on his knees Without skipping a beat, I began Tristes apprets, I sang sweetly, almost inaudibly above the din of the room, pales flambeaux…. I continued, louder still – shaping the legato phrase Mozart, breathing in with me, began to accompany gently, mimicking my sensitivity Jours plus affreux que les tenebres. Astres lugubres des tombeaux. I was vaguely aware as I continued to sing that the accompaniment had died away, perhaps he did not know the chordal structure, the progression or tune of the last few bars – I felt musical triumph as I breathed low and gently sculpted the final phrase. Non,je ne verrais plus que vos clartes funebres... As I resolved the final pitch Herr Mozart sighed softly, staring at the keys in front of him. Herr Mozart, are you not familiar with that aria? I turned to him, rather coy. He sat quietly, Of course Frauline Our eyes met I know it well, but your As are sharp He paused and your diction is not quite clear enough for the Rameau, perhaps a nice German tune instead? I stood at the edge of the piano, brows furrowed – furious! How dare he? He began to squirm, sensing my displeasure – Or, perhaps we just skip to desert? He giggled awkwardly. The room laughed with him in response to the awkward tension - which in turn spurred more laughter. All were laughing and giggling All but me.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 - Fashions of the Stage The next morning was fair. Cooler winds had come through the night and dawn was fresh and bright. Finally a break from the oppressive heat - the curtains ruffled gently in the breeze and I breathed in the sweet smell of summer that wafted from the open window. Papa and Wolfgang had stayed up late into the evening, discussing the latest news from Salzburg. Sharing views on art, politics and the most recently premiered operas in the city. Papa adored him, even after he had humiliated me for my choice of song. Of course, Papa did not see it that way Aloysia my dear, please calm yourself. Wolfgang has a very sensitive ear and is merely sharing his gift. You would not want undue flattery? He did not mean to insult your beautiful voice, in fact I think he quite liked your performance! He was simply offering a critique. You could learn something from him perhaps? We should enquire about lessons while he is staying with us. Oh papa – really! Please forgive me Frauline, I did not intend to insult you. Mozart stepped forward in to the parlour, having overheard the exchange with Papa. I felt the heat rushing to my cheeks, wishing I could simply disappear. He sputtered sheepishly, Sometimes I speak before I think – I really did enjoy your choice of song. French or not – you have a lovely voice. Comparable to any diva on stage today! There! You see my dear? He loved it! After replaying that scene over several times in my mind, I finally closed my eyes, feeling content to lie in bed all day. Perhaps this way, I could avoid all future encounters with Herr Mozart. This truly seemed like an excellent plan. Until I heard it. The eerie groan of fiddle strings being slackened, tightened, coaxed into harmony with one another. Then, fingers - whizzing up and down. Scales. Arpeggios. Scales. More scales. Please no I whispered to under my breath. Louder. Faster. Sighing I sat up, pressing my palm to my temple. Good morning to you too I said with a groan. The scales skipped a few beats, then continued. I resigned myself to wash and dress. Clearly this was not going to end. Downstairs the dining room was buzzing with activity, my sisters and Papa already seated as Mama fluttered about, bringing dishes to the table. Aloysia – you are late this morning Mama scolded Our lovely songbird! My dear, you look absolutely stunning this morning Pape ignored the scolding I apologize Mama I whispered, kissing Papa's cheek before sitting at his side. I had a bit of a headache from all the noise this morning. In truth, the extra time this morning was spent dressing in an appropriate gown. Comparable to any diva on stage, Herr Mozart ? Then I shall dress like one. Lace, or silk ? Velvet ? Papa had ensured that I had many lovely gowns to choose from, despite our modest means. He loved his daughters dearly and would provide the finest materials, shoes and toys. He adored lavishing us beyond his quickly diminishing fortune. Papa would never allow us to go without – keeping up appearances was of highest importance, he was a man of great pride. Carefully powdering, outlining my lips, darkening my lashes. I stared into the mirror before me, was I as beautiful as Papa claimed? What would my husband look like? Would he appreciate my features? Herr Mozart's lashes are far more beautiful than my own. What I wouldn't give for their feathery soft length, a beautiful frame for his deep blue eyes. I pushed the thought from my mind as I tightly laced my corset, a woman's shape is her beauty , Mama would always say. I could dress as well as any diva or songstress. You are not the only fashionable one Herr Mozart. Shortly after I settled at the breakfast table, Mozart swept in smiling. Good morning! He looked as if he was dining with the Emperor – in a beautiful pale silk waistcoat with gold filigree, large gold buttons with ornate engravings and a well pressed shirt. A wig in his natural blonde, neatly tied back at the nape of his neck with a dark ribbon. I dare say, almost handsome. Wolfgang – good morning, I hope you slept well Papa said, barely finishing his last mouthful. Yes sir, absolutely Mozart stood behind the empty chair to my side, fingering the carvings along the top. He looked down at me and said softly, I apologize for the noise I did not respond, colour rushing to my cheeks, I continued to avoid his gaze, instead staring straight ahead to my sister who giggled. Suddenly my plate became very interesting. His comment was no mistake, and it was at this point that I realized just how thin the walls of this old home must be. I prayed that he had not heard more. Pulling the chair out from the table, he slid in beside me. Close enough that I could see the faint shadows beginning along his jaw, and smell the sweet scent of lavender powder. Turning towards me, he cleared his throat So my dear, when would you like to begin? I narrowed my brows, what was he talking about? Sensing my confusion, his eyes darted to Papa, then back to me. Then back to Papa. Herr Weber? There was silence, I don't suppose you discussed the lessons with Alyosia? Lessons? I choked Papa grinned, Yes! Yes! Aloysia dear, while Wolfgang is staying with us, he will tutor you on keyboard. You will begin today. Papa I really don't - Yes. He barked sternly, making Mozart jump . Papa soften and continued, Today, they being today. Thank you Wolfgang, she will be ready for you at 10 o'clock. Mozart slowly turned to me with a sheepish smile and he was met with a furious scowl. Wide-eyed, he froze, and then giggled nervously in an attempt to diffuse the tension in the room. I suddenly had lost my appetite. Excuse me, I whispered as I pushed away from the table and quickly flew up the stairs.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 - A Lesson in C It was mid morning and Mozart was already at the keyboard, playing music that he had found on the library shelf. Old melodies of Bach, Handel and Gluck. We were fortunate to have many lovely pieces in our home, among my Papa's favourite pastimes was collecting. He was always buying, trading and searching for new pieces to have on our shelves. Music for us to sing and celebrate. All of his daughters were accomplished singers, having brought ourselves to this point with little instruction. We had a natural gift for song, my own voice the most melodious of the family. I often attended productions in town and I would close my eyes, ignoring the beautiful backdrops and scene changes – simply absorbing the voices on stage. Noticing the small nuances, hoping to copy their trained skill in my own singing, I would listen intently. The Weber family socials were famous throughout the village, our music making brought joy to our friends and family. In my own write, I had reasonable accolade and had been encouraged by many of our town musicians to pursue a career on stage. I would be lying if I said I hadn't considered it. I stood just outside the door of the room, listening to him practice. He played beautifully, as if the keys were an extension of his own spirit. More than technical skill, there was art to his song. I waited, listening to him work. Perhaps he will forget about Papa's arrangement, and I will avoid this situation entirely! What do I need from keyboard lessons? I'm sure Papa had arranged this purely for my own torture. Frauline Weber, you may come in. He called from his seat at the keyboard, straining to peek around the door way from where he sat. Curse! He knew I was here, there was no chance of avoidance now. I froze in place, should I go in? Suddenly, he appeared next to me, extending his hand in gentle gesture. Madam ? He giggled softly - dramatically bowing in jest, Are you ready to begin ? Raising his eyebrows expectantly Yes – let us begin. Picking up the hem of my skirt, I walked past his hand into the parlour, leaving him standing just outside the door, baffled. I was no child and would not play his silly games. If it was a lesson Papa wanted, I would take the lesson, but that is all. Alright ... He seemed confused by my cool nature, but quickly followed suit, Please have a seat. He said pulling the bench out for me. I obliged, sitting with the heavy fabric of my gown cascading over the edges of the seat, ensuring that there was indeed no chance he could come near. You look lovely this morning, you did not have to dress formally for this occasion. He winked as he pulled a chair close to the keyboard, sitting with his elbow on the edge of the keyboard rather casually. I wouldn't presume Herr Mozart . I replied curtly, causing him to frown slightly. He was disappointed I was not a willing participant in his flirtatious teasing. Regardless Frau Weber, he smiled again, I appreciate your taste in fashion. Let's begin with some scales, shall we? My cheeks betrayed me as I felt colour rushing to the surface after his compliment. Quietly I placed my hands on the keys and began with C major. As time continued, we delved into repertoire. Despite his childish nature, he spoke professionally about my playing, offering corrections when due. I do hate to admit, he was a fine teacher. Frauline, may I show you? Reaching over my hands, he played the melody of a short passage, to demonstrate the rhythm. Do you hear the difference in duration? Play it for me again from bar 9. I complied, he shook his head as I attempted the same passage again. Making the same error as before. No – please, let me show you again. Listen carefully. He played once again, emphasizing the triplet. I sighed frustratedly, I believe I played it just as you demonstrated Herr Mozart. Without hesitation – or warning - he slide his right hand under my own. I was startled by this and I began to protest – Herr Mozart I… He raised his free hand to hush me - Just allow your hand to follow my own, feel the pattern as I play. He slowly began to repeat from bar 9, the triplet rhythm, allowing my fingers to follow his movements, his fingers dancing underneath my own. Do you see? He said as he continued to play, though I had long since stopped listening to his instruction. I felt my own pulse in my throat. I swallowed hard, trying to rid myself of that uncomfortable thump, thump, thump. It was as if my ears had swollen shut, everything sounded distant - muted. All I could hear was the piano. I felt his body leaning over mine, the linen of his collar grazing my neck as he reached around to add the left hand, completing the harmony. It was beautiful. Hypnotic. The melody began pouring out from the instrument as I remained stunned by his precision, his phrasing, his closeness. As the final cadence resolved, he paused. Hovering above the keys, he chuckled – the rumble in his chest sending vibrations down my spine. I shifted forward to escape the contact. A lovely piece, don't you think ? He pulled away, righting himself as he stood tall, smoothing out his waistcoat. I blinked, staring emptily at the score in front of me. I felt warm, my cheeks reddening once again, I lowered my eyes, choosing instead to focus on my hands as I folded them on my skirt. A few moments of silence passed between us when he finally spoke, So shall we stop here for today? I nodded slowly, not lifting my gaze from my hands. It felt as if I was voiceless, I could not speak – my chest felt tight and my insides churned, making me feel ill. What was this spell? He seemed unaffected – or perhaps he was simply better at masking his symptoms. Oh and Frauline, I do wish you would call me Wolfgang. I stood slowly, turning to face him as he organized a stack of manuscripts on the side table. Clearly he was already working on something, a symphony, or an opera?Holding his stack of papers, he stepped closer, May I call you Aloysia? Unable to answer I simply nodded slowly, sliding out from behind the bench. Thank you. I managed to squeak out softly as I quickly left the parlour – unable to remain in his proximity any longer. I'll see you tomorrow? He called after me, but I did not answer.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 - The Garden Trail Later that evening, I sat in the garden. An old birch tree hung grandly above Mama's flower garden. It proudly featured our childhood swing – which Papa had crafted out of pine and an old fisherman's rope he had acquired on one of his many trades. We would spend hours out here, squealing with delight as we pushed one another and chased each other around the yard until we fell down dizzy from exhaustion. Long ago were those days. Before the rules, before the heels, corsets and wigs. Sometimes I lust for that freedom once again. Sitting on the old wooden swing, I watched the silhouettes inside the kitchen through the open window. Dimly lit, they bustled back and forth – clearing the tables, washing up the china. I could faintly make out the features of Mama, over seeing my sisters as they prepared the tea for desert. Every evening, Papa would sit in the parlour and read from his many books. My sisters and I would practice piano or sing, Mama would scurry about – fetching, cleaning, and feeding. There was always something to be done. On occasion, she would sit and listen to one of our songs. Hymns were her favourite. I slowly dangled my feet as the swing creaked gently back and forth – allowing my bare toes to slide through the dewy grass. This was always my favourite time of day, after sunset, when all is calm. Often I would sneak away to be with my thoughts, my own secret palace amongst the roses and lilies. I had freed myself from my heavy skirts and wore a simple cotton frock, hair down and shoes long since abandoned. I could breathe here, relax. Smoke teased out of the chimney, a faint smell of burning embers hung in the air as crickets sang their tune. Looking up, the sky was darkening and the gentle light of stars was beginning to shine through the broken clouds. May I join you ? I jumped, shaken from my daydream. I didn't mean to interrupt…. Herr Mozart stepped closer, he too had abandoned his fineries. I could now see his true strawberry hair, even in the dim light it shone several colours of red and blonde. A shade my sisters and I would be most envious of. You did not interrupt Herr Mozart, I was simply thinking to myself. I adjusted the neckline of my dress, embarrassed to be seen in such a simple state. Please, Wolfgang – I insist. He inched closer still, I came outside to get some air, but if I am disturbing you I will go for a walk instead. But maybe, you would like to escort me? You are familiar with these paths no? My cheeks flushed at the offer, though he was unlikely to see in the dim light. How I wanted to dislike this man, but I could not ignore his eyes. They were deep and full, framed by his dark and feathery lashes. I could hardly look away, though I felt nervous under his gaze. Of course. I stood from the swing, The garden gate there is a path that leads to a stream if we head this way. He gestured his hand forward, silently suggesting I lead on. Barefoot, I tip toed through the grass, looking back over my shoulder to the kitchen window. We will make it a quick trip, so Papa does not worry. He agreed with a nod of his head, beginning to follow me. Once out of the yard and in to a small forested path, I smiled to myself. Freedom. I occasionally looked back to ensure my traveller was not falling behind. He kept good pace, though he had the advantage of shoes. I had picked through this trail many times before, and was confident even in darkness to lead him to the small stream near our home. It was a popular summer resting place, often the children from the village would come to swim in an attempt to escape the heat of the high season. I paused before a steep rock pile, assessing a way to climb to the top – Is this where the trail ends? No. I grinned, This is the fun part Hiking up the skirt of my dress, I pulled myself up to the top of the stones without much effort. Come on Wolfgang – it's an easy climb! I looked down at him triumphantly from the top of the tallest boulder. He paused, unsure of going forward. Unlikely that in his sheltered childhood had he ever had the freedom to explore nature, as I had. Constantly on parade, meeting nobility, performing in grand homes and palaces. Not much of a childhood if you ask me. Crouching near the edge of the stones I extended my hands down to him, Come on! I'll help pull you up! I grinned as he grasped my hands and began to clamber up the steep footing. Small rocks tumbled down as he slipped his way up to the peak. Straining against his weight, I leaned back to leverage as much as I could. If you drop me Frauline….. He laughed through his struggles, half silly – half threatening. I – won't – drop – I grunted each word through my teeth, pulling him over in one final tug – you! The inertia of the final pull had knocked me flat on my back, Mozart having toppled over with me. Panting, he smiled down at me, chest to chest. His weight was slowly crushing me, but I couldn't make myself care. My body tingled from head to toe, my breathing ceased. In this moment, I realized, he was beautiful. His breathing slowed to normal and his smile faded as he realized my concentration. Frauline ? Aloysia. I whispered, breathlessly His eyes darted back and forth, unsure of how to respond – I felt an ache in my stomach, deep inside. Whatever it was, I had a carnal desire for it, an urge like I had never experienced. Aloysia. He whispered back softly, pausing before pressing his lips to mine. My eyes fluttered closed as stars exploded and the heat in my body radiated forth. When the kiss broke, I turned my head, gasping for air under the crushing weight of his body. The fervent kisses continued down my neck. His hands found my sides and slid up to the front of my frock, tugging at the buttons to free my chest. Continuing his ministrations, his lips travelled further down still, nudging the top of my corset with his nose, gently trying to unhook the contraption with his slender fingers. I squirmed and arched up to his kisses, lust taking over, I was blind. Finally unclasping the top of my stays, he gently lifted my breasts to the cool night air. He kneeled, silently staring in appreciation as I lay bare chest beneath him. In this brief pause, my mind cleared and my hands flew to cover myself instinctively. We are very late – I began to sit up, scrambling upright, feeling around in the dark for my blouse. No no no…ssh – wait He soothed, gently grabbing my wrists Please? He whispered in my ear, backing me slowly down again, hovering above me, pressing me down onto the stone with his body. I did not respond, I felt anxious, what if someone sees us? What if Papa is looking for us right now? I thought silently. I locked eyes with him as he kissed my collarbone, then down to my breast. The soft white skin prickling up in the cold, he grinned between kisses. You are beautiful – I knew from the moment I saw you. Thumbing over the pink nubs, I groaned and thrashed, he shushed me gently, sitting up on his heels again. Breaking our bodies apart. Edging up on my elbows panting, I took this moment to catch my breath. He was kneeling between my thighs, tangled in my skirts, the buttons of his blouse hanging open to expose his smooth chest and a faint trail of hairs just above the waist of his trousers. Daringly I pressed my fingertips to his skin, tracing gently downwards. When I reached below his waist he closed his eyes and stopped my hand. You don't know what you want my dear. If we start that, I won't be able to stop myself. He groaned. What do you mean? Genuinely confused, how could anyone want to stop this? He sighed, kissing me chastely and buttoning his shirt, That topic is not my place to educate you about, we should get back now, before it becomes too dark. I watched, shocked in silence as he righted himself and began to climb down the rocks, leaving me wantonly exposed and aching. I hurriedly buttoned my corset and frock, climbing down to meet him on lower ground. Speaking no further of our spontaneous passions, he stated calmly You should lead the way, I am no good with directions. We walked in silence back to the gate of the garden, only the sound of the forest floor crunching under our feet and the occasionally chirp of crickets nearby. Thoughts whirred through my head, trying to make sense of our encounter. Replaying the images in my mind, his body, his kisses – it made my stomach flutter just reminiscing about it. I opened the latch as we reached the gate to the garden. Goodnight Frauline He said softly, placing his hand over mine as he passed through the gate and in to the yard. I stood at the entrance, watching as he walked quietly back to the house, breathlessly hoping for him to look back one last time. Lesson at 9 tomorrow morning ? He asked without turning back I swallowed, thinking of what to say. I could hear him laugh before entering the house, Alright Frauline, we shall make it 10, but only for your sake. And with that, he was gone.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 – An Invitation The next day, Mozart had been commissioned to perform a piano sonata at the Mannheim garden festival, annually hosted at the country estate of Herr Heinbrich. The Heinbrich estate was a sprawling masterpiece on acres of manicured land, boasting immaculate rose gardens and intricate stone work. It was home to Mannheim's wealthiest family, who were also members of the royal court. Herr Heinbrich was a master horseman and adored hosting lavish parties as well as being a committed patron of the arts. It was not unfamiliar to hear the sounds of string quartets wafting through his gardens in summertime, or to hear stories of illustrious sopranos being hosted at his home during their whirlwind tours through Europe. Papa was determined that the entire Weber would be attendance at Mozart's performance, to show our support of course! Needless to say, we all knew Papa welcomed the opportunity to rub shoulders with the Mannheim elite. After all, introducing himself as family of the prodigious young Mozart was surely an excellent way to insert oneself into almost any social circle. \"Constanze, Sophie – quickly, we do not want to be late.\" My sisters and I had all inherited Papa's extravagant taste in fashion, food and lifestyle. Each of us had meticulously coiffed ourselves, styling our wigs with upmost detail. Beauty took time, and punctuality was not a trait the Weber daughters employed. Constanze was sure to steal the show with a beautiful pale gown, tightly fitted around her slender waist and amply displaying her, enviously ample bosom. Even young Sophie was fit for court in a darling rose dress, complete with bows and lace. A charming girl, surely she will have her choice of fine suitors in a few short years. Finishing last, when I finally reached the yard, Papa was busily loading the carriage with the help of our driver, hired just for this occasion, of course. The horse master sat perched above the cabin, shaking his head at the sight – Papa was trying to fit all of the ladies, and their miles of fabrics, into a single carriage. Now ladies, we will just have to make this work, somehow – Papa grunted as he attempted to compact the billowing skirts in an effort to make more space. The carriage master whistled loudly, nodding his head downwards to Papa, \"Excuse me sir, but I'm going to have to come back for these two.\" He nodded towards me. Confused by the plural descriptor, I turned to see Wolfgang exiting the house, closing the door with a loud thud behind him. Streams of papers were sent flying – some escaping his grasp and others sent fluttering on to the lawn. He quickly scrambled to grab them, shoving them unceremoniously back into his leather folio. Frantically, he smoothed his wig, a laughable attempt to right its dishevelled appearance, and then strode over to the carriage. \"Sorry sir, we won't be long – a quarter of an hour at most\" The driver tipped his hat to us and snapped the reins. I looked at Wolfgang apologetically as the horses began to trot out – my sisters waving to me as they jingled past, leaving the two of us to wait. \"We will arrive in plenty of time\" I encouraged \"No matter, they can't start the party without me\" He stated rather arrogantly. He began to rummage through his papers, trying to create some semblance of order. I could see that they were manuscripts for piano – likely what he would be premiering this afternoon. Grumbling to himself he sat on a large stone and began to prepare ink. \"I believe the carriage will be back soon\" I called over to him, but he did not answer. He was already busy writing, furiously scratching – humming – scratching. What a ridiculous time to start composing, the carriage would be back any minute! I stood silently watching him as he worked, it's as if he was in a different world. Occasionally he would stop. He would begin flipping aggressively through his papers, looking for something – checking, comparing and then finally continuing to scratch away. As the carriage returned I walked slowly to where he sat – all the while, he remained head down, buried in the music. \"Wolfgang?\" I called to him as the horses were halted, the carriage groom stepped down to open the doors. \"Wolfgang!\" He jumped and looked up at me, eyes wild. It was startling to see him in such a state. I stepped back, worried. It was as if he was not in his right mind. Blinking, he looked over at the carriage and quickly leapt to his feet, \"Finished just in time\" He grinned, shoving his writing tools back into his folio. He pushed the still wet manuscript into my hands, \"Here, hold this – it's not yet dry.\" He handed off his small bag to the carriage groom and tossed his manuscripts in to the carriage, then, jogging back to me with a boyish grin from ear to ear. \"Come! We don't want to be late!\" Taking my hand, half pulling me to the carriage he stopped at the entrance to assist me up the small step. I looked at him, eyebrows raised – what was I to do with this manuscript? He read my confusion \"Oh yes! I'll take that – thank you.\" Nearly ripping it from my hand he carelessly tossed in on top of the bench along with the other manuscripts. \"Now up up up – time to go.\" He hurried me in, following quickly behind and snapping the door shut. As the horses began to pull away, I took a moment to appreciate the interior of the carriage. How rarely I had travelled, and never in private coach, this was a most exciting experience. Padded in beautiful cream and gold brocade, it was something fit for nobility. It was elegantly appointed with sconces for evening travel, and drapes for privacy while en route. My face must have shown my awe as Mozart smiled, sitting opposite from me, \"I guess you haven't been trapped inside one of these for months on end? Trust me, the novelty wears thin.\" He turned back to his manuscripts – now ordering them, title first, then second page – now third… \"Is that the concerto for this afternoon?\" \"Yes – I'm so glad I had a minute to complete it, small miracles that the carriage was forced to make a second trip.\" He said without looking up from his mess, continuing to shuffle the papers round and round. \"Incomplete? It was incomplete and you are to perform it this afternoon? What would you have done had you not finished it?\" Giving the papers one last tap to align them – he slid them neatly into the folio, tying the laces to keep them in place for the remainder of the journey. Looking up at me he giggled, \"I would have improvised.\" Improvise In front of a crowd of nobility – at a gala? Rather bold. Most especially since he had been contracted to this event for months, he had plenty of time to complete the work before this very moment. Not the most keen sense of work ethic, and a gambler at that. He drew the curtains, darkening the cabin of the carriage. I raised an eyebrow suspiciously. He swiftly moved to join me on my bench, \"I always work best under pressure\" he grinned devilishly, taking hold of my hand and toying with the lace on the cuff of my gown. That familiar feeling quickly beginning to grow in the pit of my stomach. \"I am sorry I did not mention earlier, as I was so absorbed in my work, but you look absolutely stunning today Frau Weber. You're truly the embodiment of beauty.\" He whispered, nearing my ear, grazing gently against it with his lips, allowing the jostle of the carriage to seal the contact. Immediate shivers ran through my spin, causing my hairs to stand on end. \"I hope that our walk through the woods, being so late in the evening, did not give you a fright.\" He continued, beginning to leave small kisses down my neck and to my collar bone. My head fell back as my eyes closed heavily. My mouth was agape as he gently nipped at the base of my throat, coaxing a soft moan from my lips. He paused, and chuckled, \" I am so glad I am forgiven\" Opening my eyes, I pushed against his grip, shoving him away. He frowned, looking saddened at the loss of contact. I eyed him closely, handsome, despite the pout, in his burgundy coat, gold buttons and high, velvet collar. Spreading my hands across the breast of his jacket I curled my fists around the lapel and shoved him roughly against the wall of the carriage kissing him aggressively. He raised his hands at his sides in truce as I devoured his mouth. I did not know what I wanted but this seemed a good start. I edged closer, refusing to come up for air, pressing my chest to his – holding his lips to my greedy mouth. Suddenly, my eyes flew open when I felt it – his tongue. His tongue exploring my mouth, at first gentle, then becoming more possessive as it thrusted about, dancing with my own. Pulling away gasping, he looked at me with surprise. Pushing back from him, I shyly averted my eyes from his gaze, smoothing out my skirt and patting my coiffure to ensure its curls were still in place. We sat breathing heavily, wordless, as the carriage continued to rock back and forth. Then suddenly – it stopped. \"Herr Mozart – pardon the delay, we must switch horses due to an injury in the foot. We shouldn't be more than half an hour.\" The muffled voice of the carriage driver called. Wolfgang opened the door – poking his head out, \" What was that?\" \"We cannot continue until we replace this horse Herr Mozart, the groom will stay with the carriage while I walk this mare in to town. It isn't far – half an hour sir.\" He slowly closed the door and turned to me, \"This will be quite the story! I'm glad you are with me, for they would never believe me if I were on my own\" \"Will they be furious?\" I swallowed nervously, he shrugged, \"There is not much we can do – so we wait.\" He leaned against the wall of the cabin, closing his eyes and exhaling heavily. I watched him in repose, his soft, childlike features accented by the slight rouge in his cheeks, a hint of our earlier transgressions. My stomach twitched. Feeling daring, my fingers walked across the cushion to the button on his breeches at the side of his knee. I began tracing the seam up to his hip with my index finger. He looked at me under heavy lids, \"Frauline Weber, what exactly do you think you are doing? Inciting such indecent behaviours….\" He muttered as I slide to press up against his side. I blushed as I continued to trace gentle patterns on his thighs, running my fingerings across the silken fabric, he groaned. His body starting to squirm under my hands. \"You are persistent my dear\" He groaned again as I ran my hand up his thigh, feeling something rather peculiar as I did so. He grabbed my hand – moving it over to that very spot. Firm, almost rigid, he pushed my hand against the hardness, moaning with satisfaction as he did so. He continued to guide my hand, repeatedly stroking, closing his eyes. He released my hand, allowing me to continue on my own. He gripped the edge of the bench firmly as I stroked. \"Oh lord, stop.\" He said through gritted teeth – I stopped, worried I had hurt him. \"Are you alright?\" I asked, frightened He nodded silently, brushing my hand aside. He began to unfasten his breeches and suddenly I became afraid of what would come next. \"Oh no – Wolfgang, I don't think that we should – \" He interrupted me by pressing his lips to mine, \"Nothing to fear, I promise you.\" He panted as he broke the kiss. He took my hand in his, sliding it under the waist of his trousers, against his skin. He wrapped my fingers around the firmness and began to guide me, sliding up and down gently. There was a damp film, slickening my hand – sweat ? I could not be sure. He released my hand, undoing the final button and sliding his trousers down past his hips to expose my hand and the firmness in its grasp. \"Oh!\" I gasped, realizing what I was holding. Before I could protest his hand was back, guiding my own – with increasing pace. He began to grunt and whimper, liquid weeping from the tip, glistening as it rolled down on to my fingers. \"Faster\" He demanded as he let my hand be free to do as instructed. As I quickened, his breath shortened, coming only in short bursts until he froze, warm liquid shooting from him as it pulsed in my hand. He slackened with a heavy sigh, leaning back with a dazed smile. I released him, looking curiously at the substance on my fingers. \"Don't worry Frauline, it's harmless\" He handed me a handkerchief as he fastened his trousers, quickly fixing his shirt and jacket. \"Herr Mozart\" A man's voice called from outside the cabin, \"We are ready to continue \" With a crack of reins, the carriage jerked to a start – \"We will try to make up for lost time!\" the voice yelled over the jangling of horses in harness, trotting quickly down the gravel lane. He sighed with a smile, \" I think we made the best of a rather harrowing experience, wouldn't you say?\" I fidgeted nervously, trying to think of something to say – forcing a gentle laugh when no words came. Peaking out the curtain, \" Just up the hill, we are almost there,\" he said, taking my hand gently, \" How do you feel about garden parties?\" he squeezed, gently. Clearing my throat, \" I have yet to attend one.\" His smile fell in surprise, \" Really?\" A moment of awkward silence passed between us as the carriage stopped, the groom opening the door and offering his hand for me to step down. \"All sorts of first today my darling.\" He grinned, stepping out after me – and taking my hand, leading me through the gates, into the crowd where he was immediately swarmed by interested patrons.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 - Great Artist By mid afternoon the sun was blazing, baking the party goers into their costumes. Hiding under a fine parasol I sat amongst my sisters – watching our boarding guest, in utter amazement. Transformed from common boy to great artist simply with a touch of the keys, at his instrument Mozart was surrounded by nobility, great ladies with their hair styled high, their noble men possessively holding their fair hands. Deeply engrossed in his music, he teased gentle phrases from the forte piano – a new invention, with which he had never played. It came alive under his hands, singing beautifully. His skill was beyond anything he had demonstrated as a child, honed to near perfection. I stirred watching him perform, listening with bated breath. The instrument maker boasted upon Wolfgang's initial inspection, \"This instrument will respond to the most subtle of touch, the palette of dynamic contrast had never been this vast! I'm certain you will be the first to order one of these fine instruments Herr Mozart. What composers could work with those creaky relics found in dusty old country homes, eh?\" \"Yes….perhaps.\" Mozart laughed awkwardly, scratching under his silken wig, eyeing the new instrument distrustfully. The most beautiful of this afternoon's songs – having been spun on creaky relic, in just such a home, merely a few short hours before. Before the final notes had risen from the gilded soundboard – the audience leapt to its feet, delighted with Mozart's latest work. He stood – pushing back from the bench and turning to bow, grinning, receiving his praise as he was so accustomed. A crowd quickly gathered around him as my sisters tugged my hand, \"Aloysia! Come on!\" Constanze pulled me, \"Now's our chance to tour the garden!\" I sighed, looking to her as I lost sight of Wolfgang in the crowd. \"Yes – let's walk.\" We walked, arms linked, Stanzi chatting about the roses, lilies and other flowers that bloomed. Everything was meticulously tended, a labour of love, a masterpiece in its own right. She eagerly quizzed me about the carriage ride with Herr Mozart, hoping to romanticize the event. \"Oh Aloysia! You are ever the lucky one! What is he truly like? Did you speak?\" \"We did, briefly.\" \"Was he polite? Is he as lovely as he seems?\" \"He had work to complete Stanzi – did you know that the ink was not yet dry on those manuscripts? The man can barely meet his deadlines. He is constantly scribbling, yet hardly meeting the obligations of his employers.\" I patted her hand and she looked up at me with a face full of disappointment. \"But yes – yes he is lovely.\" I added quietly and we both began giggling madly. \"Ali!\" Stanzi tugged my sleeve and nodded towards a distant figure, headed in our direction, \"Aloysia! He's coming over here!\" She hushed in a panicked squeal. We remained linked as Mozart reached us, grinning from ear to ear \"Frau Weber\" he bowed to Constanze, sweeping off his hat as he did so, \"Frau Weber\" he repeated the dramatic bow to me once more. \"Herr Mozart\" I responded with a gentle curtsy, glancing sideways to my sister who was fighting back her giggles, chewing her bottom lip nervously. He stood before us in awkward silence, looking from one to the next – not sure of his timing, \"I….I didn't mean to interrupt you ladies…\" \"You're not interrupting us, Herr Mozart!\" Stanzi gushed, \"We were just touring the garden, everything is blooming – we couldn't resist.\" Another moment passed, he shifted from one foot to the other. \"May I join you?\" He asked shyly, Stanzi's smile broaden and she blushed, \"Oh of course! That would be wonderful – wouldn't it Aloysia?\" I nodded slowly, that warm feeling starting to build again as he slipped between us, taking each of our arms in his own. \"So ladies, what did you think of the music?\" He asked, \"I do hope you'll tell me truthfully!\" We walked a few steps before I spoke, \"I thought they were the most beautiful melodies ever performed.\" \"Oh I knew it! I just knew you'd like them!\" He skipped a quick step in his excitement, \"They are beautiful aren't they? Stanzi, what do you think?\" Constanze giggled at the abbreviation, not ever having been addressed by a man using her childhood namesake. \"The most beautiful!\" She agreed, adding coyly, \"I do hope you write something so breath taking for our Aloysia – her voice would suit your music so wonderfully.\" He turned to her, releasing my arm and kneeling down, taking her hand, \"My dear!\" A small crowd, craned their necks to investigate the dramatic pose, \"That is the most wonderful idea – you have just inspired my next work. For that, I am forever grateful.\" He kissed her hand and bowed his head down to her toes in a cheeky show of grovel. Constanze and I exchanged glances, barely holding back our laughter. \"Herr Mozart, I'm afraid you may be drawing a crowd. Perhaps you should write music for theatre.\" I said in whisper, he lifted his head to see a few couples had gathered closer and he quickly jumped up, brushing off his stockings. \"A fine idea – an excellent idea!\" He resumed his place, linking his arms with ours once more, our walk quietly continued. I smiled to myself and twirled my parasol as we walked through the gardens. Stanzi happily chirping about the sights of the garden, commenting on the beautiful ladies and their dresses and Mozart was more than happy to entertain her with stories from his tours across Europe. Upon the return, Papa had arranged all of his daughters into a single carriage – choosing to save the single trip for himself, Mama and Herr Mozart. Likely a wise choice. Papa was not a learned man, but he too had once been a young man and was not unaware of his own daughters' beauty. \"Oh Aloysia I can't believe he said he would write a song for you!\" Constanze sat on the bed as I undid my sash and began to untie petticoats. \"Well Stanzi, he is a composer. It's what they do! Do you find it unimaginable that Mama would bake bread? Or mend clothing for the boarders? It's just his way of sustaining himself.\" I said plainly, folding my gown over the dressing table. I began to step out of my shoes and roll my stockings down with great care. If I was very careful, I could wear them again before having to wash them. They always lose their bright white lustre after scrubbing, no matter how gentle I tried to be. \"Oh! Have you no romantic side?\" She sighed, falling back on the bed. She lay there, staring at the ceiling, hand on her chest, while I began to set my hair in rags for tomorrow's curls. \"I think he likes you\" she said finally, after processing silently. I sighed, tying up the neat ringlets \"And? So if he does – what does he offer me? What fortune does he have? We must be practical in our men Stanzi, we do not have great fortunes behind us. We need men who can support us, elevate us!\" \"He will write beautiful music for you! That will elevate you Aloysia! Imagine it – you could be a great prima donna with his help, you could be an operatic star.\" She said wistfully, beginning to undress, kicking her shoes across the room. I heard Papa's booming voice in the entry way down the stairs. They had returned. Soon I heard quick footsteps up the stairs, with a definitive landing on the top step. A familiar creak of the floor boards as they passed our room, and the soft creak of a door being opened and then shut. \"He's back.\" Stanzi said lowly as she slipped into her night gown, crawling under the quilts. I eyed her from the mirror, \"And?\" I raised my eyebrows at her reflection. She shrugged and crawled under the covers, hiding herself completely. I smiled with relief, knowing the conversation was over, at least for now. I slipped under the covers beside my sister – pinching out the candle at our bedside. The plume of smoke and smell of wax wafted upwards as I lay with heavy eyes, waiting to drift asleep.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 – An Opera \"No, no, no….\" Mozart huffed, scratching at the base of his neck frustrated with his lesson, \"I don't understand Herr Mozart.\" The young man said, having worked on this passage for the better part of an hour. Mozart could see he was truly putting forth his best effort, but he just didn't have a musical fibre in his being. He couldn't bare another minute of this torturous lesson. \"I think we are done for today.\"Wolfgang muttered, \"I have other commitments, I'm sorry, we will continue next week.\" His student understood and nodded silently, moving from the bench. It was his sixth lesson today, and the least of all talented. Since nearly dawn, his ears had been taxed with study after study, unapologetically hammered out on the tired keys of the Weber harpsichord. \"I will work on this piece for next week Herr Mozart, I promise I will improve – you will see.\" He bumbled nervously as Mozart shuffled his piles of manuscript, his stacks of unfinished music seemed to be growing by the day. \"Yes, yes that's fine. Continue and we will reconvene next week.\" Mozart stood by the door to the parlour, gesturing his student out. He couldn't wait for the next hour, finally some peace and a chance to work. Once the student had gone, he leaned heavily against the doorway with a sigh. He was clearly exhausted, performing concerts, composing all night, teaching endless students – he never had a moments rest. I stood watching him, wondering if I should turn back. But my own selfish desires pushed that thought from my mind and I stepped forward. \"Do you still have time for me?\" I asked softly, his eyes fluttered open in surprise, clearly startling him from his thoughts. He looked about, finally turning to see me behind him \"Oh Aloysia!\" he smiled broadly, \"I did not realize you were standing there.\" I stepped closer, shyly, \"I have come for my lesson.\" He paused, raising his eyebrows in surprise, \"Well…I uh…I wasn't aware that we….\" \"Have you any time?\" I asked, poking my head into the parlour to see if in fact, the last of the students had cleared. \"Of course!...Absolutely!\" He quickly jumped to the bench, pulling it back to make room for my skirts. \"Please – come, come sit\" he coaxed, patting the bench. I bit my lip nervously, blushing as I accepted the seat. He pulled a small chair close for himself, having little room on the bench with my petticoats gathered at the keys. \"So, what piece have you prepared to play for me Frau Weber?\" he asked, leaning his chin on his clasped hands. \"Well, actually Herr Mozart - I had hoped that you had prepared one for me.\" I smiled at him, with a flutter of lashes. He sat up, \"Oh?\" \"You had mentioned perhaps a song, for soprano?\" He cleared his throat, \"Yes well, I – I have yet to write anything my dear, I had so many lessons today that I just didn't have a quiet moment.\" He frowned, he did not want to disappoint. Sensing his doleful tone, I decided not to press him further on the subject. \"No matter, I am a patient woman.\" I said, reaching for his hand, \"Would you play duets with me in lieu? Something easy I beg of you, my keyboard skills are not as masterful as your own.\" Wordlessly he slid next to me on the bench, neatly brushing the pleats of his coat behind him and pushing up his sleeves. \"Madam\" he said with a dramatically serious tone, \"It would be an upmost honour, pleasure , to perform with her holiness.\" I giggled, enjoying his closeness. Through many layers of fabric, our thighs resting against one anothers. He played a glorious fanfare, turning to me at its musical climax – brows raised, \"Ready?\" he asked, hands continuing to play their invisible tune. \"There is no script to read! What am I to play?\" I giggled as he continued his nonsense fanfare loudly \"Anything! Playing anything – I'll accompany you my grace.\" I shrugged, plucking out a single melody – tentatively at first, to my astonishment he began to soften immediately, in an effort to accompany. He listened attentively, shaping a harmony for my simple song with seemingly no effort at all. \"How do you know what I'm going to play next?\" I asked perplexed, stopping my melody mid phrase. \"I know no more than you ,my dear\" He resolved in a simple cadence, \"My only mastery is of harmonic structure and of common melodic tendencies.\" I frowned, confused. He paused for a moment in thought – then raised his hand to me, as if to shake hello. I drew backwards, now more confused than before! \"Are you in your right mind?\" I chuckled, he shook his head and laughed, raising his hand again – pushing it towards me, inviting me to clasp it. \"Come on!\" He begged, as I tilted my head. I slowly complied, tentatively placing my hand in his and he shook my hand vigorously. \"There! You see?\" He exclaimed with excitement, \"No Herr Mozart, I'm afraid I do not follow.\" \"But that's just it. How did you know how to respond to my gesture? You've mastered the action – you know the pattern.\"I stared at him blankly, he continued, \"It's just like music. Patterns – structure – rules….I've been learning it since my shoes dangled from this bench!\" He sighed, \"It's second nature.\" We sat in silence at the keyboard, both lost in our own thoughts. I picked at the fabric of my skirt, wishing he would speak again, just to break the silence. He placed a hand over my own, stopping my nervous movements. Looking up at him I smiled encouragingly, \"I should probably do some writing….\" He said softly, a ting of sadness in his voice. I frowned, knowing he had much work to do. \"Maybe after dinner we can –\" I was silenced when he kissed me suddenly, I froze as his hand cupped my cheeks, closing the distance between us. As I allowed myself to him, he groaned, sending shivers down my spine. My chest began to heave, fighting the tension in my bodice. \"Oh god, Aloysia..\" He murmured, kissing my neck, moving slowly down to my chest. I blushed feeling his lips grazing the soft flesh, \"Wolfgang…\" I gave a breathy whisper, but he persisted, \"Wolfgang!\" I said more harshly, snapping him out of his daze. \"Papa is home – we cannot…..\" I squirmed away, adjusting my dress to cover my now bulging breast. \"Oh but –\" he whined, \"No!\" I stood up, definitively. \"Come to me tonight?\" He begged, clutching the edge of the bench as I back towards the door, shaking my head, \"Please?\" he squeaked \"A true gentleman would ask no such things of a lady!\" I said lowly, scolding him. He frowned, hurt by my words. \"I'll dream of you surely. I will write the most beautiful music, I promise that – you'll have it by tomorrow. My next opera still! I will write you a leading role – my prima donna.\" I rolled my eyes, \"Herr Mozart – I think you have enough to do without writing an opera for me.\" \"I must. You've inspired it. A love story!\" I shook my head and turned for the stairs, \"Goodnight Herr Mozart!\" I called over my shoulder as I climbed up to my room, feeling the tightness in my middle – longing to rush back to his side.[Chapter 9] Chapter 8 – An Opera \"The lessons?\" Mozart squeaked. Papa eyed him intensely as he surgically dissected his meal, \"She's a natural sir - truly!\" He stammered, feeling immediately flustered by the inquiry. Papa surely sensed his nerves, and most obviously the pink rising in his cheeks. Dear Wolfgang was quick to evade his stare. Papa remained silent, watching his house guest a little longer, causing him to shift uncomfortably under his gaze \"And...and, well I think, she will be able to sing in my next opera. With a few more lessons of course\" Mozart added, in an effort to break the silence and end his torture under Papa's knowing eyes. I blushed thinking of our earlier meeting in the parlour, all wild eyed and breathless. Lessons indeed! He would be strung from the highest tree if Papa knew exactly what type of learning was going on in these... lessons. That afternoon, after I had left him wanting - I had fled to my room, head spinning, trying to make sense of the situation. Was I in love ? I couldn't be sure. What was this overpowering sensation every time he came near ? Almost dizzying, I would begin to tie myself up just exchanging glances. I couldn't discuss it with anyone, for if they knew - that would be the end of him! Papa's eyebrows shot up, Stanzi squealed tapping my thigh under the table dressing, \"I told you!\" She whispered gleefully. \"Opera?\" Papa grunted, laying his utensils beside his meal, \"I did not know you had been commissioned dear boy, congratulations!\" Mozart chuckled sheepishly, \"Yes well, I have yet to be...paid\" He said bashfully, casting his eyes down. \"What was that?\" Papa grunted, refilling his wine, \"It's a commission, pending approval of the libretto sir.\" Mozart cleared his throat nervously, an Opera without payment, well, not yet any way. Papa would be skeptical, naturally. \"Well I'm sure you will impress your patron with a sample of your work - featuring my beautiful daughter, no?\" Papa smiled at me, touching my cheek with affection. Mozart watched me, apologizing silently for what he was about to say \"Yes Herr Weber, when I return from my trip - I will complete her part. And it will be magnificent I assure you.\" I froze. Trip? He was leaving ? I felt a lump form in my throat, I silently begged him to meet my eyes, but he refused. He knew, I sat silent. \"Yes, an adventure for you! Aloysia isn't that exciting? A real opera roll, just for you! Perhaps you will sing on the big stage?\" Papa smiled, unaware of the crushing weight in my chest. Leaving? He had said nothing of it when he was pressed against me at the keyboard - asking me to come to his chambers! How dare he ! Quickly my feelings churned from sadness to anger. Silence befell the table, nothing but clanking of cutlery to distract from the awkwardness of the moment. Finally he looked up, under heavy lashes with a frown - I scowled at him, having lost all sadness. Instead, fury began to boil, he wanted nothing more than a warm body in his bed - now his true intentions were clear. I had been had by this man, played as easily as his violin. How often had he drawn young ladies into his web in order to be so skilled in the art of seduction ? The thought repulsed me. I turned away angrily, unable to even look in his direction. Mama began to clear the table and I leapt up to assist, aggressively clearing his plate before he had finished, he opened his mouth to protest but he thought better of it and remained silent, sitting on his hands like a child about to receive reprimand. \"When will you be leaving for your trip?\" Papa chewed carefully, mopping the jus from his meal with the last of the bread, \"I have yet to confirm, though I would estimate within the week sir.\" I felt a knot build in my core, my breath hitching, so quickly I escaped to the kitchen fighting back fresh tears. He jumped up as Papa pushed back from the table, \"Shall we retire to the music room, eh?\" Papa grinned, lumbering off down the dark hall towards the dimly lit room at the back of the house, where but a few hours earlier had been the scene of a heated romance. On the very bench where Papa had schooled his daughters in scales and arpeggios, gavottes and hymns as a young girls - the holiest and purest of musical phrases, most befitting of his virginal darlings. Now, we were lamb led astray by wolf. As I returned to clear the last of the dishes I felt him grab my hand \"I meant to speak of it earlier\" He whispered lowly to avoid mama's ears, \"Is that before or after I was to visit your bed?\" I hissed, pulling my hand away angrily. He stood for a moment searching for his words, \"I...We...\" He sputtered, \"I believe Papa requested that you play for him this evening. Perhaps you can play something from this great new opera you are promising everyone? Maybe another one of the arias written for any pretty girl that bats her lashes.\" I hated him. In that moment, I wished him ill, anything, to feel my hurt. He seemed offended by my remark, narrowing his eyes at me, but he said nothing. Instead he brushed his sleeves down and sighed before walking out with a quick click of his shoes, rhythmically tapping down the hall to join my sisters and Papa - who were already making song at the clavier. I stood there foolishly, still seething with anger. Oh how I wanted him to be angry too, I wanted him to fight with me, argue for me to see things his way, beg me to forgive him - better, to come with him! I would be the most suitable travel companion, able to accompany him throughout Europe, premiering his works! Imagine, fame for us both - his beautiful music and my silken voice... Satisfying audiences all over, and at night, we would have each other. I would give myself fully, and I knew he would have me. Later that night, I lay awake. Constanze was snoring lightly beside me, the rhythm of her breathing was low, in then out, rise then fall. A sweet girl, so innocent, she romanticized the simplest of things. Today she told me she had designed my wedding gown,\"To whom am I married?\" I asked her, entertaining her story, \"Wolfgang of course!\" She grinned, a beautiful smile. \"Stanzi! He is not marriage material - and it is unladylike to refer to a man by his given name. Herr Mozart, please.\" I scoffed, pushing away the desire to see her design, wondering if it was at all similar to the ones I had been dreaming about. I had imagined our vows, since the evening we ventured into the forest. I couldn't help it, there was something about him, despite his middle height and rather large nose \"He asked me to call him Wolfgang!\" Stanzi protested, \"he said he preferred it.\" I felt a tinge of jealously towards my younger sibling, \"well I wouldn't spend too much time around Herr Mozart Stanzi, I wouldn't get too familiar. You don't want him to get the wrong impression.\" Stanzi frowned, \"But he's so lovely! I think he just wants to be friends.\" \"Men are never satisfied with friendship - you'll understand when you're older.\" Recalling that last phrase I turned my thoughts back to Wolfgang, and slid silently out of bed. I felt the coolness of the wood planks on my bare feet as I walked in the heavy darkness, feeling my way down the hall, travelling blind. Judging by the darkness it was well past midnight. When I reached his door I stood, pulse rising in my chest, thumping madly in my throat. I was unsure, scared to proceed. With no light below the door, I knew he was likely asleep. What a fool. What was I expecting ? But I could not just turn back. I rested my hand on the door and it fell gently ajar. I froze. Peeking in, I saw his bed, scantly making out shapes in the darkness. He had his curtains pulled open, moonlight casting itself across the room. I could make out some furniture - a desk. Piles, everywhere ! Likely music...in my effort to lean in, I accidentally opened the door, it squeaked gently as it swung. I held my breath as he stirred. Feeling emboldened, I tip toed past the threshold, eyeing his sleeping form. He was turned away, in a simple night shirt - quilt tangled wildly around his feet. His natural hair, cut short, stood up wildly in tufts. He frowned seriously, creasing his brow in his sleep. He had an air of restlessness, I reached out and gently pulled the quilt up to his waist. He grumbled, stirring at my touch. He looked childlike in sleep, curled feverishly, clutching at a pillow. I smiled to myself, turning to leave before I was recognized. \"Aloysia?\" A groggy voice muttered I turned back towards the voice, and it called again, \"Aloysia is that you? What's the matter?\" I did not answer, unsure of what to say. I'm in love with you? Don't leave me? I'm sorry for the things I said this afternoon? I couldn't utter the words. I felt the urge to burst into tears, I had so many thoughts and feelings but no voice. How wretched to feel so much and unable to express at all. Propping himself up on his elbow he pushed back the quilts and held out his hand, silently beckoning me towards him. I held my ground, panicked. \"Come\" he demanded quietly I hesitated, was this it ? I never imagined it happening this way, and before I was wed. I would shame Papa and Mama would die from grief. \"It's very late\" he said softly, motioning me towards him with his extended hand, \"Come.\" he repeated, I complied. Kneeling gently on the feather mattress I could see his softened face, concern and confusion etched on his brow. \"Lay\" he said, hardly above a whisper, pulling at my waist until my back was pressed neatly against him. He coiled his arm around my side, tucking the covers around us both, lacing his fingers in mine. He was warm, wrapped around me, our bodies as close as ever - thin night clothes our only barrier. I felt evidence of his interest as we lay against one another in the darkness. I did not dare to look back at him, feeling that my eyes may betray me and grant permission when none was given. He hummed almost inaudibly, squeezing my hand softly, running his thumb gently over my knuckles. His breathing eventually slowed, the humming ceased and then within moments, soft rumbles of sleep. I lay awake, listening to him, oddly at peace despite his announcement of Paris at dinner. His presence right now, was enough. God help us if anyone finds us tangled up like this before dawn I thought to myself as I fell asleep in his arms.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 - Constanze At the first early light my eyes fluttered open, startled at first by the unfamiliar surroundings. An oak desk piled high with manuscripts, a simple wooden chair draped with a man's coat, white stockings flung carelessly about. A heavy set of curtains drawn open and tied back with braided cord. On the sill was the unfortunate nub of a burned candle, having gasped its last breath long ago. Realizing my place, I sat up quickly. If Constanze is already awake there will be trouble! Remembering fragments of last night, I cursed myself – such a stupid girl! What will I tell my sisters if they find out? I pray that they will not be so fortunate. Mozart lay on his front, nearly smothered by his own pillow. His fine hair had teased itself into a wretched nest. He stirred when I pulled back the quilt to slide off the bed, my feet quietly meeting the floor below. The bed sighed gently as I attempted to ease my way up, my body tensing at the sound of the wooden frame groaning under the shifting weight. Turning over my shoulder to see if I had awakened him or not, I was met by a pair of cool grey eyes. \"Escaping in the night?\" He said groggily, scratching at the stubble that whispered at the base of his jaw. \"It is neither escape, nor night.\" I quipped, pausing in the doorway caught mid departure. \"I was not referring to your leaving now, but more – your unexplained appearance last night.\" He said with a matter of fact. I waited with my hand on the handle of his door, unsure of what to say. How do I explain my actions, a young woman just appearing at his beside in the middle of the night? I did not even know, in my own mind, why I had done so. I was brought up to be a good and honest girl, but something had drawn me to it. To him. I was willing to forsake my name and my reputation just to be near him. \"I must go\" That was all I could muster as I shut the door quietly. I tip toed back to my room – slipping through the open door to see to my relief, Constanze coiled up on the bed snoring softly. The curtains were pulled shut and the room was still quite dark. Thank god for her healthy sleeping habits – it would be highly unlikely that she would notice my absence in the night. She could sleep through almost anything my Stanzi! I dressed quietly, choosing a simple frock. I was done trying to impress Herr Mozart, I needed to distance myself from that man. Last night was a terrible error, and I am blessed that he is an honest man for it could have ended much worse. At the very least, I have my honor intact and from this day forward – I will make it my duty to avoid any such proceedings. At breakfast I sat between Mama and Papa, protecting myself by my family. As a result, Wolfgang was forced between my two sisters, Stanzi was thrilled. Poor girl, she was beside herself thinking that he had chosen that position of his own accord – but it was all too obvious that he was not in the least interested in either of them. Could I blame him? Stanzi was a dear, sweet girl. She was dark haired, bright eyed and had the beginnings of an envious figure. She could accompany at the keyboard, sing and with a little work, she could look rather pretty. She would not be a great songstress or ever have a marble likeness made – but she would make a lovely wife and she could stand to raise a healthy brood. He chatted with her kindly, and she laughed appropriately. Poor thing. At eleven, I excused myself from my music lesson – feigning ill. If Mozart was to be leaving for Paris within a short time, what would a few more lessons really afford me? I would no longer allow myself to be too near him. It was best to avoid his lessons all together. Instead I would remain upstairs with my reading to pass the hour. I replayed the scene in my mind as I stared at the text, I could not focus on my novel. I kept thinking about him in the room below, his eyes were sad as he graciously accepted my excuse. He remained at the bench, and I at the door, neither one of us stepping closer. He seemed to respect my distance, though looking rather mournful. My belly ached at the thought of his apologetic eyes, his soft lashes. I wished to be near him. Oh how sweet it was to sit thigh to thigh, hands overlapping across the keys – giggling like mad at our musical nonsense. But I could not, it would be my undoing. Whatever this was, it was growing too big. It must end. Now. I jumped as Constanze burst into the room and threw herself on the bed with a breathy sigh. \"Stanzi! You lump! You can't simply throw yourself onto the bed, don't you see there are educated people trying to read?\" I scoffed at her as she rolled over beside me \"Oh Ali you'll never guess!\" She squealed, ignoring my protests \"Papa let me have a lesson!\" \"And?\" I raised a suspicious eyebrow at her. Papa gave us lessons all the time! He was our primary music tutor, teaching us to read notation – sing melodies and play harpsichord. Though we all appreciated his tutelage, none of us were very excited for the opportunity. Studying with one's father is less than riveting. \"With Wolfgang!\" She grinned, \"Oh my word Ali! He is the most wonderful harpsichordist I have ever heard – he played an entire sonata from one listen!\" I narrowed my eyes as I listened to her story, she glorified and embellished every detail as she went, \"The one I had been practicing for Papa! I played it for him and he said that it could be a little quicker, you know? So he demonstrated it for me – but you'll never guess! I had it memorized so there was no manuscript on the keyboard\" she gasped, \"Astounding! Not one mistake!\" \"Is that all?\" I said dryly, \"Papa let you have my lesson with Herr Mozart, so you played a tune for him and he parroted it back to you?\" Her smile fell, \"Well….Papa said you were ill so in that case I could have the lesson in your stead. And I thought you might like to hear about his –\" \"Tricks?\" I raised an eyebrow at her, \"You know Stanzi, Herr Mozart was trained to do that as a young boy? That is a learned skill\" she frowned as I continued to squash her brilliant tale, \"I don't think he was doing anything especially for you Stanzi. I think he has grander things to do.\" I wasn't sure why I had phrased it as I had, I could feel the thick blackness of jealously boiling towards my young sister. I hated myself for it. I hated myself for loving him. I hated myself for wanting that lesson in her place – for not being able to control my own self. Even from a distance, it appeared that he still had affects on me. \"Well, you weren't there were you? And I think he did play it for me because he likes me! He's simply shy and you – well you're just jealous!\" she huffed and stormed out of the room, slamming the door on her way out. She was certainly right about at least one of those things. I buried my nose in my book and attempted to forget about her. Stanzi sat at the top of the stairs, leaning against the wall, arms crossed angrily when Mozart had finally dismissed his last student for the afternoon. He trudged up the stairs weary from his lessons, pulling his wig off with a sigh as he climbed the last few steps. \"Stanzi?\" He slowed to a stop a few steps short of the landing, seeing Constanze, the dear girl, with tears in her eyes. She sniffled and quickly wiped her cheeks with her hands, \"I'm sorry Herr Mozart\" she shuffled to her feet – smoothing out her pale blue skirts, locking her eyes on to the floor. Embarrassed for him to see her undone. \"My teaching was not so bad was it, poor dear?\" He joked lightly in an attempt to lighten her mood, Stanzi looked up with a small smile but it quickly faded again, \"No Herr Mozart. It was most enjoyable.\" She stepped out of his way, motioning him past. He frowned, he could not bear when ladies cried. He was never sure what to do. The young girl, she reminded him of his own sister, so lovely and innocent. \"I thought we had agreed on Wolfie?\" he took her hand and patted it gently, causing her to blush. He tried to change the subject, in an attempt to distract her from her thoughts. \"My sister insists on propriety Herr Mozart.\" She whispered \"Is that so?\" He snorted, though the sentiment was lost on Constanze, who was unaware of any encounters he had previously had with the elder sister. \"She thinks that I will give you a poor impression, and that it is unladylike.\" He remained in front of Constanze, staring at her curiously. She was rather plain, but a lovely girl nonetheless. She had considerable talent at the keyboard and from the lesson this morning, a tuneful voice – natural and clear. Obviously she had much love and adoration for her sister, however, this was proving to be a one sided affair. \"Well Frau Weber, as a matter of fact – I have travelled throughout all of Europe. I have met some of the highest nobility, played for Kings and Queens in imperial courts and I do believe that you are very much a lady.\" She blushed, beginning to giggle but her eyes still dewy with tears, \"And do you know what else?\" He leaned in very close, their chests brushing ever so slightly against one another, and in a voice barely above a whisper he added, \"You're twice the lady of Miss Aloysia.\" He paused before adding, \"Any day.\" He laughed at his own last comment with much gusto. Obviously finding it more entertaining from his own dealings with the lady in question. \"Please!\" She giggled, joining in the laugh with a deep blush, \"Ali can sing more beautifully than any of us Weber girls, without contest.\" Wolfgang's smile fell into a serious face immediately \"Singing skills and ladyship are not always a matched pair dear Stanzi. Though, if your father consents to further study, I think we can come close.\" He winked, releasing her hand with which she immediately covered her toothy smile. \"I'll ask him tonight Herr Mozart, I promise you.\" She bumbled and quickly curtsied as he stepped back from the landing, allowing her to descend. \"I'll wait impatiently for your reply\" He called down to her as she skipped down the last few stairs and disappeared around the corner.[Chapter 11] \"Ali, oh you will never guess!\" her dark eyes were like saucers, and her chest was heaving from having flown up the stairs at record pace. Leaning against the firmly shut door she tried to catch her breath, placing her free hand on the side of her boned bodice, her breath coming in short gasps. Constanze had been on the receiving end of my voice lessons with the young Maestro for a few weeks now. Having decided it was best to distance myself from him completely, I withdrew from my lessons complaining of an affliction in my throat - a simple malady that would be mended with rest. A perfect excuse, I could hide under my quilts with my nose in a book until he took for Paris. Naturally, my Papa was disappointed in this loss of the fine instruction, but he was quite surprised when Constanze stepped forward to inquire about replacing me for her own benefit. \"My daughters study with the most famous young Maestro in europe!\" Papa would boast to anyone who would listen, he was proud that his daughters had impressed such a travelled man with their vocal talents. He was practically giddy when Wolfgang had compared me to the finest principal soloists in Vienna. Having never heard them myself, I could not be sure if such accolade was genuine, or simply silver tongued flattery. Nevertheless, Papa was beside himself with the opportunity and of course, the notoriety! Stanzi, nearly sixteen, was a darling girl with plain features and an even less impressive aptitude for song. She had a limited range and could muster mezzo parts at best, nothing compared to the silvery tones of my high tessatura or the powerful soprano of Josepha, our eldest sister. Stanzi wasn't much of a musician either, preferring her needle work to her scales. Which I suppose is why Papa was so happy to comply with her request, a sudden change of heart - perhaps a Prima Dona could be made of her after all, or so he thought. I knew the truth of motivations and shook my head as she leapt at the chance to be tutored by Wolfgang. Her sudden interest in singing was due to her infatuation with Herr Mozart - a young girl, lured by a talented, arrogant music maker with a flirtatious tongue and wandering hands. Stanzi was prey, Wolfgang knew she was not destined for the stage - but he was more than happy to oblige her efforts through daily lessons. She was no diva, but at least she was something to look at, a muse or possibly just a feast for the eyes. Blossoming her own feminine features, she certainly made up for her lack of vocal ability in other, more visible ways. Mozart was more than complementary, teaching her breath control, diction and gently pushing her range each day. She would lay sprawled across our bed recounting every last detail, describing how he had taken her hand - or given her an encouraging look. She was nearly out of her mind with him and I think he played the part quite well. This afternoon's lesson had fallen rather silent below my feet, suspiciously so. Having begun with scales, arpeggios and the like - I tuned out the muted voices and stopped only to notice when the sound grew thinner, then ceased all together. Rather short for a lesson, I thought to myself - then I soon heard the panicked climb of feminine feet up the stairs, stopping just outside the door before Stanzi flew in wildly... \"From the looks of it I probably will.\" I raised my eyebrows at her from my place on the bed, \"Is this about a Mozart?\" I said coolly, trying not to let the black pool of jealousy spill out, she was only a child! What could he possibly want with a plain little thing like Stanzi? Then again, the same man had no difficulty exploring my assets on more than one occasion, so why not anyone else? I fingered my silver pendant while recalling our tryst in the wooded area just down the path. He had taken full advantage of the situation, what was I to do? He only let up, likely in fear of being caught! \"That is not my place to educate you\" I recalled him saying as he pushed my hands away and stood up to right himself, and the heated incident in the carriage to the garden party - what of that? I scoffed at the memory and closed my book. She jumped when she heard a series of loud footsteps barreling up the stairs, stopping familiarly just outside our door. She was being pursued. Her eyes grew wider and she stared at me like a doe about to be slain, \"Ali!\" she whispered lowly in a hushed panic, then came a knock on the door. \"What do I do?\" she mouthed silently to me, pressing the full weight of her body against the door protectively. \"Oh Stanzi move!\" I huffed, swinging my legs off of the bed and plopping my bare feet onto the cold boards below. Pushing the delirious young girl out of my way, I threw open the door with my hands on my hips, daringly wearing only my night frock, my hair down and eyes blazing. Wolfgang flew back from the door, obviously having been pressed to it in attempts to listen through to the other side. \"Oh, Frauline!\" he said sheepishly, beginning to blush as he registered my state of relative undress, \"Excuse me…\" he muttered as he backed away, just as Stanzi poked her head out from behind me. \"Stanzi\" he paused, stepping forward but then hesitating when he noted my disapproving glare. He looked to me and was met with a threatening scowl, he then looked to Stanzi apologetically. \"Can I help you Herr Mozart?\" I spat coldly. \"I….no.\" He bowed stiffly and turned towards his room, practically running inside and closing the door quickly behind him. I stood in the doorway to our room for a moment, watching his door - would he peak his head out? What did I care, it was done. I turned back to my sister who was staring at me with her mouth agape. \"Ali! Why would you scare him away like that? And in your night dress!\" she hissed, \"You're practically…..\" \"Naked?\" I crossed my arms defiantly, \"Hardly Stanzi - and do you really think that Mozart fellow is so innocent that he's never seen a woman in a state of undress?\" Stanzi sat on the bed with a sigh, \"Do you think so?\" she questioned \"Darling, I know for certain.\" Truthfully, I did know! \"I don't think Wolfie is like that Ali, he's so sweet and kind.\" she protested childishly, \"And he'll take whatever he can get his talented little hands on!\" I quipped, beginning to lace up a simple bodice and shimmying into a heavy skirt. \"Aloysia!\" she scolded, \"Rude!\" After a time as I was pinning up my hair and about to walk out, leaving her to daydream alone, she asked quietly, \"Are you about to go scold to him?\" I snorted in response, tucking my last curl up and securing it with a small pin just above my ear. \"He doesn't deserve to speak to me child!\" I said flippantly, opening the door and practically running straight into the devil himself. \"Wolfgang!\" I gasped as I collided with him fully, \"Please excuse me Frauline, I was about to knock.\" he sputtered, smoothing out his jacket, casting his eyes down fearing another confrontation. \"Again? What business do you have with my sister?\" I eyed him suspiciously, \"I have some notes from our lesson this afternoon that I said I would write out for her. I have them now - here\" he pressed the small book into my hands with an impish smile, his blue eyes begging for mercy. He backed away and stood with his hands behind his back, waiting for my response. \"Stanzi!\" I called over my shoulder, \"Your tutor is here to see you.\" I said salaciously and colour began to rise in Wolfgang's cheeks. Stanzi slinked into the hallway, keeping her back to the wall, her small hands tucked behind her as she too feared my judgemental stare. \"And when were you leaving us again, Herr Mozart?\" I said casually, my toned was tinged with acid, \"For Paris that is….\" \"Unconfirmed Madame.\" He cleared his throat, \"The commission has been paused due to my mother's ailing health. I cannot leave until she has made a full recovery.\" \"Oh? Can you only tour in the company of your Mama?\" Turning to look back at Stanzi who was making serious work of studying the floor, \"I had no idea an artist of your stature required chaperoning, you must give your parents quite the reason to worry - why else the watchful eye?\" His eyes flashed angrily towards me, but he knew better than to engage - he simply stood, crossing his arms, waiting for my next he knew his place as a guest in our home, fed at the generosity of my Papa. He wouldn't risk his next meal on a petty argument with a scorned soprano, however, the very fact that he was not arguing with me was a concern in itself. Was it true that he could not travel unsupervised? I did not like where he was leading my adoring young sister, she was too innocent and too juvenile to be allowed near this lecherous creature. I had made my own mistakes but it was my duty to protect her. \"Think what you wish Madame, however you must know I have only the most honest intentions and wish only to share my music with the world. My Mama is meant as a travel companion and an agent of sorts, to keep me on schedule from one engagement to the next. When one travels and performs as often as I do, it becomes an impossible to task to manage every event on one's own.\" He said smoothly, feeling brazen enough to take my hand, \"I am certain one day soon, you too will know the rigours of a performing career mein Leibling. \" He pressed his lips to my knuckles, never breaking his eyes from mine. My urge to rip my hand away faded, despite my mind screaming at me to push him away and perhaps deliver a slap across his perfect little face. Stanzi covered her grin with her hands, trying to stifle a shy giggle. She could hardly contain herself watching the dramatic slaying of the Weber dragoness right before her eyes. Leaving me fuming, he released my hands and seized the opportunity to march past me and over to poor Stanzi who practically squealed when he took her hands and patted them as he spoke, \"Please read over the notes I wrote and perhaps your sister will help you with the diction before I see you next.\" He whispered something to her that I could not hear which caused her to blush wildly, eyeing me cautiously he backed away and bowed to us, \" Damen , I shall see you this evening.\" He retreated to his room, closing the door behind him quietly leaving my sister and I both stunned in the hall. Looking to Stanzi I sighed, tossing the book to her - \"Here. I'm going for a walk.\" She nodded and I glanced back at his door, still shut. \"Don't even think about it Stanzi. Learn the text, that is all.\" She nodded compliantly and turned back to our room, I left her with her little red book - only slightly curious at these notes he had crafted especially for her. I was certain she would tell all when I returned from my walk. Later that evening as Stanzi and I were preparing for bed, I sat brushing her hair as she struggled with the scrawl of Mozart's pen. \"I hate Italian! Why would he write me something Italian if he knows it is the language I struggle with the most?\" I chuckled, brushing back a thick strand of her dark curls, \"He's supposed to be teaching you something you do not know Stanzi, not something you already do.\" She growled with frustration and tossed the book onto the floor. \"I don't even understand what I'm memorizing!\" \"Well, perhaps he will explain it to you in your lesson tomorrow.\" I offered as she crawled under the quilts with a huff. \"He wanted me to learn it for tomorrow - not learn it tomorrow!\" I picked up the small book which had fallen open onto its pages, creasing the blue inked scribblings. \"I'll read it tonight and teach it to you tomorrow morning, not to worry Stanzi, I'm sure it's not as bad as all that.\" She frustratedly mashed a pillow over her face, abruptly ending our conversation. \"I'll come to bed in a minute Stanzi\" I soothed, stroking her bare arms, she grunted in response. Poor thing, she desperately wanted to impress Wolfgang but he cruelly faced her with an impossible task. Picking through the pages a few words caught my eye, \" Libidine, gemito, seno\" What on earth was this - I read the sultry text over again, to be sure of it's wording, Come to me my sweet darling Come to me my love In the evening when it's dark, you shall know my lust The only music in the night should be your gentle moans By the time I had translated the text fully, Stanzi had begun to snore softly, I pityfully shook my head. Reading it a third time over I acknowledged that the cleverly written notation was indeed scored beautifully - a gentle largo, almost a lullaby. Written above her range though, Stanzi would never be able to sing so far from the staff without great strain - and what a text! The subject was completely inappropriate, was he hoping that she would not know the meaning of it, or worse, that she would? Anger for that little man child was growing inside me once again as I slipped out of bed quietly and wrapped a wool shawl around my shoulders, gripping the censor worthy book as I padded down the dark hallway and deciding against knocking, simply threw open his door. Jumping up from his writing in complete surprise, he nearly knocked over his ink, it threatened to spill out over the score that he had been hunched over - his desk was illuminated by a single candle, dwindling down to it's last pathetic nub. \"Aloysia!\" he yelped in surprise, looking about wildly, noting Stanzi's little red book clutched aggressively in my steely fingers. \"Where did you get this text?\" I demanded, bare feet striding right up to him so that we were practically nose to nose. \"I…\" he back into his desk - bumping the tools that lay about on its top. \"Well….\" he stumbled over his words as I pressed the book against his chest angrily, \"Where.\" I hissed, narrowing my eyes. \"I wrote it.\" he coughed, admitting quietly. I stared at him in complete shock, I suppose on some level I had expected that answer but had been hoping it was a poor choice in pedagogy rather than filth from his own mind. \"For you actually…\" he sat slowly down onto the stool he had been perched on when I barged in, \"You'll notice it's not exactly Stanzi material. The range is too wide and the technique it demands will take her years to master. I thought it would be a challenge for her though.\" I was completely baffled, was this a compliment or some sort of trickery? I was at a loss for words. \"You are fortunate that my sister knows little Italian - I read the text and it's wholly inappropriate.\" He grinned, \"I know, but again, it was written for you.\" He gently pried the book from my hand, tossing it onto his desk and took both of my hands, looking mournfully up at me he lamented, \"Since you've decidedly cast me aside, I thought nothing of gifting your songs to Constanze, considering she is so eager to match her big sisters - why not allow her to try something tailored to you?\" Choosing not to respond, he continued - pressing my hands to his face, nuzzling them gently, \"You are a most talented soprano, and I miss our lessons dearly. I wish you would not push me away as you do.\" He said with a whimper, kissing the insides of my wrists. At that moment, I should have backed away, returned to my room, put him in his place - something! Alas, I was frozen, that familiar feeling in my gut awakened by his touch, soft and gentle. Looking down at his large blue eyes, framed by those soft lashes I couldn't help but lean into his touch. He smiled hearing my silent accord, pulling me down onto his knees. \"I must go my darling\" he whispered between the kisses that he showered along my neck, tightening his arms around my sides, drawing my back towards him. \"I cannot stay in Mannheim forever\" he pulled my hair gently over one shoulder to expose the crook of my neck as he began to nip there causing me to squirm. \"Will you ever forgive me?\" He turned me to face him directly, my cheeks flush and eyes dark. I freed my hands from his grip and pulled him forward, crushing his lips to mine. I could taste Mama's sweet coffee from earlier that evening and a hint of dark wine. With a gentle hiss, the candle finally sputtered and gave out, sending a weak plume of smoke into the darkness of his small room. Breaking our kiss, he pressed his forehead to mine, \"Time for bed.\" he whispered. I felt the urge to protest the abrupt end of our passion, before I realized that he had no intention of sending me on my way. Wrapping his arms under my legs and back he lifted me impressively and carried me through complete darkness to the small bed just feet from where we were. Wasting no time, he was quickly on top of me, having resumed his earlier attentions. Scenes from our evening walk through the woods flashed in my mind as he unbuttoned the bodice of my night dress, exposing my bare chest to the cool air. Feeling appreciatively in the dark he caressed each breast, fingering my pert nipples tentatively. His weight limited my movement, but it was an oddly welcome crushing sensation. Edging up the hem of my dress and nudging apart my thighs with his own, he was quick to have me in a compromising position. I could not make myself care for the moment as I arched into his kisses, shuddering at the touch of his hands. He brazenly traced a swift trail down to my inner thigh, raking across my most sensitive area. Instinctively I tried pulling away, he hushed me, \"Ali, please - I promise you.\" pressing his forehead to my own, registering my anxiety, \"I would never hurt you.\" Kissing me to both soothe and silence, his fingers found a most wondrous spot and began manipulating slowly, my stomach tightening as his touch. \"You see?\" he kissed my cheek as he concentrated on his ministrations, listening for signs of my approval. I began to pant, my breath coming in ladden bursts, small whimpers escaping my open mouth. \"Good girl\" he would whisper encouragingly as my thighs began to quiver, I gripped his arms with such strength that I thought he would protest but no, it seemed moreso encouragement. Pressing his mouth to mine, exploring with his tongue, I let out a small moan as I felt the tightness in my belly reach unbearable levels. I pushed against his hands, seeking mercy but he only increased his efforts until I threatened to spill over completely. \"Bella, it's alright…\" he cooed softly in my ear as I felt it. A wash, a rippling heat that pulsed through my body causing waves of shuddering convulsions leaving me panting wildly and damp with sweat. My aching legs fell limply against his sides and I felt as if I had melted under him. Dazed by the sudden overpowering tidal wave, I barely registered him removing what remained of his own clothing. Even in the dark I could still make out the masculine differences in his silhouette, he was thin but wirey, making quick work of his breeches and shirt he resumed his position. Still reeling from our earlier moment, I had little energy to resist as he began to kiss and nibble against my neck and chest, running his hands warmingly over my trembling thighs. Something bumped against me, there. My eyes flew open and I opened my mouth to protest but his hand flew to cover it. \"Ssh - I'll stop if that's what you wish.\" Muted by his hand I paused and he slowly dropped his guard, \"Aloysia?\" I weighed my options, and shrugged off my better judgement - being too far into this moment to stop now. I kissed him hungrily and in response and I felt him smile into it, lifting one of my thighs to rest over his hip he pushed himself against me, meeting initial resistance. \"Kiss me are hard as you can\" he whispered needily and I gladly complied, not prepared for the unpleasant pinching that came next. I yelped and squirmed, immediately shaken from what had a been until that point a most pleasurable experience. \"It's done Ali, the worst is over.\" he reassured me, stroking my hair as I struggled feebly. \"Is it over?\" I asked, barely above a whisper and he chuckled, kissing me chastely \"Not quite…\" when he drew back I felt the soreness below, and then again when he began to thrust, gentle at first then building vigour. I lay still completely in awe of the proceedings, allowing him to do what he must. After a short while he too began to whimper gently, his movements becoming more frenzied and desperate. Finally he stifled a groan and stiffened, his middle tensing and trembling terribly. He finally collapsed on top of me panting with exhaustion, squeezing the last breath out of me. We lay like this for some time, unable to move or to untangle from one another. I stroked his hair absently as his breathing slowed to normal and he slowly rolled to one side, reaching to pull me close. \"Most perfect\" he murmured, tucking the quilts around our bodies. \"Most perfect.\" I am not sure how long it was before we were both asleep, but I knew something had changed forever in that moment. But what, I could not yet be sure.[Chapter 12] Waking up in what could only be the middle of the night, I panicked feeling the weight of an unfamiliar body wrapped around my middle. Squinting in the dark I realized that the soft, warm limbs were definitely not that of my sister and this was most certainly not our childhood bed. Sneaking a cautious glance over my shoulder, I grimaced seeing Wolfgang sleeping peacefully at my side. His hair ruffled wildly, his mouth opened ever so, his gentle snores reassuring me that he was none the wiser of my watchful eye. Sighing deeply I cursed myself, images of earlier that evening flashing in my mind. I had ruined myself, and for what? God help me if I was to be with child from this encounter, Mama would tear me limb from limb. Frowning, I peeled myself from the tangle of arms and legs and slipped my bare feet down onto the cool floor, the chill of the wood planks sending shivers through my body. It was freezing! Grasping about in the dark, I pulled a quilt loose from the bed and wrapped myself as my skin began to prickle in the cool air. The fire in the corner stove had long since released it last plumes and the room had grown frigid. Looking apologetically towards Wolfgang who was sleeping soundly coiled tightly in a cocoon of covers. I tip toed towards the door and made my way back to my room, feeling along the walls in the dark. I prayed Constanze would not wake upon my return. Clutching the quilt around my shoulders as I padded down the hall as quietly as I could muster, I felt an unfamiliar slickness running down my thighs as I walked. My mind began to race, Oh God. I nervously wiped at the run off with my fingers, squinting in the dark to identify the mess. To my surprise, it was not what I had expected - clear, almost white in appearance. My face fell in concern, was there something wrong with me? Cleaning myself with a damp rag by the washstand before climbing into bed beside Stanzi, I squeezed my eyes shut anxiously. What have I done? When morning came Stanzi came to wake me, having decided to let me sleep for the majority of the earliest hours. \"Allie - get up! Get up!\" She shook me violently, \"..Mmrph\" I moaned, rubbing my eyes grumpily in response. My head was pounding, and the dull ache between my legs was a grim reminder of my lack of judgement. \"He's leaving!\" She wailed, shaking me awake Narrowing my eyes at her in confusion, I held my aching head, \"What?... Who?\" \"Wolfgang! He's leaving today - a commission has come from France so he is leaving today\" Her chin began to tremble, tears building in her eyes. My face fell and I turned a ghastly shade of pale \"Allie?\" She sobbed, wiping a stray tear that rolled down her cheek hotly, \"It's terrible!\" \"That's...for the best.\" I swallowed thickly, not wanting to divulge anything, but a knot of anxiety began to grow. Perhaps our tryst had prompted his sudden departure. Once the farmer has his milk, what good is the cow. \"Allie how can you say that?! He's been so good to me - to us!\" She stomped her foot in protest, placing her hands defiantly on her hips. I sighed, throwing back the covers and sliding out of bed to slash cool water on my burning face. \"Stanzi,\" I patted my face with a cloth from the washstand, \"He told us of this, we knew he would be leaving\" playing nonchalant, but the truth was that I was feeling rather dizzy. \"Well I'm going to send him off - you can think what you want, he's been nothing but a gentleman and I plan to write to him.\" Stanzi said in a frustrated huff before she turning on her heels and marching out, leaving me blinking in disbelief in her wake. Finishing my hair hastily and throwing on a simple frock, I joined the other members of my household just as Wolfgang was putting on his heavy outer coat. Buttoning the dark wool into place as my sisters and father surrounded him at the door, he joked casually with Papa - thanking him for his generosity and promising to send his symphonies to copy once they were complete. \"Herr Weber, I will post them to you in a few weeks - I know you will be able to copy the parts on short order.\" He flattered, to which Papa chuckled to himself proudly, \"Yes - well, any time my boy. For the great Mozart, anything.\" Wolfgang's smile fell when he saw me, standing just behind my Papa, with a solemn expression. \"You're welcome back with us anytime, please - you're no stranger here.\" Papa clasped his hand gruffly, and shook it for good measure.\"Danke\" He hummed, dipping his head to avoid my eyes before grabbing his bags and turning for the door. \"Mademoiselles,\" He nodded in acknowledgement towards my sisters, \"Bella voce - much luck to all of you, your talents are beyond measure.\" He winked at Stanzi and she melted into a blushing puddle, casting her heavy brown lashes towards the floor bashfully. And with that - he stepped out on to the landing, leaving us to resume our ordinary lives. Papa immediately retreated to his work, Stanzi skipped off delightedly and Josepha pulled Sophie back to her music lesson. I was left standing motionless at the door, staring off into nothingness. Against my better judgement, I slipped out quietly onto the landing, scanning for Wolfgang who had already struggled his way down to the bottom of the stairs and was fidgeting with his affairs. \"Wolfgang\" I called down to him from the top of the stairs, my voice echoed off the plaster walls. His head snapped up immediately, a smiled spreading across his face before he began to fly up the stairs, two at a time. \"Frauline!\" He grinned, his chest heaving from the exertion of the stairs, taking my hands in his he smiled expectantly. I didn't know what to say - I wanted to be mad, I wanted to beg him not to go, I wanted to promise him all sorts of things...but I knew I couldn't. \"Allie...\" He panted, still trying to catch his breath, \"Please, I wanted to speak with you before this morning but - \" I swallowed my fear and brazenly seized him by the back of the neck and pulled him in to a desperate kiss. He froze in response and I closed my eyes, praying no one would step out to the landing at this very moment and catch us mid kiss. Breaking apart gently, his eyes were wild - darting back and forth in an attempt to read my expression. Staring at each other in a moment of frustrated silence, I squeezed his hands which were still laced with my own, looking for reassurance. \"I'm going to come back for you\" He whispered, lifting my hand to his lips and grazing them softly against my knuckles. I watched him detachedly, knowing there was nothing I could say that would change his mind, this was it. \"Promise me you'll wait til then?\" His expression sweet, his hopeful blue eyes framed by his enviable lashes. My chin began to quiver and I looked away, before any tears could fall. His expression fell dolefully and he kissed my cheek chastely, \"I'll write.\" Letting my hands drop back to my sides, he gathered his bags and smiled sadly before turning for the door. I felt my throat squeezing tighter and I lifted my hand to my chest, pressing back against the growing lump there. I couldn't bring myself to speak, lest I fall to pieces. It pained me to let him go without so much as a word, but I was hopeful that he'd make due on his promise and return for me. I promised myself silently, watching the door click shut, I'd wait for him. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 - Summer in Mannheim It was warm that summer. Warmer than usual. The air was thick with u"},{"Movie":"Amadeus","Title":"The Musician","Author":"MymymyHello","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8454711","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His fingers moved swiftly across the neck of the instrument, fascinating the audience, hypnotizing them in ways they could never even imagined. His posture was extraordinarily perfect, and his confidence awing. His chin, with no chinrest, rest upon the wood, the vibrations rattling his imperfect teeth. His eyelashes tickled his face as his eye lay closed, his confidence once again awing. No music, no composer. Just him. An audience amazed sat through the full three hours, no need to stand to leave, no need to clap. They prayed it would never end. Such perfection had never been heard of before. Such purity had never been brought to their knowledge. Even the king himself had to be impressed. None had ever been so in love. The finale was coming; everyone could tell his bow was moving from the tip to the frog faster and faster, his fingers moving even more swiftly from one string to the next. Delight and inclination filled the bodies of every member of the audience, each begging to hear the tune forever. Let the tune be never ending! Let this man be our god scent savior out of this cold winter! Let his music never end… Alas, it did. Once his bow played the final note, an A on the D string, he took a moment before lowering it upon his lap, his eyes hesitating to open as he looked down. Yes, he was always displeased with its ending. The audience rose, the man's gaze at the ground. How could such a beautiful thing be over? Nevertheless, he looked up and smiled, standing from his chair and soaking up the gratification he had sent throughout the room. Bowing the people only became louder. The pride he had within him bloomed as he bowed once more, his smile only becoming vaster; greater; grander. It was the best night he had lived. Taking one last bow the king himself came up to the stage, his guards following, their smiled hidden. The king placed a hand on the young man's shoulder, his gratitude remaining as the audience continued to applaud, yet his envy could not get the better of him. He was king, yes, but when did he get such an applause? When was his life this celebrated? When did his people cheer him for after three hours of nothing but one instrument and a possible accompanist? He had to calm himself. This was not his day. As the clapping died down he smiled and brought the attention to him, \"Tonight, we celebrate a marvelous young gentleman, whose art form is a glory and a pleasure to have. Whose music is a gateway into beauty. This young man has given us a pleasure we are not to ignore, thus we shall reward him.\" The king made a gesture and two men arrived with a box. The young musician handed his instrument to another and opened the gift. \"A medal,\" the king said, \"for your beautiful music.\" The young man looked up at the king and smiled, soon shaking his hand, \"Merci, votre Altesse.\" The king patted the young man's back, then clapped, queuing everyone else to do the same. What a night for this man. What a marvelous beginning to a new life! What joys were to surround him next? What new treasures would be unfolded? In due time, everything would begin. In due time, his life would kick off. In due time, everything would change. In no time would he be ready for it.[Chapter 2] An opponent, perhaps a year or so older than this man, had been in the field longer and had always dreamed of having his fame. Alas, no luck. He was still a mere violinist. Of course he had his moments of popularity. He performed alongside the opera O Mio Babbino Caro, the audience mesmerized by both his playing and the young woman's voice. Jealousy is a horrid thing, and I know of it quite well, but unlike him mine never got the better of me. What would this man do to have the younger man's life? What would this man do to have the younger man's glory? What would this man do? In desperate envy he would sit and listen to the music for hours, fascinated; seduced by such gorgeous works. His life became a mere fly on a windshield. Such passion would build in his body, such lust for the music and the notes. Such craving and desires consumed him and ate him alive. Jealousy is a horrid thing, but it was not his only emotion… Find something better to play was his mission, to find a better work of art to call his own, to find something amazing… But what? What could it be? To steal from this young man would be a curse. To steal from this young man would be a death sentence. To steal form this young man would be evil. He knew his only option. He dared himself to request it. He dared himself to even suggest the idea to the young man he wished to be. He dared it, and he did it.[Chapter 3] Nervously he waited for the young musician. When will he show? When will he show? At last he arrived. The young man held his violin in his right hand, the other hand containing his bow. Walking slowly toward the other man he placed his bow in his right hand and extended an arm, \"Didier Moreau.\" The other shook, \"Satordi Duboi.\" His hands were soft. Very soft. Didier meant desired or yearned for, and this man understood why he was named such. Didier was slightly intimidated by this older man. Even though his age was only two years more he was on edge. Was this man here to test him? Was this man here to show him how poorly his performance was the night before? All of those presumptions were incorrect. Satordi gestured for him to sit down. Accepting, but still on edge, Didier sat. Satordi offered pastries, which Didier accepted, including tea. The room was decorated with a grand harpsichord, paintings, a vast fireplace, and fine china. Satordi noticed his guest's red lips and powdered skin. The white hair tied back by a black bow, his chin fair and his cheeks lightly painted with rogue. Didier noticed Satordi's stern look, yet his blue eyes were the most calming aspect about him. Satordi sipped his tea and preceded to speak, \"I wish to challenge you.\" Didier was confused, \"I beg pardon?\" Satordi went on, \"I wish to challenge you to play me.\" Didier feared this. He feared embarrassment, but he kept his guard, \"What piece? Where? When?\" The older man stood, walking over to the harpsichord and handing Didier a sheet of music. \"Now,\" Satordi gestured the guards to leave, \"here, and this piece.\" Didier looked at the music, then at his competitor, \"A duet?\" \"Improvisation,\" Satordi pulled out his own bow and began to rosin it, \"Do not just sit there. Prepare your instrument.\" The young man was very hesitant, but preceded with what he was told to do. Satordi tuned his violin as Didier practiced a quick piece just to get his fingering back on track. Satordi set a metronome, \"We go at this pace. You are allowed to add whatever you wish to the piece, but you must stick to the basics. Understood?\" Didier nodded. \"One…\" Satordi whispered, \"Two…Three.\" And they played.[Chapter 4] The piece was rather simple. It was of an amateur's writing. That was Satordi's intention. He wanted it to be easy just so he could see what the young man did with it. First, they just played the music, both of them getting the feel. Then, once they understood it, they became more creative. Referring back to a piece he had played the night before he made a section of the music more staccato, throwing Satordi completely off guard. How quickly Didier confused this man, but this wouldn't be the end of it. Satordi went into legato sixteenth notes, adding the D major scale in for good measure. This got Didier worried. How fast his competitor was flying! The strings could have been on fire by now! What kind of challenge was this? What was Satordi craving to get out of this? No matter. Didier was to win. He swore as a child he would never back down on a challenge nor lose it, thus he completely switched it up. Allegretto he played, getting rid of the original notes and throwing in his own. The first measure was allegretto, the next was staccato, and the third was legato. The key signature went from four/four to eight/five, Satordi in utter shock! Satordi changed his signature to 5/3, turning all of the notes into eight and sixteenths. Both of them ignored the metronome and whatever the other was playing. This was now a true duel. Satordi was becoming frustrated! This young man was brilliant and shameless! His confidence could have blinded him. As they got faster and faster, more and more complex, Satordi screamed out of rage and kicked his stand down, throwing his violin to the ground. The sound startled Didier out of his seat. Baffled, he remained on the floor, frightened of what Satordi may do to him. Panting, trying to find an explanation for this young man's perfection, Satordi grabbed Didier by the blouse and stammered angrily for words. Alas, nothing came, and he tossed Didier back on the floor, kicking the music on the ground. Removing his wig and sitting on the couch he ruffled his hair. Why must he be so flawless? Why is he so pure? He looked over at the young man whose face was now expressing nothing but fear. Satordi took a moment to collect himself, then stood, walking slowly over to Didier and helping him to his feet. Didier nodded and Satordi rang a bell, a servant entering. \"Show Monsieur Moreau to the door,\" he said, \"and get this mess cleaned up.\" Didier watched as Satordi exited, the servant soon coming over to remove him from the room. Frightened of what was to come next Didier debated what to do. Should he wait for Satordi to send for him again, or should he make the first move? Satordi already answered that question as he sat down in his study, writing out the first draft of a piece he composed for the young musician.[Chapter 5] Summoned once again the young musician took his violin up to Satordi's residence. Lead inside by a servant or two he finally made it to the music room where Satordi was already playing. Didier stood and watched as the man's hands moved across the harpsichord with such wisdom, such ethics, and such precision. He saw the faultlessness and cleanliness of this man's hands as he went from key to key, note to note, and with the eyes closed. Didier was amazed and intimidated, but as before he kept his ground and simply watched, a smile growing across his face. Once Satordi's left hand hit the last key, a B flat, he spoke to Didier, but looked at the harpsichord, \"There is music for you on the stand over there.\" Didier saw the stand and was hesitant. Was this another duel? Was he being punished? Nevertheless, he walked over, observing the notes. \"I want you,\" Satordi began, \"to play it.\" Didier looked back at the harpsichord where Satordi still directed his attention to the keys, somewhat hoping for an explanation. He never got one. Doing as he was told his placed his violin under his chin, took a moment to fully grasp the notes in front of him, then proceeded to play. It was an elegant tune. The notes were long and full of life, yet rather soothing. And, as if he had written it himself, Didier played it flawlessly. After the first page, Satordi looked back at the young musician, his fascination increasing by each bow stroke and by his perfect technique. Standing, Satordi made his way to the young man, Didier unaware. He watched over his shoulder as Didier quickly flipped the page, continuing his assignment. Satordi listened to the notes in his head over a dozen times, but never did he imagine them like this. Never in his life had he been this in love with the way someone played. Never in his life had he imagined this kind of interpretation from something he wrote. Didier soon finished the piece, a long vibrato on the A string, almost dropping his violin as Satordi placed his hand on the young man's shoulder. With no recognition of what Didier just played, Satordi placed another piece of music in front of him, Didier rather worried that his playing was unsatisfying. Quite the contrary. Didier played the notes he was given. Five pages of nothing but legato notes and constant vibratos. Five pages of a piece Satordi wrote. Five pages of music Satordi hoped would challenge the young musician. No such luck. The young man finished the piece at a reasonably fast pace, and not one flaw was heard. Somewhat frustrated Satordi placed another piece in front of Didier, desperate to find this young man's imperfections. Didier sighed and continued to play. This piece was like all the others: Legato, vibrato, and soothing. But by the second page, he stopped playing. Satordi noticed his mistake. The young musician was startled himself. This one transition from this note to the next baffled him. It wasn't like he had never played it before. He just couldn't do it. Sitting down he presumed he was just tired. But still concerned he went back a measure and tried again, but the same thing happened. He tried it again, and again, and again until he was too perplexed for words. He is punishing me! Didier thought. But this wasn't Satordi's punishment. This was just another test. Before the young musician could begin to play again Satordi placed his hand on Didier's bowing hand. The young man was startled, but said nothing. Satordi knelt down to his level and pointed to the transition he was having trouble with. Didier nodded. Satordi directed his attention to the neck of his violin and showed him fingering that Didier recognized: It was the fingering of the measure before. Didier nodded, but soon realized what Satordi was doing at the transition. It wasn't as complicated as he had made it. He looked over at Satordi expecting his face to be frustrated, but quite the contrary. It was smiling. Didier made a nervous grin, and as Satordi stood the young musician went back a measure… And he played the transition immaculately. Crossing his arms Satordi smiled once more. This young man was just a musician with impeccable talent and skill. He still had much to learn. And Satordi would teach him.[Chapter 6] The lessons began the next day, Didier now more concerned with perfection than ever. Satordi placed sheets of music in front of Didier, Didier playing until he got stuck. Satordi would assist him, show him how to make it easier, and Didier would continue to play. After a few days Didier mastered the art of fixing his own mistakes, and Satordi decided to move it up a little. By the fourth day Satordi directed the young man's attention to the harpsichord. \"Play what I play.\" Satordi said, sitting at the harpsichord, Didier pulling out his violin. Satordi played a simplistic tune and Didier played it back. Satordi played an easy tune and Didier played it back. Gradually, the tunes became harder and harder, but Didier continuously returned them. After about fifteen of these Satordi told Didier, \"Keep your eyes closed.\" Didier did as he was told. He played what he heard, and only what he heard. If he heard an open D he would play an open D. He didn't dare make it more complex than that. However, Satordi wanted to throw the young man off guard. Thus, he improvised a fast and seemingly complex set of notes that at first baffled Didier. He took a moment to recollect what he had heard, then preceded to play. Flawless. Satordi smiled. What a creation God had sent him! A beauty with only a violin and a dream! A man of such perfection! But that could not be all this young man was. This young man had to be challenged, and that was Satordi's goal: To challenge this young man. Playing the violin was second nature. It was something he was practically born doing. Now, his job was to make Didier think. As Satordi began to speak, Didier took it as queue to open his eyes, \"Sit.\" Didier sat next to the older man, \"And play this.\" Satordi placed a sheet of music in front of Didier all for harpsichord. Didier was a marvelous, unrealistic violinist. Yes, he had some experience with harpsichord, but never anything this complex. Nonetheless he accepted the challenge. He placed his violin in its case and then returned to the harpsichord, stretching out his fingers and beginning to play. He was nervous, but he wanted to prove he could do anything. Why did this matter so much to him all of the sudden? He could not even answer that question to save his own life. Note after note and key after key the young man played, finally, a flaw was spotted by Satordi's keen ears. Nevertheless, he let the young musician continue. Once Didier concluded he looked at his teacher anxiously. Satordi looked only at the notes, his hand fixed profoundly under his powdered chin. \"You made three mistakes,\" he told Didier, \"Find them.\" Yes, the young man was finally challenged.[Chapter 7] The harpsichord became more vital to the young musician as the weeks passed by. He would play until his fingers bled even without Satordi there to correct him. He has been reined as perfect, and he refuses to be anything less. Satordi would simply watch and assign. He wanted to see what the young man did with his directions. He wanted to see what this pure musician did with whatever he said. Didier forgot what the word sleep meant after the first week. His desperation could have killed him, and he didn't even know why it mattered. Satordi just liked watching him. Nothing more. One evening Didier would never end his practicing. Key after key after note after note he wanted this piece to be perfect. Perfection was his only craving, even if it wasn't what Satordi wanted. He no longer cared what people expected him. It was only about what Didier expected of Didier. That was all that mattered. The next morning he spotted a letter slipped underneath his door. Quickly he opened it: Dear Monsieur Didier, Your playing is impeccable and your style is extraordinaire. Thus, the king request you play for his daughters by the end of this week. He wants to hear your violin and your violin alone in his throne room. His daughters Amelie, Nanette, and Helene shall be viewing along with him. We shall see you Friday at three PM sharp. Sincerely, Sir Gilmore. The king and his daughters? This was the opportunity of a lifetime that he could not pass up! He hurried over to his lesson more excited, yet nervous, than he had ever been in his life. \"Master Satordi!\" he called as he entered the music room, \"You will not believe what I have been offered!\" Satordi was scribbling down notes for the young man to play and almost dropped his inkwell out of shock, but caught his guard. He stood, \"What has happened, Didier?\" \"His highness wishes me to perform at his palace this Friday!\" Didier couldn't help but smile, \"His daughters shall be watching! It must be of upmost perfection!\" The daughters of the king? Satordi slightly frowned at this. A man of Didier's age going before the princesses of France, possibly taking one of their hands in marriage? This was something Satordi only dreamed of, and now the pupil he willingly took on is pursuing it. Take a breath, Satordi. Don't spoil this young man's dreams. Satordi smiled, still rather envious, \"Then we must prepare. Take out your violin and we shall begin with the opera.\" Didier smiled and excitedly pulled out his instrument, Satordi making him close his eyes and play from memory. Obviously, the man was flawless. Satordi watched him, his jealousy rising, but at the same time he had an amount of pride within him. He saw a lot of himself in this young musician. Didier's ambition and dream to be perfect was what caught him. His wish to be of a higher stature all because of the notes he played was much like Satordi's same hope and dream. He smiled at their similarities. Still envious he didn't dare take this opportunity away from Didier. He wanted Didier to have these moments while they lasted. He wanted this young man to fulfill his dreams. He wanted all the best for him. And because of what he wanted for this young man, he stopped teaching Didier, and recommended him to another.[Chapter 8] Dressed in his finest Didier played for hours as the daughters and the king himself watched and listened, everyone in the room in pure awe. However, Didier wasn't in the best mood. His master had just told him to find a new teacher. Was there something wrong with his playing? Was there something wrong with him ? All of these were possibilities, but while he had the moment he took it, and continued to play for the royal family. The daughters sat together, all of them watching in pure amazement. What a gorgeous violinist stood before them. The most handsome man they had ever seen played the instrument that seduced them the most. Yes, they all wanted him. Only one could have him. At the last piece his eyes remained closed, but the crowd in front of him knew very well that he was done. The princesses stood and applauded. Like the concert weeks ago he continued to look down, then finally smiled and bowed. The king came up to him, patting his back, \"You are a fine musician, monsieur.\" \"Merci.\" Didier bowed to the king. \"I insist you stay for dinner.\" The king said, startling Didier as he put his violin away. Didier turned to him, \"Dinner?\" The princesses smiled excitedly. \"Oui,\" the king said, \"diné.\" Didier did not hesitate to accept, and the princesses all chirped in enthusiasm. At the table, Princess Helene made her way to sit next to her love, Princess Amelia and Princess Nanette took their seats across from the two, Queen Antonella took the head, and the king took the other head. They discussed music and all sorts of different events, the princesses agreeing with practically everything Didier said. By dessert Didier was full, but he didn't dare disappoint the king. \"How long have you been playing?\" Princess Helene asked him as the dessert was placed in front of her. \"Since I was four,\" Didier swallowed his bite, \"and so on and so on.\" \"Who taught you?\" Princess Nanette ignored her dessert. \"My mother paid for me to have a teacher. I was his pupil until I was fifteen.\" \"What happened?\" Princess Amelia questioned. Didier wiped his mouth, his powder coming slightly off on his napkin, \"My master passed, I moved out, and by then I was ready to take my talent much more seriously. Thus, I began looking for places to perform and people to teach. Five months ago I got a letter to play at a near by theatre, which I quickly accepted. The crowd apparently loved me, thus I got more offers. Then, your father gave me a medal and I began being taught by Monsieur Satordi. Now, I am here.\" There was a long pause, and then Nanette seemed to get an idea. \"Papa,\" Princess Nanette turned to her father, \"may I get lessons from Monsieur Didier?\" \"Me as well!\" Princesses Helene and Amelia called. The queen chuckled at her daughters' crushes and the king calmed them all down. He looked at Didier, \"Monsieur Didier, would you be willing to coach my daughters in the art of harpsichord?\" Didier took a moment; him teaching the king's daughters? He looked at three, then back at the king, and smiled, \"Oui, Votre Altesse. I would love to.\"[Chapter 9] \"It's sharp, Your Grace.\" Didier directed Helene's hand to the correct key, her smile growing: He was touching her! \"Helene, please.\" She told him. He was surprised, but accepted it nonetheless. The servant knocked on the door and Princess Helene stood. \"Same time Thursday?\" she asked him. He kissed her hand, \"Yes, and keep practicing your scales.\" She nodded and was escorted out by the servant, Princess Nanette escorted in by another. He kissed her hand, \"Good day, Madame.\" \"Nanette.\" She told him. He nodded and became rather worried: They were all in love with him. She sat down at the harpsichord, his dress taking up the entire chair, thus Didier stood and directed her. The two reviewed what he taught her three days earlier, her hand posture and definition was horrid as it was for the passed two weeks. At the end of the hour the servant knocked and Didier kissed her hand goodbye. Only one more for the day. Another servant brought Princess Amelie in, her dress closer to her body and her hair up in a simplistic bun. He kissed her hand and she proceeded to sit down near the harpsichord. \"What do you recall from Monday, Amelie?\" Didier sat next to her. She began to play as she named them, \"The D scale…the F scale…the G scale…and their arpeggios.\" She easily proved she was telling the truth, and Didier nodded. She was the only one whom actually practiced. \"Very good, Your Grace,\" he applauded, \"Excellent.\" She blushed slightly, but soon pulled out a sheet of music, \"I found some of this music in my father's music room and I thought I'd try it out.\" Didier gestured to the harpsichord, \"Be my guest.\" She placed the music up on the stand. It was an amateur's piece, and she played it with ease. Her posture was perfect, her focus was undisturbed, and her confidence growing. Of course she had to stop and start many times, but Didier wanted to see how she played it before he proceeded to help her. After about ten minutes she finished it and looked at him. His hand was under his powdered chin and his red lips were pursed in thought. Then, he remembered something. He looked at her after a while and said, \"Other than the stopping and starting it was very good. However, you made four mistakes that are easily recognizable. As your teacher, I instruct you to find them and self correct.\" He saw a lot of himself in this young lady. He refused to forget his teacher.[Chapter 10] It was late in the night, but he had to see him. Knocking upon the door a guard answered, \"Yes?\" \"I need to see Monsieur Satordi,\" he said, \"Tell him it's Didier.\" The guard closed the door and Didier could hear him walking away, another door opening. After a long pause, two footsteps were headed to the door where Didier waits anxiously. He opened the door, \"Didier? I told you to get a new master.\" \"I wish to be yours, monsieur,\" Didier said through the little space in the door, \"Please, Monsieur Satordi. I wish to be your pupil. What did I do wrong? What did I do to make you no longer wish to teach me?\" \"Didier,\" Satordi began, \"it-\" \"Whatever it was, I can change!\" Didier became desperate, \"Please, monsieur! Just teach me. Teach me, monsieur! Please!\" Satordi looked at the young man. He only wanted Didier to be at his best and he was well aware that eventually his jealousy would get the better of him. No matter, he let the musician come inside. Didier and Satordi entered the music room. Didier soon realized how different Satordi looked without the powder or the wig, but ignored such. That wasn't what was important now. The two sat and Satordi poured him a drink, \"How is it going with the princesses?\" Didier sipped, \"Only one of them actually yearns to play. The other two only beg for me to ask for their hands.\" Satordi laughed at this. It was a shock to hear this man laugh, but Didier joined him nonetheless. Sipping his drink Satordi remembered something and stood, \"I saw this and thought of you…\" walking to the harpsichord he came back with a piece of music, \"It just seemed like something you would play.\" Didier placed his cup down and took the sheet reading the notes and listening in his head. What elegance! What purity and perfection! What savvy diction that this piece could not live without! Didier was flattered. He looked up at his master, \"Might I play it?\" Satordi handed him his own violin, \"Of course.\" Didier quickly grabbed the violin and placed the music on a stand and didn't hesitate to start playing, and as he heard in his head, it was elegant. Satordi just listened, soaking up the dreamlike sounds that came from his own violin, but from Didier's playing it was godly. The evening became darker, but neither became sleepier. As Didier played Satordi listened, and as Satordi listened Didier played. Once Didier finished, like always, Satordi did not recognize his brilliance. Didier turned to his teacher. Satordi's hand was under his chin like always, and he simply said, \"You made three notes flat. Find them.\" And with a smile, Didier did so.[Chapter 11] She concluded the piece she had been practicing and prepared to go to her lesson as Didier prepared to teach her. Satordi handed him his music and Didier smiled as he headed out the door to the palace. Arriving just on time Amelia was already at the harpsichord, and like always there was room for Didier to sit next to her. \"Did you practice?\" Didier sat and gestured for her to do her scales. \"Two hours a day,\" she played, \"since I do not have much else to do.\" She concluded all her scales and went onto arpeggios, \"I finally mastered the other piece you gave me.\" \"I shall be the judge of that.\" He told her, the two of them smiling. She finally finished all her exercises and pulled out the music she claimed she had surmounted, \"I believe it is still in common time?\" \"Would you like to change it to a waltz?\" he questioned as he looked at the notes he had given her. She became excited, \"May I? Please?\" He smiled, \"Of course.\" She clapped excitedly then turned her attention back at the harpsichord. \"One,\" he said, \"two…three…four.\" She changed the key signature to three/four and did her best to still play the same song. She did very well. Wonderfully, in fact. She sight-read the notes and, in her mind, added three notes to each measure. Yes, it contradicted the piece somewhat, but it sounded gorgeous. It was no amateur and it was certainly not mediocre. It was the work of a student of Didier Moreau. Once she got the basics of it down she played it all the way through one last time and looked at Didier with a smile. He couldn't help but smile back. Taking a minute to think he came to a conclusion, \"Ever danced to a waltz?\" She took a moment to think, \"I am unaware.\" He stood and rang a bell. A servant appeared and he went to him, \"Bring in your usual entertainer please.\" The servant nodded, and not too long after and older man with a sheet of music arrived, \"Oui, monsieur?\" Didier directed him over to the harpsichord, making Amelia stand, \"Would you mind playing your most elegant waltz?\" He made a face, \"Not at all, sir. Not at all.\" He bowed to Amelia and then proceeded to play, Didier taking her hand to dance. \"What are you doing, monsieur?\" Amelie questioned. He kissed her hand, \"If you wish to play a waltz you must understand how people are supposed to dance to one.\" \"I know how to dance to a waltz, Monsieur Didier,\" she said, \"What I need is-\" \"This is also an excuse for you to teach me how to dance,\" he interrupted. She looked at him and he further explained, \"I've never been taught.\" She blushed, and unlike before she wasn't ashamed to, \"Of course, monsieur. Just follow my lead.\" She placed her right hand on his shoulder, his left hand on her waist, his right hand holding her left. \"Originally the man leads the dance,\" she told him, \"but since I am teaching you we can put that on the side for now.\" He nodded and she began to count in threes, his feet slightly tripping over the other. She showed him how to twirl her and how to tip, how to lead and how to follow, and the two of them soon began having the time of their lives. After a while he began to lead, his clumsiness making her laugh, but he would quickly catch himself and make up for it. Twirling her and dancing with her the two could have done this for hours. After tipping her he brought her up into his arms, their closeness something new and intriguing, his arms around her waist and hers on his chest. Was this the beginning of something more...? The answer to that would have to wait, as there was a knock on the door, Amelie immediately separating from her teacher. A servant opened the door and Didier nodded, kissing Amelie's hand after she collecting her music. \"In three days, Madam?\" he wanted to see her sooner than that. She nodded, feeling the same way he did, \"Three days.\" \"Á mercredi.\" He waved as she was escorted. \"Á mercredi.\" She waved back. He watched her leave, the entertainer following her. Such a feeling had never overcome this young musician. Was it love? Was it lust? Was it his craving for power? He placed his head in his hands as he heard the sound of the door closing.[Chapter 12] Satordi was nervous as ever. An audition like this only comes once in a lifetime. He listened to the performers before him and they weren't half bad. His only prayer was that they weren't better. They called his name and he swallowed. Easy, Satordi, easy. Just play your piece and everything will be fine. He stood from his chair and made his way to the room, his violin shaking as his left hand couldn't calm down. The three judges sat before him, their gazes judgmental even though they haven't even heard the piece. He bowed and placed the music on the stand. Exhaling all of his nerves he calmed down and began to play. The piece began so elegantly and so perfectly. The piece was pure, but after a while things changed up, and he began playing staccato, 2/4. The judges' faces remained the same, the way Satordi's did when he watched Didier play, but within them they were standing and cheering. However, they remained in their seats. With confidence Satordi closed his eyes and played from memory, somewhat improvising by now. He didn't care if it wasn't what they wanted to hear. He needed this performance. He needed this audience. He needed this. Once he concluded he took a while to open his eyes, the judges just looking at him. The woman in the middle spoke, \"We will get back to you, monsieur.\" He bowed and collected his music, leaving the room as fast as he could. Later that week after he handed Didier his music and sent him off to teach Princess Amelie he received a letter. Fear, excitement, and stupidity flung passed his brain, but he didn't have time to just stand there. Shutting the door to his study he sat down, his leg shaking uncontrollably. He took the letter opener and ripped open the envelope, his fingers practically ripping the paper. Then, he had to stop. This answer would change everything. This event would change his life for better and for worse. He sat back in his chair, tossing the letter on the table. He had to take a breather. After what seemed like hours he went back to discovering the answer to his fate, the answer to his life. Slowly unfolding the paper he began to read, dropping the paper out of awe as Didier rushed inside the music room.[Chapter 13] \"Satordi! Satordi!\" the young musician called. He knocked on his master's study, \"Satordi, you will not believe what has happened!\" \"Neither will you…\" Satordi whispered as his pupil opened the door. \"I think Princess Amelie loves me,\" Didier excitedly began, \"and I think I love her! Oh, Satordi, I think I am a man who has fallen in love! Yet, am I crazy? Oh, what does it matter? I want to hold her in my arms until we have melted into one another. I want to see her in the morning before she has made herself look like a priceless painting. I want…I want to be mine , Satordi. Is that what love is, Satordi? Surely you have felt it before.\" All Satordi did was hand Didier the letter after a long pause, Didier accepting it. He read it looking up worriedly at his teacher afterward, \"A tour?\" Satordi stood and looked out the window, \"I'm sorry, Didier.\" Didier followed him to the window, \"Do not be. This is worth it! You should go!\" he took a moment, \"But… am I ever-\" \"Going to see me again?\" Satordi finished the young man's question, \"I don't know.\" He looked back down at the letter, and then back up at Satordi, \"Will you ever come back to Blois?\" Satordi shrugged, \"I don't know.\" Didier didn't know how to handle this. On the one hand he was happy for Satordi, but on the other he wanted Satordi to stay. Was he being selfish? He couldn't tell. Sitting in Satordi's chair he placed his hand over his mouth, still unable to comprehend what he has read, \"Satordi, I-\" \"I don't know if I'm going yet, Didier,\" his teacher said, surprising the pupil, \"I'm not sure.\" Didier shot up, \"Really? But why?\" He looked down. He didn't want to say it was because of Didier. He didn't want to confess that he was too amazed by his pupil to leave. Thus, he turned to Didier and said, \"Traveling in this weather is Hell himself.\" Didier smiled and Satordi returned it. After a moment Satordi clapped his hands together, \"So, you mentioned you were in love?\" \"Possibly in love, Satordi,\" he took a seat, \"She is a beauty and a marvelous pianist. Her lips are red as a rosebud; her eyes like stars and her hands are soft as a sheep's fur. Oh, I could never love a woman the way I love her.\" Satordi took his chair and smiled at Didier. He himself had once been in love, but being in the musical profession she was more interested in someone whose only dream was to make dozens of children. The relationship never took off. Didier continued on about how fair Amelie was, how her body was handmade by angels, and how her playing was that of a natural born pianist. After he explained the waltz moment he sighed and leaned back on his chair, his red lips stretching across his face as he smiled. What a wonderful feeling it is to be in love. It is of rare occasion, however, that such a beauty shall last. It is of rare occasion that two people are only each other's these days, but back then it was punishable by death to disobey the rules of marriage. Sitting back up and placing his arms on the table he smiled and Satordi couldn't help but wonder what would happen to him if Didier married Amelie. Didier stood, \"So, may I have a lesson?\" Satordi stood as well, \"What shall I teach you?\" \"How to serenade, monsieur,\" he opened the door, \"I wish to seduce my Amelie at her next lesson.\" Satordi chuckled, \"Oui, Didier. I can teach you one of my favorites, but it is on the harpsichord,\" he looked keenly at his pupil, \"Are you willing to accept the challenge?\" Didier made his way to the harpsichord, \"Always.\"[Chapter 14] Through the weeks, the love between Didier and Amelie was kept secret, for the sake of her sisters and for the sake of his reputation. Satordi began taking on other pupils in slight hope he will get over Didier and be able to move on. Move passed the glorious violinist he wishes he helped mold. He just couldn't do it, though. Nothing was working. One evening Didier told Amelie to sing an opera while he dabbled the piece on the harpsichord. \"Of course, my love,\" she stood, \"I shall sing for you.\" He played the opening notes, and soon enough her voice rang through the entire room. He was awestruck. A woman with a voice of gold was among him. A woman who has captured his heart with her beauty and art. A woman he wished to marry was before him. Once she finished the opera he jumped from his seat and lifted her off the ground, spinning her romantically. After laughing until she could no longer breathe he placed her feet on the ground again, her fingers slipping into his. He was desperate to kiss her. He wanted her lips and he wanted her body. He wanted her. Placing the softest hand upon his cheek the princess smiled, his white face the turning the color of pink as he blushed underneath his powder. \"I love you, Didier.\" She whispered in his ear. He kissed her cheek, \"And I love you, Amelie.\" They looked into each other's eyes, soon separating, as there was a knock on the door. \"Oui?\" Amelie called, and a woman quickly ran to her. \"Madam!\" she cried joyfully, \"You will not believe what has happened!\" \"What are you speaking of?\" Amelie asked. \"The king has found you a suitor!\" the woman took Amelie's hand, \"He is here, right now!\" Amelie's heart sank to her feet. She looked over at Didier, desperate to confess her love for him. However, if the king finds someone fit for his daughter's hand… Well, let's just say there's no disobeying him. The woman somewhat dragged Amelie out the room as she waved kisses to her love, Didier waving back as the door slammed behind her. Collapsing onto the couch he could not hold back his tears. The love of his life was soon to be wed by another. What a horrid feeling that grew within him at that moment. He only had one person to go to. Leaving the palace as quickly as possible he made his way to Satordi's, banging on the door as hard as he could. \"Open up!\" Didier cried, tears coming down his face, \"Satordi!\" A servant opened the door, sweat coming down his face, \"Are you the doctor?\" Didier froze, \"Doctor?\" \"Master Satordi is ill,\" the servant explained, \"He is sick.\" Didier pushed pass the servant and ran in the direction of which he heard groans and exclamations of pain. He pushed open the door, \"Mon dieu…\" Satordi lay in bed, his body covered in blankets and his face decorated in small red dots. Didier ran to him, grabbing his hand, \"Satordi? Satordi, can you hear me?\" he soon grabbed him by the shoulders, \"Satordi?!\" He was not dead, but looked as if he could've been. Didier grabbed his teacher's body and cried upon it, begging God to have this be a mistake. \"Mon dieu…\" He was speechless. The man he looked up to the most taken ill? The possibility he could never recover… He got angry letting his mind think that far. \"Merde!\" he slammed his fist down on the table in front of him, \"Merde, monsieur! Why must god do this to you? This is blasphemy! Blasphemy!\" He couldn't explain why he was so angered, but I think I can elaborate: This man was the only man that didn't flaunt over him. Satordi gave Didier work and didn't \"oo\" and \"aw\" because he was a wonderful violinist. Satordi gave Didier ways to improve, and that was different. That was what made Didier love Satordi. Promising to stay by his master's bedside until his health was improved he dismissed his classes with the other princesses. By night and by day he remained right by his side, refusing to leave. He would play his violin to entertain the immobile man, a smile growing within Satordi, but not on his face. Praying and begging for Satordi to recover, he was soon told by the best doctor he could afford that the condition wasn't as serious as he thought it was. The weeks proceeding this news was long, but Didier could tell Satordi's illness was retrieving. He received only one letter from his love, which was filled with unfortunate truths. She told him how they could never see one another again after she married. She explained how her marriage was of vital importance, but she was unhappy. However, she wished to see him one last time. He couldn't leave Satordi's side, though. Thus, she came to him. Didier opened the door for her, hurrying her inside as a cloak covered her. The moment she removed the horrid cloak he lifted her, twirling her around in circles, her laughter the first pleasant thing he's heard in days. Placing her feet back upon the ground he kissed her cheek. She flinched. Separating from his arms she turned away, Didier confused as to why she was doing this. \"Amelie?\" he questioned, \"Is something wrong?\" As he came closer she smacked him as hard as she could, tears coming down her face. \"This is sacrilege!\" she cried, \"I am engaged! I am…I-\" She placed her hands on her cheeks and screamed. The confusion was killing her inside. Squatting she screamed once more, begging for an answer to why she wanted this man. Begging for an answer to why she was willing to betray her father's orders. Adultery was ungodly. Adultery was a sin, but she couldn't resist how much she loved this violinist. He hesitated to hold her after what she told him, but she soon grabbed him and pulled him into her arms, bawling on his shirt. He knelt down to her level, still holding her and still loving her. Refusing to admit that their love is inhibited he kept her in his arms, soaking up the final time he would feel this type or warmth. Before he knew it, though, the servant arrived in the room, announcing Satordi's recovery.[Chapter 15] Didier ran into the bedroom, Amelie following. The servant stood aside as Satordi opened his eyes, his red spots gone. \"Satordi?\" Didier gently pushed back some of his teacher's hair, \"Satordi, can you hear me?\" Satordi opened his eyes lightly, smiling at Didier, \"Oui, Didier. I can hear you.\" A tear of joy came from Didier as he knelt on his knees, thanking god as Satordi placed his hand lightly on his pupil's head, Amelie watching the scene: She was amazed that a man could cry for another in such a way. She was amazed of this deep feeling Didier felt. She was amazed that she couldn't have him for herself even if they did marry. Sighing lightly she went back into the main room, took her cloak, and left the house without looking back.[Chapter 16] The next day Satordi was able to walk around, Didier ecstatic over his master's health improving. Not only could Satordi walk around, but also he could tell Didier to play, and play Didier did. As Satordi continued to regain his strength Didier fiddled on his violin and the piano, mainly practicing, but also playing whatever piece Satordi shouted out for him. After Satordi had been well for three days Didier began to think about Amelie, The wedding was in a month, and he would be crushed to see it. Little did he know she moved on. She made herself ignore Didier's very existence. If a man like that cared for Satordi so much how could she ever have him for herself? Obviously, her sisters never got over him, but she had to. She had to forget. And very slowly, Didier forgot too. \"No, go back!\" Satordi told him, \"Go back to the first measure and play that bit. It doesn't sound right. Find that section that doesn't work and work it out.\" Didier nodded and continued on the violin as Satordi lied back on the couch, closing his eyes to listen. He played the piece over and over, trying to figure out what didn't sound right. And then he realized what his teacher was doing. He put his violin in resting position, \"Master, there is nothing wrong with this piece. I have played it flawlessly over six times. You are just testing me, aren't you?\" Satordi opened one eye with a smile, and Didier knew that meant 'yes'. Standing up and patting Didier on the back Satordi had never been more proud of anyone in his life. \"Now, harpsichord.\" Satordi said, Didier already beating him to the punch. He quickly went through all his scales and all his arpeggios, Satordi placing a sheet of music in front of him. \"From the top,\" Satordi pulled out his baton, \"Un, deux, trois.\" Didier played as Satordi conducted. Satordi had never brought out the baton before, but Didier didn't think of it twice. Going through music after music, Didier's hand soon became tired, but he had to keep on playing. New music was there for him to sight-read, but all of it was easy to him Every last note was that of an amateur. Satordi stopped his playing and proceeded to think. How else would he challenge his pupil? Then, he got an idea. Going into his study he came back with a stack of paper, placing it on a table next to Didier's violin. \"Your assignment,\" Satordi told him, \"is to compose a piece.\" Didier stood, looking at all the pages, \"Something thins long?\" Satordi nodded, \"No more, no less.\" This was definitely a challenge Didier would accept, \"Any type of music?\" \"Just has to be this long,\" Satordi patted the pile, \"Are you ready to go through with it?\" Didier picked up the stack, \"Always.\" Satordi grabbed his pupil's shoulders and smiled. Didier smiled back as Satordi clapped his hands together, \"You have a week. I do not want to see you until that time is up. Understood?\" Didier nodded in understanding. Managing to pick up his violin Didier headed out the door, prepared for the challenge he had just accepted.[Chapter 17] Once again he had forgotten the word \"sleep\". To compose a work of art in a week was definitely a difficult task, but he refused to back down from it. Satordi expected much of him, and he never wished to disappoint him. He would tinker around on the violin and his harpsichord all the time, jotting down random notes and random melodies in effort to create this masterpiece. One evening, late at night it was, he was sitting by a single candle, trying to write piece when there was a knock at the door. He went to the door and opened it, revealing Princess Helene. He bowed, \"Majesty, I-\" \"Helene,\" she said, \"May I come in?\" He took her coat and she entered, looking around the small room. \"Your home is cozy,\" she said, lightly touching the harpsichord, \"and rather lovely.\" \"Merci, Madam,\" he said, gesturing for her to have a seat. She didn't sit and continued to talk, \"My sister is to be married in less than a month. All of France is buzzing about it and so is all of Blois,\" she came closer to him, \"Are you attending the wedding?\" He placed her coat in the closet, in slight desperation to keep her away from him, \"I presume I must.\" She laughed, \"You don't have to do anything,\" she walked up to him, \"other than teach me the art of,\" she placed her hand on his shoulder, \"music.\" This disgusted him. A woman whom didn't care for this beautiful art form was willing to pretend all so she could be intimate with the man in front of her. He pushed her hand away, \"Frankly, I do not believe you have what it takes.\" She pursed her lips at this. Then, she made a smug grin and made her way back to the harpsichord, her fingers gently touching the keys. \"How much an instrument such as this must mean to you,\" she said, \"A woman of my stature is rather intimated by your fingers and the way elegantly make everyone's heart beat faster, their palms sweat, and their minds go a blur other than the sound you make,\" she picked up his violin, \"on a silly instrument.\" She looked back at him, \"Of course, an instrument like this is very valuable to you. You have needs, monsieur, and so do I. You need this piece of wood, and I have more vital aspects to attend to,\" she plucked a string on the instrument, \"and you can help me tend to them.\" He cocked an eyebrow, \"Are you bribing me?\" She laughed, \"Oh, such a wonderful violinist like you should not have to ask such a pathetic question,\" she plucked another, \"You of all people would know.\" \"I am a musician, not a psychic.\" He told her. She plucked another, letting it ring, \"But you know, wouldn't you? Thus, I ask you, Monsieur Didier the Great Violinist, why did I come here tonight?\" This revolted him. He knew what she was doing and she was doing it well. She was a princess who loved to abuse power, and she was dangling all his dreams in front of his nose. She somewhat tossed the violin back on the table, Didier running to it to make sure it wasn't broken, but she stopped him by placing her hand on his chest. He didn't dare fight her, \"The answer is no, votre Altesse ,\" he pushed pass her, \"It shall always be.\" She grabbed his arm and he gritted his teeth, \"You dare disobey the daughter of your king?\" He turned to her, \"You may be the daughter of my king, but you are disgusting!\" She laughed, \"Making a deal with the most successful and handsome violinist in France is not disgusting. However, that very violinist willing to be with my married sister is repulsive .\" He was taken aback. She knew of the incident between Amelie and himself. She knew of their love. He held his guard, swallowing nervously. She knew she startled him, her smug grin turning into a smile, \"So, what is it going to be?\" she used him arm to bring him closer to her, \"I destroy your reputation…or you become the most famous violinist in all of Europe?\" To be in this situation was certainly not ideal. If he said 'no', not only his reputation would be damaged, but Amelie's as well. If he said 'yes', every opportunity known to man would be at his feet. He didn't know what to say to her. It was so wrong to accept this, but for the sake of Amelie…his love… Smiling, she knew she had caught his tongue, and brought him into a kiss. Her lips were greedy and his were unexpected. He made himself be seduced by her, ignoring how wrong this all was. Picking her up into his arms he brought her to the bedroom, her lips still kissing his. He lay down on the bed, her hand on his chest. They looked at one another, her hand pushing her off him and he stood, her sitting up on the bed. She placed him in a chair and began to undo her clothing. Piece by piece she all that was left was her bare chest, and to his horror she began undoing his clothing. He wanted nothing more than to push her away as she exposed his chest, kissing him, his arms around her. She looked into his eyes, their noses touching, \"A lifetime of opportunities is on its way, Didier. But for now…\" she laid back on the bed, \"Take me away.\" Standing and looking down at the princess, he sighed, removing his trousers and doing as told.[Chapter 18] He awoke the next morning ashamed, praying it was all a dream, but feeling the warm body in his arms he would be a fool to deny it. Letting go of her he left the bed, quickly heading for the lavatory. Locking the door he turned on the sink, desperate to feel clean after what he just went though. Everything was a mess. He had just had intimacy with a princess, and knowing this woman she may expose his love for Amelie anyway. Slamming his fist into the wall her was at a loss. What to do? What to do? Sighing angrily he took a moment to catch his breath, soon his name being sung from the bedroom. Didier she sang, Where are you? He put on some undergarments and opened the door, stopping right next to the bed, \"You disgust me.\" \"And that's news?\" she made a mischievous face, extremely smug. A tear or two came down his face and she gasped, \"Don't cry! Men who cry are weak! And a man of your 'confidence'\"- he rolled his eyes at this- \"should have no need to cry.\" \"You're horrid.\" He wiped his tears. \"That may be so,\" she stretched across the bed, \"but I'm also cold. Hold me.\" Hesitating for a moment he soon did as told and gently wrapped his arms around her bare body. She moaned happily, \"Your grasp is so warm, Didier,\" she kissed his hand, \"and very firm…\" They remained there, her pleasured to be in his arms and him thinking of all the shameful events that took place. Unmarried and performing sexual acts with the king's daughter for power? He should've been burned at the stake. After a while she turned her body so she was facing him, her hand rubbing his chest, \"Did you like what you saw, monsieur?\" He didn't want to answer that. He was repulsed by the entire situation. Choking back tears he responded bluntly, \"You got what you wanted. Shouldn't that be enough?\" She pursed her lips, \"That's not all I wanted,\" her eyes flickered downward, \"but I was more satisfied than I thought I would...and monsieur, you are a violinist with a full -sized violin.\" She tittered as he stood and walked way from the bed, placing a hand over his mouth and letting the tears come down his face. Shame was all he had. Shameful actions took place the night before. Such vulgarity was before him. And all of it because he fell in love. She had done it. She had made this powerful man feel like nothing but an incompetent whore. She wrapped her arms around his chest from behind, smiling into his back. \"Lost your manhood, have you?\" her hands crept lower, \"Oh! Still there,\" she turned him to face her, \"What a wonderful thing.\" She kissed him, his tears sneaking between their lips making the kiss rather moist. Then he pushed her away, her legs tripping over themselves onto the bed. \"Didier?\" she was shocked, but soon he came up to her, his face enraged and his hand around her neck. He never squeezed his hands, though, \"Say whatever the hell you wish about me,\" he choked his tears, \"but don't say a damn word about Amelie!\" She was afraid at this point, but kept her smug look, \"I've already…gotten what I wanted. Why would I wish to embarrass you?\" \"Because, Votre Altesse ,\" he gritted his teeth, \"you are nothing but selfish, spoiled, good-for-nothing bitch.\" She smiled, still containing her fear very well, \"Your point being?\" He felt defeated, but like her he held back his weakness, \"Ruin my life. Go ahead, but don't do anything to damage Amelie's,\" he swallowed, \"Got it?\" She nodded lightly, his hand roughly leaving her neck. Picking up her clothes he tossed them to her and walked to the bathroom, \"Be gone, Madam. Next time we meet it shall be at the wedding...\" he took a moment to think about this, \"or in Satin's quarters.\" Closing the door to the restroom Helene sighed. She had gotten what she desired from him, but not what she truly wanted. As evil as she seemed, all she wanted was he to walk up to the altar with her, vowing to never leave her side. She never planned on telling anyone about the relationship between her sister and Didier. Besides, is disgusted more than anyone else. All she wanted was a chance to feel close to him. All she wanted was to be with the man she would have killed for. In reality, we're all a lot like that. Smirking slightly a tear streamed down her cheek as she put her clothes on, taking her coat out of the closet, and taking one last pluck on the violin before she left.[Chapter 19] Preparing for his lesson he powdered his face, placed on his wig, his clothes, packed his violin and took the coach over to his master's. Arriving he knocked on the door, Satordi answering it and welcoming in his pupil. \"Good morrow, Didier,\" he brought his student into the music room, \"I presume you concluded your assessment?\" He pulled out a large stack of paper and handed it to Satordi, his master's smile growing. Taking a seat he looked through the pages fascinated with each and note musical choice. He looked up at his pupil, whom was still standing, \"This is an opera,\" Didier nodded, \"and a beauty at that.\" Still in much awe he could never get over the beauty of what Didier had written. Each stroke of his pen was not a random choice. Each note was defined and had a story behind it. He looked at Didier, \"In Italian?\" Didier shrugged, \"Seemed like a nice choice.\" Satordi scratched his chin, \"The story is of an interesting choice. I mean, the music itself is…\" he was at a loss for words, \"but the story? Why this story?\" Didier did not want to answer that, but Satordi was more than a teacher to him. Satordi was a friend. Taking a heavy breath he prepared to explain, \"I was in love, as you know, but…sometimes love has a nasty way of coming back and taking a piece out of you and replacing it with the devil's spawn…\" he made sure he didn't cry, \"Love is a crude device that people will push you against the wall with. Love is a creation that is wonderful while it lasts, but when such joy is over it is Hell itself, dangling delightful bait in front of your very nose…with the nastiest prices.\" He took another deep breath as his eyes began to water, \"I came in contact with this two days ago, thus turning into my assignment. I am too ashamed to admit what I did, but it was the inspiration for this piece. My dear Satordi…I have been a horrid man.\" Coming to his knees he began to sob, the guilty overcoming him like nothing else ever has. Satordi simply watched, soon placing the sheet music down and kneeling down to the young musician's level, taking his face and smacking hard, Didier completely stunned. \"You listen to me, Didier,\" his voice was sterner than Didier had ever heard, \"You are a wonderful and an even better musician. Love is a gift, and yes, at times it can be cruel. Whatever happened two days ago, though, does not define who you are or what you are to become. Don't you let this heartbreak destroy you, Didier. You can move passed it. And I will help you as your teacher,\" he grabbed Didier's hand, \"and as your guide.\" Nodding, Didier never thought he'd see this side of him, and neither did Satordi. He would always be envious of the musician, and he would always want his kind of success, but Satordi came to notice that at this point it wouldn't matter. Even though he'd never admit it, the two men were friends. And that was good enough.[Chapter 20] The day of the wedding came, and Didier was shaking. \"Are you ready?\" a guard asked him. He nodded nervously, exhaling as he rubbed his hands back and forth. Satordi came up and placed a hand on his shoulder, \"Don't fret. It will all turn out well.\" \"Same for you.\" Didier said, trying to give a reassuring smile. A guard gestured for them to follow him into the church. The harpsichord was larger than Satordi ever imagined. White as snow and laces of gold traced the floor around it. The violin was made of the finest wood, the string silver and the neck gold. The two were in heaven. \"Ah, Didier!\" the king walked down the aisle, passing all the empty seat, \"What a pleasure to see you once again!\" Didier bowed, \"The pleasure is mine. Besides, you did invite my master and me to play.\" The king looked and smiled at Satordi, \"Of course, the marvelous Satordi.\" Satordi bowed, \"Merci, merci , monsieur for letting us come play in this fine day.\" \"Well, I want only the best for my daughter's wedding,\" the king smiled, \"and who could be better than Didier and the man who made it all happen?\" A slight zap of guilt zipped through Satordi, but he smiled and bowed once more as the king left. Trying out the violin Didier was more than pleased with the results. \"God sent this to me,\" he sighed, \"I love this!\" Satordi played randomly on the piano, opening his mouth wide with a smile as he felt the keys. \"He sent me this as well,\" Satordi gasped out, \"Thank you!\" The two played some unsystematic duet, which was soon halted by an uptight composer. \"As the guests come in,\" he placed music on their stands, \"you shall be playing this piece. While her Altesse walks down the aisle you shall play the piece underneath it, and after the vows you shall play the one I hand you later on. The reception has completely different music, which you will be given later on. Understood?\" The two nodded, the composer gesturing for the guard to open the doors, leaving Satordi and Didier for a brief moment. Satordi got up from the piano and went to Didier, \"Are you all right?\" \"Marvelous!\" Didier could not get over the violin, \"This is a-\" \"I mean about the wedding!\" he said louder than he intended, \"Are you all right ?\" Didier took a minute. He didn't want to be seen by Amelie or by Helene, but this was another opportunity he could not have passed up. Taking a deep breath he nodded, \"I will be.\" Satordi patted his back, soon rushing back to the harpsichord as the composer queued them to start the welcome music. It was excruciatingly easy. Satordi could not even count the number of times he almost fell asleep and nor could Didier. Nevertheless, they continued to play until they were directed to stop. After about an hour, once everyone had gotten settled in their seats, the bridesmaids arrived: The sisters of Amelie. Nanette waved flirtatiously at Didier, and unexpectedly Helene looked back at him as well. Didier continued to play but look at her, her face saddened, but more beautiful than he had ever seen. The rosy make up really reflected well off the chandelier, and the innocence in her eyes was extremely deceiving. Eventually she made a smug grin and turned back around, somewhat coming to terms with the fact that she could never have him. The composer finally made them stop playing the fool's music and made the two begin the piece for when she walked down the aisle. Satordi began to play the music given to him as Didier joined in, his eyes more on Amelie than the music. She was unrealistically exquisite. Her dress added to her angel presence and her heavenly smile. However, she did not have a smile during the wedding. She spotted Didier, almost stopping as she walked, but her father's arm was in hers, thus she kept going. Reaching the groom the composer cut Satordi and Didier off, Amelie's attention now on her betrothed. He wasn't as handsome as Didier, and not even as handsome as Satordi. I presume his wealth made up for that. The two exchanged vows, Satordi looking mainly at Didier, making sure he wasn't falling apart. Didier kept his attention on the wedding, and once they exchanged vows, their lips pressing and the guests cheering, he looked away; the composer conducted them to the piece he had placed on their stands. Didier looked right at the music, but Satordi played by memory and watched as Amelie and her husband scampered out the door, the forced smile on her lips killing him inside. Before they played for the reception Didier took a nice chug of water, Satordi following him. \"Can you do this?\" Satordi asked, Didier throwing his glass to the ground. \"I don't know, Satordi!\" he called out, \"I don't know.\" There was an intense pause between the two, soon the conductor coming into the room, \"Gentlemen, the reception starts in two and I need you ready! Let's go!\" Gritting his teeth Didier made his way to the violin, Satordi taking his seat at the harpsichord. Before they began Didier took one last glance at Amelie, soon sighing and turning his attention to the music. He had to forget her. And as he played, he didn't even remember her name.[Chapter 21] Satordi had found the perfect woman to sing Didier's opera. \"I cannot believe,\" he had invited her over to his home, \"that you can sing in such a way.\" \"I have my teachers to thank for that.\" She took a seat next to the piano. Satordi sat next to her, handing her the music, \"I think you will be very pleased with what is written.\" She took it willingly, looking over the different pages, amazed by what her eyes were reading. She looked up at him, a smile across her face, \"Mon dieu! And you wrote this, monsieur?\" His smile slowly faded. He did not write the piece he handed her. He did not write any of it. As much as he would have loved to tell her he did… He just couldn't do that to Didier. Regaining his smile he shook his head, \"No, Madam. My pupil wrote it, and I am very proud of him for it.\" She made a flattering smile, \"Then you must be an extraordinary teacher, Satordi.\" And with no control over it, Satordi blushed.[Chapter 22] Didier was very satisfied with the woman Satordi had chosen. He was rather impressed and wished to prepare a concert immediately. Throughout the next three months the show was being molded and prepared for the performance of this young woman's life. \"I can't believe this,\" she gasped, \"This is happening…\" \"You deserve it, Aubreé,\" Satordi told her as they watched the set for the opera be built, \"You are a lovely singer, and a splendid person.\" She grinned, \"A marvelous musician and a charming young man you are, Satordi,\" she smiled, \"You truly are.\" Didier worked hours on end with Aubreé, the two of them overly excited for the month ahead. Not only Didier, but also Satordi, and stylists, set designers, etc. It was all in due time. By four months the opera was set, and the big day had come. \"I'm so nervous.\" She adjusted her dress. \"Aubreé, you are an angel,\" Didier told her, \"A gift sent form heaven.\" \"You are suburb, Madam,\" Satordi kissed her hand, \"No need to fret.\" The coach arrived at the theatre, all three of them making their way to the vast stage. She went with Didier to practice scales. Up and down, side-to-side she sang as Satordi made sure everything was in order. The guard gave notice that the audience was being let inside, Satordi nervously shaking. Aubreé took his hand, \"You're more jumpy than I am.\" He looked over at her, his smile widening as he tried to hide his blush. Didier picked up and tuned his violin, Satordi playing up and down the harpsichord. The rest of the orchestra came in, including the conductor. (Even though Didier composed it, he played along with it.) It was opening night and the house was full, the royal family taking the usual seats. The conductor came out, the orchestra tapping their bows on their stands, the audience clapping. He introduced Aubreé, Didier, and Satordi, the entire audience applauding at their names, especially Didier. The opera began. The notes flew in the air, each and every note tickling the audience. Each and every note played by Satordi was seducing. Each and every note sung by Aubreé was heavenly. Each and every note bowed by Didier was pleasurable. Hours and hours the audience was entranced. The story Didier had composed was grabbing. The tale of such seduction and such ravishing intimacy and emotion was inspiring. Helene knew of where the story was born, and she was flattered. She was pleased that the love of her life had written an opera based off of her. Didier didn't know of her feelings, and he could care less. Amelie, however… It was like falling in love with Didier all over again. The opera concluded, and the audience took a good five seconds to fully realize it was over. They all stood, cheering uncontrollably. They all bowed, the conductor conducting the orchestra went to join them, including the other opera members. The king himself had to make everyone calm down, his guards following him up to the stage. \"I must say,\" he began, \"that this is the best opera I have heard in my lifetime.\" They all applauded, and the king settled them, \"You are a god scent, Didier, and so are Monsieur Satordi and Madam Aubreé,\" she snapped his fingers, \"and I have rewards for each of you.\" A guard handed Aubreé a necklace, the king explaining the gifts, \"This necklace is said to assist your vocals,\" another guard gave Didier a bow, \"This bow is of the finest horse hairs,\" the final guard gave Satordi gloves, \"and these gloves are to help your hands in the ways of the harpsichord. \"You are all gifts from God,\" he clapped, \"We shall treasure you forever.\" Aubreé cried, grabbing the hand of Satordi. Didier caught a rose thrown from the audience, his tears coming down his face. Helene smiled at the crying man before her. Weak men cry, but he was the strongest she had ever seen.[Chapter 23] He didn't expect to get this offer. Coming over to Satordi's he knocked, soon entering and heading right to the music room. \"Satordi,\" he saw his friend playing on the harpsichord, \"you will not believe what has happened.\" Satordi stood, \"What happened?\" Didier sighed nervously, \"Remember the opera?\" Satordi made a face, \"Of course, Didier. How could I forget?\" He handed Satordi the letter, \"Some men from Paris came on the third night and came every night afterward,\" Satordi took the letter, \"They are offering me a job.\" Satordi was speechless. He looked up, \"As a composer?\" \"And as a performer,\" Didier shrugged, \"It pays wonderfully, but I-\" \"Take it,\" Satordi handed the letter back to him. Didier cocked an eyebrow, \"What?\" Satordi grinned, \"Didier, you are young man with a talent that people would kill for. You are a gift sent from God…and you shouldn't spend all of it in Blois. \"Go to Paris, live your life, and be the success you were meant to be,\" he placed his hand on Didier's shoulder, \"Your destiny awaits.\" Crying, Didier pulled Satordi into his grasp, hugging his true friend. Yes, envy seeped into Satordi's veins. Yes, he wished he had been offered this marvelous position. Yes, he would murder to have Didier's success… But something about this young man stopped him. Something about this young man forbad him. Something about this young man changed him. And whatever it was, it made him change as a man. He would always be jealous, but he would not let it get the better of him… And that was different. That is what Didier changed. Satordi had changed Didier as well. Years of being flaunted and adored no one had ever dared to challenge him in his life. No one wanted to see him make a mistake, for if he did, they would be crushed, and he would no longer be god's gift. Satordi showed him, through helping him with music and with Princess Helene… That he is only human. Musicians aren't perfect. But, everyone presumed Didier was… All except Satordi. The hug disbanded, the two smiling at each other. There was a knock on the door and Satordi answered while Didier wiped his eyes, \"Oui?\" The servant came in, \"Monsieur, Madam Aubreé is at the door.\" \"Aubreé?\" Satordi questioned, \"Bring her in!\" The servant nodded and headed out of the music room, Didier taking his letter. \"I am to leave by Monday,\" Didier said, \"I shall see you before then?\" \"Of course.\" Satordi smiled. Didier smiled back and kissed Aubreé's hand as he passed her on his way out. \"Aubreé,\" Satordi closed the door to the music room, \"What a pleasant surprise.\" \"I knew I would be,\" she said, \"I always am.\" He smiled, \"And on what special occasion do I owe this surprise to?\" She smiled. Coming closer to him her eyes reflected flawlessly off the light from the window. Her hand touched his cheek, soon her lips on his cheek, and then they were on his lips. Wrapping his arms gently around her waist the gentlemen had been waiting for this. He had been in love with Aubreé from the moment he saw her. Pulling her closer her hand left his cheek and they simply remained together, their lips pressed. They separated, their noses touching. He was flattered, \"Aubreé…\" Her hand felt the powder on his face, \"You are a wonderful man, Satordi,\" she looked at the clock, \"I must part for my vocal lesson, but I shall see you this evening.\" He was confused, \"This evening?\" She opened the door, stopping to turn back at him and smile, \"That wasn't a question.\" Closing the door behind her, all three of them saw wonderful days ahead.[Chapter 24] Tending to her youngest child it was hard to chase after her six-year-old, already pregnant with seemingly two more. Taking a breather she rested as the maids attended to her children. Heading into the study she sighed, another letter from another woman accusing the king of messing with her. She tossed it over her shoulder. They were most likely all true, and she didn't give it a second thought. She was already miserable in the marriage, thus why care about all the other problems people were desperate to add. Pouring herself a glass of water she was craving some sort of liquor, but it was not ladylike, nor was it healthy. The maid knocked on the door, \"Votre Altesse?\" \"Oui?\" she grunted, holding her baby belly. The maid entered, bowing, \"Your sister wishes to know if this is a good time to visit.\" \"Which?\" she asked, but soon put up one finger, \"Never mind. I do not care for either.\" \"Are you sure, Votre Altesse?\" the maid seemed anxious, \"Your sister is very-\" She put a hand up, \"I do not wish to hear any other explanations. Besides, Alain needs his diaper changed.\" The nurse bowed, closing the door on her way out. The queen twirled the glass around, making sure not to spill any. Completely uninterested she turned her attention to the window. Townsfolk were all getting in their best to go to the newest opera composed by the great Satordi. She dismissed it completely. She couldn't think about them. The day passed by excruciatingly slow, but once it was over she laid back on the bed, her husband not there as usual. Looking up at the ceiling she was completely out of it. She had forgotten what it was like to smile, to have pure joy, and what it was like to be in love. Then, she remembered where all of those aspects started. Don't you dare, she told herself. Don't. You swore it away. She couldn't help herself. Walking into the music room she held the candle and the sheets of music in her arms, heading over to the dusty instrument. Blowing and wiping off all the dust she placed the music on the stand, sitting herself down on the familiar cushion. Feeling the keys lightly underneath her fingers she melted into them, remembering the mistakes she made and how he made her correct them. She smiled. It was as if her skin cracked. Looking up at the music she took a breath, and proceeded to play. It was just a D scale… But it brought such a joy to her eye. Continuing on she didn't even need the music. Suddenly, the G, the A, the F, and all of the scales and arpeggios came back to her like magic. It was beautiful. Then, she recalled the challenging piece. She recalled the piece se fell in love to. She recalled the waltz. Over ten years ago she played such a piece. Did she dare attempt it once again? Pulling out the paper it was still in 4/4, her mind changing it to ¾. She began to attempt it, but nothing really happened. What was the matter? \"If you wish to play a waltz you must understand how people are supposed to dance to one.\" She closed her eyes… She had spun him, her feet moving one each first beat… And the notes were alive. It was suddenly easier than it was a decade ago. It was suddenly born! She was reborn. She remembered her teacher's gentle hands, his flattering clumsiness, her teaching him to dance… And soon the memory faded as another hand slammed their first on the keys. She looked up, her husband's eyes barely open, but his eyebrows arched. \"Do you know what time it is?\" he asked sternly, \"Come to bed.\" She didn't move, \" Now .\" She stood from the harpsichord, rushing to the bedroom. However, before she closed to doors she looked back at the instrument. She looked back at the beginning something that could've been magical. She looked back on love. Smiling for one last time she closed the doors, always remembering her love, the great musician. ","Summary":" His fingers moved swiftly across the neck of the instrument, fascinating the audience, hypnotizing "},{"Movie":"Once","Title":"Twice","Author":"shooting-stetsons","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5394717","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every once in a while, when they were in the sitting room or sitting in a café together, the busker would find that he had to reassure himself that she, Katherine, the one he had chased across the sea to find, was still there. She would feel his eyes on her, look up, and shoot him that dazzling smile that had won his heart when he was twenty-two. Now, all he could think about was that girl he had left behind in Ireland. How, if he were to stare at her for even hours from across the room, she would resiliently continue with whatever had preoccupied her attention. She didn't need dazzling smiles to hold his attention. She needed only her gaping absence in his life. It had been months since she stopped returning his letters.[Chapter 2] The girl sometimes wondered if it would ever stop raining. The only sort of fresh air her family got was from open windows, but now that the storms were rolling in nearly every day, water would pour in from every direction. Ivanka had already caught two colds in only six months; her mother had to spend time in hospital because of how terribly she had gotten the flu. The girl and Miklos, her husband, were the only ones unaffected so far. She walked the streets under an umbrella, still trying to sell flowers and magazines, and found herself stopping in front of the Hoover Repair Shoppe. Dare she enter and face the awkwardness of seeing the busker's father again? She didn't think her heart could take that, along with her husband's renewed indifference. Besides, dwelling on him would only lead to pain nowadays. The busker had stopped sending her letters months ago.[Chapter 3] He brought the CD to a few offices, sat across desks from men and women in crisp suits, and remembered when she was there beside him. She was a hard bargainer, that girl. She was the reason he had even gotten the loan to make the CD, let alone the album itself. He owed her so much that even the piano wasn't enough to sate his want for her to be happy. Happy. Was she happy? Was her husband treating her alright? It was impossible to forget the tremor in her voice as she sang of the metaphorical hill she had been forced to climb only to keep her husband satisfied. He thought of the baby girl, and wondered if little Ivanka was happy with her father. Or if there was any difference at all between him and the Czech man in her young naïve mind. The companies all thought the CD was brilliant, but where was his band? His singing partner? And then he knew just how invaluable the girl was to him.[Chapter 4] After the busker stopped writing, the girl felt as if she was once again trapped, feeling more and more like that song she had written so long ago. There was no questioning that her husband was once again blaming her for their lack of compatibility, even though she was trying her very hardest to make this work. She lay quietly in bed beside him at night, even then feeling as if she were climbing up that steep upward climb of the hill. One night, unable to sleep as always, she got up and started cleaning. It was the only way she could keep herself busy anymore. She did dishes, scrubbed the table, swept the floor, and tidied misplaced items. Picking up a few of Mik's things, she found his drawer in their desk to be locked. For a moment, she considered placing the smelly box of pipe tobacco on top of the desk, at least until she knocked over his mug for spare change and out fell a key. Smiling satisfactorily, she opened the desk drawer, and just barely concealed a horrified gasp at what was inside. At least a month's worth of unopened letters from the busker. Gingerly, as if not really believing her eyes, she pulled out the handful of thick envelopes covered in the busker's untidy scrawl. How could he do this to her? How could Miklos both steal and hide her mail from her? This had been the one thing she had ever had that was only hers and no one else's. She had shared her toys with the neighbors' children and cousins, her music with her father, and her looks with her mother. Those letters had been hers, and they were now contaminated by her husband. She pressed her free hand to her lips, feeling more bitterly angry than she ever had in her life. How dare he? How dare he intrude on this last piece of the busker she had had? And what did the busker think of her now? She could have screamed. She could have ripped open the letters and devoured them all with her eyes before taking Ivanka and her mother and running again. But she didn't. She had to make this work.[Chapter 5] He made it a priority to call his father every Friday evening, to make sure he was getting along alright without him. It had been two years since his mother had died, and four years since his best friend had decided to drown away his unhappiness with heroin. The years had been hard on his father, even if the old man wouldn't admit it. Usually, there wouldn't be much to talk about, but something seemed different after the past week. \"You haven't seen 'er, have you Da?\" he asked, trying to sound nonchalant. His father couldn't be fooled. \"She's been by a time or two, sometimes stops outside, but never comes in.\" At his son's expectant silence, he added, \"She looks alright. A bit tired, but alright.\" George then looked up from the desktop at the sound of the bell over the door tinkling, and felt a grin split his face. \"Well, speak of th'devil! Here she comes!\" The busker felt every muscle in his body scream to attention as his father's muffled voice called out \"How's it? Yer Hoover fucked agin?\" \"Da…\" he sighed with a half-smirk. He leaned forward onto his knees, listening intently to the sound of her voice even though he couldn't hear a word she was saying. \"Tell him yerself,\" he heard his Da say, and suddenly there was a distinguishably softer breath on the other end. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end, as if he were about to speak with a ghost. And maybe it was a ghost. \"Hello?\"[Chapter 6] \"Is it you?\" asked the busker's voice, static and too loud, into her ear. It was like a music she had never heard before. She smiled for what felt like the first time in ages, so widely it hurt. Her palms began to sweat. \"I's really you? \" He laughed softly. Oh, Lord, how long it had been since she had heard his voice. \"Yeah, it's really me.\" Her mouth gaped for a moment, still grinning stupidly, before she stupidly blurted out \"Oh.\" The silence stretched out for a moment before they both laughed nervously, apparently transformed into hormonal teenagers upon skin-contact with the telephone. \"So, how're you? How's your ma, and the baby? And how's your…?\" He trailed off before the word 'husband'. She pretended not to notice. \"We're okay,\" she said, finally forming a proper sentence. \"You have big record deal now?\" He laughed again, and she could almost see him huddled up with his knees bent close to his chest as he sat at a window, looking down at the streets below. \"Not even close. Everyone wants to know where the back-up vocalist is.\" \"You're lying,\" she insisted, though about ten times less sure on the inside. \"I'm not,\" the busker argued, though he didn't sound like he was arguing with her. \"You should come over here, see for yourself. They're crazy for you. We could get a deal; go on tours all over the world!\" He paused, as if for emphasis. \"Come on, come to London.\" She swallowed past the lump in her throat. \"You know why I can't.\" A heavy sigh. \"I know.\" She contemplates the silence for a moment before finally saying: \"I have to go. Ivanka's playing with the vacuum cleaner parts.\" His acceptance hurts even more than her longing to be there with him.[Chapter 7] Speaking to the girl seemed to unsettle something he had kept smothered deep inside of him somewhat. Her voice, muffled with static from across the o č an , had made him inexplicably homesick. He had managed to put a damper on the feeling when speaking to his father or Katherine talk about the old days, but the girl's voice had echoed from his ears all the way down to his chest and made it ache with longing. Even playing the songs he had sung with her was difficult, but only because he was singing alone. Late that night, as he lie awake beside Katherine, he took a risk. He imagined that the woman in the bed with him was smaller and bonier, with olive skin and the hands of a pianist tangled with his fingers, maybe even curled up on her side to rest against his shoulder. He imagined that beside the bed was a white wooden crib with colorful quilts and a tiny dark-haired girl inside. He imagined that the piano in the flat's other room hadn't fallen into disrepair, that the keys' ivory shone and that the strings were back in tune. He imagined that, instead of a clear twelve inches of space between them, he had his arms wrapped securely around his companion. With these images in his mind's eye, there was a rushing, swooping sensation of something akin to anticipation or pining in his gut; when he turned his head to his right and saw the raven-haired, creamy white-skinned girlfriend, however, it felt as if there was an enormous weight settling down onto his chest and he had to get up. Padding softly to the kitchen on bare feet, he reached into his bad, pulled out one of the CDs, and sat down at the table. He listened to it twice, just to hear her voice again.[Chapter 8] As the second winter since the busker left rolled in and hit them full-force, she knew that despite her best efforts, her marriage was going to fail yet again. She felt nothing for Ivanka's father. Absolutely nothing. And she was certain that he felt nothing for her too. The only signs of affection for her he ever showed were grunts of satisfaction at the dinner table and trying with all his might to impregnate her with the son he so desperately craved. She resented the first, only because he had horrible table-manners, but the latter terrified her. Their family was on the verge of destitution as it was; having another child would send them over the edge. After the first call, she made a habit of going to the Hoover Shoppe every week around the time the busker would call, by utter coincidence of course. She made a point, though, of waiting patiently until father and son finished catching up, though they only ever spoke for a few minutes before George would smirk to himself and say \"She's right 'ere,\" before handing the receiver off to her. Out of sheer curiosity (and also slightly teasing), she always started the conversation by asking if he was rich or famous yet. He would laugh then, and tell her that they both could be very soon. Then the initial awkward silence would stretch out. She managed to hide the way her teeth chattered from the cold, and dodged any mention of her husband like a professional. They spoke mostly of Ivanka, and the snow, and his music. She wouldn't allow the conversation to go any deeper. She couldn't bear to tell him that no music, not a single note, had occurred to her for months, ever since her husband had decided that a son was what would save them. She couldn't admit that the only thing keeping her going through their time apart was those few sparse minutes with him on the phone. She donned a cheerful tone of voice and, if she wavered over certain words, would tell him she was feeling tired. Her husband didn't know much English, and so she was starting to get her accent back. It was windy outside, and she was cold. She was coming down with the flu. She couldn't stand acknowledging the fact that she was pregnant again.[Chapter 9] After only a month and a half of talking to the girl weekly, he became glued to the phone. Hearing her sing on the CD again and again was one thing, but hearing her speaking and saying different things was on a completely other astral plane. He would walk around the empty flat, phone in hand, as if waiting for a call she wasn't even capable of making. Couldn't they afford a telephone by now? But, if they had one now, why didn't she call? And why was he obsessing over it so? All he had done was imagine that— The phone rang. He snatched up the receiver eagerly and was almost disappointed when his father's voice spoke to him. He sighed quietly to himself. \"'Lo, Da.\" \"You answered awful quick,\" said his father. He rolled his eyes, but stopped himself before omitting a response. He couldn't help noticing that things didn't sound quite right on the other end. The reception, for one, was much clearer. Besides that, there was just too much noise; people talking, people walking, the occasional beep or click, or another phone ringing off in the distance. \"Where the hell are you?\" he asked. His father was the sort of person not to leave the house unless he needed food, and only when it was absolutely vital for survival during the winter. Sure enough, the old man let out a sigh rather like that of his son's. \"Son, I'm in an 'ospital.\" Still remembering how swiftly and silently illness had crept upon his mother, he went cold as ice. \"What happened? You alright?\" he demanded, forgetting all about the outside world and records and Czech girls. \"I'm fine, I'm fine,\" assured his father hastily, before becoming sober again. \"It's not me, son; it's yer gerl, the one with the baby.\"[Chapter 10] The girl had stood, precariously perched at the top of the icy steps to her apartment building, for a long time, contemplating if the extreme pain would be entirely worth it. There was a chance that it might not even work in her favor. A high, biting wind ripped through her, and she pulled her coat tighter around herself. The stairs were high enough, for sure, but impact was everything. She felt suddenly and horrendously ill, and had to clench her jaw shut. How could she even be considering such a thing as this? Ivanka's bubbly laugh echoed down the stairs, forcibly reminding her of all the joy the child had brought to her life, and she wavered. She had to do it. If she changed her mind and another tiny laugh joined Ivanka's, it wouldn't last long. Their budget was stretched to its limits and rent was due and if it's another girl… . She fought another wave of terrified nausea and tightened her hand on the rail till her already-white knuckles turned blue. What would her mother think of her if she knew? Her husband? What would the busker think? This question, of course, brought the strongest wrench of all. Her legs began to tremble, as she had been standing in a very particular way to keep from slipping until she had control on the situation. Why did his opinion of her matter so much? He didn't even have to find out, if all went well. And yet she could still foresee that, between herself and the busker, there could be no secrets no matter how hard they tried to keep them. Her husband's voice, clear and strong, travelled down the inner stairs and reached her. She turned away from the sound, because she knew why the busker's opinions meant so very much to her, and her husband's so little. It wasn't that she couldn't be with him. It was that she could be with him. She could call him from his father's shop and wait for him to once again ask to join him in London, and she could accept. She could pack up herself and Ivanka and get on a plane with the rainy-day money she had been saving. She could find a place for herself and her mother to live. She could get a record-deal with those people the busker kept talking about. They could tour all over the world. She could make enough money to legally end her marriage. She could love the busker. But something told her that she would never do those things. She was too scared. She could only wish for things to change. Just like she wouldn't force a miscarriage. She heard footsteps, and she— \" Mami! \" cried Ivanka. The little girl was running full-tilt down the inner stairs, unaware that she could fall on the ice and get hurt. She spun around to warn Ivanka and her mother, and felt that horrible, lurching, spinning, slipping, falling, heard Ivanka scream and felt inexplicable pain. She got her wish.[Chapter 11] After the initial shock had worn off he managed to track down the number to the phone in the girl's hospital room, but a nurse answered when he called and said the girl was asleep. He couldn't help asking after her condition and what, exactly, had happened. The nurse was only allowed to reveal that she had slipped in ice and hit her head on a concrete step as she fell, but was expected to be fine. The busker thanked the nurse, hung up, and called his father back. George supported the nurse's story, but added that when he had heard and went to see the girl the day before, they had given her morphine for the pain in her head only to find out that she had been pregnant when she had a bad reaction and the baby was lost. He didn't know how to feel about that. He tried calling her room again a few hours later, and she was awake, though she sounded dreadful. Her words were slurred and in the haze of medicine she was unable to keep her grips on English, frequently slipping back and forth between English and Czech. He did, however, manage to make out that she was feeling better. She had had to get stitches, and there was a big purple lump on her forehead. Ivanka and her mother had been by to visit earlier as well, and the doctor said she could go home in a few more days. He didn't ask her about the pregnancy, only because he wasn't even sure the girl had known about it to begin with. When he had to say goodbye, she whispered \" Miluĵu tebe ,\" and sighed sadly before hanging up.[Chapter 12] The girl's mother surprised her when she got home from the hospital with an old used telephone sitting on the kitchen table. She had stopped in her tracks and eyed the older woman, wondering how she had even known about her weekly conversations with the busker. But after the realization of the fact that she could call him on her own, whenever she pleased, overtook all rational thought and she decided to test it out with a call to her friend. She moved into the bedroom when her husband came home, locking the door behind her. Ivanka was sitting in her crib, having learned how to climb in and out fairly quickly once she turned two, and began to giggle gleefully when her mother came in. \"'Lo?\" \"I's me.\" \"Eh? I thought you were goin' home today.\" \"I am at home.\" The busker's joy at her having a way to speak to him without needing to walk so far was nearly as great as hers had been. She lie flat on the bed, staring up at the ceiling and said nothing as he told her about his day, and how he had gone to yet another office that wouldn't sign him. She held her breath and waited for him to, as he inevitably would, say \"Come on, come to London. Get a record deal wit' me.\" It never came.[Chapter 13] The busker lay on the wooden floor, staring at the ceiling and talking to the girl. They hadn't skipped a day to call one another since she had gotten a telephone, and he could tell that she always made sure to be alone before calling him. Occasionally, Ivanka would be with her, but most of the time he would hear nothing but the sound of bedsprings creaking. After two weeks, the girl had grown very serious, asked if she could tell him a secret, and just as she was about to say something he sensed would change the courses of both of their lives, she wavered and instead settled on \"I'm hungry.\" He had pretended to find it incredibly funny, and it became something of a joke between them after that. One Sunday—rainy in London and snowy in Dublin—in late January, he was curled around the radiator, certain that the girl was as well, and trying to find a way to go out busking without getting wet. They had been talking and laughing together for nearly an hour when suddenly she went so silent he could hear Ivanka whining to be released from her nap early. \"I can tell you secret?\" she whispered, the 's' making an unpleasant scratching noise. \"Of course ye can.\" She pulled in a slow breath, and for a moment he feared she would change her mind again. But then she spat out \"I-…I t'ink about London every day,\" as if it were a curse word, and with the strain of someone close to tears. He didn't know what to say to her that could fix whatever she was feeling. And which of two evils were he to choose? Coerce her into coming to London, convince her to leave her husband for him, or be a good friend and make her feel better? When he didn't answer her, she added \"What do I do?\" He hesitated for only a moment before finally choosing neither. \"Yer…yer husband. He is treating ye okay, isn't he?\" As she opened her mouth to reply, she instead seemed to freeze. \"One minute,\" she said quickly, and put the phone on the nearest surface. He heard someone else come in, a voice he didn't recognize. \"You were on telephone,\" said the man who could only be her husband Miklos. It was not a question. \" Ano .\" Apparently that meant \"yes\". \"It was your Irishman.\" Her Irishman? Exactly how well-known was he in that house? \" A-…ano .\" The husband seemed to contemplate this for a while. Then: \"You will not speak to him again.\" Suddenly the girl was shouting, screaming in Czech, stomping her feet and slamming a fist down onto the radiator and howling when it burnt her hand. Her husband shouted right back. The busker didn't know he had started shouting into the phone for them to stop until his voice broke, and on the other end there was a sudden loud 'bang' and then silence. \" Milueś ho ?\" asked the husband in a low voice. He could hear the girl weeping, but at the question she went eerily silent. Of course she remembered that day by the seaside, when he had asked her the exact same question, only this time she was being asked if it was him she loved, and not her husband. \"What?!\" \"You hear me. Milue ś ho ?\" He could still see her in his mind's eye from that day. How he has asked her that question and she had turned to him, eyes alight, lips curved into a smile, and had said— \"A-ano! Ano! YES! \" Then he knew what \" Miluĵu tebe \" meant.[Chapter 14] After Miklos had left the room out of sheer disgust the girl sat alone, nursing her burnt hand and likely-bruised rib. She had completely forgotten about the busker until his voice was coming from the phone, able to hear it from nearly five feet away. He was shouting, having obviously heard the sound of her body hitting the wall after Mik had shoved her in a burst of anger. \" Hey! Hey, are ye still there?! \" he was yelling, and finally she picked it up. She wasn't even aware of the tears rolling from her eyes until the earpiece felt wet when she held it to her ear. \"I'm here,\" she choked out between small sobs that made her whole body tremble. \"Did he hit you?! I said, did he fucking hit you?! \" \"No,\" she lied immediately, fighting a wince as she moved the wrong way. The busker's voice was hoarse, as if he had been shouting as much as her. He was breathing heavily, obviously terrified of what he couldn't see for himself. \"You…you need to get out of there. Bring Ivanka, bring your ma, I don't care; just get the fuck over here.\" \"But…\" she stammered, not expecting this to happen even as she dared to hope for it. \"But…your gerl…the one you write the song for…\" \"Are you kidding?! She's long gone!\" the busker snapped at her. \"I left her two fucking days after we spoke on the phone for the first time!\" In the face of his displaced anger, almost as a reflex, she flung her hand out and landed the phone onto the base with a bang, hanging up on him. For a moment she froze, appalled with herself, and then stepped away. You can't just go to London, she told herself as she fetched Ivanka from her crib, now crying from all the noise. We haven't enough money. Though, if her mother had saved enough for a telephone, how much had she kept tucked away besides that? But we need that money here. She had been doing well at work cleaning, and the lady who owned the house had been offering her a week's paid vacation. What are you to do when you get there? Hanky-panky with the busker? Play music with him. Secure him a record deal where he could have any backup vocalist he wanted. Maybe hanky-panky. Call him back. She couldn't. They were both angry or tired or scared, and calling would do no good for at least another few days. In the meantime, she tended to her hand and spoke to her mother about the possibility of her getting away for a while.[Chapter 15] The line went dead while he was speaking to the girl, and he panicked. She had hung up on him. Carried away by his want to scream with adrenaline and want to throttle the girl's husband, he let out a yell and yanked the phone cord right out of the wall. The cord snapped, and he swore loudly before tossing the now-useless machine across the room. How much trouble had he caused her? Sure, she had said that her husband hadn't done anything to her, but he didn't believe it for a second. Resigned and unhappy, he picked up his guitar case and pulled on a coat to brave the rain. If he was going to make things up to girl, he would need to make quite a bit this week and fix the phone.[Chapter 16] Her mother and boss had both agreed with her request, and within days the girl had a bag packed and a two-way plane ticket for London. The only reason she had omitted the information of her departure from her husband was because he had begun working until the most ungodly hours of the night in order to avoid looking at or speaking to her. Her only concern left was leaving Ivanka behind, and her mother had already insisted that everything would be fine. All that was left was to get in the air and go. And so she did. Landing in London was much less terrifying than it had been when landing in Dublin. In Dublin, she hadn't known anyone or had anywhere to go. In London, she had a purpose. She found him playing music on a street corner. He didn't see her. When he finished, like before, she clapped.[Chapter 17] He could hear clapping, echoing in his mind like light at the end of the tunnel. It couldn't be more different from the night they had first met – the sun was shining and there were people all around – and yet he knew once again that things were about to change. He looked up, and it was unmistakably her, even if she did look strange in a pair of jeans below her coat. She waited until it was safe and trotted across the street to his side, looking rather nervous. \"I…I come to London,\" she said in that same lost, uncertain voice as when he had tried to avoid fixing her Hoover. Without thinking he hugged her; they had never really embraced, and it felt better than he had even imagined. He then saw the canvas bag hanging from her hand and nearly laughed. \"Did you just get here?\" he asked. \"Half hour,\" she nodded, beaming. He grinned and packed up even though he had only been out for about twenty minutes. All he really knew to say was \"…Cool.\" She followed him down the street as blindly as she had with her Hoover, and so he took her to a café, just as he had that first day too. As she ate and he watched people pass by, instead of asking her about her interest in music, which he already knew, he instead casually stated: \"I have a piano. At my place. It's old, and out of tune, but it works.\" The girl's spoon clattered loudly into the bowl and she stared almost blankly out the window, avoiding his eyes. He felt more than saw her tensed nerves, along with bone-deep weariness, and felt a strange sort of trepidation towards her reaction. \"Been writing much?\" She looked down at the hands that became tangled in her lap, stubbornly refusing to look up at him. \"No,\" she finally admitted with a shake of her head. \"I practice a lot, after you come here, but can't come up wit' anyt'ing after that. Nothing.\" She went quiet and pensive for a long moment, and for a moment the busker thought of when she had told him of her father, who had committed suicide when he could no longer play the violin. What would happen if the girl lost her muse? He thought she might be wondering the same thing. In a small attempt to veer her mind away from these things, he gently shook her arm and took her back to his flat so she could rest. The crowds were thick with besotted Valentine's Day shoppers, and she reached for his hand like a toddler to keep from getting separated from him. He glanced over his shoulder at her and smiled. Tables turned when they got back to his flat. Almost immediately upon entering, the girl drifted like a ghost to the piano. Un-tuned and jarring, the first shaky, tentative notes of a new song began to evolve from her slender fingertips. The busker felt as if he was being a bother, an intrusion on a most intimate of moments, but he couldn't bring himself to stop watching her. After a few minutes (which was really more like 20), he pulled his guitar out of the case and began to play along with her. They sat there together for over two hours that felt like only a heartbeat or a slow breath, building their music without words, until that was all they needed. He looked at her when true silence fell over them, the last notes fading away with a light vibration, but she didn't seem able to come up with the right words. Instead, her thin hands closed the lid over the keys, and when she turned to look at him the bright late-afternoon sun shone right through her in a beaming sort of halo. \"I…\" she trailed off before she had even begun, and when her small lips parted he leaned in and kissed her. It was soft, brief, no more than what one would consider a peck, but to him and her it was better than sex. As the gap between them widened again and they blinked slowly (not having had enough time to actually close their eyes), it was as if a bubble filled with some estranged emotion grew between them as well. It was a feeling much greater than themselves, greater than anything they had ever felt, greater than God. It was even greater than music, and neither of them could vocalize what it was. She leaned over against his shoulder, hiding her face from the world, and he put a hand on her shoulder to feel her warmth. \"Don't go to a hostel tonight,\" he quietly said. \"Stay here.\" It was not a question, and he felt himself tense with fear that she'd get angry with him, like the last time he had asked her to stay the night with him. Her head did duck down further, but when she looked up at him, there was no anger or trepidation there. \"Okay.\"[Chapter 18] He awoke— fully clothed; he might have been in love with her, but he wasn't about to knock a married woman without her permission—before the girl, and for a while propped himself up on one elbow to watch her sleep. She was sprawled out on her stomach, hugging a pillow against the side of her likely-creased face, lips lightly parted. Wearing his rumbled spare pajamas. Hair tousled. Eyelids fluttering with a dream. Gods, how he loved her. He pushed the hair back from her eyes and then finally tore himself away with a feather-light kiss to her forehead. Stepping into the shower, he began to hum the song they had written under his breath, trying to put some sort of words to the tune. All he could think about was the night before, and how she had disappeared into the bathroom and come out wearing his old Clancy Brothers t-shirt and threadbare sweatpants he had lent her. Large, even on him, they swallowed her like the sea. They had lain in the bed that he had once shared with another woman, but after a long while he could feel the girl shivering slightly. He forgot how cold it could get at night and pulled her into his arms. Her ribs and spine dug into his chest through their thin shirts, but it only made him hold her tighter. They had rolled apart after falling asleep, but it did not quell the feeling of distinct fullness in his chest. It had felt right. More than right. Without realizing it, he had found the words to their song. \" Maybe I was born to hold you in these arms …\" She woke up about an hour after he had, shuffling out of the bedroom with about eleven cowlicks in her hair. She slumped across from him at the tiny table and rubbed her eyes. \"What time is it?\" \"Eight or nine, I think.\" Her eyes widened and her hand dropped from her face. \"Bullshit!\" she nearly laughed. \"I never sleep d'is late.\" The busker smiled and got up to pour her a cup of tea from the kettle on the stove. \"You must've been tired,\" he shrugged as he resumed his seat. Silence fell without warning; he had a feeling that – judging by the look on her face – the girl was considering the figurative meaning of his suggestion, rather than the literal. \"I was tired.\" A shadow passed over her face. \" Am tired.\" Suddenly her lips and eyes tightened up as she fought with something greater than herself. \" So tired …\" The busker made a move as if to get up and comfort her, but she shook her head. This was something she had to get past on her own. She pressed her hands against her stinging eyes, hiding in the comforting darkness. Pulling herself together and swallowing tears, she raised her head and forced a smile. \"I'm fine. Really.\" He, in an attempt to detour her thoughts, intervened with \"How's Ivanka? And your ma?\" Just the mere mention of her daughter made her whole face light up with love. They talked a while about the baby (who was not such a baby anymore; she would be starting Sunday School the coming autumn), and then they talked about her mother too. Both Ivanka and her grandmother's English was improving vastly, though Czech was still the dominant language in their home. \"My mudder and I sometimes practice duets on piano,\" she told him as if it were a coy secret over their third mugs of tea. \"And sometimes, Ivanka comes over and starts banging on the piano keys, yelling 'la la la la la!' right on key wit' us!\" She laughed, but he was shocked a girl as small as Ivanka was able to detect the key of a song with her voice, let alone on the complicated keys of a piano. \"I really wish my Dad could see her, you know?\" He bit his lip. He had never been good about sensitive topics like death; not to mention she had only spoken of her father once before, and he didn't know how sore the wound still was. He raised his eyebrows slightly, asking her with his eyes, and she nodded and smiled a bit to show it had been long enough for her to be past it. \"So…when did he…?\" She closed her bony hands around her mug as if leeching it for warmth, brow wrinkled with thought and conflicted emotions. \"Six or seven years ago, when I am 14. He was in some sort of accident, and his hands…\" She shook her head and, when she thought the busker wasn't looking, touched the little golden cross hanging from her neck. Then she shook her head dazedly, and the busker covered one of her small hands with his. \"He hung himself, in his study where he practiced, wit' a tape of his favorite violinist playing.\" \"Jesus,\" he murmured softly, shaking his head like a dog. To kill yourself in a place where your daughter might come home and find you…it made him feel sick. Only a moment after that thought occurred to him, however, another one did. She was 14 only six years ago?! \"You're only 20?\" \"You t'ink I'm older?\" she asked with a hint of a mischievous smile on her lips that made him want to kiss her again. Instead he turned red and started stammering to cover up and she laughed. \"I'm joking. I actually turn 20 next week.\" \"So…when you had Ivanka…?\" \"I was seventeen when I became pregnant.\" A blush now covered her cheeks, the stain of shame that would last forever. \"After my Dad died, I…I went a bit wild, I guess.\" He shrugged, trying not to feel a bit like a lech. \"What's passed is past, right?\" She nodded but did not smile again, ran a hand through her hair, then grimaced. He grinned. \"You can use the shower if you want.\" She nodded again, rinsed out her mug, then scurried into the bathroom. She locked the door behind her, and kept her back to the mirror as she undressed. Only when every stitch of her (and the busker's) clothes were on the floor did she turn and take a good long look at herself. This was how she had felt out there: naked, exposed. The busker now knew nearly everything about her, and for what? He still might as well be a stranger to her for all she knew. Why didn't he ever talk about his own mother? Where had his musical talent come from? And just how old was he, to be so shocked by her age? There was a gentle rap on the door. \"You alright in there?\" She reached over and hurriedly turned on the water. \"Fine!\" She showered and dressed quickly, her mind still wrapped up in the busker with confusion. And, as she stepped into the main room, another sort of unexpected ache filled her. She hadn't even been gone a full day, and she missed Ivanka so much she could cry. But instead, seeing what the busker had been doing, she laughed. Apparently, the step up to where the piano sat had not been part of the floor. The busker had folded up the rolling platform into a sort of box, so the piano wouldn't roll off, but could be towed around with ease. The piano-box had been decorated with a cardboard sign – \"The Traveling Show,\" – and a paper cup with \"Thanks!\" taped to the top. Together they managed to roll the piano out the door into the elevator, and then out onto the pavement. They stopped at a busy street corner, set the breaks on the platform, and started playing all of the songs that fell out of them as if no time had passed since the last time they had played together. A stack of copies of the CDs they'd made sat in his guitar case, with a sign saying \"10£; free if you're a talent agent.\" By the time they had finished all the songs they knew, and moved to other corners and done it again, it was dark again, and they wanted nothing more than to collapse into sleep. They dragged the piano back to its place in the main room, changed into what passed for pajamas, and then fell into the bed without a word. The busker was asleep almost instantly; the girl was not so lucky. She lay still on her side, watching him and thinking about her husband. The way she felt for the busker made her feel as though she was committing something much, much worse than adultery.[Chapter 19] He awoke, arose, and found the girl already up and sitting at the piano. She was silent, with her hands resting on the keys but not moving. Tears were silently rolling from her eyes. He pretended not to see when he moved across the room to the bathroom, and by the time he came back out she had composed herself and was playing their new song softly. \"I was t'inking,\" she said, \"today; we go find you record deal.\" He nodded, and they dressed in silence. The streets of London were even busier today than the day before. It wasn't until the busker looked in a window that he realized it was Valentine's Day, and the streets were lined with young lovers on dates or lonely people trying to keep their mind off of the day. He looked over at the girl and smiled to himself, thinking it was some sort of sign that the girl had come to be with him on this day, rather than her husband. \"So, where to first?\" she asked in a businesslike tone, pulling her hair back and tying it at the top of her head. The busker pointed a ways down the street, to the first place he had gone for a record deal when he arrived in London, a large building with the image of a fist emblazoned with the word DEFY above the door; the girl laced her hand through his and started the way there. At the busker's questioning smile, she shrugged modestly and simply said: \"Sex sells,\" before leading the way through the glass front doors. \"Who did you see last time?\" \"Kirsty Montgomery.\" \"Okay.\" The girl strode directly to the reception desk with him in tow and smiled at the young lady there. \"Hello, Kirsty Montgomery please.\" \"Do you have an appointment?\" asked the receptionist between phone calls. Her eyes didn't even leave her computer screen. Before the girl could answer she had already picked up the phone again. She looked at the busker, blushing and biting her lip. \"Yes; we'll just go right up. T'anks.\" She pulled on his hand until he followed her, whispering that they needed an appointment to go up. \"Oh, come on, we're doing her a favor by letting ourselves in.\" \"She could be with someone!\" \"Then we'll wait! What floor is she on?\" \"No, we can't!\" \"Why not?\" she whispered conspiratorially, pulling him into the elevator. \"Where's your sense of adventure?\" Perhaps it was their closeness, or the mischievous spark in the girl's eyes that should have always been there, or the fact that the record label's elevator music was all by signed clients, but the busker wanted to kiss her again. To resist the urge, he punched the 3rd floor button and the doors closed just before a scruffy young man could get on. The third floor of the building was in far better shape than the lobby, and much less hectic. There was a main waiting area in the center, and all along the walls were offices with glass doors. \"There's her office, and no one's in there! Come on!\" Still tugging at his hand like a child might, the girl strode to the door and knocked loudly. Kirsty Montgomery was a stout young woman, with cropped blonde hair and wire-rimmed glasses, and when the girl knocked she looked up with surprise. Her eyes flickered over the girl like a dirty newspaper on the side of the road, but when she saw the busker she smiled knowingly and gestured for them to come in. \"You're lucky I had an open slot around now,\" she muttered with a warmer expression than she let on. \"Welcome back.\" \"'Lo, Kirsty,\" greeted the busker, shaking her hand. \"This,\" he added, gesturing with the hand that was being held in the girl's, \"is my…uh…\" Was there even a word for what she was to him? \"His wife,\" the girl intervened seamlessly; slipping her hand from the busker's to shake Kirsty's. \"And his back-up vocalist.\" Kirsty's eyebrows disappeared into her short hair. \"You're married now? Last I heard, you were whinging over some girl you left back in—\" \"Yeah I know,\" the busker cut her off awkwardly, wrapping an arm around the girl's waist. \"A lot of things have changed since then.\" \"Indeed they are,\" agreed Kirsty, sitting down behind her desk and gesturing for them to sit as well. \"We lost Swosinski to some American label, Columbus or something like that. To be honest, you were one of the first people I thought of.\" \"Really?\" the busker asked, leaning forward interestedly. Kirsty leaned back in her leather chair, clearly pleased with how ardently she held the young man's attention. She smiled widely; her teeth were small and sharp-looking. \"Yes, though you're still facing the obvious issues you had before. You still need a band to become one, you know.\" \"And I've got one now,\" he answered testily, tapping his knee nervously with his fingers. The girl reached over compulsively and took his hand to calm him down. \"I've got me, uh, wife , her piano, and my guitar. That's band enough for me.\" \"But it's not band enough for the industry ,\" insisted Montgomery as if she had expressed this particular point to the stubborn man a thousand times. Within moments they were in a lively debate over the ethics of the music industry and whether or not it was more important to have a kicking band or honest intentions. The girl sat back and watched for fifteen minutes, slowly realizing that the busker would have been signed by now if he hadn't been so liable to become passionate about his music and end up being escorted off of the premises. He didn't even seem to realize that his hand was still enclosed in hers. Alarms suddenly went off in her head when the busker's tone steadily rose and then changed dramatically. \" Well, your goddamned industry can kiss me f —!\" \"Hey,\" she murmured, giving his hand a squeeze, and he stammered to an instant halt. His face was flushed and eyes wide, and she very nearly laughed at how indignant he looked by the whole process. \"We could always give the boys in the Lizzie band, from the demo, a call.\" Kirsty gestured appraisingly at the girl. \"You see? Even your wife agrees—\" \"—that a band is only as important as the audience makes it,\" interrupted the girl without the slightest sign of hesitation. \"If my husband has to have a band to be signed, we may as well go with a kicking band of some of Dublin's finest gentlemen.\" This time it was the busker's turn to gesture proudly to his \"wife\". Montgomery regarded them both sternly over her glasses for a few uncomfortable moments, and then finally removed them. There were bags under her eyes. \"Let's take this one step at a time,\" she started wearily. \"You both are ready and willing to sacrifice nights, weekends, and most major holidays to be a part of this record label? You'd be willing to tour across the United Kingdom? Europe? The whole world, should God's mercy shine upon you?\" The busker gave a low whistle, grinning from ear to ear and nodding already. The girl, however, was biting her lip. She scooted forward until she was sitting on the very edge of her seat, her hands folded under her chin. \"I'm afraid I have a conflict with touring, at least for a few years.\" Montgomery's eyebrows rose again, and she leaned forward to rest her elbows on her desktop. The girl's cheeks flushed slightly as if she were about to tell a marvelous lie. \"Well, I'm more than willing to be on an album, but…there are a lot of t'ings going on right now, and soon I won't be able to travel…\" From the thick winter coat that could hide anything, she put a hand over her abdomen and smiled sheepishly. The busker felt as if he had been slapped by her genius. Montgomery's eyebrows vanished again. \"Congratulations,\" she said with a large, rather fake, smile. \"I'm sure we'll be able to work things out with all that. And—now I'm not making any promises—if Swosinski doesn't come back by the end of the month, you may be expecting a call from us.\" The busker was stunned speechless. It was as if an enormous flashing banner had risen up from the floor behind Montgomery, saying \"YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE IT IN THE WORLD.\" All he could do was sit there and grin with his fist pressed against his lips. He wanted to jump, click his heels, whoop with joy, and cry all at once. He wanted to kiss the girl beside him until his lips fell off, and nothing definite had even happened yet. \"W-wow,\" he stammered after a good solid minute of shocked silence. He looked at the girl; she was smiling in a much more reserved way, but there was abounding joy in her eyes. He turned back to Montgomery to see that she actually looked happy for them. \"T'anks. T'anks so much. Jesus!\" He laughed out loud and pushed himself to his feet, pulling the girl up with him. Montgomery stood up and walked to the door, opening it up for them. \"Good luck to you both,\" she said cheerfully, shaking both of their hands as they left the office. On his other side as they passed, the girl whispered, \"Catch me.\" The busker gave her an odd look, but otherwise made no sign of her having spoken. He thanked Kirsty about ten more times before she finally closed the door. He could practically hear the girl counting to three in her head before she leaped into his arms and he caught her as if they had rehearsed it for weeks, swinging her gently back and forth. He could see Kirsty watching from her office, and knew it was all for show, to add a touching human element to their case. He finally released the girl after a moment or two and kissed her full on the lips. \"Bloody hell, you're fucking brilliant!\" he praised. \"Fuck! You're so fucking amazing! I love you!\" Instantly, the busker knew he had crossed some invisible line. The girl was still smiling, but only just, her eyes a maelstrom of happiness and guilt. He felt his face go red and his heart wrench. \"I… Jesus , I didn't mean…\" She opened her mouth but didn't speak, eyes becoming misty. \"Let's go,\" she finally forced out shakily, moving briskly past him toward the elevator. They couldn't speak in privacy because of other people there, but from across the crowded box he could see tears slipping, silent and unwanted, down the girl's cheeks. When she felt his eyes on her she swiped almost angrily at her cheeks and forced herself to stare straight ahead. The moment the doors opened she was gone, walking as briskly as she could outside to the pavement, the busker following her at a jog. \"Hey! Hey, hold on!\" he shouted down the street; she was short but could walk awfully fast. By the time he reached her she had composed herself to a stony silence. \"I'm not going to apologize for telling you I love you. It would be stupid and wrong and I wouldn't like it at all, okay? I love you, and I'm not sorry.\" Her jaw set and eyes blazing, her tiny hands reached up and gave him a shove; he was nearly propelled into the building behind him. \"You think I'm angry for that?\" she asked in a dangerously quiet voice. \"I'm angry because it would be wonderful to tell you I-I…love you, that I think of you every day we're apart, and that I never really wrote a song before I met you. I tried, but I could never finish one until you came along.\" She bit down on her lip and closed her eyes as if praying for something bigger than herself. \"But…I'm married, and I can't tell you that, so I…I won't .\" The busker looked away from her respectfully while she pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes to make herself stop crying for the third time that day. She couldn't do it, and so she just stood there on the corner of the street crying into the heels of her hands. After a few minutes the busker seemed to realize the same thing, and wrapped an arm around her shoulders to walk her back to his flat. \"I'll make some tea,\" he muttered as she sat down on the couch, head buried in her hands and hair swinging freely around her face. He brought her back a chipped old mug and when she finally raised her head the tears had stopped, but her skin was red and blotchy. \" Díky ,\" she whispered in a broken voice. The busker simply sat down beside her, trying to find some way to comfort her when simply being around him seemed to cause her pain. She clutched at the cup with both hands as if leeching its warmth away. \"I'm sorry too,\" she admitted. \"This can't be easy for you, but….\" She shook her head and took a sip of tea. \"I can't leave them again, my mudder and Ivanka.\" The busker looked over at her, unable to help himself. \"What do you mean 'again'?\" he asked. She hesitated, her head bowed low over her cup of tea. \"I told you, when I left Czech Republic for Dublin, I come on my own,\" she said shakily, her accent becoming stronger with stress. \"I…I left all of them behind. My husband. My mudder. Ivanka . I was eighteen; I was scared and I left everything for Ireland. It was the worst thing I had ever done in my life and I can't do it again.\" \"Jesus, no one's asking you to leave!\" the busker said, flabbergasted. \"I would never ask you to do that.\" \"I know,\" she insisted. \"I know you wouldn't. I just…let's write some music or something.\" With that, she got up from the couch and dropped herself at the piano bench, instantly attacking the keys with a fire he had never seen in her before. He wasn't even sure it was a real song, but picked up his guitar and jammed with her anyway. After a few minutes of abusing the ivory, the girl slammed down on a discord, seemed to realize that her troubles were not the fault of the instrument, and went a bit easier. Within a half an hour, they had developed the basic structure of another song and words were already swimming in the busker's mind. \"Just before the rain came down,\" he murmured experimentally; the girl looked over at him, \"I…I made it to you at last…\" He looked to her expectantly for the next lyric. \"Er…as for all assumptions made and questions we never asked…\" She shrugged and smiled a bit awkwardly at him, looking for approval and he nodded. \"Okay switch right… here – Okay, we're not where we ever thought we'd be by now.\" \"But maybe it's a question of how much we really want.\" Unable to come up with more words, they went through this cycle a few more times before the busker switched them over to a bridge, even though words still didn't come. They exchanged an odd look, trying to figure out who was going to end it. \"Have you had enough?\" he sang to the girl, going along with a grin. She smiled and shook her head. \"Have you had enough?\" she sang back a bit higher. He laughed. \"There's plenty more where that came from now.\" She raised her eyebrows jauntily, let the piano lift to a crescendo, and then with an exchanged glance they both cut off their instruments and opened their mouths. \"I know, I'm not what I promised you I would become.\" The girl plucked three keys with her slender fingers, and then closed on a chord. \"Okay, we're not what I promised you we would be—\" The busker stopped abruptly. \"Wait, shouldn't those words change? It doesn't rhyme,\" he said, and for some reason they both laughed. \"It's already dark out,\" the girl commented, looking out at the street below and scooting over into the window-seat. The busker sat down with her, sitting close enough for their shoulders to touch. He merely hummed in agreement. \"You wanna go out to a pub or something? Get something to eat?\" \"No, let's stay in. I don't want to share you tonight.\" As she said it, her head sunk down onto his shoulder and she closed her eyes. He leaned into her, breathing her in and wrapping an arm around her shoulders. \"'Kay,\" he murmured, dropping a forcefully-chaste kiss to the top of her head. The feel of her in his arms, with the lights of the city on her weary young face, was extraordinary even in its simplicity. \"I love you, y'know.\" She sighed quietly and opened her large shining eyes, but scooted closer until she was practically sheltered under his arm. She bit her lip, fighting against herself and seeming to give up. \"Oh, fuck it. I love you too.\" His heart stopped in his chest for just a moment, and he hugged her tighter before getting up to make food. That night, as a precautionary measure, the girl slept on the couch.[Chapter 20] \"So, what happens next?\" asked the busker over breakfast the next morning. The girl yawned and put the kettle on, but didn't answer, waiting for him to figure it out. \"Do I just wait for Kirsty's call?\" \" Psh , no,\" the girl scoffed sleepily as she stretched; the night on the couch hadn't agreed with her now-sore neck. \"You start calling other labels to generate interest.\" \"How do I do that?\" The girl sighed and looked at him despairingly, as if he were a lost cause. \"Well, since Kirsty's on her way to signing you, you call another company, dropping hints that someone else wants you. They offer you a deal because they're curious. You call Kirsty; she's desperate and decides – bam – she wants you, and offers you a minimum yearly salary. You call the other interested place, they offer more money. Kirsty offers more yet. They offer…I dunno, a tour bus. You call Kirsty again, she calls them, and they hash it out and you make it, big time.\" \"How the hell do you know that'll work?\" the busker laughed, leaning back in his chair and only slightly awestruck. The girl, pleased with knowing something he didn't, smiled and shrugged. \"It's just logical, I suppose,\" she reasoned. \"Say I asked to come wit' you on your tour, and you think—\" Her face twisted into an expression of mild disgust. \"—'Ugh, her?'\" she asked in a bad attempt at an Irish accent. \"'But she's so…bloody fucking hell…annoying, and her nose is so bloody big, and her clothes, blah! Don' even get me fucking started on those hideous—!\" \"I get it,\" interrupted the busker, mostly because he disagreed with everything she had said. The girl smiled sheepishly and blushed. \"Right. Well anyway, you tell me 'T'anks, but no t'anks.' And, you know, I really wanna go on tour, so right away I tell you 'Okay then, it's probably for the best anyway. I spoke to my husband last night and he asked me to come home to Czech Republic. I'll probably do that.'\" The busker was sickened by the very thought. \"So, right away, you t'ink: 'Wait, now why does that arsehole want her? He's been living alone for a year; what's so special for him to want her back? Is she a good cook? Does she clean house properly?\" She leaned forward and quirked one eyebrow jauntily. \"Is she good in bed? Well, now I gotta know. I want her. I want her on my tour.' \"So I call my husband and tell him 'I would come home, but I've been invited on tour with a grand musician, so I might go wit' him. It sounds fun.' So he, who wants someone to clean up after him again (it was the cleaning, but you still don't know), offers to buy me a new Hoover if I come home. I tell you about it; you offer me two songs all to myself every night of the tour. So I call my husband and he offers to buy me three new dresses and a hat (by the way, I don't know where he's getting all this money). You offer four songs. He offers a piano. You offer a piano too. I don't know what the hell to do anymore! But you do . You offer a heated blanket, and I'm sold. I go on tour wit' you. \"So you see?\" said the girl with a knowing smile. \"You have to generate interest and make your decision when timing is perfect, because if you wait too long d'ey will only give up on you.\" \"And how am I supposed to know when the perfect timing is if you're back in Ireland?\" asked the busker with his eyebrows raised. The girl shrugged. \"That just means we'll need to talk on de phone much more, to train you.\" \"Ah, right,\" the busker nodded with a grin. Then he paused for a moment. \"Does this mean I'll need an electric blanket to get you on tour with me?\" She simply laughed and swatted his arm. The busker pulled out his phone book and the girl went looking for the telephone. It took five minutes of searching; two significant glances at a slowly reddening busker, before she had the guts to ask: \"Okay, what the hell happened to your telephone?\" \"It, uh…broke.\" The girl gave him an exasperated smile and shook her head. \"Can it be fixed?\" \"If you know how to rewire a telephone after the wire was jerked forcibly out, then yeah, definitely.\" \"Irish temper?\" \"What else?\" That made her laugh. \"Alright, let's go then. Kirsty can't call if you don't have a telephone.\" There was a used electronics store near the busker's flat, and so they went there, the girl reminding him not to go for anything too flashy. \"Just somet'ing cheap that will work.\" \"But hey,\" the busker argued mock-seriously, holding a box aloft. \"It's a phone, and a lamp .\" The girl laughed but shook her head. \"I t'ink d'is is the one.\" \"Oh, hey, I found one too! And it looks like it's two pounds cheaper.\" \"Yeah, but this one's blue.\" The busker blinked at her. They were both holding boxes in their hands. \"But, they're the exact same thing.\" \"But this one's blue .\" At the innocuous look on her face, he laughed and accepted the telephone she had in her hands, willing to cough over the extra two pounds for her favorite color. He double-checked that he would have the same telephone number with an employee before they bagged it up and took off for a pub to get some food. They were a hundred times more animated than on the first day she had been there, talking and laughing and telling stories, as if their confessions from the night before had lifted and enormous weight from their shoulders. \"…and so Miklos trips over de coffee table and breaks his nose, Ivanka is still running around wit' his fahder's war pistol, and I'm trying to keep de bird from flying in t'rough de window!\" she cried, doubled over her plate with laughter. She was limply attempting to gesture with her slender hands that were shaking with humor. \"Mik, bleeding all over, finally catches Ivanka and gets de pistol back, and d'en slams de window shut so hard glass breaks and we bot' get cuts all over our arms. So I get some ice and towel for Mik's nose and start cleaning glass, and Mama comes home, sees everyt'ing, and says: ''ave I missed de party?'\" They both laughed over their drinks (a coffee for her and beer for him). Just as the busker was beginning a story of himself and his best friend when they were children, a trio of men around the busker's age wandered over and clapped him on the back. \"'Lo, gentlemen,\" he said with a grin before turning to the girl. \"These are some of London and America's finest: Paul, Phil, and Tim. Men, this is my friend I've told ye about.\" The girl smiled and shook their hands. \"You've told us about her?\" said Paul curiously. \"That sounds a bit curious. Where are you from?\" She could sense the hint of a joke in his voice and, sure enough, the busker's face turned red. \"Well,\" she started uncertainly, shyness creeping up on her. \"I live in Ireland now, but…\" \"Czech Republic!\" guessed all three at once, laughing. The girl continued smiling politely, but looked at the busker and widened her eyes imploringly. He simply closed his eyes and shook his head. She had never seen him looking so boyishly embarrassed. The men sat down around their table built for two, sandwiching the girl between Phil and Tim, the identical American twins that she had already lost track of. \"You're pretty much famous,\" said one of them with a laugh. \"Our pal here never shuts up about ya,\" agreed the other. She looked at the busker with a teasing smile on her lips; his head was buried in his large hands. \"And what does he tell you about me?\" she asked playfully. The twins instantly opened their (rather large) mouths, but Paul interrupted them. \"Can't say anything, we were sworn to secrecy.\" He gestured instead for another round of drinks, ignoring the girl's coffee and getting her a beer too. \"You ever been to this club before, love?\" She shook her head, and the men made noises of pseudo-outrage. \"I was going to tell her about it!\" the busker snapped, but he was laughing a bit too. He pointed over his shoulder at a battered little stage, where a woman a bit older than the girl and younger than the busker was tuning a guitar and a bass simultaneously. \"Every night the place closes up at nine, and then it becomes a hub for musicians to write songs and play some new stuff.\" The girl's eyebrows rose. \"No shit?\" she asked, and then nodded. \"Cool.\" A thought seemed to occur to her, and she bent low to look under the table, making the twins laugh. \"You didn't bring your guitar?\" The busker shrugged sheepishly. \"I thought we'd just listen tonight.\" Looking at him as if the other men weren't there, she smiled and nodded happily. She loved music, but sometimes it was more fun to appreciate it than to play it. And there was a piano, so if she changed her mind later she would simply borrow it. Soon after the busker had explained it, the daytime rush of customers began to dwindle until only about fifteen people remained in the intimately-lit room. The busker excused himself to use the washroom, and suddenly the girl was alone with Paul, as the twins had gone to set up their instruments with the woman. \"So how long are you here for?\" he asked with little or no hesitation. The girl bit her lip. \"T'ree more days.\" Paul nodded silently and sipped his drink, watching as the twins and the woman they were with climbed onto the all-too-unnecessary stage. The woman's dark curly hair shone in the dim lighting, and her similarly American accent set her band apart as not only visitors in the country, but the only band with a female lead singer in the pub. And yet when she opened her mouth and started singing, her voice was almost, if not just as powerful as the busker's. The girl was sent speechless, just as she had the first time she had heard the busker. It seemed as though she and the busker should have been perfect for one another, and yet some sort of vibe the woman gave off contradicted that. \"So, have you thought about what'll happen when you go?\" asked Paul, a few minutes after the girl believed the conversation to be over. She gave him a confused look, and he huffed impatiently. \"To be frank, the man's crazy for you, so are you leaving your husband or leaving my friend in the dust again?\" \"Again?\" asked the girl quietly. \"I've never left him.\" Paul shrugged again. \"You went back to your husband.\" \"He went back to his gerl!\" she argued. \"That's why I called my husband to begin wit'!\" \"And he called Katherine because you told him you were married.\" The girl opened her mouth to argue against him, but at that very moment the busker came back with more drinks. \"She's good, eh?\" he asked, gesturing to the woman with the twins. The girl said nothing, contemplating what Paul had told her while alternating between watching the busker and the band. Had all of this happened because of her? She had only been trying to be honest with him before anything more had happened with them, as she had felt more was coming. And then he had left. \" I got lost in a sea of sunken dreams While the sound of drunken screams —\" Everyone cheered, raising their drinks, and the singer laughed. \"— echoes in the night . And I know all of this will come to pass I'll be with you at last Forever by your side .\" Her hands climbed quickly up the neck of her guitar, and when she sang the chorus her voice intentionally cracked. It could have filled a room fifty times as big as the one they were in now, and yet this was where they were stuck. \" Time keeps burning The wheels keep on turning sometimes I feel I'm wasting my days.\" Discreetly under the table, like a pair of teenagers, the busker took the girl's hand. \" How I've missed you I just wanna kiss you And I'm gonna love you 'til my dying day How these days grow long.\" The song came to a riotous end and everyone clapped and cheered as the trio jumped off the stage. The busker and Paul waved them over immediately, obviously already good friends with them though the girl had never even heard of this woman, and they all crowded around the tiny table. The singer's bare arm (she had strange symbols tattooed on both of her shoulders) pressed against the girl's; she smelled of whiskey, but it was more of a perfume than an odor. She ordered the next round of drinks with a wave of her hand and then smiled at the girl a bit shyly. \"Looks like we're kindred spirits in here, huh?\" she laughed. \"Nice to meet you.\" \"Same.\" The singer grinned; there was an endearing gap between her two front teeth. \"I'm used to hanging out with the twins all the time, but usually a room full of women is never too far away, y'know what I mean?\" The girl nodded and smiled, but she really had no clue. \"You 'ave an amazing voice,\" she settled for instead. The singer's forehead creased; apparently she was having trouble understanding the girl's accent among the din of the pub. \"Sorry hun, what?\" \"Your voice,\" repeated the girl a bit louder. Now able to understand, the singer brightened a bit. \"It's really good!\" Grinning bashfully and simply oozing earnestness and warmth, the singer slapped a bony hand on the wooden table. \"Well, thanks!\" she said brightly. \"You gonna do some singin' later?\" Without thinking, the girl exchanged a look with the busker. He shrugged, and she turned back to the woman. \"Not sure, maybe.\" The singer's eyes went from the girl to the busker, realizing that they were a double act, and her eyes lit up. \"Oh! It's you! I've heard about you! I knew you seemed familiar!\" The girl laughed forcibly and looked at the busker. \"How many people have you told about me?\" she asked with a shocked smile. The busker grinned a bit sheepishly. \"Enough to make you feel welcome if you ever came to visit,\" he admitted, and she laughed out loud. There were shushing sounds around the room as the next act moved up onstage, a skinny and bespectacled young man with a violin in his hands. When he tried to speak, his voice cracked, showing his youth. \"This, um, is a song I've, uh, been practicing for a while now, so, uh, I thought I'd play it for you. Yeah.\" He shakily raised the violin and bow and, to all of their surprise, played fluently and expressively in all the ways he could not speak. The girl was blown away, by not the boy, but by the song. Before realization had even hit her there were tears stinging her eyes and her hand had forced its way out of the busker's. As subtly as she could, she slid from her chair and moved briskly for the women's loo, leaving the table's occupants behind her looking around with confusion and the busker looking worried. The women's room was small and dirty and the door creaked as she opened it and slammed shut with an echo. She leaned over the lime-stained sink's rusty faucet, her right hand pressed against the dirty mirror. Breathe. Steady. Pull together. Hold on. Not here. She moved her hand to cover up the reflection of her face, shutting out the world from behind her eyelids. The door opened and closed and the girl didn't move, already knowing who it was and why she was there. \"You know, you're way too young to be looking at yourself in the mirror like that,\" the singer said with obviously forced nonchalance, leaning against the wall and tucking her hands into her pockets. In the silence between them the violinist's song swelled and the girl threw up in the sink at the sound. \"Christ, you okay kid?\" Her hair was lifted from her face only a few moments too late, but she appreciated the gesture regardless. The girl reached blindly for a paper towel and scrubbed at the inside of her mouth with it to be rid of the taste. \"I 'aven't heard this song in six years,\" she finally forced out as the singer wetted a few more towels and used them to clean the front strands of the girl's hair. Her hands were thin and bony, like the girl's, but warm and soft in contrast. \"I was sick last time, too.\" She was unable to say anymore on the subject, and the singer seemed to understand and simply remained silent as she waited for the girl to look up. When she wouldn't do it, the singer gently took her hand and pulled it away from the mirror's cold surface, and with her other hand tilted her chin up until they were looking at their own reflections. The singer's eyes and hair were dark and shining, her skin glowing with a healthy tan even in February. The girl was pale and wan with an olive tone to her skin, her eyes gray and hair dull dishwater blonde. So different, and yet in their bone structure alone they could have been sisters. \"You want me to tell him you're sick? I'm sure he'd take you home,\" the singer gently said, resting her chin on the girl's shoulder. She shook her head emphatically without explaining why. \"This song is nearly ten minutes,\" she laughed bitterly after a minute or two of silence. \"You can go back out there. Is really a good song, you should hear it.\" \"I'm fine right here.\" And so they stood there in that dingy little bathroom for the full eight and a half minutes of Kubelík, staring into their own reflections and both wondering what decision had been the one to lead them here. The girl led the way out when it finally came to an end and everyone went wild for the boy's talent. The busker's eyes were on her before she had even gotten close to the tiny table, and she smiled at him, tucking her damp hair behind her ears. The singer acted as if nothing had occurred, and for that the girl was grateful. The busker and girl did not, in fact, perform together that night, but the girl watched as he went up and played Knocking on Heaven's Door with Tim and Phil. She leaned against the wall, cradling a pint of beer against her chest, and smiled whenever he looked at her. For a while, she even forgot about everything she had left behind in Dublin. It was a good feeling that she attributed to the drinking, and so she drank.[Chapter 21] Everyone flooded out of the pub around two in the morning; the singer and the twins walked along the pavement with the busker and girl, pleasantly buzzed and listening to the transistor radio on Phil's belt. \" It's really fucking cold! \" the busker yelled the moment they stepped outside the pub. A few people walking home across the street shouted their agreement, and they all laughed. \"Why is it always so fucking cold in winter?!\" \"Because it's winter ,\" the singer pointed out slowly. \"How drunk are you?\" the girl asked him with a laugh. The busker mock-glared at her, but then seemed to realize that he was, indeed, quite drunk. \"Drunk enough to act stupid and reckless, but not drunk enough to use that as a real excuse,\" he grinned. Then he nudged the girl's shoulder with his own, the plastic bag containing his new telephone bumping against her leg. \"How drunk are you? \" The girl laughed and shook her head, but seemed to really think about it. \"Drunk enough for my accent to come back, but no' drunk enough to forgive myself in morning for what I do tonight. Pretty much de same.\" They exchanged a tipsy glance but said nothing, simply traipsing along as the radio's tiny speaker crackled halfheartedly in the dark. Break me out tonight I wanna feel the sun rise in anywhere but here Come with me This could be The only chance we get We've gotta take it If we don't do this now we'll never make it Lose this crowd His hand brushed hers in the dark, and their eyes glittered as they looked around at the singer and the twins, and then smiled at one another. Break me out Without warning they took off running, hand in hand down the icy sidewalk with the other three laughing and chasing them like it was a game, and all the busker could think was to hold onto this moment. You'll never be this young again. Then the girl started to slip in the ice, screaming with both fear and laughter until she fell into a small drift of snow. \"Are you okay?\" the busker asked through gales of laughter. She was covered in the fluffy white stuff, her hair tousled and eyes a bit dazed. She seemed unhurt, but wasn't laughing. Instead she mutely raised her arms and he lifted her out of the snow, and then into a piggyback ride. \"Where are we going?\" she asked wearily, her chin digging into his shoulder comfortably and one hand in his hair. \"Home.\" \"Okay.\" They passed the airport on their way back to his flat, and just when he was suspecting she had fallen asleep on his back, the girl slid her way to the ground and was breathing fast as though she were horrified. He touched her shoulder but she flinched away. \"Miklos?\" she called out, and then the busker looked farther ahead of them and saw a man sitting on the pavement outside the airport's parking lot. His head rose at the sound of his wife's voice and he stood, swaying in the cold. The girl ran ahead of them all toward her husband, her good heart winning over her own fear of confrontation. \" Miklos, proč jste tady ?\" she asked, her light hair blowing behind her as she jogged to meet him. The busker had never seen the girl's husband before, and it was strange to imagine such a bearlike man to be with such a small young woman like her. He was at least a foot taller than his wife, with dark glittering eyes and broad shoulders. And yet there was something about him that, at the moment, didn't seem very frightening at all. He reached out one hand and touched his wife's face, as if testing if she were real. \"I-I come to find you,\" he said in obviously broken English. \" Chtěl jsem se vrátit.\" \" Neřekl jsi mi, že jsi chtěl.\" \" Nechtěl jsem, abyste za mnou!\" None of them knew what was being said, but the busker managed to get the gist of it when he started shouting and gesturing toward the airport while she hit his chest. He hardly moved an inch even when she put most of her weight behind it. He said something that sounded sharp and bitter no matter what language it was in, and she slapped him with all of her strength and it barely left a mark. Then he reached up as if he were about to do the same, but the singer, busker and the twins all took a step forward to intervene and the couple seemed to finally remember they weren't exactly alone. \" Prosím. Jen se mnou mluvit,\" said Miklos quietly. She regarded him silently for a moment, and almost instantly the hostile mood shifted, leaving behind only a man and a woman who had loved each other once and loved their daughter and wanted to turn this sinking boat around. \" Prosím ,\" he pleaded again, one hand reaching out tentatively. The busker watched her shoulders slump for a moment before squaring up, and she nodded and took his hand. Her husband pulled her into his arms, and for the first time in months around her husband the girl felt safe and loved. With little effort she was able to pull away and she drifted back toward a crestfallen and hurt-looking busker. Shame and guilt made her turn her eyes away from his. \"I 'ave to talk to him,\" she half-stated and half-pleaded with him. \"As long as he follows me, if I say no, then I gave up. I called quits. I can't…\" Her eyes begged him to understand even as she sensed him closing himself off. She grabbed his arm in her hand and squeezed it lightly. \"What d'you want me to say?\" he asked gruffly. \"I'm not okay with this; if you stay with that arsehole you're gonna get hurt, and I won't always be here when you get scared and run away.\" He stopped and blinked a bit dazedly. \"I really must be drunk; I didn't mean to say anything like that.\" The girl closed her eyes and fought the urge to hold him while her husband was watching, but slid her hand down his arm and into his, squeezing that instead. He squeezed back gently. \"I'm coming back,\" she promised. \"I'm not gonna leave tonight.\" Reluctantly, he let her go, she waved goodbye to the singer and the twins, and then she walked at her husband's side down the street, speaking quietly in Czech. They vanished around a corner and the streets were silent with the ache of her absence in his chest. \"I'm goin' home,\" he told the singer, Tim, and Phil, and took off toward his flat without waiting for a response. It was 3 am. He had intended to stay awake until the girl returned, but the combination of drink and the long day bogged him down, and he slipped in and out of wakefulness on the couch until well past dawn. The morning bloomed cold and gray, the sort of morning where none too many folks could be caught dead outside, and still the girl hadn't come back. He paced up and down the length of the tiny flat, looking out the window for a sign of her, murmuring songs he had written with her under his breath, and thinking about—three guesses who?—her. He couldn't banish the sight of her in the darkness, running blindly toward the man she had been considering divorcing for the past five days, from his mind. The hunger and longing on the face of her husband as he confronted the woman he had claimed not to care about living for a year without. They had been lying to each other and to themselves, simply because their reunion had been fuelled by her meeting another man, falling in love with him, and seeing him decide to go back to an old flame of his own. The timing wasn't right, but their intentions were. His neck hurt, he was tired and hung-over, but he found himself as inspired as she apparently had been by him going back to Katherine. Without really thinking at all he picked up his guitar and his notebook and his tape recorder, and he wrote their song in the gloomy gray light of a new day. I wanna take you to New York I wanna pull back the veils and find out what I have done wrong \"I have missed you,\" he finally admitted softly over the table at the only café open this early in the morning. \"It's been a long week without you.\" The girl smiled, closed her eyes, and shook her head before looking down into her coffee. \"I've missed you too. I've missed the way things used to be.\" After a few moments' thought she looked back up, eyes glimmering with a sort of disbelieving humor that couldn't be described. \"Were we ever really happy together, or was it just easier than being lonely?\" she asked with a sad little laugh I wanna turn this thing around I wanna meet you somewhere out there in this cold, cold, cold town Mik reached across the table and covered her small hand with his. \"We tried too hard to blame each other for losing our dreams that we didn't try to be happy. Then we blamed each other for not trying.\" The girl seemed to accept this as what was as close to the truth as possible, running a finger over the rim of her mug. She bit the corner of her lip and then, as if it had been torturing her for months, she forced out: \"I'm sorry you had to quit your training. I know how much you hate your job.\" He simply shrugged. \"I'm sorry you had to quit school,\" he said in the same way. \"You're really smart; you could have gone far.\" She shrugged back, knowing immediately what she really wanted from him if she were to go back. And we'll be low rising Because we've gotta come up from this, we've gotta come up Low rising Because there's no further for us to fall He had just fallen asleep again, sprawled across the couch with his guitar on his chest and his tape recorder still running on the floor, when the girl came back. He had left the door ajar when he returned that morning, and so she let herself in and was caught between smiling and crying when she saw him lying asleep. She put her bag on the floor by the couch and knelt there, watching him. She pulled her knees up to her chest and rested her head there, reveling in the quiet darkness before the storm. Low Rising Until we feel we've had enough \"Huh?\" There was a muted bang of hollow wood on the floor and the gentle thrum of his guitar strings vibrating, and when the girl raised her head the busker was there in front of her and he put a hand on her shoulder. \"Hey, are you okay?\" he asked her. She blinked a bit dazedly – apparently she had fallen asleep – and nodded her head. The busker held her under her arms and pulled her up onto the couch. \"What happened? Did you even sleep?!\" She shook her head this time, still trying to bring herself back to reality and laying her head on his shoulder. \"We talked a long time. Got a lot of t'ings sorted out,\" she murmured into his neck, making his skin tingle with warmth, and he held her tighter. \"So what…?\" he began to ask but couldn't finish. He instead pressed his mouth to the top of her head and closed his eyes. She sighed and closed her fingers around part of his shirt, clinging closer to him than she ever had before. She hadn't said the words, but everything about it rang like a death knell. \"I…\" she pulled herself even closer to him, and he held her tighter as she started to shake with emotion. \"It's okay,\" he whispered, stroking her hair. \"It's alright, I know. You don't have to say it.\" \"I do,\" the girl insisted, backing away and out of his arms altogether. \"I 'ave to or it won't be real.\" She put her soft, slender hands on either side of his face, already crying as she looked him in the eyes. \"Mik and I talked about everyt'ing: getting married so young, and having Ivanka, and all of this mess, and…\" She sniffled and looked away for only a moment. The busker covered her hands with his shaking ones. All for the love of you \"Tomorrow, Miklos and I are going back to Dublin,\" she said, her voice slow and even as the busker's head started to spin. So that was it, then. He was going to be alone for the rest of his life. \"I'm gonna go back to school, try to finish this time, you know?\" The busker couldn't help but drop his head into his hands. \"Christ.\" She bowed her head and stared down at her hands. \"I wanted this, being here wit' you,\" she said through fresh tears. \"But how long would we 'ave lasted? If all of this has happened in knowing one anudder for only a year, two weeks in person, then how long will it take for the fire to burn out? I…I just…how old are you?\" The busker looked up at her with a furrowed brow. \"Where's your mudder? What made you love music so much? Why do you know so much about me but I don't know you at all?\" He had no answer for her. He wanted so badly to be angry but couldn't muster up the energy for it. \"Will this make you happy?\" he asked wearily instead. \"Is he gonna treat you better?\" The girl nodded and wiped her eyes. He touched her chin and she looked up at him. \"Then why are you still crying?\" She shook her head, hiccupping, unable to answer only because she didn't know why herself. \"I asked him…I asked him to 'ave today wit' you,\" she said thickly. \"I wanted to say goodbye here, not wit' him watching.\" The busker clasped his hands between his knees, secretly glad that she had chosen this for them, if they were never to see one another alone again. \"When d'you go?\" \"Tomorrow morning, at nine.\" He nodded silently. \"And he won't be comin' 'round looking for you until then?\" She nodded hesitantly, but then looked at him with more meaning in her eyes than had ever been present before. \"So…what're we gon—?\" The girl craned her neck and kissed him for the first time, her hands reaching up to hold his face. It burned like sin on his tongue, but not enough to make him pull away. \"No music,\" she murmured against his lips, \"no husbands, no children, no parents, no age. I want today wit' you .\" She was crying again; her tears dampened his face as he leaned back and she moved down with him. He knew within moments that he was lost to her; he would never have a wife or family simply because he wanted it only with her. There would be no russet-haired children to sit with him as he lay dying years from now. But it was alright for the moment; he was content to die right there with a beautiful girl's lips and legs entwined with his. His gut was churning and palms sweating as if he were twenty years old again. He pulled back suddenly, pressing his head into the sofa cushion, and looked the girl in the eyes. \"I'm 33,\" he admitted like it were a deadly sin, slightly out of breath. She smiled. \"You don't—\" \"Me ma died two years ago, a-and I only ever started playing guitar because me best friend did to get girls an' I was fucking jealous. He lost interest and I fell in love with it.\" \"Why're you—?\" \"My friends know about you because when I got back with Katherine I was completely crazy about you and didn't even know it. I never stopped talking about you,\" he laughed quietly, brushing her hair behind her ear. \"I was so humiliated when I realized I was in love with you that I stopped talking to 'em altogether. For six fucking months. Only Paul was left when I finally got off me arse and apologized.\" \"What about—?\" \"Tim and Phil and all them are only visiting. I met 'em after I left Katherine and went crazy over you again. They're goin' back to Seattle in a few weeks.\" He gingerly touched her hair again; it was smooth and almost blonde in the afternoon light filtering in through the window. \"I'm 13 years older than you,\" he said softly. It felt suddenly and inexplicably wrong to be sprawled across the couch with a nearly-20-year-old woman lying on his chest, who was looking into his eyes with an impish smile. \"What's so funny?\" The girl folded her hands delicately on his chest and rested her chin upon them, still smiling. \"Mik's 38.\" There was something so genuinely reassuring in the way she'd said it that he felt no fear at all. He smiled back at her, and she quirked her eyebrows as if to ask 'May I continue now?' The first time was what one might call sloppy, and fast; she tasted of coffee and pipe tobacco, he of cheap beer and dust motes. After, they lay together on the rug with an afghan covering them and their arms keeping one another warm. \"Is this wrong?\" he asked. She whispered, \"No,\" and moved closer. \"I didn't wanna go t'rough my life not knowing you this way. It's perfect.\" They watched the sun as it began to sink in the sky, red as blood and blinding, and, the events of the past day finally seeming to catch up to them, drifted to sleep in the place where they belonged.[Chapter 22] The girl woke on and off through the late afternoon and evening, dreams scattering about. The boy at the pub had been playing Kubelík's song that he had written for the love of his life when they were going through a rough patch. It had been the song playing when she and her mother had arrived at home to find her father dead. It had been echoing through the whole house. At her mother's cry of horror she had just known and run out to the yard and vomited in the snow. Hearing it there, she thought, had been some sort of sign from God or her papa. Perhaps she had been doing something right in leaving Miklos after all. But then Miklos had been there, and perhaps it had been a sign for her to simply try harder? There were so many things she had wanted to tell the busker before she left. She had been listening to him busking at night for weeks before finally gathering the courage to talk to him, and she had been embarrassed to only have ten cents in her pocket at the time. How she had spent months after his departure sitting by Ivanka's bed while she slept and wishing her husband wouldn't love his daughter so much to keep fighting for the wife he didn't even want. All her life she had thought that two people were meant for each other and no one else, and when she met Miklos she had thought he was her soulmate; after she had left him for Dublin and met the busker, she realized it was hard to tell when you only find the right person once. She rolled over into the busker's chest and he pulled her tighter and all she could think was hold this moment in your heart forever. There will never be another. Not with this man. Not with Miklos. Not ever.[Chapter 23] When they were both awake and alert, The busker helped her track her things down from around his flat until her duffel bag was full again. When she was in the shower, he tucked the Clancy Brothers t-shirt and tape he recorded the day before into the bottom under all her clothes. Then, all the was left was to sit on the couch together until nine, when a knock came to the door as promptly as if Miklos had been out there waiting. The busker opened the door and stepped aside to let the bigger man in; he halfheartedly glared at the busker before bending down to kiss his wife in a show of male dominance. \"You are ready?\" he asked the girl, and she nodded and picked up her bag, but turned to the busker instead of moving. \"You'll call me when Kirsty does?\" she asked, her eyes shining with unease and sadness that she couldn't bring herself to openly express, and he loved her. She was the girl who said 'when' instead of 'if'. She was the girl who, even with her own dreams fading, believed ferociously in the dreams of others. She was the girl . \"Before anyone else,\" he assured her with a shaky forced smile. He wanted so badly to hold her one last time, maybe flip Mik the bird as he did so, but it was bound to turn into much more than that. She seemed to be thinking the same thing, her arms unnaturally stiff at her sides. Then, with a teary smile she reached out her hand. He shook it; it was frighteningly formal for a goodbye. Miklos didn't even bother looking in the busker's direction as he guided his wife out the door, but she kept her eyes locked on his over her shoulder, smiling sadly, until they met the stairs at the end of the hall and vanished. The busker leaned against the hallway wall, already missing her. He looked over his shoulder into his flat; it looked massively empty without her there now. \"Oh! Nechal jsem za sebou něco! Jen do toho, budu doháně! \" By the time the busker could look up for the source of the shoes clomping up the stairs, the girl had already rounded the corner, her face white and tears in her eyes, and was running his way. He opened his arms just in the knick of time to catch her as she flung her arms tightly around his neck. They said nothing, for nothing needed to be said. \"Have a safe flight,\" he murmured huskily as they pulled apart, thumbing away her tears. She nodded and blinked away her emotion like a professional. \"You too.\" Then she blushed, realizing the mistake of what she had said. \"Er, t'anks.\" He forced himself to grin and shoved his hands into his pockets to keep from grabbing her and kissing her lips off, and she began to slowly back away toward the stairs again. This is your last chance to say something moving and profound. \" Miluješ ho? \" he asked, joking sadly. She stopped at the top of the stairs, half-hidden around the corner and smiling. \" I love you. \" And then she was gone, for real this time, and it didn't hurt nearly as badly after her parting words.[Chapter 24] He woke up at 5 o' clock and couldn't go back to sleep and so he lie there watching her. She was impossibly young when asleep, one hand curled like a leaf under her ear and her hair tangled around her un-creased eyes. Her lips bowed upwards in the hint of a natural smile. Why could he never see it when she was awake? He wrapped his arm securely around her and buried his face in the crook of her shoulder. What was he to do when she was gone? What would happen if Kirsty didn't call? Or worse, what if she did and he went on tour without her? There were still so many things gone unsaid between them. How he had dreamt of having her in his arms and bed when he was with Katherine for the second time, and that was what made him unable to live without her. How he had held her in his arms that first night and wished never to let go. How hearing her and her husband argue over the telephone had made him want to kill the man she had married. He hadn't even liked her the day they had met, when she had only been able to fork over ten cents. He had hated how she had been able to get the truth of his failed relationship with Katherine out of him when even his father had been unable to. He loved her more now, however, than he had ever loved Katherine, and he had almost married Katherine once. How, when they were apart, he had filled three notebooks full of songs for her to hear and to sing with him. What if she never heard them? The girl sighed softly in her sleep and rolled over so her eyes were buried in his chest, and he had his answer. He would hold onto this moment he had with her now, put on a brave face, and he would endure.[Chapter 25] 3 Months Later The girl had been getting home later and later since she had started night school. Tonight, however, she was finally on time; she had finally gotten caught-up in Maths after staying after for help every night for a week. It was past midnight now, she having gone for a quick after-class drink with a few of her classmates, and everyone was asleep. She turned on the radio with the volume set low on her favorite station that had DJs at all hours of the night. \"…And that was the Traveling Ghost Tour Band, with their new song Dying Day. Really lovely,\" praised the DJ, and the girl cursed that she had missed it. She'd been thinking about the singer and the twins quite a lot since meeting them in London, and found herself sore for the older woman's warm companionship. \"And now, we've got a real treat right from Dublin for our late-night listeners. A song by London's newest rising star, an allegedly one-man band called Fitzcarraldo. The CD was hand-delivered to us by young Fitz himself, and he asked if, since we're the first station in all of the UK to play it, we would read a message with it.\" The girl quirked her eyebrows thoughtfully as she pulled the kettle off of the stove before it could whistle. She could faintly hear Miklos snoring, and Ivanka was making a disgruntled sound at all the noise. She turned the radio up just a little bit as she stirred her tea at the table. \"…And here it is! From handsome young Fitzcarraldo himself! 'Hello Ireland! As this is the first song sent out on the airwaves that wasn't sent by a smelly busker on the corner of the street, I would like to take a moment to dedicate this momentous first song to a girl back home in Dublin. Now, you're probably spittin' mad at me right now, so hopefully this'll make it up to ya, love, because this song isn't mine. It's yours, my song-writing partner, my back-up vocalist, the birdlike muse flitting onto my shoulder, and my very dear friend. Listen close, love. From, Fitzcarraldo.\" The girl looked up from her mug sharply, her hands instantly beginning to shake. Surely not…? He hadn't called her! But then, surely enough, the beginning strains of her piano and his guitar started up and tears sprang to her eyes. So, \" Miklos! Mami! \" she shouted, and even though it was the middle of the night she turned up the radio all the way, laughing. If you ever want somethin' Ivanka was, oddly, the first to come out, rubbing her eyes but running to wrap her arms around the girl's legs. You just call, call, and I'll come running to fight Mik and her mother came next as she picked up Ivanka and reached for the phone at the same time, nearly dropping it twice. Her mother clapped and smiled when she recognized the busker's voice, yelling about her Handsome. And I'll be at your door The girl turned to her still-half-sleeping husband and told him that she was the one playing the piano there. He smiled widely and squeezed her shoulder in a supportive gesture as she dialed the phone. When there's nothing worth running for \"Are you listening?\" asked the busker the moment the phone clicked to life. When your mind's made up \"You lying bastard!\" she half-laughed half-cried into the phone. \"You never called me!\" He laughed. \"I wanted it to be a surprise! Are you mad?\" When your mind's made up There's no point trying to change it \"No,\" the girl insisted, pressing a hand to her grinning lips. There, looking out the window to the southeast, with the busker in her ear and Ivanka over her heart and her mother and husband at her shoulders, she finally felt the glimmer of hope she had been waiting for all her life. You see You're just like everyone When the shit falls all you want to do is run away And hide all by yourself When you're far from me there's nothing else When your mind's made up When your mind's made up There's no point trying to fight it When your mind's Your mind's Made up There's no point trying to change it So If you ever want something And you call, call \"I'll call when it's time to record an album, okay?\" \"Okay.\" \"Cool. I love you.\" The girl looked at her husband, who had taken Ivanka and started dancing around the flat with her in his arms. \"You too.\" Then I'll come running. ","Summary":" Every once in a while, when they were in the sitting room or sitting in a café together, the busker"}]